 Thank god, another long workday over. While Lance locked the pharmacy doors, I finished the nightly reports and began thinking about what I'd make for dinner when I got home.

"Good day, huh?" he smiled, coming to stand at the counter near me.

"Long day," I corrected him with a wry smile.

I could see him in my peripheral vision, watching me, but not with the eyes of a manager. I glanced at him. A funny smile played on his lips and his brown eyes danced in what looked to me like mischief. Lance did have a good sense of humor; it was one of the things that made this grueling retail pharmacy job bearable. He was a talented pharmacist, multitasking all day long, keeping us focused with his easy style.

"Well, tomorrow's Friday. Then we'll have a weekend to recover from the madness." He continued smiling. When I looked at him again, I swear he was checking me out.

Everyone else had left. Being the lead technician, I was responsible for the reports and making sure things were ready to go first thing in the morning, because the minute we arrived it was pandemonium. Phone calls, walk-ins, refills from our message line, online requests. There was no time to clean up from the day before.

"I need more than a weekend," I said, shaking my head. I reached under the counter for the reports that had spewed on onto the laser printer. I straightened them out and walked to the back of the pharmacy to put them into a binder.

Lance followed me. I liked him, I respected him, and, I had to admit, I found him attractive. In a kind of nerdy, shy way. I was the oldest technician on staff and the only one married, but the young women had no qualms about flirting with him. He flirted back, carefully, well aware of the dangers of sexual harassment charges. For some reason, though, he was always respectful toward me, speaking to me as a fellow adult, more or less. And I knew I couldn't compete with those young girls anyway, at least as far as looks. 

Lance hovered. I smiled at him, wondering if he wanted to talk to me about something. Had I made a mistake? Spoken harshly to a customer? I was aware of him near me; tall, slim, his dark hair a bit askew, needing a trim. It gave him a rakish air, adding to the nerdiness. Smarter than shit, this guy. He could do algebraic calculations in his head in nothing flat, had so much information in there that sometimes when he started talking it was like a faucet of brilliance had been turned on.

I shoved the binder onto a shelf and turned to face him. "What's up?" I asked point blank.

He shook his head now, and looked down. Here was the shyness.

"I've got to get going," I said, nodding at the clock behind him.

"Sure. Could you come into the office for a minute?"

Uh oh. There was something. I reviewed the day in my head and couldn't remember anything strange or difficult that might have caught his attention. I followed him into the tiny office. It was his office, really, but as busy as we were he rarely had any time to spend here. He was supposed to review invoices and mail here, keep up the narcotic logs - he did all these things during the day at the pharmacy counter while checking prescriptions and counseling patients. The office had become the repository for our prescription files, boxes of invoices, vials, computer paper, and labels. You couldn't even get behind the desk to sit in the chair.

It surprised me a little when he shut the door behind us. Oh shit. This was bad. Was I going to be fired because I made more money than the others? Had the company decided they could pay the young airheads less than me, that I was expendable?

"Carla," he said, his tone soft and sweet, "I really like you."

Oh yeah, I thought. Here it comes. Butter me up and then throw me under the bus.

"I like you, too," I said, but my throat was dry.

"I watch you all day long. You're so efficient and graceful, and the way you smile at all the customers, it's really amazing. Then you go home to your family and take care of them. You're ten times the woman any of the other techs are."

"Uh, thanks."

I screwed up my courage and looked into his face. Aw, fuck. A lock of his dark hair had fallen onto his forehead; he looked like a naughty little boy. I was reaching up to put it back before I realized it.

And he kissed me.

The startled look in my eyes made him step back. 

"What -" I said, but before I could get anything else out, he'd pulled me close and kissed me again. "Lance!" I exclaimed, my hands against his chest.

"I've wanted to do that for months," he said, still holding me, smiling. "I hoped maybe you've thought about it, too."

Actually, I had, but quickly put such thoughts out of my head. He was so young, only five years or so out of pharmacy school. I had a son in high school.

"Well, I -"

He nodded toward the closed door behind us. "There aren't any security cameras in here. I thought we might . . . I mean, if you want to . . . "

It dawned on me what he meant. He wanted to fuck me.

"Oh Lance, you know I'm married, you know how old I am!"

"I think we have a mutual friend," he said, his tone changing a little. I had no idea what he was talking about. "Scott."

"Scott?"

He nodded, still holding me, looking into my eyes expectantly.

The only Scott I knew was - oh shit. How could he possibly know about that?

"My Dad hangs out at the track," he explained. "He knows Scott."

I shook my head. "I don't know what you mean."

He laughed a little. "Come on. Your husband has a couple of race cars, you're down there every weekend, right? You know Scott."

Of course I did. I knew him Biblically and every other way. What, had he blabbed? Hell, I hoped not. It was bad enough that I'd fucked him multiple times, but worse that it had been at my husband, Steve's behest. He liked to watch.

"Okay," I relented. "So I know him. I know a lot of people down there."

"But you and Scott have a special . . . thing, right?"

"Even if we do, it doesn't mean I'm going to . . . do anything with you."

"No," he said, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean for you to think that, this isn't like that. I'm not just looking to get laid. It's you. I'm crazy about you. I only mentioned Scott because he says you're incredible."

"He says? To whom?" I wanted to know.

"My Dad."

What kind of perv is your Dad, I wondered. 

"I've wanted you for a long time. And now I want you even more. I thought maybe if you knew I knew about Scott, you'd maybe relax a little about it."

Oh god, he was a young fool, wasn't he? But he didn't know about Steve, that Steve masturbated while I got fucked by other men. That I'd hated it at first, but now I was practically addicted to it. I'd become a connoisseur of cocks, loving every size and shape, how they felt in my hands, how they tasted. Who knew there was such a variety in the taste of cum among men? In my idle moments I'd wondered about Lance, how big he was, how he'd be in my mouth.

He was waiting for me to say something.

When I didn't, he rushed to reassure me again. "I'm not going to punish you if you say no. And if you say yes, it'll be completely separate from work."

Sure it will, I thought. We'd be finding excuses to rub up against each other, maybe a quick blowjob in his office before opening the pharmacy.

Who was I kidding?

"I need to text Steve that I'm going to be late," I said.

His eyes glowed.

I went to get my purse and felt the familiar wetness between my legs. The anticipation of a hard cock in there worked every time. With slightly shaking hands, I texted Steve that we'd had a computer glitch and I'd be a little late.

Lance was sitting on the edge of the desk, his fly undone, when I returned. The bulge in his underwear told me he was as ready as I was. We kissed a few times, open-mouthed, his hands moving up under my blouse. He cupped my breasts in his big hands, ran his thumbs over my nipples. They immediately perked to attention.

"God, I knew they'd feel like this," he said into my hair.

I pushed the zipper in his pants wide open and stroked his cock over the underwear. He jerked a little and settled down. He began to undulate his hips in rhythm with my hand. We continued kissing; he got my blouse off, undid my bra, and buried his face in my tits with a satisfied moan. I pulled his cock out and he stood so I could get his pants and underwear off. Oh, what a magnificent stiffie he had. I ran my hand up and down the shaft, every now and then rubbing my palm over the head, feeling his precum, smoothing it back over the shaft.

Now he undid my slacks, unbuttoning then unzipping, letting them drop to the floor, and with two fingers he felt inside my panties. When he touched my clit I gasped. He pulled me close and rubbed it a little more while I pulled on his cock. Both of us were now breathing heavily, moaning a little.

Reaching behind me, I pulled up box to sit on, and kissed the tip of his hard-on. 

"Oh yeah," he breathed, bracing himself on the desk with his hands, his cock right in my face. I loved sucking dick, and showed him how good I was at it. I licked him, squeezed his balls gently, softly blew on him, and gave him a rough suck for a few minutes while he grunted and shut his eyes. 

But I wasn't about to let him come like this. I wanted him in my cunt.

I shoved the chair back abruptly and stood, stepping out of my panties. He stood wheezing in front of me, his cock hard, his eyes begging. I just smiled at him, and turned toward a stack of prescription file boxes, all neatly labeled. The top box was just at my waist level. I leaned over it and spread my legs.

I didn't have to tell him what to do. He came up behind me; his cock brushing against my butt crack. He reached inside my pussy with one hand, finger-banging me a little, rubbing my arousal juices all over my clit and pussy lips. Maddened with desire, I pushed my ass upward to facilitate his access to me. When he finally drove his cock inside me, I shivered and groaned in ecstasy.

"That feel good?" he asked, moving in and out, slowly, testing what I could take, going a little deeper each time.

"God, yes," I panted.

"Mmmm," he responded, moving a little faster now. "I know I'm gonna come real soon here, but what about you?"

"Just fuck me!"

He didn't have to be told twice. Harder and faster, both of us making distressed noises of lust, the sound of my wet cunt and his slapping cock inside me drove me wild. I braced myself with one hand on the boxes, which were perilously close to collapsing, and reached down to touch my clit. God, it was huge, and at my touch it stiffened. I rubbed it furiously as Lance thrust in me. 

This was the hottest sex I'd had in a long time; being here in the office with its business accouterments, the smell of paper and books mingling with the heady odor of our sex, stimulated me even more. 

To Lance's surprise, I exploded in orgasm before he did; I gripped my clit between my palm and two fingers, gasping and still writhing from his unrelenting fucking. Momentarily, he let out a low growl and hot cum filled me; his continued pumping pushing it out, no doubt to drip onto the floor underneath us.

"God damn," he said, still inside me, intent on filling me with all of his jizz. I remained as I was, wanting all of him in me. 

Eventually he pulled out, breathing hard, and his hands on my hips turned me toward him. I knew my hair was over my face, that I was covered in sweat.

He kissed me long and wet.

"I knew this would be good," he whispered. "Shit, Carla, we could have been doing this all along."

I laughed, moving one of his hands to my tits. My nipples were sore but I still wanted him to touch them.

"I suppose we can do it every now and then," I told him.

"Promise?"

"Yes."

"I mean, when you aren't doing my Dad."

I froze, and looked up at him. "What?"

"Scott. He's my Dad."