 In central Texas there is a region know as 'The Texas Hill Country' a vernacular term applied to a region of tall rugged hills consisting of thin layers of soil atop limestone and granite. The graceful rolling hills are dotted with Texas Live Oak, Cedar, and Cypress not to mention yucca and prickly pear cactuses. 

Near the southern tip of the region where the terrain relaxes down into the coastal plains, there is a small cowboy town known as Bandera. The old polish settlement is rich with western history and boasts a lovely river that flows around the town captivating it. 

This wonderful place has been the backdrop of three of my latest novels.

Allow me to introduce myself. I am Danny and as you have already guessed I am a writer, aspiring writer I should add. I have nothing major published as of yet, but I am diligently seeking a publisher. I sit here in my office, a small room more of a cubical than a room, but private and hack out stories on my keyboard daily hoping to find the golden words that will launch my title from writer to author.

Misunderstood by half of my family and practically scoffed by my own wife, I continue my daily quest. With three western adventure novels and a half a dozen short stories under my belt, I search for a new genre. Recently I have tried my hand at erotic fiction, an area of study that requires very little research on my part. Not to boast, but I do consider myself as a great lover. I am a true romantic, a real life Don Juan. Well, enough about that I do not want to present myself as arrogant, however I pride myself on my ability to please a woman sexually.

My story begins on a warm spring day. The bluebonnets, Indian paintbrushes, and many other wildflowers are spreading the countryside with color so picturesque it almost brings tears to my eyes. It has been a long winter and I am longing for the freedom that only a road trip away from the confines of my office can give.

I drive the one hundred mile stretch of blacktop and arrive in Bandera just around lunchtime. I climb out of my old truck and slip my laptop bag over my shoulder as I enter my favorite diner. Finding a table near the front window where the light is the best, I open my laptop and pull up my word processor. "Now if I only had something to write about." I say softly. Then I hear a voice, a sweet voice that sounds like the whisper of the wind in the pines. "Hi, Honey what can I get yah to drink?" I immediately look up into her eyes. They reflect a friendliness, but deeper an underlying image of passion. 

"I'll have a Corona with salt and lime."

"Sorry, honey this is the hill country we serve Lone Star, Budweiser, and other beer, but we don't carry that Mexican stuff."

"Just coffee," I said slightly embarrassed. "You're up from the coast aren't you?" she asks in that same sweet voice.

"Why--yes. How did you know?"

"I'm a waitress, Honey I make it a point to know my customers, besides only coastal people order Corona beer." 

We both laughed and she sashayed off to pour my coffee. I got a great look at her derrière as she wiggled along with the grace of a wind tossed feather. I knew the minute I saw her beautifully featured rounded face that she would have a nice bottom. The two just go together for some reason. A moon-faced woman always has a well-rounded ass.

Dressed in tight hip hugger jeans and a low cut western blouse, she was the image of beauty. I guessed her to be in her mid thirties and most likely single. Her breasts were perfect, a breast man's dream to say the least. Suddenly she dropped her rag on the floor and bent over to pick it up. Tiny beads of sweat oozed from my forehead as I witnessed the loveliest view of her ass straining against the skintight denim fabric. I could tell right off that underneath those jeans was a perfect panty-less camel-toed pussy. The outline of it was clear and present before my lustful eyes.

That is when it began. She turned and caught me gawking at her behind and flashed a smile that I perceived to be an invitation to a brand new adventure. She strolled back over and sat my coffee down in front of me and to my surprise pulled out a chair and sit down across from me. "So, Cowboy what brings you up from the coast?"

"I'm trying to write a story, but I have no ideas yet."

"You a writer?"

"Well, I try." She leaned forward and placed her elbows on the table and her breasts fell forward exposing a well-defined cleavage. Her beautiful long brunette hair fell around her shoulders like a cascading waterfall. I wanted her so bad I could taste it. I closed my laptop and placed it back in its case, sipped my coffee, and continued to drink in her beauty.

I had no clue of what I should do to, what's the word?--hit on this lovely lady. 

I just sat there trying not to look like a pervert. Then she spoke words that caused my breath to shudder. "I get off at two; we could go for a walk down by the river. Would you like that?" I sat there in a state of shock, but I was aroused by the thought. I wasn't aware of the bulge in my pants until I saw her glimpsing at it. Her gaze switched to my eyes and I saw pure passion dancing around inside her bedroom eyes. 

"I would love to walk with you. What is your name, sweetheart?" 

"Oh, I'm sorry--It's Sherrie and yours?"

"I'm Danny, glad to meet you, Sherrie."

The walk along the river was pleasant. I told my new friend about how I had researched this river and had learned that the Comanche Indian once watered their horses and camped along its banks many years before. Time went on and I broke the ice by holding her soft delicate hand in mine. I was getting so turned on by every movement of her luscious body that I was at the breaking point. "Your place or mine?" I boldly asked, then added, "Since I don't have a place yet, I guess it should be yours. Do you mind?" 

"I thought you'd never ask. Sure, I don't mind at all," she said with a sexy voice. I followed her back up to the main street and two blocks from where I had left my truck was her house. It was small and modestly decorated, but suitable for what we had in mind. 

I wasted no time getting to know her sexually. The minute that the door closed behind us, I gathered her into my arms and held her breasts against my chest as I kissed her deep and hard. Our tongues danced wildly inside our mouths like sex starved school kids on a first date. I tore at her blouse blindly trying to figure out how to get it off without tearing it. The bra was easy. I unsnapped it with a masterful jerk and those beautiful tits bounced out and fell in place on her chest. I grabbed one almost immediately and caressed it while we continued to kiss.

I danced her toward what I thought to be the bedroom and just at the edge of her four-poster bed; we separated long enough to remove our remaining clothes. My dick was at full attention as I gazed upon her magnificent female form. I scooped her up into my arms again and she stood on her tiptoes as she reached for my lips. My hand slowly caressed down her back until it found the softness of her ass and then I squeezed her buttocks tenderly. I could hear her breathing hard as I groped her bottom.

I threw an arm under her and picked her up off her feet. I laid her gently on the bed and climbed up alongside her as we embraced again. I kissed her face, her eyes, her ears, her neck, and her parted lips until I was flying somewhere in space. My hand held her right tit as my left fingertip caressed its contour. I circled her swollen areola tenderly as I flipped at the nipple. I could feel her contracting from my touch and watched as her areola wrinkled with delight and her nipple became firm and erect. I wanted to suck on them, to nurse them like a baby, but not until I had caressed them properly. Time is important to properly stimulate a woman's breasts. Too soon or too rough is sometimes a turn off to some women, I recalled from my studies.

Finally, when I could feel her writhing beneath me, I lowered my head and took one of her nipples into my mouth. I sucked and flipped my tongue on it until it was bright red and perky. Her hand was closed around my penis and she tugged at it with a grip that almost caused an early eruption but I tuned out the pleasure while I concentrated on her fantastic body. I caressed every inch of it from her head to her toes exploring every private tender spot.

I raised myself up and climbed over her in the 69 position. I could feel her pull my dick into her mouth as I lowered my head to her sweet spot. She was dripping with secretion, a warm clear sticky love honey that smelled of raw sex. I blew hot breath over it as her pungent smell rose to my nostrils and then like an animal, I dove in for my feast. I licked, kissed, and sucked every drop of her nectar until her body was rising up to meet my mouth. I could hear her gagging on my dick as she took all of its length into her throat. 

At that moment, she pushed me off and sat up. Her pretty brown hair was mussed about her face and her makeup was running down her cheeks that were wet with spittle and precum. "Fuck me, Cowboy--fuck me hard--fuck me like a wild pony--break me--ride me like a little slut cunt whore--Please, Danny!

I went wild at that point. I have never had a woman talk to me like that and I was instantly turned on to the point of madness. I jumped out of the bed and walked over to her dresser draws where I found several pair of pantyhose. I walked back over and jerked her out of the bed by the arm roughly. "Get up you little bitch I am gonna fuck the shit out of you!" I couldn't believe what I had just said. I wasn't Don Juan--I was freakin' Dr. Jekyll, but I was higher than I had ever been with a woman and I was going to take it to its limit. 

I pushed her to the foot of the bed where the two smaller posts protruded upward and stretched out her arms. I tied each of her wrists tightly to the post with the hosiery. Then I lifted her right foot and placed it on the edge of the footboard tying it tightly as well--then her left foot in the same fashion. She hung there like a little spider climbing up a wall. Her ass stuck out delightfully and I was about to have my way with it.

I stepped back to admire her perfectly rounded ass that hung there helplessly. I walked over and swatted it hard with my flat hand. Then I gathered her long hair into my hand and jerked her head back as I whispered in her ear. "I'm gonna spank you --you little wench. What do you think about that?

"No, baby fuck me--Fuck my wet tight cunt--that's what I want!!"

"Shut up! You're a bad little girl, a nasty mouthed little slut. I'm gonna teach you to be a good girl." With that having been said, I spanked her good and hard on each of her soft wiggly buttocks watching her squirm and kick at each well-placed swat. 

I stopped when I saw that her bottom was nice and red. A long string of secretion hung from her pussy that told me that the spanking had been very sensual for her. I realized that she was a virgin to spanking and I might have introduced her to a whole new world of pleasure by mere accident. 

I reached up, grabbed her tits, and pulled at them--pinching the nipples in my fingers-- milking them. Her bottom was pressing against my cock and she wiggled her ass against it seemingly trying to insert it in her wet pussy. I teased her by just letting the head of it rub along its wet lips and poke at her swollen clit. 

Then I plunged it in to its end with a mighty thrust. "Oh, yes--yes--yes. Fuck me--fuck me hard--mmmmmmm--God you're so fuckin' big!!" I lost track of time being plunged into a perfect world of ecstasy. I counted at least 10 orgasms from her each with a screaming shaking convulsing climax. This woman was hot and so damn sexy. 

I rubbed her clit as I fucked her hard. I bounced her bottom up and down on my cock until she exploded with the most beautiful squirt I had ever seen. A wash of secretion flowed from her warm pussy and splashed over my hard throbbing dick. I untied her and she collapsed down onto the bed. I drug her to the center of the bed and spread her legs wide. I mounted her missionary style and she expertly wrapped her luscious legs around my back. She kneaded my balls as I fucked her wildly. When I came it was so intense that I thought I would drown her with my cum. I was aiming for her beautiful tits, but she had sperm in her hair, her eyes, and in her mouth. I collapsed on top of her and she held me tight like a little child.

Later we showered together and I explored her body more with a soapy sponge. I was going to fuck her again after supper. I was going to fuck her as many times as I could before I had to leave for my little office were I could write my next best-selling erotic novel, but then again I may never leave. Why should I go back there where I am not appreciated for my abilities? I should just stay her and fuck Miss Sherrie forever. It's possible--anything is possible in fiction.

THE END