 I hadn't seen Jill in about 2 years, so I was real excited when I received her email saying she would be in town and would like to catch up. Almost our entire Senior year of college we hooked up-- well, I guess, fucked ourselves silly would be a better description. The more we fucked, the dirtier it all became, and we just couldn't get enough of each other; that is, until, she graduated and accepted a job out on the West Coast. And now, she's gonna be here in three weeks. I knew what I had to do.

***

As soon as I heard the doorbell I sprang off the couch. I was real excited to see Jill, and couldn't wait for what might be in store. I mean, let's face it: I never heard anything from her or her friends about Jill having a boyfriend or husband, so I knew things would be fun. When I opened the door I wasn't disappointed at all. 

Jill is 5 foot 8 and probably weighs around 115. She has flaming red hair, a killer body and a set of perfect tits. All of this was evident from the tight sea blue designer t-shirt she was wearing and matching short skirt. I couldn't wait to fuck her. 

"Oh my God, I can't believe I'm here!" Jill exclaimed as she jumped into my arms and gave me a big hug. "It's been too long. And you look great!" 

"I look great? Look at you Jill! Wow!" Jill smiled and laughed as I led her inside and shut the door. Usually her smile just melts me, but today, it was stirring my cock awake. And taking a peak at her little, curvy ass didn't hurt either. She was hotter then before, no doubt growing into a woman perfectly. I had to have her at that moment. I mean, we were gonna fuck anyway, why delay?

"So, are you gonna give me a tour of your home or --" I cut her off right there. This hot red head standing in front of me, with those damn perky tits, was killing me.

"Listen, Jill," I said as I moved closer to her, putting my hands on her hips. "When you told me you were coming I was real excited. We had some good times, huh?" She smiled as I said this. "But now we can add to all that. Right?" She laughed seductively at me. 

"Well, I guess I can skip the tour for now," she said as she stepped into me, our bodies touching. "You know I've been dreaming about swallowing your cum." Yup, to say Jill has a cum fetish would be an understatement. She always said it was only with me. That for some reason she had started swallowing after only doing it 2 or 3 times before. And the more we fucked that Senior year, the more she became addicted. And now, as we were kissing, tongues meshed together and my right hand massaging her tits, I broke away. 

"Jill, guess what I haven't done since you emailed me." I looked at her as faint confusion crossed her face. 

"I don't know. What?"

"Since you wrote that you were coming, I haven't jacked off once."

"But that was like three weeks ago! You haven't jacked off once?"

"Nope, I was saving it all for you."

"Oh my god, I'm so wet right now. Please fuck my face." 

Grinning ear to ear we stripped our clothes off in a flash, with Jill leaving her panties on. She grasped my cock, which had almost grown to its full height and thick girth. "I've missed your thick meat so much," she said before we kissed once more as she stroked me.

"I thought you were a vegetarian!" She laughed and smiled. Such a beautiful girl.

"I am! I don't eat meat! I just like to lick yours." Such a dirty girl. We kissed once more before she lowered herself onto her knees on a pile of our clothes in my front hallway. I don't think we moved more then 5 feet from the front door. 

"Now, I'm warning you Jill. I haven't jacked off in three weeks. This is gonna be real quick and there's gonna be a lot."

"Oh, I know. There's always a lot to begin with, so I know now there'll be a ton. I'm ready," she said with a smile and flicked her tongue at the head of my cock. I was completely hard now; long and very thick. She began planting kisses on my head and shaft, mixing in a little tongue. Then she licked my shaft several times, from the base to the head before taking me her hot mouth. I could feel her breath and wet tongue as she moved up and down on the first half of my dick, gently sucking on it. This was becoming too much, my hands were clenched at my side. She took my cock out of her mouth and held it against my stomach and started licking and sucking on my balls. I placed my left hand on her red hair and let out a soft moan. She returned to sucking my dick, this time moving and sucking a little faster. She took my other hand and moved it to her hair. I knew what this meant. With my two hands on her head, and her hands on my thighs, I began fucking her beautiful face. I was speeding it up, never quit putting my entire length in, while seeing saliva leak out of her mouth. I was getting real close.

"I gotta see my cum. I wanna cum on your tits," I said, breathing hard. Jill moaned and instantly shot a hand into her panties to rub her wet pussy. The more I fucked her face, the faster she rubbed, the louder the wet sounds of her cunt became. This sent me over. Leaving one hand on her head, I took my cock out with the other as I started blasting my cum onto her tits. I rubbed my cock furiously as I watched rope after rope of cum hit and cover Jill's tits. Her hand was moving furiously in her panties. 

"That's it. Cover my tits in cum. Oh yeah," she moaned as she grabbed my cock out of my hand and continued jacking it, sending what seemed like an endless amount of creamy cum onto her tits. "I love your cum," Jill whispered which was followed with moans as her hand slowed down and the force of my cum shots eased up. She rubbed my cock slowly, letting the last bit leak out. She held my thick cock in her hand, over her tits, as we both surveyed the damage. Her tits were a mess. Simply covered in my cum. More then either of us imagined for sure. Her tits were covered in a thick sheen of cum, with a lot more slowly leaking down her cleavage onto her stomach. 

I moved forward once more and let my cock drop onto her tits, holding it by the base and smearing it over her chest. My hard cock was being covered in my own cum. I raised it up towards Jill's mouth and she hungrily opened, sucking my cock clean. Once Jill finished, I went back to work, wiping her tits clean with my dick, which she then cleaned off herself by using her tongue and mouth. I noticed a big glob of creamy cum that had built up near her bellybutton and bend down for a second. I scooped it up with two fingers and as I leaned in to give Jill a deep kiss, making sure she could feel my tongue, I reached into her panties and rubbed her sopping wet cunt with my cum covered fingers. Wow, no one gets as wet as this girl. Her pussy was absolutely on fire; just soaking wet, warm, and feeling so good rubbing it, mixing her and my juices together. I stood straight up again and rubbed my balls on the last remaining pools of cum on her tits. Jill returned a hand inside her panties and continued rubbing her cunt as she took my shaft and began stroking it slowly. Tilting her head slightly, she took my balls in her mouth and sucked the cum off them. 

"God Jill, I missed your mouth."

"I missed your cum. I'm hoping you have more. I've been planning where I want it all. And I still haven't even felt your cock in your pussy!"

"Don't worry, I always have more for you. And be careful what you wish for. Pretty soon your pussy is gonna be sore from the pounding." Jill began laughing.

"Bring it on big boy!" she said as she stood and we kissed. "Let's take a shower. I miss shower sex."

"Let's go."

I led her into my bedroom and then the master bathroom. As we were waiting for the hot water we embraced and made out as I felt her ass over her panties. I reached inside and groped her perfect ass before moving my hand and rubbing her cunt from underneath her ass. At the same time I used this position to press her against my hard cock, letting her feel my thick shaft. I then peeled her underwear off and we stepped into the water.

I pressed her against the wall and began sucking on her tits, kissing them all over while using my fingers to tease her nipples. Her quiet moans and hot breath on my ears told me I was doing a good job. I then took a nipple in my mouth and greedily sucked it while slightly biting down. Her hand sneaked down between us and grabbed my meat, feeling it up and down slowly while also groping my balls. I lifted Jill's right leg up, with her back still against the wall, exposing her pussy. Jill guided my dick to her opening, doubly wet now, and I stepped forward, slowly sending my cock inside her.

"Aahhh, that's it. I need your cock." 

"Mmpphh," I replied, too busy to pry my mouth off her firm and perky tits. I began pushing a little bit harder now, feeling her hot and super tight cunt on my dick. 

"Give me your big cock. I want your thick cock!" She was really starting to get dirty now, so I just had to oblige. With my cock not all the way in yet, I pulled out before abruptly pounding her back in, to the hilt, with my balls slapping her.

"Yes, that's it!" she gripped my shoulder and I began fucking her in earnest, pounding away at her glorious cunt, one leg lifted up and my balls smacking her pussy lips. I pulled out after a few minutes of pounding and Jill instantly squatted and took my tool into her mouth, sucking it deep. Before I knew it, my dick was resting in her throat, feeling amazing as I felt her throat muscles tightening around me. Then she retreated, letting my dick feel air again, before taking it all once more. This time she had a surprise for me, snaking her tongue out underneath my shaft and licking my balls. What an amazing girl!

I got her to her feet and spun her around, slamming my cock into her from behind. Holding her strongly, I pounded her hard, making sure she felt me. In and out my cock went, filling her completely as she pressed her hands to the wall. I grabbed a bottle of body soap and squirted it onto her ass cheeks.

"Are you doing what I think you're doing?"

"If you think I'm about to shove my fat cock into your ass, then you're right."

"Please pump my ass full of cum! Do it do it." She seemed really excited, so what was I supposed to do but shove two fingers into her really tight hole. Jill grunted like a bitch in heat and I forcefully fucked her asshole with my fingers, getting it ready for the main course. I withdrew my fingers and lined up my cock and pressed the head in. Her beautiful ass looked perfect and staring at her tiny asshole made me only hornier. Imagining my throbbing meat nestled in there seemed impossible.

Jill began mixing grunt and groans as little by little of my manhood entered her ass. I reached forward and with one hand grabbed a tit, and with the other began rubbing her pussy.

"How do you feel Jill? You like my cock?"

"Fuck yeah. You like my ass? Fuck my ass baby. Oh yeah." 

Her ass, unbelievably tight, sucked my cock in deeper, milking it for the cum. Finally I was all the way in, my balls resting gingerly on her pussy lips.

"You ready?"

"I want your cum so badly!" That's all I needed and began fucking her ass. Slowly I sped up and while still groping her tit (and pinching that nipple) and rubbing her cunt. As my cock began moving more easily in and out of her ass, I straightened up and grabbed Jill by the hips. Holding her this way, seeing her beautiful body laid out in front of me, I counted my lucky stars and started pounding her ass. Her moans and grunts filled the bathroom as the water continued falling on us, washing her ass and my cock. 

"That's it baby," I said, "Suck that cum out of my cock. Fuck, your ass is tight." My balls were violently slapping her pussy lips now. The wet noises of this, heightened by being in the shower, drove me to fuck her harder. I could feel the cum straining to leave my balls.

"I'm about to cum. Oh yeah," my grip tightened on her hips, "I'm about to cum in your ass." Before the time came though, Jill pushed her ass off my cock, spun around, and swallowed my cock. This shocked me. She had never done this before, taking my cock straight from her ass. She had done everything before, but had always been adamant about not doing this exact thing. Now, though, here she was with my cock that had just fucked her ass, in her mouth. If nothing else, this caused me to blow my load. I pumped my cock into her mouth, aided by her hand on my ass pushing me forward, unloading a river of cum down her throat. I kept fucking her mouth, continuously dumping my load of thick, creamy cum. Finally I felt the last rope leave my cock. Her hand stayed pressed against my ass, her mouth stayed clamped on my cock. I saw her throat muscles move and felt her strong swallow as the huge amount of cum I deposited in her mouth made it's way down.

Jill stood up with a huge smile on her face and walked out of the bathroom into the bedroom. I leaned against the cold tile wall, catching my breath. This girl was wearing me out!

"Are you coming?" Jill called out from the other side. I looked down at my half hard cock. Well, if it has to be done...

I walked into the room and saw, on the bed, Jill on all fours with her ass and pussy facing me. She looked back at me as a hand snaked between her legs and played with her pussy. Then she moved to her ass, sliding a finger in before going back to her pussy. I could see her cunt juice on her skin. She slowly began fucking herself but stopped, took out her finger, and sucked it clean.

"You sure you don't want any, baby?" I was on my knees facing her dripping cunt within seconds. I grabbed her by the thighs and mashed my face into her pussy, sucking her dry, wanting all her juice. She started humping back into my face as I stuck my tongue into her like a cock. I pressed a finger into her ass and began fucking her with it, all the while sucking on her clit and licking her whole pussy. 

"You wanna cum on my face?" I asked her. "You wannna fuck my face with your cunt?"

"Yes," Jill breathed, "I wanna cum on you. Fuck this feels so good." She crawled forward, allowing me to get on the bed on my back. She moved backwards with her pussy hovering over my face. It was glorious. This was girl was dripping wet. I could see her juice surrounding her fuckhole and I wanted it all. She lowered her cunt onto my mouth and I instantly stuck my tongue up and began alternating between fucking her with it and sucking on her. She tasted delicious as she fucked my face, grinding her cunt hard against me, smearing her juices over me. As she kept fucking my face, I reached up and grabbed her tits, squeezing them and pinching her nipples as she Jill kept moaning.

"Uh, I'm gonna cum, Uh, I'm gonna cum, uuuuuu!" Jill came hard, pounding her pussy onto my mouth. I could taste her cum as Jill slowed down until she came to a stop pussy still smothering me. She swung a leg off me and looked down, maybe the first time in five minutes her eyes were open.

"Oh my God," she giggled, "you're covered with my juice!"

"I know, I like it!" Jill smiled and leaned down, kissing and licking her own juices off my face before moving to my mouth, kissing me. Her hand reached down and grasped my thick meat.

"It feels as if someone is back in business." 

"Yup, and now I'm gonna pound your mouth like it's your pussy." 

"You know that's what gets me wet."

"Speaking of which..." I leaned over Jill on the bed, getting her flat on her back. I spread her legs apart and rubbed my cock over her pussy.

"I wanna give you something extra to taste," I said before guiding my cock into her pussy nice and slow, feeling its tightness after just cumming. Thank god she came so much, my cock fit so nicely in there. Warm, wet sensations engulfed my dick as I slowly pumped her a few times. Every time I was buried myself completely, my balls would squish against her cunt, collecting her juice. After pulling out I saw what I wanted; a nice whitish coating of her cum on my cock. 

"This looks good. I can't wait to see you eat it," I said to Jiil. She just stared with hungry eyes and lightly felt her tits. I got off the bed and grabbed her by the legs and pulled her toward me while spinning her around. Her head now rest slightly off the bed. She moved a hand to her pussy.

"That's it, rub your cunt for me. You want my cock?"

"Yes," Jill said. That wasn't enough.

"Yes? That's it? C'mon," I said while I rubbed the base of my cock, shiny from her pussy, a few inches from her face. "Tell me what you want."

"I want your cock." Her hand began moving slightly faster on her clit.

"My cock? Where?"

"I want it in my mouth." I started rubbing my dick a bit harder while stepping closer.

"You want what in your mouth?

"I want your cock in my mouth!" Her legs were gyrating, fucking the air.

"What?" I said mockingly.

"Fuck my mouth with your thick cock!" she practically screamed.

As I instantly stepped to meet her waiting mouth, she grabbed me by the back of my thighs and guided me forcefully. As I leaned forward towards her pussy, I buried my cock down her throat in one motion, feeling her tongue tickle my balls while her throat tightened around me. With my arms supporting me on the bed, I withdrew my cock before plunging it back in. Her furious fingering of herself only made me hotter, as I could see clearly her cunt was gushing with juice. What had become a nice, hard fucking of her mouth by my cock, had now become what I said: a pounding. Wet sounds of my cock in her throat and tongue became audible, along with the thud of my balls on her face. Saliva was leaking out of her mouth, mixing with her own cunt juice that was sliding of my balls from the heat. All Jill did was take it with some moans and a finger starting a fire in her pussy. 

I reached down with one hand and grabbed a tit, feeling it hard as my cock and balls continued its assault. This had made Jill really start to moan. I was feeling the cum rise from my balls, ready to be dumped in her throat. I quickly pulled out and planted my soaking balls in her mouth. She hungrily accepted, sucking my balls clean with her tongue and mouth. But I had other thoughts for where I wanted this load.

After forcing my cock once more down her throat, keeping my wet balls resting on her face for a moment, I withdrew and placed her head back squarely onto the bed. Her beautiful face was just that, but with a slight twist. Now Jill had a mixture of cunt juice, saliva and sweat all over her face. What was she doing about this? Well, as she looked up at me she stuck out her tongue to collect whatever fluid she felt around her mouth. 

"Are you gonna fuck me?" she asked.

"What do you want?"

"I want you to cum in me."

"Where?"

"Surprise me." Sounded great to me. I lined my cock up with her cunt and entered her slowly, before right away beginning to pound. I was fucking her violently now and she was loving it. Eyes open, faced covered in juices, starting at me, Jill moaned unable to speak. I placed my hands under her ass and tilted her up more before pulling my cock all the way out. 

"Put it in your ass,' I said. She held my cock and placed my head at her asshole. My cock was so wet from her cunt that only a little effort was needed to push it in. I worked my dick into her tight asshole until my balls were touching her. Then, in her favorite position, missionary, I fucked her ass slowly before speeding up. I leaned forward and grabbed a tit, leading it to meet my hungry mouth. I slobbered on it while pounding her ass. Leaving her tit, I moved to kiss her, our tongues hitting each other forcefully. In one motion I pulled out of her ass, feeling it suck me hard, and returned on the down stroke to her pussy, slamming in. This caught Jill by surprise and she moaned loudly as my thick dick assaulted her. 

Jill was unbelievably hot with her pussy on fire, soaking me, while both of our juices soaked her face. She reached under and grasped my balls, feeling them softly as I fucked her. This instantly jolted me and I began pumping her pussy full of my load. Shots of cum continued entering her cunt as she kept rubbing my balls. Slowly we both stopped, out of breath, facing each other. My cock, still lodged in her cunt, felt the juices against her walls. 
