 I stood ringing the doorbell at my old classmate Nita's house. I had not seen her since I was a teenager and remembered that, when I was growing up, she was fine. Having developed early in life, even as a teenager, she had a body that stopped traffic in boys and men. I used to go to bed at night at night with an erection and had many wet dreams about fucking the young teenaged girl. But at that time, I could never get to her because her parents kept her on a tight leash and didn't allow her to date. Then we had both graduated and I had gone into the military and she went off to school. Recently I had been assigned to a base in San Diego and found out from old friends that Nita lived there in town. I got her address from her parents and now I stood at the door, hoping that she was half as fine as she used to be. 

I was not disappointed. When Nita answered the door, I opened my eyes. Before me stood a woman of incredible beauty – large, dark brown eyes with high cheekbones. Nita had grown from a sexy teenager into a beautiful black woman with a dancer's body. Her wide-mouthed smile exposed full, sensual lips that I knew would be good for kissing and sucking. Her hair, swept back into a French-braid, was long, dark and thick. Her delicious dark brown body was covered by a black sweater dress that could not hide full, upraised, well separated, voluptuous chocolate-colored breasts that threatened to burst out of the top of the dress which was unbuttoned three buttons from the top. The material could not hide a full, well rounded ass and the longest, luscious, well-developed legs I had ever seen, covered in dark stockings with 4" high stiletto heels. When we hugged, I pulled the woman's body close to me, enjoying the feel of it for a few minutes before letting her go. 

As we walked over to the couch, I watched Nita's well-rounded asscheeks with growing lust, their curvaceous swell jutting out as they swung back and forth before she turned and sat down. As the sensual woman laughed and talked about the good old days, it was all I could do to keep my erect cock from being noticed. During the conversation, Nita told me that her husband was an executive who traveled out of town on work assignments for days, sometimes even for weeks. Upon hearing this, I smiled to myself as an evil plan hatched in my mind, a plan that would allow me to fuck this old classmate in all of her holes!

As my wife Jen (short for Jennifer) had been out-of-town for several weeks dealing with some estate planning issues involving her grandfather, I had plenty of free time to get into Nita's and her husband's confidence. I even took Nita and her husband out to dinner one night and talked about Jen so that the husband didn't start suspecting me of my perverse plan. He was actually happy that Nita had a friend from the old days to talk with and asked me to look out for her when he was traveling. Little did he know the smile that I gave him was one of perverse plans to fuck his big-titted, big-legged wife! Over the next few weeks, I took advantage of all the time Nita's husband was out of town to get closer to my old classmate. We began to meet after work and started doing happy hours together. As she started feeling more comfortable with me, Nita began to share more intimate things about her relationship with her husband. 

Being a smart and experienced seducer of women, I would allow Nita to say whatever she wanted about her relationship and would gently prod her when she was disappointed or angry with anything her husband did or said; then I would give her advice that would be sympathetic to whatever anger she was feeling, always being on her side. Knowing women the way that I do, it was clear that she would take what I said back home to her empty house and think about it alone, always believing that my opinions were objective. In reality, I was saying whatever was needed to fuck this sexy woman with the long, well-developed Soul Train dancer's legs. While it was apparent that she was dedicated to her man, I could also tell that the luscious ebony woman was a passionate creature needing physical love as much as possible. I would turn that to my advantage as well. 

Noticing that the sensual woman was attracted to my rock-hard physique, I took every advantage to expose my well-muscled body to Nita. Being active-duty military and part of a combat control squadron, my fitness regimen had resulted in arms that were more ropes of brown steel then just muscle, a well-developed hairy chest, and thighs were rippled cords of muscle. Whenever we were together, I would notice her eyes drifting over my muscled legs, well-defined abs, and muscled arms. It was clear that my physical assets were not lost on the sensual female. Sometimes she would make comments like, "Boy, you sure work out, don't you." When she made these comments, I would smile because I knew my plan to make her think more about me was working. I would soon turn that to my advantage!

It happened sooner than I had anticipated. About six weeks later, I received a call from Nita and could tell, just by the sound of her voice, that she was upset. Knowing that her husband was out of town for the next two weeks, I immediately asked if she wanted some company. When she told me yes because she was tired of being alone today, I hung up the phone and said, "Yes!"

When Nita opened the door, I grunted internally at the woman who stood before me. The delicious piece of ass was dressed in a white cotton sundress that had a wrap skirt which allowed the dress to come open all the way up to the hips. She was braless and the straps holding up the sexy beauty's large breasts were straining as her huge coffee colored breasts were almost bursting out of the top of the dress, outlined by the bustline of the soft cotton that clung to them and her long, bare, flawless muscled legs. Her large nipples, even when soft, were noticeably outlined in the soft cotton material. Meanwhile, I could feel Nita's eyes sweeping over my taut, muscled frame as I stood there in a white tank top and a pair of khaki shorts, knowing that she was not missing any part of my body. Finally she broke her silence by saying, "I'm glad you called. I needed someone to talk with. Let's get out of here." While she turned to get her purse, I rubbed my swollen crotch – I definitely planned to fuck Nita's pussy tonight!

We went down to a lounge and started to talk. Nita was drinking much more than normal and ranting angrily about how her old man had called earlier and had told her that he had just taken on additional assignments and would be gone another three months. She talked about being upset because her old man had already been gone for three months straight, only spending one weekend a month between trips. She understood that his company was downsizing and he was trying to keep his job by taking additional assignments that would enhance his value to the company. 

However, she felt that he was putting everything ahead of her and said that she was supposed to be as important as his job. She talked about how much she missed being intimately physically with her man which, of course, meant being fucked. As she became even more agitated talking about her situation, the top of her sundress rose and fell with her breathing, her large breasts riding her chest high and proud with no hint of sag in them. She kept crossing and uncrossing her long, beautiful legs, the split in her sundress falling apart allowing me to admire the shapely thighs and calves of Nita's big legs. Her softly muscled thighs brought fantasies of being between them or maybe fucking the woman from behind, doggy-style. 

Sensing the woman's horniness and the opportunity, I suggested that get out of the lounge and head back to my house to chill out. When she agreed, she had no idea that I was grinning inside, knowing that tonight everything I had wanted had fallen into place - I had gotten her inebriated, she was emotional and horny, and she really needed to be fucked. I planned to make sure she'd be getting that real soon and could hardly wait to ram my swollen cock between the girl's big legs! 

When we returned to my house, I invited her in and locked the door behind her. As we sat on the couch, I allowed Nita, now very inebriated, to start talking again about her disappointment and anger with her husband. Using the comfort and the confidentiality of our relationship, I started now to push Nita's emotional buttons regarding her frustrations with her husband. Soon the tears began to flow and that was what I had been waiting for.

Moving over to Nita, I put my arms around her and held her tight while she cried. "Oh, you're the only one I can talk to about this; I'm so glad you're here." We held each other for a long time, with me gently rubbing Nita's soft shoulders and arms, noticing that nipples were now erect. I gently kissed the sexy black female on the forehead, and then on the cheek and started to move down her face. Nita felt the changes in my body as well as her own as she started to become aroused. 

"N . . .Nooooo . . . we can't . . . Ohhhhhhhh . . . Noooooo . . . my husband . . ." her voice drifted away as I kissed the woman for the first time on the lips, savoring the warm sweetness of her mouth. Nita's sensual lips quivered with passion; they were even better than I had imagined – warm, soft, and full of growing desire. "Noooooo . . . Noooooo . . . . . . Oh . . .Don't . . . ," groaned the sensual black woman as her lips started to respond, against her will, she pressed her hand against my rock hard chest and pecs to push me away, only to let her hands slide slowly down onto the ripples on my six-pack abdomen. "Ooooooohhhhhhh . . ." moaned the now lust-filled Nita, her body aroused by the sexuality of her well-built classmate.

 I moved one of my large hands to Nita's top and pulled it down in one motion springing forth two big, beautiful breasts, tipped with large, dark areolas and hard, inch-long dark brown nipples. Placing them in my mouth, I immediately felt the passion in Nita's body and I began to slowly suck on her delicious tits, while rubbing the swollen cunt lips of Nita's wet, juicy pussy through her panties. "Ohhhhhhhh . . . ," groaned the delicious Nita, her cunt starting to suck wind as the sexy woman was slowly being transformed into a slut wife, completely under my spell. I slowly forced her hand down onto my pulsing bulge of flesh between my thighs. "Noooooo . . . we mustn't . . . Ohhhhhh!" gasped the woman as I pulled down my zipper with one hand, the huge hose of penis springing free as I placed her small hand on it, barely able to fit her delicate fingers around it. "Ohhhhh!," gasped Nita, "It's so biggg . . Ohhhhhh!" as her fingers closed around it, massaging its girth and length, gently and involuntarily, as I continued to kiss her warm, succulent mouth. 

Using my other hand, I undid the wrap of Nita's dress, pulling it open to reveal her long, flawless muscular dancer's legs with soft leopard-print high-cut thong panties guarding the entrance to her treasure, a thick black bush of hair bulged out the crotch with curly wisps protruding from the around the edges, but unable to obscure the swollen outline of a cunt split proudly defiant and evident in her panties. Standing and picking up the delicious piece of female sex, I took her back to the bedroom and tossed her on the bed, looking down at my prize for the evening: a groaning sexy black married woman on her stomach with her fat, delicious ass up in the air rotating with lust, accentuated by her tiny waist and her huge breasts that, now lying on top of them, spread out on both sides of her body, refusing to be flattened, acting as two huge pillows propping her body up. I palmed my meat again, this time grinning. Time to fuck this married black bitch in all her holes!

Pulling her off the bed and onto her knees, I stood before her and pulled off my clothes, exposing my body to the horny woman for the first time. When I dropped my shorts, Nita gasped softly as, lodged between my thighs was a huge and horny, semi-erect nine inch sausage, thick in circumference with a set of tennis ball sized gonads looking to fuck the lust-filled female. Positioning myself right in front of a mesmerized Nita, I commanded, "Suck!" as the bulbous head of my massive cock slapped gently against her face, then bobbed on her full, cocksucking lips. Grabbing her head, I thrust forward and groaned in pleasure as my girth entered the warm, wet oral cavity of another man's wife!

Nita gagged initially, then, out of force of habit with her husband, started to suck the huge slab of meat that was swelling even more in her mouth, her lips struggling to keep the expanding penis from stretching her small, well-shaped mouth too wide. "Suck that big black Hose, Nita Baby! Make it hard so that it can fuck that good pussy of yours. Suck!" I snarled and I knew Nita could feel it becoming thicker and fatter in her mouth, stretching her fat lips as she began to suck faster and faster. 

The feeling of my cock swelling in her mouth was extremely erotic to her, knowing that she could control the size and width of my large member with her mouth. Involuntarily, Nita placed her small soft hands on my rock-hard thighs and, opening her lips wider, began massaging the big black peter with her warm, juicy mouth. I knew she could feel my meaty shaft swelling even larger as it stretched her lips wider and tighter while my penis continued to grow inside her mouth. Her oral talents were so good that my hips bucked intensely towards her face and my swinging balls slapped against her the soft cheeks of her beautiful face, contorted by the swollen cock in her mouth. Reaching down, I fingered the woman's large, swollen clit, bringing a groan from the hot, sucking bitch. I slid a thick finger into her juicy twat and was immediately rewarded by a moan of growing pleasure telling me that now Nita would give me any type of wild sex that I could imagine!

My perverse excitement grew as I watched another man's wife grasp my blood engorged cock right at its thick base, engulfing the long, thick sausage with her full, sensual lips and started to suck the rapidly swelling tube steak with wild abandon. As Nita's mouth slipped up and down my huge cock, I groaned with lusty pleasure, my hands grasping her hair and thrust her face forward as another man's sexy black bitch sucked my distended cock into her hungry mouth. "You like sucking the big dick, bitch!" I grunted as I watched the beautiful ebony slut wife deep-throat my rock hard member. Back came Nita's muffled reply, "Ohhhh . . .Yeesssssss . . . tastes real good!" as her sweet full lips twisted tightly around my large dong, her passion growing as fast as my blood engorged member.

Continuing to grasp the long, dark thick hair of Nita's head, I pulled her full-lipped mouth down onto the huge mass of tubular flesh between my pistoning thighs and sank it to the hilt in her succulent mouth! Nita's uncontrolled lust took over and the cheeks of her mouth hollowed in as if she was a new born baby sucking on her mother's tit. The now brand new hot blooded slut-wife formed an "O" with her mouth, and I had to give her husband credit; combined with the gifts she had been born with, including a set of soup coolers, tits, and legs that porn directors pray for in their actresses, he had trained her to be an expert cock-sucker; now another man was reaping the rewards of his hard work as I felt my cockhead at the back of her throat. I could tell that my grunts of sexual pleasure were exciting the slut-wife as she drew her mouth back up the length of my swollen, uncircumcised sausage. I pulled the long bobby pin from her hair and the buxom ebony female's long, black, hair fell past her shoulders. She was a vision of erotic loveliness as she continued to suck my swollen cock with lust filled passion. 

Holding her down with one hand, I pulled her leopard print thong panties down her long beautiful gams and began to tongue fuck her succulent pussy, bringing the already hot Nita to orgasm within seconds, grasping the bed sheets hard as she moaned with uncontrollable pleasure. I had restrained myself as long as possible, but now I needed to fuck more than her hot, wet sucking mouth. Pulling away from her full lips with a sucking "Pop" sound, I pushed the woman's big legs apart to expose a gaping, wet sex hole opening surrounded by a thick bush of hair, sucking wind. 

Smiling evilly, I sat back and roughly massaged the sexy black slut's fat ass while manipulating the swollen distended clitoris with my finger. Nita's large, sexy dark brown bedroom eyes were glazed with lust as she started to move her well-shaped hips to meet the circular motions of my thick fingers. Sensing that her orgasm was approaching its peak, I pulled my fingers away suddenly, causing Nita to groan again and beg for my now almost painfully swollen cock! I couldn't wait to give it to her cunt! 

Pulling out of her mouth with a sucking "Pop!" I grabbed her ankles and pulled her big legs apart. With one smooth stroke, I buried my cock in this Negroid slut wife all the way up to the root and groaned; it was like thrusting into a juicy, hot, wet volcano of hot female sex! My swollen cock was tightly gripped by her delicious cunt. A cunt this tight indicated to me that, in addition to her not being routinely sexed, I also believed that her old man clearly was not as large as me. Her physical response to my fucking also let me know that she was not used to a cock of this size as it slid in and out of the beautiful tight juicy hole between her big brown legs. I groaned as I couldn't believe the pleasure I was receiving; the pussy was too good, as I helped myself to the woman's 36" DD tits, enjoying the taste of Nita's plum-sized nipples as I sucked them into my mouth. After about ten slow, gentle strokes, I roughly grabbed the woman's big brownskinned ass and began to pound her, slamming my cock into Nita's oozing sex hole between her big, beautiful legs, causing her to have an almost continuous orgasm. 

I decided to show this slut-wife that my cock now controlled her body, not her husband's and that it could make another man's woman do whatever I said. "Say you love me, Nita Baby!" I snarled. Initially she resisted, but eventually her animal sexual lust was too great. "Loovvvee . . . Youuuuuuu . . .Love You . . .Eeeeeyyyyyyy!" screamed the sexy Nita breathlessly, her big breasts falling back and forth as my rock hard crotch slapped against the soft, round curves of her big buttocks, ramming the moaning woman fiercely. Her groans becoming more passionate as the expression on her face turned from passion to one of complete lust. 

The hot blooded married whore's moans became louder as her big tits rotated and slapped against each other faster and faster in rhythm. "I'm gonna fill your juicy hot cunt full of my hot white cum, Nita Baby!" as I strained to drive my growing cock even further inside the moaning woman. "Gonna fuck you so hard, you gonna leave here walking funny. Let people know I've been in your shit, fucking these big legs good and hard, right Nita Baby?" Back came her groaning reply as her voice rose in pitch to a screaming climax, "Yeeeeessssssss! Ohhhhhh . . . .Oh hell yes!" as she groaned her way to another climax.

As Nita reached back and grabbed my muscled hips, she gasped heavily as her body spasmed, wrapping her big, brown thighs around my back as the enlarged huge cock between my thighs slipped easily in and out of her juicy pussy. I started to increase my rhythm and stroke, driving my rampaging cock, glistening with her cunt juices, deeper and faster into the succulent cunt of the groaning, moaning pleading Negroid slut wife. Suddenly, Nita screamed, her whole body shuddering with orgasm, before finally collapsing onto the bed as she lay there groaning with pleasure, looking at me with glazed eyes.
