 This happened about a decade ago. I was in my early-20's at the time. It was summer and a group of us decided to give a shot at a bar tour on one of the jumping ends of our city. There were six of us, four men, two women. One of the women who would be coming was named Olivia and my god was she beautiful. I had known her for about 5 years at this point, we were pretty close. She was a smoking hot, petite redhead. She was as flat as a board and kind of tomboyish, I never knew her to wear a bra. I knew from listening to her over the years that she very much had a girly, sun-dressy type girl hiding inside, but she always felt insecure about her body. She was a big drinker and a pothead, and was the type to get very flirty and sexual when wasted. I wanted her badly, but she had always been with someone or was otherwise occupied. A couple of times we had been drunk and done the touchy flirtatious thing, but nothing had ever happened. More than once I had to save her from making a drunken mistake at a party with a guy. We liked and trusted each other.

Olivia lived on my street and I asked her to come by early so we could smoke and pregame a little. I opened up the door and was immediately struck. She was in a green dress, short and off the shoulders. It perfectly showed off her legs, her lovely form, and beautiful hair.

"Wow! You look amazing!" I said.

"Thanks! Thought I'd hot it up a little today." She responded.

Wow, had she ever. I couldn't take my eyes off her. Up her skirt, down her blouse, on her neck, her ass. I was so horny for her I was crazy. We sat down, I packed the bong. My eyes wandered over her crotch at every inhale. We had a shot of brandy and a beer. Another smoke and people were arriving. She would tell me later, but she was definitely showing off for me. At the time though, I wanted to play it cool, as she was my friend. My god, she was hitting all of my buttons. She was already getting playful and flirtatious and we hadn't even started our bar tour yet.

It was a windy day and her skirt would flutter with the breeze as we walked from place to place. She was touching me way more than normal, and I had put caution aside and started to go with it. I touched her arm, back, hips. We sat close. Our eyes often met. It was the eyes that really did it in the end. It's now about two hours in and we've hit 5-6 places, so we're starting to get a little drunk. But it's still the afternoon, and we're pretty much the only people in each place.

I'm going out of my gourd. My cock is hard, my heart is racing. The top of her blouse drops open, I have a clear view of one of her breasts. Her nipple is pink and hard, the skin is puckered, is she aroused? I look at her face, she's staring into my eyes, there's a grin on her face. My mouth is gaping, for a moment I'm paralyzed.

"Let's go downstairs," she says.

I've been to this particular place before and I know the bathrooms are in the basement. The place is empty and our group doesn't seem to even notice us get up. We are boozing after all. As we start to walk to the back of the bar, her eyes are locked on mine. Even as she descends the steps, she never loses my gaze. The downstairs is an open space, the women's room on the one side, men's on the other. There was an old-time cigarette machine, I pushed her against the smooth side as we unleashed our passion on each other. We were kissing, groping, panting, grunting, we were animals, it was amazing. I pushed my hard cock into her belly. She rubbed me through my pants. I reached under her skirt and run my finders over her pussy. She ground her hips against my hand. We were wild, out of control. She started fumbling with my belt, I pushed her hands away and did it myself. I was straining against my boxer-briefs and my cock sprung out.

She looked down, gasped, and took me with both of her hands. "Oh my god," she said. "Your cock," her eyes were still locked onto my flesh. She looked up and met my eyes again and said, "Is beautiful." That was it, something inside me snapped, no more play. I pulled her up, a surprised look on her face, and spun her around. She grabbed the sides of the cigarette machine. "Oh my god," she said. She stuck her ass out at me, I reached under her skirt and yanked her panties down to her knees. "Oh my god," again. I spread her ass checked an exposed her bare pussy for the first time. Her pussy was pink and surrounded by a light auburn hair. I let my right hand go and took hold of my cock. I pressed my head against her, and stopped just enough for her to feel the pressure on her lips. I plunged it, and sunk all the way in. We both let out a loud moan. Finally together.

I grabbed her hips and started to slowly slide in and out. It didn't take long before I was pumping her hard. Her ass shook as I thrust inside her. Her head was down, we were breathing heavily, trying to keep the noise to ourselves. I reached around and grabbed one of her tits. It was smooth against her chest, with her hard nipple raised against my fingers.

It felt like we were down there forever, but honestly it couldn't have been for more than 10 minutes. I was pumping like a madman, I could feel the orgasm coming. "Olivia," was the only thing I was able to say. My orgasm broke, I pulled out and shot rope after rope of cum onto her pussy and ass. I was quaking, grunting, growling. Finally it was over. We were panting, spent. We were both sweating as it was quite a bit hotter down here than upstairs (I hadn't noticed to this point). I turned her around, she pulled up her panties. We smiled, kissed, and laughed.

"Holy shit, that was the hottest thing I've ever done," she said. We kissed again and giggled. "Your cock is amazing!" She bit my ear. Wow. We straightened each other's hair, tried to put on a serious face, and headed back upstairs. Everyone was still sitting around talking, none the wiser.

We continued our bar tour until everyone was shitfaced. It was still early when the gang broke up. Everyone but Olivia and I went our separate ways. We went up to her apartment and fucked like wild again. Both of us were a bit hungover in the morning, so nothing else happened. We hooked up several more times over the next 18 months until she finally moved away. I've never had a FNB before or since, and to my knowledge, no one ever found out about our bar tour fuck or the times after that.