 I looked out my back window and saw him. Gavin was playing catch with his dog and all I could think about was the other night. My hand slid to my already throbbing pussy.

We had been in the pool, my fiancé was out, and Gavin and I had a heated moment between us. My clothes were off and he was hard as a rock. He picked me up, I had my legs around him and he had me pinned against the side of the pool. I could feel his heavy breathing in my ear as he was thrusting against me-not yet inside me but so close. I rubbed my pussy on his cock wanting so bad to just let him slip in. His fingers slid effortlessly inside me and he was surprised to feel that I was so incredibly wet.

Just thinking about it made me want it again even though I know it was so wrong. We didn't have sex, but I wanted to. My hand slipped down my shorts and I began playing with myself, eyes closed, imagining the pool encounter just days ago. I promised myself I'd keep myself in check with him. I wasn't about to cheat on my fiancé- we were to be married in less than a year! Yet I've never had such a strong sexual attraction to another man in my life. From the moment we moved in I've had fantasies about him.

I quick pulled out my vibrator. There was a possibility I'd see him tonight and I didn't want to be so horny that I couldn't control myself. I imagined the way he grabbed me in the pool and pleasured myself until climax. Taking a deep breath, I finished my housework and headed outside. 

Having the night to myself was my favorite. The fire-pit was so mesmerizing I got lost in thought. Half a bottle of wine in and killing it with my guitar. I barely heard him sneak up behind me. 

"What cha up to?" He asked, whiskey in hand. 

"Just getting some guitar practice in." I answered, feeling the butterflies in my stomach start.

"Sounds good. May I join?" He asked.

"Of course!" I answered. Realizing I sounded a little to eager to see him. 

An easy few glasses of wine later and the flirting started. I bent over to add to the fire and I felt him slap my ass hard. 

"Your ass is looking nice" he commented. I just smiled. I went to sit back next to him on the bench but he grabbed me by the hips pulling me to straddle him. My lips barely grazed his as I felt his hands yank my shirt up and exposed my tits from my bra. He started at them for a moment then put his mouth on them. It took me by surprise and I let out a moan. 

I took a quick look around to make sure no one was outside and then I leaned into Gavin and grinded my hips against him. I felt him pull me even closer rubbing his near rock hard cock against me. I clenched his shirt into my hands as I instantly wanted to rip his clothes off. He took another breath and picked me up. With my legs around his waist he carried me up to the deck and sat me on the table. 

I hadn't planned on this but I couldn't stop it now. 

"We shouldn't..." he whispered. 

"Please Dont stop" I whispered back. Instantly not knowing where those words came from. Who was I? 

I stood up so he was able to unbutton my shorts and slide them down to my ankles. Be threw them to the side of the deck. I started to slide his shirt up to expose his military chiseled abs. He pulled his shirt off seeing that I wanted to touch him. He got down to his boxers and I had to just stare at him for a minute. He was absolutely the sexiest man I'd ever seen. He instantly put me back on the table laying me down spreading my legs apart. I could feel myself dripping wet already. His face came in between my legs breathing heavy through my lacy thong underwear. He kissed my thighs and pulled my underwear to the side. I saw stars as he put his whole mouth on my pussy licking me in full strokes, moaning as he was doing so. I didn't know where to put my hands, how to hang my legs I was just completely in ecstasy. I could feel an orgasm creeping up. I began to moan and he quickly put a hand up over my mouth to stop me. He stopped eating me out and stood up again. 

I shot up on the table and grabbed him by the hips. There was no resisting this now. I was too far gone. I went to pull him out of his boxers but he stopped me again. 

"Please" I whisper moaned to him. 

"Not yet" he whispered back.

I could tell he was so turned on his cock was buldging through his shorts.

He led me into the house. Oh god. The house I shared with my fiancé. This was so incredibly wrong. But I no longer cared. Gavin roughly pinned me up against the counter, his hands reaching around to caress my stomach and grabbing my tits and then sliding down ever so slowly. I felt a finger slide into my now dripping pussy. I pressed my hips back into him as I heard him begin to pull his boxers down. I felt his cock hard against my ass. I didn't care what he wanted to do to me- I wanted every inch of him. 

He pulled away again. He guided me to the floor. The kitchen floor of all places. Climbing on top of me he grabbed me by the hips and grinded his hips into me again. 

"What do you want me to do?" He whispered in my ear.

I didn't say a word but grabbed his cock in my hands and guided him to my pussy. Almost expecting him to pull away I was pleasantly surprised to feel him ram into me with no hesitation. Thrusting deep into me I felt how much larger his cock was compared to my fiancé. My pussy wasn't used to the size but I was so lubricated that he glided through with ease. I thrusted back against him fully letting go. 

"Oh my god you're so wet" he told me as he flipped me over onto my knees taking me from behind. Gripping my hips tightly he entered me slowly. He began thrusting deeper and harder as his hands traveled to play with my tits. 

"Get up" he suddenly said as he stopped. I stood up and turned to look at him holding his cock. He pointed to the couch. Practically running to it we embraced passionately again. This time he kissed me, grabbing my head tightly in his hands. He turned me back around and bent me over the couch. 

I couldn't take the anticipation much longer. He started fucking me from behind with meaning this time, spanning me every so often. His hand reached around to my clit and he began to rub. I couldn't hold my orgasm any longer and began to cry out as I felt my juices run down my legs and onto the couch. Just as my orgasm was almost finished I felt him thrust three more times and as he moaned he released his load into me. We paused for a moment after and I turned around. Breathing heavy and full of cum, I walked to the bathroom to clean up. He spanked me again as I walked past. I couldn't wrap my head around it yet, I just fucked my neighbor. 

"This isn't over yet" he said. 

"Oh?" I asked, a smirk on my face. 

"Ten minutes. Meet me outside" Gavin says as he heads out to the porch. 

I knew it was so wrong but I knew I wanted to fuck him again and again before the night was over and before my fiancé came home.