 Author's Note.

This is a story about control. Control and manipulation. Control, manipulation, dominance, submission and most importantly it is about relationships. It is also about contrasts and differences in the roles we adopt dependent upon who we are with. Having said that it is not really about BDSM or pain or tying up or spanking or blindfolds or butt plugs or gags. It is more about a man taking control of a woman through his personality and of her welcoming that control and direction.

I am not sure that there is a Literotica category that is really suitable. Yes, of course Mind Control is a consideration, but then so is BDSM and Chain Stories. I guess I will switch around as I publish each part.

At the heart of the story is Guy Bresterton, a university professor and Christina a highly successful investment banker. Her bank sponsors a digital library at Cambridge University and that is how they meet. She is in her late thirties, is divorced and has a very demanding and powerful job where she manages a team of over 150, mainly men. Not believing in marriage or monogamy, Guy is single.

Christina has little time to build relationships of any depth or length and consequently she leads a largely disappointing sex life. Although not in favour of one-night stands, she buys sex. She has a network of escort agencies in the cities she visits most frequently and anonymously they provide her with the men she needs to satisfy her. She has no difficulty at all in intellectualising and reconciling the differences between her beliefs and behaviour.

Guy is a sexual adventurer. He is a non-conformist with strong and creative beliefs. He is also an exceedingly bright and intelligent man and that is one of Christina's fetishes: she is far more interested in what a lover has between his ears than between his legs.

The story is quite long so I have broken it down into several parts, each of which should stand alone as a meaningful story. Obviously it would be preferable if the parts were read in a chronological order, but that is up to the reader.

There are two other points of relevance at this stage.

Firstly, Guy fucks Christina the afternoon they meet.

And secondly, I am Christina.

*

Part 1 - We fuck on our first meeting.

They were someone else's fingers weren't they? They weren't my own, were they? Surely my own touch couldn't be that stimulating, could it? Even half asleep in bed, having beautifully erotic dreams, I couldn't imagine that the light caresses on my breasts were by me? Was I dreaming or was it really happening?

As my mind caught up with my body and both emerged from the deep sleep, so I remembered where I was and I answered my own questions.

The hand on my breasts was Guy's. I was lying on my left side. I was in his bed in Cambridge University. Firstly, the hand had stroked and caressed my boob, then cupped it and finally it had squeezed the pliant flesh. The fingers had found my nipple and pinched that, nicely, just right, not too much pressure, but enough to encourage the pink, puckered protuberance to stand up and send wonderful tingles through my body. The other hand was pushing at where my left side sunk into the amazingly comfortable, but totally impractical yet wonderfully evocative, feather mattress that Guy had inherited from his grandmother. It was fiddling its way between that and the left side of my body. I knew exactly what it wanted to do. I lifted up a little and felt a little shiver go through me as it wiggled through the gap and found my other breast. It repeated all the actions of the other hand. 'Mmmmmm wonderful' I thought and felt. 

But there was more, much more, there had to be. After all when you are in bed with a man and both of you are naked and it is the morning after a night of wonderful sex, there's bound to be more isn't there? I felt his chest against my back. I felt him lifting the blonde, streaked hair away from my neck. I felt him kissing and licking my neck and I felt my goose pimples erupt, it sent shivers through me, it was lovely. 

Most significantly of all, though, I felt his erection. I felt it against me, I felt it hard, long and hot. I felt it snuggled between the cheeks of my bottom and poking out the top of the crease. I felt it move, I felt him slightly thrusting it almost in time with the squeezing, pinching and caressing of my breasts and the kissing and licking of my neck. I felt him moving it, pulling it away, moving downwards a little and then fumbling it between my legs; I opened my thighs by lifting my right leg. One of his hands slid down my body and the fingers easily found my clit. He rubbed it, I grunted. I felt the bulbous end of his erection enquiring at the lips of my pussy. He pushed and I grunted again.

Then Guy fucked me from behind; it was absolutely wonderful.

*

It's so nice to have a boy-friend again after such a long time; nearly two years to be precise. Since separating from my husband I haven't been celibate, but I have been selective, well fairly, oh ok no I haven't I just like to tell myself that I have. In reality I have slept around a bit, been promiscuous and put it about rather too much. I've been with old flames and new lovers as well, to my eternal regret, my ex. But that's modern woman's, particularly a divorced one's way of life nowadays isn't it?

It was my job that caused the separation. I work in investment banking and am a mergers and acquisition specialist. I had headed up the UK, M & A for several years when a promotion to Head of European M and A became available. I got it and had to move from Edinburgh, Simon's home town, to London. Simon refused to come to London so we split; if you want to get to the top in investment banking most things can be redundant, certainly wives and husbands can be.

It was a powerful job. I ran a team of forty in London and had another hundred or so spread out across the major financial centres in Europe. I travelled a great deal both in Europe and to the New York headquarters of the US owned global bank Goddens. Often known simply as 'big G' we are amongst the two or three most powerful banks in the world and hardly a merger goes by that we are not involved in one way or another.

The promotion took my base salary up to just over a million, pounds not dollars and my bonuses should easily double that. On top of that there was the share options, the car, the apartment in London and every perk and tax dodge anyone could think of. I loved the money, the status, the power and the job; doing deals were like a lifeblood to me.

I hadn't thought I would get involved with anyone whilst in the job. My objective was to give it five years and then retire at forty five. Since leaving London University with an honours degree and going into banking I had never been involved with anyone connected with my job and I planned to keep it that way. I had seen too many careers go wrong because someone could not resist dipping their pen in company ink, or in the case of women being the inkwell!

So I was resigned to leading a lonely and largely sexless few years. Despite being separated and then divorced and having a free thinking and extremely liberal attitude towards sex, I didn't intend sleeping around or getting emotionally involved with anyone. I failed at the former, but was very successful with the latter. Recently when I needed sex I bought it; there are plenty of extremely discrete escort agencies around if you know where to look.

Things change though. 

The bank sponsors a digital library at Cambridge University. It was really a promotional gimmick to get to the brightest brains and show them good things about the bank. For some bizarre reason it came under the wing of M & A and as the Managing Director of that it was my baby. That was how I met Professor Guy Bresterton.

I'm thirty nine and he's forty seven. I am separated, he has never been married. He doesn't believe in it as an institution and sees it as an unnecessary restriction on man's natural desire to be polygamous. He is a professor of humanities at Cambridge University and is by some margin the brightest and most intelligent man I have ever known, certainly carnally. He is also obsessed with sex in all its forms. And on top of that he is drop dead gorgeous, with a big dick, amazing stamina and fantastic recovery powers.

*

"So you're the mysterious Christina are you?" The, slim, medium height, just taller than me, dark haired man wearing stylish, tortoise shell framed glasses asked me. After Kali had introduced us.

I quipped back. "Well I am Christina, but as to whether I am mysterious or even the mysterious Christina, I have no idea?"

"Hmmm."

"What's that mean?"

He laughed. "We'll see," he said as a few other people joined us adding as he looked deeply into my eyes. "Well at least the big boss then."

We were at a luncheon buffet party at Corpus Christi College Cambridge University. I was with Kali the Human Resource Director of the M & A business. She was Dutch and we had known each other for years having both been part of the same graduate intake some sixteen or so years ago. She knew I enjoyed the company of bright people for I had occasionally joked with her that the easiest way to get my knickers off was to speak Latin, know something about astro-physics, read and understand Shakespeare, perform calculus or be stunningly bright. As Guy and I chatted, I suspected he knew something about each of those subjects and more; metaphorically speaking, I could feel my knickers starting to slide down my legs already.

In addition to her HR and recruiting roles in my department Kali was also responsible for helping a number of the Cambridge professors, with the books they were always writing, the consultancy work most did for big business and the lucrative lecture tours they went on in such places as Australia, USA, and the Far and Middle East. 'Gravy train' stuff she called it explaining that the more active professors, such as Guy, would easily earn a quarter a million pounds a year from it; what a nice 'gravy train' I thought. 

"I knew you would like him," Kali said as we chatted over a cup of tea in one of the rooms of the college away from the heat of the Sunday mid-afternoon sun.

"He is fascinating," I replied.

"And good looking?" She offered.

"That too."

"Great hair."

"Yes."

"And nice eyes?"

"Lovely eyes," I replied the piercingly blue of them coming into my mind as I recalled the intensity of his stare as we had chatted. He had one of those looks that made you feel that you were the only person in the world as he spoke to you.

"And it goes without saying bright."

"Yes very bright" I replied adding feeling a little alarmed. "Hey what you doing?" As Kali ran her hand over my bum in the tightish, thin silky dress.

"Just checking," she smiled "That they're still there."

I laughed. "Yes well in place."

"I thought brilliance got them off."

"I don't do one-nighters with men I have just met."

"No, of course not darling," she replied with what looked like a smirk or knowing smile. "By the way are you going to come to the meeting this evening? Guy is the main speaker."

She was referring to a meeting being held in a rambling old house in Grantchester, just outside Cambridge. It was a regular get together of a humanist, free thinking group that we sponsored. Although I was aware of the meeting and was thinking I might go, I hadn't checked my email and hadn't seen Guy was the main speaker. That made my decisions for me.

"I know how much you like lively debate and insightful analysis, so you should enjoy this."

"What's the topic?"

"We are never told until we arrive."

What time should it finish."

"Oh eight, half past, plenty of time for you to scoot down the M11 and be in Docklands before the witching hour.

*

"Heterosexualism is an imposition on man to restrict his natural desire for same gender sex," was how Guy began his talk. To say I was amazed was an understatement, I was totally flabbergasted. I could hardly believe that the intellectuals and academics from one of the most revered, traditional and highly acclaimed universities in the world would discuss such a topic.

"Bisexuality is the natural state, heterosexuality is a social convention, largely developed by the Roman Catholic Church," he was explaining.

Looking around I saw that the fifty or so people in the audience were listening intently to his every word, many were making notes as Guy cleverly developed his points. Most of the audience was in their forties and fifties, I guessed, but there was a smattering of older and younger. There were probably slightly, but only just, more men than females.

As he so articulately and persuasively communicated his ideas so, several times, he looked to where Kali and I were sitting and gave me that 'you're the only person in the room' look. Each time I smiled and each time I metaphorically felt my knickers sliding down another inch or so! He was looking straight at me as he went on.

"There is ample evidence to indicate that most everyone would have some form of sexual activity with somebody from their own gender if there was no guilt."

I smiled encouragingly, perhaps, but more out of embarrassment as he continued.

"Although more likely to occur with women than men, due to their ingrained machismo tendencies, it is probable that within forty years or so most people, men and women, will have experienced some form of same gender sex and many will indulge regularly."

I was sure he could see me blushing as, smiling, he looked away.

"So mysterious Chrissy, what brings you to our group?" Guy asked me as we were having a drink after the meeting had finished. He had seemed, or so I, maybe, kidded myself, made a beeline for me when the debate ended and had asked if I would like some wine. As it happened I wasn't drinking for I had a fifty mile drive ahead of me later that evening

"So why the mysterious tag Guy?" I asked sipping a glass of water.

"Just an expression Christina, I find it gets attention and creates interest" he replied honestly, making me smile. "No seriously, Kali has mentioned you a couple of times when we have been er talking" he continued, rather hesitantly, making me think. 'I bet he's fucked her.' 

We chatted for an hour or so as people joined us, then wandered off and others came up.

"You know you two have been hogging each other all evening" Kali said coming up and putting her arm round my shoulders. 

"No we haven't," Guy replied. "Mysterious Chrissy and garrulous Guy have been holding court as others have joined us."

"Really?" Kali said, beaming at him as his eyes bored into hers. I was sure that sent shivers through her and I was equally sure, now, that they had fucked, maybe still were.

"Anyway, you have to circulate. I need to introduce my boss to some people and GB has a doting audience waiting to hear pearls of wisdom slipping from his garrulous mouth" she said smiling, slipping her arm through Guy's.

"Ok Kali, as usual you win" he smiled flicking the long lock of blonde hair that continually flopped down over his forehead back in place. "But just before I lose Chrissy, I have a request."

"What's that?"

"Could you give me a lift back into town, Megan who brought me out has gone, it's almost on your way to Docklands."

"Aren't you staying at the farm tonight?" Kali enquired of Guy then, looking at me she added knowingly "Guy has a farm over towards Wells, it's a lovely place."

"No I have lent it to my sister and her brood it depresses me when they are they, I'm staying at the college. About half hour then Christina?"

"Sure," I replied wondering what the hell was going on with Kali and Guy. It was interesting though.

*

I drove him the few miles from the meeting to Corpus Christi College where he 'roomed' as they called it. As I parked the car alongside the masses of chained up bikes in the narrow cobbled road, he said authoritatively.

"You are coming in aren't you? We'll have a bite to eat."

Being a professor, one of the youngest actually, he had a suite of rooms in the college that he told me was founded in the mid thirteen hundreds. Although clean they were furnished and decorated just as I imagined the 'home' of an academic would be, untidy, casual, a little sparse, but comfortable. He called someone on the phone and within ten minutes or so an old man in a white shirt, long black apron and a black tie and trousers arrived carrying a tray covered with a cloth. There was a delicious display of cold cuts, salad and fresh fruit.

"See Chrissy education does pay, free food delivered to your room on a Sunday evening. Much better than an Indian take away." 

I smiled. "I'll remind my nieces of the perks of a good education when I see them."

We ate and drank water, which he poured explaining he wouldn't drink as he knew I couldn't adding. "Unless that is you would like to stay the night."

"It's a little early to be asking me that isn't it?" I said genuinely surprised.

He smiled. "I did mean in a guest room Chrissy, the college has several." He paused bfore continuing "But if you prefer, I do have a double bed."

"Oh sorry," I mumbled totally embarrassed.

"Please don't be," Guy said walking over to where I was sitting. He put his hands on the arms of the chair either side of me, leaned forward, pushed my hair away from my face, kissed my forehead and whispered "But then you don't need to stay the night do you?"

"What, I'm sorry?" I said my body temperature immediately soaring.

"You don't need to stay the night to do what we need to do, do you?" He went on, stroking my hair and kissing my head.

"I don't understand" I burbled, quite lost for words, although I fully understood what was happening. I had never been 'pulled' quite as pointedly as this before.

He put one hand on my shoulder and gripped my chin with the other. He gave me 'that stare' with his blue eyes and said.

"You do understand, you know exactly what I mean and you know full well what we are going to do, don't you?"

I felt as though I was being hypnotised, perhaps I was. I felt that I was under his control, he was directing events and me as easily as a conductor did with an orchestra. I simply stared at him.

"Well mysterious Christina," he continued still staring at me? Taking my hands he pulled me up so I was standing facing him.

"Sorry, er, um, what Guy?" I whimpered.

He put his hands on my shoulders. I was wearing a white linen jacket over a cream and orange patterned, halter neck, silk dress.

"You have known from the moment we met just as I have that we will make love haven't you?" He said quietly his eyes boring into mine. I didn't reply; I wasn't able to. I was, as they so awfully say nowadays, simply gobsmacked!'

"Haven't you Christina?" he went on slowly removing the jacket. I felt helpless and did nothing to stop him, momentarily wondering if somehow he'd put some form of date rape drug in the food or water, but then I was fully conscious and was aware of everything that was going on; I was just powerless to resist. He dropped my jacket on the chair in which I had been sitting.

My dress was sleeveless and had a halter neck. It had straps that narrowed down from about three inches to one or so wide as they went from beside each of my boobs up and round my neck. It was joined by a patch of velcro at the back. Just above the knee in length and fairly full in the skirt, I no longer have the bum for tight, pencil skirts, it was backless to just beneath my shoulders and, as it had built in integral support, there were no unsightly straps or the need for me to wear a bra; something that with my boobs I can do quite easily.

I looked at him and couldn't help thinking back to his talk at the meeting. There, he had had gone on from discussing man's natural, but mostly dormant, desire for bisexuality to talking about how we are also sexually repressed. He blamed this on society's, particular the church, who I gathered he really doesn't like very much, insistence on mixing sex with and love and morals. 'We should' he had claimed 'be able to have sex without guilt when and with whomever we please, as long as they agree.' As he had been saying that I felt he had been staring at me, although of course it may have been Kali who was sitting next to me.
