 Hi folks. I'm Bill, I'm 40 years old and this sort of thing doesn't normally happen to me. Honestly. I wish it did though! 

My neighbours, Jack and Betsy, are a lovely couple. He's probably my age, but he's landed himself a much younger wife. 2 kids down the road and she still looks as hot as anything. Maybe it's the slim figure and large boobs? Probably. 

Anyway, Betsy is strictly off limits no matter how hot she looks. I wouldn't do that to a mate, and Jack is a good pal. We play golf together and he's just lovely. 

Betsy has a sister though. Briony is 22, about 5'6", very slim, with black hair and dark eyes. Like her sister, she's pretty well endowed up top. Can you tell, I'm a boobs man?! I'd put her in the 32 D category if I'm honest.

Lately Briony has been spending quite a lot of time at Jack and Betsy's house. She has split up with a long term partner and is struggling a bit financially, so my neighbours allow her to use their house when she needs it. 

I wouldn't categorise her as smoking hot, but she's pretty and has a great body. You certainly wouldn't say no. 

Anyhow, let's get to the bit I want to tell you about. It happened this morning. Jack and Betsy, and the kids had all left for the day, when I saw Briony's car pull up outside. She has a key, so she hopped out and got her things. She was wearing smart figure hugging trousers that made her arse look exquisite. On top she was wearing a skin tight, slightly stretchy, black work blouse. I could see from the kitchen window that she must be braless as her boobs were swaying nicely. I was impressed, though, at how firm and pert she looked. Her tits definitely had a good shape to them and only a slight hint of sag. 

I was instantly aroused and decided I needed a closer look. I honestly don't know what got into me. Honestly. Oh ok I'm a pervert! 

I remembered the postman had delivered a parcel for Jack and Betsy to us because they were out, so I grabbed it from the side and went next door with it. I rang the doorbell, a little nervous. 

Briony answered the door almost immediately. She looked even more delicious close up. I could just about make out her nipples poking through the fabric of her top, along with the outlines of her areola. 

"Oh hey Bill," she said smiling broadly. "Lovely to see you. Are you ok?"

"Yes thanks Bri. I saw you pull up and thought I'd drop round this parcel for Jack. Saves me forgetting it later."

"Good idea, Bill. I'll pop it here so he'll see it later." 

She took the parcel from me, and in doing so her hand brushed mine. I'm pretty sure it was an accident, but it felt like a bolt of electricity shot through me at her touch. 

"Bill, could you do me a favour," she continued. "Do you mind just stepping inside for a bit. I need someone to talk to. I mean, if you're busy..."

"No I'm not too busy for you, Bri," I interrupted. "Of course I'll listen. Whatever you need." 

"Thanks Bill. Come on in." 

She led the way. The houses on our street are town houses and the main lounge is on the middle floor. I followed Briony up the stairs, and got a lovely view of her bottom.

We went into the lounge and she plopped herself on the sofa, patting the seat next to her to indicate I should sit there rather than on the other sofa. I obliged. The sofa was on the small side really, so that when we sat facing each other our legs touched slightly. I had another jolt of electricity moment. She didn't move her leg and I wasn't about to move mine, so we sat that way. I had no idea what her intentions were, but I wasn't complaining. 

Being a bit closer to her I took the opportunity to ogle her lovely chest a bit. I'm sure she caught me too, but she just smiled when our eyes met briefly. 

She sat there looking very nervous for a little while, and then suddenly blurted out "Fuck it, Bill. I don't know how else to say this. Do you like my body? Please be honest. It's ok if you don't. Really." 

"Oh shit, Bri," I replied. "Is that what this is about? Hell, yes. I like your body. You look amazing."

She started to cry a little. I scooted next to her and put my arm around her. She leaned in and sobbed a little. I let her cry, enjoying the feel of her young body next to mine. 

Eventually she composed herself again and fished a tissue out of the box I offered her. She dabbed her eyes and blew her nose as I continued to rub her arm and leg: that's where my hands naturally were to comfort her. 

"Thanks Bill. You must think I'm nuts. I just need to get this out of my system." I kept quiet and allowed her to continue at her pace. "You know I broke up with my boyfriend a few weeks ago. He treated me like shit towards the end. I had to leave him. Then last night, after work, I hooked up with a guy I met in a bar. I was after easy sex with no attachments." 

"This hunky chap plied me with drinks and seduced me. He was all nice and friendly and had a ripped body. The trouble started when I got back to his house. God, I'm so naive. Suddenly he wasn't nice anymore. He was rough with me and started calling me an ugly slut. I don't suppose you can classify it as rape, because I consented to sex, but it felt like he was raping me by the end. There was no pleasure in it for me, and he kept telling me I was ugly and a whore."

"Eventually I plucked up the courage to leave and quickly threw on as many of my clothes as I could find and walked out. I made my way back to the car and slept in it as I wasn't sober enough to drive yet." 

"By the morning I just wanted somewhere safe to have a shower and so on, and my crappy flat doesn't feel safe really. So I came here to get sorted out and calm myself down. And then you came round and I've embarrassed myself. I'm really sorry. And you probably think I'm an ugly whore too, sitting here without underwear on and no makeup. And I probably stink of that bastard's sperm too. I'm sorry Bill." 

"Come on Bri," I replied, and gave her toned leg a bit of a squeeze. "Sounds like you've had a really shitty experience. You are not ugly at all. I guess some people get off on abusing women and that's horrible. But try and cast all that out of your mind. It's not true. I have to admit, I've enjoyed seeing you since I first saw you a few years back. You're so pretty, and you have a great body. You definitely don't look like a whore either. There's also nothing wrong with not having underwear on, and anyway it sounds like you had no choice. Why don't I sit here while you go and take a shower, and then we can talk some more? I think you'll feel a lot better." 

"Oh thanks Bill. You're so nice. And yes, a shower is a good idea. But you sitting there isn't such a good idea. I really don't want to be alone. Come and sit on the bed while I use the en suite, then I know you're not far away."

She stood up and took my hand and led me up the next flight of stairs to Jack and Betsy's bedroom. I sat on the edge of the bed and Briony went into the bathroom. She didn't close the door completely, and I could see her moving about getting undressed. I couldn't really see anything,but the thought of being so close to her nakedness was getting me pretty hard. I started absentmindedly rubbing my cock through my shorts. 

Suddenly Briony stuck her head around the door. If she didn't see my touching myself, she certainly saw me blush! 

"Thanks Bill," she said quietly. "I won't be long, but you're right I need a shower to wash the memories of that dick away. I think I'm feeling a bit better already."

She vanished back inside the bathroom, but I noticed that the door was more ajar than before. I caught a flash of white flesh as she stepped into the shower and turned on the water. Was that intended? 

After a while the water stopped and Briony started drying herself. Every now and again I caught glimpses of her. I'd resumed stroking myself, imagining this pretty young woman riding me. 

I stopped stroking as the door opened, and I was stunned to see Briony standing there completely naked. Her hair was still damp from the shower and clung to her head. Her breasts were stunning in size and shape. She had nice large areolas and her nipples were quite long and thick. My gaze went over her well toned stomach to her hairless snatch. Her legs were well toned and well proportioned. I was stunned. 

"So, do you still like the way I look, Bill," Briony crooned. 

I was momentarily speechless. "Ummm, wow. Yes I do. A great deal. You look unbelievable!" 

She walked towards me and straddled me, facing me. 

"Ok," she whispered, "which bits do you like, and why?"

I looked her up and down again, wondering where and how to start. With the way she was sitting on me, I could now see her pussy spread pretty wide and I wanted to fuck it. In the end I started by stroking her cheek. 

"You have such a beautiful face. Your eyes are so deep and inviting. Your slender neck is perfect for nibbling." As I said this I gave her neck a little nibble and she shuddered. 

Then I gently stroked her lips. "You have full and luscious lips that look perfect for kissing." I demonstrated, and she didn't resist. Our tongues met as we snogged for a while. 

After a while I pulled back, to continue the exploration of her naked form. "I love the way your collar bones look surrounded by the muscles of your shoulders." I ran my hand over them and carried on down to her tremendous boobs. 

"Your breasts are the best I've ever seen. So lovely and big, so firm and pert. I could suck and nibble those nipples for hours as well." I gently squeezed her breasts and then demonstrated my sucking technique. Briony let out a loud sigh of pleasure and threw her head back. 

"Oh yes Bill! Oh that's so good! Oh don't stop!"

I didn't stop. I gave each breast a good going over with my hands, my lips and my teeth. Briony's breathing got shallower and shallower as I went. Suddenly her whole body convulsed in a large orgasm. She let out a long scream of pleasure. 

I let her regain her composure for a few moments before I continued. 

"I can't believe how toned your tummy is. The muscles are so firm. Your legs are really shapely and soft too." I gently ran my hands along each leg in turn. Briony shivered again. 

"Then your bottom is unbelievable." I massaged it. "It looked so good in those trousers you had on earlier. Your hips are nice and wide really framing it. It feels even better than it looks. And then of course, the main event, your pussy. I'm so glad it's shaved clean. I much prefer it that way. And the skin is so smooth. Your pussy lips look so inviting for my cock, and they are so wet already. I really want to fuck you." 

As I started gently rubbing her pussy Briony started undoing my trousers. She eased my 6 inch cock out of its confinement. I was already dripping precum. She gently pulled back the foreskin and scooted forwards. She raised her hips and positioned the head of my dick over her pussy and slowly slid it in. Man she was tight and wet. 

"Fuck me you shall, Bill. Fuck me hard. I want your load inside me." 

I didn't need asking twice. I started bouncing this vixen up and down on my engorged cock. Before long she was squealing my name. Her boobs were bouncing up and down so nicely too. A delightful sight indeed. I got close to cumming pretty quickly. 

"Uuuhhhhhhhhhh I'm about to cum," I managed to blurt out. 

"Ooooh good," she replied. "Fill my pussy up!" 

So I did. I had the biggest orgasm of my life. It felt so good. Streams of cum spurted out of me and into Briony's warm snatch. When I'd finally stopped twitching I gently lifted Briony off my cock and lay her down on her back on the bed. Then I got to work between her legs with my tongue. Her juices mixed with mine tasted great and before long she was cumming again. She came long and hard, her legs clamped around my ears, handfuls of duvet in her hands. 

Eventually she slumped back exhausted on the bed. I got up and lay next to her. 

"Thanks Bill," she finally said, quietly, "you really made me feel good, and feel a lot better about myself. Did you really mean what you said? About my body I mean?" 

"Yes of course, Bri. Why would I lie about that? You are damn hot. Every word was the honest truth. You look and feel stunning. I've never orgasmed that hard before either."

"Me neither," she replied. 

"Oh and one other thing, Bri, you really should go braless more often, hun. Those boobs of yours defy gravity and look amazing without additional support. You should flaunt them."

"Thanks Bill. It's nice going braless sometimes, so I might just do so. And for you, anytime. You just have to ask. Maybe I'll get to fuck you again if I do?" 

"I hope so Bri." 

And with that I left her to have another shower and to restore Jack and Betsy's bedroom to a tidy condition, whilst I returned to spill the beans to you lot. Who knows what might happen in future. I really look forward to fucking dear Briony again though.