 It all happened when I was in high school. It was a warm spring day and I was waiting for the time to finish the lectures and return home. It was the last lecture hour with Mrs. Nixtones, my history teacher. She was looking very sexy that day! I didn’t like History and it was more difficult concentrating on her history lecture when she was walking around in front of me looking like that. Her long, blonde hair looked full, and waved down just right. She was wearing a mini skirt, too short, and pretty tight, for a woman who was in her mid-thirties. She wasn't wearing hose, so her legs were bare and tan. When she walked to the board with her back to me, I could see her ass cheeks rising and falling. After a while she sat to her desk but I wasn’t listening her lecture any more, I had just let my fantasies wander. I sure would love to stick my hand in her big tits, reach in her bra, grab a handful of her tit and lick it. 

I wanted to see her panties so I left one of my pens to fall in the floor. My desk was the first one and it was exactly opposite to her so I took a look between her bare legs trying to see the colour of her panties. 

My God!!! She want wearing any panties and I could she her pussy…It was shaved and beautiful. Unfortunately, at that time the bell rang. I was waiting for this for the last hour but know I didn’t wanted to leave. 

Finally, I left school and returned home as fast as I could. There was none at home, or at least I thought that I was alone at that time. I went to my room and I took off my jeans and my shirt and lay naked on my bed. Without thinking I started rocking back and forth and a picture of Mrs. Nixtones naked flashed into my mind. I immediately got a boner and it felt good as I pushed it hard against the bed. I got up and got my magazines from the secret hiding place in the closet. Unzipping my fly I arranged the magazine in front of me and got down to business. Engrossed in pleasure I was almost on the vinegar strokes when I heard the sound of a door opening across the landing. It took several seconds before it really registered, or before I could do anything about it. My door suddenly opened wide and there stood my mother’s best friend Nina, looking down at me with wide eyes. Nina was one of the most beautiful friends of my mother. She was about 32, with red hair, about 1,70m and 60kg, with a very nice body. 

'George!' she said. 

I tried to hide my cock and said: “My God! Nina, what are you doing here? I thought I was home alone” 

Well, probably you are not…she smiled. 'I was asleep on the guestroom. I came to stay for one week, I thought that you knew it. My, what a surprise to wake up to. You're certainly not a little boy any more. But there's no need to hide your penis from me, is there? "Now, honey, you keep on doing what you're doing. I just want to watch." You can't hide it, George." Nina said. "It's too big and too beautiful to hide. Come on, baby, let me see you play with it some more…or…I have I better idea…I think that I should help you a little...”she said. 

Nina came over to me on the bed, smiling down at me, and I wished the ground would open. She sat down on the edge, and I still kept my penis covered with my hands. She put out her hands and grabbed my wrist 'Come on, mind your hands,' she said, pushing them out of the way and causing me to expose my penis to her. 

She took my cock in her hand and start moving it back and forth. “Well? Does it feel better than doing it alone?” She asked 

"I want to suck your cock" she said. "Then you can taste my pussy and fuck it" She leaned forward, tilted her head, and slid my dick straight into her mouth. Her lips and tongue were hot, so hot on my skin. 

She started licking the tip with the tip of her tongue, she circles around it then took in inch by inch until my entire cock was in her mouth. 

After a while, she took off her jeans and pulled her panties off and threw them away. Wow! Her pussy was fresh shaved and I could see that she was more than wet. 

She took my dick in her mouth again and placed her hand around it, stroking and sucking. I slid my hand between her legs. She was so wet. My fingertips glistened when I pulled them away. I raised them to my lips and tasted Nina’s sweet juices. “Delicious,” I said. “But I bet it tastes even sweeter from the source.” 

“Would you like to try the 69 position? I would like to eat your wet pussy” I said. 

“Yes baby, I ‘d love to have your dick in my mouth, while you will explore my pussy with your tongue” she replied. 

We turn to 69 and I opened her legs and pressed my mouth into her soft, warm pussy. I enjoy going down on a woman, and Nina ‘s shaved pussy was perfect for licking. My lips parted hers and my tongue flicked from her clitoris, along her wet lips down to her tender entrance. Each time I would press a little more, a little farther, a little deeper into her, until I was tongue-fucking her at the end of each long lick. 

“Mmm, George, I’m cumming! Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes! Suck it harder. “ . 

Suddenly I felt he was drinking from a faucet because she was producing a floodgate of strange substance. “ Ah, ah, oh, fuck! Yeeesss keep eating my pussy Oh, fuck, this feels so gooooood! Oh, mmmh! “ she said 

“Mmm, Ninaaa.. I’m almost there, too,” I groaned. “Let me come in your mouth....” Nina didn’t stop sucking me. She was wonderful. It was the best blowjob I had ever had. While her head bobbed up and down on my shaft, her hands played with my balls, making my sperm boil. 

“Oh yess, I m coming baby, I m coming” take it in your mouth baby, eat it… I said and I flooded her mouth with my hot seed. Nina tried to swallow every drop 

Tell me what you want." I said… "I want your cock. I want it in me. Fucking me. Filling my pussy. I wanted so badly to fuck her that my cock was already hard again. 

I put it right against her pussy and slowly thrusted forward. It felt so good as I rocked in and out of Nina’s pussy. "Harder, harder" she said. So I went in harder and faster. As fast as I could pounding that sweet pussy as she came all over my dick. 

I start moving slowly again...in and out of her pussy as she lifted both her legs on my back and drew me tighter to her everytime I pushed down. I was not in a hurry as I continued to move slowly inside her sometimes pulling my penis out until only the head remained and after pausing for a while I would then rush my penis in mashing my penis hard on her when I reached bottom. I placed my hand on her ass and I put one finger in her asshole. Slowly in the beginning. She didn’t said me to stop so I start moving it faster in and out of her hole. 

"Yes, baby, touch my ass" she said. I would like to feel you in my ass baby” . 

“I cant wait any more… take my ass…open my little hole with your cock. Come on baby fuck my Ass” she pleaded, even as she sunk to the floor on hands and knees, ass thrust high in a provocatively posed invitation. "Fuck my ass hard. Give me what I need...now, please. I'm begging you 

I pulled out and rubbed the head of my dick against the small hole of her ass. She moaned as I did this. Then I slowly pushed in until my entire cock was in. As I began to explore her depths in slow degrees, I asked her if she liked it. She said, "Yes…yes…yes" with each of my insertions. I accelerated the pace and imbedded my cock fully with each thrust. At one point I held her hips and pressed my cock as far as it would go into her and stayed there, filling her ass. 

Ohhh…Ninaa..your ass is wonderful…I want to come in your hole..I said her.. 

“Yes baby…” she replied.”I want to feel your hot cum in my asshole too..” 

Oh yeesss…I m cuming Nina…take my cum…in your hole…take all of it…Aahhh… 

I m shooting inside you Nina…aaa… 

My penis still pushing in and out of her for a while until I collapsed heavily on her… 

After a while she said me…”that was the first time that someone fucked my ass…it was very nice…we have a whole week…I want to suck you every morning and fuck my ass as many times as you can…” 

Believe me it was a very interesting week….