 These days I find myself attracted mostly to young women, ten, twenty or even thirty years younger than myself and have been lucky to have had several relationships with them.

However, there was a period between eighteen and thirty or so when older women excited me very much. Women ten or twenty years older and even well-groomed and maintained women in their fifties and early sixties conjured up delicious fantasies of fucking with them.

I want to tell you of one incident when my fantasies of screwing with an older woman came true. Mrs A - Daphne - was her name but I'll keep her real surname a secret, for obvious reasons.

I had come to her house to do some plumbing work. It was mid-morning and she greeted me at the door. I had been there before to do other work and since getting her call, my mind had been constructing elaborate erotic fantasies of seducing her - or of her seducing me. She was about ten years older - about forty, with an incredibly long single brown plait that hung to her mid-thighs.I wondered what it would be like undone.

Although she said I could come in wearing my work boots, I took them off before going in, conscious that my cock was starting to twitch nicely in my shorts. That felt good and my heart was beating fast.

She led me into the kitchen and as she moved ahead of me I studied her bottom moving underneath the one piece ankle length dress she wore. I pictured it naked, each voluptuous cheek being cupped and squeezed in my hand.

She pointed to the kitchen sink and the dripping tap and I opened my tool bag to take out the tools necessary to fix the problem.

Standing next to me, she placed her hand gently on my shoulder as she peered in to watch what I was doing. 

Ordinarily, I prefer to be left alone to do my work, but I had designs on this woman and if she initiated some moves of her own, then all to the good. It showed me that there may have been a small degree of attraction on her part, but it also meant that getting into her panties may be a lot easier than I'd imagined.

So, when she began caressing my neck, I almost dropped the wrench but recovered enough to begin to enjoy her distractions.

The job done, she moved back to let me stand, and I couldn't help but notice the depth of her exposed cleavage and the size of her nipples as they jutted against the material. Now I knew how much she was aroused. And how I wanted to lick them.

She picked up the electric kettle, filled it and, expecting me to linger to have a coffee, switched it on and busied herself spooning instant coffee into two mugs.

Then, as she was quite short - about 5 feet tall, she dragged a stool over to kneel on so she could reach the top shelf of the cabinet in order to take down a cake tin. I watched, in between putting my tools back into the bag, as she did this and noticed how, with her fingers, she pulled the part of her dress that had become wedged into the cleft of her bottom. Wasn't she wearing panties, I thought? Was that space between her legs so moist that it clung to her dress in that way? And I didn't realise at the time, how much that single action was to feature in my fantasies in the years to come as one of the strongest images of that time with her. I wanted to poke it back in, enabling me to brush her wet pussy with my fingers, letting her know how much I appreciated that unguarded moment with me in her presence.

She ushered me to a chair at the kitchen table where I sat waiting for the coffee and watched her bottom slightly jiggling as she cut a generous slab of rich dark brown fruitcake for me.

Still, her nipples showed and I was sure she knew I could see how prominent they were, as she made the several trips back and forth ferrying, first the cake on a plate, and then the steaming coffee. This woman was showing off her body to me but doing so in such natural and necessary movements.

So, I began a small show of my own. I spread my thighs as I sat, and watched as her eyes traveled south from my eyes to my crotch. I knew my cock was semi-hard and laying crosswise under my shorts. I was fully aware she was taking in the sight of the thick shaft straining and bulging through the material, wanting to be freed from the constraints of my shorts.

Sipping my coffee, I allowed the thumb of one hand to hook into the waistband and the other fingers to drum on my concealed log. I felt sure she got my message because she licked her lips as she watched, almost mesmerised by the promise concealed there.

"Yes darling," I thought. "It's all yours - if you want it. And I know you want it," I smiled, a wickedly innocent smile. She smiled back.

So, we sat, chatting. I was throwing out subtle and not so subtle double entendres, and we seemed to be enjoying ourselves. Meanwhile, I was plotting a way to advance the situation.

My chance came when she took the empty cup and plate away and stood at the sink to rinse them. I rose and moved to stand behind her, looking out her kitchen window at the street and the neighbours' houses, very close nearby. 

"Don't you worry about your neighbours knowing you are having a man in your house for such a long time?" I asked.

"No, not at all. I don't care about them. They can think what they want. Do you want to go?" she answered.

"No, well I'm certainly not in a hurry to go. I do have a job later in the day. So, if you want some company, I can stay awhile," I replied.

"Good!" she said, and smiled.

I decided to throw caution to the wind and I pressed my bulging hardon into the cleft of her bottom and she immediately pushed back, unleashing small moans of delight from the both of us.

Putting my hands on her hips I drew them up and around, to cup those huge plump breasts of hers, finally being able to feel that pair of nipples between my fingers.

I lowered my head to kiss the nape of her neck, and she cooed, as my lips slid over her ear lobe, knowing my hot breath was blowing seductively into her ear.

She turned to face me then, and it was her turn to cup the cheeks of my bottom and to gently squeeze and pinch them, as I pulled her closer to feel her heaving chest on mine and allowed my cock to brush her mound.

She put her small hand down the front of my shorts to grasp my rod, and, sinking to her knees on the kitchen floor, slid my shorts down to my ankles.

Then she proceeded to give me one delicious lick from my balls to the tip of my cock as she began to stroke my steadily growing tool. And, leaning back on the sink, I moaned as she engulfed my prick and took most of my seven inches in her warm mouth, stopping short of gagging, and drawing a long strand of spittle as it emerged from her lips, rested a moment before taking it deep inside her throat again, and again, and again, as I wound what I could reach of her braid round my fingers, urging her to suck my cock and never stop.

I was on the verge of coming and I begged her to stop, because I wanted to last longer. I wanted to fuck her, I told her.

She nodded, and with a flick of her head, indicated the bedroom she shared with her husband.

Understanding what she wanted, I slipped off my shorts and I picked her up, our lips locked together, her arms round my neck and with her legs wrapped round my waist, my cock nestled comfortably between her inner thighs, I carried her down the hallway towards the open doorway of the main bedroom. 

I lay her on the big bed, her head on a pillow and stood back to strip off my t-shirt while she spread her legs, and, after wetting her middle finger, slowly, teasingly stroked the fine line of hair that marked out the gash of her cunt. She gave me a sizzling 'come fuck me' look and I succumbed, moving to her, and, raising her to a sitting position, helped her lift off her dress where I finally was able to gaze at those massive globes of hers tipped with a pair of the finest brown nipples, now long and stiff.

She lay on her back to let me put my arms round her thighs, and grabbing the other pillow, I stuffed it underneath her bottom to raise her lower body up for ease of dining on her now glistening folds.

My tongue licked her from her puckered arsehole to the small tuft of hair that crowned her pubic area and on up to twist inside her navel, tugging on the dangling navel jewelry there.

I kept going, travelling her body to those 'begging to be licked' nipples, giving each in turn my full attention for a good minute. Round and round my tongue went, from left to right and back again, squeezing them together with my hands so I could easily shift from one to the other, flicking my darting tongue across them, licking up and down the channel created between them, while I dragged my heavy hardened cock along the length of her increasingly wet pussy lips.

She reached down and grasped my tool to use as a vibrator, moving it quickly back and forth against her throbbing clit, and then ploughing the knob into her parted lips.

I sensed she wanted my cock inside her, but I had other plans. I wanted to finger-fuck her while licking her out, and by her pleasurable moans as I began, I knew I'd chosen the right thing to do. I also made use of her braid end, using it like a feather to brush and tickle her engorged clit in between my constant licking of her cunt. I felt her hand on my head and ears, as she guided me to where she wanted my tongue to go for her maximum pleasure.

Soon, her thighs were clamping my head, and the sound in my ears was the ocean, and the way she was now writhing from side to side and arching her back, I knew she was experiencing the surging tidal waves of her own orgasm. 

"I want you to fuck me now - and hard!" she whispered loudly.

And, while my cock pressing into the mattress was pleasurable enough I knew that her cunt was raging, wanting to be penetrated; to be filled, and filled again, and I couldn't wait to be the one to be pumping her with my hot pulsing shaft, to be driving in and out of her, with alternating deep and shallow strokes.

I kneeled before her and grasped her ankles, lifting them high, repositioned the pillow below her and rested my cockshaft against her cunt, letting my balls hang, to press gently against her winking arsehole. 

Lifting her by the ankles and letting her drop slowly again to the pillow, I was able to tease her cunt and her clit with my stiff rod and the rim of my knob. She squealed with delight at this and I knew how much it was stimulating her, preparing her as it were, for 'the main event'.

"Want me to fuck you, yes?" I teasingly asked her.

Her nods and replies of 'yes' and "oh yes, please" were not unexpected, but I wanted to make sure how badly she wanted my cock inside her.

"How much do you want my cock?" I asked, still rubbing the shaft along her cunt but also giving her arse a stinging slap, that brought a small tear to her eye.

"You know how much I want it!" she answered.

"Then fucking tell me how much you want it, you fucking dirty cock-teasing slut," I growled.

"You fucking sexy bastard, I want all of your fucking big cock in me." she spluttered as I again gave her a resounding slap on the other cheek, making a distinct crimson handprint on her arse to match the other one.

"That's fucking better!" I replied, a little softer this time, satisfied she was more than ready for a good hard pounding.

I dropped one leg to the mattress and straddled it, placing the still raised leg over my shoulder. In this position, I moved my cock closer to her opening and with a hard thrust, I entered her, pushing in deeply, all the way, until my prick was buried deep inside her cunt, my balls rubbing against her thigh.

With one hand caressing her calf, and the other on her thigh, I moved back to take another long deep stab of that tight cunthole she presented to me.

Again, and again, I fucked her, and I had her moaning with each thrust, as she took my big hard cock, over and over, and over again.

She was so fucking tight and I told her so. I told her how my cock loved her cunt, and how her cunt loved my cock. I called her a slut and she moaned, relishing the role she was playing.

Now I wanted to fuck her from behind, so we disentangled and got into that position, her hands gripping the bedhead, my hand tugging on her braid, arching her neck back, while I quickly shoved my cock-meat up inside her again.

"How's this, then?" I said into her ear.

"Fucking good, so fucking good baby. You fuck me so well."

"And you fuck my cock so well too. My horny cock-sucking slut."

"Mmmmmmmmmm," was her reply, "I want you to cum for me.Cum for me wherever you want to. On my tits, in my mouth, or right now, deep inside my cunt, I don't care."

"What about your tight fucking arsehole then?" I ventured.

"Ooooh, yes. Will you? I want that so much. Shoot your hot fucking cum in my arse."

Taking my cock from her slick cunt, and under her instruction, I opened her bedside drawer and took out a tube of lube, and, taking advantage of her turned away face, I also took out the big vibrating dildo that lay nestled beside it. I imagined her using this fuck-tool on herself in the privacy of her bedroom on those lonely nights when she was horny and man-less.

I smeared my cock with a generous dollop of lube and also applied some to her puckered hole. Gripping my shaft, I rubbed the knob round its entrance, and, satisfied, I eased it into her, slowly. The groan I heard indicated a level of pleasure mixed with a little pain, but after a few strokes her noises turned to a kind of singing with each successive stroke of my cock.

I switched on the vibrator and she turned her head sharply at the noise it made. 

"You sneaky sly bastard," she said, slowly emphasising each word, "but mmmmmmmmm what a delicious idea - fucking my arse and fucking my cunt at the same time. Mmmmmm!"

I inserted the big phallus in her cunt and she held it there with her fingers, adjusting the speed to her satisfaction while I resumed fucking her arse, watching my cock sliding in and quickly disappearing, only to reappear again, seconds later.

Now she was really excited and she let me know she was going to cum, again.

This time, however, she totally surprised me by squirting, a huge gush of fluid beginning to flow from her cunt. She was almost delirious with the pleasure of it all and I began to concentrate on my orgasm. Drumming up the best of all my fantasies and reveling in the current scene soon had the feeling of my cum beginning to surge its way from my tightened balls. 

"Aaaaaaaaaaah! Oh, yes! I'm gonna cum baby," I told her.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh cum for me honey. Cum in my arse, you bastard fuck!"

Her dirty talk and urging provided the impetus for my ejaculation and moments later I felt a hot stream of cum shooting from the barrel of my cock. Gobs of cum spurted into her arsehole, and I could feel her muscles squeezing every drop out of me. So much cum that it began leaking out her arsehole, and because I was still pumping, it turned to a rich lathery cream.

I was quite exhausted and after extracting my cock, I tumbled onto my back on the bed. 

Immediately, she was on all fours, greedily lapping up the droplets before they dried on my skin. Then taking the fading stem of my cock in her mouth, she sucked and cleaned up all the traces, at which my cock began to spring back to life. I was growing again in her mouth, and when she was satisfied with the erection she helped produce, she quickly mounted me and rode me to another mutually-satisfying orgasm.

A shower together in her ensuite followed. Then we dressed. She made us a lunch after which she reluctantly shooed me out the door. 

For several months after that day, the neighbours must have thought her plumbing needs were never-ending, but I knew there was really only one pipe that needed the most attention. And I always fixed it - to her obvious satisfaction.