 Author's Note: This is a continuation of "Fucking My Soldier". I hope you enjoy it as much as, or more than, the first. I'd love to hear what you think of it. Feel free to vote. I may write more if anyone is interested. Thanks again!

---

I couldn't stop thinking about him again. It had only been two weeks since our last fuck on the dining room table, but I was already in desperate need of cock again. He was probably hoping to find someone other than me to have sex with. He had wanted to experiment and see what other people were like. My guess was that he was having no such luck yet. I'd been holding out, waiting for him to get in touch with me again. If he took too much longer, I would cave. Either that or I would give in to one of the other guys that was begging to fuck me.

I was at home taking a bubble bath when I heard my phone vibrate on the bathroom counter. There was no way I could know who it was without looking, but I had a feeling it was Greg. Covered in bubbles, I darted out of the tub. I almost tripped over the edge. I grabbed my phone and looked at the text. It WAS Greg!

"I need you again. Your house at 9:00 tonight?" My heart fluttered, and I could feel my pussy start to get damp with the promise of some cock. I had made plans to go out tonight, it was a Friday after all, but I knew I would cancel them. Getting some cock was better than going out. However, this time things were going to be on my terms. 

"I want you too, but if you want to be inside of my sweet pussy again, you're going to have to play by my rules." I tried to come off as confident, but I knew the chances were still 50 percent that he would blow me off. He didn't HAVE to agree to let me give him rules. He could just tell me to fuck off, and not in the way I wanted. 

I finished my steamy bubble bath, but not before getting myself off first. I had my orgasm thinking of that sexy soldier burying his cock in me. 

It took over an hour for him to respond. By that time I was almost willing to let him have it his way again, but he texted me back in just enough time.

"What are the rules, Baby?" 

"Meet me at the bar on the corner of State and Park, 8:00 sharp, in uniform. You're mine until 5:00am tomorrow morning. Deal or no deal?" Once more I sat waiting for a reply that I wasn't sure would come. It was a gamble, trying to boss Greg around. He liked to be the one to call the shots. Once more he surprised me.

"Deal."

"Okay. I'll be wearing all black and you won't be able to miss me."

Now it was on. I had less than three hours to get ready and set everything up. It would be a stretch, but I could pull it off. At this point, I bet you're wondering what exactly I was planning. I would call it a little bit of role play. I was going to dress up like a naughty hooker trying to pick up a soldier at a bar. It sounded cliché, but it gave me an excuse to dress like a slut. Oh boy, did I love a man in uniform. I'd pick him up at the bar, and then I would take him to a hotel room. There, we would have raunchy sex all night into the morning. He wouldn't be allowed to just leave. I'd bring some handcuffs just for good measure.

Preparing for my night of erotic fun definitely took some time. I curled my dark brown hair. The curls ended halfway down my back like a cascade of silk. I applied some dark eye shadow, dark eyeliner and some red lipstick. I slid gold hoops into my ears and fastened a heart necklace around my neck. The fun came next. I felt like a little girl playing a naughty version of dress up. The thong I had chosen was black lace and almost completely see-through. I rolled a sheer back pair of stockings up my long legs and clipped them to the garter belt around my tiny waist. 

I had picked out the perfect dress. The dress was pretty much two large pieces of fabric, tied together on the sides with 2 inch strips of skin exposed on either side. It was soft and black, with a low cut boat neck. The dress was one size too small so that it hugged my slim body as tight as it would. It was only reached an inch below my juicy ass. For shoes I wore knee high, platform leather boots. They had stiletto heels and looked badass. My nails were long and red, to match the lipstick. I added a fitted, double-breasted black coat to the look. The coat reached father down than the dress. I smirked at the thought. 

I looked at myself in the full length mirror in my bedroom. I looked damn good. I looked like the classy version of the street walker. There would be no doubt in anyone's mind that I wanted fucked. I was glad no one else would be home tonight, because there was no way my father would have let me out of the house looking like this. I was going to bring a change of clothes to the hotel room so that I wouldn't look conspicuous when I came home in the morning.

The finishing touch was perfume: Be Delicious by DKNY. After that, I grabbed my keys and went outside to my silver Civic. I had already decided to drive around if necessary so that I could be fashionably late. I wanted Greg to be sitting there waiting for me. I couldn't be early.

I sat in the parking lot for a few moments. I had to gather my nerves just a little. Though I'm pretty daring, I was a bit anxious. I dressed to tempt most of the time, but this was a smidgen scandalous even for me. It would be worth it though, especially when I got to see Greg's face when I walked through that door. Taking a deep breath, I grabbed my black Chanel purse and headed for the door to the lounge. 

The lights were dim; it took my eyes a few seconds to adjust. I saw Greg at the bar. He was talking to the bartender, so he didn't notice me just yet. I took the opportunity to use the surprise to my advantage. Stealthily, I walked to the stool next time him and sat in it. I crossed my legs to show a little more skin and expose the tops of my stockings. Leaning over, I whispered into Greg's ear. 

"Hello Sexy."

He turned casually toward me, but his eyes went wide as he took in my ensemble. I chuckled, and then asked the bartender for a virgin strawberry daiquiri. It sucked being underage in a bar, but the daiquiri would taste good. It was definitely the only virgin at the bar.

I had started to feel hot, so I removed my jacket. The bartender looked me up and down before composing my drink. I could feel the eyes of every man in the room; they were all on me. I was almost nervous, but then I remembered that I looked damn good. I basked in the attention and tossed my hair for show. Greg couldn't seem to peel his eyes off of me either; his gaze traveled my body from head to toe more than once. 

Now it was my turn to check him out. He had come in uniform, as requested. The camouflage had been rather easy to spot from the door. He was wearing Air Force BDUs; they looked great on his muscular frame. The sight of my sexy soldier made me salivate. He was mine whether he knew it or not. I wanted to tear that uniform off of him with my teeth, but I couldn't just yet. 

Every now and then I would rub his arm or whisper seductively into his ear. On his part, I could feel a rough palm brush over my thigh every so often. The anticipation was boiling inside of me and I was already wet. On one occasion, he had actually been ballsy enough to slide his finger inside my panties to see just how wet I was. His finger definitely came away wet. I wanted to fuck him. I was tempted to just ask him to fuck me here on that bar, but I told myself to wait.

We sat making idle conversation for about an hour. I sipped my drink and he had another shot of Jack Daniels. One of the other men at the tavern walked toward me with the intention of talking to me, but one fierce look from Greg sent him back to the table he had come from. Apparently I belonged to someone too, whether he acknowledged me or not.

Almost ten minutes later, I decided it was time to head to the hotel. Grabbing a note from my purse, I slipped it to him and got up from my stool. The note was small and gave distinct instructions: Follow me. You have 5 minutes to meet me outside. I folded my jacket over my arm and strutted through the bar to the door. 

Once outside, I watched my phone until he came outside. He had taken three minutes and was on his way toward me. I was leaning up against his car. I would leave my own car here at the bar for the night. In the morning, I would take a taxi back here to retrieve it. It was slightly chilly outside, but I still had not put my coat back on. He could surely see my hard nipples through my dress; I wasn't wearing a bra. 

He came straight over to me and backed me up into the car door. He lifted me up with his strong arms. I wrapped my legs around his waist. He hungrily took my mouth; there was nothing gentle about it. His teeth clicked against mine as he thrust his tongue as far into my mouth as he could. I struggled to breathe during his onslaught. I groaned and clawed at his shirt. His cock was hard and I could feel it through my dress. I wanted it. He brought his mouth to my neck and started taking love bites out of my flesh. I hissed a little; it hurt, but it felt too good to make him stop. I felt suction on my skin and knew he was marking me. He had always liked to brand me as his.

With as much force as I was capable of, I pushed him away. It was a battle to land on my feet in the stiletto heels, but I managed. I turned and opened the passenger door to get in. He caught his breath, and then got in beside me. 

"Where to now?" He asked.

I didn't answer him. I took my GPS from my purse and mounted it on his windshield. I had programmed it earlier to take him to the hotel. The hotel I had chosen was just outside of town; I had wanted extra time for what I had planned next. I hit "go" on the GPS and he got the hint. He started the car and began following the provided route. 

Now I got the pleasure of executing the next step in my plan. I reached over while he was driving and unbuckled his belt. He squirmed slightly, but I would not be deterred. I knew what I wanted. Next I undid the button and fly of his pants. My hand slid inside his boxers and began stroking his hard cock. I moaned when I felt how hard he really was. I circled my finger underneath the head of his cock. 

Last time we had been together, he had tasted me. Now it was my turn to taste that yummy cock of his. I carefully pulled his thick dick out of his pants and took it in my mouth. I knew he would have to concentrate even harder to drive while I sucked on his cock. I swirled my tongue over the sensitive skin and used my free hand to reach inside his boxers and play with his balls. His cock slid into the back of my throat. I gagged a little, but I wasn't going to stop. 

I slid his cock as deep as I could and applied a slight suction. It felt so good I moaned. I was sure he could feel the sound vibrate against his dick. I heard him groan and felt his balls tighten in my hand; it must have been a long two weeks. His cum started streaming in spurts against the back of my throat. I was out of practice, but I managed to swallow all of it without one stray drop. His salty cum was sticky in my mouth, but I loved giving him pleasure this way. 

He was still semi-hard, but I wanted to wait until we got to the hotel room before we had any more fun. I gently put his cock away and redid his pants. 

I straightened in my seat and spread my legs. I was sopping wet. My cunt was begging to be touched. I started to reach down to touch myself, but Greg's hand was already there. He pushed my thong to the side, and then slid one thick finger deep inside my pussy. I squealed in erotic delight. My hips began rolling into his hand; I couldn't get him deep enough. My cum coated his hand and finger. I was pretty sure he was going to have to clean the upholstery of his seat at a later date. 

He slid a second finger in my pussy and found that one spot that always makes me scream like a wild banshee. My hands clutched at the seat beneath me and I couldn't stay quiet. He drove with one hand and soon we were in the parking lot of our desired location. However, he didn't stop. The look on his face and the stern set to his jaw told me that he wanted me to cum with his fingers in my cunt. Who was I to argue?

His thumb started rubbing my clit while he continued to finger me hard and rough. It sent me over the edge. I screamed and dug my nails into leather. My hips jolted forward and my body shook. Cum was everywhere: down my thighs, on his hand and wrist, all over the seat. I was panting and I felt so hot. My vision was a blur of colored spots. He still knew just how to touch me. 

When I turned to look at him there was a grin on his lips. Part of me wanted to smack it off. I was supposed to be the one in charge here. Once we got up to that room, his ass was mine. 

He slid his tongue across his hand and tasted my cum. It was so exciting to watch. There was plenty more cum where that came from. He pulled some napkins from the center console; he gave some to me and used to rest to wipe off the cum that was on still on his hand. I used my napkins to wipe the cum from my thighs and some of the cum from the seat. 

I opened the car door and went to the hotel. I heard Greg shut his door behind me. I walked straight past the lobby toward room 307. I had come to the hotel and checked in earlier. I had planned everything. Well, as close to everything as I could.

Greg followed me to the elevator, and then to our room. I slid the key card into the lock and the light turned green. Inside, the room was gorgeous. I turned all of the lights on. I saw Greg take in the room. He gave no indication of what he thought of it, but I hoped he liked it. Setting my purse on the dresser, I turned to him. 

"So what do you think you were doing down there in that parking lot, Soldier?"

"I think I was fingering you until you came." He sounded cocky, and I knew I would have to set him straight. We were playing by my rules now.

"You will address me as ma'am, and that will not happen again." I gave him a serious look, and did my best to be intimidating. 

"You know you liked it. You can't deny it."

"I said that you will address me as MA'AM, Soldier. Try saying that again."

"You know that you enjoyed it, ma'am." He made sure to enunciate that last word. He didn't seem to be taking me seriously. Okay, tough love it is.

"What you forget, Soldier, is that you agreed to play by my rules tonight. Until 0500 tomorrow morning, you're on my terms. Now I'd like you to drop and give me twenty."

He looked at me with a raised eyebrow like he thought I was kidding. Well, I wasn't kidding.

"DROP AND GIVE ME TWENTY, SOLDIER! NOW!" I shouted. I think now he got my point. Before I finished speaking, he had dropped to the floor. He did twenty pushups, counting them out to me as he went. When he was done, he stood at attention.

"Ma'am, what would you like me to do now, ma'am?" 

"Strip, Soldier. Take off everything. And I do mean everything."

He started with his camo jacket. In less than a minute, his clothes sat in a heap on the floor.

"Lay down on the bed, Soldier. You will lay there and take any orders I give you. Do you understand me?"

"Ma'am, yes ma'am."

Greg did as he was told. It was amazing to be in control of someone else. I think the power was already starting to go to my head. I went over to the dresser and pulled two pairs of handcuffs out of my purse. I just couldn't resist. They were a strong metal, police issue. Handcuffs in hand, I walked over to the king size bed.

"I am going to handcuff you to the bed Soldier. You are not to move unless I directly instruct you to do so. If I ask you a question, you will answer me. You will not hesitate to follow these instructions. Am I making myself clear, Soldier?"

He hesitated for a moment, and then answered: "Ma'am, yes ma'am."

"Good."

The cuffs clicked as I secured first one of his hands, and then the other, to the headboard of the bed. I felt like a wicked dominatrix. Tonight was going to be long and wild. I reached for the bottom of my dress, and slid it up over my head. That left me in a thong, garter belt, stockings, and slutty high heeled boots.

I slid onto the bed and crawled over to him. I swung one leg over his body and straddled his mouth. He moved his mouth toward my cunt, but I pushed him back down into the bed.

"You will do as I say, and only as I say. You will not move one muscle unless I instruct you to do so."

"Ma'am, yes ma'am."

"Are you hard for me, Soldier?"

"Ma'am, yes ma'am." 

"Do you want to lick your dirty slut, Soldier?"

"Ma'am, yes ma'am."

"Then lick me. Lick my pussy and nibble on my clit."

He eagerly did as I said. His tongue slid up my pussy and he nibbled on my clit. I closed my eyes and moaned, just drowning in the heat. He grew more adventurous when I didn't yell at him. More of my cum coated his tongue. His teeth and tongue worked like magic. I stopped him before he could bring me close to cumming. 

"Stop."

He obeyed. I don't think he wanted to, but he did. It was almost disappointing, but I wanted cock, and I wanted it more than I wanted his tongue in my pussy. I slid down his body and poised myself over his cock. In a smooth, hard motion, I slid down on his dick. 

"Ahhhh, fuck. My naughty soldier feels so fucking good."

It was true. There was no feeling like having a big cock filling my cunt. I loved this feeling. The only thing that could possibly tie with cock was chocolate, but chocolate was definitely not on my mind right now. I didn't move my body, but I began to do something that I knew drove him nuts. I flexed my inner muscles around his cock, milking him. His wrists rattled in the cuffs, but he couldn't move them. He eyed the keys that sat on the bedside table, but there was no possible way for him to reach them.

"Are you a naughty soldier?" I asked.

"Yes ma'am I am."

"Am I your dirty slut?"

"Oh yes, ma'am. You are my dirty slut. Please, fuck me. Ride me, I can't take much more."

He was only starting to plead. I wanted him to beg me. I wanted him to suffer the same torment I'd been suffering for the past two weeks. Then again, I could only hold back a little longer. Every fiber of my being was shouting for me to impale myself over and over again on his hard cock. I wanted to ride him hard and rough. I didn't care if it hurt; I wanted a good hard fucking.

"I will ride you when I'm good and ready! And not a moment sooner Soldier. This is MY game."

At that he shut his mouth. I think he was starting to get pissy, but he knew he was in no position to argue. He was in a position to save a horse so I could ride my military cowboy. 

I waited just a few more minutes before I started moving on his cock. I felt my body sing as I gave in to my urges. Greg too seemed to groan in relief. Our bodies were in sync. We've fucked so many times it would be impossible for them not to be. There was no possible way to count the times that his thick dick had reamed my tight cunt. We just fit. We shared the same fetishes. He was the perfect fuck buddy. No guy I knew was as kinky as me, except for Greg.

My body whipped back and forth, as if he was a mechanical bull and I was the girl in chaps on top of it. I slammed down on his cock, causing both pain and pleasure. I was trying to get his cock as deep as possible. I loved the feel of his dick hitting my cervix. I loved testing the limits.

His hips rose off the bed to help him thrust deeper into my pussy. At this point, I didn't care. I wanted his creamy cum in my cunt, and I wanted my cum on his cock. I couldn't stay quiet; whimpers, groans and screams echoed off the walls. He sped up the pace and his moans grew louder. We would both be coming soon. With one final scream, we came together.

I could feel his sperm shooting against the walls of my pussy while my cunt tensed around his dick. Every muscle in my body was quivering. Greg's body was taught under me, and for a moment I wished his hands were free for him to wrap around me. Oh well. There would be more chances for that later...