 I've had my eye on my wife's friend Sue for some time. My wife Hannah and I no longer have sex. She started to tell me it hurts when I enter her. I am just average length around six inches but my dick is thick. I asked her to go see the doctor but she says it would be too embarrassing. My eyes soon began to wander. Sue is the total opposite of my wife. Sue is short with brown hair and she is shapely with big breasts. My wife is blond, tall and thin.

I didn't know how to approach the idea of hitting on Sue. When she and her husband Larry are over at our house, I am constantly looking at Sue's ass and tits. One day everything changed. My wife went out on Saturday morning to have her hair done and to go shopping afterwards. I would have the house all to myself for a few hours. I no sooner got relaxed when the doorbell rang. When I answered it there stood Sue.

"I was supposed to meet Hannah but I see her car isn't here," she told me.

I told Sue that Hannah would be back shortly and she should wait for her. I got Sue a bottle of water and as we stood in the kitchen I decided to make my move. I couldn't see a better time for this. Sue barely opened the bottle of water and sat it down when I moved in close to her. I knew I couldn't ask permission. I got hold of the edge of her shirt and I lifted it up over her head. Sue's face was one of total surprise.

"John, what are you doing!?"

"I have wanted you for a long time Sue and now I am going to have you," I said.

The look on Sue's face was priceless. I just went forward and I unsnapped her bra. It was just as I thought. For a small woman her breasts were big and her nipples looked hard. I quickly lowered my face and began to suck on one nipple and then the next. I think Sue lost any resistance to me stripping her down. I then worked her shorts and panties down to the floor. Sue's pussy was neatly trimmed down. I quickly shed my shirt, pants and underwear and we stood before each other total naked.

The dining room table was close by so I moved Sue over to it. I lifted her up on the edge and then took hold of my cock and started to rub the head over her mound. That got Sue going, that much was for sure. She spread her legs wider for me and I pressed my mushroom up and down her wet slit. Yes, she was already oozing with her juices. It didn't take much for my dick to get hard. I wish I could have had more foreplay but I hadn't had sex in many months. 

I pushed in past Sue's folds and I buried my dick inside the whole way. You should have heard the moans coming from Sue's mouth. For a minute or so I just left my cock inside and didn't move it. I could feel Sue's pussy spasming all around my shaft. When I thought she was good and ready I started feeding Sue my prick. I have to say that her pussy needed cock. I took hold of Sue's legs and pushed them back. I guess I just went crazy. I was banging her pussy for all it was worth.

Sue didn't object at all. She seemed to be in a sex haze. She had her eyes closed and her head was thrown back. Our mounds were hitting as I entered Sue's pussy again and again. All I could think about was that I should have done this years ago. I went a little crazy and started to tell Sue her pussy was all mine. 

"Oh my God!" Sue kept repeating.

Thankfully my wife wouldn't be home for some hours. I could just see her face if she caught me fucking her best friend. I was stroking Sue with my hardest thrusts. I would enter her and then slowly withdraw so the tip of my dick was resting at her opening. I almost wanted Sue to beg me to shove it in one more time. I would push in hard so I was completely inside Sue. Something told me she wasn't getting sex like this at home. Sue's muscles were holding me tightly. I knew I couldn't hold out much longer.

When I felt my balls pinching, I sped up. I knew there was no way I could pull out now. I had to seed Sue's pussy this first time. A few more deep thrusts and then I unloaded. All those months without sex, I knew I had a big load stored up just for Sue. I squirted hot ropes of my cream deep into Sue's body. Sue screamed as she felt my love seed enter her belly. Her pussy was working overtime squeezing my dick dry. It felt like I came for fifteen minutes or so but I knew that couldn't be the case.

I did finally go soft and I had to pull out. Huge globs of my cum came spilling out of Sue's gash. Sue weakly got to her feet and ran into the bathroom. A few minutes passed and Sue returned. She slowly picked up her clothes and began to get dressed.

"I enjoyed what we did John but it can never happen again. Hannah is my friend and I won't risk losing her friendship," Sue said to me.

It was like she slapped me in the face. I had all these grand plans of having Sue whenever I wanted and now she told me it was one and done. I got my clothes on as well and I walked Sue to the door. She kissed me and said to tell Hannah that they could hookup another time. I watched Sue drive off and I was crestfallen. My dick ached from all that hot fucking. Maybe I am bullheaded but I still plan to have Sue again. She just doesn't know it yet.