 It was well past midnight and Leo was in high spirits. It was the first night of an amazing festival, and he'd stayed out late to watch the last set. Now he wandered blearily back to his tent and the rest of his friends, mildly confused by the flag system but certain he'd get there eventually.

As he stopped to fill his bottle from the pump, a short and incredibly drunk guy staggered up to him.

'Yoodude, whatsupp!!' He slurred out, his arm drifting up to bump fists.

'Hey man,' replied Leo. 'I'm a bit lost!'

'Ohh that's, uh,' the guy opened his mouth uncertainly and swayed towards the ground. Acting on reflex, Leo caught him before he hit. Then the guy vomited. Most of it missed them, but some of it dribbled on to the guy's shirt.

For fuck's sake thought Leo.

'Sor - hic - sorry' mumbled the drunk.

'Come on man, where are you staying. I'll get you back,' said Leo with resignation. He wasn't the most caring, but leaving this guy sprawling in vomit just didn't sit right.

After a few minutes of slow stumbling, they reached one of the smaller tents. The guy had fallen in to a sort of stupor; but seeing the tent brought some energy came back to him.

'Katie, hey! Katie!' he groaned out as he scrabbled ineffectually for the tent's zip. There was a pause and it was undone from within.

'Ricky?' called a girl from inside. The tent flap fell away and Leo caught a glimpse of pale arms reaching out for the drunk, presumably Ricky. 'Urgh, what the fuck!' she exclaimed, smelling the vomit.

'It's fine, I just need sleep it's fine' mumbled Ricky, shoving past her and collapsing on to floor of the tent. Leo ducked down to the entrance.

'Hi,' he called out, 'I'm Leo. Walked him from the pump.' Ricky waved an arm in Leo's direction.

'He saved me babe, we owe him one.'

'Oh! Thanks,' said Katie, flashing him a quick smile before turning back to Ricky. Leo got an impression of big innocent eyes and friendly features in the second she was facing him. It was hard to check her out properly in this light, but she seemed petite. Katie bent to heave Ricky over and Leo caught a glimpse of a perfect peachy behind.

'Hey let me give you a hand' said Leo, crawling in to the tent. Together they lay Ricky on his front, and propped a bowl under his mouth. Almost the moment they sat down, Ricky started to snore.

'Any excuse,' said Katie with scowl.

'Happens a lot huh?'

'Every other week, always the same. "How he grew up"' Katie flicked at a spec of mud in annoyance. 'He said he'll change once we're married but who knows when that will be.'

'Wow, you're - '

'-Engaged, yup.' Katie held out a hand, the glimmer of a ring just visible. 'He's lovely sober but this is just...'

'Too much?' offered Leo.

'Too much.' There was a moment's pause. 'So, are you camped near here?' said Katie.

'I have no idea' replied Leo laughingly. 'Red zone, wherever that is'

'Oh shiit,' replied Katie, moving away from him and opening up a map. 'Yeah that's like an hour's walk from here'.

'Seriously?' Leo looked over at the map. He'd been walking the opposite direction since the set had finished.

'Urgh.' He raised his hands in exasperation.

'Aww, sorry,' said Katie, giving him a quick hug. 'You did a good thing tonight, fate will make up.' Leo felt her breasts press up against him. As they parted he weighed his words carefully.

'I'm really tired, and I really don't want to walk back. Because of that, can I sleep here tonight?'

'Uh...' he could sense that Katie was torn. 'Sure, why not. I guess we owe you' she said, flashing him another smile.

She zipped up the tent and made room for him on the mattress, wrapping her sleeping bag around her. They lay there for a minute before Leo mentioned the obvious and asked to share it. It was only a small sleeping bag so they ended up pressed together, her hair in his face and her ass against his crotch.

Time stretched out and it was clear neither of them were sleeping. Leo turned the situation over in his head and made his move. One arm around her stomach, ready to be moved away if she said anything. Not a word. He moved his hand up to her breast, gently grabbing one handful and letting it slip free. He felt her ass push against him and she sighed.

They went on like that for what felt like forever, the question and the answer obvious to both of them. Gradually one hand became two, and her top came off. Katie had been grinding against his erection the whole time, so when Leo's hand finally made its way past her knickers he found she was dripping.

His fingers slipped in to her easily, and with just the slightest stroke of her clit she was breathless. Leo teased both her clit and her pussy, getting her close to orgasm then fading away just before. He wanted her to be as horny as he could make her.

Right at the peak of one almost orgasm, he pulled his trousers down to his knees and maneuvered his cock between her legs. He slid in to her from behind, savoring the wetness of her cheating pussy.

Suddenly, her hand grabbed his head and pulled it round towards hers. She kissed him fiercely on the cheek and whispered in his ear.

'I want you to cum inside me.'

Leo fucked her with slowly, with a bit of extra force at the end of each stroke. It was for her, but also to prolong it. There was a raw thrill to fucking someone's fiancée while they were passed out next to you. It took everything he had not to fill her up right then.

Playing for time, he shifted position, rolling her on to her front. Each thrust pushed her in to the mattress. On impulse he wormed his hand under her and grabbed her breast, squeezing it almost painfully.

His thrusts became rapid, but steady he and squeezed again. Katie's gasped in time and Leo felt her pussy clench up. He managed one more stroke then came, hard. His balls pumped in rhythm with her pussy as he flowed in to her. They'd both tried their hardest to come quietly, and it seemed to have been enough. Ricky's snores continued.

As they pulled their clothes back on, Leo smiled at the thought of his cum, warm inside her. Then he saw Katie lean over Ricky and whisper something to his sleeping form. Leo thought for a second that Ricky was awake, but he was definitely asleep. Strange.

'What was that?' he whispered. Katie turned to Leo, and her face was surprisingly serious.

'I said, this is for you.'

For rest of the festival they were a group. Katie being friendly but never flirty while Ricky was up, and taking load after load of Leo's cum the moment Ricky passed out.

After every night she'd whisper the same thing to Ricky; 'this is for you.'

Three months after the festival Leo was surprised and happy to be invited to their wedding. It seemed that something had pushed Ricky to get his act together. Leo thought of his cum oozing out of Katie on the final night of the festival, and smiled as clicked 'Attending'.