 "I like it when you do that," was all he needed to hear to send me over the top. Sex was Sarah's business and she was very good at it. I had been dating her for several months now and just sort of accepted her career as a high priced call girl simply because she was good to me and when we are together she makes me feel like I am the only man she wants to be with and always shows me how very much she loves me.

Still I can not help but wonder sometimes what she is like with the other men, what she says to them while they fuck her and if she looks at them the way she looks at me. Despite her job Sarah loves sex and it's almost like a drug high for her, she craves it and indulges in it every chance she gets and she keeps me very busy and very happy.

Every part of the body was good for something to do with sex. Sarah used her hands and feet as well as her tits about as expertly as she did her mouth and pussy to bring the ultimate pleasure. Her only draw back seemed to be kissing. She never would kiss me on the mouth and vowed she kisses no one on the mouth. Way to personal she always said. "I can't be a virgin for anyone, I have nothing to give. The only special thing I have and I have control over is my choice to kiss anyone on the mouth." My ultimate reward would be for Sarah to kiss me deeply and passionately on the mouth.

Sarah was exceptionally hot tonight almost too wild. So here I am sitting in this chair writing and watching her sleep while I just try to touch down to earth again. The animal that fucked me tonight is sleeping like a baby and looks like an angel it amazes me.

She had been teasing me all evening dropping little hints about her intentions she seemed more wound up than normal. I thought I had become acquainted with all of Sarah's moods, but I was wrong. I knew she was hot and it was going to be one of those wild nights and she had me hard off and on all evening. She was almost impossible to ignore and she made sure you didn't try to hard. She had not worked for a couple days and all her attention seemed to be on me tonight.

I heard the bedroom door open and turned my head that direction and there she was and she looked gorgeous he long dark hair framed her doll like face and her eyes were telling some wild promises she was wearing a red leather thong and bra I had not seen before her hands were behind her back and that smile just nearly made me cum right there. She walked toward me the closer she got stronger her scent she smelled so good she was wearing the perfume I got her and she always just wore it when we were alone, never when she worked.

As she got closer I got more excited she just seemed to have that look in her eye and I wasn't sure I would be ready for it at all. Sarah stopped right in front of me on the couch straddled my knees reached down the front of the red thong and began rubbing herself with her other hand she moved it aside and I could see clearly every move her beautiful hand made. "Oh no!" she said when I reached for her she was not going to let me touch her just yet. 

When she removed her hand from her pussy I saw how wet her hand was and nearly drooled when I watched her put her fingers to her mouth and begin sucking the juices from them. "That's good baby" was all she said and she again reached down to that soft mound between her legs. She lifted one leg and put it on the couch beside my knee, opening her legs a little wider giving me a little better view. "Do you want to touch me, do you want to do this for me?" she asked. Sarah was holding her lips apart now and exposing her clit to my eyes and her finger as she now used both hands, I just sat there and watched and felt as if I were going to bust open my cock was so hard.

Her face showed the intensity of her touching, he head was sort of thrown back and her eyes closed, she alternated between biting her bottom lip and her tongue. Her tiny hands and fingers together were getting her to the point where I knew she was going to cum. I had never seen her do this before and watching her face was so hot. I heard the long deep moan and watched her body shudder and I could see her fingers doused in the slick cum and her smell tantalized me more. She just kept going and in seconds she was there again. 

She then drug her wet hand across my cheek, and to my lips and I could taste her she was driving me to a point where I could not stop if I wanted to. She removed the red thong and dropped it by my feet and positioned herself on the arm of the couch. The way she sat with her legs apart and how she grabbed my hair and pulled me toward her left no guesswork as to what she wanted me to do. My tongue found its way to her wetness and began probing deeply inside of her. Moving her feet to the tops of my shoulders and her back pressed against the wall I devoured the treasure she offered.

Bringing my tongue along her parted lips to her still throbbing clit tasting her and covering my face with her drove me, I wanted to fuck her now but I knew she wasn't ready. Sucking on her clit torturing it with my tongue until she forced herself against my face and tongue now begging me to make her cum. Taking her ankles in my hands I forced her legs wider and held them extended as I buried my face and tongue in her wetness and used my tongue as the weapon she needed until her screams filled the room and I felt the hot splash across my face and she pulled my hair and my head closer grinding herself against me. 

There was no more holding back for me, I grabbed her by the legs pulling her from the arm and down onto the couch until she lay flat on her back. I stood and got my pants of as quickly as I could. Getting my cock into her was all I could think about. Getting inside was easy, she was so slick so wet I began pounding into her with great force I could feel her fingernails digging deeply into my shoulders each time I pushed my self into her deeper. I could feel her closing around me and how tight and swollen she was. Sarah had never been a quiet lover and tonight was no different in fact she was nearly screaming now. "That's it baby fuck me harder" and man that is what I did. 

I Stopped long enough to sit her up and tell her to roll over, grabbing her by the hips raising her to her knees I knew I had her in one of her favorite positions. I reached between her legs and ran my finger along the slit and could feel her tremble and she was so wet. Slapping her sharply on the ass the way I knew she liked had her screaming again. Once again inside I began taking long strokes and slamming deeply inside until she would cry out. Her movements were frantic almost trying to meet my thrusts and take me deeper and harder then every few minutes the slap on the ass again and I could feel her juices run from between her lips full with me against my balls. I thought I was holding on pretty good and damn it she knew me too well.

Pulling out and sliding my cock up and to her waiting ass I almost came thinking about it. Making sure I was wet and slick I slowly entered her, so slow so I would not hurt her and so I would not cum just yet. Once she had my head in she slid further back along my shaft and her gyrating pelvis began moving I felt like I was the one being fucked. 

I could feel her skin was hot and clammy almost in a sweat and I was so close to cumming now. Reaching around and rubbing my thumb along her very hard clit made her moans louder again, "I like it when you do that" was all it took, as I could wait no more. I felt the release like it came from my toes and all the way up I felt Sarah clamp down around my fingers now inside her pussy. My heart was pounding in my ears and her words echoed inside my head "I like it when you do that" magic words and It was all over with.