 Val woke up feeling so horny. She loved being married to Daniel even though he was twice her age. Daniel was loaded, and Val never had to worry about money or getting a job, which was her dream come true, but she was horny all of the time. Sure, she constantly cheated on him, but it started getting boring for her. Val needed a challenge; she just didn't know what.

Time to describe Val, Val is a 5ft9in blonde White bombshell. She has a model figure with DD titties. She looked hot as hell, and she knew it. Since she was 14 years old Val could get any guy she wanted, and she loved it. She always had a boyfriend, and when she was bored with him she would find someone else. She continued like this until her mid 20's when she realized that she needed to turn this into a permanent thing, so she married Daniel, who is a CEO of a gigantic pharmaceutical company. Life was good for Val. No children, husband who didn't look great, but had a lot of money and was gone all of the time, left Val with so much time on her hands that she constantly cheated on her husband.

Anyways, back to the present, Val was sitting with her neighbor, Ameera. Ameera was a sweet Arab-Muslim woman, wearing the hijab. Val made sure not to look like a complete slut when she would visit Ameera for coffee. Ameera was the only neighbor that would invite Val to her home. All of the other neighbors worried that Val would try and seduce their husbands. But Val was not interested in any of her neighbors. They were all either old or out of shape. 

Ameera was small, skinny, and decent looking. Val liked her personality, but Val knew that Ameera and her husband didn't care about how they looked, because of their religious beliefs. The hijab made Val not even look at Ameera, and the long beard on her husband, Tarek, instantly put up a shield for Val.

Val and Ameera were drinking coffee and talking, when Tarek came in. Preoccupied from having just finished with his daily run, and wiping sweat off of his face, Tarek didn't realize they had a guest. 

Val wasn't even going to look at Tarek, but when he took off his sweaty shirt, everything about Tarek changed in Val's eyes.

When Tarek realized they had a guest, he blushed, apologized, and began leaving the kitchen, but the image had already sunk into Val's mind.

When Tarek had taken off his shirt, Val's jaw dropped, and before Tarek realized that she was there, Val got a big eyeful of his chiseled chest, pecks, and 6-pack abs. Val couldn't believe it. Even his face was sexy as hell, him having a smooth face from shaving off his beard just this morning. 

How had she never noticed him? She thought to herself. She guessed, him being an Arab and a Muslim just programmed her mind to think that he wasn't sexy, but wow, was she wrong.

"Oh excuse me, I'm so sorry." Tarek said as he left to put on a shirt.

"Wow." Val said.

"What was that?" Ameera asked. 

"Oh nothing, so Ameera, tell me, what's your daily schedule like?" Val asked.

"Well, I'm home all day, some of the kids are in school, and I'm with the baby, who is napping at the moment." Ameera answered.

"Uh-huh, and Tarek?" Val asked, wanting to know his schedule, and not caring about the others.

"Well, you know he's a cardiologist, but he runs his own practice, so he opens it from 9am to 3pm, sometimes later." Ameera answered.

"A cardiologist you say, wow, big bucks." Val said.

Ameera started laughing.

Tarek was walking through the hall when he heard his wife laughing, and then he heard his neighbor say his name.

"And sorry, but I couldn't help but notice that Tarek clearly works out." Val said feeling hotter than ever at just playing back in her head what Tarek's body looked like.

Tarek couldn't help but smile, glad that someone noticed he works out.

"Yeah, Tarek decided in medical school that he was going to work out, so that when he tells his patients to exercise and be healthy, he wouldn't be a hypocrite." Ameera said.

"When does he find the time?" Val asked.

"Not sure, but he finds time." Ameera said, clearly not caring about the conversation. "I don't think about it, really. My husband is my husband."

"Yeah, but I bet with a body like that, he is good in the sack." Val said out of reflex.

Tarek began to blush.

Ameera gasped, and said "Val, we don't talk like that in this house."

"Oh sorry, I didn't mean to insult you." Val said, catching herself too late.

"It's okay, we just don't talk about sex, its only meant to have children." Ameera said, feeling uncomfortable.

"Wait, you're telling me that the only times you and your husband have sex is when you want to have children?" Val asked in disbelief.

"Of course, why else would we have sex?" Ameera asked, not understanding why else anyone would have sex.

"For fun, of course!" Val exclaimed.

Ameera started laughing, and Val stared at her, with the realization that she now has her challenge set. She is going to fuck her neighbor's faithful, sexy, and religious husband.

Tarek couldn't help it, but he began getting so hard and horny. He satisfies himself at least 5 times a day, because his wife won't touch him. He relies on his porn, but of course his wife could never know.

"You're so funny Val. Anyways, listen I should make Tarek his lunch, how about I see you later." Ameera said, ending the conversation.

"Okay sweetie, no worries, I will walk myself out." Val said, after catching a glimpse of Tarek in the hallway.

They kissed on the cheeks, and Val began walking towards the hallway.

Tarek realized that he will be caught listening in on them, so he tried to walk back.

"Hi Tarek." Val whispered.

"Oh hey Val, you leaving?" Tarek asked, pretending like he didn't hear the conversation that Val just had with his wife.

"Yeah, have to get home and start taking care of business." Val said as she got close to him, leading Tarek to have his back faced against the wall.

"Yeah." Tarek said, feeling nervous, and placed his hand on his head, rubbing his hair. 

Not meaning too, Tarek accidentally flexed his biceps to Val, and Val took advantage, and said, "God Tarek, looks like you are taking care of business too." She began touching and feeling his bicep.

"Oh, umm, yeah, thanks." Tarek said, completely nervous and turned on at the same time.

"Oh what about this?" Val asked, as she placed her hand on his crotch.

Out of shock, Tarek groaned out loud, and immediately prayed that his wife didn't hear him.

"Uhh, Val, you shouldn't do that, AmeeraÉ" Tarek began saying.

But before he could finish what he was saying, Val interrupted him, and said, "Ameera isn't enjoying your body the way she should."

"What do you mean?" Tarek asked as he began to sweat.

"If my husband had your body, oh baby, we wouldn't be able to get out of bed from the continuous hardcore fucking we would be having." Val said bluntly and seductively.

Tarek gulped and began looking all over the hallway, making sure that his wife and children didn't hear what the hot neighbor just said.

Seeing this as an opportunity, Val kissed Tarek's bulging bicep, and said "I will see you around stud" and walked away, not looking back, knowing that the plan has been set in motion. 

Tarek just stared at his hot neighbor as she closed the door behind her; he was so horny and turned on, he couldn't help but imagine himself fucking Val, despite him being married. 

As soon as the door closed, Tarek ran to the bathroom to release the tension, knowing he was about to blow a huge load, just from fantasizing about his neighbor, which he secretly has done on numerous occasions.



---The Next Day---

 Tarek was about to leave for work, when he noticed that his neighbor parked behind their driveway, preventing Tarek from leaving.

He told his wife, "Honey, I am going to tell the neighbor to move his car."

"Ok honey, just going to finish up with the kids." His wife answered back.

Tarek walked over to his neighbors, and hoped he wouldn't run into Val, but rather her husband, Daniel. 

Tarek knocked on the door to his neighbor's house.

The door opened, and there in front of him stood Val in nothing but a tight tank top and the tiniest shorts Tarek had ever seen.

Tarek completely forgot why he was there, and as he went to look at Val's face, he saw the sexiest smile he had ever seen.

Remembering why he was there, Tarek said, "Uh, hey Val could you move your car, it's blocking the driveway, and I need to get to work."

Without a second thought, Val grabbed Tarek's hand, and pulled him into her home, and closed the door behind him.

Val pushed Tarek against the door.

"What are you dÉ?" Tarek asked, but got interrupted from Val putting her tongue into his mouth and giving him the hottest kiss he had ever had.

Tarek was so consumed by the kiss that he didn't noticed when Val placed her hands in the top of his buttoned-up dress shirt.

Val, then, let go of the kiss and looked at him and saw a slight devilish grin that she was hoping to bring out of the good husband and neighbor.

With that, Val ripped Tarek's buttoned shirt in half causing buttons to fly everywhere.

"Holy fuck! What are you doing?" Tarek asked shocked and hornier than he's ever been.

Val didn't answer, she just went straight to Tarek's' hard chest and began licking and biting all throughout his body, going from his hard pecks to his nipples, and to his 6-pack abs.

"Oh fuck, that feels good Val. Fuck!" Tarek said, trying to fight the amazing feelings he was getting from the way Val was treating his body, but clearly failing.

"Stop, you have to stop, I am married." Tarek pleaded, "My wife is right next door. We can't do this. Ahh, God damn it!" Val had just bitten his nipple hard.

"Does your wife lick and bite your body like a lollipop, like the way I do?" Val asked, already knowing the answer, but wanting the betrayal to be cemented in the unfaithful husband.

Tarek looked at her and said "No she doesn't."

"Don't you wish she did?" Val asked, as she continued licking his body, get saliva all over his hard chest and abs, while rubbing it with her hands at the same time.

"God damn it, this feels so fucking good." Tarek couldn't believe what he was saying, but it was all true, and that made it even worse for him.

"That's it Val, you really have to stop. I am a faithful husband. I can't cheat on my wife." Tarek said with every ounce of fight and resistance he could muster up.

"But don't you want to play with these?" Val asked as she took off her tank top, exposing her DD titties.

Tarek's jaw dropped in shock at the amazingly huge titties that were in front of him. 

All thought of his wife went away as he grabbed both titties, smiled so wide, said, "Fuck it", and began sucking and biting on Val's nipples, and motor-boating her huge fucking titties.

Val began feeling so horny and wet from the cheating husband as he ravished her DD titties. She leaned back and let him doing anything he wanted. 

"God damn, you have amazing titties Val. Fuck, they are huge!" Tarek exclaimed in astonishment and joy, then went back to ravishing them.

"Bigger than your wife's?" Val asked, and laughed at the thought. 

"Oh fuck yeah!" Tarek exclaimed. 

Seeing how excited Tarek was, Val took the opportunity and placed her hands on his hard chest, turned him to where his back was facing the hallway, and pushed him into her kitchen.

As Tarek was being pushed backwards to the kitchen, he couldn't help but smile and think to himself, "Wow I can't believe this is happening to me."

Once at the counter, Val got on her knees, and began taking off Tarek's belt, needing his cock in her mouth right now.

"Oh baby, I am going to give you the sloppiest blowjob you have ever had." Val said, not being able to wait any longer.

"Fuck! Fuck! I can't do this Val, my wife, she could come in any moment and see this; she can see my car still hasn't moved." Tarek said, wanting to stop this, not due to him not wanting to cheat on his wife, but really due to him not wanting to get caught cheating on his wife.

"Who fucking cares about your wife?" Val asked as she unzipped Tarek's pants, and pulled out his 9 inch hard as a rock cock.

Tarek moaned out in pleasure when Val began stroking his cock.

"Poor baby, let me guess your boring wife doesn't suck your cock." Val said as she licked Tarek's cock like a popsicle.

"No, she doesn't do oral pleasure." Tarek said, starting to realize exactly what he has been missing.

"Well, too bad for her, because I am hungry for some cock." Val said, and with that, began giving Tarek the best blowjob he could ever imagine.

Tarek placed one hand on the corner of the kitchen island, and the other behind his head, getting so drawn into the pleasure that he missed hearing the front door open and close.

"Sweetheart, you in here? I knocked, but no one answered." Ameera talked loudly as she began walking towards the kitchen.

"Oh shit! Hide Val, hide." Tarek pleaded with Val, but Val wouldn't stop. 

"Ahh fuck it!" Tarek said not wanting Val to stop anyways.

Tarek moved to the side of the counter and bent on it while grabbing his shirt tight; making sure that even though Val was still sucking his cock, she couldn't be seen by his wife, which was perfect timing, as she had just entered the kitchen.

"Hey honey, no luck?" Ameera asked, looking at her husband, completely unaware of what he was doing.

"What?" Tarek asked confused at the question, because he was feeling very lucky at the moment.

"With Val sweetheart, is she not here?" Ameera asked, none the wiser.

"Umm, no I guess not, haven't really looked throughout the house." Tarek said, hating the fact that he was lying to his wife, but he figured it was better than the alternative, which would be her finding out that he was getting his cocked sucked by their neighbor at this very second.

Ameera took a couple of steps towards him, and Tarek shouted "Stop right there, honey!" 

Ameera stopped, and had a startled look on her face.

Tarek, thinking quick on his feet, asked "Do you have your cell phone with you?"

"No, I left it at home." Ameera answered, still confused at her husband.

"Why don't you go home, and call her on your cell phone and I will wait here in case she comes back." Tarek suggested, desperately hoping that his wife would listen and leave, so he can get back to doing things to Val that he learned from all of the porn he watched.

"Okay sweetheart, great thinking, I will let you know what she says." Ameera said with a smile, and with that, left to go back to their home.

Feeling he was about to cum, Tarek pushed Val off of him and when the door closed from Ameera leaving, Val asked, "What was that for?"

Tarek looked at the door, then back at her, and smiled wickedly at her. 

He took out his cell phone, dialed a number, and then spoke to who must have been one of his receptionists.

"Hey Lindsay, listen I am going to be a bit late. Cancel my morning appointments, and I will be there before noon. Okay, bye." Tarek said and then hung up.

Val looked at the time; it was only 8:45am. She began getting even hotter knowing what her neighbor had planned for her.

"Do you think I am going to waste my cum on a blowjob?" Tarek said, and with that he got out of his pants, took off his ripped shirt, jumped on the counter, laid down on his back, took hold of his hard cock, pointed it into the air, began jerking it with his right hand, while he flexed his left arm behind his head, and gave Val the sexiest look of his life.

"I'm already cheating on my wife, might as well enjoy it, and fulfil all of my dirty, nasty fantasies that I have had of you." Tarek said, fully embracing his cheating ways, not caring about being loyal to his wife, or about how he was acting in front of his neighbor, but fully accepting the fact that he was fucking hot, that his neighbor was fucking hot, that she wanted him to fuck her, that he wanted to fuck her despite the fact that was married, and that he wanted to fulfill all of his fantasies and urges.

Val smiled so wide, and got on top of him, and said, "That's it baby, let the fucking begin." 

And just as she was about to inhale herself onto Tarek's hard and thick cock, she asked, "Oh, but wait, are you sure you want to do this, what about your wife?" 

Val already knew the answer before Tarek even answered, but she wanted him to say it. She wanted the fact that he was cheating on his wife with his hot neighbor to be in his mind the entire time. This turned on Val so much.

Tarek looked at Val, then turned to look at his house through the kitchen window, thought for a second about his wife, then turned back to Val and looked at her huge titties, then her sexy face, gave her a devilish smile, and said, "Fuck my wife". 

And with that, Val smiled so big, having convinced her faithful neighbor to cheat on his wife, and sat on Tarek's hard cock.

"Fuck yeah baby, fucking ride this cock!" Tarek shouted as he placed his hands behind his head and flexed for Val, showing off his huge biceps and hard chest.

Tarek was so turned on; he couldn't even remember the last time he had sex. He wanted to fuck like his favorite porn stars. He thought, "Fuck, I'm already cheating on my wife, and I am sure this will be the only time, just to let it out of my system, might as well enjoy it and do everything I have ever wanted to do."

Val grabbed onto his pecks and rode Tarek so hard and so fast that he didn't care his wife was next door and could probably hear their screams of pleasure.

"Holy fuck Val! You know how to fucking ride this cock!" Tarek shouted in ecstasy.

"That's right baby! I ride better than your wife, don't I?" Val screamed, loving how hard and big Tarek's cock was, and how good it felt in her tight pussy.

"Fuck yeah! My wife only does missionary." Tarek said, resenting his wife for not giving him the pleasure that Val was providing him.

"Who's hotter, me or your wife?" Val asked, again, wanting Tarek to betray his wife.

"God damn, you are a slut!" Tarek exclaimed, "You, baby, you are way hotter than my wife!"

"FUCK!!!" Tarek shouted, feeling so fucking good from the hardcore fucking that he didn't realize he was capable of doing, but that he was so glad he was doing. "I should have been fucking you since the first day you moved in!!!" Tarek yelled.

"Fuck baby, don't you worry, we will make up for all of the time we have missed." Val said, already planning that she is going to have her hot neighbor fuck her on a daily basis, until of course she gets bored, but that's a different challenge for a different day.

"Baby, I can't hold it, baby I'm cumming, I'm fucking cumming!" Tarek shouted, right on the verge of cumming.

"Cum baby, cum for me." Val begged.

But before Tarek could have his orgasm, his cell phone rang with his wife's ringtone.

"Fuck. Ignore her." Tarek said, not wanting anything to stop the ecstasy that he was feeling, and the huge load that he was so close to blowing.

"No baby, answer it." Val said, getting an idea that made her even wetter. "I want you to fuck me while talking to your wife on the phone."

"Imagine how hot it will be." Val suggested as she continued playing with Tarek's hard chest as she slowed down, so that he wouldn't cum just yet.

"Fuck, you are such a dirty slut." Tarek said with the biggest smile on his face, getting even harder from the idea of talking to his wife while cheating on her with their hot neighbor. 

"Whatever you want baby." Tarek said, and with that he grabbed his phone that was next to him, and answered it.

"Hello." Tarek grunted.

"Hey sweetheart, I tried calling Val but she didn't answer." Ameera said on the phone.

"That's okay baby, I'm close to cumming." Tarek said not fully paying attention to what his wife was saying because Val began playing with her titties while still riding him.
