 TERRY'S TITS

Terry had asked me over to fix a few things around her house. Her daughter was away for the weekend and her husband was absent as always. After doing a whole bunch of small jobs I took a shower to cleanup before lunch. When I came out of the bathroom after my shower I saw that Terry was sitting at the dining room table in full sun light. She wore only a bra, half slip and panties. I walked up behind her and started rubbing her shoulders and looking over her shoulders at her wonderfully full tits just bulging over the top of her white bra. She always wore the same style of bra with full silky cups and a small border of lace that topped off the cups. I could just see her nipples and aureoles through the silky material of her bra cups.

"Oh that feels so good," she softly said as I massaged her neck and shoulders.

I then ran the tips of my fingers down the satiny straps to the tops of her bra cups. Then I cupped her tits and started to slowly and tenderly massage them. My forefingers and thumbs closed around and then pulled on her long hard nipples through the silky bra.

"Oh fuck, that really feels good! Keep on what you're doing Baby. I love you playing with my tits."

"Yeah, they sure feel good to me too, Sweet Tits." She chuckled at my new nick-name for her. 

"I just love playing with your fucking tits and making you as horny as I am."

"You make me so fucking horny all the time Baby. Every time you look down my blouse at my tits at the office, I just want you to suck and fuck them. I just want to start playing with my pussy while you suck and fuck my tits. Do you want to fuck them now Baby?"

"Oh yeah! I sure do", I said as she turned sideways on the chair and saw that my cock was long and hard for her. She did not hesitate to take it gently in her hands and guided it to rub the swollen head against her silky bra. She made a circular motion with it around her nipples.

"Does that feel good to you Baby? Do you like to rub you cock against my tits Baby? Did you use my bra again last night to jerk off?"

"I used it every night this week and every morning too. Every time I had your silky bra wrapped around my cock and just stroking it until I came and came. I kept dreaming of doing this to you now. I have been so fucking horny for you all week. I love fucking your bra when your not there, but I love it even more fucking it with your beautiful tits in it like now."

"Oh I love when you tell me that you came for me Baby! I love to know that you fill my bra with your hot creamy cum, knowing that you are dreaming of fucking my tits. You are my hot bra fucking baby."

The feel of her smooth silky bra on the head of my cock and her talking dirty to me made my pre-cum start oozing all over her bra covered tits. As Terry saw this she cooed to me that I was creaming her tits just like in my and her dreams of each other. She pushed me back to sit on her sofa, knelt on the floor in front of me and then she spread my legs so that she could maneuver herself so that her bra covered tits enveloped my long hard cock. She squeezed her silky bra covered tits together and moved up and down, actually fucking my cock with her tits. As she did this she started licking my nipples which made me shudder as they grew harder just like hers. She moved her lips from one to the other sucking and licking them all the while keeping her tits wrapped around my cock and moving up and down on it. More cum was escaping from my cock and soaking her white silky bra.

I gasped that I wanted to cream her tits and that I was coming close to doing just that.

''Oh you wonderful tit fucker, come all over me, Baby. Shoot you hot steamy cum all over my tits, Baby."

"No. Not yet Sweet Tits. I want you to keep fucking my cock with your beautiful tits. I just love having my cock between your sweet tits. I love you fucking my cock that way. You make it feel so fucking good."

"Oh! I have an idea, my bra fucking baby." She whispered hoarsely as she slowed her up and down movements. She backed off just a bit, raised her self a little, took my cock in one hand and with her other one she lifted the base of her bra and then slid my cock under it so that now I was fucking her tits from inside her bra. Now she began caressing the head of my bulging cock through the silky bra cups and moved it from side to side from inside one cup to inside the other cup as each time she rubbed the head against her hard nipples. There was so much pre-cum oozing from my cock soaking each cup that we could now see her nipples and my swollen cock head through the silky material.

"There you go my fucking Bra Baby. Now you are fucking my bra and fucking my tits at the same time. Oh you have so much cum for me that it's making my bra see through. Now I can feel you and see you fucking my nipples." 

She stroked my cock and her nipples at the same time and every few strokes she would bring her fingers, now covered with pre-cum to her smiling lips. 

"Now I want you to cum in my bra Baby. Cum in your Sweet Tits bra, Baby. Cum for me, Baby. Wash my tits and bra with your hot creamy cum!"

"Jack me Sweet Tits. Jack my fucking cock. Make me cum all over your sweet tits and silky bra. I want to cream your bra and your fucking tits too." I groaned with pleasure as she gently stroked my long hard cock and her long hard nipples too. 

"Oh Fuck. You make me feel so fucking good. I want to cum for you Sweet Tits. I want to cum all over you Baby. Make me cum. Cream my fucking cock Baby. Make me cream your sweet fucking tits." 

More and more cum was oozing from the swollen head of my cock and now both of her cups were almost transparent.

"I can hardly wait for you to fuck my pussy like you are fucking my tits baby. Next week, Baby. Next week you will be able shove that long hard cock of yours into my hot juicy pussy and really fuck me. Do you dream of fucking my pussy, Baby? Cum Baby! Cum for your Sweet Tits while you're thinking of fucking my cunt, my fucking hot juicy cunt. Cum, Baby!"

That's when I lost it and started spewing all of my hot white jism into her white silky bra that covered those wonderfully full round tits of hers. There was so much of it and it was coming out so fast and hard that it oozed out of both of her bra cups and trickled down to her bare stomach and then soaked into her silky white slip and into her panties as well. I just kept cumming and cumming filling her bra cups and washing her tits and belly and slip and panties with my hot creamy cum. 

"Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck!" I kept saying over and over as I must have jacked more than twenty times before there was nothing left. 

She cooed as she milked my cock for every last drop of cum.

"Now that was one big tit fuck, Baby. You sure let me know that you love fucking my sweet tits and my silky bra, didn't you. I hope next week you will cum for me when you're inside my pussy."

"You Know I will Sweet Tits. I've been dreaming of that day for weeks now. Next week I am going to fuck you and your beautiful tits and pussy in every way you want me to. But now I want to watch you as you finger fuck your pussy through those silky panties of yours." 

She didn't need any encouragement as she sat on the sofa, spread her legs wide started to caress her already wet pantied pussy. She used a part of her silky slip to rub against her silk covered pussy. She did this with one hand and with the other she rubbed her already stiff nipples through the cum covered bra cups. She pulled on her nipples and moaned as she increased the pressure and speed on her clit. She licked her lips and smiled and watched me as I grabbed her silky blouse and started to stroke my hardening cock with it. She started to moan and buck as she came close to climax. I wrapped her blouse around my cock and speeded up my stroking as I watched her fingers rub the valley between her soaking pussy lips and flicking her clit. We both came almost together, but for me there was very little cum this time. So I managed to cream her bra, her slip her blouse and her panties all in one session. But the one I wanted the most to fill was her pussy with my hot creamy cum. Next week could not come fast enough for me, and I hoped for her as well.