 Sampson College's football team was one of the conference's best this year. And the team's secret weapon was its cheerleading squad.

The "Squad," as they were known, consisted of 10 of the foxiest bitches the sport of cheering had ever seen. How there could be so many superhot, supertoned, supersexed girls at one not-so-big college was a mystery.

These girls were so stacked, their outfits so revealing, and their cheers so provocative, that they regularly brought the home crowd to a frenzy. The frenzy translated into maniacal and maniacally loud support for the student body's beloved football team – the Sampson Staggs.

That kind of support was just enough to make the difference in a close game. And that's why the Staggs found themselves 9-1 as the season approached its final week, against the conference's other first place team – the Clarktown College Cougars. The winner of Saturday's game would be, of course, conference champions.

"Mari, I got a totally amazing idea this morning." Trina was obviously excited. Her voice trilled, and she leaned forward toward her friend, sometimes lover and Squadmate.

The two cheerleaders were sitting at a high-top table at the café, drinking their iced lattes. Trina, this year's Squad captain, was a college boy's fantasy brought to life: blonde, sort of a Paris Hilton look-alike – at least from the neck up. Deeply tanned, with skin as smooth as a billiard ball. A body with deep and dangerous curves, topped by tits that were way too big for her slim frame -- but all natural. As she continued to lean across the table, her knockers swelled up from her blouse and her miniskirt climbed up luscious thighs toward a moist cunt.

Mari sipped her drink, unperturbed. Trina was full of "amazing" ideas. Some involved the Squad – maybe a new move she had thought up; but most involved sex in one way or another. You see, cheerleading was only Trina's secondary passion in life.

"What are we doing on Friday night?" Trina queried. By "we," she meant the Squad, who usually partied together.

"Ok, I'll play along," thought Mari.

"A rhetorical question," she responded. "Since the team goes to bed early on 'game nights,' we mellow out too. Get some studying out of the way so we can enjoy the rest of the weekend, and go to bed pretty early ourselves." 

"And finger our cunts to a few cums," Mari thought further. "Just 'cause we can't party doesn't mean we aren't our normal horny selves!"

Mari laughed out loud at her own little joke, causing her mountainous tits to quiver delightfully. She brushed her black hair out of her eyes, revealing a startlingly beautiful face. Her lips looked like they were designed to suck cock, and Mari had always assumed they were!

"I have a better idea for this Friday, one that will be so much fun, and help the boys beat Clarktown – all at the same time!" Trina beamed. Her voice lowered conspiratorially. "Let's have a party at the house!"

Mari looked confused. Most of the Squad was "dating" boys on the team – "dating" being a euphemism for "balling." Who did Trina intend they party with?

Trina's voice lowered further. "And let's invite as many of the first-string team from Clarktown as we can get!"

Mari got it. "Oh man, that's rich," she whispered back. "You want to drain them on Friday night so they don't have their mojo on Saturday?"

Trina nodded. "We won't even tell the boys – not that they would mind if they knew the plan. But we need to be discreet to make this work." 

Trina didn't say it, but she had another reason for wanting to party with the team from Clarktown: she had heard from a cousin at that school that their ace running back was hung like a freak of nature, and Trina considered every rumor of a nearby big-cocked athlete a direct and ineluctable challenge! 

As Trina and Mari continued to make their whispered plans, their tits hardened and their cunts wetted in anticipation. Was it the excitement of their plan to sabotage the Cougars, or the anticipation of fresh manmeat? Maybe both!  

They could hardly wait for Friday night!

* * *

Trina and Mari were on their backs. Sweat poured off their lean bods as they pumped their asses high into the air and then lowered them almost all the way down – and then repeated the moves over and over again. Their sinewy thigh muscles burned as they churned, their lush hips thrusting up and down in vigorous time to the beat of the music.

Beside them in the gym the eight other Squad members moved in perfect synchronization, the ten oversexed co-eds in the second hour of their daily two hours of aerobics and weights. The Sampson Staggettes attended to their bodies like no other cheerleaders in the country, with a dedication that bordered on compulsion. As a result, each was a lean, muscular, tanned, femathelete capable of the hours of dancing, gymnastics, flexing and kicking they performed on the gridiron, followed by more hours later every game day of heavy-duty fucking. In order to make it on the Squad, you had to be a girl whose bod was built for sex --and whose mind was too!

All day Trina had been thinking of how she was going to lure the Cougars to the Squad's den of iniquity. Finally, just as she finished her workout, it had come to the young slut: use Kirsta, her cousin at Clarktown! She ran to the locker room and grabbed her phone.

"Kirsta, it's Trina," she chirped into her cell.

"Hi! What's up? Wait – I bet I can guess. You can't get Rodney out of your mind since I emailed you about him, right?" teased the cute Clarktown cunt. "But don't you have your hands full with all the local dick?"

"You know me too fucking well!" Trina was speaking literally: more than once Kirsta had forced a chunk of one of her huge pointed tits up Trina's fuckchannel!

"I want you to fix me up with him for this weekend. I want to see if you were bullshitting me about 11 inches! I can't believe any guy outside the porno industry is built like that!"

"I'd love to set you up with him, baby," Kirsta screamed. "He'll permanently damage you, and so eliminate one of my main competitors!" Kirsta was as funny as she was horny!

Kirsta changed tone quickly. "No, seriously, you mean when our team comes to play you guys? Saturday night?"

"No, it would have to be Friday. I've got two big tests on Monday and I've got to study straight through once the game is over. But I'm reserving Friday night to blow off some steam."

Kirsta snorted. "You mean to blow off some cock, right?"

"Damn straight," the stacked Staggette responded. "Can you give him my number?"

"You mean your 'numbers', right? Something like 39-23-36?" 

"Don't forget to add the "double-D" part, cuz!" Trina seemed always got the last word.

* * *

It wasn't 15 minutes before Rodney called. The muscular stud had no shortage of horny co-eds ready to spread their legs, and normally he would turn down a blind date flat. Why take a chance sight unseen when so many cute chicks in plain view were available?

But Kirsta had credibility. The kock-krazy kunt was so gorgeous herself she could be trusted not to set him up with a dog. And she was so grateful for the four loads of fuck he had given her the prior weekend that he figured she wanted do him a big favor!

"Hi, this is Rod."

"Shit," she thought, "It's like he's announcing his cock! He should just say 'Hi, this is a Rod.'"

"Hi Rod! I'm so glad you called. Kirsta speaks so highly of you!" Trina cooed.

"Really? What did she say about me?" he asked cockily.

"She said you had the hardest and hugest dick she ever fucked! And that you would permanently damage me if I let you near me!"

Rod chuckled. This bitch was direct! "Well, the first half of that is true. But I'm not sure the second half is much of a recommendation – a chick might scare off hearing that."

"Nothing about sex scares me," the stacked superslut said. "And if Kirsta could handle you, I damn sure can!"

He chuckled again. His enormous dick was starting to harden. "Kirsta said you want to make it on Friday night? Something about being tied up the rest of the weekend?"

"Yep. And on Friday I'm always super-horny! Maybe it's the culmination of a week of stress."

"Hey!" she pretended to sound like she had just thought of a great idea. "Why don't we have a party? My teammates are just as horny as me. And almost just as built! Bring your teammates, if you think they can handle us."

"Hmm. Sounds great. But our coach doesn't want us out on the night before a game . . ." the big-dicked athlete's voice trailed off. "But Kirsta told me about your whole squad, and me and the boys will find a way if we have to tie Coach up with a rope!

* * *

The Squad lived in a large house just off campus that was provided free of charge by a generous benefactor to Sampson college. Free of charge but not free of sex: the bennie to the benefactor was a once a week fuck by one of his tenants!

It was 10:00 and the party was in full swing. All ten of the cheerleaders were there, together with a half dozen of their closest – and hottest -- friends. Rod had shown up when expected and, to the Squad's glee, had brought 20 or so of his teammates – including most of the first team. The girls were getting a two-fer: a whole bunch of hot studs to help satisfy their lust, and the opportunity to wreak havoc on their team's biggest foe!

All of the girls knew the plan: to drain each and every guy of every drop of jism. Both the jism they packed when they arrived, and whatever their virile young balls could produce during the night. No guy was going to be allowed to leave, or fall asleep, until he had nothing left to give to the cause – the Sampson cause, that is!

The Squad wore their unofficial party "uniforms": four-inch black platform shoes that did what high heels were invented to do: tense up their calf muscles and the muscles running up the sides and back of their thighs; short, pleated skirts that were similar to their cheer uniforms and showed about two-thirds of those hard legs when they were standing and about 99% when they sat down and crossed one luscious thigh over the other; thin, sleeveless unltrasoft sweaters about two sizes too small, which showed a few inches of their bellies and all of their wicked arms, but more importantly emphasized their uniformly busty bods; and, of course, thongs.

Trina had been dancing with Rod for about 15 minutes. The first dance was fast, giving the big-titted blonde bitch an opportunity to show Rod what she could do with that amazing body while standing up. She writhed to the music as if one stud was punching his prick up her pussy while another was assaulting her ass. The well-defined muscles that swathed her figure did little dances of their own up her legs, across her stomach and down her well-developed arms.

But now the music was slow and soft, and the oversexed co-ed had melted into his arms. Despite her above-average stature and broad shoulders, his body dwarfed hers. He must have been at least four inches over six feet, with shoulders that looked as wide as the doorway and massively muscled arms and legs. Trina knew that Rod could get the job done.

The sexpot had eyed the obvious lump in his jeans when they fast-danced. Now she could feel it good, up against her torso as they swayed to the music, aimed up at her tits.

Rod's dick was deadly. He had never killed a girl with it, but many of them had cum so fucking hard on his big dong that they felt like they were dying. 

The stud had eyed the much bigger lumps in her sweater when they fast-danced. Now he could feel them good, up against his torso as they swayed to the music, aimed up at his mouth.

Trina's tits were toxic. She had never killed a guy with them, but many of them had cum so fucking hard between her giant jugs that they felt like they were dying.

All around them, dancing in the carpeted living room, sprawled on the couches and heavy chairs scattered around, up against the walls, the other revelers reveled in their sexuality. The footballers' eyes were wide with fucklust at the tanned flesh of the cheerleaders' powerful exposed thighs. The cheerleaders' throbbing cunts were drooling at the sight of so many hunky boys – boys with men's muscles and men's cocks.

Everyone loves fresh sex meat!

But so far it was the party was just a caldron of simmering carnality. The Squad took their cue from their leader, Trina, and the boys took their cue from their leader, Rod. So they just danced, and leered, and flirted, and teased. And let their excitement rise.

"I love to suck big dick," Trina whispered into his ear as they danced.

"You've never sucked one as big as mine," he whispered back.

"Maybe so. But you've never been sucked as hard as I can suck," she boasted.

"Maybe so, but you've never swallowed as much cum as I can pump," he boasted back.

Trina was so horny she was almost in a daze. She lost the ability to think of a rejoinder. Instead, the cumslut dropped to her knees in front of him.

She reached up and unzipped his jeans. Unencumbered by any other clothes, his tremendous rod sprang out.

"It's beautiful," Trina panted. "So fucking smooth," as she softly caressed the length of his sexshaft. "It looks soooo tasty!" Her cunt was already a swampy mess of steaming fuckjuice though which stuck her rigid clit.

Rod stood with his legs spread as she worshipped at the temple of his phallus. "Lemme sit down, baby."

Rod moved a few feet to his left toward a big couch. Dave – a teammate -- and some chick were in their way. But when Rod approached -- with Trina actually crawling behind him on her hands and knees, Dave yielded.

Both Dave and his girl saw that Rod was unzipped and ready for action, and they gave in to their own passion. Dave pulled the girl off the couch, and they fell to the carpet and rolled out of Rod's and Trina's view.

Trina was so focused on Rod's cock she didn't even notice that the slut Dave was now on top of was mondo-mammaried Mari!

Rod fell back into the upholstery, and the anxious fellatrix moved into position. Trina began by licking the broad expanse of his impressive penishead, bathing it in spit. Eventually she introduced her teeth, using them to scrape her own saliva around the cockcap. Then downward, so that her drool ran over his flange and began to trickle down the stalk.

"Oh you sweet-sucking bitch!" he complimented her, even though she hadn't begun to suck. "You really know what you're doing, don't you?" He let his gaze move, from the fabulous golden hair that covered both Trina's head and his lap, around the room.

Rod saw the controlled chaos of the beginnings of a wild orgy. Bodies were everywhere in every position and state of undress. Most of his mates had paired off and were about to get fucked by a group of the hottest babes Rod had ever seen.

Trina began to suck. Gently at first, almost tentatively, almost like it was her first time. Ha!

The cockqueen very gradually increased both the suction and the amount of cock. Slowly she worked her way down the shaft, letting her throat muscles relax and her gullet open. 

Finally, she reached her max: nine thick inches. That wasn't all of him, of course, but it was more than any other bitch had ever taken!

"That is so fucking fine, Trina. I love it when a chick loves to blow, and that's you babe . . . Oh my God, what are you doing? Oh my fucking God!!!"

Rod was taken by surprise. The young slut had begun to hum – or at least that is what it sort of sounded like. A deep, low, continuous growl that seemed to start in her gut and then resonated up through her fabulous chest, her throat and into her mouth, where it got trapped and began its return trip down again.

The effect was powerful, causing Trina's flesh to vibrate, to massage the massive dick into a fuck frenzy.

"Arrrgh!!!! You bitch, you bitch, you bitch, . . ." Rod kept repeating. 

Trina kept it up until just before Rod reached his limit. She sensed his readiness to cum, and just before, without any warning, she jerked back and let his dick spring free from her mouth.

"YOU BITCH!!!!" Rod screamed!

"I said I liked to suck big dick, and that's what I meant," she grinned up at him.

"What do you call that?"

"Oh, that was fun, but this is sucking, stud," Trina leered, and then once again lowered her head.

This time she took in just the head of his prodigious prong. The head alone was vast, but no longer a surprise to her talented mouth. Again she started slow, whisking her tongue around and around his flange – driving him nuts. His flesh pulsed with blood, and his cocknob seemed to swell. 

"Blow me, bitch!"

The big-titted beauty began to truly suck now. Her mouth was mostly filled with cock, but even so her cheeks began to cave in as her lungs withdrew all of the air. She breathed deeply through her nose, and again sucked – hard.

With each slow breath in and out the cockcrazy girl increased the power and pressure of her suck, until the small capillaries of his huge cockcrown began to rupture. The top of his dick was turning into one big hickey!

Rod was in lust with this chick. He leaned forward in his chair and thrust each of his hands through the arm holes of Trina's soft, tight sweater. Her huge globes filled his hands, his right one hefting her left melon and his left one compressing her right one. Thick, powerful fingers dug deeply into the spongy tits.

From across the room Kevin, the Cougars' quarterback, watched Trina at work. The linebacker saw her from behind, on her knees, her back bent over his teammate. Kevin couldn't, of course, see the sweet sucker's tits or her face, but he couldn't have given a fuck: Right now Kevin was only interested in Trina from the waist down.

And what a spectacular "down" this bitch had! Her bent-over position pulled Trina's short skirt up her thighs, so that her sleek legs were bare from her heels up to just a few inches below her ass. Her rich, tanned, fleshy stems were as horny as hell; the backs of her thighs swelled with curvy muscle. Crowning the image was her pneumatic ass, arched sexily toward him, beckoning. Her cunt, however, was still hidden under fabric.

Kevin pushed at the head of the sophomore slut whose throat was wrapped around his massive dick, freeing it. Sandi fell back, startled, but Kevin ignored her. With his dick flopping in front of him, he walked over behind Trina, and fell to his knees himself. Sandi had already recovered and had wrapped her hands around another guy's stiff prong.

Trina heard Kevin before she felt him. Then his giant hands were on her calves, feeling their development. But quickly he moved up to his obsession, her perfect thighs, running his fingers from behind her knees up her hamstrings almost to her glutes, and then back down again, then up along the insides, and back down along yet another path. He soon knew every sweet hill and valley of her sexy, powerful legs.

Trina then began to tense her thigh muscles against his palms, first both thighs together, then one at a time.

Kevin almost lost it then and there! He didn't know what was sexier: those gorgeous muscles throbbing in his hands, or the fact that Trina was doing it to excite him. His cock throbbed mightily.

Trina loved to be felt up. It reminder her of her youth, when the immature boys she dated would spend hours groping her ripening bod. Inspired by her increasing lust, she powered up her cocksucking even further.

And with that, Rod did lose it. 

"Ooooh – here it is baby, I am going to drown you in cum!" Rod growled at her.

It came. Fast, and hard, and without end. Huge gobs of jism rocketed out of his cock and into her throat, until his great fucktube belched out over a dozen rounds.

He screamed at the climax of his climaxes, overwhelmed by the intensity of his orgasm. Trina swallowed it all.
