 I first met Sally in a bar. I was going out with friends and spotted her in a corner with some pimply-faced chap who did his best to chat her up, but she was having none of it. She was tall, curvaceous, with large radiant brown eyes and long light-brown hair. She had bountiful D-cup breasts but it was her eyes that I noticed first, and what drew me to her. I made eye contact with her as she was boredly scanning the room while the young man by her side was saying something to her which she obviously didn't find that interesting. Her eyes lingered on me for a second and I knew she liked what she saw.

I played the game for about half an hour, occasionally glancing at her and watching her increased annoyance with the fellow she was with. I later learned she'd gone out to this bar with him mainly because she was bored sitting at home, not necessarily because she fancied him. As the evening wore on she'd become increasingly disinterested in him, and would have left for home early if she hadn't spotted me.

Finally I put her out of her misery and, as the young lad went to fetch a drink at the bar, approached her. "Hi", I said, "you look bored."

"Do I?" She queried, raising a delicate eyebrow. She was only a few inches shorter than me and she wasn't wearing particularly high heels. At 6'2" I'm not exactly a shorty. I figured her to be around 5'10".

"Yes," I said, in a tone that brooked no argument. "I think you need to be entertained a bit." I winked at her, and she cracked a smile. I knew I had her then.

Sally was 22, in her final year of university where she studied industrial design. I was six years her senior which, at that age, was quite a gap, but she found that a bonus as she was so tired of guys her own age and their fanciful prancing.

The young man she was with that evening was a former neighbour of hers from childhood, and once he returned with drinks it didn't take me long to discourage him from any further participation in our conversation. Sally and I chatted for hours, and once the night wrapped up I walked her to the taxi rank. We kissed that night and exchanged numbers. She said she wanted to take things slow, and I played it cool. Three weeks later we had sex, and we fucked like rabbits almost every single day since then.

Sally's sexual appetite was voracious, and she loved to experiment and push her boundaries. In me she had found a slightly older, more experienced lover who was confident in his own sexual abilities and didn't feel a need for constant validation. Our relationship wasn't perfect, with regular arguments about trivialities, but the sex was amazing and served to keep us together.

A few months in to our relationship, Sally took me on a night out with some of her classmates. I think she wanted to show me off to her friends. Her classmates were an eclectic bunch, but one girl especially caught my eye.

Miriam was a petite beauty, with long black hair and a dusting of freckles across her cute nose. Stylish clothes did their best to hide her figure, but I could tell she had a gorgeous body; firm C-cup breasts, a small waist flaring out to rounded hips and a cute bubble butt, flowing in to a set of shapely legs. Bright blue eyes and a small mouth with full lips completed the package.

Where Sally was expressive, vocal, and full of life, Miriam seemed reserved, a tad shy, and soft-spoken. As it turned out, Miriam had a long term boyfriend called Frank. They'd met in the first year of Uni and had been a couple ever since. Frank seemed a decent chap, with blandly good looks and a toned body, and a full head shorter than I. Standing next to him and Miriam I felt like a giant, having to bend down to make myself heard amidst the noise of the club we were in that night.

I found Miriam very alluring, but I was with Sally and Miriam seemed quite attached to her boyfriend Frank, so I made no moves, and just enjoyed the evening. I did notice Miriam looking at me a bit too intently now and again, and one time I caught her staring and winked back at her. She blushed and quickly looked away.

That night Sally came home with me. We lay chatting in my bedroom, and I asked her about Miriam. "She's one of my best friends", Sally said. "I can talk to her about anything."

"Anything?" I asked?

"Yep," she said. "I especially like talking with her about my sex life."

I raised an eyebrow at that. "Why's that?"

Sally grinned. "Well, she's been with Frank for years and he was her first, so she doesn't have much experience. But she loves hearing about what we get up to. Especially the experimental stuff, you know."

"Hmmm," I grunted noncommittally. The thought of Miriam eagerly listening to Sally talking about our sexcapades was more than a little turn-on. Maybe that's why she'd stared at me tonight - perhaps imagining me doing things to her that I do with Sally.

"I think she wants to try different stuff herself," Sally continued. "But Frank doesn't seem to be up for that."

"What sort of stuff do you think she'd want to try?" I asked.

"You know," Sally said, "new positions, outdoor sex, anal, roleplay..." All things Sally and I engaged in now and again. Sex with Sally was never boring. "And threesomes", she said, looking at me intently.

Sally and I had discussed threesomes before. I had experience with them - quite a lot, in fact - but Sally hadn't. A threesome with two men was something she desperately wanted to try. I told her I could arrange that, but only if she could arrange a threesome with her and another woman. That had quickly put a brake on Sally's plans, as she knew nobody she'd be comfortable sharing her man with. But I knew the thought of a threesome was a massive turn-on for Sally, and she regularly probed me on the topic.

"So Miriam wants a threesome?" I asked? "Hmm, well... Frank doesn't sound like the kind of guy who'd go along with that."

Sally looked at me with a devious expression. "Well," she began, "I think Frank is quite hot. He's too short for me, but he does have a great body... And I know he likes me."

"Really? How so?"

"Miriam told me. She said Frank once admitted that if he hadn't met her, he'd have made a pass at me at some stage."

"So you're thinking Miriam and Frank would be the key to fulfilling your threesome fantasies."

"Yes!" Sally exclaimed. "But they'll need to be... gently persuaded. I can do that. Give me time."

"Okay," I said, "but right now I'm horny and I'm going to fuck you." I grabbed her and pushed her down on the bed. She giggled and pretended to resist. I started stripping her clothes, my hands roaming her curvy body, pressing in to her supple flesh. Sally started breathing heavily and ceased resisting, and helped discard her clothing. As soon as her ample bosom was released from her bra my mouth latched on to her tits, sucking on her hardening nipples as my hands groped and squeezed.

Sally moaned and wriggled out of the remainder of her clothes, and tugged at my shirt. I broke away from her breasts and took off my shirt as Sally undid my belt. She pushed my trousers and boxers down and immediately pounced on my rapidly hardening cock, taking it in to her mouth. Soon she was bobbing up and down the length of my shaft, one hand on my balls and the other grasping my cock as her tongue circled the head.

I loved Sally's cocksucking, but I loved eating her out just as much. After a few minutes I pulled away and pushed her back down on the bed, moving between her legs. I licked her juicy cunt before pushing my tongue between her soft lips, lapping at her core as she moaned and squeezed her tits. I alternated between tongue-fucking her and licking her clit, and after about ten minutes, as I sensed her approaching peak, I slid two fingers in to her pussy and fixed my mouth on her clit, tongue lapping her sensitive nub and pushing her to orgasm.

She bucked and moaned loudly, legs trembling as she came, then I felt her relax and slowed my oral ministrations, guiding her down from her orgasm. I moved up and kissed her, our tongues wrestling. I then took my rock-hard cock and rubbed the head over her soaked pussy, before shoving it inside. She gasped and her eyes flashed. "Oh fuck yes Ryan," she groaned. "Fuck me."

And I did. Sally wrapped her legs around my hips, encouraging me on as I pounded her tight pussy. I put two fingers in her mouth, still wet with her juices, and whispered to her. "Imagine Frank's cock in your mouth and mine in your pussy." Sally's eyes widened as I spoke, and she closed her lips around my fingers and sucked them eagerly. "Imagine two cocks for you to play with, all yours, all night," I whispered as I fucked her, my cock assaulting her dripping snatch as she sucked my fingers. "You'd like that, wouldn't you?" She nodded and moaned. "Yes you'd love that, you horny slut, you'd love to be fucked raw by two hard cocks." She moaned louder and her hands grabbed my butt, pulling me in to her with every thrust.

I fucked her even harder, ramming my throbbing cock in to her, until I felt my orgasm approach and I pulled out of her, quickly moving to straddle her as I fisted my meat, aiming at her luscious tits. I gushed the first shot of my cum over her gorgeous tits, then the second one, as Sally yelled "yes, come all over me!" I then shoved my pulsating cock in to her mouth, a third spurt filling her mouth, and she groaned and sucked out the remainder of my load, swallowing every last drop.

Exhausted, I fell down on the sofa next to her. Sally rubbed my cum over her tits, scooping up a bit and lavishly licking it from her fingertips. "Mmm... I love your cum."

"That's good," I said, "because I love giving it to you."

-----

A few weeks later Sally had arranged for Miriam and Frank to come over for dinner to my apartment. Sally was a terrible cook, so it fell to me to provide the evening's meal. Fortunately I'd picked up a few tricks from exes and family members over the years, and could cook up a delicious Indonesian feast, even if I say so myself.

We'd agreed on half past seven in the evening. I left work a bit early to grab some last minute groceries, then jumped in the shower when I got home. Sally had her own key to my place so I knew she'd just let herself in once when was done with classes for the day.

Just as I was finishing my shower, I noticed my bathroom door opening and someone coming in. My bathroom door didn't have a lock - I'd never felt the need to have one installed. A few moments later the steamed-up shower cubicle's door was pushed open and a naked Sally stepped in. "I desperately need a shower," she said matter-of-factly, and pushed me aside to step under the water's hot rays.

My shower was more than big enough for two people to move around in with little touching, but I seized the opportunity to grope Sally's delicious curves. She giggled and slapped my hands away but her resistance was half-hearted. "I need to get clean too!" she said, but I was giving her very little opportunity. She turned her back to me to face the shower head, but I pulled her back against me, wrapping my arms around her and capturing her huge round tits in my big hands, squeezing roughly. She gasped and reached down between us, grabbing my hardening rod.

"Behave," she said, "you might need this later."

I chuckled and said "you know it's more than ready for multiple uses in one day."

She laughed and turned around, raking my hands from her breasts and leading them around her to her back, placing them on her curvy butt. "Fair enough, but I want you eager and ready tonight."

"Hmm, what do you have planned?" I asked.

Sally kissed me fiercely as she grabbed my steely cock and squeezed it hard. "You'll see." She looked down at my man-meat as she leisurely stroked the full length. "Mmm, a small taste won't hurt," she said as she knelt down in the shower, hot water cascading down her back as she took my shaft in to her warm mouth, languidly moving down the full length until her nose touched my neatly trimmed pubes.

She moved up and down the full length of my steamy cock a few times, then released it with a loud plop and got back up. "That will have to do," she said and turned back to face the shower's stream of hot water.

I was having none of it. I grabbed her hips and, with practised ease, slammed my throbbing cock in to her tight snatch. "Oh!" she gasped and leant forward against the shower wall with both hands. I started fucking her slowly and intently, pistoning my dick in to her hot cunt with slow, deep strokes. She started pushing back against me, moaning with every thrust.

Suddenly I pulled out of her and said "that'll have to do." I slapped her ass and stepped out of the shower, my hard cock bobbing in front of me. 

"Argh, you fucker!" Sally said, trying to pull me back in to the shower cubicle, but I easily escaped her grasp and closed the shower door behind me. 

"I want you eager and ready tonight!" I said as I grabbed my towel. Sally pouted and groaned, but stayed in the shower as I began towelling off.

Later, as I prepared the meal for that evening, Sally would tease me relentlessly, grabbing my crotch as I stood cooking, or distracting me by rubbing her tits against my back as I was chopping vegetables. She was horny as fuck and her teasing ensured I was in a constant state of sexual arousal as well.

Despite the distractions, I had the meal ready on time and Sally had the dining table all set up. Miriam and Frank were running a bit late, so Sally and I settled on the bigger of my two sofas, and my girlfriend used the opportunity to check if I was still aroused. She leant close, licking my earlobe as her fingers lightly caressed my thigh and crotch, whispering in my ear "you're going to need this so much tonight, I guarantee it."

Just as I was deciding whether to forego dinner and rip Sally's clothes off here and now, the doorbell rang. I escaped Sally's teasing and got up to open the door for our guests. Miriam and Frank stood on the doorstep, and I let them in with a warm greeting. Miriam looked positively delicious - instead of her usually conservative clothing, she had on a truly fetching outfit featuring a loose skirt, black tights, and a lovely frilly top that showed ample cleavage.

Frank was wearing a smart shirt and trousers, a few shirt buttons left open to subtly showcase his chiselled chest. I knew Sally would struggle to keep her eyes off him tonight, just as I would have difficulty not staring at Miriam. 

The evening progressed rather pleasantly. Miriam and Frank enjoyed the food and I kept everyone's wineglasses topped up. Our conversations that evening had varied on a range of topics and interests, with Frank asking me plenty of questions about the business that I ran, and Sally and Miriam talking about their classes and lecturers. After the meal we moved to the living room, Sally and I spreading out on my three-seater sofa with Miriam and Frank making themselves comfortable on the two-seater across from us. 

Sally draped herself around me, one leg across mine and her arm around my shoulder. She leant in to me, pressing her soft tits in to my side. The four of us chatted aimlessly for a bit, until Sally guided the conversation to relationships and sex.

"You're quite experienced in bed, aren't you Ryan?" Sally said at one stage. "I mean, you said you've had a few interesting experiences..."

"I suppose I have", I said, sipping my wine. "Been part of some things I remember quite fondly."

"Like that threesome with the two goth girls?" Sally asked. "Tell us about that."

I looked at her with a slow smile, noticing how her eyes were sparkling in the room's subtle light. "I'm not sure our guests want to hear all about my sexual adventures," I said.

"Oh I'm sure they do," Sally countered, looking over at Frank and Miriam, who were also snuggling closely. "Right?"

Frank didn't react but I knew from how he was paying attention that he wouldn't decline hearing about the threesome. Miriam, after a moment's hesitation, nodded almost imperceptibly. She took a large sip from her red wine, then said in a soft voice, "yes, I'd like to hear about that, Ryan. Please?"

I made sure to make intense eye-contact with Miriam as I replied. "Alright then, since my guests insist." I squeezed Sally's thigh as I put down my wineglass on the coffee table, then leant back and pulled Sally close to me with an arm around her hips. "Mind you, these girls were nowhere near as sexy as Sally here, obviously."

Sally giggled and slapped my chest. "Whatever. Just tell the story," she said.

"Okay then," I began. "This happened years ago. I'd met the first girl, Regina, at a fantasy fair and we sort of hit it off, and then she and I went out to a Goth club a while later. I'm not really in to Goth music, but hey, when chasing tail a man has to make a few sacrifices." I chuckled and watched Frank react with a grin of his own.

"Anyway, one of Regina's close friends was at that club too, a girl called Rianne. All through the night she was flirting with me, and I wasn't sure what to make of that as Regina was right there with me. But she didn't seem to mind, and in fact was almost encouraging Rianne."

"So, I drank a bit too much to drive home and Regina insisted I stay over with her. When we left Rianne also came with us, and she told me she'd already arranged to stay with Regina that night. I think at that stage it began to dawn on me what was on the cards that night."

Sally squirmed a bit next to me, her hand hot and heavy on my upper thigh as she leant against me on the sofa. Miriam and Frank were equally close together on the opposite sofa, Frank's hand sliding up and down Miriam's shapely leg.

"So as we got to Regina's place, the girls insisted we all sleep together in the same room. They slid two mattresses together on the floor, and once we'd all got ready for bed they made me lie in the middle between the two of them. From there, well... things got heated very quickly." I smiled.

"So... you did both of them?" Frank asked cautiously.

"Yep," I said, "fucked both girls, ate them both out, they ate each other's pussies, both sucked my cock, the whole shebang. Quite a night."

Frank grinned, and I saw Miriam lean over and whisper something in his ear. Beside me, Sally was getting restless and her hand moved closer to my crotch. "I'm not sure I'd like to eat another girl's pussy," she said, "but I think it'd be hot to fuck a guy who's just cum in another girl."

I leaned in close to her and whispered, "I'm going to make you find that out, I promise." Her eyes flashed at that, and she kissed me deeply. I grabbed her face in my hands and returned her kiss with forceful passion, our tongues entwining in our mouths. Sally's hand unabashedly grabbed my cock through the fabric of my trousers, squeezing it hard as she felt it grow under her touch.

We kissed like young lovers for a long time, our guests on the other sofa nearly forgotten as our mouths danced together. After a while we paused for a second, and I glanced to the other pair across from us, seeing them equally entwined and passionately kissing. Miriam was half-lying on the sofa now, Frank's hands roaming Miriam's curves under her top.

I looked back at Sally and grinned, and she looked back at me with palpable hunger in her eyes. I decided to escalate our passions and pulled her top off forcefully, then pushed her down on to the sofa, pinning her arms above her head as I assaulted her magnificent tits with my mouth. Sally moaned and closed her eyes as I nibbled and licked her nipples, alternating between her breasts, until she got impatient and wriggled her hands free. She began stripping me, and soon we were both naked and entwined on my sofa.

Across from us Miriam and Frank were well on their way as well on the other sofa, Frank bare-chested above Miriam whose skirt had been pushed up to reveal garters and black lacy underwear, which Frank's fumbling hands were busy trying to remove.
