 I had been standing in the queue for more than 3 hours with almost no movement at all, I was getting too frustrated as all the other people around me, when we checked the guard told us that it will take at least 12 to 15 more hours for us to have the darshan of lord balaji.

It was too cramped and people were uneasy, it was quite hot too with no many fans around. I was in fact in a more uncomfortable place, there were pockets in-between where there was no ventilation and walls on all four sides, the time was around 5 pm, means we had to pass the entire night in that dingy place with sweat smell lingering around, god, when will I be able to see you. This was not only on my mind but all around me.

I had been to tirupati after my 10th results were out, I had prayed to him, if I got good marks I will come and visit lord balaji and that too in normal queue.

At 15 years, I looked very innocent and sweet, I was white and my skin was soft, infact people have complimented me that I was softer than females, I had thick and black eyelashes which made me more quite than macho, females liked me more and envied my eyelashes and softness. I was quite lean and my height was more than 5.5 at that time.

I was there alone with people crowded and almost close to each other, I was in no mood other than getting out of that place, for the past 3 hours I was there but had not noticed who were around me, but circumstances forced me and when I looked around, there were quite a lot and different kind of people, 3 children, 6 elderly people and 4 men around 35 years and 3 females. There was this lady who was carrying a child, the child was hardly 8 to 9 months year old and female looked like around 22.

She was a northy, she was fair and absolutely beautiful, she had big melons and had a perfect figure, she was weaving one of those bright pink saris which made her glow more, she was weaving a nose ring and a light pink lipstick. I saw all the people around, and when I saw her, our eyes met, with no meaning, she was carrying the child and was trying to change posture to ease the pain in her hand, I just smiled at her and offered help, she was more than happy and handed the child to me, while changing hands, I not only touched her hand but slightly brushed her boobs too, there was absolute electric shock in me, they were soft, I didn't give any meaning to that, at the same time enjoyed the feeling.

After half an hour or so, we started talking and I asked her name and from where she was etc and exchanged a lot of information, she name was dimple and she was from Delhi, she got married only one and quarter year ago and immediately after married she conceived and within one quarter year, there was this baby of 6 months old. She was explaining how things have changed from being a playful girl to a responsible mother within a short span etc, I asked her about her husband and she showed her finger towards a man who was away by almost 50 feet, he was looked good and was a perfect match to the girl, I complimented her about the pair and she thanked me.

The conversation continued and then she opened up, she said that the man looks very beautiful from outside, but doesn't have patience in anything, I told her that it's matter of time and things will change etc, one topic lead to other and she told me more boldly that after marriage sex was a important aspect and that man is bothered about himself and doesn't even know what a female wants and how she has to be handled etc., I pledged my innocence and told that I was a wrong person to comment on that as I am still young and know nothing of sex, she was a little surprised and asked if I had ever touched a girl and felt her, I said no ( I was lying), she said then I need to be taught of basic things in life, else my wife will also suffer, I said I will be too thankful but not in this place, she said, she will take care of that.

It was now almost 8 pm and the lights around were not enough to glow the place, and as were in a tunnel kind of place, it was much darker there. People around knowing that it's going to be morning to have darshan, few had slept and few were too tired to look around as to what was happening. She took the child back from me and opened the blouse as if to feed the child, she asked me to come closer, I was sitting beside her towards her right, the child's face was towards the left breast which was closer to me, she removed few buttons and put the pallu of her sari around her and asked me to touch her breasts from under her pallu, I put my hand carefully under her pallu and felt the most soft object in my life. It was too soft and silky, the nipple was almost ½" long and there was milk oozing out of the nipple, I pressed the boobs slightly and had the milk drops in my hand, I took out my hand and tasted the milk, it was good.

She took the child's face to the other breast and told me lie on her thighs, by doing this, my mouth was hardly few inches after her breasts. She bent forward and also at the same time pushed my hand a little, there I was sucking her breasts and drinking milk, I was doing all this with so many people around and her husband being just few meters away, I put my hand and pressed the other melon and making circles around the aureole, she was very exited and was pressing my head against her boobs, I had almost more than half of her big boobs in my mouth and the other I was pressing hand, this went on for almost ½ hour, I did this until there was no more milk.

When I got up, there was milk droplets falling out of my lips, she wiped using her sari pallu and asked how I felt, I didn't have any words, I just smiled back, she understood all.

We again started speaking of other subjects and now we were more open and was asking me if I ever bed a girl etc, I said no (which again was a lie) and said that I have never seen a woman below her waist etc, she was excited and was reconfirming with me if I was still a virgin.

I don't know how many have taken note of the construction and the passage which all you go thru when you are in the queue in the temple at tirupati, apart from benches on one side, people on the other side has to stand or sit down on the floor, she made space for me next to her legs and told me to sit there. I was sitting exactly between her legs, she put her legs down and I was able to put my hand under her sari, I started of slowly from the tie to the knee at a very slow pace, I was sweating hard and more than everybody else, the heat from outside and within me was too much, I was also watching others if anybody is noticing us etc. once upto knee, I tried to lie in-between the legs which made it easier for me to go higher to the thighs and ultimately touching the holy place above her panties, she was already wet and the smell was emanating from within her, I liked the feeling when I touched above her panties, I presume she was weaving a silk kind of panties, due to which I could feel the flesh inside from over the panties as the fabric was too thin.

I moved the cloth to one side and was now touching the mould directly and handling the hair, she had plenty of hair, it was almost like a thick forest, she said, she likes it that way, I had little difficulty in finding the vagina, which I ultimately did and inserted my finger little by little, there was absolutely no difficulty in me putting my finger inside as the lubrication was so high. I removed my hand with juice running on my fingers and licked it, she liked what I did and was almost laughing and couldn't control herself. Her husband who was far off till now managed to come close to her and took the baby to help her. He also saw me sitting down, but I was able to manager things and there was a little gap between dimple and myself. She introduced me to him and was telling that all this while I was the one holding the baby and helping her etc., he thanked me and all the three started conversing.

The topics were very boring and I was not able to anything with her husband around, she was upset and off mood, her husband was asking as to what happened suddenly but she had nothing to say but explain that its been boring and tiring waiting in the queue, he consoled her and the entire night passed.

In the morning we had dharshan of lord balaji at around 9 am and were about to come out of the temple, she and her husband asked me as to where I have taken the room etc., I told I have not taken the room, they told me to join them if I was willing. I told them that I had to catch the 3.30 bus back to bangalore, and also as there is nothing much I have to do after the darshan, I have no problems and also told them that I also need to fresh up and need a place.

All three of us along with the child went to the allotted room, the room was almost 4 to 5 kilometers away from the temple and in 2nd floor. We went inside and rested for sometime, dimple had bath and came out, she was fresh and more beautiful than what she looked the previous night, I could clearly make out that she was not weaving any bra inside, mr.khanna went to have bath now. She went to the balcony and was drying her hair.

I went slowly towards her and stood behind her, I penis was so erect and was trying to pierce her through my and her fabrics, she didn't move and standing as if nothing had happened. I turned around and sat down facing my back to her legs and lifted the nighty and went inside, I kissed over her bush and started licking her cunt lips, and she widened her legs to accommodate me. I started to penetrate my tongue as much as possible and was licked her and fucking her with my tongue, I was all along massaging her cunt in one hand over her lips, she was not able to stand due to the pleasure and was moaning a little which made me more hotter, after 10 minutes or so, she came and I drank the whole lot, it tasted salty but for me it was nectar. I came out and both of us faces expressed satisfaction. I hugged her for the first time and she kissed me on my lips, she tasted her own cum from my mouth.

We came back to hall, within minutes mr.khanna came out from bath and dressed up. I was about to go to bath, when he told us that dimple and he was going out as such I was to be alone in the cottage. I said fine and said that I will go to bath after they left as I had to bolt the door. Dimple expressed that she was too tired and was not in any mood to go out due to no much sleep the previous night. So, mr.khanna went out and told us that he will back after an hour or so, he had to purchase few things from the holy place.

I went to back and after few minutes, I heard the door bold, which meant that mr.khanna went out. There was a knock at the bath room door, I opened the door and saw dimple standing there nude, she had removed her nightly, she pulled me out from the bath and took me to bedroom, the child was happily sleeping there. She slept on the bed and asked me to come closer.

She for the first time saw my manhood, for a 15 year old, that was good, I suppose, she expressed that her husbands penis is almost my size at his age. She took it into her hand and kissed it, she opened her lips and took my penis inside and started sucking it. It was very good, little by little, I turned myself and we came into 69 position, I again started my job with my mouth and was enjoying it, the bush was so thick, I had difficulty, but still enjoyed it, she was enjoying it more and she came twice within 15 minutes, I came off too quickly, she drank the whole lot and we sat on the bed nude.

She was thanking me so many times for the blow job I gave her, she said that, she liked it so much, but her husband thought that it was dirty to keep his mouth there and on the contrary wanted his penis to be always sucked. She again wanted me to suck her cunt, I asked how much more and she started requesting me, I couldn't say anything but again went down on her and started licking her cunt, I suppose I did it for more than 30 minutes and every minute she enjoyed and was moaning and sometimes shouting.

By this time, my manhood was again stiff, I went for her boobs and drank the whole lot of milk from both the melons, she hand pink aerola, bigger than 1" in diameter, she was all the time lubricating, she asked me to climb upon her, she guided my penis into her hot vagina, I didn't know anything, it was as if cutting butter with a sharp knife, I slid into her without any problem, she was hot and smooth, my god, she was sucking me with her vagina, she was compressing and releasing her muscles in such a good fashion I cannot explain, I for a second thought that she was sucking me in her mouth, I slowly started pumping and the rhythm was good, there were sounds when my balls met her lips which made the atmosphere more hot, I was in no mood to cum, I wanted to prolong the act as much as possible.

I did it for more than 15 minutes, I don't know how I controlled myself from cumming, I did it slow, medium and fast, at time I hit her hard, she was in cloud 9, of course me too, I enjoyed the entire session and finally I was about to cum and told her if I had to take the penis out, on listening that I was about to cum, she held me more tightly and humped her back meeting my movement and the commotion was beyond explanation.

We parted after few minutes in the same position and she was telling me that this was the best fuck she had in her life, I thanked for the compliment and returned to finish my bath.

I came back after 10 minutes and she was dressed in the same nightly and sitting on the chair in the hall. She was feeding the baby and I could see the melon, she smiled and continued feeding. I wore my dress and packed my things, the time was around 12 noon, she saw me packing things and asked why I was in a hurry when my bus was at 3.30 pm, I said, probably it was time for mr.khanna to return and I should be saying buy to both of them so that she can have some good time with mr.khanna after I left, she said that was the last thing mr.khanna would do. She put the baby down on the sofa and came to me in the room, she told me, I am sorry, but I want you to suck me for the last time before I go, I had nothing to say but obliged, I sucked for half an hour and made her cum twice, I drank the whole lot and finally there was a knock on the door, I got up rushed to wash room to clean my face, she put her nighty down and opened the door.

Mr.khanna had purchased a lot of things and came in a satisfied mood, all three of us were satisfied, myself and dimple for different reasons.

I thanked him for the courtesy and he thanked me in return for being in the cottage during his absence and taking care of his family, I just replied, MY PLEASURE, he smiled back, we shook hands and I thanked dimple and we bid bye.