 Jessica and I stayed in touch over the next few days, texting back and forth. We mostly talked about normal things, but there was also a good bit of flirting added in. It was difficult for me to not gush to her about how much I loved her spanking me. It was such an intense and amazing experience, I wanted it again. However, I also didn't want her to think I was crazy or that all she was to me was a spanking machine. She was pretty, interesting, and intelligent, and I could see wanting to make something work with her.

As we talked she mentioned a concert that, the next weekend, she had a pair of tickets for and asked if I'd like to go with her. I was more than happy to accept her offer. Jessica lived in the big city in my area, I lived about an hour south of there. The concert was in the city so I'd be driving up to meet her. I'm not really much of a drinker and so was quite prepared to drive myself home that night, although I certainly kept the possibility of her inviting me to her home as an optimistic option.

I met her in the parking garage of the event facility and we exchanged a warm greeting. She was wearing a loose fitting plain white t-shirt (fitting as the band we went to see was The Plain White T's) which, due to an '80s style large neck hole, hung just on the edge of her shoulder on one side. It was crop cut and showed just a half inch of her belly above her tight jeans. Underneath the thin and soft fabric of the white shirt could be seen the hint of a bright pink bra; again I was struck with how her boobs seemed just a bit too big for her phenomenal looking athletic body.

Chatting and excited for the show, we headed to the venue. As we walked we talked about normal things. I mentioned that I wasn't really familiar with the band's music, besides their mainstream hits. She talked about how she really liked them. 

We came to a less than busy intersection and, without waiting for the crosswalk to go green, she grabbed my hand and pulled me along jogging across the street. When we got to the other side, she didn't let go. I smiled and probably blushed a bit as I felt my heart rate increase. 

"You look really cute today" she said very sweetly.

"Thank you!" I blurted back, caught off guard. "You look very pretty, and very sexy." I said, smooth as a cobbled road.

"Thank you." she said with a smile, and squeezed my hand. I found her manner of speech singular. She enunciated everything very clearly. I would not use the word 'over-enunciation' to describe it. Rather, her speech was strong, clear, and deliberate. She gave off the impression of being a strongly confident and intelligent person, which I'd noticed manifested as very good grammar and unerringly proper punctuation in our texting conversations. The effect of her speech was even more marked, though.

Shortly we reached the venue and checked in. The concert went as concerts go. Though it's neither here nor there regarding this narrative, I was actually quite impressed with the quality of the live show the band delivered. 

Jessica took the lead in our interactions on the dance floor. We started simply dancing our separate ways next to or in front of each other. After a short while, though, she moved in and held our bodies close to each other. She particularly seemed to enjoy pressing her pelvis against mine and I loved the feeling of her narrow hips in my hands. As we danced in this face-to-face, pelvis-to-pelvis way, I felt a bump in her jeans which my mind filed away as a wallet or phone (Jessica carried no purse). 

As we continued to dance Jessica turned around and ground her butt onto my crotch. She didn't bend at the waist at all, but reached back as she was doing it to put her hands on my hips. It was impossible for me to not get aroused at this and Jessica certainly felt my predicament, particularly obvious as I don't wear underwear.

We spoke loudly, over the sound of the music in each other's ears.

She leaned her head back and said, rather than asked "Enjoying this, aren't you."

"You're so sexy, I can't help but enjoy it" I responded.

"Why don't you give me some enjoyment back?" she questioned.

I wasn't exactly sure what she meat but she walked around behind me, grabbed my hips, and pressed her pelvis against my ass. Having fun, I reached back to grab her hips and ground myself against her. And there it was again. I felt the bump, definitely in the front of her jeans. 

Of course the immediate thought to pop into my head was 'is she transgender?' My mind raced but more with excitement than apprehension. I had no qualms being with a transgender woman. I'd thought about it in the past and prepared myself knowing it was something I could easily accept. In response, I redoubled my efforts in grinding against her. Kind of disappointingly, I didn't feel the bump change in size or stiffness. I thought maybe I wasn't making it feel good somehow.

Jessica, still behind me, grabbled a handful of my hair and gently pulled my head back to talk into my ear.

"You feel that, don't you?"

"I do." I responded honestly 

"Can I show you something?" she asked. Despite her previous demeanor of confidence and poise I heard in her voice, what I could hear of it over the din of the music, was a bit of fear. It was a legitimate question she asked and I could tell she was concerned I would say 'no'. 

I turned to face her eye to eye, she released my hair. What hesitation I thought I heard in her voice was not shown on her implacably confident countenance. I placed my hands on her waist and answered, as I glanced down toward her crotch,

"Please do."

Jessica smiled, took my hand, and turned to head toward the bathroom. In the hall of the bathroom were many people, but importantly there was consistent light.

Jessica leaned up with her back against a wall and, with a sly smile, used her finger to beckon me close in.

"Look" she said, directing my vision down with her eyes.

I looked down and saw as she unfastened her belt. As the buckle jingled she unbuttoned her jeans and pulled down the zipper. She lowered the jeans a bit to reveal bright pink panties which obviously matched the bra visible through her white shirt. She then pulled the waistband of her panties out and angled her hips so the light shown down into her panties. I was afforded a very sexy view of her clean shaven pussy. But pressed up against it was a flesh colored, smallish, and obviously flexible, dildo. 

"It's called a packer." she said, as she let the waistband of her panties snap back against her skin.

"We can talk about it a little later." she said with a smile. She pulled up her jeans and began to refasten them. Any hint of anxiety I may have heard in her voice was long gone. She was the picture of confidence there in the hallway, self-assuredly apathetic about anyone seeing her taking down her pants and offering me a peek into her panties there in the bathroom hall.

"I showed you mine. Now you show me yours." she said with a devious smile. I smiled back at her and we switched positions, now with my back to the wall. Still with people all around us, I began to unfasten my belt and unbutton my pants. I loved the thrill of the experience. I was not wearing underwear, and so as I undid the button she looked down and got a good look at what I was packing.

"That looks like fun." she said with a grin. She then reached right into my pants and gave my flaccid cock a little grab as she leaned in and kissed me.

"My, that feels rather thick." she commented.

"Thanks!" I said. "It is." I answered honestly. She let go and smiled at me. I refastened my pants and we left the hallway.

We enjoyed the rest of the concert and afterwards, both a little sweaty and with tired feet, made our way back toward the cars. As we passed a nice little Chinese restaurant we decided to stop for a late dinner.

"You don't seem totally freaked out by a girl wearing a fake penis in her panties. Why is that?" she questioned me as we sipped Oolong and waited for our food to arrive.

I thought about this for a moment. "I don't know." I answered honestly. "It just doesn't bother me. I never ask anyone to be anything other than who they are, and I try not to have particular expectations for someone to be a certain way. If that's who you are then that's fine by me. If you'd like to talk about it I'm happy to listen."

Jessica smiled widely at me.

"You know, you're something special" she said. 

"The feeling's mutual" I said, smiling back at her.

The food was then delivered.

"Let's eat, then we can talk." Jessica said.

I obliged and we shared a very nice meal. After it was done, the plates cleared, and we were left with just our tea, we began to talk.

Jessica began. "You may have realized while I was spanking your cute ass last weekend that I like to be in charge."

I loved hearing her talk in that way. She was so dominant and straight forward in her tone.

"I did notice you took control" I said, smiling.

"I like to be in control" she said. "It's a power thing. I have to be the one with power. It's not just a sex thing or a relationship thing; it's in any social interaction. I'm very aggressive at work. At my job I'm the only woman salesperson in an industry dominated by men."

For the record, that industry was farm implement sales. 

"The packer helps me feel confident and strong. Maybe I'm not sure why, but I like it. I'm not trans. I'm a straight woman. But the cock just gives me this sense of power. I don't always wear it, but I wanted to tonight. Spanking you last weekend was exhilarating for me and I wanted to feel powerful around you again.

"I'm telling you all this because I've decided I'm going to invite you back to my home tonight. But before you agree I wanted you to know these things about me. If you come over I will be in control. I don't even guarantee anything will happen. But if something does happen I want you to know that I will be taking charge. If something does happen I want you to know that I will have demands of you. I will make you do some things. Are you comfortable with all of that?"

I'm certain my mouth was hanging open. As an unrepentant sexual submissive Jessica's words may well have been heralded by Handel's Hallelujah Chorus.

"I'm definitely ok with all of that." I stammered out. "More than ok really... I think I made it pretty obvious last weekend that I like being submissive. What you just said sounds like heaven to me." By now I was grinning ear to ear.

"I thought you would agree." Jessica said, also smiling broadly.

At that moment we were both immediately ready to leave and get back to her home as quickly as possible. I followed her in my car. We parked. We walked to her door.

As soon as we entered she grabbed me by the shirt and pulled me down to her for a strong kiss. I wasted no time in reciprocating her actions. She wasn't going crazy though, she was in control of her passion and held me in check with her patience.

We stood in the kitchen, the first room within the entrance, and we kissed slowly and deeply for many minutes without talking. 

"Did you bring anything to sleep in?" she asked.

"Only what I always sleep in... nothing." I answered with a sly smile.

Jessica didn't smile. "That's rather naughty, don't you think? Didn't you expect there might be a chance I'd let you sleep over?" 

I couldn't wipe the smile off my face, but I answered honestly. "I hoped you would. I didn't bring anything to wear in bed in the hopes it might escalate any mutual intentions we may find ourselves to have."

Jessica looked at me with a sardonic expression. "Mmmhmmm" she said flatly. "A naught boy."

My knees trembled hearing her say that. 

"I'm going to go into my bedroom and change into my pajamas. I suggest you do the same out here. I'll call you when I'm ready for you to come in."

With that, she turned and went into her bedroom. She closed the door most of the way, but left it open a foot or so. I wanted to try to catch a peep of her changing, but decided against the chance of further offending her. 

Now it struck me though; she expected me to totally disrobe there in her kitchen. I was, of course, aware she'd already seen me without my pants on last weekend while she was spanking me. Nonetheless, it felt odd just getting naked in someone's kitchen who I barely knew. It was one thing to be getting naked together, but I had the distinct impression I knew she would be fully clothed when I walked, nude, into her bedroom. I became acutely aware of just how much mental power that would give her in our situation, and I realized that was exactly why she'd done it.

Well, I certainly wasn't going to back out at that point. I stripped down, placed my clothes on an open part of a counter, and waited for her to call me into her bedroom. 

I felt so exposed, just standing naked in an unfamiliar place, waiting to be summoned. It took only a few minutes before I hear her call.

"Come in, naughty boy." The voice was stern. I knew we were just playing, I completely trusted Jessica already. Yet, she had a wonderful way of making what we were doing be just on the edge of play, bordering amazingly close to being earnest. She had demonstrated it the previous weekend and now I was about to get a much larger dose.

Slightly hesitantly, I stepped through her bedroom door. Without even thinking about it my hands moved to cover my exposed penis. 

"Uh uh." she scolded lightly. "Hands down please." she instructed. I immediately obeyed.

Jessica sat on the edge of her bed. As I expected she was completely covered neck to toe. She wore a soft looking pink set of full pajamas with some kind of designs on it I don't remember, and fuzzy socks. She sported a thin smile and her small frame glasses were down toward the tip of her nose in a rakish librarian style. 

I could immediately feel my cock begin to grow at the sight of her. Without thinking I had paused halfway through my walk from her door to her bed and was now just standing there as she looked at me.

"I like how you look naked. Such a pretty cock and a nice round ass." Jessica commented, her smile broadening a bit. "If, after tonight, we continue to see each other I think you need to be naked all the time in my home. How does that sound to you?"

"I can live with that." I said with a smile of my own, as I tried to force my nerves into submission. 

"It looks like that pretty cock of yours is starting to get hard. Does it excite you to be exposed in front of me like this?" she asked.

"It does." was my answer.

"Why?" she prodded.

I thought for a moment again. "I've known for a long time I'm sexually submissive to women. I like being told what to do by you. I like being exposed in front of you because it makes it so clear who has the power. I like you having the power."

Jessica smiled more naturally now. "That was a very good answer." she said. "You may have earned yourself a few less strokes with that answer."

I looked at her slightly quizzically. I had an idea what she meant by 'a few less strokes' but I wasn't quite sure. 

She saw my mild confusion. "You're still a naughty boy and you need to be punished for intentionally not bringing any pajamas so you could use your nakedness as leverage to get me to have sex with you."

I actually felt a little guilty when she put it that way. 

"So I'd like you to place your hands on the bed next to me here and present your bottom, just as I had you do last weekend."

Without waiting I walked over to the bed and placed my hands on it next to wear she was sitting. 

"Ass up" she said. "Good" as I complied. "Wait there, just like that."

She stood and walked to her closet. It was behind me and so I wasn't able to see what she was doing. I heard her rummaging through some things.

My heart raced like mad. I couldn't believe we were getting right to the spanking again. My dreams were coming true.

She walked back towards me and, without warning, there was a tremendous thwack against the bed right in front of me. In my startlement I moved my hands from the bed and jumped backwards a bit. Jessica had smacked the bed with a wooden paddle. It was about a foot and a half long, two inches wide, and a quarter of an inch thick. 

"Whatever decrease in strokes you may have earned with your excellent answer earlier may very well have been nullified by your inability to maintain your posture." Jessica said with some enjoyment.

"Sorry" I said as I quickly placed my hands back on the bed and raised my bottom up by arching my back as well as I could. I felt very exposed and vulnerable... I loved it. 

"With each stroke you will say 'Thank you, Miss.' Is that understood?" she asked

"Yes" I said, gulping a little.

"I'd prefer it if you answered 'Yes Miss' or 'No Miss,' alright?"

"Yes Miss" I replied dutifully

"Excellent. Are you ready?"

I breathed heavily. I was very excited and very nervous and very horny all at the same time. "Yes Miss" I finally answered.

"Let's begin" she said.

I felt her rub the paddle on my naked ass. She moved it around gently, rubbing each cheek in turn. After a minute of this the paddle lifted and I prepared myself.

Smack!

I jumped, probably more at the sound than at the sensation. She hadn't struck me very hard. It stung a little, on my right cheek is where the paddle had landed. She struck my ass again, this time the left cheek. As with the first strike, this was not a particularly hard hit.

She went like this for maybe a couple dozen swings. She alternated between my cheeks, not hitting too hard, though I could definitely feel my ass getting pink. She took her time in between the blows. My cock was fully erect now.

"Somebody is enjoying his spanking a bit too much." Jessica chided in a cooing voice.

"Remember how I told you the next time I spanked you I wanted to watch you jack yourself off?"

"I definitely remember." I answered honestly.

Jessica immediately landed a strong strike across both my cheeks. I cried out with the sudden pain of it.

"Yes Miss! I remember Miss!" I screamed through the pain.

"Good boy" she said, and I could hear the smile in her voice and it made me melt. "Grab your cock and play with yourself. Go however you like, make it feel good. But you're not allowed to cum until I say, ok?"

"Yes Miss." and answered, dutifully.

"I like to see a guy hard and horny and pleasuring himself while he's getting spanked." Jessica informed me.

I began to stroke my cock and if felt great. I was so horny and the spanking I was receiving was making me hornier and hornier with each strike. Those strikes began to increase in intensity. Sometimes it would be just one cheek, sometimes both. I continued to masturbate furiously as she paddled my ass.

After maybe another twenty hits I was really starting to squirm.

"Hold still bitch!" Jessica instructed sternly, but not loudly.

I could only answer with a whimper "Yes Miss." I loved that she'd called me 'bitch'. It was unexpected and I found it very sexy.

I held still except for my hand stroking myself. My focus on my cock was waning as my ass began to hurt more and more.

SMACK!

A very hard hit. My knees buckled a little and my hand stopped moving. She followed with a handful of more hard swings.

SMACK!

SMACK!

SMACK!

The swings kept coming but I was really squirming around so they stopped landing as solidly, as I yelped in pain. I should have stayed still as Jessica had commanded...

WHACK!

I wasn't expecting it. As I twisted and turned my ass away from her swats she took her paddle and, like a golf swing, brought it up between my legs and right into my balls. I don't know how much force she put into the swing, not a ton I'm sure, but that really didn't matter.

I collapsed onto the floor immediately cradling my balls and moaning.
