 Part 3 of the story about the work experience girl with us at the moment.

----------------------------------------------

"What does a girl have to do to get a job round here?" 

I couldn't believe I was really going to do this, but here I was. I didn't have a lot of choice when I came to it – I needed the money that this job would pay – needed it badly.

"Oh Lauren, Hi," He was surprised to see me in his office.

"Hi," I said, as sexily as I could manage. Think of the job, think of the job I kept telling myself.

"Sorry Lauren I thought you'd gone" he mumbled. I could see him trying not to stare at my tits – I'd purposefully undone one of the buttons to show a bit more cleavage than usual, and I could tell it had had its effect.

"Well... I wanted to make a good impression" I smiled. "As I said – what does a girl have to do to get a job round here?" I closed in for the kill, and pulled gently at my collar to reveal even more flesh – god this was embarrassing.

"Err... well... you know there's a lot of competition for jobs here... a long waiting list," he managed to stutter out.

I batted my eyelids – I had him now I could tell. "Do you think I've got a chance?" I flashed him my best sexy smile.

"I don't know... I mean you're works not bad but..."

"But?" I whispered. Here goes I thought... "I need to do more?" Oh god, I can't believe I'm doing this...

"Yes," he took a deep breath "What would you do for it Lauren?"

What would I do for it? How far was I willing to go? Shit – should I just back out now? I bit my lip and pushed my hair out of my eyes. "Oh I'm sure I could do some very, very bad things." 

I kissed his cheek and laid my hand on his chest. No going back now I thought – I've come too far. 

His hand reached round and grabbed at my arse. I gasped in shock as the reality of what I was about to do hit me. This wasn't me. But as his hands undid my trousers I couldn't deny that I felt sexy. This wasn't me at all, but might I just enjoy it? I stepped out of my clothes and stood up straight, trying to meet his gaze defiantly as his eyes lingered across my body. I knew I wasn't ugly – ok I knew I was more than that, but it was nice to feel so sexy standing here in front of him. I turned him on I could tell – his dick was straining at his trousers.

As I stood there in my blouse and knickers I undid two more buttons and flashed him my matching bra. This so wasn't me but I could get used to the role I thought, and I could feel a familiar warmth in my crotch.

"You like what you see?" I asked quietly.

"Oh yes" he said, "come here".

I walked towards me, trying not to show how petrified I really was. Was I actually going to do this? Was I really going to sink this low to get the job?

He unbuckled his belt and pulled down his trousers. 

I guess I was.

He was clearly very turned on, and before I knew what was happening he had his dick in his hand and was stroking it gently. My mouth was dry and I licked at my lips nervously. 

He wanted a blow job then. Ok. I'd given those before I guess. A few anyway – not loads – I wasn't that easy... 

As I sank to my knees in front of him I rethought that. I guess I was that easy. This was by far the sluttiest thing I'd ever done... Except that first time, but I was drunk then and they took advantage.

His hand in my hair brought me out of my thoughts, as the smell of his dick hit me. I thought it would be gross but if it did anything it made me a little bit hornier. God was I really enjoying this?

He began to rub his dick faster in front of my face, and I looked up at him nervously. Suddenly his warm shaft touched the side of my face and I let out a little groan of surrender. As he slid his hard cock across my face I turned and let it rest on my lips. I swallowed my embarrassment – I was about to have to swallow something much worse.

"You better make this good girl" he said gruffly.

"Oh I will," I replied arrogantly. Sod him I thought – I can suck dick and he'll know it when I've finished with him.

He gasped as I slipped my lips around the sticky head of his cock. I could taste the salty flavour as I took him in my mouth and again felt a warm between my thighs. It was turning me on I couldn't deny that, particularly as he grabbed my hair and began to pull on it to make sure I kept up the pace. I couldn't believe it was making me horny – I nearly didn't go through with it tonight – it wasn't the sort of girl I was, really. But here I was with his dick in my mouth and ever moistening knickers,

He pulled my head up and his dick popped out of her mouth ridiculously. What else did he want?

"I want to see some tits slut."

Fuck you – you wanker I thought. Look at you - all your Christmases had come at once, but still you weren't happy. It was all about power with men wasn't it. Bastards.

I leant back and started to undo my blouse.

"No," he barked, and before I knew what was happening he'd grabbed my blouse and torn it apart. Buttons went everywhere and I gasped as he gazed at my boobs. Although I knew I was pretty I was a bit self conscious about them – they were smaller than I'd have liked, but he seemed to like them – his hands were all over me. I could feel myself getting even damper as his cold fingers ran across my tits and rubbed at the nipples.

I stared back at him. "Happy now?"

"Touch them" he said. Although I hated to admit it being spoken to like this was really turning me on, and I wasted no time in cupping and stroking my tits. He began to touch himself again and then pulled me to him holding my hands round my boobs with his dick in the middle. 

I'd never done this before...

"Tell me to fuck your tits" he ordered.

Power... "Fuck my tits" I moaned.

He frowned. "Not good enough for a job - fuck my slut tits and treat me like a whore."

Oh god. It was bad enough when he called me a slut but now he was calling me a whore! I wasn't was I? But then I thought about what I was doing, and what had got me into this, and as I realised I quivered in a mixture of shame and arousal - I was a slut. I was practically a whore.

"Fuck my slut tits and treat me like a whore," I panted as I bounced my boobs up and down his dick. This time I couldn't deny the arousal. I was practically dripping wet.

"Oh I'll treat you like a whore Lauren." he said smirking. "You're going to carry on this tit wank until I cum, and when I do it'll be all over your perfect little tits."

Bastard. I could feel a blush spreading across my chest and up into my face. Power – it was all about power.

"OK," I agreed, "but don't get it in my face – it's gross."

"Speaking from experience?" he questioned.

"Yes as a matter of fact," the memories came rushing back. The party. The vodka. The bastards. "My first proper boyfriend at sixteen. He persuaded me to give him and his best friend a blow job and then they jerked off in my face. Gross." I didn't tell him what else they'd made me do...

He moved my hands from my boobs and held them himself, fucking roughly between them. I could tell he was loving every second of this.

He smirked smugly - "I want you to play with your cunt."

"What?" I said in surprise.

"Play with your cunt. Finger fuck yourself. OK?"

The words had caught me by surprise. I thought he'd be happy with a quick one off the wrist, or a blow job, but no. Now he wanted me to masturbate in front of him – as he fucked my tits! 

I couldn't!

I slid my hand between my legs and inside my wet knickers. Oh god that felt good – the pleasure burst into my brain. I slowly sank a finger inside and then rubbed it across my pussy lips. Mmmmm.

As he began to breathe heavily I found my clit and teased it gently. Oh god.

"You like it like this slut?" he asked nastily. "On your knees frigging yourself while I fuck your lovely tits?" 

I blushed again – I wish he'd stop using words like that, it made me feel such a whore. But at the same time as the shame, a wave of pleasure shook me.

"You like it when I call you a slut Lauren? A dirty little whore?"

I moaned. I couldn't help it. My hand was sticky between my legs and my clit was buzzing with arousal.

"Well I'm going to use you now my slut. I'm going to cum between your tits." 

Fuck you – I thought again. Use me you bastard, just give me the damn job. He squeezed my boobs as he slid his cock between them, almost hitting me on the chin each time. As I touched myself I began to pant harder – I could feel the sweat dripping down my back. He pinched my nipples and I cried out.

"You're going to cum for me aren't you slut" he mocked, and something inside me cringed in shame. "Cum like a whore on her own fingers. Masturbating in front of me."

Oh god. The humiliation I felt being spoken to like that rose up in me - on the crest of a wave of pleasure. I bit my lip and tried not to give him the satisfaction of hearing me cum, but it was no good. My body shook and I moaned out loudly, rubbing my clit as fast as I could as a huge orgasm rolled over me.

He pulled out as I collapsed backwards and before I knew what he was doing he was jerking his cock in front of me. A jet of cum spurted over my boobs – the warm liquid dripping down to my stomach – and I gasped out in shock, my hands going automatically to my chest.

Then he grabbed my hair and his hand moved like a blur right over my face.

"No" I panted "you said you wouldn't..." but I was interrupted by his next shot which spattered across my chin and into my mouth. Urgh... That feeling of sticky cum over my face made me so ashamed – just like that first time all those years ago. My cheeks burned red as I surrendered to him and he sprayed a last spurt over my nose. 

As I wiped my face with my hand I tried not to gag from the taste. I could feel him wiping off his dick in my hair – wanker – that would take ages to wash out.

I wiped as much of his cum as I could from my face but it wasn't much use, it would take more than that. I tried to regain my composure, forget what he'd just done to me, and act cool and collected.

"So... do I get a job?" 

He looked down at me and smirked - "Well lets just say you're through the first round."

----------------------------------------------

As per part one and two, hope you enjoy it and let me know your comments and ideas if you want more of her exploits. It's my first submission so all (constructive) feedback is appreciated.