 The next morning at work was interesting! My cock was rock hard even before Jayne came in, and my mind was thinking about how she'd react to me after having my cock forced deep down her throat.

Last night had ended a bit abruptly, I guess being forced in the way she was and then ending up on your ass in the dirt, with your dress under you armpits whilst coughing up sperm does tend to draw an evening to a close!

In the end the day was more awkward than enjoyable. I spent most of it thinking about her slurping as she sucked on my cock or of pulling down her panties to exposure her shaven pussy, but that maybe, was just my imagination getting carried away from that stolen glimpse through her undies.

I'm sure she tried her hardest to avoid me as much as possible. Still I managed to convince her to shift my Wednesday meeting with a regional director till Friday. This meant me having to fly out Thursday and then back late on Friday and so I suggested we meet up at a hotel near the airport and have dinner – but this time getting less drunk! I didn't get total agreement!

Thankfully just before I left the regional office that Friday evening, I got a call to tell me that she would meet me for dinner. I got on the plane full of anticipation and excitement.

We met in the restaurant of the hotel, nothing really special to be honest, despite it being a top hotel. Jayne was perched on a stool at the bar sipping on some cocktail – champagne somewhere in there no doubt. She had made quite an effort and looked utterly stunning. Her little black flowing dress just about retaining her breasts, and tantalisingly without need of a bra given the depth of the neck line!

I put my hand on her shoulder and leaned over to kiss her cheek. She turned to receive my greeting, uncrossing her legs in the process and causing the left side of her dress to fall away almost to her hip. Her little black dress was no more than a wrap around, held in place at the waist by a few clasps. The full sight of her shapely thigh enclosed in fine hosiery held by garter straps filled my vision, but it was a brief pleasure before her hand caught the fallen material and replaced it over her lap. Still the lingering memory remained to torment me throughout dinner.

Our eyes rose together and met, mine no doubt displaying a degree of guilt at the sight I had stolen, but hers had a definite sparkle lurking deep in her black pupils. Had that display been orchestrated? I couldn't help my mind from thinking of it as a deliberate attempt to tempt me with arousing displays of her body. She wanted me and was showing me the pleasures she had to offer.

As we walked over to the dinner table, I rested my hand on her lower back, my fingers lingering over her ass, guiding her and feeling the movement of her ass swaying as she walked.

I have a thing about asses and love to look and play with those puckered, horny little holes (this was probably due to my wife's abject hatred of any attention focussed on hers!).

My hand dropped lower and gently sought to shape the bottom of her ass through her dress. My fingers then locating and tracing the seam of her thong or string back up through the crevice of her ass towards her lower back.

There was no reaction whatsoever from Jayne, she continued to engage our banal introductory conversation as though I wasn't even touching her. Such confidence was incredibly sexy to me but I could feel her indifference seeding a faint determination in my mind.

Towards the end of dinner I asked her outright if she would stay with me at the hotel...tonight!

I was desperate for her to stay! Looking at her and talking over dinner had my mind playing out all sorts of deviant things I would have her doing and I was by now more than ready to put some of it into practice. I wasn't helped by having her looking at me with that sparkle dancing in her eyes. She had booked an executive suite after all! – why was that? What did she have in mind? I asked. She demurely lowered her eyes and reminded me that was because of company policy! I laughed, she looked back up, a wry smile on her face. I knew she wanted to stay.

Once we had entered the suite, I opened the bottle of champagne and poured two glasses, and sitting on the sofa offered one to her. She came over, lifted the glass to her mouth and took one sip and then held the glass delicately with both hands just below her mouth.

I placed mine on the floor, and took a light hold of her hips, murmuring her name and gently pulling her closer. She moved towards me easily, I could feel her dress moving over her stockings. I slid my right hand slowly between the wrap of her dress until I touched skin and felt the lace of her garter and.....was that a slight tremble in her tummy?

Her eyes looked readily at me but closed as soon as my hand descended. I brushed the front of her panties, increasing my pressure and gently tracing her outline through the material right back to that thin seam resting between her ass cheeks. My hand was now completely between her legs, exploring and feeling her by touch as if blind, hidden from view by her dress.

My exploration causing the heat of her body to increase against my hand. The edge of my first finger gently rubbing her through her panties, her body's arousal all the time softening her enclosed pussy, allowing my finger to ease its way partially between the ridge of her swelling lips. The material began to dampen with her moisture. My thumb now applying light circular pressure at the front to maintain her arousal.

As she released a long, low sigh, I unclasped the dress with my free hand and allowed it fall open and gazed upon her now exposed breasts and tummy. Her eyes opened, and locked with mine. We stayed like that for what seemed ages, before I removed my hand from between her legs, resulting in a brief confusion flashing through her now slightly narrowed eyes. The confusion turning to unease as my fingers rested on the straps of her panties, digging seductively into her hips, before sliding down against her skin and slowly pulling those straps down, removing what would be her last piece of physical protection.

When I felt as though I had reached the middle of her thighs and was about to unpeel her panties away from her pussy, I broke our eye contact. I was just unable to resist my first unhindered view of what I hoped would be her bald thin slit of flesh. And to my complete delight, she was totally shaven. Her skin was so pale and the curvature of her pubic bone just demanding to be kissed and caressed, and the sight of her hairless pussy lips bulging between her legs, just slightly parted and forming that intoxicating slit was delightful. I couldn't see a blemish anywhere on her young skin. Just a couple of delicious moles giving me an alternative focal point to her inner labia just peeking into view between her outer lips. 

I left the panties around her thighs and placed my hands just above them but between her legs and gently pushed on her inner thighs. Jayne adjusted her stance wider like a good girl until she was restricted only by the tautness of her tiny undies, which had slipped down with one side resting around the back of a calf and the other hooked behind a knee. I still couldn't stop gazing at her, my nose detecting the sweet earthy aroma of her sex. I breathed it in hungrily as I leaned forward and gently kissed the mound of her pubic bone, reaching around at the same time to grasp her ass.

I turned her around slowly until she was facing away from me, legs still agape. My fingers eagerly reaching between her legs, seeking the top of her slit before sliding backwards along her cunt until I reached her moist hole, where my finger laboured around the opening before dipping shallowly inside.

I placed my other hand on her lower back and guided her to bend over, my mind eager to expose her rear, my pressure on her back not subsiding until she had her chest close to her knees giving me clear access to her ass. My hand immediately left her cunt and joined its twin in prising apart her cheeks so I could take in the sight of her darkened anus. I couldn't resist a taste, so leaned in and gently licked her hole. She flinched and started to rise, before I told her to remain still. I guided each of her hands backwards onto her cheeks and got her to hold them apart so I could focus on more important matters.

My tongue eagerly exploring all around - soft and wide tongue to caress up and over her anus, and then hard and pointed to encircle her hole and begin to probe within. I could feel her ass pulsing as my tongue lingered on the hole and felt each fold of tight skin creating the slightly raised bud that was the opening. If only I had thought of packing lube, I think I would have thrown her face down on the bed at that moment and simply mounted her, fucking her hard until I exploded deep in her ass. Licking ass it seems is one of my most arousing pleasures. 

Whenever her grip on her cheeks lessened I sat back and smacked her lower ass gently and reminded her of her task! She would mock pain and quietly cry out and glance at me from around the side. Then she would seductively rub herself before re-grasping her cheeks and spreading herself wide apart again and I would move back in and resume my tonguing of her ass. Every now and then I'd slip my tongue into her pussy and always find it sopping wet with fresh new juice, she clearly liked what I was doing and at one point I felt her body convulsing with orgasm.

When I finally sat back on the sofa, my hands once more reached for her hips and admired the view of this woman's exposed bits. Just looking at her standing there was very erotic, bent over, stretching her anus wide and her dress hanging over her back before falling down on one side.

I finally let her return upright, and picked up my glass and had a sip. She turned around her panties dropping to the floor allowing her to step out, and then slipped off her dress. She had a really lovely curvatious body, her breasts noticeably large for her frame with dark areolas and big nipples, her chest then curving into her waist, with her hips fairly narrow compared to her breasts.

She stood there watching me admiring her body, in fact I couldn't stop myself switching focus between her tits and pussy – nothing subtle about my display. Nothing subtle either when I told her to go and get on the bed whilst I got undressed.

My cock unsurprisingly rock hard as I approached the bed to find her close to orgasm again with her fingers manipulating her clit hard and fast. She stopped as I climbed over her and pulled her legs together before lifting them by the ankles and pushing them down over her head. I shuffled myself forward until my cock was poised above her pussy, my arms taking my weight either side of her chest and my head between her shins. Her legs fell against my arms as she relaxed her knees and reached for my waist to pull me closer, she whispered "now" to me, and tried to pull me closer, there was an intensity to her voice.

I lowered myself and gently kissed her mouth, she whispered again "now", her hands brushing my cock as she reached to open herself up. I pulled back onto my haunches, my cock pulling away from her. Her knees fell to the bed. She really had opened herself up, her inner labia was pulled wide underneath her fingers and I could see her cunt hole surrounded by translucent juice ready for tasting. My finger reached towards her hood and pushed it up to expose the horn of her clitoris, my tongue following and causing her body to jolt with its touch. She moaned as I lapped at her pussy scooping out the liquid and slurping as I sucked on her lips and clit. My finger all the while holding her hood tight.

She came really quickly, raising her hips as her body shook and she moaned with her orgasm, then whispered again for me to fuck her. I raised myself up once more and aimed my cock towards her, she grabbed it and guided me to her cunt, her legs once more together and raised above her head. I held myself for a second or two, as the thought that I was just about to fuck my PA flashed through my mind.

I could feel her opening up, giving way as my cock wavered, just touching her, rocking forwards and back, opening and closing her hole before slowly dropping and penetrating her fully with one slow movement. She took all of me, letting out a deep moan when I was completely in and hooking her ankles behind my head.

I pulled out and immediately re-entered her with a faster thrust, causing louder moans as I reached her limit. My speed and intensity increasing with each movement, I grabbed the back of her knees at some point and forced them down onto the bed, ripping her ankles from behind by head and leaving them dangling in the air. My legs moving up to cradle her ass as I straddled her, giving me better leverage to fuck her faster.

She grabbed my hair and pulled my closer as she demanded I fuck her harder, her teeth gritted as she concentrated on our fucking. I was so close to cumming myself, but still managed to put my full force behind the thrusting as I now began to pound her hard and fast before feeling my cock tensing ready to release its load.

I pulled out just in time, as my first spray of cum began to unload itself just inside her cunt, as I pulled out further the next one arched over her pubic bone causing a glistening streak of cum to rest across her mound.

I held myself over her slit and tugged at my cock, easing the rest of my cum out between her lips, before wiping my cock over her ass and then rubbing the sticky gooey mess into her pussy.

We spent the rest of the night fucking, interspersed with drinking champagne, and by about 4am just drifted off to sleep somewhat exhausted. Still my lasting memory before sleep was of Jayne squatting over me, my cock deep inside her as she fucked herself insanely, grinding herself against me in an attempt to impale herself.

She really seems to enjoy a good fuck does Jayne, but the best thing was in the morning she slid down the bed and took me in her mouth and sucked me hard, before getting me off with her hand. I'm sure I barely had any cum left in me after the night before! Still she laid across me in such a way that I could reach around and finger her ass at the same time. I managed to lift myself enough to be able to spit between her cheeks and rub it into her hole so I could ease one finger further inside than just the tip.

Feeling her ass around my finger as I pushed through her tight sphincter and then free into the cavity of her dirt hole was just so erotic. Although she was less impressed with me spitting than I'd imagined. Still once my finger found its way in, she quietened down, that coupled with the trickle of cum that was about to find its way into her mouth and throat I guess. Still I had a few days to recover until next time when I will have packed lube for sure and maybe a collar too for my new toy!