 Part 1

Jayne and I met up three times that following week, each time in a hotel and each time we pretty much fucked until we fell asleep. Monday was the only unplanned day and basically we just had to relieve the sexual tension from being together. We had spent most of the day in each others company in one meeting or another, or in my office discussing future arrangements, although my thoughts were more focussed on getting those panties down around her ankles again!

Jayne herself was eager for us to get together, and quickly made the necessary arrangements. We left work around 6.30pm and met up with some colleagues in a bar near the office before making for the hotel. I'm sure Jayne had been talking because the conversation was interspersed with various innuendos and everyone had those "knowing" smiles as they nodded and listened!

I couldn't help but think how hypocritical this all was! At least now that I knew two of the other Directors were screwing their PA's as well and one of them -- the South Island Director - was banging the CFO into the bargain. It was one of those moments when it dawns on you how little perception you have -- despite meeting with these people almost daily you still have no idea they were fucking each other.

Angela, the CFO, gave the impression of blissful marriage and at 35 was an absolutely stunning woman. I had met her husband several times in the past, a fit, good looking, sociable bloke, whose family had made their money from law about 3 generations ago. Angela therefore had absolutely no need to work and everyone thought she would soon be announcing a period of leave to get fat, very fat! Whereas, in fact, according to Jayne the current rumour is that Graham, the Director, had managed to get both his PA and Angela together on a regular basis.

The thought of slim, prim, professional Angela, her stunning looks and figure together with another woman was simply too amazing to be true, the thought of overweight, hairy Graham despoiling them both, retching to say the least. Most of the management team (including the women I expect) would like to spend just one evening with her and show her the meaning of debauchery and take away that prim and proper air from her halo! Still if all the latest rumours are true, her halo may well be missing let alone coloured when it comes to the bedroom!

According to rumour, their latest session went something like this: The two women slowly undressed each other whilst Graham watched with his cock out in his hands. Once they were stripped naked he fucked his PA whilst Angela straddled her face for a good tonguing (and apparently Angela has a brazilian and tastes of vanilla!). Once Graham had filled her with cum, Angela went down on all fours and cleaned her out whilst Graham mounted Angela doggie style. 

Then the fun really began because Angela pulled out a strap-on and proceeded to fuck the PA whilst Graham slipped himself neatly into her mouth. He was then made to eat the PA whilst Angela lubed his ass and fucked him with the strap-on herself - which he apparently liked so much that he came pretty much immediately the thing breached his anus, not that his cum splattering made her ease up. Apparently, she fucked him stupid and he was begging her to stop in the end.

At least that begins to explain the power shift in the board room that even I had picked up on recently! I always felt that once you fuck someone up the ass they will always be yours to do your bidding, it seem it applies equally to men who let women fuck them up their asses. I still held a degree of scepticism over the whole story, although it did cross my mind that if it opened the right doors and should Angela request it, I might give up my ass for her dominating pleasure too.

Those PA's spread so much chatter around the office it's untrue, and Jayne is a terrible gossip without needing others to fuel it further, so I was sure our coupling was now common knowledge in certain circles. 

We left the bar first, leaving the others to talk about us no doubt, and headed for the hotel. Dinner was a quick affair and we were in the room by 10pm. Jayne shot off for a quick shower, although I wasn't sure how she'd cope standing, after drinking five Champagne cocktails!

By the time she came out of the shower, I had undressed and was laying on the bed with a brandy and ice to keep me company. She was naked apart from a towel wrapped around her head (as only women do) which she was fiddling with as she walked towards me. My eyes were steadfastly focussed on the mound of her pubic bone and the delightful V contour defining the lower edge of her abdomen, enhanced by the shadows cast by her leg with each step she made, drawing my eyes inexorably down to her perfect slit. 

She reached the bed and purposefully climbed on, one knee at a time and then straddled my body before leaning forward, her face centimetres from mine. There was clearly only one thought in her mind, "fuck me", as she position herself above my cock which was noticeably wilted given the circumstances. Her towel began to unravel, before falling partly over my face and onto the bed, I pulled it away angrily and watched Jayne as she scooped her wet her and pulled it to one side, laughing as she did so.

She lowered herself until she was resting on my sorrowful cock, and began to grind herself into me. It had the desired effect with blood beginning to pour into just the right area. She then sat upright and grasped her breasts from underneath, pushing them upwards and inwards, slowly grappling with her own flesh, further increasing the speed of blood flow into my ever hardening cock. As her nipples began to awaken she moved her fingers to her mouth and transferred saliva to the nubs of her breasts before tweaking those nipples between two fingers. 

She look even more intent that before and with me now eager to please, she raised herself up and reached in for my stiff cock, leaving her playful breasts to dangle in my face as she sought to direct me into her pussy. There was nothing special or sexy about this night, no touching, no playing, no kissing, just raw, sweaty sex and then some! 

Once I was lined up, she slowly lowered herself and engulfed my shaft, a satisfied look crossing her face when she was fully impaled. She raised her arms above her head and raked her fingers through her hair again, holding her head back as she arched her back and rolled her hips forward increasing my depth and angle of penetration before beginning her self fucking motions.

Jayne just fucked herself over and over, sometimes just rolling her hips with me deep inside, her body convulsing with orgasm and other times lifting herself almost completely off before thrusting herself down with vigour as she built towards her next convulsion. I switched between holding her hips to move her at the speed I needed whenever she waned and massaging her ample tits, she squealed whenever I tweaked her nipples. And I got progressively more rough with her tits as her fucking intensified, at one point I pulled her right down onto me, screaming all the way as her nipples stretched and led the way.

Still her fucking intensified the lower she got, and by the time I had to let go of her nipples to wrap my arms around her back and pull her tight she was insanely bucking on me, ramming herself down before lifting up and ramming down again. It was intense! Sweat running off our bodies, sticky between us, her moaning bordering on screams as she came again, my cock ready to explode itself. 

I reached around and grabbed her ass cheeks, roughly pulling them apart before franticly lifting her up and dragging her back down on my cock, raising my own hips as I pulled her down to intensify the thrust. Fighting with her movements, eager to maximise my own orgasm, wanting to be as deep as possible when I came, just like she told me she wanted. She grabbed the headboard for leverage and to stop me rolling her over and finishing her off. She was growling "No!" repeatedly as I tried to turn her over.

I looked away from my cock splicing her pussy for a second and glanced up at her face, her sweat dripping into my eyes causing me to blink before refocusing on her face. There was an utter determination to finish this off glowering in her eyes, her jaw was set and animal groans were emanating from her throat as she again increased the speed and thrust of her hips onto me. There was almost an anger to it now, like she wanted to be hurt. Like she needed to be hurt. Her tits were bouncing everywhere, sometimes when she arched her back low, they briefly smeared across my face, my mouth making futile attempts to catch at a nipple, so frenetic were her movements.

My body (or my cock in particular) wanted my eyes to close, to allow my mind the chance to keep a focus on hanging on for a bit longer and continue with this fabulous insanity. My mind though was getting crazed with the increasing intensity and the sensation overload it was creating and simply wanted my eyes to remain open and take in everything they could see with the hope it would push me over the edge - the sight of this woman fucking me and causing the intense burning of my cock, her bucking hips rising and lowering frenetically, short hard thrusts straight down on my aching cock, her sweat dripping all over me, the rubbing of her legs as they moved against my side and the sight of her tits jangling around my face as she thrust backwards and forwards. 

Glimpses of her spread pussy suctioned around my cock as she slid up and down caused my adrenaline to rise as my mind reminded itself how good that looked and felt. It looked fucking amazing and then suddenly the feelings were too strong to control and overpowered my feeble resistance.

Suddenly, I could take it no more and bucked upwards one more time holding myself up as my cum shot forth, deep inside her pussy. She came down hard and screamed out a long loud "yes", interspersed with those animal noises, as she released her grip on the headboard and sat upright still rising and lowering, now from habit rather than need. Her own orgasm beginning as she rode me still further, my cock now super sensitive having released its load causing my body to twitch itself.

She moaned still further, gradually slowing her rhythmic hip rotations and allowed her body convulsions to take a hold. I slowly lowered my hips and returned both of us to the bed, grasping her tits once more and pushing them up hard. She responded, and lifted her hands once more to her head and leaned back as I continued to grope her flesh. There was an immense amount of sweat underneath her tits and I smeared it over her nipples with my palm as I dug my fingers into her flesh and began to squeeze her harder. More recognisable, satisfied moans taking over from the animal noises from a few seconds earlier as she finally came to a halt with her movements.

The sudden strangeness of being still allowed our focus on breathing and both of us were short of breath. She lifted herself off me, and knelt over to take me in her mouth, the sharpness of sensation that shot through my body was surprising given the softness of her tongue and mouth and she sucked her way down my shaft before rising right off. Her mouth dropping to take my soaking wet balls into her mouth instead. She rose again licking her lips theatrically, a "mmmmmmmm" easing its way out of her mouth as she leaned over me and kissed me. Her tongue firmly entering my mouth and engaging mine in a circular motion.

She slid off to the side and laid next to me, her arms wrapped around my back and chest as we drifted off to sleep. I sought out her ass and slid my fingers down until I found her hole and rested my fingers firmly on the opening. She shifted slightly and looked up at me, that sparkle shining in her eyes before saying "next time darlin, next time!"