 She stuck her tongue out at me and wiped her face again before sitting up on my desk in nothing but her very damp knickers. God she looked hot.

I stood up and stepped in front of her, admiring her pert tits still sticky with my cum.

"Lay back" I ordered. She looked at me quizzically, but then complied, laying back across the desk. I stood between her thighs and slid my fingers under the waistband of her knickers. Lauren tilted her head and looked at me coyly.

With a swift movement I pulled at her knickers and tore the material apart leaving her naked. She just giggled and spread her thighs invitingly. I could see her neatly trimmed pubic hair above her juicy cunt.

I lowered my head to her stomach and kissed it, before trailing my tongue down until it reached her slit.

"MMMmmmmmm" she moaned softly as I teased her lips, probing gently between her labia. My dick began to stir again as she wriggled sexily on the desk.

I sank my head between her thighs and licked again, locating her clit. She gasped and her legs shook in pleasure.

"You're a juicy little slut aren't you" I said, looking up her from between her legs. She blushed and turned her head, but her right hand trailed up to her breasts. She was a slut whether she liked it or not – and she knew it.

As she touched her tits I held her hips and ate her out, her thighs clamping harder and harder around my head. She began to groan out regularly as she got close to cumming.

With both her hands squeezing her sexy little tits I lapped hard at her pussy – she could take little more I knew. I stopped suddenly and she practically begged me to carry on, but I had other plans.

With little gentleness I flipped her over on the desk so she was lying on her stomach, tits pressed against the wood. Her head hung over the front, while at the back her butt stuck up at me. What a sight – how many times had I stared at the butt as she walked past, and now here it was stark naked and proffered up before me.

I kicked her feet apart and rested my left hand on her lower back. She turned her head to look back at me as with my other hand I directed my now hard dick towards her cunt.

"I'm going to fuck you like a dog Lauren. Doggy style like the slut you are."

"Oh yes…" she gasped out – so turned on from my cunnilingus that she was just desperate to cum.

I gazed at her cute face as my dick slipped inside her. Her eyes closed briefly as I slid deep in to her cunt and then opened again to stare into mine.

As I began to pump her lithe body from behind she put her hands out in front of her and gripped the edge of the desk. She began to pant out "yes… yes… oh… oh…" before any sense was lost from her speech and the only sounds descended into heavy panting and mewls of pleasure. Her tits were being mashed against the wood as I fucked her, but that just seemed to give her even more pleasure.

As I felt her body begin to tense up before a huge climax, I reached round with my right hand and rubbed hard on her clit. She yelped out and began to cum, her pussy contracting around my dick and her whole body shaking on the desk.

As she finished cumming I began to pump her harder and harder – her grunts of pleasure now mixed with grunts of exertion as her body was pounded into the desk. She was still enjoying it though I could tell, and her juices were dripping down my legs.

"You like it rough Lauren?" I asked cheekily, pounding long and hard inside her.

"Mmmgh mmmgh… nnngh…" was all she could gasp out as she tilted her head back. I wound my left hand into her hair as I fucked away at her, and pulled on it slowly. I wasn't going to hold out much longer. She knew it as well and turned back to look at me. Her flushed face was so beautiful and the sight of it staring at herself as she was fucked was too much for me to bear. 

I pumped into her a few more times, and then as she smiled sexily I pulled out. My cock twitched and then spat out a stream of cum over her shoulder blades, followed by a second across her upturned arse. She smiled contently at a job well done before her head sank down to the desk in exhaustion. I stayed slumped over her with my dick buried deep up her cunt until it began to soften again.

----------------------------

As per Part 1 - hope you like it and if you do then please let me know with some feedback as it's my first story. All ideas for part 3 welcome... she's only on work experience for another week so...