 This is a follow on from "The Big Tease" and "Oral in the Ocean". Sam and Emily have just indulged in oral sex while hanging off the back of the yacht...

Sam followed me onto the boat and sat his own naked body opposite mine in the cockpit where we both dried ourselves.

Asking him to wait where he was, I ducked below to prepare the finger food style lunch before bringing it up to lay out on the cockpit table and sitting back down again. When we'd got out of the water we'd sat just behind the spray dodger covering the companionway rather than in line with the table further aft and even now the food was out, that sitting pattern continued.

There'd been a few innocent reasons for that; with the angle of the sun that had been where the optimum shade was and, given we were both naked below the waist it was the point at which various parts of the boat protected our modesty from just about every angle where someone might see us. I assure you, the fact that it meant we were exposed to each other instead of our respective views being blocked by the table was merely coincidental. Really, I mean it. Of course I could have slipped my bikini bottoms back on, but they were wet and yucky. I could have put on the spare ones in my bag below but they were...ahmmm...below.

OK, let's put the issue on the table. I don't normally go about displaying my fanny (has a different meaning in Australia from the US - you work it out) to every guy I go out with.

Indeed I can only think of one other case where I've offered a fanny view while sharing a meal or indeed doing anything other than having sex. That had been when I slipped off my wet bikini bottoms and gone commando under a tight mini skirt after a late afternoon swim with my then boyfriend of the moment. On the spur of the moment, we'd decided to go Japanese for dinner only to find the only available table was one of those sit on the floor jobs in a bamboo booth.

I was half way to the table before the penny dropped that I had something of an issue. There was no way I could sit in a proper leg folded position without hitching my skirt up and exposing myself to the whole restaurant. I started sitting with my legs straight out under the table with my stomach as close to the table as I could; but with no back support that was really uncomfortable. In the end, out of necessity and with the help of two glasses of wine, I decided that it was better to be comfortable and limit my exposure to just the guy; moving back to find some support for my back and angling my legs inwards into the booth; even lifting one knee occasionally to avoid the discomfort that the straight legged pose presented. 

There was not the slightest doubt he had a clear perspective of it; goggle eyed and completely distracted. Mind you it was the only look he did get at it; and he certainly didn't get to touch it - with anything. He wasn't a keeper nor even root worthy. And although I had to explain my dilemma to him over dinner, it was only later that I remembered he was already well aware I was commando. Then I remembered it was his idea to follow up the day with dinner and go Japanese. Yes I was suspicious. Wouldn't you be?

Sam on the other hand showed every sign of being a keeper; at least for the time being (I'm too young to think beyond that) and, as my loins had been telling me for a few weeks now, highly root worthy. And frankly being in a somewhat naughty mood, I could think of no more pleasurable way to compliment lunch than to have a view of his junk resting on the cockpit seat between his man-spread legs as we ate and talked. And while, in light of our recent water play, it might have started out resting, I fully expected that before long there would be a lot more on display.

And if I was going to stare at his junk, then it was sort of only fair he had a view of my fanny; and somewhat more than a demure, cross legged view at that. By the time we had had our fill of the table's contents, his junk was a tall pole framed by a pair of ping pong balls in a tight sack.

Funny, isn't it? We'd sat talking at the beach cross legged and face to face many times. He'd had a view straight into my crutch covered by nothing more than the skimpiest, thinnest bikini; the material narrow enough that it's pulled away from my thighs revealing substantial slivers of crutchskin (I know, I took a peek down there as I was talking to him; but is that even a word or concept?). And yet he's kept it under control. Take away that thin strip of material and his member has turned into a raging pulsing telegraph pole noticeably dripping pre-cum. But then maybe it's not just the view. We both knew where the day was going; it might have just been getting ahead of itself.

We'd been finished for a few moments when I gathered up the plates and stuff. Sam got up to help me but I turned to him, letting the tip of his erection brush across my stomach as I put him back in the seat and told him to wait there while I got the dessert ready.

Dumping the stuff in the galley sink as I got to the bottom of the companionway, I dug the sheet I'd brought out of my bag and slipped forward to spread it across the bunk in the forward cabin; tossing the packet of condoms on top. Then going back to the galley I called up the companionway steps "want to give me a hand with dessert?"

Sam answered more by his actions than any words, the strange sight of his legs capped in my view of him by his erection suddenly appearing at the top of the steps; the latter preceding the rest of his body as he quickly descended. Looking slightly puzzled at the empty benchtop he naively asked "what's for dessert?"

I just walked up to him, wrapped my arms around him and pulled him tight to me as I flirtatiously answered "me". Looking up with puckered lips, I waited for the moment it took for his brain to register what was happening before he took the hint and bent down to kiss me; his erection pushing deeply into my stomach as it surged with new found excitement.

As we fondled each other's butts I started walking backwards through the main cabin to the forward one; stepping gingerly over the bulkhead until I could feel the end of the bunk pushing against my knees. Then I simply fell backwards, pulling Sam down with me.

If Sam had been caught off guard and was a little bit slow on the initial uptake, it didn't take long for him to catch up. As we landed on the bunk we both instinctively swung our legs around to bring them both up onto the bunk. In a moment, Sam was bent over my chest pulling aside the bikini top which I still had on to expose a breast and let him start gently sucking; flicking the nipple across his tongue as it responded by hardening and swelling into his mouth.

In moments I felt the strings of the top pulled letting him lift it off my body with his mouth to render us both completely naked. As he continued to suckle me he wrapped his legs around mine; binding us together. His hand slid down my stomach and over my mons; his fingers feeling out my state of arousal before contributing substantially too it by slipping back and forwards across my clit and into my tunnel.

Pinned down by his legs and his head across my chest, all I could do was hold his mouth to my breast with a hand across the back of his head and basically lay back and enjoy it as he switched on and turned up the dial on every erogenous zone in my body.

Finally I couldn't take it any more. I started fiddling with my spare hand over my head to ferret out the condom box and pull a packet out; opening it with my teeth. With the condom in my hand I started reaching down between our bodies seeking access to his shaft to slip it on.

As he rolled back off me to let me bend over him and roll it down over me he asked "What works for you; how do you like it?" 

It's sad to say the question caught me by surprise. I'm not slutty enough to be able to say I'm judging off a statically valid sample, but it's not a question guys usually are considerate enough to actually ask. I almost defensively answered by just focusing on the second part of the question and replying "a lot"; but fortunately didn't.

Still, I had to think for a moment. I knew what the answer was; it was just strange to have to vocalise it. "I find it works better for me when I'm on top" being a bit embarrassed that it took a few moments for me to add, "what about you?"

"Well firstly, if you're not enjoying it neither can I, so I don't want anything that spoils it for you. But if you go first then I like to finish on top. And after we first join up, I like to spend a few minutes just kissing and cuddling before we start going at it."

I had a slight internal giggle at his use of the innocent "join up" for what most guys would describe as "sticks his dick in me". Still, I was intrigued by the fact he wasn't just after using my body to jerk himself off as quickly as possible.

Lying side by side, I held his erection as I guided it into my body; pushing down on it and enjoying the feel of its unyielding firmness separating the walls of my well aroused and lubricated vagina as its full length penetrated me. Then Sam sorted out the 'too many elbows" problem usually associated with lying side by side by putting mine under his head and folding his up between our pressed together bodies to let him cup my breast; gently tweaking the nipple between his fingers.

For maybe five minutes or longer we just fondled each other as we lay there; kissing, nuzzling, exchanging romantic words or sometimes just conversing normally. I noticed Sam loved stroking his hand along my flank, feeling my feminine curve as his hand rose from the dip of my waist up onto my hip and then slid around to feel out the flesh of my butt before moving up into the small of my back. But equally he was happy to stroke my hair, caress my face or circle around and then onto the unoccupied nipple to give it a tweak and a play.

Me? I had trouble leaving alone the firm strong flesh of his butt; cupping it under enough pressure to encourage him to push himself just that little bit deeper into me to let me feel his pubis pushing into my mons and against my clit. But I too wasn't immune to indulging in a bit of chest play; feeling the power of his chest muscles, even once bending down and flicking my tongue across his nipple and being rewarded with as much of a reaction as a guy's is likely to give.

But it was all just stirring up forces that had been suppressed between us for too long. In a way the whole day was about this next moment and it couldn't be put off any longer. I might have spent the morning teasing him, but it was nothing to the yearning I was feeling; an irresistible, undeniable demanding need. I rolled him over on his back and lifted my torso up over him with outstretched arms; pushing my mons hard against him as I started moving up and down. Sam raised his head up to my breast, once again sucking on a nipple and flicking it with his tongue. 

This wasn't destined to be a marathon. Embarrassingly quickly I came; a sharp intake of breath and little moan providing little vocal clue to the power of the climax that caused my body to pummel his shaft with my contractions.

I collapsed down on his chest; Sam continuing to tweak my nipples with his fingers for as long as his thought my climax continued and then cuddled me waiting for my signal that he should take his turn. It was delightful letting my weight lie on his body, his arms around me as I enjoyed that post orgasmic glow, but he had needs too.

I rolled off him, pulling him over on top of me. Putting his legs outside mine, he took his whole weight on his elbows and knees as with each stroke he slipped what seemed like the full length of his cock into and nearly out of my body; each thrust culminating in a slide of his pubis up against my mons, offering a gentle arousing stroke of my clit. As I looked up at him I could see his eyes were focused down between our bodies, enjoying the view of my breasts that must be framing his vision.

I squeezed him a bit tighter inside me; pulsing my pussy against his cock. It seemed that encouraged him, the previous slipping motion become more thrust like; powerful but still gentle. And still each thrust was finished with that glorious slide against my clit, threatening me with another climax.

He rose up on extended arms; his gaze now even more intently, even hypnotically on my breasts. As the angle of our bodies changed, so the slide against my clit at the end of each thrust became more pronounced, more stimulating. I had rolled him on top of me thinking I was just giving him his turn. Now I was praying he could hold on just a bit longer; long enough to let me find the second orgasm building quickly inside me.

A little moan escaped me as I lifted my hips ever so slightly to present a better angle to his already stimulating movements. Sam pick up on the clues that was he was doing was working and shortened his thrusts; now finishing each one with a double slide. At the same time he contorted himself to bend into the breast that had been so distracting him and start suckling it again.

It was only maybe a minute longer that his efforts were rewarded as an incredible orgasm washed through me; causing me to moan louder and arc my hips high enough to lift Sam himself - previously suspended over me on his elbows and knees - further off the bunk and bury him deeper into me.

Through the enjoyment of my own orgasm I was just aware of Sam letting out first a little groan and then a prolonged one as he managed to achieve just the shortest length of withdrawal in the face of my uplifted hips before bringing himself firmly back in. It seemed like his cock grew or hardened or both as the pumping out of his seed communicated itself to my body. 

With a number of mini thrusts and finally a little vibrating movement, all accompanied by soulful soft groans Sam finished his climax and collapsed down on me, bringing our bodies into full contact.

Maybe in recognition of and amusement at the animalistic forces that had taken control of both of us in those final few moments, we shared a laugh. I'm not sure who started it - it must have been just the slightest barely detectible giggle from one of us that signalled the acceptability of seeing the humour in human sexuality when it's unleashed. But in the end both of us we laughing enough that our bodies were moving against each other.

As finally our bodies stilled, Sam looked into my eyes and brought his mouth down to mine to kiss me. Not a brief kiss; a prolonged tongue wrestling one as his still firm manhood occasionally danced inside me, finding little bursts of after-pleasure.

But he was only human - only a male. Too soon it did start to shrink and he rolled himself of me to withdraw; pinning the now full condom to his member with a hand wrapped around my thighs before disappearing into the bathroom to wash it out and leave it in the bin there. I made a mental note to empty the contents of the bin before we left today. I'm sure dad had a fair idea of what we were up to, but that didn't mean he had to find evidence of it next time he was on the boat.