 Here's part four of the story - and probably the final part unless I get some good suggestions of where to take the story from here. Thanks for all your feedback so far - and look forward to any more.

-----------------------------------------------

I stuck my tongue out at him and tried to wipe some more of the cum off my face before sitting back on his desk. His eyes ran over me taking in the sticky trails of cum across my tits.

"Lay back" he ordered, and as I did, he stepped between my thighs and fingered the waistband of my knickers.

I looked down at his determined face as with a quick pull he ripped my knickers off me leaving me naked on his desk. The material pulling between my legs tickled and I giggled, moving my thighs apart.

His eyes were glued to my wet cunt, and he licked his lips as his head moved to my stomach. I gasped as he kissed it and my body tensed as he ran his tongue down to my pussy.

"MMMmmmmmm," I moaned out as he began to press his tongue against moist slit. I wriggled in pleasure as his warm mouth nuzzled at me.

He'd done this before I could tell – he instantly found my clit with his tongue and my body shook in pleasure.

"You're a juicy little slut aren't you," he said nastily, looking up from my pussy. I could feel a blush spread across my cheeks, but his words had made me even hotter and I couldn't help but slide a hand up to my chest, rubbing at my boobs. God I was such a slut.

He held my hips and spread my thighs further apart, licking noisily at my cunt. As the feelings increased inside of me my thighs gripped at his head and I began to groan out.

My other hand moved to my chest too, and I began to squeeze my boobs together and pull on my nipples. Oh god it felt good... I wanted to cum so badly.

But then he stopped and as I looked down to see why, he rolled me roughly over onto my stomach. The desk was cold against me and my hard nipples rubbed against the rough wood, scraping them deliciously.

I waited, panting in anticipation as he kicked my feet wide apart and spread my thighs wide. I looked back at him as he put his hand on my back and lined his dick up with my cunt.

"I'm going to fuck you like a dog Lauren. Doggy style like the slut you are."

Oh god – his dirty talk was so humiliating but at the same time it made me even wetter.

"Oh yes..." I gasped – just desperate to cum.

As he slid his dick into me I shuddered and closed my eyes in pleasure. God that felt good.

He began to pump my body roughly and as I looked back at him I gripped the front of the desk so he wouldn't push me off the front and braced myself as he thrust in and out of me.

His rough fucking from behind was pumping me into submission and I could only pant out "Yes... yes... oh... oh..." 

My nipples were so sore from rubbing on the wooden desk but it all added to the sensations tearing through my body, and being fucked this way like such a whore was going to make me cum like never before.

Just when I'd settled into this hard fucking and was approaching a huge orgasm I felt his hand slide round between my legs. As he pumped harder into my pussy his finger found my clit and I squealed out in pleasure as I began to cum violently, my sweaty naked body shaking over his desk.

All the time I was cumming he fucked me harder and harder and forced me against the desk. God I'd never been fucked so hard or treated so roughly and I began to grunt out as he brutally thrust into me.

"You like it rough Lauren?" he smirked, and banged into me so deep I gasped out.

"Mmmgh mmmgh... nnngh..." was all I could mumble out as he began to pull my hair. I felt so cheap bent over on his desk being fucked raw from behind, and most of all getting off on being treated like a slut.

I couldn't take much more and I looked back at him – to my relief his face showed that he was almost ready to cum.

He fucked into me a final time and just as I thought he was going to shoot his load deep inside me, he pulled out of my clutching pussy and began to wank his dick over my arse and back.

As his cum shot over my shoulders and arse I couldn't help but feel some small satisfaction, but it was soon replaced by a feeling of humiliation as I felt his warm, sticky semen running down my back.

As my head sank to the desk in exhaustion the bastard kept me pinned against the desk impaled on his cock until it began to soften.