 I'm a 53 year old senior executive who spends most of his time flying all over the country. My marriage of nearly 30 years is good but not hugely adventurous between the sheets. My wife prefers the more vanilla variety of sexual stimulation, still with Jayne at work my fantasies are fantastic.

I should explain. Jayne is my personal assistant, she knows mostly everything I'm thinking work wise but probably nothing about my thoughts regarding her and how I fantasise using her. It started off quite innocent, it always does! With just glances of her cleavage through an open blouse, a stolen glimpse of her stocking tops as she adjusts her legs behind the desk, picking out the bulge of garter clips underneath a tight skirt and so on.

Still if she didn't dress so invitingly my mind wouldn't be racing. Most days she will wear either short skirts or dresses and irrespective of length will always be wearing heels. How she manages to protect her modesty throughout the day I will never know. But I do treasure those glimpses of thigh and panty. She never seems shy of revealing cleavage either from behind a blouse with top buttons left open to reveal the fringe of her bra or from the plunging neckline of a figure hugging dress. Both showing a good proportion of those inviting deep, fleshy boobs just sitting there in need of some play.

The truth is, at 23 she is nearly half my age. In fact my daughter is older! But her long light brown, almost strawberry coloured hair, often loose around her face NEEDS my hand pulling it back from hiding her pale skin. Still I manage to remain professional and we are a great team. Professional that is, until one night when six of us go out for dinner. Three execs and their PA's, out for dinner, something we had been planning for months now and cancelled on numerous occasions for one reason or another. Until tonight! When everyone is available -- wives and girlfriends informed of a late work dinner!

Jayne and I walk to the bar to meet the others, her dress blowing around in the breeze. My eyes drifting around between her animated eyes, the movement of her dress as it catches my attention in the wind, her slender pale neck, her rouged lips as they mouth words in response to my own, her eyes as she engages me then looks away, the indent of her dress between her legs as the wind forces it against her body, her lips again -- how I want to taste those lips right now. I'm trying desperately to take in our conversation whilst my eyes try to glimpse everything and my mind struggles to process at these things at once. I feel her eyes tensing, and re-engage them to check to confirm the feeling, my eyes longing to return to the sight of her right breast wrestling in the black lace of her bra as she walks. Have I been caught gazing? I cagily check if all is okay and she tells me yes, just that I seem occupied. If only she knew.

Dinner is excellent, the company the same, and over time the conversation gradually degenerating to relationships and sex. The free flowing liquids, especially the bubbly variety lubricating the degree of detail provided. It never ceases to amaze me how women, PA's in particular, want and do, drink so much champagne! Still, in the discussions that evening when we were all required to disclose an embarrassing sexual admission, I had the sympathy of all when I declared that my wife refuses to give oral sex because of the risk of my cum in her mouth. She has always been like that -- I never declared the other women that I know are much less concerned with that outcome! Still that was in response to Jayne who managed to slur that she had fucked four guys to satisfy a fantasy of her then partner. That image was incredible and hard to shift from my mind. 

As the evening wore on, the others gradually left and Jayne and I continued to talk and drink till much later. In the end I offered to walk her home as I was going to a hotel. We walked, arm in arm through town and then into the small park separating the bustle of town from the relative quiet of more expensive properties and hotels. We sat on a bench to regain head clarity, the bottles of champagne beginning their devilry after the sweetness of taste. My eyes fixated on Jayne's legs, the shape of her calf as it curved away from her ankle and dipped underneath her thigh behind her knee. The small diamonds of her fishnet stockings stretched and elongated over the front of her kneecap. She was sitting on the edge of the bench, half facing me. Her nearest leg was twisted down as she bent her toes in her shoes, her furthest leg remaining square and lifting the hem of her dress which was virtually around her bottom. I was given a clear view of the inside of her left thigh, stocking tops and bulging flesh as well as the beginnings of her black panties before the right leg cut off the view with more flesh and stocking.

I glanced up and saw her eyes drop and follow the line of my gaze down to her legs. She lifted her head clumsily and looked at me saying "opps, I'm almost undressed". I put my hand on her right thigh, just over the stocking top, my thumb gently caressing naked skin, the warmth and softness of her leg was just delightful. Her eyes dropped again to look, and then returned to gaze into my eyes. She frowned before asking what I was doing. I slid my hand further along her thigh, and squeezed it deep between both legs. She relaxed them just enough to allow my movement before tensing them again and freezing my hand. My thumb again just gently moving, caressing her upper thigh now, and very lightly brushing the material of her panties. That touch was electric and my response was immediate.

I shifted awkwardly to allow more room for growth. She looked back at me after watching my hand, this time there was no question, her eyes were sparkling. She slid off the bench and onto her knees all the while looking in my eyes. Her hands reached forward and located my zip and pulled, before reaching inside. The feel of her fingers fumbling around to locate my cock was excruciatingly sexy, all the while her eyes looking up at me remained a sparkle. She found a way into my underwear and that first skin on skin contact as her fingers slid around my cock caused me to break eye contact and just moan quietly. As I was pulled free and into the coolness of the evening, everything combined to create an excitement and eagerness to cum right there. Just watching this young woman on her knees in front of me, holding my cock in her hand, eyes focused on mine and both of us knowing that soon her mouth would be on me. I suppressed the eagerness and held on, as she leaned forward and kissed the tip of my cock her eyes remaining fixed on mine. Her hand tight on me, pulled downwards towards the base of my groin as her mouth engulfed my head, her warmth mouth gently sucking. After what seemed like an age as I took in the sensation, she lifted her head and disappointingly removed her mouth, but just to tell me that it was a condition that I did. I knew what she meant.

Her mouth returned to my cock and she began to suck hard on the head, her tongue seeking out the hole as she tasted me before relaxing the pressure and sliding her mouth slowly down my shaft as her hand pulled tighter taking my skin with it. I moaned, my cock so tight now it was aching delightfully and bending forwards deep in her mouth. The warmth of her mouth now covering me entirely, and her soft tongue cradling my cock inside her mouth. I could hear her moaning and slurping as she sucked, her head bobbing up and down on my cock. Sometimes just taking in the head, other times sliding right down taking all of me in. Her tongue was tantalising with its movements and then she slowly rose completely off me with one long slurp. The fresh air immediately cooling the moisture she'd left on my cock. Again I resisted the need to cum. She looked up at me again and smiled and took in some short, fast breaths before returning to her job.

She reached inside and lifted my balls clear and licked them before gently sucking each ball, slurping as each was released back to the cold air. My feelings were now very intense and my cock was twitching with her touches. She moaned again as I watched her, hands on my thighs licking my cock like some animal. She seemed to be really enjoying herself. It was almost too much, watching her licking me, thinking of her as some sex animal doing my biding. I put my hands behind her head and directed her mouth back to my cock. I needed to be inside her right now, I was so close. She must have tasted it, because as soon as her mouth was over my head, she began to suck frantically. Her hand returning to my shaft to intensify the feeling. My hands, tight on the back of her head gradually forcing her further down onto me as my orgasm grew closer.

I could see the whites of her eyes almost flickering as she switched gaze between me and my engorging cock. I could feel her squirming and moaning as she sucked and my hands held her tight onto me and forced her all the way down my shaft. My cock was twitching now, the head swelling ready to send its white torrent into her expectant mouth. Her hand, no longer tugging at my shaft, moved to grasp my tight balls. That sensation was just too much and I could hold on no-longer. I tensed and exploded, deep in her mouth or throat, shooting my load in waves as her mouth slowed to match the pulsing of my cock. I gripped her head and pulled it so tight to my groin, fighting her movements away. I raised myself slightly off the bench and began to thrust at her mouth as my hands pulled her head tighter. I could feel her mouth convulsing as she tried to swallow with my cock deep inside her. Her hands moved to my thigh and she began to push against me, but I held her head tighter, my movements intensifying in speed but still short, hard thrusts forcing my cock those lasts few millimetres into her throat in time with my convulsing cock. When I was finished I released my hold on her head and she pulled away immediately, falling backwards coughing and gasping for air. The coldness of the air cooling the moisture once more on my cock, exciting me again as I was brought back to where we were.

I looked at Jayne, lying on her side on the ground, coughing. Arms wrapped around her legs, pulled tight to her chest as she tried to recover. All I could do was gaze at her ass and legs, both on full display given her dress had fallen in such a perfect way for me. Her black g-string separating her ass cheeks but barely covering anything else until the small triangle of material held in capture the sweet bulge of her pussy lips before disappearing between her closed legs. Through the material I could see skin and felt a rush of adrenaline as I thought could she have a shaved pussy? How much more perfect could this woman be for me? And I knew then, that I would have her, if not now, sometime soon.