 You stand with your back to the bed, your eyes closed as we kiss, my arms wrapped around your body, your golden brown hair cascading down your back. You lean backwards; your legs back against the side of the bed as my hands begin to roam across your body, brushing over your clothes. We fall slowly onto the bed, still kissing, our tongues dancing within our mouths. Your ice-blue eyes open as my hands begin to slide up inside your shirt, brushing over your bra, caressing your boobs. You feel your nipples harden as I begin to slide my hands under your bra, slowly stroking the warm flesh. 

I kiss you on the mouth and you feel my tongue slide between your lips and you moan slightly as you think about another pair of lips that you would love my tongue to be exploring instead. My hands are already teasing you, stroking up and down your thigh and around the waistband of your shorts, stroking and touching you but never allowing you to guide my hand down past your waistband. You can feel yourself getting wetter and when I move round and begin to kiss and nibble lightly at the tip of your ear you twist your head away slightly before giving in, starting to moan as the tip of my tongue moves lightly around the inside of your ear. You grab my head and try and force me down, towards your boobs but I carry on and you begin to squirm and moan, small tremors occasionally running through your body at the sensations. Just when you feel like you can't bear for me to carry on, I begin to kiss and lick at your neck as I slowly move down your body. I kiss carefully around the neckline of your shirt and then begin to move my head back towards your ear. When you grab my head and push it back, I pretend to fight back but only for a moment, I want to do this as much as you do. I pull your shirt upwards, exposing your bra that you hurriedly undo, before lying back down and pulling me towards you. I start at the top of your stomach, licking and kissing up towards your boobs. You moan in anticipation, grabbing my hand and trying to force it past the waistband of your panties, but instead I start to stroke you through the drenched material making your stomach tense at the pleasure of it, you're so horny from all the teasing just the lightest of touches sends waves of pleasure through you. 

Now, I kiss around your boobs, lightly working my way around them, making you shiver in anticipation as I begin to kiss and lick in ever tightening circles around your nipples. As my lips carefully brush over the rock hard tip, you moan and your whole body tenses before suddenly relaxing as I take it into my mouth. I begin to kiss and suck at the hard bud in my mouth, tugging lightly at it before beginning to bite lightly, allowing my teeth to drag across it as I move my head away before taking the other into my mouth and begin to nibble and tease it lightly making you moan and suck in your breath at the waves of pleasure radiating through you.

You sigh and a look of intense pleasure crosses your face as my fingers begin to brush under the sides of your panties, moving lightly across your soaked lips before I once again withdraw my hand. You pout but then as my hands begin to pull the drenched material down your legs it is replaced with a look of satisfaction and longing as you realise what I'm doing. My fingers begin to stroke the outside of your lips to the top of your hot wet slit, finding the hard nub of your clit. My fingers begin to lightly circle, brushing over the tip making you shiver in ecstasy as you realise that the teasing is finally over. You moan as I run my fingers down your slit before I slide first one and then a second deep inside your throbbing hot wet pussy, your muscles clamping down on my fingers as I push them deep inside you, only stopping when they can go no further. You moan with pleasure as I begin to pump my fingers in and out of your dripping wet pussy, starting slowly but gradually getting faster and faster. We hear the sucking noises as my fingers slide in and out of you, fucking you as I continue to bite and pull at your nipples making you groan in ecstasy.

As you start to get closer, I begin to kiss down your stomach, all the while fucking your wet hole with my fingers. I kiss down your hip and around into your inner thigh making you shiver in anticipation. As I begin to kiss up your thigh, you squirm and moan, your hard clit standing out from your pussy. You feel my warm breath on your lips as I lick around the outside of your hole, you barely even notice that my hand has moved up and begun to tweak at your nipples. By now you don't care about my hand, you care about my lips as they begin to close over your clit, my breath making you moan before a violent shiver runs down your body as my warm tongue lightly brushes over your lips.

I run my tongue down your slit, tasting your sweet juices that are running down and soaking into your bed. I lap at them greedily making you moan in delight as my tongue brushes around your hole before I push it deep inside you, before beginning to fuck your cunt with my tongue. I bury my face deep into you, trying to get my tongue as far inside as I can so I can drink your juices. You moan as I lick your pussy. As I move my face away from your dripping hole and back to your clit, you groan and buck your hips into my face smearing your juices all over me. I flick my tongue over the hard bead of flesh and begin to suck at it, my tongue twirling around and over it the whole time making you groan as you feel your urge to come growing every second. The feeling of deep pleasure begins to grow deep inside you and you arch your back, grabbing my head and forcing it into your pussy, my tongue flicking over your clit as you mash it into my face. You moan and then feel my fingers at the entrance to your hot wet hole before I push them deep into you, sending you over the edge. You moan and your whole body begins to shake, your juices running freely down into the bed as I continue to finger fuck you. When you have stopped shaking I lick down your slit to capture as much of your sweet juice as I can, making you moan and shiver at the overwhelming feelings emanating from your pussy.

I move up your body and we kiss, you can taste your juices in my mouth as our tongues twist together. Then you begin to lick your juices from my chin, tasting more of your sweetness. You grab my arm, the fingers still dripping wet from being inside you and try to lick them clean but I beat you there. You pull my fingers from my mouth and suck them clean, a look of pleasure crossing your face as you taste even more of your cum coating them. 

Now, a grin begins to grow on your face, you want revenge for the teasing. You let go of my hand and begin to kiss along my jaw line towards my ear. You begin to lick at my ear, flicking your tongue around the rim, biting and tugging at the lobe with your teeth, making me tense up at the feelings of pleasure surging through my body. You begin to kiss down my body, along my neck and chest to my nipples, lightly biting and kissing around them before continuing down my stomach towards your real goal. You reach the top of my hips before continuing on around the outside of my leg making me shiver in frustration. As you carry on down my leg I reach out and place my hand on the back of your head, gently guiding you towards my hard cock. You pretend to resist a little but in reality you want this as much as I do. You allow your head to be moved till the tip of my thick cock is just in front of your mouth, your tongue curling outwards until it reaches the shaft, and begins to travel upward making me shiver in pleasure.

You move your head forward and kiss the tip before beginning to lick up and down the hard warm shaft. You softly kiss and lick at me, my face blank except for pleasure as you move upwards and take the head of my cock into your mouth, swirling your tongue around before beginning to take me deeper into your mouth. I guide you up and down my shaft with my hand, before suddenly you carry on downwards, taking me deeper and deeper into your warm mouth until my cock is brushing against the back of your throat. The incredible feelings make me shake with pleasure and as you begin to move your head up and down the shaft, my breathing becomes ragged, the feeling of so much warmth and wetness threatening to send me over the edge. You pull your head back up my shaft, and I begin to fuck your mouth, starting off slowly but gradually getting faster and faster, your tongue working over the head and shaft furiously as you try and get me to cum. 

I can feel my body beginning to tense up, feel the cum rising, then you take me into your throat. It's too much and sends me over the edge, cum exploding from my hard cock, filling your mouth and throat with hot sticky juices which you swallow eagerly, carrying on sucking as my body shivers, pumping cum into your mouth. When I finally finish cumming, you move up my body and kiss me, and you push some of my cum into my mouth. I can taste myself on your lips as our tongues entwine, my hands roaming your body, stroking the soft skin and massaging your boobs, tweaking at the hard nipples making you moan into my mouth. We're both far too horny to stop now; your pussy is dripping onto the bed, my cock still rock hard despite having just cum. 

You roll onto your back, reaching down with your hand to grab my cock and guide it to the entrance of you're dripping wet hole, your juices running down your arse into the bed covers beneath you. I push forwards and slide deep into your hot wet pussy and you moan as I fill your cunt with my hard cock. I slowly pull out of your dripping hole, sensations of sheer pleasure running through my body, before thrusting back deep inside you. You shiver in pleasure and your hand snakes down to your clit, slowly rubbing at the hard flesh. I begin to fuck you, my cock pumping in and out of you, gradually getting faster and faster. You feel my hard cock filling your pussy and moan as you rub your clit, the sensations sending shivers running through your body, your pussy gripping my cock as I slide in and out of your hot cunt. You rub your clit faster and faster as I fuck you, moaning in pleasure as you feel your body tense up, feel the warmth in the pit of your stomach spreading as your body prepares to cum. Your pussy tightens and grips my cock even tighter as I fuck you hard, thrusting deep into you. This is too much for you and with a moan you begin to cum, your body shaking at the force of it as it rips through you, your pussy grips at me tighter and tighter as I fuck you. My balls start to tighten and as I slide deep into you once again a torrent of cum flies out of my cock and into your warm pussy, filling your tight hole to the brim. My body tenses as I fill your pussy, shaking at the pleasure as I cum into your hot wet and well-fucked cunt.