 Here I am, in the middle of nowhere with my gps not working and the snow is getting deeper. Now what?

Let me bring you up to date...

My name is Tony and I was driving up from Florida to NY to see my girlfriend. I never drive north in the winter but the long range forecast did not call for snow, so I decided to chance it.

I started out from Florida where it was cool by Florida standards, around 50 degrees.

Everything was fine until I got to Virginia. That's where and when it started to snow.

Luckily, I got through the mountains ok but as I headed north, the snow intensified.

Visibility started to suck and my gps died on me. Somehow, I managed to find a small strip mall with a diner in it that was still open.

By now the snow was getting deeper, somewhere around 5 inches and still snowing.

I got out of my car and went into the diner. I sat at the counter and realized I was the only customer. A lovely young waitress came out from the back and greeted me.

She looked like she was in her mid to upper 30's, with black hair, brown eyes, around 5'6", ample breasts and a nice ass.

She introduced herself as Veronica and asked me what the hell I was doing out in a night like this.

I told her where I was going and why. She looked at me and said, "Honey, you must be really desperate for pussy to drive up north in the winter."

I was shocked by her comment and just laughed. Then I responded, "Well, to tell you the truth Veronica, it has been awhile and she is the only pussy worth it."

Veronica took my order and we chatted. I asked her if there was a motel around as I wasn't going to drive anymore tonight.

She said there are no nearby motels.

I just shook my head and tried to figure out my next move.

After I ate, I told Veronica if it would be ok if I remained outside the diner and slept in my car.

She looked at me and said, "Are you fucking crazy? You will freeze to death."

I told her that was my only option.

Then she said, "Look, I can't let you do that. My house isn't far from here. We can walk and you can stay at my place overnight, if you promise to behave."

I looked at her and told her I didn't want to put her out, but she insisted.

I called my girlfriend and told her my plight and told her I would call again in the morning once I knew more.

It was around 9:00 p.m. and Veronicas decided to close the diner early.

I grabbed a small bag from my car and left my car at the diner.

We walked a couple of blocks to her house. The snow was at least six inches by now.

We got to the house and went in. It felt really nice to get in a warm place.

Veronica showed me where I could put my stuff. It was a small second bedroom but it beat sleeping in my car.

As I settled in, Veronica changed into jeans and a t-shirt. I was still in my jeans and shirt.

She made us some tea and we relaxed by her lit fireplace. It felt really good.

Before we knew it, the clock chimed 11:00 p.m. and we decided to call it a night.

I asked her if it would be ok if I took a shower and she said it would be fine. She said that I would have to use the shower in her master bedroom as the other bathroom wasn't working.

I told her nevermind, as I didn't want to impose. However, she insisted.

She showed me where the shower was and brought extra towels. She then said she was going to bed and would see me in the morning.

Now, I had a problem. I don't wear anything to bed so I would have to shower and go back to my room wrapped in a towel and hope that she doesn't see me.

When I got to the shower, Veronica was already in bed but managed to say, "Enjoy the shower and don't let the towel fall." Then I heard her laughing.

I must have spent 20 minutes in the shower, as it felt really good. I finally finished and dried myself off and wrapped myself in a towel and headed to my room.

I jumped into bed naked and covered myself with the blankets and drifted off to sleep.

Around 2:00 a.m., I awoke and had a pee hard on. I put a towel around my waist and headed to the bathroom. I tried to be extremely quiet so I wouldn't wake up Veronica.

As I crept towards the bathroom, suddenly Veronica popped out naked and startled me, causing me to drop the towel, leaving me and my hard cock exposed.

I just stood there frozen for a second with Veronica looking at my nakedness and me looking at hers. Then, I bent down to pick up the towel. I apologized and must have turned beet red from embarrassment.

Veronica started laughing, covered herself slightly and was gracious about the incident.

Then she said, "Tony, if I had that, I wouldn't be covering it up. I would want everyone to see it. I bet your girlfriend enjoys it a lot."

Now, I was trying to read her comments. Was she saying what I thought she was saying or was it my imagination?

I looked at her and decided to see how far I could go and said, "Well Veronica, my girlfriend never complained and she does enjoy it. And, we are both nudists, so I don't hide it."

Veronica looked at me with a sly grin and exclaimed, "I'm a nudist too. What a coincidence. I hate wearing clothes. After I got in bed, I removed my clothes."

We both laughed. Then Veronica asked if I would like some tea even though it was late. I told her I would like that.

We both walked into her kitchen with towels covering ourselves.

As we had our tea, Veronica said, "Tony, if you want to be naked, you can. It wouldn't bother me. In fact, I wouldn't mind at all."

I looked at her and said, "Ok, I will if you will."

Then, we both dropped our towels and we both smiled and admired each other.

Now, my cock was hard but not from the need to pee. I wanted to fuck this beauty.

Veronica noticed my erection and asked if my girlfriend was able to take it all in. I told her she could and that she could take it all in anally.

Veronica's eyes grew bigger and I saw lust in her eyes. 

We finished our tea and I was set to go back to my bed. Then, Veronica asked if I would like to join her in her bed.

I thought about it and figured nobody would know and I had to do something about my hardon, so I said I would.

As soon as we got in bed, our hands were all over each other. She was like a bitch in heat.

As we kissed, her mouth opened wide, trying to devour me. Her hand went quickly down to my cock which she grasped and started an even jerking motion.

Then, she moved her mouth down and started sucking it. She tried to take it all in her mouth but she couldn't.

Then she started begging, "Fuck me, fuck me with that big cock of yours. I want it in me. Fill my cunt with your cum."

I mounted her and slipped my cock into her wet, inviting cunt. I started a nice slow rhythm but she wanted it faster and harder...so I obliged.

Soon, I was ramming my cock into her. Her body trying to get in synch with my thrusts. Finally, I told her I was cumming. I shot stream after stream of my cum into her cunt as her body arched up and shook from her orgasms.

She left fingernail marks in my back from her intense orgasms 

We rested awhile and before I knew it, she wanted more.

I obliged and then she wanted me to guck her ass with my big cock.

She got on all fours and I lubed her ass with the cum and juices from her cunt. Then, I started to slowly insert my cock in her ass.

I could see she was sweating but told me to get my cock in her. I pushed my cock in very slowly and soon most of it was inside her ass.

We didn't move for awhile before I started to slowly fuck her ass.

My thrusts got faster and she moved her ass back to meet my thrusts. I told her I was going to cum.

She started screaming, "Oh God, fuck my ass harder baby. Shoot your cum in my ass...hurry baby. Cum in my ass."

With her encouragement, I shot my load in her ass. I could feel my cock having spurt after spurt of my cum entering her ass.

I fell to the side exhausted as I watched my cum oozing out her ass.

In a couple of minutes, she was fast asleep. I just cuddled with her and fell asleep with my arms on her tits and my cock touching her.

It was around 10:00 a.m. when Veronica woke me up with a kiss, and a blow job. It was the best wake up I ever had.

We finally got out of bed and checked the snow. 

It had stopped snowing and the plows were out.

I told Veronica I had to get going. 

Before I left, we fucked one more time. She gave me her email address and telephone number.

I told her I would be coming back her way in about a week and told her to rest up.

We laughed and I gave her a big kiss as I left to continue my trip north.