 Copyright (c) 2018 James Miehoff, All Rights Reserved. 

This work may not be published whether for fee or free without this copyright.

---------

This is one of a series of stories set in what I call Universe-J. Universe-J is very much like this universe with a few exceptions. 

First the people tend to be a little more sexual and less hung up on sex that they are in our universe. This does not mean that monogamy is the exception. James and Heather were monogamous for a significant amount of time before they "accidentally" swapped partners.

Second the repercussions of unprotected sex are less severe than our universe. Not to say that STDs and unexpected pregnancies don't occur, just that they occur less frequently and in the case of STDs, a good shot of antibiotic will put you right again. HIV has yet to be introduced so STDs aren't a death sentence there.

Lastly, pedophilia and incest (which I will not be writing about) are virtually unknown. Children are to be protected and loved not abused. When they reach the age of consent, they can join in the adult games if they so desire, but there is no pressure on them to do so.

---------

I pushed backed from the keyboard, stretched and rubbed my eyes. A quick glance at the clock showed me that 14 hours had elapsed since I logged into work and tried to fix that 'simple if statement' problem for my boss. Simple my ass. 

Now it was time to meet my needs.

I shut down the VPN connection and fired up my favorite porn video site. Hmmm. Blonde gets anal. Big titted blonde gets nailed. Sukee Fukee Beach. Now one that has possibilities. I always love a great beach cumshot.

** click click **

As I waited for it to download and begin, I reached into the bottom drawer and pulled out some hand lotion and some tissues.

A beautiful beach appeared and swept from right to left. From the appearance, it was being shot through a telephoto lens. You could get the hint of jiggling that is the result of panning on a tripod with the lens fully out.

The panning stopped and a trio, no a foursome came into view. Because of the telephoto view, they wobbled and bobbled and details were hard to make out. It looked like the girls were carry sacks or beach bags and the guys were carrying a big cooler with a box on it. I glanced at the listing again, it was rated 5 stiff dicks, so it had to get better. I skipped ahead.

The scene shifted to rapidly moving sand and scrub plant and I could hear the photographer breathing heavily and muttering to himself to take it slow not to be seen. Then a much closer view of the beach and the five(?) people there. The three women (two blondes and a brunette) had their tops down and were applying sunscreen to their titties. All of them had big brimmed hats and you couldn't see their faces, but they had nice racks.

The guys had set up a small portable grill and were pulling beers out of the cooler. 

The scene shifted again and this time the guys were over by the girls getting their dicks sucked. 

"Now we are talking," I thought to myself. As the scene zoomed in on the nearest cock sucking, a random thought came from one of the voices in my head, "This looks familiar." Banishing the thought, I undid my belt and pulled down the zipper.

When I looked back at the screen, the first guy was lying down on a blanket and the brunette who had been sucking him stood over facing away from him. 

"Man, she has a beautiful body," was all I could think as I watched her spread suntan lotion on her ass and slowly kneel down and impale herself on his cock. There wasn't much sound, mostly the wind whistling over the microphone but you could plainly hear her cries of ecstasy and the almost ghostly sound of her voice crying out, "Oh it feels so good when I get your dick inside me."

The camera panned over to the other three in time to see the first blonde stop sucking his cock and lay back on the blanket spreading her legs in an open invitation. The second blonde stopped kissing him as he retrieved his hand from between her legs and knelt down in preparation to impale the first woman on his spear of destiny. 

The second blonde lay down on the blanket and began to suck the nipples of the first woman. It didn't take long and the first blonde was thrashing about in the throes of a monumental orgasm. As that completed, the brunette yelled something at the three of them. 

The guy immediately got up and brought his cock to the brunette who immediately began sucking on it furiously.

The two blondes (now in the background) rolled on top of each other in a traditional 69 position.

The brunette stopped sucking on the second guy and lifted off the first. She flipped over and reached her hand back and held his cock as it looked like she slid it up her ass. She must have been a pro because there was none of the usual hesitation as his cock slid directly in and buried itself balls deep. As she was now in a perfect anal reverse cowgirl position, the second guy then knelt down and slid his cock into her. 

Presumably he ended up in her pussy.

As this was going on, the photographer moved and then got a better view of the 69ing blondes.

The one on top was facing the camera and when she lifted up for air, she turned to face the camera and my jaw popped open and my hand stopped in mid-stroke. It was Sissy. Oh Fuck!!

It all came rushing back to me. That was why that beach looked so familiar. It was almost 4 years ago, Bob and Carole, some friends from a previous neighborhood and our new friend Sissy took a short trip to southern Florida. We were there for a festival in Key West and the next day Carole suggested a picnic. 

"I have heard of this little secluded beach on a key not far from here," she started. By the time she was done, we scrambled to get some picnic supplies ready and piled into the rent a wreck and headed off for adventure. Bob was driving so I had the backseat and Sissy and Carole to myself. There was nobody on the road and I alternated between playing with and sucking on those fine lady mountains and having my cock sucked by two of the finest cock suckers in creation.

I finally couldn't take it and pulled Sissy's bikini bottom off and pulled her on top of me and slid my cock into paradise.

Carole was pouting and I had to promise her the first fuck on the beach any way she wanted. That brightened her face and she pulled Sissy to her and began to suck her nipples.

Bob was getting a hand job with plenty of tongue in the front seat so we were really hot and wired for sex by the time we got to the beach.

As we unpacked the car, Sissy announced that she had to pee and would catch up to us. So that explained why there were only 4 of us at first.

I gained focus and glanced at the screen again and one of the blondes was getting spit roasted on all fours. As I remembered it, the blonde would be Heather getting fucked doggy style by Bob while she sucked my cock. Sissy and Carole were down in the water washing the cum off. 

Oh Fuck!!

It's not like we haven't made videos of our fucking adventures, but to see yourself fucking in a video that was out on the Internet where anyone could see.

Oh Fuck!!

My head was spinning. I didn't know what to do. 

Part of me was yelling, "WhooHoo! We got 5 hard dicks! We are porn stars, baby, whooHoo!"

Part of me was crying, "Oh my gawd, what if somebody we know see that?"

It was past 3am when everybody in my head calmed down and I could think again. I knew what to do.

* click *

A basic contact us form popped up.

Fill in the form. * click * to send it. 

Irrationally, I was angry when there was no immediate email reply. So I got up and went to bed.

I woke up flat on my back with my cock being stroked by my beautiful wife. 

"Good," she said with a sexy little smile. "I didn't want you to miss this" as she slid her leg over mine and carefully guided my cock inside her moist love box.

Mechanically I fucked her while trying to say something about the discovery I made last night. But the words wouldn't begin. Instead, I brought her to her third orgasm and then flooded the inside of her vagina with my spunk.

She kissed me and I heard, "I have to go. Nail and hair appointments. Mmmmmm. Love you."

She kissed me and I crawled back into my tiny black hole of depression.

Sometime later I dragged myself out of bed. Mechanically showered and shaved. Brushed my teeth and got dressed. First things first. Check email.

And there it was. A reply from the porn site. 

"Dear James,

"Thanks for your query. Unfortunately, it was uploaded via an anonymizer site. I am pretty sure it is located in Amsterdam so virtually no chance you can force them to give up a name or IP address. 

"On a different note, I am a big fan of that video. Were you the guy that got to fuck that bitch's ass? I hope so, that was an awesome DP to watch. Those blondes were fucking hot too. Could you hook a brother up?"

Fuck!!

No help there.

I have no idea how it appeared in my hand or who dialed it, but I came to with Bob's voice coming out, "Hey James. Long time no speak. What's shaking?"

I started to speak and then the words came out in a torrent. Bob just let them come out. 

When I finally ran down, he spoke, "James, I know you think the world is over. But it's not. A few years ago our house got burglarized and a couple of our 'private' video tapes got stolen. We sat horrified, probably like you did for months. Then one day, one of my coworkers told me about a video he had seen online and said the guy looked just like me.

"I called bullshit on him, while my heart was ready to explode. I bluffed. He pulled out his laptop and showed me the video. I watched it and said that it did look a little like me, but the hair was wrong and that my wife is a brunette and the chick in the video was definitely a blonde (Carole was wearing a blonde wig). And just generally shot the video full of holes. 

"After I got done, he said, 'I would have sworn that was you in the video, but you're right. That guy looks a lot like you but I can tell now. That wasn't you. For one thing he was having way too much fun.' 

"And then we both laughed.

"I haven't heard anything about that in years. A month later the video was buried deep in the stack of videos, never to be seen or heard from again. 

"My suggestion would be to let Heather and Sissy know about it, I'll let Carole know. Just in case, but let's face it, girls rarely watch porn so it is unlikely that anybody will tell them, even if it gets found. In a month it will be buried and gone."

We talked for a while longer and then hung up.

I told Heather and she demanded to see it. We watched it and she said, "Damn, that was hot. I remember that day and it was very cool watching it like that. Fuck me!"

I lifted her up off my desk chair and kissed her thoroughly, then bent down to pull her panties off. I laid her down on the carpet and buried my face in her pussy. It was so wet and tasty it started to get my cock hard. 

I reached one hand down to bury two fingers into her love box while using the other hand to pull my pants down.

Once my cock was free I moved up and just buried it into her quivering cunt. 

"That's what I need," she said through clenched teeth. "Fuck me. I want you to take me. Hard. Now. I need it."

So I did. I owe her a new dress. It probably can't be fixed after I tore it off her to get at her breasts.

We never mentioned it again after letting Sissy know. She was horrified at first and then she accepted Bob's advice and didn't worry about it.

I know Heather has watched it a few times because every once in a while, the link comes up in my browser history. 

I caught her shampooing my chair once. I fucked her then, too, this time doggy style. To thank her for shampooing my chair, of course.

Fukee Sukee Beach. Nice title and it still has a 5 hard dick rating and over 400,000 views. Maybe we should start a website and be home brew porn stars. 

Hmmmmm. I like the sound of that. 

Naaahhh!