 Bob stepped out of the warm bathroom, the light from the open door falling across the bed in the dark room where his wife of three years was fast asleep. He had just finished showering after a long 16-hour day at the restaurant. He was tired, but couldn't help but take a few minutes to appreciate the beauty of the woman lying in their bed. Although they had been married but three years, they had been best friends for twenty years. He'd never have imagined the innocent girl he'd met in high school would one day become the love of his life, his partner, the mother of his children.

Virginia was lovely, with shoulder-length blonde hair, full but soft breasts, thick hips and a round ass. Her usually tapered waist that formed a sexy hourglass figure was currently thickening with the swell of her pregnant womb. When awake, her luminous green eyes could quickly ignite a fire in his soul - and his loins - and in fact, often did both. She was sleeping peacefully, turned almost completely on her slightly rounded belly, except her arms clasped her pillow under her head and against her chest, and her left leg was bent 90 degrees, which prevented her from laying fully face-down. Her short lace and cotton nightgown was pushed up around her waist, exposing her glorious pussy and her round ass in the faint light from the bathroom. She kept the lips of her pussy shaved smooth, but he knew the swell above her sex was still covered with a small, neatly trimmed section of pubic hair.

Bob moved around the bed, watching as her torso slowly expanded and receded with her gentle, even breaths. She was in a deep sleep, not a state she achieved very often since the birth of their daughter two years prior. She had been a deep sleeper before, but motherhood had changed her into a light sleeper, always ready to wake and tend to the needs of their family.

Bob licked a couple of fingers and lightly ran them across the lips of her warm pussy. Virginia didn't stir, so he slowly, gently pushed his fingers into the slit between her lips. He was slightly surprised when his fingers were greeted with a warm moisture filling her pussy. "She must be having very pleasant dreams," he inwardly mused with a small smile.

Bob felt his shaft stirring and expanding as he gazed at his half-exposed wife and as he felt the wet warmth from her pussy. Although he was exhausted, he knew this was the perfect opportunity to fulfill one of Virginia's fantasies. She had often told him over the past few months that she dreamed of waking up to the feeling of his cock sliding in and out of her pussy, of being literally fucked awake. He had been hesitant; he was concerned the reality of being penetrated without consent may be less appealing than the fantasy she imagined. But he had not had to reconcile her fantasy and his hesitancy before this. Their differing schedules and her light sleeping habits had made it impossible thus far to fulfill this fantasy for her.

Bob weighed his options and quickly made up his mind; he then moved decisively to take action. He removed his fingers from the warmth of Virginia's pussy and quickly pulled off the workout shorts he often slept in. With his cock now exposed, he began sliding his hand up and down along the shaft. His erection quickly grew and hardened. Slowly, as to not disturb Virginia, he climbed on to the bed and positioned himself on his knees next to her extended right leg. He slid his fingers along her slit again, slightly scooping a bit of her juices on to his fingers. Her juices mingled with the precum on the tip of his cock and quickly lubricated the length of his erection. Satisfied he would be able to slide into her smoothly, he moved his left leg to straddle her right leg. He used one hand to gently spread the lips of her womanhood and the other to position the mushroom tip of his cock against the wet, warm opening of her pussy.

In position, Bob slowly leaned his hips forward. He was amazed at how easily he slid into Virginia's pussy; she was wet but she was also quite tight as her muscles hadn't experienced any foreplay to begin stretching and relaxing. Bob braced his arms on either side of her torso and began slowly sliding in and out, feeling his erection expand even more against the tightness of her pussy. He began moving quicker, his thrusts becoming more forceful, as the eroticism of his illicit actions began to overwhelm his caution. He began to feel her hips lift, her body stirring as it recognized the familiar motions of his penetration.

**********

Virginia fell into bed, exhausted. Her husband didn't often work nights, but the times he did made her appreciate his coparenting all the more. Although dealing with a toddler and pregnancy were tiring, she normally still had enough energy at the end of the day to take advantage of her hormone-fueled sex drive. But tonight, without her husband's support at home, her energy reserves were wiped out. She'd barely been able to complete her bedtime routine and pull on her nightgown before collapsing in bed. Virginia pulled her pillow to her, a poor substitute for the warmth of her husband's broad shoulders and chest, and was quickly asleep.

Virginia began to feel a familiar yet unexpected pressure between her legs. She quickly became half aware, still lost in the haze of interrupted sleep, but responding to the heat and thrusting that had disturbed her slumber. She sensed more than felt the urgent lust within her, and her hips began to rise rhythmically of their own accord. Her pussy tightened involuntarily, and a low moan escaped from her half-parted lips. She lightly flicked her tongue across her lips as she rolled slightly, turning her body to face down more, trying to open her legs wider around the pounding heat in her pussy. As if sensing her unspoken request, her need to be taken deeper, she felt the weight shift between her legs. Her right leg was pushed out and her hips pulled upwards as she was brought on to her knees. Her pussy was now lifted high and exposed to be able to accept the cock violating her even more deeply.

Virginia moaned again and reached her hand down to her clit. She began squeezing and roughly flicking the swelling bud as her juices flowed down from her sopping pussy. She became more aware of the sounds made by the man violating her, and recognized the intimately familiar grunts and moans of her husband's voice, made deeper with the lust and passion of their fucking. She moaned with pleasure, the stimulation on her clit and the deep, forceful penetration of her tight pussy bringing her to the edge of climax. "Use me, take me," she pleaded, her voice still thick with the last vestiges of sleep. She wanted to surrender all control, to be nothing more than a fuck toy for her husband's pleasure.

The speed and force of the thrusting between her legs quickened, and she cried out in ecstasy. She felt her pussy tightening as her climax washed over her, her juices freely flowing from her pussy and across her clit. Her husband continued to grab her hips forcefully, fucking his cock in and out of her throbbing, pulsing pussy. 

As the waves of her orgasm subsided, Bob slid his cock out and slid his fingers into her dripping hole. She started to moan, missing the fullness of his thick shaft inside her, but she was quickly mollified by his next action. He expertly began scooping her juices from her pussy to rub them and push them into the tight rosebud of her ass. She moaned with pleasure as his fingers slid, one then two at a time, stretching and teasing her ass. He brought his cock back to her pussy, sliding it in to continue fucking the wet juices within.

Bob leaned down over her, his mouth inches from her ear. "My little cum slut wants to be used? You think you have a choice? Oh, I'll use you. I'll use you however I see fit." With that, Bob pulled his rock hard cock from her pussy and slowly began pushing it into her ass. She expanded slowly around him, stretching to accommodate his girth, rocking her hips to push her ass back further, opening to take his length. He began to slide out, to then thrust back in. Her moans were growing in intensity as her body relaxed to accept yet another violation.

Virginia reached out her hand, fumbling with the nightstand drawer. She managed to pull it open and find the angled vibrator. As Bob continued his smooth assault on her ass, she switched the vibrator on and held it against her clit. She always loved the feeling of his perfectly sized cock fucking her ass as her clit was stimulated; the combination practically guaranteed she would climax.

Their fucking continued, her ass now fully stretched around his cock, the juices from her pussy providing perfect lubrication for the assault to her tight little hole. He began thrusting more deeply, pulling out almost completely to then quickly and forcefully sheath his entire length in her again. Her ass squeezed around his cock, stimulated by the fullness, craving more of the hard fucking. He pulled out completely, to then play with her asshole, sliding the thick round tip in and out of her tight little asshole. She could feel the slight pop as he entered her and pulled out repeatedly. He slipped the tip into her again and then, without warning, fully slid his entire length inside of her instead of pulling out again. She let out a low scream of pleasure, and her climax washed over her without prelude. Her ass and pussy both spasmed and tightened with the waves of pleasure racking her body. "Fuck me!" she cried out. "Fuck your little cum slut!" Her orgasm overwhelmed him, and Bob felt his orgasm building. His balls tightened as his load of hot cum exploded in her ass. Strand after strand pulsed from his cock to fill her hole, as her climax continued to milk his cock for every drop.

Bob collapsed forward, catching his weight on his arms. Virginia whimpered slightly as she felt his cock slowly slide from her ass. Bob rolled over to his side of the bed, and they lay there together, breathing hard, slowly recuperating from the exertion of their efforts. When she could finally speak again, Virginia looked at her husband and said, "God, how I love you." Bob gently kissed her shoulder. "Would you like to go clean up first?"

"No," she replied. "I want to fall back asleep with your cum still in my ass."

Bob smiled fondly. "That's my good little cum slut." With another kiss on her shoulder, he rolled off the bed and walked into the bathroom. He quickly returned with a towel and warm, damp washcloth for her, before returning to the bathroom to clean up himself. When he returned to the bedroom, she was laying on her side, the towel beneath her hips. He laid down behind her, spooning her body against his. 

He held her close, his right arm under her neck, gently teasing and pinching her nipples through and under the deep v-neck of her nightgown. His left hand caressed her hips and ass, and his fingers gently probed her recently fucked pussy and asshole. Kissing her neck and shoulders as she moaned and pressed into him, he asked, "so is that how you've been wanting to wake up?"

"Oh god, yes," she moaned. "That was perfect." She turned her head to kiss him fully on the lips. He smiled and replied, "Good. Maybe next time I'll let someone else fuck you awake while I watch."

She looked at him, incredulously, and then, with a big smile of delight, she kissed him again and pressed her ass harder against his probing fingers. "Sounds like fun," she whispered against his lips.

Content with the love between them and secure in the trust they shared, they soon drifted off to sleep, still entwined in each other's arms.