 I've come to visit you, and we've travelled out in the countryside and found us a nice place close to the mountains and forest. The weather is perfect, so we decide to go for a walk in the sunshine. As we walk we talk about various things.

You're wearing a loose top and a skirt, while I'm in shorts and a t-shirt. We've both taken off our sandals as the path we are walking on is very grassy. We're wandering further and further into the forest and as we're walking, we see a small path leading off the main one. We decide to follow it and after a little walking we come to a clearing. You walk into the center and turn your face up towards the sun, soaking up some warmth on your face. 

As you're standing there, with your eyes closed, you feel my hands slip around your flat stomach as I press my body up against yours, my lips leaving little kisses along your neck. You sigh and lean your head backwards as I continue my path of kisses, leading up and over your chin and finding your lips. Your hands come up and grab my head as you turn around to face me, our lips never parting along the way. I run my hands down your back and over your ass as our kisses become more intense. You grab the back of my neck and start kissing me passionately as I run my hands down your thighs. I reach the end of your skirt and enjoy the sensation of your smooth skin before my hands start moving up again. They glide over your ass cheeks, and I grab them with both hands, squeezing firmly as I pull you against me.

You pull my shirt over my head and push me down on the ground (which is conveniently covered by a soft layer of moss!) and straddle me, letting out a small sigh as the bulge of my stiff cock rubs against your already wet pussy . You look down at me with a big smile on your face. I smile back, running my hands up your back and circling around to cup your boobs as you pull your shirt off. You lean down to kiss me and start kissing your way down my neck, down my chest, giving my nipples a little flick with your tongue as you move further and further down. You give my belly some playful bites as you unzip me and pull both my shorts and boxers down with swift movement.

You grab my rock-hard cock in a firm grip, and slowly start jacking me off as you keep licking and biting my belly, but with each lick and bite you move a little further down until you reach the base of my cock. As you keep jacking off the head you start licking your way up my cock, nice and slow, smiling at the little gasps of pleasure coming from me. You switch around, grabbing the base of my cock with one hand and licking the very tip with your tongue. You start making bigger and bigger circles around the head until you lower your head and suck me in as far as you can. I gasp at the intense feeling and reach out to stroke your thigh. You move around a bit so I can reach up and pull off your panties. You start sucking me harder, building up a rhythm and as my excitement builds, I reach up and place my hand over your glistening pussy which by now is radiating with heat. 

I move my fingers around, giving your clit a little rub here and there, sliding up and down your lips and parting them just a bit, you close your eyes in pleasure and focus on the head of my cock, running your tongue around it and flicking at the sensitive bit as you suck hard. I respond by putting more pressure on your clit with my palm as I slip a finger into your slippery warmth. You intensify what you're doing, but as it's quickly getting me towards the edge, I pull you gently off and lay you down on the soft moss as I cover you with kisses. Your skirt is still bunched up around your waist so you raise your ass so I can slip them off. 

Now both completely naked, I place my hands on your knees and slowly part your legs, exposing your wet pussy to the fresh mountain air. You shiver in delight as a cool breeze tickles your bare skin and I kiss the inside of your thighs, my hands running up your belly and further up to play with your nipples as my lips move further up your thighs. I start tracing little lines around your pussy with my tongue, and as I feel your hands in my hair I lick you very slowly all the way from the bottom of your pussy up to your clit where I start applying a fair amount of pressure, first making little circles, then back and forth. You seem to be enjoying it as your breath quickens and your muscles become more taut. One of my hands makes its way down and I start fingering you as I put more pressure on your clit. You're getting more and more excited and suddenly you pull me up towards you, kissing me hard as you pull my weight down on top of you. 

You grab my still rock-hard cock and guide it to your pussy and in one swift movement I'm all the way inside you. We both gasp in pleasure as I stay there for a moment, enjoying the sensation. You lock your legs behind my ass as I start moving in and out quite slowly but with a lot of pressure. I pick up the pace as you run your hands down my back, scratching me slightly with your fingernails until you reach my ass and grab it hard with both hands. Holding my ass you start increasing the tempo and before long we're banging away as quick as we can. I start to lean back and you catch my meaning and lean with me as I roll onto my back with you sitting on top of me. 

Now it's my turn to grab your ass and control the tempo. We start slow again but quickly build up speed as you rock back and forth, grinding your clit against my pelvis. I reach up and grab your beautiful tits, and you place your hands on my chest, closing your eyes as you focus on the sensations. Again we slow down bit as you climb off me. 

To my surprise you run off toward the edge of the clearing towards a big old tree. You look over your shoulder at me, still lying on the ground, and a lustful look comes into your eyes as you slowly bend over, resting your hands on the treetrunk and pointing your ass towards me. I grin and hurry over to you, grabbing my cock and rubbing it up and down the length of your pussy. You sigh as I slip it in and grab your hips with my hands. 

As I begin thrust into you you push back against the treetrunk, meeting my thrusts as the speed picks up yet again. We bang harder and faster than we've ever done as we both near our orgasms. You reach back with one of your hands and grab my ass as hard as you can, pushing me further into you. I lean down so our backs are touching and supporting myself with one hand I let the other one play with your boobs. Just as you're about to orgasm I grab your boob hard while I bite your neck and as the added pain sends you over the edge, your pulsating pussy sends me over the edge as well and as we both go weak in the knees, we fall over backwards onto the soft moss, you lying on top of me facing the sky, my cock still inside you. I run my hands all over your body as we both begin to catch our breath again. 

You pull my cock out and turn around, straddling me again and giving me a big smile. I reach up and pull you down to me and we kiss long and slow. We lie there for a while, side by side, watching the clouds from our little clearing.

That was my daydream. Stay tuned for her reply :)