 It was another one of those long days. You thought you would do a bit of reading after dinner but once again, you fell asleep next to the reading light, your book lying across your chest. I come into the bedroom with a smile, watching you peacefully sleeping, your glasses still perched on your nose. 

Quietly I remove your glasses and set them on the nightstand. I remove the book and gently climb into the bed with my knees on either side of your legs. I admire your lean body as you sleep, unaware of my gaze. You wear comfortable clothes, a soft t-shirt and pajamas without underwear, the way you prefer. Mmmmm...this is perfect. It's just such easy, tempting access. I can see the rise of your cock between your legs and I cannot resist paying attention to it.

I so love this part...seeing how long I can play with you before you awake. Softly I begin to run my fingers over your sleeping cock inside of your soft pajama bottoms. Your balls are loose and heavy, lazy as they rest on this warm summer night. 

Your cock, as you and I know, is so easily woken up. I can feel it now, stirring under my touch. Still you sleep, and I wonder if, as you drift and dream, you can sense me awakening it. I continue to tease my fingers up and down the shaft, tickling the head, and it responds with appreciative throbs, beginning to grow for me. Ahhh...such a lovely, responsive cock. Yes, it loves the attention. It pulses and twitches as it continues to grow, straining against the soft cotton pajamas. It wants now to come out and play, pushing itself upright, pulsing insistently, urging me to carry on with what I started.

I tease you just a little longer and you stir slightly, still asleep. Carefully, I reach into the opening of your pajamas and reach in to take your nice, thick cock in my hand, wanting to possess it. I absolutely love how it feels. Like smooth, soft velvet, yet it is firm and determined to continue to grow bigger still. I pull it out thru the opening so it can stand up tall and proud. Looking at it, I just can't resist, so I lean down and place several soft kisses on the head. I hear you softly sigh as your peaceful dream begins to fill with pleasure. I can feel your cock still growing, expanding, filling out, the head swelling under my warm, soft lips. Unable to stop myself, I place my tongue on the bottom of the shaft above your balls, then give you a nice, long slow wet lick all the way back up to the head. You moan, relishing the attention. Your hips instinctually begin to rise, trying to push your cock deeper inside of my warm, tight mouth. I can hear you moan softly again as you turn your head on the pillow, your eyes still shut. Your hips continue to slowly push, your cock eager to find its way as deep inside of my mouth as it can. It wants to be locked in, snugly, tightly, then sucked. Ah, now you are fully awake! But I am not going to wake you with one of my fabulous blowjobs...not tonight, at least. 

Instead, I sit up and begin to tug your pajamas down around your thighs. They slide down to reveal your big balls at the base of your thick erection, which is now deliciously swollen, resting on your belly. It leaps with impatience. You sigh and slowly gyrate your hips in anticipation. Mmmmm...look at how that big cock sways around, so firm and ready. I know I said no blowjob tonight but...must give it a good flicking with my tongue...do you mind? It will at least help get your cock good and ready for what I do have planned.

I lean over your eager cock and begin to lightly lap at the sensitive underside, gently bouncing your cock around with my tongue, then picking up the pace until my tongue is furiously dancing all over your cock, making it throb with joy. I can feel you squirm as your cock comes alive with intense, unexpected pleasure. When I suddenly stop, you are panting, and groan your need for more, more more. Such a demanding cock! Never satisfied, is it?

As you lay there with your big erection, I reach over to the nightstand drawer and pull out the bottle of lube. I pop the lid open and pour some into my palm, replacing the bottle and blowing onto my hands, warming it as I work it thru my fingers. Leaning back over you, I can feel you begin to tense as you anticipate the well-needed pleasure to come.

I lean over you and kiss your sweet mouth, my chest against yours, feeling your steadily increasing heartbeat. What a joy to hold you captive, kissing and teasing you, making you wait. Making that cock throb and swell even bigger, your balls aching deeply with need. 

I sit up and wrap my hands firmly around your cock, making you groan with pleasure. I begin to slowly, firmly stroke up and down your cock, from the bottom of the shaft to the head. Your hips are moving involuntarily in rhythm to my strokes. Your cock is now fully erect, turgid with veins, thick and eager for action. It wants to be worked, it needs to be worked...after I woke it from its slumber, aroused and stimulated it, your cock is demanding a firm, steady milking.

"Does this feel good?" I whisper, looking down at your bright blue eyes, filled with passion and wonder as you watch me milk your cock.

"Mmmm yes...yes...so good...mmmmmmmm," you reply, closing your eyes and sinking back into the pillow, allowing me to take control. Your hips continue to slowly grind as your cock slips and slides in my well lubricated hands.

I then start to work on your balls. They are aching, full, rising up and down in their sack as I continue to work your cock with one hand and gently knead and stroke them with the other. You sigh, eyes closed, lost in the feeling. How lovely it is to have your balls attended to. You spread your legs a little wider so I can get them in my palm and massage them, getting them ready, prepping them for release. 

My fingers want to continue to explore. There is much more that you want...more that you need. I apply more lube to my hands as you watch, filled with yearning need. I wrap one hand back around your cock, then slip the other down between your ass cheeks, lubing your crack, making it slick and smooth. You grunt as you feel my fingers inching closer to your sweet, tender hole. I tease my fingers over it, stroking and sliding. You moan and start to squirm, almost as if you're a little worried. There's nothing to be afraid of, darling. You love having your tight hole stimulated, don't you. You know how good it feels. You always put up a little resistance at first, and then soon enough, you are begging and crying helplessly for more.

Sure enough you are opening your legs wider as you feel my fingers tickling and teasing your asshole...then they stop for a moment. You hold your breath, then suddenly you let out a nice, big groan as you feel a finger beginning to slide slowly inside that tight, slick hole. Ahhhhhhh...so good! I can feel your muscles clamping and squeezing, your cock jumping with excitement as my finger slides further and further inside. What a glorious invasion! Your arms are up on each side of your head and your legs are now spread apart, allowing me full control, yet still, you squirm and twist in a vain attempt to eject the invader, but you are unable. My finger begins to work its way in and out, in and out, as I grip your cock with the other hand, working it up and down from shaft to head.

I hear you panting, watch you writhing, knowing you are loving it...putting up your little fight and crying with pleasure at the same time. It feels so, so good, doesn't it? It makes your cock throb with pleasure, makes your asshole twitch and contract against its will. Such a delicious dilemma! More! More! You're naughty enough to want more...

We move together as one, your hips bucking slowly, up and down, matching the pace of my hand milking your cock. My finger slips in and out, periodically thrusting deep inside of you with a firm push. Each time I penetrate deeply inside of you I hear you groan with an intense satisfaction, despite your little kicks of protestation. Something deep inside of you is being touched, as we look into one another's eyes, it is a game of trust, power and surrender.

Without saying a word, I spread your legs further apart. I reach for more lube as you lay with your eyes closed in wonderful anticipation. What happens next takes you completely by surprise. You've at last graduated from my finger. That's right. Tonight I want to introduce you to a new level of pleasure and surrender. You've earned it.

You feel me probing into your sweet ass again, and you relax your muscles, welcoming me in. When I take a hold of each of your ankles and lift your legs into the air, you gasp in shock. Wait...wasn't my finger in your ass? You see me with a very mischievous look in my eyes. Fitted around my waist is a black leather strap on, fitted with an erect rubber cock, the very tip being hugged tightly by your puckered asshole. 

"Oh my...God..." you say between breaths. "Ohhhhhhh...you're going to fuck me...fuck me...oh yes...oh fuck..."

Your cock throbs with excitement as I hold your ankles apart. I am positioned like a man ready to fuck. With my lubed up cock and you moaning softly, I ease my cock further into your tight hole. Oh, you are loving this! You squirm and twist and cry out, reveling in being taken...the shock and thrill of it all! Never before have we explored your surrender on this level, perhaps you've been too shy to dare ask...which makes my initiative all the more exciting. I know you want to be fucked.

Slowly I ease myself in further...further...your breath is coming in short pants as your body accommodates my thick erection. I stop and begin to slide it out, until only the head is inside, clamped tightly in your ass. I then slip back inside again, making you groan with satisfaction. We work the rhythm together...in and out, in and out. My cock glistens, slick with lube, making nice, sensual wet noises as it slips in and out of you. I watch your huge erection bobbing about as my pace quickens. Mmmmm...so very sexy. Just look how big and fat it is as it bounces around. So appetizing. I want to watch you work it.

"Stroke your cock..." I whisper. "Grab your cock and stroke it."

You grab your cock and begin to stroke as I thrust. With your legs spread high and wide, you shamelessly pleasure yourself in front of me as I fuck your ass. So intimate and exciting, to be so willing to stroke as you watch me fuck your sweet ass! I plunge deep inside you, deep inside to places you had always dared not speak of, out of shame or fear of being judged. But now, here with me, you are your true self. The man who loves to fuck me and now the man with his legs in the air who lets me fuck him. You jerk your cock as you receive the delicious, deep satisfaction of an ass stuffed full. It keeps your cock rock hard, your big heavy balls full and eager to deliver their big load.

But not quite yet. I want to milk you like the bull that you are, and I know how to get bulls to release their cum. I slowly pull out of your ass and tell you to get on all fours. Immediately you obey, not missing a beat. I come up behind you and nudge your legs apart, so that your balls are hanging free between them. Supporting yourself on your hands, your cock juts out straight, needy for my touch. I apply more lube to my big cock and position myself up against your warm ass cheeks. You groan and wiggle a bit, arching your back for me. Good boy! Look how your body is asking to be entered and filled right up. It's rather addicting, isn't it? Once you get a taste of how satisfying it is to be stretched and stuffed deep, you yearn for it!

I begin to ease my cock into you again, hearing you groan with the relief of a need fulfilled, sucking your breath in as you revel in the sensation of that big cock sliding right back into that tight ass again. Holding your hips and pushing my torso into your butt cheeks, I begin to fuck you. 

"Mmmmmmmmmmm oooohhhhhhhhh!" you cry. "Yes...yes...yes...!" you moan with every satisfying thrust.

Your balls are swinging now, your cock waving around, everything in motion as I drive my cock into you harder and harder. Yes! Fuck yes! You begin to yelp, begging me to go faster. Music to my ears! You begin to eagerly push your ass up against me as I thrust forward into you, our pace and our heartbeats quickening. You lean down on your elbows, your face pressed into the pillow, your butt cheeks open wide as I continue to steadily work and stretch that hole. 

But I sense you might cum from being fucked alone, your leaking cock slapping over and over against your stomach. We don't want to waste the opportunity to milk that cock for all it's worth. I undo the fasteners on my leather belt, releasing my rubber cock which remains in place, deep inside of your ass, where I intend it to stay! Now, from behind you, I can reach between your legs and with one hand wrap my hands around your balls, and with the other take your cock in my nice, firm grip and begin to milk.

You arch your back again and moan loudly as I work you like the big, horny animal you are. You can feel my cock still deep inside your ass, and you wiggle and buck your hips as I stroke, but there is no trying to get out of it. You are mine and you are going to be stroked to orgasm, a big, strong powerful orgasm, with your nicely stuffed ass squeezing and clenching uncontrollably.

Your mouth is open and you are panting as I massage your heavy balls, encouraging them to fill and fill for me. I keep your cock thick and at attention, stroking, rubbing, tickling, teasing my fingers around the swollen head. You moan and groan and spread your legs apart further. I look at my cock, still being gripped tightly in your ass. I reach up and take hold of the base of it and begin to slide it in and out of your ass, making you gasp. My other hand roams and rubs sensuously over your balls and cock, my fingers swirling around your shaft, then cupping and squeezing your balls, then back to milking your thick, swollen cock. Your breath catches in your throat and I can hear you whimpering...you are on the edge now, your muscles are stiffening, your legs trembling. You moan loudly as I ease my cock deep inside your ass again, watching your tight hole rhythmically clench greedily around it. The stimulation is causing your cock to leak long strings of precum that hang from the tip, telling me you are being pushed to the edge of endurance. 

But you need more working still. I return now to giving you, my sweet little bull, a firm and vigorous milking with both hands. One hand is wrapped around your thick shaft, the other kneads and rubs your balls, then slides up to rub and stimulate the sensitive area between your asshole and balls. I feel you breathing faster and faster, whimpering, shaking, your head buried in the pillow. You are completely vulnerable as my hand holds a tight grip on your cock, a finger firmly massaging just under the head. Deep throbs of pleasure pulse thru your shaft, thru your balls and deep, deep inside of your stuffed ass. You start to cry out, moaning loudly the only words you can get out of your mouth.

"I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum!"

"Aaaaahhh yes! Cum for me! Let it all out...give it to me! Cum for me!!" I give you the command, rapidly milking that shaft as your tight balls jiggle furiously. You cry out as you feel all your pent up milk about to gush forth.

My order was, finally, just too much for you. 

"YES! YES! YES! OOOOOOHHHHHHH!!" You give a great shout, moaning loudly as you surrender into orgasm. Your cock and balls begin to powerfully pump. I am right behind you, rubbing and milking and squeezing as you cry and shudder and shake, releasing powerful bursts of cum everywhere...onto your chest, the bed, letting it get all over the place without a care. You are crying, whimpering, eyes tightly shut. My cock is buried deep inside of your contracting asshole, the stimulation ensuring every last drop of cum squirts out of you, completely coating the sheets. Still I milk you until you yelp and jerk, fully emptied and highly sensitive. Only then do I ease up on you, when I know those balls are utterly drained. You remain in place on all fours, your stuffed ass in the air, your cock still leaping with excitement. Your sack, a moment before so full and heavy, drawn up and ready to fire, hangs loosely between your legs above the puddles of cum it just released. You feel tremendous relaxation and satisfaction, and a sense of openness and freedom now that we have crossed into new territory together. I know you'll want to do this again. I certainly do.

For now, you cannot move, you cannot think. Your breath is ragged, your legs still tremble. I am gently holding onto your sensitive cock, and I softly cup your balls until their throbbing contractions quiet. I know you enjoy having me hold you like this. It is intimate, an act bound in trust and vulnerability. Gently I reach up and slowly withdraw my cock from your ass. You sigh softly, moaning with a deep gratification as you feel it slowly slip out. You were, in every sense, touched deep inside. 

With a soft moan you slowly rise up onto your hands, then turn so that we face one another. I can see that dreamy, satisfied look in your eyes, and just a hint of a smile playing at your lips. Your eyes close and you moan softly, cupping my face in your hands as we kiss. Your heart is still beating rapidly, and you hold me tightly.

"That was amazing," you say breathlessly. It would not be long now before you drifted off into a peaceful, deep sleep. 

"You are amazing," I reply. "You let me fuck you hard, and you gave me such a nice big load. Not bad for your first time..."

We both laugh, but even in your slightly shy smile, I could see your desire, and your need for more...a desire I was more than willing to fill, again and again.