 For the past couple of months, since my pregnant girlfriend, Sam, moved in with my pregnant wife, myself and our son, I had been alternating nightly between the two insatiable women. There was the occasional threesome romp all together but most nights it was one on one and intensely intimate.

Satisfying two pregnant women in the same house is a tiring but ultimately fulfilling exercise. You have to keep in mind it isn't just passionate sex night after night, but midnight runs for those pregnancy cravings, hormonal adjustments, and comforting, times two.

It was a month or so after Sam moved in that I started to notice she was getting bigger in the tummy, more so than my wife, but Aria was just as far along as Sam. I thought she was probably just gaining a little extra pregnancy weight, and I wouldn't complain her belly started rounding out earlier than usual.

It wasn't until their 20 week ultrasounds, which we managed to get back to back, that I found out the reason for Sam's extra growth. She was having twins, both boys, and Aria was having my first daughter. I was excited beyond belief, I had always wanted to have a set of twins, and I was going to have my first daughter, daddy's little girl as well. I know having 3 newborns would be hard, and I would likely not be having a lot of sex, so I decided I had to take advantage of the situation having two pregnant, horny ladies at my disposal.

Just as we pulled back in the driveway and entered our house, I could barely contain myself. Aria got Declan's car seat out of the car, and brought him in with her. I looked to her for permission to go have some fun, and she nodded her simple nod, indicating that I was free to go off and play, and that she would watch Declan for a while. Hurriedly, I grabbed Sam's hand and rushed upstairs, at least as quickly as she could go in her condition.

I had barely shut the door when she began ripping my clothes off of me, obviously just as excited and turned on as me. Quickly she took off her maternity overalls, and shirt, 

"Wow, I can't believe you gave me two babies, twins, no wonder my belly is rounding out already, and your potent seed really came through for me." She pushed out her sensual, smooth, milky belly caressing it innocently, and grinning devilishly. She knew I had a thing for the belly, and she was purposely trying to entice me, not that she needed to convince me or anything. 

She lay back on her bed, and I came over to her side, grabbing the cocoa butter lotion from her dresser. Applying a generous amount to my hands, I began to gently massage the lotion onto her growing belly. The lotion lubricated her belly and my hands glided back and forth over it. The cocoa butter was doubly good, not only did it give me an excuse to massage her stomach, rounded by my twins, but I am also helping her to prevent marring her stomach with stretch marks. It seemed to be working, since she had yet to get one mark on that wonderful mounding belly.

"That feels so good..." she commented as my hands slowed their movements.

She reached her hand down to my stiffening rod, gently gliding the foreskin back and forth over the head. Pre-cum began leaking from the tip of my cock, and with the motion of the foreskin, began lubricating my hard shaft. I could barely stand, so I joined her on the bed, taking up a position directly next to her, and I lowered my head to her breast, sucking gently on her nipple, feeling it engorge as I pressed my lips tightly around it. Her areola began to wrinkle as it shrunk up inward toward the hard nipple, a few drops of colostrum beaded at its tip, and I licked the moistness from her.

Moving my head up, I kissed her neck with soft, gentle kisses, planting each one closer and closer to her mouth, which opened in anticipation and greedily accepted the kiss I intended for her, our tongues intermingling in a swirl of passion. I lost track of time, she grabbed me tight and pulled me closer to her, it was hard with her bulging belly, but we could still get close. With one of my hands, I reached down and teased her clit; it took very little stimulation before I could feel her juices flowing down my fingers. Without waiting for her, I inserted my middle and fore fingers deep into her, eliciting a gasp of excitement from her.

I placed my whole body down between her legs, placing my lips upon her labia and licking the wetness from her inner folds, she moaned pleasurably as I moved my tongue around her vaginal opening.

"Oh please, don't make me wait today, nibble on my clit like you usually do, you know how it drives me crazy. I feel like I haven't had sex in days."

She did too, her body was responding to every little stimulus trying to provide a more inviting environment. Her musky aroma filled my nose, and I felt my heart race, bringing the tip of my tongue to her clitoral hood, rubbing back and forth with a quick flitting. Alternating between her clit and her labia, I found I was completely aroused from eating this pregnant pussy. The total eroticism of the moment was overpowering and utterly enjoyable. I could feel the walls of her vagina contracting around my fingers as they slid in and out, signaling orgasm, she came in a flood of fluid which filled my waiting mouth, it was rare for her to cum like that, I savored the moment greatly.

In my ecstasy, she managed to pull me onto the bed and position me on my back, my foreskin covered cock pointing straight up, happily waiting to penetrate her deeply. She kneeled above it, rolling the foreskin between her fingers, feeling the sensitive tissue, and sending a tingling sensation all the way through my cock. She lowered her head slipping her tongue between the foreskin and the head, and began to slowly glide the skin back and forth in motion with her head. By the time she slowed, I didn't think I could have held it any longer and my cock was rock hard.

Sam straddled me, sliding down my post with gentle ease. It was difficult with her growing belly to have sex in some of the more conventional positions, but this I liked, I could rub her belly and breasts as she carefully moved up and down on top of me. I rubbed the bulge containing my two babies, thinking how much I loved Sam, and I was happy she was having my children. My mind went blank with a wave of detached pleasure, almost separating me from the world outside. I could think of nothing but Sam and our love making. A powerful surge rushed through me, and I began to cum, shot after shot deep into her. I knew she couldn't get pregnant again, but that moment when my seed spurted forth into her seemed important, a confirmation of the love we held and the children growing within her.

She rolled off of me exhausted from lifting herself up and down, completely tired and unmoving. Moving slowly between her legs again, I surprised her as I began to lick her puffy lips clean of the cum that had begun to drip out. Spreading her lips, I could see my cum trickling out and all around her vaginal opening, I licked all around, savoring the mixture of her flavor and mine. Her clit was still engorged and incredibly inviting. I am not sure what came over me, but I had this urge to just keep eating her out, slipping my tongue, moistened with her juices mixed with my cum, over her clit back and forth, and moving around the edges. She brought her cream pie up to me, moving her butt up of the bed, driving my face right into her pussy. I kissed it, inserting my tongue into her hole, licking every part of her I could. She wrapped her legs around my shoulders and neck, pulling me in tighter, she came with explosive force, and I could feel her body twitching slightly from the aftershocks of her second orgasm that night.

Breathing heavily, I slumped back down next to her, both of us exhausted; she brought the sheet up and wiped my face, which was covered in the mingling result of our love. I draped my arm over her belly, absent-mindedly tracing my finger tips over her belly. Somewhere from within, I felt a sharp kick hit my fingers, she looked a little startled.

"I guess they didn't agree with us as to what is fun," she commented.

"Just the first of many kicks you will feel, if Declan is any example," I replied, a smile of satisfaction stretched across my face.

Laying there together in the aftermath of all that activity we both drifted quickly off to sleep that afternoon, napping for a few hours until I was awoken by Aria popping her head in. Darkness filled the room; it must have been late to be so dark during this time of the year.

"Declan is in bed, you ready to come fulfill your duty to me?" she questioned beckoning me to come with her.