 This story is the property of the author. It is not to be changed in any way, nor published or shown at other web sites without the permission of the author. 

Please provide feedback, if you choose. All comments appreciated. 

* * * * *

Patricia had landed the job as Victor Marson's private secretary. She was very qualified for the job, but because of her full figured size, the other girls snickered at her behind her back. Patricia was plump, pretty, nearly one hundred sixty pounds, but was five feet nine inches tall and carried her weight very well. Many of the other girls, that didn't get the job, gossiped nearly aloud about 'what was Victor thinking' when he passed over several really stunning women to hire Patricia. To Victor, the most eligible bachelor in the company, it was the logical thing to do, because first, she was very qualified. Secondly, he wouldn't have to worry about the office lotharios hanging around trying to make out. Patty, as she preferred being called, was very good at her secretarial skills and Victor was very pleased with her work.

As time progressed Victor became more dependant on Patty than he had ever been with previous secretaries. She seemed to know exactly what he wanted or needed and was in effect 'his man Friday'. Late one morning Victor asked Patty to join him for lunch. She was surprised that he asked her, but readily accepted. Patty had just finished wrapping up a very important contract and Victor decided to reward her with lunch at a posh restaurant and a promotion. They drove to the restaurant and the headwaiter seated them immediately. It was obvious to Patty that Victor was a frequent client, and all the restaurant employees treated him with the utmost respect.

"What would you like to drink, Patty," Victor asked.

"Iced tea?" patty responded, more a question than an answer. 

"No, Patty, I meant a cocktail or a glass of wine perhaps."

"Oh, but the company rules are no alcohol during working hours, Victor. Aren't they?"

"Not today, Patty, because I'm giving you the rest of the day off," Victor told her. "Your work on the Bradley account was outstanding, Patty. Bradley was thoroughly impressed by your work and I believe that's why we won the contract. In fact, Bradley said that to me, when he signed the contract," Victor said smiling at her. Patty was surprised and very pleased that both Victor and his client had appreciated all the work she had done on the account. "Do you like a white Zinfandel?" he asked her. Patty smiled and nodded her head, yes. Victor motioned the waiter and asked him to bring them a bottle of his best white Zinfandel and two glasses. Patty could not stop grinning as the waiter poured their wine.

"Ummm," she murmured as she drank her first sip, "that is very good, Victor. Thank you."

"Well, Patty, there is more than just wine to make your day, I hope. The Bradley contract is worth a great deal to the company, and because of you we got the deal," he said. "Here is an envelope with a bonus check for you and a little something for your splendid efforts, Patty." He handed her the envelope and told her to open it. Inside was a bonus check for ten thousand dollars made out to Patty, a copy of a form to the Payroll Department doubling her annual salary retroactive to the first of the year, and she was promoted to Assistant to Victor. Patty was astounded! She could not believe her good fortune and for the first time was utterly speechless. She opened her mouth to say something, but Victor stopped her. "Patty, you deserve every penny. You worked hard and long hours to help me gain that account and you should share in the good fortune. Thank you, Patty, for being the best Assistant I've ever had," he said as he raised his glass to her.

"Assistant?" she asked. He nodded as they touched glasses and drank their wine. Patty realized that being an Assistant meant that she was now part of management and would be sharing in many financial rewards. They ate a superb lunch and talked about everything under the sun. The wine had mellowed both of them and they talked easily about their origins, upbringing, schools and all those sorts of things. The conversation eventually centered of their personal lives. Patty had been married at eighteen, divorced at twenty and now at age twenty-seven had finally moved the economic ladder. She felt that she was finally on her way to better things. Patty had put herself through college earning a degree in Business Administration and today all that hard work had paid off handsomely.

"What does Patty like to do best when she is at leisure?" Victor asked sipping more wine.

"If I told you the truth you would probably fire me," she said smiling. He beamed at her and cocked his head as if asking why. "Well, I'm not sure I should tell you, but I will and blame the wine," she declared. He grinned. "Victor, as you can see, I'm not the svelte girl that normally graces the office. I'm a bit on the plump side of womanhood," she paused then decided to let the chips fall where they may. "Let's face it Victor, I'm fat!" she declared. "I weight nearly one hundred and sixty pounds and I am constantly dieting, but I can't seem to lose weight!" she confessed. "When guys ask me out, it's for one thing that they say I do better than any other girl."

"And what might that be?" Victor asked curiously.

"You asked what it is that I do best when I'm at leisure. Well, the answer is blowjobs, Victor. Fat girls give outstanding blowjobs or they don't get asked out on many dates," she said as her lip quivered and a tear welled in her eye. Victor was stunned. He in no way possible expected that response. Searching his mind for an appropriate reply, he could not find one.

"Oh God, Patty, please don't cry. I'm truly sorry I made you cry, please forgive me," he said softly. Patty dabbed her eye dry and smiled nervously. 

"No, Victor, It's me that should apologize. I shouldn't have said what I did." Victor tried to soothe her feelings, but to no avail. He told her that he had never thought about the life of a full figured girl, but perhaps he should have. No matter what he would say it was somehow not the right thing. Finally, he gave up trying and decided to praise her for her honesty and assure her that her 'confession' changed nothing in their business relationship. "Thank you, Victor, I was out of line, but I don't know why I said that," Patty told him. They finished their lunch and Victor drove Patty home, congratulated her on the promotion she had earned and said he would see her in the morning at work. That subject never came up again in the work months that followed Patty's promotion.

The work year progressed satisfactorily for both of them. Victor had been given additional responsibilities and Patty was still his right arm and pillar of strength. Together they had nearly doubled the business that Victors' section had been doing and they truly became friends. It was nearing Christmas and Victor had asked Patty to put together a Christmas party for the employees in his section. Again, Patty did a splendid job of planning and arranging all the details. The party was set for the coming Friday, right after work at a small lounge. The party was a success. No one drank too much and gag gifts were exchanged. Patty had arranged to draw Victors' name and presented him with a card after most of the others had gone home. He opened it to see a gift certificate for 'One of what I do best', signed, Patty.

Victor grinned and asked what that was, the liquor having dimmed his recollection somewhat. She smiled as she put on her coat to leave and picked up his card and scribbled something on the 'Certificate', put it back in the envelope and placed it in his pocket. "Merry Christmas, Vic," she said as she left the lounge, walked to her car and drove off. Victor, a bit mellow, but not drunk fumbled through his coat pocket and pulled out his card. He opened it and saw the letters B J scrawled over the 'Certificate'. His brow furrowed for an instant then he grinned and walked out to his car. He had made plans to go out with the guys that evening, but he called them on his cell phone to tell them he was too tired to go out.

At home in his apartment, Victor made some strong coffee to clear his head and also showered to let the cool water revive him. Soon the slight buzz he had felt when he got home had gone away and he sat down to read the paper until the football game came on the TV. The phone rang and he answered it. It was Patty calling to make sure he got home all in one piece. She made a habit of fussing over him, especially if he had consumed some alcohol, so he wasn't surprised that she called. "Thanks for worrying about me, Patty," he thanked her. She made some comment that it came with the job and was about to hang up when Victor said, "Wait, Patty…where can I redeem my certificate?" he asked with a chuckle.

"Fat girls make house calls to redeem certificates, Boss," Patty replied with equal levity as Victor.

"Why are you giggling?" Victor asked.

"I always giggle at your jokes, Vic," she replied. 

Victor paused for a few seconds then said very tenderly, "I wasn't joking, Patty."

"Pour me a glass of wine, Victor. I'm on my way," Patty said and hung up. Victor breathed deeply, selected two ornate crystal wine glasses and put a bottle of premium Champagne on ice. In a little while he heard the door chimes and moved to the door. Opening the door, he saw Patty wearing her fur coat and a big smile. "Hello, Mr. Marson," she said as she stepped inside. Removing her coat, Victor noticed that she was visibly nervous. He asked her to sit down and he popped the cork on the Champagne and poured the wine in the two glasses, handing one to Patty. She accepted the wine, sipped it and remarked that this was the first time her B J's had earned her Champagne. Victor leaned to her and kissed her lips tenderly. Patty sighed and eagerly returned the kiss. Her face was flushed with desire as Victor kissed her neck and took the glass from her hand. Kissing Patty again, Victor unbuttoned her blouse and removed it.

Patty gasped when she felt him unhook her bra, but allow it to remain covering her breasts. His fingers found the zipper to her skirt and he unzipped it. He raised Patty to her feet and let the skirt fall to the floor around her ankles. Her body was plump, but firm as he hooked his thumbs in her panties and lowered them to join her skirt. Patty's breathing was heavy as Victor helped her step away from her skirt and panties. Her dark blonde bush was neatly trimmed and Victor kneeled to nuzzle the soft curls with his nose. Her scent was tantalizing and he could see the glint of moisture on her pussy as he kissed her cuntlips. She gasped and ran her fingers through his hair as he teased her pussy with his lips, blowing on her large clit rapidly exiting its hood.

Victor blew a long warm breath over her clit as it engorged and begged for attention. He did not deny it as he flicked his tongue over the tip of her clit to the sounds of Patty moaning with arousal. Grasping her ample, but firm, asscheeks he kneaded them as he drew his tongue along the sides of her closed cuntlips, up one side and down the other several times. Patty groaned with desire and whimpered, "Please…Oooooo…yesssss…oh that's sooo good, Victor." She grasped his shoulders to steady herself as he continued to tease her very wet pussy. Her juices oozed from between her closed cuntlips and he licked them into his mouth. She tasted wonderful. 

His tongue parted her cuntlips and she gasped as he plunged his tongue deep into her pussy, swirling it all about her inner folds. Patty tried to sit down in a chair, but Victor held her firm by her asscheeks, and looked up at her. "I want you to cum standing up, sweet Patty. It will be so intense and wonderful," he said then resumed tonguing her pussy. Patty writhed in pleasure as his velvety tongue ravished her pussy, licking, nibbling and gently biting at it. Her moans were unceasing as she ground her pussy into his mouth relishing his marvelous tongue. She trembled with desire and could feel the familiar signs of her orgasm rising deep within her. Victor's tongue was relentless as he swathed her inner pussy and her clit with his tongue.

Patty gripped Victor's head and pulled it hard into her cunt as she screamed and shuddered in a powerful orgasm. Her Juices spewed from her cunt to coat his face, mouth and tongue as he continued to tongue her throughout her orgasm. Patty nearly swooned from pleasure, as her legs could no longer support her and she fell back onto her chair. Victor followed her into the chair, his mouth and tongue still 'tormenting' her clit and pussy and she orgasmed again. She sat still, her arms limp over the side of the chair. Her breathing was labored and she gasped for air as Victor consumed the last of her cum nectar eagerly. Her eyes closed dreamily as Victor continued to lick and suckle her clit.

He arose and bent to kiss her passionately on her lips. Patty opened her mouth and sucked Victors tongue inside to entwine it with her own, tasting her juices on his tongue. She opened her eyes and looked at Victor's face glistening with her juices. They kissed again then Patty whispered, "Oh Victor, that was unbelievable! I've never cum that hard…it was so intense!" Victor smiled and stood up to remove his clothes while Patty recovered from the most satisfying orgasm she had ever experienced. He stood naked in front of her as her startled eyes gazed at his rock hard cock. It was over seven inches and thick with ample foreskin that nearly covered his cockhead even though he had a hard-on. His balls were equally large, hanging down to swing freely and were shaved smooth of hair. Smiling, Patty reached out to fondle his cock and balls.

"I thought I was here to give the B J's," she said smiling, still fondling his genitals. Victor smiled and reached over to remove her unhooked bra that still covered her breasts. Her breasts were slightly conical, large, but did not sag. Patty's nipples were smaller than Victor had suspected and stood hard on her small pink areolas. He grasped her breasts in his hands and found they were very firm. She moaned from his touch saying, "My breasts and nipples are so sensitive, Victor." Smiling he kneeled and rubbed the nipples with his fingers. Patty writhed slowly as pleasure filled her ample body again while he rubbed her nipples. She sighed wantonly as her arousal grew with each touch of his fingers on her nipples. Her moans became more intense and she looked at him with pleading eyes.

Victor moved slowly to kiss each nipple and Patty quivered with each kiss. He began to lick her tits all about, starting from the side of her left breast, licking in ever-smaller circles until he reached her areola then stopped. He moved to do the same to her right breast as she quivered and moaned with lust, desire and arousal. Cupping her breast, Victor flicked his tongue over the tip of her nipple as Patty gasped aloud. He sucked her nipple into his mouth and held it tightly with his lips as he sucked it in and out while licking the tip with his tongue. Patty writhed and groaned in deep pleasure as Victor licked and suckled her nipple. He moved to the other nipple and did the same to it as Patty was nearly lost in her arousal, her pussy throbbing with lust and her nipple tingling delightfully.

Victor pushed both of her lovely breasts together until her nipples touched one another. She moaned and jerked as his tongue flicked over both nipple tips at the same time. He sucked both of her nipples into his mouth to suckle them together as his tongue slathered all about her sensitive nipples. She grasped his head to her bosom and groaned steadily as the intensity of his tonguing of her nipples drove her steadily toward the edge. Patty screamed and erupted again in a savage orgasm, her juices squirting from her pussy and coating her thighs. Victor continued to suckle her super sensitive nipples as she moaned for him to stop for a moment, but Victor ignored her pleas. Her head fell back onto the chair, she closed her eyes and shuddered through another intense orgasm. "Oh my God, Vic," she gasped, "You made me cum without touching my pussy."

Victor smiled, offered his hand to Patty and she arose to follow him into his bedroom. He climbed into the king size bed and beckoned for her to join him. Patty grinned and kneeled on the bed. She spread his legs and got between them on her knees. She moved up to lick and suck his nipples and discovered that Victor's nipples were just as sensitive as hers. He moaned in pleasure as her tongue ringed his nipples and she gently nibbled them. He bent to her to kiss her forehead as she continued to pleasure his nipples and began to fondle his rock hard cock. She scooted down until her face was inches from his cockhead and she began to stroke his cock. She pulled his foreskin all the way down and marveled at how plentiful his foreskin was.

Patty rubbed his cockhead all over her face, kissing the shaft and head while tickling his balls. Victor's balls hung loose and low. Patty nuzzled them and licked them all about as he writhed in delight. She opened her mouth and sucked in a testicle and rolled her tongue about it, closing her lips and pulling at it gently. Victor was breathing hard as he felt his thick clear pre-cum seeping copiously from his cockhole. Releasing his testicle she sucked in his other testicle and tongue bathed it as well, looking at him writhe in pleasure. She tried to get both balls in her mouth, but could not easily accomplish the feat until she gently pushed them into her mouth with her fingers. Victor was groaning and trembling as her tongue slathered his balls. She teased him by pulling at his balls with her mouth and she could feel them begin to draw up tight.

Sensing that he might cum, Patty released his balls with a pop and they tumbled out of her mouth wet with her saliva. Gently she pressed her lips around his cockhead and squeezed it to drive the blood out, thus prevent him from cumming. Several dollops of salty pre-cum flowed onto her tongue and she swallowed his tasty offering. She released his cock to let his urge to cum subside and moved back to lick and suck his nipples. Slowly she drew her tongue down his body, reamed his navel then engulfed his cockhead with her mouth. Her tongue rolled all about his velvety spongy cockhead and he moaned aloud as she pleasured him. Patty began to lick up and down his cockshaft wetting it with her saliva. She drew her tongue up to his cock rim and circled underneath it then down again. 

Victor was mad with desire. He pleaded with her to let him cum, but Patty smiled and shook her head, no. He was nearly crazed with desire, but he resisted grasping her head and fucking her mouth to allow her to leisurely suck his cock as she wished. Patty gripped his cock tightly with one hand and drew his foreskin down fully exposing his pre-cum flowing cockhead. She pressed her tongue to his cockhole and tried to push the tip into his cockhole a bit. Pushing her tongue hard against his cockhole, Patty drew his foreskin back up over his cockhead and her tongue. Victor gasped and quaked as she began to roll her tongue around his cockhead under his foreskin. Sensing his rising orgasm, Patty closed her lips hard on his cockhead to drive out the blood once more and preclude him from orgasm.

Tears welled in Victor's eyes as he strained to cum, but could not. When his urge to cum abated, Patty released his cock from her lips and drove his cock deep into her mouth and back up again. She repeated the tactic several times, each time sending more of his magnificent cock into her throat. Finally, surrounded by pubic hair, her nose touched his belly and his cockhead was fully in her throat. Patty began to try to swallow his cock, but naturally it would not go down, however the swallowing sensations on his cockhead were extremely intense. Never had he felt such total pleasure. He was in absolute ecstasy and had yet to cum. Each time Patty tried to 'swallow' his cock, her throat would squeeze it and drive some blood from his cockhead preventing him from orgasm.
