 While you were sleeping last night, I was dreaming. I like dreams. Do you know why? In dreams there are no rules. No limits. Dreams take something or someone you know and explore it for you in a place where there is no judgment, no repentance, and no retribution.

My dream brought me your face, with that amazing, beautiful skin, with those eyes clear and bright, with that exciting hint of mischief, soft lips lightly colored, slightly parted in a pretty smile, gently inviting the caress of a loving, sensuous kiss.

My dream brought me images of you I have not seen in reality, and clothed it in things known and imagined. From somewhere, my dream conjured up silk pajamas that shimmered in soft caresses over your body, touching your flesh briefly, then softly retreating from the touch, and touching you elsewhere as you moved. The color is one of those only in the vocabulary of artists and women. The unfettered flow of the fabric suggests the freedom of nakedness beneath it.

My dream allowed me to watch you, unaware of my presence as you attended to your morning routine. A routine that is well known and automatic. It is hard to know if you're thinking, or just going through those necessary motions. No matter.

My dream let me watch you.

My dream gave me courage, and desire.

There are no rules in dreams.

First you felt my warm breath on the back of your neck. Then, soft kisses, placed just beneath the soft hair that rests there. That's when you stopped. Not moving. You didn't turn though, didn't try to look behind.

In my dream, I wondered if your stillness was fear, or acceptance.

In my dream, I kissed you gently, slowly moving down your neck. My arm slowly embraced you. Still, you did not move. My body almost touching yours as my kisses traced the collar of your pajama top, the beginning of your shoulder-line under my gaze.

In my dream, the arm embracing you, moved slowly and easily upwards over the soft fabric of your garment, located the top button, and twisted it open, loosening its own embrace of your skin.

In my dream, I thought I felt you shudder slightly as the top opened minimally. As the length of my body touched the length of yours, and my rising passion, could be felt against the soft, yet firm, curve of your rear...

My kisses move over your soft, warm flesh newly revealed by the opening of your jacket. They explore your shoulder traveling slowly and deliberately, almost to the end. Then, move back, retracing the warm, wet steps of my growing desire. The arm enfolding you gently pulls you tighter to me. You can feel my growing hardness against you. My kisses move up your neck, my lips part, gently taking the lobe of your ear into my mouth. My fingers twist the second button of the three that keep the soft, silk jacket on your body free from its buttonhole, and the sheer fabric slides further over your skin. My, mouth releases your ear, and I kiss down the side of your neck and along your other shoulder. 

My hand slips inside the loose jacket, touching the taut skin of your tummy. My kisses return to your neck. The air invades the open jacket caressing your breasts, arousing the nipples. My hand moves upwards over your warm skin, cupping a breast. The thumb reaches up and teases your nipple, urging it to hardness.

You can feel my warm breath on your skin. Hear it quickening slightly, as I touch and kiss you. My mouth pushes the fabric over your shoulders and the jacket slides part of the way down your arms, brushing the skin as it descends. My kisses begin a slow journey down your spine, as my thumb excites your hardening nipple. Then, I move my hand down your body once more. My fingers find the third, and last, button of the jacket and flick it from its mooring. The jacket slides slowly from your upper body as my mouth pushes it down with each soft kiss that travels down your spine. My knees bend slightly, as my hands and mouth caress their way down your body. The silk garment floats to the floor as my mouth kisses at the nerve cluster in your lower back. My tongue traces the horizontal line of the pajama pants, as my hands rest upon your hips...

Slowly, I slide the soft, silky fabric down over your hips, my kisses following the descent of the pants over the firm curves of your rear. Inch by inch more of your beautiful nakedness is revealed to my eyes, caressed by my mouth. You jump slightly as I kiss that nerve cluster that resides at the base of your spine. You have not yet turned around. Savoring the moments? Are you absorbing yourself in the soft, sensuous, unexpected sensations? I hope so.

Gentle bites punctuate the warm kisses placed on your firm, well-rounded buttocks. I slide the soft pants down another inch. The beginning of the deep, exciting crease that separates your cheeks comes into view less than two inches from my face, and I kiss you there. My tongue flicks into it once. I think I hear a soft, short sigh escape your mouth. I look up at your slightly flushed skin as my eyes adore your body, surveying the journey my mouth, teeth and tongue have made down it. Another inch of flesh is revealed, and my mouth welcomes it softly, gently, lovingly. The kisses cover first one cheek and then the other. Then, my mouth kisses the form defining crevice between them. Do I hear another, slightly louder sigh?

My hands have only moved in concert with the slow revealing of your body to me. They hold you firmly, yet adoringly as though you were sculpture, some work of art, appraised carefully.

Now, they move again, and the full, exciting beauty of your behind is before me. The pants stay up, resting in that slight upwardly curved indentation that defines where your gorgeous ass meets the top of the back of your strong thighs. Once again, my mouth and tongue trace the rolled waistband of the pajama pants. On returning to the middle, my tongue flicks, once again, into that delicious crevice, sliding upwards, leaving a warm moist trail to mark its exploration.

My fingertips push coaxingly into the front of your thighs, pulling outwards slightly. Your feet move fractionally in that direction.

My tongue flicks out once more, deeper this time. It finds that sensitive cluster of nerves encircling that oft forbidden opening between your cheeks, teasing it. Was that a flinch? Did I hear another intake of breath? Then, returns to my mouth. I kiss you again, this time slightly harder. My hands slide down your thighs taking the silken pants with them. They drop down your legs, caressing them, falling to the floor.

My hands slide up your body, my fingertips never breaking contact as I rise behind you. Then, one hand leaves you as the other once again encircles your naked body, cupping a breast, the thumb and forefinger finding your taut, excited nipple. The other hand quickly removes my own clothing, then, returns to your body, coaxing you to bend slightly bringing your body closer to mine. You can feel the rigidity of my excited cock against your warm, fleshy up turned ass...

Our body heat rises. I can feel you breathing. My hand slides gently down your spine. It then caresses the warm skin of your buttocks. I step back slightly causing my erection to slide over your ass before separating from the fleshy contact. My fingers slip between your legs and touch your moist sex. They begin gently exploring you. Your labia slowly spread under my insistent touch. My fingertips are moistened by the growing wetness. I slide them along your warm, wet crevice, reaching under you and upwards. They are feeling for that small center of joy that resides there. Finding it, I apply gentle pressure. This time, I feel you shudder as your clitoris reacts to my touch. You allow me to excite you. Your breath is audible now, and quicker. I insert, first one, then a second finger into your womanhood, masturbating you, feeling the muscles begin to contract around them.

My other hand still caresses your breasts, toying with the hard nipples. After a few moments I slide my fingers from your vagina. Lifting them to my nose I inhale the scent of your excitement. Then, suck the sweet sexual nectar from them. My hand drops downward and encircles my erect cock as I step closer to you. I position it between your legs, the head just touching the soft, sensitive flesh of your wet sex. I feel you tense slightly as I push forward and my cock invades you. The penetration is slow, until you feel my testicles between your inner thighs. I hold you there for a second impaled by my cock and my desires. Then, I move my hips in slow, rhythmic movements. My cock slides easily in the lubrication of your sexual juices. My hand leaves your breasts and joins the other on your hips. Do I feel you push back at me now?

My breath quickens with my strokes. Each one is long, deep, and complete, reaching for your cervix. The flesh of my thighs smacks softly, yet audibly, against your ass as we reach symmetry of motion. My cock plunges into you, my hands pulling you onto it on each inward stroke. I feel your vaginal muscles grip me as my hard rod retreats from your hot, moist sex. My balls tighten as I near ejaculation. I slide an arm around you and find your clitoris pushing on it, wanting you to come with me. Thrusting deep into you, I feel you tighten and your sighs tell me that you are reaching orgasm. 

Almost savagely, I bury myself in you. My cock spasms inside you as your muscles squeeze it. I gasp aloud, and release the first hot jet of fluid against your cervix. I continue to pump as I feel your release, your breaths short and urgent. My sperm fills you as it spews from my hard cock. I hold you close against me as we luxuriate in the moment of fulfillment. After I while, I withdraw from you, bend and kiss your sex from behind. Then, I stand, and turn you to face me. With your face in my hands, I look into your eyes, and kiss you deeply. You can taste us on my lips as we hold each other.

...and another day begins.