 Full Package with Janice,

It is always a thrill to be with my girl, how could I survive without her?

She has changed my life forever and now I live for her, dream of her and we both cherish the quality time we share with each other.

I love for her to do the things we cherish, those very personal and intimate things that so deeply cement our beautiful relationship in so many ways.

I thank the stars that women, because of their disposition' are somehow generally much more capable of blending a real loving relationship with an equal recipe of the emotional and physical attributes, that keep the spark fresh and flowing and the flame burning so very bright.

The rich sexual attributes that somehow surpass all else when we start to make love, when we can simply relax and enjoy each other in so many ways, the ways we have discovered of ourselves that we both enjoy given time and practice, those secret longings and turn-ons that become an important part of our togetherness.

Like the way Janice simply loves to role play. What is it that creates such a wild adaptability to role play? Whatever it is it is delicious and stimulating - when my baby dresses up for me in so many ways, like when she surprised me with a new Ann Summers outfit - now knowing exactly what my preferences are, and when she appears from the bathroom in that scant short black clinging 'office' girl skirt and silk blouse top my heart goes bomm, boom!

I know immediately the mood she is in and what she wants of me - and I have my moods too, and I too show her by the way I perform - or the boxer shorts I wear with a g-string beneath in which she simply adores to fondle me, and that's just a start. 

I know she loves me to wiggle my bum for her, which I know will mean she will put on her rapturous strap-on attachment and give it to me to the full, like it is the masculine part of her coming through, and for me of course the feminine.

But it is all part of what Janice is all about and I love and adore her for it so very much.

As it is when she does her office girl stint, those horn rimmed spectacles doing everything.

She knows and wants for me to be laying on the bed facing up, she teases me to the hilt making me wait for the scent and taste of her as she so tantalisingly and slowly manoeuvres herself astride me, gradually crouching down and hovering her warm wetness inches over my face - then lowering, more close as eventually she arranges her skirt like a tent over my face until I begin to feel her presence with my lips, gently licking and devouring her gorgeous wetness there, sniffing the exclusive scent of woman, of my woman -to love and touch and enjoy in every way. I am like an animal as she moves her lovely round curves over my face, in a way which repeats and becomes more rapid as I enjoy her pussy lips with my tongue - and it is like I am eating my baby. 

And I sense her touch of me below and the whole world is now heaven. And for her she whispers, it is her 'seven of heaven' and the throb grows intense.

When I respond that it is now seven and a half of heaven she chuckles telling me that's because of her sexpert massage.

Like an animal my being thrives for it, the taste, the scent of prime pussy and the looking forward to its deep stimulating fuck. For that is what she will want more so by the time I have finished with her, and when eventually I come up for air and she jumps off me I can still taste her in my mouth and smell her on my face

She removes her wet thong with an eagerness that announces she wants me now- that she needs my fuck.

But before that, she announces boldly that she needs for me to feed her and already I feel the throb come strong in my cock, which is now so ripe and ready for her in every way - but for me to hold back and for her to enjoy is very important, for then she ties her thong around the root of my cock, tight enough to hold me back until she is good and ready - I know that, here is a girl who needs and wants all I can give her in so many ways, I want to snuggle, love, kiss and bond physically with her all at once, but to enjoy to the extreme - our special foreplay is vital.

Janice has done her Office Girl bit, maybe next time it will be the nurse or the Victorian kitchen maid with me the master - taking full advantage. She needs to be in her subservient mood to enjoy that - and me in my masterful mood.

Then how she likes for me to dress in my Canadian Mounty outfit, with my stirrup complete, just to stir her up a but, the touch of it stroking her breasts and her private place, a light slapping across that well presented hind, how she loved the fuck of a Canadian Mounty!

But for now ,still in her black skirt and sensual black hold-up net stockings she loves to suck cock , I have already felt and enjoyed her touch of me as I was down under inside her skirt, her touch that signalled the way she wanted me later, the way she ran her fingers teasingly along my zip and down to my inner thigh, kneading it like she was so enjoying, which I knew she was because of those wonderful throat sounds, the sounds of love coming through, like when she likes to hear my moans when she sucks and teases me with her fingers, running them along and down my full length - down to my balls and between, I gasp when she asks for me to feed her as she opens her mouth wide to take in the bulbous ripe red plum and tongue tease its so very sensitive p-hole. Driving me absoluitely crazy with lust.

I feel myself build as she sucks me so strongly, moving her head side to side, seeing her cheeks bulge as she goes to it like there was no tomorrow, then she pauses, examines me, gently squeezes my balls -she knows the signs, she will know when I am about to erupt like a volcano and deliver my cream for her pleasure.

"Just a little more wanking" I say feeling her find the right jerking posture as she holds it rigidly into her mouth wanking firmly and ready for the climax. Now her fingers eagerly release the tie and I feel my cock push out. In my mind then the time she first sucked me, when first she wet her small finger with her tongue, and massaged my p-hole so wonderfully.

I yell "now!" - she takes it in deep and sure and I feel that rapturous bursting sensation of tongue working cock and sucking up the cream she wants, and then the continued stiff wanking more over her face until she is smothered with my hot steaming cream, it is all so wonderfully intimate and perfect, for her to be wet with me and me with her, so perfectly intimate and sexually arousing.

"Baby, let us Fuck now?" I ask and just the expression, the murmuring says it all, she senses how I want it, she leans across the edge of the bed, a couple of pillows beneath to arouse me even more with that well presented gorgeous feminine ass just waiting for it, I feel her once more before I take her, she is beautifully warm and wet, just waiting for my presence inside, I give it to her, nice and slow at first then - feeling her throb squeeze me inside - I just have to go hard and firm, our heaven is complete, we fuck and fuck until we are there complete, her ass shaking - wanting more, I have enough left to taken her behind, she yells and shouts - she is loving it, another place and another deep fucking, then she has been well pleased each way which makes it even more perfect.

That's how I love my baby through and through, and it is always that way, full package is the byword, in every way.