 I pushed back the curtains and noticed a light on in the pit lane garages. In our garage. In a panic, I pulled my long winter coat over my nakedness and rammed my feet into trainers, running over to the garage. Nik was sitting on a pile of tyres, staring at the two cars. His overalls were unzipped, the arms tied around his waist over his white T-shirt.

'Oh, sorry,' I said as I recognised him. 'I just wanted to check who was over here.'

'Only me. Coffee?'

I nodded dumbly, watching as he peeled his body from his perch and turned on the machine. In the few minutes that we stood in silence, the smell of fresh coffee overtook that of petrol and rubber.

'So?' I asked, not really knowing what I meant but wanting to break the silence.

'It's a good car.'

'A winner?'

'It could be. There are a few immediate changes I think we could make, and quite a few developments.'

'Ben said that you broke your legs.'

He winced. I hadn't meant to be quite that blunt. 'Yes.'

'Any pain?'

'Not usually, no.'

'Good.'

'You don't want a driver who's a burden?'

'That's not what I meant.' He was looking at me warily. 'I just didn't want to think of you driving in pain.'

'Oh. Thanks.' He relaxed a little. 'Sorry. It's not been easy to get a drive since the accident.'

'What happened?'

'Nothing special. A car stalled on the grid, I braked to avoid it, the guy behind me didn't. It happens.' He poured me a coffee. 'Milk? Sugar?'

'Black, two sugars.' I reached out my hand for it and felt my coat sliding open. I hurriedly tucked it back around me. 

He ran his fingers through his hair. 'You don't have to stay, you'll get cold.'

I wasn't sure whether he'd noticed I was wearing nothing under the coat. 'I'll just drink this.'

'Couldn't sleep?' he asked.

'Bad dream. What about you?'

'My mind's too full.' He paused, looking, almost staring at me as though he was seeing me for the first time. 'Ben didn't tell me you were so attractive.'

I could feel my colour rising, smiled briefly and looked away. 'Thanks.'

'He did say you'd split up with your boyfriend.'

'Aha.'

'The man must be a fool.'

I looked at Nik curiously. Was he flirting with me? He turned away and bent to examine the front spoiler of his car. I followed the curve of his body, down the long slim back, round the curve of his bottom, the length of his legs. 'Look at this.' Mug still in hand, I bent down next to him. 'See there.' He pointed to the spoiler. 'I think we should re-examine this area. Make a few changes there and we could make, maybe, a tenth of a second a lap.'

'Really? But ...?'

'I studied engineering. While I was racing and then while I was laid up.'

'I see.' Carefully I straightened, my movement echoed by Nik.

'Can you hold this a minute,' he said, handing me his mug. Without thinking, I took it, my coat falling straight in front of my body. With a hand on either side, he pulled it open, his eyes drifting across my breasts and down over my body. 'Nice lines,' he said.

The situation was so ridiculous that I started to laugh, putting down the mugs and pulling my coat back around me.

'No, don't do that,' he said quietly, and took a step towards me. 

There was a pause as we regarded each other, the smile fading from my lips as he looked directly into my eyes. That was all he did. Look at me. The air was suddenly charged with sexual energy. I started to withdraw into my own body, to become acutely aware of the changes occurring in the absence of any movement. My breathing was slow but unsteady, my heart thumping heavily. I could feel my fingertips tingling, and then my breasts. Definitely my breasts. I parted my lips as my body prepared itself for ... what? Was anything going to happen? We'd barely spoken and he knew that I was naked. Not the usual course of events for a seductive encounter. But then, what did I know? I'd never been in this situation before. All my other relationships had gone the usual way of smiles and looks, offers of drinks, invitations for dinner and then, after the awkward coffee invitation, a natural progression. We seemed to have skipped most of the preliminaries and arrived straight at the coffee. Except my mug was now empty.

I wanted him, my body wanted him, but he did nothing. I wanted him to take me, to fuck me there, in the garage. For a moment, my emotions stalled. What was I thinking of? For God's sake, Cass, you've only known this guy two minutes. What I should do now was turn and walk away. Nik was dangerous. He was a driver in my team. This could, and probably would, be a huge mistake. Except that my body wouldn't move.

This wasn't me, this person here, standing naked except for my coat, my body pulsing with lust for someone I barely knew. God, I didn't know what to do. What if he rejected me? What if he turned away with a smile and sent me home. Alone. No. That wouldn't happen. Not the way he was looking at me. 

Slowly, very slowly, without breaking eye contact, he placed his hands on my shoulders and slipped the coat from them. I could feel the material slide over my skin, sensuous as a lover's touch over my back, my bottom, my legs. I realised I had been holding my breath and released it as a sigh. And then he leaned forward and began to kiss me, his tongue sliding along my lips before forcing its way between them. This was the only part of our bodies touching until the power of his kiss reached the rest of my body and I reached towards him. I grasped the tied sleeves of his overalls and used them to pull him towards me. His fingers barely touched my skin, the lightest of caresses along the tops of my arms. 

We must look ridiculous, I thought. Me totally naked with a coat around my ankles, him fully dressed in his racing overalls. Except that it didn't feel ridiculous. It felt wonderful and didn't know how much longer I could wait. 

I was trembling when I moved closer to him until my nipples just touched his jersey, stroking them against him with the tiniest of movements, my focus alternating between my mouth and my breasts. His fingers slid up to my neck, into my hair, pushing my face hard against his. His kisses were hard, powerful, insistent and I strained to push back against him. My fingers fumbled to untie the sleeves and then I pushed his overalls down over his shorts. Tentatively I slid my hand over his stomach, desperate for him to be aroused. I wasn't disappointed. His cock nudged my fingers as firmly as I'd hoped, straining against the cotton of his underwear. I ran down the length as he angled his body over mine, moulding the shape of his cock with my fingers, massaging it more upright in his shorts. 

His kisses were bending my neck back and I gave up the struggle to keep my balance. He slid his arm around my waist, leaning me against the bonnet of the car. The metal was icy under the skin of my back and I gasped. But it was deliciously cold, contrasting with the heat that was already burning in my breasts and between my legs. He took hold of my hands, raising them above my head, stretching my body, exposing me to him. I didn't care. This was what I wanted, to be exposed totally to him, naked in front of him. Completely under his control. 

He stood between my legs, easing my knees apart with his own, allowing the car to bend my body. His lips left mine and his tongue circled my nipple, at first only lightly, then he took it between his lips, sucking red-hot fire into the nerves, forcing me to arch towards him.

This isn't me, I thought. This isn't who I am. But I couldn't help it. I wanted to feel the burning, wanted to feel the heat of pain to counteract the iciness of the metal. But much more than that, I wanted to feel his heat inside me. I began to rub my groin against his, sliding back over the chill bonnet, spreading my legs wider. He responded, rubbing his cock against me so that I could feel his hardness against my pubis.

'Oh God, oh God,' I muttered as his lips transferred to the other breast, leaving the first hungry for attention. He retained his grip on my hands with one of his, and clamped the other firmly over my wanting breast, his fingers plucking at the nipple, teasing it, twisting it, pulling it. His cock was pressed firmly against me, grinding, pushing, its hardness damped by his clothing.

He dropped to his knees in front of me, trailing his hands over my breasts as he forced his tongue between my legs. I could feel it probing, my arms still stretched above my head, extending as his tongue found my clitoris and I moaned as he flicked his tongue against it. But I'd had enough foreplay. Foreplay was for lovemaking and this was just pure, raw sex. I wanted to feel him inside me, I wanted his cock hard within me, grinding and pumping. I wanted to be fucked until my body shook with pleasure. 

Suddenly he slowed, reducing the pace, his hands leaving my body and gently pushing apart my thighs. My breathing faltered. This was the exact opposite of what I really wanted, but I could do nothing about it. Slowly he circled my clitoris with his tongue, my body shocked by the change of pace and direction, almost exploding before focusing just on that one tiny spot. It was as if every nerve in my entire body emanated from my clitoris. He stabbed at it lightly with the tip of his tongue, his fingers still resting on the insides of my thighs. Darts of light fled through my nerves as he speared again, barely touching, but focused, oh so focused. 

I squeezed my eyelids together, waiting in anticipation for the next thrust which, when it came, I could feel at my fingertips and breasts. And then he pressed his tongue wetly against the swollen bud and began to strafe it, a constant meter that detonated my orgasm and sent iced fire through my nerves as I tried to keep completely motionless. I couldn't, bucking and thrusting against him, lifting my legs over his shoulders, forcing my groin against his face wantonly and obviously. His fingers grasped my hips, pulling me down onto him, his tongue lapping and licking, sucking at my wetness, drinking in my juices, his teeth catching at my swollen flesh as he nuzzled his face into my sex without hesitation. 

Christ, my orgasm sped through me like an express train, ripping emotions from me, tearing every feeling from me as I crushed his face against me with my legs. He had to support me, pushing me against the car as he devoured me, gulping and gorging and swallowing as I writhed and wriggled above him. And then his mouth left me and was replaced by the caress of icy air, leaving me gasping. I could hear him tearing at his overalls as his lips came down hard on mine, the taste of me strong on them, fuelling my orgasm. What I needed now was his hard cock inside me, fucking me fast and furiously.

The first thrust drove every breath of air from my body, leaving me floundering and desperate. The second fired my orgasm onto new heights, my hands grasping his hips, pulling him even harder onto me and into me. I couldn't believe how slow he pulsed. My body was raging for thrusts like a Geiger counter while he seemed determined to perform largo. He made each thrust distinct, decisive, powerful, forcing my body higher up the bonnet until my entire body was floating, secured to the earth only by his cock. 

His lips were still on mine, sloppily kneading them as his fingers dug into the flesh of my bottom, lifting me higher. It was with a finite sense of relief that he began to thrust faster, harder, higher, his body rubbing against mine, a sheen of sweat lubricating our bodies, his chest stimulating my breasts, rasping against the nipples. I couldn't speak, the only sounds I could utter were the gasps of pleasure with every thrust until he pushed himself back from me, his head lowered, and sped the last lingering lengths of his penis into me. I felt him come, exploding inside me, hot and potent, slowing and then pausing, supporting his body over mine.

We didn't move, I couldn't. We just watched, observing each other's features as though we'd never seen each other before. He leaned forward and landed one slow simple kiss on my lips before drawing back. He picked up my coat, wrapping it around me as I peeled myself from the bonnet of the car, legs unsteady.

'Come to bed,' I murmured.

'I'd better get back.'

'Nik ...?

He said nothing, just gave me a half smile, turning off the garage light and locking the door behind us. He walked me back to my motorhome, kissed me, then, without speaking, turned and disappeared into the darkness.