 This story is the property of the author. It is not to be changed in any way, nor published or shown at other web sites without the permission of the author. 

* * * * *

The taxi pulled over to the curb to let Victor out. He paid his fare and went into the multistory office building. The security guard notified Patty that her visitor was in the lobby. She told the guard to let Victor come to her office on the twentieth floor. Riding the elevator Victor mused that he hadn't seen Patty for nearly three years. After a very successful two years working for Victor, Patty had an job offer from one of her account clients that she couldn't refuse. A vice presidency at nearly triple her current salary, with all the perks of executive position. Victor had insisted that she accept the position because offers like that are few and far between. With Victors 'blessing' Patty accepted the job on the west coast. But Victor knew that he had really missed Patty all these three years, not as his assistant, but as his friend and even more.

Patty's secretary met Victor at the elevator and escorted him to Patty's office. "Ms Carnes will be back in a moment," she told him as she closed the door and left. Victor looked around the spacious office and was happy for Patty's obvious success. The windows looked out over downtown San Francisco with a magnificent view of the bay. There was no doubt in his mind that Patty had done the right thing in accepting this executive position. Victor sat in one of the plush leather armchairs to await Patty's return. He didn't have to wait long as the door opened and Patty walked in grinning from ear to ear.

"Victor," she cried, "How wonderful to see you." Patty embraced him tightly and kissed his cheek warmly. "What brings you to San Francisco?" she asked, as she sat in a chair opposite him.

"I came to California to visit a client in Sacramento and decided that I couldn't leave California without seeing you," he said, "Three years has been too long without seeing you," he added. Patty got up to give him another hug and kiss, pleased that he thought enough of her to make a special trip to see her. Victor looked at his former assistant and saw that she was still the full figured beauty that had worked with him three years ago. She carried herself with more decisiveness and determination, assured of her executive capacity. Victor was very happy for her.

"How long are you staying? You don't have to leave right away do you?" Patty asked.

"I planned to stay the weekend and do some sightseeing while I'm here," he replied. 

"You'll be my guest for the weekend beginning now, Vic," she told him. She went to her desk and pushed the intercom button for her secretary. "Martha, I'm leaving now for the weekend. If you need me call my cell phone," she told her secretary. She gathered her purse and went to a closet to get a small suitcase. "We are going to a little cabin I bought in the mountains, for the weekend…is that ok?" Victor grinned as he nodded in agreement, telling her his bag was in the lobby. Patty looked at him and kissed his lips passionately. "I've been waiting for this for three years, Victor," she whispered in his ear.

Patty's sleek Corvette roared onto the freeway and headed toward the Oakland Bay Bridge. They talked about business, the people at Victor's office and Patty's life in San Francisco as they headed toward the Sierra Nevada Mountains. Patty's little mountain retreat was near Yosemite Park, but far enough away from tourists that she could swim nude in the small lake behind her cabin. Patty drove up the winding mountain road with deliberate speed until, within three hours, she pulled into a small nearly hidden drive. In another twenty minutes, Patty pulled up to a log cabin, opened the garage door by remote control and drove into the two car garage. She turned off the engine and leaned over to kiss Victor again, sucking his tongue into her mouth.

They got out of the car and entered the cabin through the garage. Inside the cabin was well appointed with comfortable furniture in the main room, a fireplace, dining area, kitchen and stairs leading to two bedrooms upstairs. Patty decided to give Victor the fifty cent tour of the house. She showed him the kitchen with all the needed cooking utensils and a fully stocked freezer. She opened the freezer to remove two large filets and set them on a counter to thaw. The cabinets were stocked with canned goods and everything needed to facilitate a short stay. 

Near the stairs was a locked steel cabinet, finished to look like wood. Patty opened it to reveal that it was a gun cabinet with two rifles, one with a scope, two handguns and ammunition for all the weapons. "Can't be too careful isolated here in the mountains these days," Patty explained. "I've learned how to shoot them and can hit what I shoot at," she said with a smile. Victor wasn't surprised. He knew that when Patty made up her mind to learn and do something, she did it well. "I've never had to use them except when I practice, but I'm ready to use them if I have to," she added. "Get our bags and bring them upstairs to earn your keep," she joked as Victor carried the bags upstairs. 

The master bedroom was fabulous for a cabin. A king size bed, another fireplace, a large shower, and even larger bathtub. Patty opened the drapes to reveal a picture window wall overlooking the lake. "You can bathe with the drapes open and only the fish or a horny bear can see you naked," she grinned. "Leave your bag here in this bedroom, Victor. You'll have to fuck for food if you plan on staying here at my cabin," she teased him. He laughed as she led him through a door to peek at the other smaller bedroom, which was nicely furnished with its own shower and toilet. "You'll have to sleep there, if you displease me," she joked, "and if you piss me off, you can go sleep with the horny bear." 

Victor laughed again and looked at his big beautiful Patty with admiration. "Patty, you never cease to amaze me. How could I have been so lucky to have met you?" he asked. Patty smiled and kissed him again, pulling him toward her bed in the master bedroom. 

"Lucky or not, you better start earning your keep," Patty said as she began unbuttoning her shirt. Victor stepped to her and took over the pleasant chore of undressing her. Her shirt floated to the floor and he reached around to unhook her bra. The bra joined the shirt as Victor buried his face between Patty's firm and ample breasts. She sighed as he held a breast with each hand to rub them all over his face, kissing her nipples and licking the firm flesh of her tits. Patty brought her breasts together so the nipples touched. Holding her tits for Victor, he began to suckle both nipples at the same time as she gasped with desire.

His thumbs slid into her skirt at her sides. He hooked her pantyhose and panties at the same time and pulled skirt, pantyhose and panties down to her thighs. Her bush came quickly into view, as did her moist treasure nestled beneath her bush. Victor inhaled her scent deeply, recognizing her fragrance that he hadn't smelled for over three years. "God, you smell so good, Patty," he moaned as he kneeled to kiss her pussy while pulling her clothes to her ankles. Patty gasped as he nuzzled her bush and pussy as he expertly removed her skirt, pantyhose and panties from her feet. She twitched as he blew air on her clit as it stood begging for attention. Victor Kissed and flicked his tongue over her clit then stood up to undress himself. Patty immediately took over that task and quickly had him naked.

Patty kissed and licked his nipples, tugging on them with her teeth. Victor moaned and twitched as she bit his nipples slightly, before releasing them. "You like that, lover?" she asked as fondled his seven inch cock, squeezing it. Victor nodded, realizing that he had just enjoyed the discomfort of her quick bite on his nipples. Patty kneeled in front of his and grabbed his cock in one hand while fondling his balls with the other. She licked a large dollop of pre-cum from his cockhole and rubbed his cock all over her face moaning as she did. She licked his cockshaft down to his balls and slathered his balls with her tongue, pulling them into her mouth. 

Patty pushed his balls against the roof of her mouth with her tongue. She pressed them hard as Victor moaned with pleasure and some pain, but not enough to want her to stop. "Did that hurt, good?" she asked, releasing his balls from her mouth. Victor nodded yes again, eager for Patty to resume sucking his cock. Patty licked his cock from the base to his cockhead, pulling his foreskin down to slide her tongue along his sensitive glans. She took his cock deep into her throat and swallowed several times as though she would swallow his cock completely. Her throat squeezing his cockhead prevented him from cumming and nearly drove him crazy from the swallowing sensations on his cockhead.

Patty's nose was buried deep into Victor's bush when she bit his cock at its base. She didn't bite him hard enough to hurt, but just enough so that he knew she was biting his cock. Victor moaned in pleasure as she bit and nibbled his cock every quarter inch or so as she slowly worked her mouth up toward his cockhead. She gently closed her teeth behind his cockhead at the rim to hold it firm as her tongue slathered all about his cockhead. His thick clear pre-cum oozed heavily from his cockhole as Patty licked it into her mouth and swallowed it. "Ummmmm," she moaned as Victor rewarded her with more pre-cum, now laced with streaks of white semen.

Victor's legs were trembling as she sucked his cock. He tried to back away towards the bed to lie down, but Patty held his asscheeks fast, preventing it. Victor recalled how he had sucked Patty's cunt to orgasm as she stood, trying to find a place to lie down, when they first had sex. 'Turn about is fair play', he thought as Patty continued her relentless assault on his super sensitive cockhead. "Oh God, Patty," Vic groaned, "I need to cum sooo bad…please let me cum," he pleaded. Patty ignored him and continued to pillage his cock with her mouth as his legs threatened to betray him. Still holding him with her teeth behind his rim, Patty began to hurriedly lick the sensitive spot below his cockhead. 

She looked down his cockshaft to see his balls draw up tight in preparation for orgasm. Patty drove her lips tightly over his cock and took it into her mouth. Her warm mouth drove Victor over the edge and he grunted aloud as he exploded in a savage orgasm. He spewed his cum all over the inside of her mouth as Patty continued to slide her tongue hard over his sensitive cockhead. Victor blasted huge wads of thick frothy cum into Patty's eager mouth as she compelled him to 'suffer' through his orgasm as she licked his glans hard. He blasted out so many hard volleys of cum that his balls began to ache from the sheer convulsions they experienced while they pumped out his thick seed. Finally, Patty felt Victor slacken as his legs failed and he sank slowly to the floor, spent from cumming hard.

Patty lay next to him and kissed him deeply, pushing a mouthful of cum into his unsuspecting mouth. Victor accepted Patty's cum gift and swallowed as he returned the kiss. "I missed you, Vic," she told him as she licked and nibbled his nipples. "I'm glad you came to see me because you're the only one who will understand."

"What do you mean, Patty…understand what?" he asked regaining some of his composure from the fierce cum he just experienced.

"I've been learning some new things, Victor," she said, "but some of my friends are not ready for them yet." Victor looked quizzically at his lover and bent down to lick her nipple. "Have you ever spanked anyone, sexually?" she asked him. Victor looked incredulously at her with a questioning look on his face. "I don't mean hard, Vic…just for fun or something different," she said, "I've heard it's a great turn on." 

"Patty, you turn me on just as you are, without any special 'things' or unusual stuff," he replied.

"Oh yes, I know, lover, but I've been reading some stories on the Internet about people doing some kinky stuff. I've been thinking that I'd like to try it with someone who will stop if I'm not comfortable with it," she kissed him again and asked sweetly, "Will you do some kinky domination stuff to me, 'Master Victor'?" she asked. Victor grinned and kissed her as he got up from the floor and sat down on a straight chair near Patty's bed.

"Come here, slave girl," he commanded her. Patty got up to lie across his lap, trembling with anticipation and excitement. Victor placed her legs wide apart and spread her ample asscheeks. Her little rosebud was nestled between her asscheeks and Victor lightly rubbed it as Patty twitched and moaned excitedly. His cock hardened from the sheer thought of spanking Patty's lovely ass and it stuck up between her thighs. Victor laid his cock between her sopping wet cuntlips so that in lay in the cleft of her cunt against her clit. Patty moaned with delight as she felt his cock between her pussy lips. Victor raised his open hand high and paused to prolong the effect in Patty's mind then delivered a forceful stroke to her left asscheek.

Patty cried out, then sighed, "Again, Master, please." Victor watched her asscheek redden where his palm and fingers struck her lovely ass. He delivered another blow to her other asscheek as she groaned and whimpered, "More." He began to spank her in earnest, alternating asscheeks as he pummeled her lovely ass. She trembled and twitched with each blow, causing his cock to rub her pussy and her clit with each spank. Patty's ass was bright red and her juices were flowing heavily over Victor's thighs. She felt her pussy throbbing and moving unavoidably toward orgasm as the blows kept falling hard on her ass. "Oh my God, Victor, your cock feels sooo good against my clit!" she cried then erupted in a massive orgasm.

Victor's thighs were drenched as her cunt nectar soaked them completely. Patty came hard, her body shuddering as her pleasure consumed her. Victor stopped spanking her. Patty stood up, straddled his thighs and sat on his lap, driving his hard cock deep into her pussy. She began to fuck him as her burning asscheeks made her hotter than she had ever thought she could be by being spanked. She held on to him with one arm around his neck then reached to her breast with her other hand to bring her nipple to her mouth to suckle it. Victor bent to her chest to suck her other nipple into his mouth. As they fucked and sucked her tits, Patty released her nipple and began to lick the same nipple that Vic was licking, increasing Victor's turn on as they suckled the same nipple. 

Patty was frenzied by her need for sex after her spanking. She could not believe how hot her pussy felt and how delightful her spanking had been. Victor grasped her asscheeks and thrust hard into her as Patty continued to grind her cunt around his cock. Her pussy clenched and clasped his hard-on as though to squeeze the life from it as she plummeted toward orgasm again. "OH GOD! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" she screamed as she erupted in a sea of creamy cunt cum, drenching Victor's thighs again. She held him tight as her pussy spasmed hard, clutching at his cock with each cum spasm. Patty moaned and whimpered as she came hard, sweat pouring over her ample body. Victor kept thrusting into her even as she begged him to stop, but he ignored her, making her cum hard again.

Patty laid her head on his shoulder and breathed deeply, gasping for air. "So good…so good…so good," she repeated over and over while she tried desperately to recover. Victor held her, with his arms under hers, and her legs around his waist, locked together by her feet. He rose up lifting her, with his cock still buried deep within her, walked two or three steps to the bed and laid her body down. Her ass lay at the edge of the bed and her legs slipped from his waist to hang over the side. Victor placed her legs on his shoulders and drove his hard cock deep into her again. "Oh my God!" she screamed as he began to fuck her hard again. 

He grabbed her nipples with his thumbs and forefingers and pulled at them, twisting them as he pulled. Patty screamed in ecstasy as the hurt in her nipples instantly transformed to pleasure. Her pussy disgorged torrents of cunt nectar that drenched Victors' balls. He lifted her enough to slide a pillow under her ass and thrust deeper into her as she groaned with desire and lust. "Fuck me…FUCK ME!" she cried. Victor complied by driving as deep as he could, while continuing to twist her nipples. Her cunt clutched his cock as he thrust hard into her, her pussy drawing his foreskin back from his sensitive foreskin. Victors' cock throbbed as he felt his balls draw up tight and he exploded in a savage orgasm.

He blasted huge wads of thick white frothy cum deep into Patty's gripping cunt. Patty screamed as the hot cum bathed her pussy and she came hard too. Her cunt spasmed and squeezed his cock each time he blasted another hot cum volley into her quivering pussy. Victor continued to fuck her hard throughout both of their orgasms as they each gasped for air. His eyes rolled in their sockets from the ferocity of his orgasm. Patty's eyes were closed and she groaned each time her pussy clutched his still hard cock. Finally, Vic's cock ceased cumming and she felt it rapidly becoming flaccid. She involuntarily clutched it again and his cock slipped out of her pussy as Vic fell onto her heaving chest.

They lay there struggling to breathe, trying to regain their senses. Patty felt his warm cum slowly seeping from her still spasming pussy. Their bodies were covered with sweat, as they lay gasping for air, unable to move. Patty eyes were tightly shut and she seemed to drift off, her mind reeling from the multiple debilitating orgasms she experienced. Victor had also cum hard twice and could not muster the strength to move either. Patty smiled and slowly slipped off to sleep still breathing hard. Victor's senses began to revive. He lifted his upper body enough to lick Patty's swollen nipples to soothe them from the severe twisting and pulling. Patty moaned in her sleep as he brought her nipples together and suckled them both at the same time. Releasing her nipples from his mouth, Victor realized that Patty had fallen into a very deep slumber, worn out from the hard orgasms she had enjoyed.

Victor gently lifted his body from Patty's and sat at the edge of the bed. He looked around Patty's bedroom and got up to go to the bathroom. Victor relieved himself then washed his hands. He looked for a towel, but the towel rack was bare. Searching for a towel, he opened a drawer in the cabinet to discover a pair of padded handcuffs. Victor found a towel next to the handcuffs. When he lifted it to dry his hands he saw several other 'kinky' toys under the towel. More handcuffs, leather restraints, a leather strap with a big dildo for a handle, clothes pins, string and an unopened package containing nipple clamps joined by a short chain.

"I haven't tried anything except the dildo," Patty said. Victor spun around to see her standing in the bathroom doorway. He tried to explain that he was searching for a towel and wasn't snooping, but Patty moved to him and placed her finger gently on his lips to stop him from talking. "I know that you weren't snooping, Vic," she said quietly, "you just found the 'toys' that I bought, hoping that I could find someone to play with, that I could trust," she continued. She looked up at Victor with desire shining in her big brown eyes. Patty kissed Victor passionately then whispered, "Dominate me, Victor, please."

Victor looked deep into Patty's eyes and sensed how truly Patty wanted to submit to him. He watched as Patty kneeled down in front of him to gaze at the floor awaiting his pleasure. Victor opened the nipple clamps package and placed the short chain with clamps on either end over her shoulder. "Stand up, slave," he commanded her. Patty gasped and slowly stood up, still looking at the floor. Victor was unsure of what he would do next, but he remembered some BDSM stories he had read and decided to mimic the characters in the story. He reached out, grasped her nipples again to roll and gently tug at them as Patty moaned softly. 
