 1

Ki made his way through the door and across the hall. He stopped at the foot of the stairs, to gaze up the flight, and wondered what would happen to him before the night was through. He knew where he had to go. The instructions had been sent to his phone:

"Address 9 Elwood drive.,

Room key under the fern pot,

Go up the stairs,

Turn at the first right,

Second room on the left,

Further instructions taped on the door. "

He made his way as directed and read the attached note.

"Ki, Glad you decided to join me, let's see if tonight will leave you disappointed; as I assure you, once we're done, I WON'T be. Enter, strip to your underwear, and leave your clothes on the desk by the window. Lie in the center of the bed, put on the blindfold that's on the pillow, place your hands by your sides, and wait."

He took a deep breath and entered. The room was dimly lit. The main source of light was a lamp sitting on a desk placed at the far end of the room. The other was a lava lamp set on top of some small drawers to his left, near the head of the bed. After closing the door behind him, he did as he was told, following her commands.

He undressed quickly, or tried to. He was nervous, and his fingers twittered about as he grappled with each item of clothing. But he managed to strip to his underwear with a minimal of mistakes. He put all his clothing on the desk, and went over to the bed. After blindfolding himself as ordered, he lie down in the center, and began to wait.

As he lay on the soft duvet in complete blinded darkness, his senses started to heighten with the sound of atmospheric silence buzzing in his ears, and he became aware of the subtle smell of lavender and spice in the air. Although the room was warm, his skin tingled as if a slight breeze had floated across his body. Just then, he heard faint footsteps coming up the stairs. The door handle creaked, and then... nothing. For what seemed like an age, Ki's mind raced, Is that Alice...what's going on.. Why isn't she saying anything? Is she even here,.. Or did I imagine that sound. He tried to concentrate on staying calm and controlling his nerves. Finally, a familiar voice spoke.

"Well, hello gorgeous", said Alice with a hint of a smile in her voice. "I'm just taking in the moment. It's not every day I get a semi naked man lying on the bed at my whim." She started to laugh. "I was sitting in my car when you got here, and it was so tempting to follow you in. But I had to resist and wait to start the game right. It was a turn on and a half knowing you were in here...now what to do first." She walked up to the side of the bed, taking in the view of Ki's still body, and leaned in close to whisper in his ear, "I'm going to tie your arms and legs down. So I want you to spread your legs and raise your hands above your head". He did so without a word, and Alice went to each corner of the bed producing from underneath buckled leather straps, and secured each of his limbs until he was spread-eagled and unable to move.

Alice found herself stood by his outstretched left arm and leaning forward slowly, softly dragged her nails down from wrist to bicep, down the side of his torso. He began to twitch slightly, sharply inhaling as her nails drifted to the inside of his thigh and down the inside of his leg. "Excellent" she breathed, whispering to herself. With that, she took away her hand. Ki could hear her footsteps moving away from the bed. "I'm just going to change into something more a little more...nakedly comfortable", she said from the doorway. And then she was gone, the door closed. Silence once again filled the room, leaving Ki with his mind swimming.

2

"Well, I think you know most of the folks here mate", Kerry said to Ki as they entered the bar. It'd been four months since he'd been out, especially on a social level, and cabin fever had set in. The place was fairly busy, so he followed Kerry to the bar in a daze as the noise of cheerful banter filled his ears. They got their beers and moved to the back of the room, to a big round table surrounded by familiar faces, all except for two. They sat close to the couple, and Kerry made introductions. "Howdy peeps, Ki this is Alice. And who is this you have with you?" she said with a cheeky smile, looking at the stranger.

"Kerry, this is Steve, the bloke I was telling you about last week". Steve looked as nervous as I had when I first walked in as he nodded and said hi. For the next hour, Alice and Kerry steered the conversation to past humorous drunken exploits, getting Ki and Steve involved in the "Have you ever..." and "What's the worst... " type of chat that breaks the ice of any social night.

For the next few Fridays, the four met up with the "usual crew" for drinks at the bar, with Kerry not so subtly taking Steve "to play pool or something", leaving Ki and Alice with each other for company.

"So Ki...that's an odd name. Are your folks foreign?"

Ki laughed a little, as this was not the first time someone had asked him that, "My parents are hippy types, and like to travel a lot. I was conceived in Korea, and they liked the name Ki. Apparently it means 'Vigor'!"

"That's cool" Alice replied looking thoughtful, and then burst out laughing "Alice means 'eat me, drink me'!"

"Well, your mate and Kez seem to be getting on well, eh?"Ki said, taking a sip of his pint.

Alice looked at him with a sly grin. "That was the point, though, wasn't it. I find her someone nice to play with, and she finds a way for me to meet you. She's told me all about your past with her, how you two were good friends with... How do I put it... benefits. And, as well as being a good laugh and all, she let me in on your little games. I wanted to find out if it was all just exaggerated banter!" Alice laughed as Ki choked on his lager.

"She what! Well, now, I don't know WHAT to say to that!" he replied through a coughing chortle "You're cool, and definitely hot looking, but I hardly know you". His reply met with a long chug on her drink and a flirtatiously wicked glance.

When she lowered her drink, she asked, "But is it true, though. That under that well-mannered, handsome exterior there's a filthy mind? And if so, are we acquainted enough to explore it? Because I reckon that I'd give you a run for your money." The spark in her eyes was intoxicating.

"Well, if nothing else you're not backward in coming forward." He sarcastically replied, giving Kerry a sideways glance, who responded in turn with the huge beaming grin of someone who was fully aware that the scheme she set up for her friend and Ki had gathered momentum.

3

The sound of footsteps in the room made his thoughts snap back to reality, along with the feeling of helplessness and blind anticipation. "I think, as this is the first time, we should talk freely so we can get the best out of this, " Alice inquired leaning against the desk, again taking in the view of her submissive playmate.

"Sounds good, " Ki said, with a slight sound of relief in his voice.

"That's not to say the rules have changed though. You're mine for the night to enjoy, and you will do as I say. You may request, or express desire to partake in or refrain from, some of the things we do, but the decision lies with me." The dominating half of the twosome moved to the side of the bed by Ki's head and leant in close, "All that aside, I've got to say you look fucking gorgeous, let's try and shake each other's foundations shall we?"

She stroked her finger tips down the side of his face and pressed her lips onto his. Slowly pulling away, she paused for a moment, still feeling the kiss on her mouth. That was sooo good she thought to herself, I've wanted this for a while, and finally I get to have this man, to pleasure me, to pleasure him, he tastes great! She moved in again, and this time lingered, mouths fused. She gently ran her tongue round the inside of his lips, his tongue met with hers and entwined in a ballet of lust that made their hearts pound. Alice pulled away again and, positioning herself next to him, knelt on the bed.

"That's one check off my list of things that your good at, " she said, making Ki smile and turn his head towards the direction of her voice.

"Does that mean I get another go then?"

"All in good time. There's no rush. "

Alice got up and moved to the foot of the bed where she climbed on, kneeling between his splayed legs. She began to crawl up Ki's body kissing and nibbling at the inside of his legs to his thighs, stopping for a moment at his trunks. She gave a little tug with her teeth on the leg hem then moved to the bulge where she closed her teeth around it, and gave it a gentle squeeze. Ki jerked slightly and gave an involuntary inhale that made Alice chuckle to herself.

She continued kissing up his torso, from his naval to his chest, making sure her breasts dragged hard over his crotch and naked body. She took her time swirling her tongue around his nipples, giving them an occasional nip to make them stiffen, all the while finding pleasure in watching how his facial expressions changed in response to her actions.

Alice slid up further, sat astride his stomach, and placed her hands on his chest. "I want you to raise your head forward and stick out your tongue". When Ki did as he was told, she placed a hand behind his head, leant forward, and brushed a breast across his open mouth and tongue. "Suck them," she demanded, and pulled him into her chest.

Ki blindly sucked and lapped at her breast, but not for long. He used his tongue to find her nipple, using the tip to lick circles around her areola, before lightly biting the nipple to make her squeal. With each tug of his teeth, she let out a small squeak and her nipples hardened.

"Hmmm goood" she said, as she pushed his head back into the pillow. "That was just a warm up. Let's see what else your mouth is good at!"

Alice grabbed the bars at the head of the bed, and pulled herself forward so she knelt over Ki's face. She brushed her mound over his lips. "Taste me, eat me". He kissed her firmly and parted her labia with his tongue, guiding it up and pushing hard on her clit. He teased her nub, lapping and flicking it, then sucking it with force making Alice breath heavy and grind into his mouth, slowly gyrating and fucking his jaw, using his rhythmic tonguing to her full advantage.

His cunnilingual symphony intensified, inhaling her labia. With Ki's tongue darting and lashing deep inside of her, she groaned loudly, writhing her soaking pussy over his face. Then Ki went for the kill, as Alice's legs started to crush his temples; she grasped at his hair and with a shudder and gasp gave the mouth beneath her a full taste of climactic ecstasy.

She eased back of his head, his heavy breath on her wet lips sending a tingle through her quaking thighs. Slowly maneuvering off Ki's body she rose from the bed turning to look at him, his face glistening with her orgasm. Goddamn that boy's talented, Kerry was so right! She thought, tonight is going to be REAL pleasurable!

"Well that hit the spot, you've got skills...What shall we do next?"

"I want to see you," Ki said licking her taste from his lips

"I'd say you've earned a glance." And the blindfold came off.

4

Ki's eyes gradually focused to the dim light, and the back of Alice's beautiful curvy nakedness slowly came into view as she walked away from him stopping at the foot of the bed. She turned to reveal what he had been given to feast on, "You like what you see?" she said, biting her lip in that flirtatious manner that always made his libido stir.

"Oh yeah. You definitely look as good as you taste. "

Alice beamed and stroked her hands down her body as she went to the desk and produced a pair of scissors from the drawer. "I'm going to have a look at what else you've got to offer." She pointed to the bulge that was straining the material tight in his trunks, and proceeded to gracefully walk back to the bed and get on kneeling at his crotch. Sliding the steel up his inner thigh Alice began to carefully snip up the legs of his underwear, cutting them in half and with one forcible tug removed and discarded them.

"Well hello... I'm impressed. " Ki raised his head to watch as Alice knelt between his legs and stroked down his stiff cock and around his balls. She gave him a wink and gripped the base of his shaft, tilting it up away from his body to better view its upright length. Her eyes stayed fixed with his as she leant over arching her neck back and licked up its length to the tip of his cock.

"You've had visions of this haven't you?" she asked with a smile, thinking back briefly on all the times she had brought herself off to multiple orgasms while picturing tonight's events with this captive man. With the dreamt image of her actions in her mind for comparison, she sank her mouth over his cock taking it in to the hilt. God damn! His thickness felt good straining in her mouth and throat. Alice gripped it tight with her lips as she slowly withdrew again, releasing the head with a pop. Watching his face, to reap pleasure from his impending reactions, she began masturbating him. Slowly at first, pulling his foreskin back tight with a down stroke, making his cock twitch in her hand. Ki started to moan when the strokes quickened. His hips bucked as Alice alternated between her expert hand technique and firm oral teasing to make his mind swim with pleasure.

Sensing her work was doing its job successfully, Alice stopped teasing her helpless toy, and got up off the bed. "I'm sorry, I was enjoying that so much I got carried away" she chuckled. "We don't want you to get too excited before I've had my full satisfaction from you, do we?"

Ki moaned in protest, his arms and legs straining slightly in their bound state, his cock still twitching from the influence of Alice's masturbatory persuasion. "I think I'll let you cool down for a minute... but I will let you watch!" She moved over to a chair near the desk that was facing the bed and sat down. After a quick glance at Ki, she knew he had a clear view of her. She leaned back, closed her eyes, and began to pleasure herself.

Using her fore and third fingers, she eased her lips apart and slid her middle finger up between them, rubbing and flicking her clit before sliding it deep inside herself.

Ki watched intently as she began to alternate between firm finger fucking and clitoral stimulation, over and over, with one then two digits. Alice quickly became aware that her actions, along with their exploits so far, made it very easy for her to get re-worked up and reach climax ... and she really wanted to give Ki a show. One complete with heavy breathing, shudders and all.. And she was already becoming wet again! So she slowed her tempo and tried to make her mind wander.

5

The bar was quiet for a Thursday. Which was good, Alice thought, it meant her drink with Ki, and the proposition she was going to put to him, could be conducted without shouting over a pub full of noise and bustle. Their last couple of nights out had gone swimmingly, with a satisfying amount of flirting and fun sexual tension from both parties (her initial, less than subtle, let's-get-it-on chat hadn't scared him off, quite the reverse in fact). So tonight, she was going to push the envelope...Literally.

Ki was already there, manning what had become "their table". As she approached, he stood and gave her a friendly hug, while she kissed him on the cheek. After the usual "how's it going" and "you're looking good tonight", to which she jokingly replied "I see you didn't make an effort", they played some pool, best of three, and she kicked his ass, two to one (she loved the thought of dominating him, even at pub sports!).

After re-filling at the bar they sat down for a chat. In Alice's mind it was the perfect time to spring her idea on Ki, but it was he who brought the subject up first. "So, have you and Kerry been plotting any more lately on how to use and abuse me and my so called "filthy mind" then?" He laughed, as for once Alice was taken aback and her face showed it!

"Well that would be telling!" She said with a sly grin. "No. But I have been thinking about you and the info she relayed to me, and I do think I've come up with a fun little proposition for you, if that's your game?"

"Go on then, what have you got in mind?" Ki was VERY curious, and Alice had his full attention.

"Well...I still very much want to explore your talents, and I'm MORE than willing to show you mine, so I have these." She reached in her bag, removed two matching black envelopes, and laid them on the table. "Inside of both is a piece of paper. One has your name on it and one has mine. Whosever name you pick has the opportunity to organize a private night, just the two of us, and be totally in charge of the proceedings. Also, with the other person's consent, they'll be able to do whatever they want with and to them. Of course, I'm talking about sex. So no taking me out just for a meal and a pint!" she said, laughing before taking a huge gulp of her drink and waiting for a response from Ki, who looked at her thoughtfully albeit with a slightly wicked smile.

"If I pick my name, doesn't that mean you'll lose out on whatever you've obviously been planning to do to me, though?"

"Ah! I'm glad you asked, because its win-win. We both get a turn anyway, it's just a matter of who goes first! It also gives security, because I wouldn't want to do anything horrific to you knowing full well that you'd be the one in charge next and have the opportunity to get me back as it were. We can also have a safety word, so we can stop something were not comfy with, without offending the other!" She looked at him, beaming and smug "Well?"

Ki chortled and shook his head, "I see you've thought of everything...let me get us another drink while I think about it." With that, he kissed her on the cheek and went to the bar.

Alice sat staring at Ki trying to read him, to get an inkling of what he may be thinking. Well that was definitely a balls out moment. I bet he's loving the tension of keeping me waiting, she thought as she watched him return. But all he did was set the drinks down, glancing at her briefly, and give her an innocent smile.

The silence between them was deafening as they looked at each other. Alice's expression of nervous anticipation was met by the blank gaze of Ki, who after a few moments burst forth with a huge smile and hearty laugh. "I'm in! Sorry, I couldn't resist keeping you hanging, especially after all the plotting between you and Kerry, now we're even!"

The relief of Alice's plan not blowing up in her face was almost overwhelming and she punched him in the arm and grinned "you shit! I thought you were about to tell me to fuck off, and not want to see me again, you sly git!"

"What! And spoil what we've got going, not a chance. C'mon let's see these envelopes then." Ki picked them off the table and shuffled them in his hands. He kept one and placed the other back down. Opening the envelope in his hand, and looking inside, he chuckled, "Nice one... Well sweetheart, you win. You're in charge first, what happens now?"

"We pick two dates, say this Saturday and next if that's ok with you?" He nodded in agreement. "Good. That'll give us the Sundays to relax after. We'll send instructions to each other's phone: time, place, etc. And then we have some fun! And just to show you I didn't cheat, I'll open the other envelope." As was her word, she removed a piece of paper with Ki's name on it.

"What's the safety word gonna be? I've got a feeling I'm going to need it!" he said slyly and sipped his pint.

"That's easy!" Alice chortled, "Kerry!"

Ki laughed and choked into his drink, covering his own face in beer. "Fair enough...very poignant!" he replied in a fit of giggles and wiped the frothing mess off himself with a sleeve.
