 "May I help you, sir?" the attractive young salesgirl asks while you scan the display of night gowns that are marked at twenty percent off. 

"Uh, yes, maybe," you reply while feeling the material on one of the gowns. 

"Is it a present for your wife?" the lady asks. 

"Yes," you reply, "it's our anniversary and I just thought that maybe she might like something like this." 

The saleslady, who introduces herself as Chloe, answers quickly, "These might be a little on the old side for someone her age. Follow me and I'll show you something a little more appropriate." 

Just grateful that you don't have to say anymore, you follow Chloe to the rear portion of the store where she stops before a large selection of short night gowns. 

I think that these might be a little more to her liking, "Chloe offers. "Can you tell me what size she wears?" 

Now growing a little flummoxed, you turn a little red and replied, "Well, uh, I think she's about your size, but her, you know, her breasts are maybe a little bigger..." 

Leaning closer to you so that no one else can hear her, Chloe asks in a husky voice, "Does she like getting them sucked? I absolutely love it!" 

Your ears actually burn at the sound of such an intimate question, but incredibly you hear yourself reply softly, "She loves having them sucked, and she has big pink nipples." 

As you are the only ones in the rear of the store and are pretty much hidden from anyone in front, Chloe, after checking to see if anyone is watching, quickly unbuttons her blouse and says in a raspy voice, "Do you like my bra, I think my breasts look beautiful in it, don't you?" 

"Holy smokes," you think to yourself as you stare at one of the most perfect set of boobs you have ever seen. What is she trying to do to you? 

"I feel hurt," she says in a small voice. "You don't like them, do you?" 

Regaining a little courage, you offer, "Oh, no, they're very nice, I was just a little stunned that's all, after all I don't even know you." 

"Do you mean to say that women other that your wife, that you know, expose their breasts to you?" she asks playfully. 

"Of course not," you whisper loudly, "I just meant that this is a pretty strange situation." 

She slides her hands up and casually unhooks the front clasp which allows her boobs to bounce free in front of you, causing you to almost have a heart attack. 

"My, my," she coos softly, "I think my customer likes my big boobs!" 

Looking again to make sure that the coast is still clear, Chloe takes your trembling hands and places them directly on her chest and whispers, "How do they feel? Your hands feel very strong." 

Although your wife's breasts were a little bigger, you have to admit that Chloe has the most perfect breasts you have ever felt/ 

"Please then," she fairly begs, "suck my nipples for me, I really need it badly!" 

Her nipples have all of a sudden sprung to life, and after glancing around to make sure no one is watching, you let your mouth drop to her waiting nipple, whereupon you let it slip between your lips and suck it in. 

"Oh, myyyyyyyyy," she sighs, "you do that so well, you must get a lot of practice at home!" 

As you lick and suck on Chloe's distended nipples, you are wondering to yourself what in the hell you have gotten into here. After all, you have never been unfaithful to your wife, but this is so sudden and unexpected that you haven't really had any time to think about what you are doing. 

Suddenly you hear a voice behind you. "My, my, this certainly is a full service establishment, do you think I could get some of the same?" 

Even though it is a soft feminine voice, it feels more like a swift kick in the gut that makes you spring up in embarrassment saying, "We were, I mean, we were just, you know, just..." 

As Chloe casually slips her boobs back into her bra the older lady asks again, "So, how do I go about getting some of that?" 

"I'm sorry ma'am," Chloe replies smoothly, "he's just a customer and not an employee of the store." 

"Well I'm sorry too," she replies, "but if I don't get my cunt sucked and quick, I'm gonna complain to management about you two, and while nothing will happen to him, I'm pretty damn sure you'll get your cute little arse fired!" 

Chloe looks helplessly at you and with pleading eyes whispered, "Please help, if you don't suck her I'll lose my job!" 

You give the older woman a quick once over and, while not believing the pickle you've found yourself in, you shrug your shoulders and said, "Sure, why not, but we have to make it fast, 'cause I'm late for an appointment." 

Chloe leads you and the woman to a dressing room in the back corner of the store and while closing the door behind you says, "Make it snappy, my boss could show up at any moment!" 

When you and the woman are finally alone she says, "My name's Donna, what's yours?" 

"Uh, Dave," you reply. 

"Well, Dave," she says while hiking up her dress and pulling down her panties, "It's been a long time since I've been sucked by a man as young as you, and if memory serves me correctly, you young ones have great deal of stamina!" 

You stand motionless as she speaks, but once she sits down on the bench with her legs spread wide leaving her hairy muffy open and available, you quickly drop to your knees and begin sucking her dripping mound. 

"Oh, my," she sighs, "I just love having a man sucking my pussy, it's so fucking relaxing to just lean back and have your clit sucked!" 

While Donna isn't the most attractive woman you have ever laid eyes on, your cock has definite ideas of its own on what is erotic, and unfortunately for you, eating the pussy of a strange older woman in the dressing room of a lingerie store just happens to be very erotic indeed, as is indicated by the massive hardon that has sprung to life in your shorts. 

"Oh, baby," she coos softly, "Mama can see her big stud boy has a big boner, stand up and show her what you got, mama wants to taste it for herself!" 

You pull your head out of her muff and offer, "Ya know, I don't think that that's such a good idea, in fact I think we've done quite enough already." 

"Ya do, do you," she says evilly. "We'll be finished when I say we're finished, now stand the fuck up and show me your fucking cock, do you fucking understand me?" 

The harshness of her voice startles you, and not wanting her to create a scene, you stand up and let her open your pants and extract your pulsating pecker. 

"Oooooo," she moans, "you've got a full deck here, don't ya? I'll bet the little woman can't get enough this pork, can she?" 

You are pretty sure that Donna was asking a rhetorical question, so you don't bother answering, but instead stand quietly while she inhales your pecker and proceeds to suck you off. 

The male erection is a funny thing, not funny haha, but funny strange in that even though you don't want to be there, don't want this strange woman sucking your cock, and in general would rather be at the dentist getting a root canal, (well maybe not a root canal, but for sure a good cleaning!), it is strange in that you are as fucking hard as a rock and now in dire need of a good hard ejaculation. 

Donna doesn't look like a sex pot, but if you have ever had a better suck you can't remember when, so when you feel your nut bag beginning to tighten, you know that it will be only a few moments wait until you fill the her mouth with a hot load of cum. 

You can feel the tell-tale rumblings at the base of your pecker, when out of the blue, Donna drops your dick from her mouth, stands up, turns around and bends over with her legs spread. "Okay stud, shove it into mama's pussy and show her what a big fucking stud you really are!" she orders in a husky voice. 

Her hairy cunt is like an irresistible attraction to your cock, so forgetting about your wife and your wedding vows, you line up your cock and, with one vicious thrust, ram your manhood all the way to the hilt into Donna's hot little fuck hole. 

"Aieeeeeeee," she screams as you bottom out, not quite ready to be assaulted in such a brutal fashion, and to keep her from drawing any more attention than already has, you quickly reach around her and cover her mouth and whisper hoarsely, "Shut your fucking mouth, you old cunt and I'll give you the fucking of your life, got it?" 

She nods fiercely, so you slowly uncover her mouth and set off to give her the most incredible fucking she has ever experienced. Now, in much more hushed tones, she moans and begs, "P-please fuck me harder, oh god, you fuck good, I just love your fucking pecker, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, I'm fucking cumming so fucking hard!" 

Now lost in your own fantasy, your arse has become a jack hammer as you pound away on her helpless pussy, driving you both past the point of no return and hurtling you both onto the jagged rocks of orgasmic pleasure. 

Outside of the dressing room door Chloe whispers loudly, "What's going on in there, hurry it up, there are people waiting to try things on!" 

A few seconds later you and Donna saunter out of the dressing room while three or four women stand open mouthed as the aroma of fresh sex hits their nostrils. 

Donna nods to the women and Chloe says sweetly, "Like the sign says, we're a full service establishment!"