 The story below is a true account of an sexual experience someone shared with me. With her permission, turned it into a story for this site. I wanted to thank her (she knows who she is) for inspiring me to write this piece. Thank you for reading it. Your feedback is appreciated and makes this all worthwhile. Please do not forget to vote.

******* 

I am a cultural anthropologist. I study various cultures, their customs, belief systems, and what makes them unique or similar to other cultures. 

One similarity that I have found in most (if not all) of the cultures I have researched is how human sexuality is regarded, practiced, and talked about. Most cultures hold up certain sexual lifestyles as taboo. These taboos vary and cultures with differing taboos tend to clash, mostly behind the veil of religion and morality - which the cultures maintain. 

In looking at human sexuality versus cultural taboos, I have found that regardless of culture, we are all similar sexual human beings...with the same underlying needs and desires. Many people may appear to uphold and maintain the cultural taboos, yet privately either give in to their deepest desires - or at least fantasize about them. Bucking our own cultural taboos does not make us immoral, nor does it mean that we are turning our backs on our individual cultures. It does mean that we are being true to ourselves and wish to explore our deepest desires.

With that in mind, I have set out to explore the sexual experiences of everyday people with ordinary lives from a variety of cultures. I want to explore "real" sexuality, not the kind of sex that could only happen in a pornographic film. 

My first interview was with a woman from India. She is happily married, yet enjoys exploring her bi-sexual side with a close female friend. The following is her true account of and erotic encounter that she had while on a holiday at a resort. Her husband had some business to attend to, leaving her alone to play. Of course her name has been changed to protect her privacy.

Leyla's Story

My husband and I traveled to a popular resort in India. It was a four-star hotel with all the amenities, including a spa. Unfortunately for me, my husband had some business meetings to attend while we were at the resort. This left me alone to find ways in which to amuse myself, or I could have joined some of the other spouses for some planned activities. I am not one for idol chatting with people I do not know, so I decided to have a nice lunch (alone), a few drinks and then possibly sit and read by the pool.

I sat at my table and ordered another drink, feeling a little down that my husband could not join me. What was the point in being in this luxurious retreat without being able to share the experience with anyone? My waiter must have sensed my tension and frustration. He suggested that he take me over to the spa and set up an appointment for a head and neck massage. The suggestion sounded like a good one, and I thought that it would at least use up some time that day.

I followed him toward the spa. When we got there, I was a little disappointed when we found out that the female massage therapist had no openings in her schedule for a few hours. I was about to leave, when my waiter offered to give me a massage instead. I had not had another man (other than my husband) touch my body, so I was reluctant to accept his offer. I guess it was because of the drinks I had at lunch, but my inhibitions were a little lower than usual. I began to think that the experience might be fun.

He took me to a room and asked me to remove my dress and put on a gown. He then left the room. Keeping my bra and panties on, I put on the gown. He soon returned, dimmed the lights, put on soft instrumental music, and had me sit on a stool. He then poured some scented oils on my head and started massaging slowly. First he rubbed them into my hair and then my head (he was standing behind me). This continued for some time, and then his hands moved down to my neck and massaged it for what seemed like an eternity. 

We talked about general things – like where he/I came from, the weather etc. Then he started kneading my shoulders slowly – all of this was making me relaxed and was feeling wonderful. He then changed position and moved so that he was in front of me. He began to massage my head from the front, moving to my forehead. By this time he was very close to me and I could see the bulge in his shorts - it was so close that I was having difficulty resisting the urge to reach out and touch it. His hands moved to my shoulders, using the oil liberally. Since I still had my bra on, the strap was getting in the way. He suggested that I should remove or it would get stained from the oils. He left the room briefly to retrieve more. I removed my bra, but put the gown back on and waited for him to return. When he did, he then suggested that I lie down on the massage table so that he could give me a good back rub. I was unsure of what to do... my close friend, Preet, had similar encounters and had told me about then and she had ended having sex with the massage therapist. She always wanted me to have similar experience and was encouraging me to try. So I decided to see how things would play out.

He asked me to remove the gown and lie on my stomach – he held a big towel in front of him and after I lay down, he covered me with it. Then he removed the top half and started massaging my back in a slow motion – then he moved to my hands and sides, using oil liberally. It was felt wonderful. Next he started with my toes and legs, massaging them until he reached my knees. By this time, I was getting exited and was thinking about what he would do next.

He then removed the towel completely and suggested that I should remove my panties, as the oil might stain them. Before I could say anything, he was slowly removing them. Then he began to knead my bums and thighs, spreading my legs slightly. He poured oil liberally I could feel the oil trickling between my crack. It ran down and trickled along the slit of my pussy. He used his hands to pinch and massage my bums and slowly was inserting his oily finger into my crack and I knew he was trying to touch my anus. I was getting very exited and could feel the heat in my breasts and nipples and was getting wet in my pussy. This continued for some time

Then he asked me turn over. By this time I had decided to let whatever he would want to do to me happen. After I turned over, he casually said that he would not cover me since I had oil all over me. I did not say anything, deciding to see where this would lead. I could see him looking at my nipples and also my pussy. I was looking at the big bulge in his shorts. I knew that he was also getting exited. He then started with my shoulders and then moved down to my breasts. I knew what he would do next. He took a generous amount of oil and stated massaging my left breast – first from bottom to top and then back again. By this time my nipples were erect. I have long, thick nipples and he started kneading them between his fingers slowly. It was wonderful. I just closed my eyes and started enjoying. He began with both hands - cupping my breasts from the bottom and taking it to top. It was so erotic to have this stranger fondling my swelling breasts and playing with my erect nipples. It felt like the sensations were sending signals from my breasts down to my swelling pussy. He told me not to talk and just enjoy the feeling. This made me exited and the juices began to flow in my pussy. He was making me almost cum. I told him stop for a while, as I could not control. He stopped for a while and let me relax.

Then he started again with my legs – quickly he came up to my thighs, massaging them and slowly opening my legs. I am sure that could see my juices flowing. I had completely shaven my pussy a few days earlier and was quite smooth down there. He poured some oil on my stomach and started massaging downwards, slowly moving towards my pussy. By this time I could not control myself. I wanted him to touch me. First, he began to caress my labia, and then he spread my legs a little more. I was sure that he could see my excited clit. He slowly began to tease it with his fingers. Then he slowly inserted his middle finger inside me and started fingering me. The sensation was electric. I shuddered and almost came. I moaned and spread my legs wider for him as his finger went in and out of my pussy faster and deeper. I could no longer control myself and within no time had an explosive orgasm. 

It took me few minutes to compose myself after such a huge orgasm. I noticed that he had removed his shorts and was rubbing his cock through his underwear. His bulge was huge. I sat on the table asked him to remove his underwear. When he did, his cock sprang up, fully erect. Even though his was not big in length (about 6 inches long), it was huge in size (very thick). When I touched it, his cock began to throb so much that it was hard to hold my hand. I could see his precum leaking from the open slit at tits tip. He also could not control and when I just began to touch it – he came suddenly – squirting his juice.

Then we relaxed and recovered for a little while– talking about how we felt. He suggested that we have a wash. There was a shower panel with jets that shoot water out in three four directions. We spent time teasing and washing each other just. We soaped each other and massaged each other while standing up. By that time, his cock had started to get hard again and I was also feeling aroused again. We left the shower and toweled off.

I then made him sit on a chair. His cock was fully erect again. I felt it with my hand, tracing along the lines of its head and feeling the bulging veins of its shaft. His soft moans and breathing told me that he was enjoying what I was doing with it. I leaned my mouth over it and slowly lowered my lips onto the tip. I began to suck him. It was then when I realized just how thick his cock was. I had difficulty putting it into my mouth. Instead, I so teased him with my tongue...licking on all sides and feeling his balls with my hands. This caused him to continue to get bigger. 

I was also getting very exited. My clit was getting hard and I could feel my juices running down my legs. He then suggested that I lie on floor. We put some towels on the floor and I lay down there, legs spread wide. I was exited, yet at the same time little afraid of how his thick cock would feel inside of me even though my juices were overflowing. I asked him to go slowly. He wanted to suck on me before putting his cock inside, but I told him that I knew I was so close to cumming and wanted to cum with him inside of me. He moved to between my legs and teased my pussy lips with his cock. I was just waiting for it to enter. I wanted it so badly. My swollen labia were opening wide, ready to accept this wonderful cock. 

He slowly began to press the tip against my opening, pushing it in slowly. At first it was little tight. When it was halfway inside of me, he asked whether he could push it all the way in. I told him that he could. With a final hard thrust, I felt it fill me up. I could feel the warmth and even with all the juice he could feel it tight inside. He just lay on top of me with his cock buried deep inside of my hungry pussy, not making a move for a few moments. We savored the feeling. I could feel my pussy's walls contracting and clamping around his thick cock. Then he began to pull it back out before thrusting it back inside. Words cannot describe what it felt like to have the fullness of the cock impaling me. 

He sucked on my nipples while his cock continued to glide in and out of my slick pussy. I was enjoying every second and decided that I wanted to be on top of him, so we rolled over. I raised myself up and squatted over him, swallowing up his hard cock with my pussy. He rubbed my clit with his thumb as I continued to ride him. I don't know how many times I came. It was as if multiple waves of electrically charged pleasure washed over me.

He told me that he wanted to try it doggie style, but I was so tired I told him to cum. I couldn't take it anymore. I knew he was also close to cumming. We rolled over and he started thrusting in and out vigorously. In a few minutes I felt my final orgasm building as my entire body began to shake. It was as if vibrations were radiating outward from my pussy to every part of my body. He must have felt it too; because he suddenly groaned loudly and with one final deep push, he came inside of me...I could feel his warm cum shooting deep in me. 

It is difficult to explain for me – even though I have good sex life with my husband this was a wonderful feeling to have a cock this thick inside of me. After few minutes, he rolled off of me. His cock was coated with a mixture of my juices and his cum. I savored the moments as I felt myself come down from the experience. My pussy could almost "feel" him inside of it still. My clit was still throbbing and I knew that my hole was still open; gaping wide as I felt a little more of his cum dripping out of it and running down onto my bum. I wanted to just lie there and relax for a little longer. Unfortunately, the woman massage therapist walked in and told us that the room was required for another appointment, so we had to leave. She looked at both of us and asked me if I enjoyed my massage with him. She smiled and told me that he had given her a "full" massage, so she knew exactly what I had experienced.

We washed up and left. He wanted have sex again elsewhere but I was exhausted, so I declined. I also was expecting my husband to return to our room soon, so I couldn't. I returned to my room and slept soundly. I always get good sleep after hot sex. 

Later that evening, I was feeling highly aroused, thinking about my time at the spa earlier that day. My husband sure got an unexpected treat from me that night. 

I hope that this account of mine helps with your research project. I must admit candidly, that writing it out for your had helped me to relive the experience. I have been completely aroused while writing it. My best friend, Preet, has been reading this over my shoulder as I write it. She too has become aroused by it and has been fingering me, making it extremely difficult to concentrate. Now that my story is finished, I am going to quickly send it to you. Preet has gotten me so worked up and my husband is not due back for a few hours...perhaps I will write to you about us sometime.