 Special thanks and hugs to teknight for editing this story for me. You are a sweetie. All characters are fictional and over the age of 18.

************************ **************************

I wander around the house looking for you and finally find you in the living room on my second time through it. Finally I find you on the couch looking for something to watch on T.V. Sitting down next to you I gently tap your shoulder. Without looking over you ask what I want. I smile and in my cutest innocent little girl voice I say, "Kisses, pease." When you're finally done laughing you give me my kisses and I ask you what you have planned for the day. You tell me you don't have any plans, which I already knew but was double checking. Smiling secretively I ask if you'd like to go out and ride Bane with me. We head outside after you agree. Bane is already waiting with his bridle and saddle on and a blanket across his back. Looking at me you ask how I was so sure you'd want to go. I grin saying I was ready to be convincing.

We hop up onto Bane's back with me in the front and you riding behind me. Most people would be content just putting their hands on my waist, but not you. You wrap your arms around me and pull me back against you making me smile to myself as we start riding through the field to the woods. It's a beautiful day out, fall's just beginning and the leaves are just starting to change colors. We ride into the woods following the trail under a canopy of red, yellow, orange, and green leaves. For about an hour we talk about nothing specific, as we're just enjoying the scenery and the sound of each others voices. Finally we reach the lake I'd been riding to. I stop Bane and tell you to hop down. It's as beautiful out here as I ever remember it being. Out of all the people I know you'd appreciate it the most and I wanted to share it with you.

I grab the blanket and saddle bag that you hadn't noticed was there from Bane's back. Unsaddling Bane and taking the reins off of the bridle I let him loose knowing he will come when I whistle for him. Seeing the saddle bag you finally realize there is more behind this than a simple horseback ride. Setting the blanket down by the saddle I invite you to come over and lay with me. We lay cuddled up together for awhile, enjoying how peaceful it is at my hidden lake in the woods.

Kissing you gently, I reach over and pull a couple of scarves out of the saddle bag. Your eyebrow quirks up at me but you don't say anything. I pull you up so you're sitting and take your shirt off. Taking a scarf I gently tie your hands together over your head. Next I wrap another scarf around the one on your wrists and tie that to the saddle horn. The final scarf sits in my hands while I gaze down at you stretched out before me. There is a questioning look in your eyes as you try to figure out what I'm up to. Kissing your face, eyes, and mouth I slip the scarf over your eyes blindfolding you. Next, I gently push you back so your laying down again with me sitting on your lap. The suspense is getting to you so you finally ask what I'm up to; I don't say a word. I just start kissing your chest. Sitting back on my heels looking at you, I almost wish you could see my eyes, the look of pure lust and love I am giving you but you can't see that, all you have is a feeling of anticipation of what is to come. I don't want you be able to touch or see me, I just want you to feel.

My tongue flickers along your bare skin after every kiss I give you. As I run my nails up your sides and the underside of your arms, I can feel you shiver; putting little butterfly kisses all over you as I work my way up to your hands. I put your fingers into my mouth and suck on them one at a time. There are better things I could be sucking on, you not so subtly hint.

Your pants are in my way so I drag them off your long legs. Rolling you over I start rubbing your back, kissing it all over, moving down to your ass. I love your body; I could spend hours just looking at you and tasting you. You are beautiful. Continuing to rub your back, butt, and legs I press gentle kisses all over you. Occasionally I nibble at your skin enough for you to feel it but not enough to hurt. I roll you over onto your back and I kiss the inside of your legs starting at your calves and working my way up to your thighs. Feeling my breath along your shaft you groan at how close my mouth is to where you want it. My lips wrap around your cock, sucking on the head for just a second then move off; I hear you sigh in frustration; I simply laugh at that. My hair keeps going in my mouth so I put it up in a pony tail, then I go back down on you. As I move your cock in and out of my mouth you keep asking me to untie your hands so you can touch me. But I have no intention of doing it. As much as you want to touch me, I'm enjoying this to much to let you free. Somewhere in the back of my mind I realize that, if you really wanted free you could get loose, but you know I'm enjoying the feeling of control. Just the thought of having a man like you, so perfect in every way, trusting me like this is in itself a turn on for me.

Gently, I run my tongue up and down your cock, then I suck hard on the head enjoying the taste of your precum, swirling my tongue around your shaft, one hand on your balls, rubbing them softly. The other hand is playing with your nipples. You keep asking me to stop, you want to fuck me; I just suck harder and faster. I want you to cum in my mouth, I need to taste you, all of you. As I tease your nipples and suck on your cock you let go and cum. It seems to last forever.

After you've relaxed for a few minutes you again start asking me to untie you. You don't know it yet but I'm not finished with you. Crawling over to reach inside the saddle bag, I take out some food and drink; first, I open a bottle of wine taking a swig. I then fill my mouth with wine and I start to kiss you, or so you think; instead, you find your mouth filling up with cold wine. Thirstily you drink from my mouth; it turns you on. Watching you, I notice that your cock starts getting hard again. I make you tell me what each piece is, as I feed them to you.. All the while I'm running a hand over your chest playing with your nipples. I reach into the bag of goodies again to grab some chocolate syrup. Lifting my shirt and bra out of the way I pour the syrup on my nipple then encourage you to lick and suck it off. God, it feels so good! I don't know how much longer I can resist setting you free.

By now your cock is rock hard again and I still haven't touched you. Pulling against your bindings you beg me to let you loose so we can have sex; I'm telling you how much I want you inside me. As I kneel over you I reach up and take off the blindfold, letting you watch me as I stand and slowly take off my clothes. Kneeling down beside you again I give your cock one last kiss before I untie your hands. I want to look into your eyes as you slide into me. I slip my tongue into your mouth as your cock slips into my pussy; I'm wet, hot and tight. Before I start moving on you I whisper into your ear: " You have no idea how much I've been looking forward to this." Reaching up you roll my nipple between your fingers as I start moving on your cock; you're telling me how great it feels to be inside me at last. You're holding onto me, pulling me down onto your cock. Teasing you for so long got me wound tight and I feel myself starting to climax after a few strokes. It feels like my entire body is exploding. I tremble as wave after wave of pure pleasure washes over me.

Gasping, you tell me:" Baby, I can't hold on much longer," but I'm so lost in the sensations it barely registers. Exploring my mouth with your lips and tongue you cradle my face between your hands. I can feel your kisses to the core of my being. All of a sudden you slide one arm around my ass and we roll over together; never leaving my pussy you land on top of me and start sliding in and out of me real slow letting me feel every inch of your cock. Feeling empty and alone as you slide out of me, I start to rise up, but you push me back down. With one last kiss you start moving down my body, setting me on fire again. Feeling your hands slide under my ass, squeezing me in your hands I writhe beneath you. As I move my legs apart you kiss each thigh blowing gently on my skin, teasing me.

This is pay back in the best way, making me wait. Feeling your breath on my pussy has me holding my breath waiting for what I know is coming next. Finally, thank god, I fell your tongue as you lick my pussy lips. As your mouth and hands start working their magic on me I think I have died and gone to heaven. Sucking my clit into your mouth you flick your tongue against it rapidly. My climax builds as you start sucking on my clit. Suddenly, I feel you push your middle finger inside me. You know exactly where my sweet spot is and when you find it you suck harder on my clit. My ass comes off the ground as I try to grind my pussy against your mouth. My back arches off the blanket every muscle clenches tight right before I fly over the edge. My body starts convulsing as I climax again. My cries of pleasure stop as my orgasm rips through me. I'm not making a sound, I'm not even breathing. Finally a couple gasps and a moan and I collapse. Knowing I'll be fine in a couple of moments you start licking your way up my body, leaving a trail of wetness while you move up to my mouth. Slipping your tongue into my mouth you give me a taste what you have been tasting. Backing off a little, you grin and tell me how much you love the way I taste. Moving between my sprawled legs you thrust your cock hard into me and start moving in and out of me. After a few slow deep thrusts you pull all the way out of me again I hear you say "Baby, tell me what you want?"

"I want to feel you inside me. I want to make love to you and have you be a part of me," is my reply..

As you slide back inside of me I wrap my arms around your neck and my legs around your waist. Moaning your name I tell you how much I love you and how great you feel inside of me. You thrust into me slowly at first, and, every time you pull out, my hips follow, not wanting you to leave. Picking up speed you slam into me hard and I meet every thrust pushing against you. I feel myself about to cum and tighten my legs around your waist not allowing you to pull out again. Grinding my clit against you I force your cock deep inside me as hard as I can. My pussy starts to clench around your cock and I feel you grab my shoulders as you arch into me pushing yourself even more deeply inside me. The warm rush of your cum and your cock twitching inside me sends me into yet another orgasm. Staring into your eyes as I fly over the precipice that time I let all the love I feel for you show through.

As you fall onto me, you roll us over onto our sides- you're still inside me. We are both so hot; I feel you pull my hair up and blow onto my neck to help cool me off. I whisper "I'm so happy" and I am because I'm where I belong, with you...

We lay there snuggled together and watch the sun set through the breaks in the trees.. Neither of us wants to move so we just lay there and talk as the stars start to come out. Somehow we drift off to sleep and don't wake up until we feel the sunlight on our skin as it rises the next morning.