 When I was in college a few years back, I lived in one of the men's dorms on the campus of the state university that I attended. Since I was too busy with my schoolwork to go back home to do laundry, I usually ended up at the dorm Laundromat, down in the basement of our building. 

Next to the men's dorm in which I lived was a women-only dorm, and the two buildings were attached to each other at the ground level, where they shared a common lobby, public restroom, and vending machine area. But the women's dorm was smaller than our building, and they didn't have their own Laundromat. So from time to time girls would come across to our laundry room to wash their clothes. 

One weeknight I was having trouble sleeping so I ducked out of my room at about 3 a.m. and headed down to do some laundry. Around the dorm I usually just wore a t-shirt, sweats and socks with no shoes, and tonight was no different. I went down on the elevator to the basement with my laundry basket in hand, and padded over to the laundry room in my socked feet. 

I was surprised to see someone else in the Laundromat at such a late hour, and was even more surprised to see it was a girl. She was wearing a blue fleece pullover, a tight pair of gray sweats, plain white socks and a pair of Birkenstock sandals. She was no doubt wearing the pullover because of the cool, fall air outside, and because she had to walk through the usually cold lobby to get here. 

She heard me walk into the room and turned, making eye contact. It was then that I recognized the short, blond-haired girl. Her name was Kelly, and we had met a few weeks back at a frat party on the campus. 

She had been walking around the party looking bored, shrugging off most of the advances sent her way. I had been bored myself, sitting on a couch trying not to look like a dork. We made eye contact then, and wound up chatting on that couch for a couple of hours before things turned romantic. We made out for a little while at the party, and then she made up an excuse and left before things got heavy. We hadn't seen each other since then, but I still remembered her beautiful face. 

When we made eye contact this time, we both smiled awkwardly. I muttered a greeting, and she did the same. I walked over to a washing machine and began loading my clothes in, and she continued doing the same with her clothes. I sneaked a glance back at her a couple of times, and I noticed her looking at me out of the corner of her eye. 

Then, just as I had started my only load of clothes, I turned around to see her finish loading one of many she had brought. She gave me a sexy smile, reached down and grabbed her pullover, sliding it up and over her head. As she pulled the fleece shirt off, I saw she was wearing a white tank top underneath. The pullover snagged on one corner of the tank top, pulling it up slightly as she tugged the shirt over her head. The tank top lifted up enough for me to see the bottom of one of her breasts before sliding back down. She was obviously not wearing a bra.

After she tossed the pullover into the washing machine and started the load, she looked back at me again, as if to say, What are you doing all the way over there? Then she hopped up onto the washing machine, her legs dangling in the front, and began reading a paperback romance novel. 

Her sexy looks were too much for me to stand, so I bravely made my way over to her side of the Laundromat. We made small talk for a little while, and she dropped more signs to me than any ten girls ever had. 

"I missed you," I finally said to her. "I really wanted to see you again after that party."

"I really missed you, too, hon," she responded, and then leaned forward and threw her arms around me, pulling me towards her. "I have wanted you so bad since that night. I never forgave myself for leaving without you!"

With that, she dove right in, kissing me even more passionately than she had at the party. We played tonsil hockey for several long minutes, during which we both got very aroused. Her nipples were plainly visible, poking out of her white tank top. My hard-on was sticking straight out from my blue sweatpants. She looked down at my swollen crotch and giggled playfully.

"Happy to see me, baby?" she chuckled, and then lifted her legs up from where they dangled, letting her sandals fall to the floor and bringing her socked feet up to my groin. Her soft, cotton socks rubbed on my dick through the bulging fabric as she giggled like a 14-year-old high schooler. After a few moments of that, she pulled me closer with her hands and slipped her feet behind my back, tugging my entire body close to hers.

"I want you to bring that thing over here," she said lustily, then she reached one of her hands down and slid it into my sweatpants. She slipped her hand into the boxer briefs I was wearing underneath my sweats and wrapped it around my swollen cock. She teased it, sliding her hand gently up and down the shaft while I moaned. 

My own hands went searching, sliding up her tank top and cupping her perfect C-cup breasts. We made out with her hand down my pants and my hand up her shirt for a few minutes, with us both coming up for air every once in awhile and both of us moaning steadily. Then she pulled her hand away from my crotch and pushed my hand away from her tits, and then slid forward on the washing machine before jumping down. 

She knelt in front of me, pulling my sweatpants down around my ankles, helping me out of them. Then she stood up and pulled my t-shirt over my head, leaving me in just my black boxer briefs and a pair of white tube socks. 

"Hop up there," she said, gesturing to the now-vacated washing machine. Her load of clothes was now well into the cycle, and the machine was on the spin cycle. I hopped up on to the top, dangling my legs over the front like she had done. She got in front of me, and pushed me back until I was almost at the very back of the machine. 

"I want to rub up against the machine while it rocks," she said to me with lust in her eyes, "And I want to suck your cock while I do it." 

With that my dick almost exploded in a mountain of cum, but I somehow managed to stop myself. She slid off her sweatpants, revealing a white thong underneath, and pressed her crotch forward against the gently rocking washing machine. Then she pulled down the front of my boxer briefs, revealing my full eight-inch hard on. 

Licking her lips, she dipped her head towards my crotch, and swallowed the head of my cock. She started out on the tip, and worked her way down. In a few moments her shoulder-length blond hair obscured my crotch while she sucked my dick. 

As she bobbed up and down on my cock, she slid one of her hands up and down the shaft. Her other hand was holding my underwear open, and was rubbing and tugging at my swollen balls. The washing machine was rocking faster and faster now as it moved further into the cycle, and it seemed to be having the desired effect on Kelly. She ground her crotch up against the front of the machine, moaning as it rocked against her clit. 

When she moaned, I felt it in my cock as a deep hum, and it felt amazing. It made me moan more, which turned her on even more. Soon we were both getting close to an orgasm. 

As she sucked my dick faster and faster, humming around the shaft filling her mouth, my pleasure built and built. My legs began extending subconsciously, my toes curling up inside my socks in pleasure. The sight of this hot girl sucking my cock turned me on even more, and I slid my fingers into her soft, blond hair, grabbing the back of her head. I used my hands to guide her head up and down on my cock until I was practically fucking her face. 

Her moans became incredibly load, even though her mouth was completely filled with my engorged manhood. She began bucking her hips against the front of the washing machine, getting closer and closer to an orgasm. I was getting close as well, and I started thrusting my hips into the air in time with her cock sucking. 

We were both gyrating so much the washing machine started rocking back and forth, and it came close to tipping over. Before that happened, though, Kelly reached her orgasm, and let out an incredibly loud moan that reverberated through my dick, my balls and the rest of my lower body. The vibration pushed me over the edge to my orgasm, and I began pumping load after load of cum into her mouth even before she stopped moaning. 

Kelly stopped grinding her hips against the washing machine and concentrated on sucking down every drop of my cum, but before she could finish she had to come up for air. As she brought her head up, she opened her mouth, gasping for a breath. A large gob of cum dripped out of her mouth and started rolling down her chin, and I could see more still in her mouth. 

I leaned down to her and kissed her full on the lips, tasting the strange flavor of my own cum. Kelly moaned again as I slipped my tongue into her mouth, getting off on me sharing the taste with her. 

We held each other for several minutes, basking in the afterglow. After a little while, I pulled up my underwear and she pulled her tank top back down and we helped each other transfer our now-washed clothes to the dryers. 

After getting all of the loads started, we went over to a couch that was up against the far wall of the room, still wearing just our socks and undies. I laid down at one end, and she laid down at the other end, facing towards me. 

Her socked feet ended up in my lap, so I started to give her one of my world-class foot rubs. She was wearing white athletic socks much like mine, and the bottoms of hers were a little dirty from where she had walked around without shoes. I could faintly detect the sweet odor of her sweat emanating from her socks as well.

I sort of have a thing for girls that wear socks, so before long the foot rub I was giving her was turning me on as much as it turned her on. My dick once again began to swell inside my black boxer briefs, and Kelly couldn't help but notice. 

"I liked it when you rubbed your feet on my dick," I told her with a sly wink.

"Ooooh, you're so naughty babe," she replied, and slid one of her feet into my crotch, where she began rubbing it on my cock through my briefs. Her hands were still free, and they began to rub on my socked feet, turning me on even more. Before long, my dick was back to its full eight-inch length and was about to pop out of my boxer briefs. 

Then, Kelly sat up, grabbed my undies, and slid them down my legs, revealing my swollen cock. She then moved up the couch and straddled my hips, leaning her head down to mine. 

"I want to fuck you, right here in the laundry room," she whispered in my ear, and then she sat back up and pulled her tank top off, throwing it onto the floor. She lifted up her hips and pulled the thong to the side, revealing her still-wet pussy. 

We both watched with anticipation as she lowered her pussy towards my swollen cock. When she got to the right level, she reached down with her free hand and grabbed my dick, guiding it towards her pussy as she lowered onto it. Then I entered her, and it felt so good I thought my cock was going to burst right then. 

She slid down onto my shaft slowly at first, and then built up a little bit of speed as she worked up and down. She finally settled on a moderate pace, sliding up and down on my cock. I was able to control myself for a while, since Kelly had just given me the best blowjob of my young life. 

Since women have no such limitations on their orgasms, Kelly was soon drawing close once again. She picked up her pace, sliding up and down on my rigid cock faster and faster. Her moans got louder and louder, until they could have been called screams. Luckily for us there were several dryers running in the room, so it would be hard for her to be heard anywhere. 

As Kelly got closer and closer, she went from leaning forward over my upper body to leaning her body back, bucking her hips up and down against mine, her breasts bouncing wildly. I got into the action, thrusting my hips up and down in time with her. Finally, the moans and yells reached a climax as she came.

With a sigh, she slumped forward onto me, resting her head on my chest. Then she lifted her head and kissed me passionately on the lips, our love organs still locked in an embrace.

Then she got off of me and grabbed my hand, leading me up and away from the couch. She grabbed her sweatpants on the way, and then walked back to the washing machine where we had so recently fooled around. She picked up my sweats and t-shirt, and then pulled my boxer briefs off, only to throw all of the clothes in the washing machine. She dumped in some soap and loaded a couple of quarters, then shut the door and started the machine. 

"We've been dirty, babe, we really need to wash our clothes," she said, with an evil grin. Then she knelt on the ground in front of me and once again took my cock into her mouth, licking it clean of all of the love juices. 

So there we were in the laundry room, naked except for our socks, while she was on her knees in front of me giving me slow head. This time her hair wasn't in the way, so I got a wonderful view of her cupping my balls with one hand while grasping the base of my cock with the other hand, her mouth sliding up and down my dick.

She opened her eyes and looked up into my eyes from time to time, no doubt getting off on watching me enjoy this blowjob. I once again put my hands on her head, guiding her movement as I watched her full, pouty red lips slide up and down the length of my cock. Before I could cum, though, she stopped, pulling away from my dick and standing up. 

She turned around, facing the washing machine, and once again pressed her crotch up against it. Then she leaned over the machine, which was now in spin mode, and spread her legs slightly, revealing her perfect little ass and her soaking pussy. She turned her head back around and looked at me quizzically. 

"What do you want, a signed invitation?" she said with a giggle, then slapped her ass with one hand. "Come on, big boy, I want you to take me from behind while I get a little more help from Mr. Whirlpool here."

Then Kelly slid forward a little bit, repositioning her clit against the front of the washer. She had to lean so far up that she was standing on her tip toes. The sight of this incredibly hot girl wearing nothing but socks, flexing her feet and standing on her tip toes, spreading her ass cheeks and pussy open for me, all combined to push me close to an orgasm right there. 

But I resisted the urge, and instead moved up behind her. I took my cock in my hand and guided it down to her pussy, sliding my still-wet shaft into her. Even though we had just made love, the new angle of entry made her gasp as I pushed my full eight inches into her.

I started out kind of slow, but quickly moved to a feverish pace. I felt my cock swell in anticipation, and I knew I wouldn't last long. The intensity of entering from behind usually overcame me in a matter of minutes, and this time proved no different. 

The washing machine had increased to a faster pace by this time as well, and Kelly was rocking her hips back and forth against it as I fucked her from behind.

"Oh, yes! Oh yes, oh yes! Don't stop fucking me!" she began to gasp as I went from thrusting into her to more of a pounding motion. I smacked her ass a couple of times, too, earning another, "ooh, you're naughty!" from her. 

I stole a few glances down to where our feet were tangled together, eyeing her slender socked feet as she flexed them further and further. I watched my own toes curl up with pleasure inside my socks, and then watched my socks slide off the ends of my feet due to the intensity of our fucking. 

I felt myself getting closer and closer, and I increased my pace even more. There was a slapping sound as my balls flopped up against her with every thrust, and then I felt my orgasm near.

"Oh god, baby, I'm going to cum!" I gasped. 

"Oooooh, I want you to cum inside me," she replied, moving her hands up to grasp the back of the washer as she thrust her hips back at mine. One final thrust and I felt my cock explode with cum, filling her pussy with shot after shot. Her gasps turned to moans as she came right after me. We coasted to a stop and disengaged ourselves from each other and the washing machine. 

We walked together back to the couch and laid there together in just our socks, waiting for our clothes to finish drying so we could wear something. Kelly and I got involved pretty heavily after that and had several more erotic adventures, some of which were again at the Laundromat!