 We were now driving back to my house. Raul was pushing the car along much faster than before. We sped down the roads with an urgency that was insane. Even more insane was the way he often took his hand from the wheel and gripped my thigh. His hand high up my leg and his fingers brushed across my willing pussy. We needed to fuck again, really needed to!

I sat with my head back against the headrest, I look across towards him, his face lit up by the dashboard lights. I could see that he was breathing as heavily as I was. I let my hand drift over and rest on his crotch. He was hard, and I mean hard! We didn’t say a word, there was no need to, we both knew what we wanted, and it could only end with us both naked and on my bed.

Raul pulled down the driveway to my house, stopping with a slight skid on the gravel. He slipped his hand around the back of my neck and pulled me towards him and kissed me and whispered,

“I’m going to fuck you! Fuck you until you weep!”

I simply nodded and opened my door. I walked very quickly to the front door searching out the keys from my bag. As I stood in front of the door trying to unlock it with trembling hands he stood behind me and pulled my skirt down past my knees. As I opened the door I stepped out of my skirt. Raul spun me around and pinned me against the door frame. In a blink of an eye he had my flimsy top off too. I walked inside naked, turning to look at him. In the thin light of the dawn I was walking backwards towards my bedroom. As he followed me he was pulling his tee shirt up over his head. I could see his shape, his strong manly shape. A couple more steps and he was stepping out from his shorts and briefs. His thick cock standing up like the broad trunk of an oak tree.

As I stood in the bedroom door he took me in his arms, pulling me close to him, our naked bodies pressing firmly against each other. I could feel the heat of his solid erection against my tummy. Kissing we staggered towards my bed. We fell onto it in a heap of passion. Our bodies writhing together as he kissed my neck. Our hands began an urgent exploration of each other.

I lay on the bed, Raul on top of me. I was pinned down by his weight and strong body. Not that I was wanting to go anywhere. I felt his hands cup my breasts sending waves of pleasure through my body. As I ran my fingers through his hair he began to use his mouth on them. He sucked on one of my nipples, a very hard suck. I again felt that empty need between my legs, the need to feel his huge shaft plough into me.

He raised my hands and pinned them down onto the bed above my head. Then he gave each of my nipples a firm bite. Oh yesssss! I could feel his teeth on them, I almost orgasmed instantly. Raul adjusted his position. He planted kisses and nibbles down my body until his tongue was tracing the edges of my wet labia. I felt his tongue flick across my throbbing clit. His hands pushing my legs further apart. I grabbed hold of his hair and raised my hips presenting his mouth with my eager pussy. He very quickly covered my clit with his mouth and began to suck on it. I was now almost insane with the thrills that surged through me. I needed him inside me, right now!

“Oh God! Fuck me! Fuck me! FUCK ME!!” I screamed.

Raul knelt up, putting one hand under my hips he flipped me over onto my front. He then raised me and slid a couple of pillows under my hips. I could feel his hands and mouth on my raised ass. His fingers began to tease my aching pussy. He then positioned himself behind me and laying his body on top of mine he slowly started to enter me. I felt again my tightness give way to his advancing shaft. Again he pinned my hands down on the bed above my head. I could feel the thickness of his cock pushing deeper inside me, inch after divine inch of throbbing hard cock.

He took up a firm deep rhythm entering me fully with each stroke. I was gasping for breath, covered in a glistening film of sweat as we fucked. Thrust after thrust found it’s way inside me. His larger than average girth stretching me in such a wonderful way. I was almost about to orgasm when he plunged inside me and held it there. I felt him kneel once again pulling me up onto my knees. His large strong hands taking hold of my hips he returned to the rhythm he had used before, not fast but very deep slow strokes. I rested my head down on the bed giving him a very good angle of entry. The head of his cock running deep inside me.

He gave me a few good hard stinging spanks on my ass as he thrust into me. I love it when a man does that to me. His hands caressed my ass cheeks as he ploughed into me again and again. He started to rub the tip of his thumb across my tight anus. A sudden wetness there told me that he had dribbled some saliva onto it. He probed his thumb slowly inside. Wow! This was going places I had not even thought about.

With his thumb firmly in my ass he began to give me more forceful thrusts from his cock. I was now just a whole body of pleasure, every fibre was alive with delight as he began to seriously fuck me. I was crying out, begging him to fuck me harder. Harder! Again he pushed me down onto the bed. With each thrust of his cock I was transported closer and closer to the breaking of the orgasm that was rapidly building inside me. With just a few more thrusts that orgasm smashed through me, wracking every cell in my body. The intensity took me by surprise. It was like every orgasm I had ever had hit me again all at the same time.

Raul withdrew his cock from me. We lay in each others arms. My head was spinning, I was gasping for breath and covered in sweat. I rested my head on his heaving, hairy chest and was aware of his thumping heart. I slowly began to recover my senses. It felt nice brushing my lips over his hairy chest. My hand wandered down his firm belly and cradled his still hard cock. It was only then that I realised that he had not cum. I needed to remedy that.

Kissing him I straddled his body and lowered my freshly fucked pussy down onto him. He gripped my hips and raised himself a little penetrating me once again. As I took up a steady rocking action, feeling him deep inside me once again, he began to massage my breasts. After a few seconds he reached over and switched on the bedside lamp. 

“I want to see you.”

He lay there, resting on his elbows and watched as his cock vanished into my pussy. I leaned back to give him a better view. He was obviously finding this a very big turn-on. With each downward push I felt him fill me with his amazing shaft. I rode his cock for all I was worth. He lay back down and closed his eyes. I felt him starting to buck, thrusting his hips upwards to meet my pussy as I went down. His thrusts becoming harder I could feel that he was near to cumming. My rhythm became faster. I could hear a moaning coming from him so I used my pussy to intensify his sensations, tensing myself around his cock, making myself even tighter. He cried out as his orgasm broke over him.

I straightened my legs behind me and lay on his heaving body, still with his cock planted inside me. We kissed and kissed, his hands grasping my ass. We lay together for some time. Enjoying the heat of each other. We soon fell asleep as the dawn was breaking.

We woke around 10am, the sun pouring into the room. I watched his wonderfully naked body walk away from the bed as he went to the bathroom, that was one hell of a sexy ass. He got back in bed with me and we kissed softly and very tenderly.

“What do you usually do in the mornings?” he asked with that engaging smile of his.

“You really want to know?”

“Yes. Tell me.”

“OK, usually I masturbate then have a shower.”

We both laughed. I then said, “Perhaps this morning might be different?”

He pulled the sheet away from us.

“Show me, show me how you do it.”

I cupped my left hand around my breast and began to stroke my fingertips along the edges of my labia. Softly squeezing my breast I began to circle my clit with two fingertips. Raul lowered his head down onto my tummy, his face near my hand. I could feel his breath on my pubic mound. He took my hand away and kissed me just above the opening of my labia. Kneeling beside me he started to massage my clit in the same manner as I had been doing. Looking down his body I saw that he was obviously very excited from watching me self-pleasure. I was very aroused myself. He changed his position so that he was now kneeling between my open legs. His very pleasant finger work stopped as he lay on top of me and guided his cock into my eager pussy.

We were now humping like wild things again. His cock driving deep into me. Our kisses and bites becoming more forceful. I soon was once again in a whirl of an orgasm. As it began to subside Raul withdrew from me and again kneeling between my legs, began to massage his wet cock with his hand. I watched as spurt after spurt of his thick, creamy spunk hit my tummy and my breasts. 

Afterwards we showered together, enjoying the feel of each others soapy body. 

The shower fuck was good too.