 Karen wiped the sweat from her brow, and touched the pencil to the pad. The idiots sitting at the booth could not make up their mind, and she was getting really impatient.

"Um," the guy said. "I'm not quite... sure." He let the last word escape from his lips as if he couldn't decide whether or not he should even say it. 

Karen had to manually force herself to prevent her foot from tapping against the hard tile floor. She rubbed her palms on her apron, as the 90 degree sweltering heat made her uncomfortable. The air conditioning was on the blink again, and every time she walked to the kitchen it was like walking through hell. Finally, the guy ordered, and she scribbled it down hurriedly, and went to fill another customer's coffee cup. Two waitresses short, unbearable heat, and a lecherous boss were really weighing down on her. The sweat from her neck had fallen down her chest between her breasts, half tickling and half itching. She dare not scratch, for fear that her boss would make some comment about health or something of a sexual nature. She cringed at the thought.

The polyester uniform began to cling to her skin, the sweat acting like glue. As she walked, she felt her panties cling uncomfortably to the folds between her legs. Still, she doggedly did her work.

Her manager pulled her aside, and told her that her tables were being taken care of. He wanted her to train a new waiter, and show him all the ropes. Karen was not thrilled with the idea of having to be pleasant to one more person. However, she was sort of relieved that there was one more person on the shift. Then she realized that she was going to have to cover his mistakes as well as her own duties. She realized then that she wasn't a happy camper.

She turned around, and faced the new guy. He wasn't at all what she was expecting. He was about four inches taller than she was, and bore a bright smile. She wondered how he could be so relaxed and polite in this heat. She figured that that would change. Still... there was something about him...

After two and a half hours of working close together, she was finally having fun. Instead of Greg (the new guy) turning sour because of the heat, Karen was actually getting into her work again. His humor was infectious, and she had started laughing out loud, and even started telling her own jokes. She really liked him now, and had all but forgotten the heat.

Once, he bent over to get something from under a shelf, and she had started to reach out to caress his ass before stopping herself in surprise. She chided herself for what she was about to do, but she rationalized by saying that she couldn't help herself. For most of the rest of the shift, they had brushed against each other many times because of the close quarters, and not always by accident.

The sweat between her legs became indistinguishable from another, more pressing moisture. Her legs slid together as she walked, and she found that she wanted to walk more and more to release the pressure. She decided that she really wanted this guy, and then she realized that there was a way to get closer to him. Literally. 

"There is one other place that you should know intimately," she said. He raised an eyebrow; some of their jokes had risen to a sexual nature, so she blushed at the implication. "The stockroom." She smiled as his eyebrow fell, but the joke did not go unshared.

"Down here," she said as she bent down, "are where all the large cans go." She looked up at him from her kneeling position, and swallowed hard. Pressed close together between the metal shelving, and from her vantage point, she could see that he was rock hard. She decided to do a little teasing. She started moving the cans around on the bottom shelf with one hand, and with the other she undid a couple of buttons on her uniform blouse. Close quarters with Greg had made her perspire even more, and even the little air that entered her bra felt good.

She turned back up, and continued talking. "And over here," she said as she stood up. As she did, she ran her long fingertips along the bulge in his jeans. She moved on down the line, as if nothing had happened, but she swore she heard a small gasp from Greg. She smiled to herself. Work can be fun, she thought, and stifled a giggle. Her manager had often made passes at her, by using that line, one that she abhorred. Until now. How funny that her manager's line could be used here.

She bent over once more, except this time, she didn't kneel. Her ass jutted out at Greg, who was pinned against the tall shelf behind him. If only we didn't have our clothes on, she thought. She continued talking about the boring subject matter at hand, and knelt down. She turned to face Greg, and deftly unzipped his jeans while still talking about regular shipments of ketchup. Greg's eyes opened wide, as this was totally unexpected. The hot air swirled around his prick, which was ramrod stiff. Still, the heat from the summer air was nothing like the moist heat from the insides of her mouth. The silence in the small room was deafening as her talking was interrupted. He felt her tongue swirl around the bottom of his shaft, and he gritted his teeth together to prevent himself from groaning. Damn, she was GOOD!

She bobbed her head on his prick, and thought about how long it was since she had such a good time at work. This time, she couldn't help herself, and she smiled wide. She held him with her hand, and stood up to face him. Her breasts, covered in perspiration heaved with excitement. Her panties felt about three sizes too small, and she wanted them OFF! He raised her skirt above her waist, and nearly broke two fingers trying to pull them down. The rush of air felt very good, but made her want him between her legs. He bent his head down to her breasts, and licked the sweat from them. She reached down, and guided him towards her. She felt the head push between her lips, but the angle was too sharp. She pushed him back on to the shelf behind him, and he sat down on one of them. Straddling him, but still standing, she was able to thrust him into her by lowering herself just a little. Once more, Greg kissed her breasts, releasing them from their restrictive bra. Free from the constraints of the cotton, she felt somewhat cooler and yet hotter at the same time.

Oh, yes, she thought. This is JUST what I need. Much better than a cigarette at break time...

She was primed. Really ready. All day long she had teased Greg and been teased, and the pressure was building inside of her. She felt it from inside her chest. Greg's tongue licked her nipples, and he moved from one to another. She held the back of his head to her, and wanted him to take it ALL. GOD, could he feel them THROB?!

The familiar rush began along the insides of her thighs, and travelled up her stomach to her breasts. Not yet, she thought, but at the same time, there was the danger and excitement of getting caught, and that thought increased the onslaught.

Inside of her, she felt Greg's impending explosion. She squeezed her muscle walls tighter, and she heard his groan. His hot breath landed on her breasts, and she felt her skin tighten into little goosebumps. Her pussy began to contract more and more erratically, as Greg's dick bucked wildly. Suddenly, she couldn't control herself anymore, and she felt the runaway train within her arrive. Her legs clamped on Greg, and she held his head with her hands as she rode him on to ecstasy.

Greg felt the tightening muscles, and couldn't hold back. He shot his load deep inside of her, and held on to her waist. He could feel her wetness and how comfortable it felt to be inside of her. Suddenly, they both heard a sound, and scrambled to reach for their clothes and make themselves somewhat presentable. They looked at each other, and started to laugh. 

"Work can be fun," she said, and they both laughed.