 Mark sneaks up behind Molly. He wraps his arms around her and slides his hands over her large, soft white mounds, pinching her nipples and squeezing tight. Molly feels Mark's excitement growing between her cheeks. His lips brush past Molly's hair to nibble on her earlobes and he plants a sweet kiss on her cheek. 

Molly turns around and notices that Mark's suit is around his ankles. She spreads her legs and he slips between them. Together they remove the bottom of Molly's bikini and Mark slides slowly and deliciously into her wet and waiting pussy. Mark gently caresses her back and he kisses her again but this time on her luscious lips. Their tongues slide out and meet in a titillating battle which they enjoy; neither worrying about "winning" as their mutual enjoyment is "winning". Mark pulls back keeping his eyes locked on Molly. He moves back in and plants lips on her stiff nipple. He starts sucking, licking and nipping alternating between the two of them as he watches the reaction in her eyes. Mark sees lust in those eyes and she arches her back rubbing her love bud into his groin and Molly lets out a loud moan, "YES...MARK YESSSSS MARK THAT'S IT..."

Mark continues to slide Molly up and down and he sucks on her nipples trying to pull them deep into his throat. One hand holds Molly tight, the other slips down to her ass crack, a finger starts playing at the top of her crack rubbing up and down. Occasionally pressing just enough on Molly's anus to make her pussy clench. Molly's legs tighten around Mark; her clit sticks out rubbing Mark and her juices start flowing. Mark examines Molly's expressions and her eyes register that she is in heaven and is starting to feel the urge to cum. Molly moans louder and Mark suddenly slides out and stops. Molly blinks shocked and as she starts to say something Mark slams hard into her pussy, sucks her nipple just to the point of pain and slides his pinky into her anus, Molly's words turn into a scream of pleasure "YESS!!" 

Her body tenses and grabs Mark as she peaks. Molly's eyes are shut, her face radiant with orgasmic bliss and she trembles as Mark's cum sprays deep inside you. As Molly relaxes, Mark starts to stroke in and out of her pussy again slowing her decent from the peak of climax. Each time Mark penetrates her pussy he also rubs her still sensitive clit and she tenses up. With each passing stroke the reaction is a little less. Mark slides his finger out of her ass and she lets a moan slip out. Slowly Mark releases her nipples licking them gently. Molly's legs start to unwind, they move closer to the edge of the pool. Mark finds her bikini bottoms and helps arrange them and then pulls his suit up from his ankles. Mark brings his mouth up to hers and they lie down on the steps still in the water embracing and relaxing as they bask in post orgasmic feelings. 

As the two lay hugging on the steps in the pool, Molly whispers, "Your not done yet Mark I want more..." 

Mark replies, "Let's move to the pool house." They slowly get up and holding each other as tightly as possible move into the pool house. Conveniently there is a fold out couch waiting for them. Mark looks at Molly and laughs, "You were ready for my visit." 

"The Pope's still Catholic isn't he?" 

Mark looks at her face smiling and shining realizes that he rushed a little too much in the pool. Mark sets his mind to correcting that mistake. Once again he slides his hands around her body. He kisses her ear, licking it, moving down to her neck where he nibbles gently. Mark pulls back and plants a kiss right on her lips. Their mouths part and tongues caress each other. Mark slides his lips over to her neck, and whispers, "Do you want me to kiss your other lips?" 

"Yes..." she responds. 

Mark slides one of her shoulder straps down, exposing her nipple and quickly he covers it with his mouth. Gently licking and sucking the nipple it hardens in Mark's mouth. Molly moans but Mark can tell that she wants his mouth elsewhere. Mark is patient; he slips the other shoulder strap off and once again licks and sucks on the newly exposed nipple and surrounding soft white flesh. 

After a little while, Molly presses down on Mark's shoulders, as much as she is enjoying the attention on her nipples, there is something else she's wanted and now needs. Mark slides down her body quickly releasing the top and then pulling the bottoms off. When the bottoms are at her feet Mark helps her step out. 

Mark plants a light kiss on the top of both of Molly's feet and she giggles. Sliding sensually up Molly's body, Mark stands up and lays Molly down on the bed. Mark provides two pillows to help keep her warm and to give provide something to hold onto. Molly notices that Mark still has his suit on and says, "Silly Boy, don't you know you will get cold and shriveled up if you leave those on, then what fun can we have?" With that Molly uses her long legs, feet and toes to slide Mark's suit downward. Mark wiggles and lets the suit slip to the floor. 

Mark bends over to pick up both suits, and Molly kicks his ass saying, "Don't worry about that now." 

Mark looks back replying, "Be patient, I won't leave you." He walks over and puts the suits over a rack to dry and picks up a couple of soft towels. 

Mark climbs up on bed and hands Molly one towel and starts rubbing her body, drying it. Molly groans in frustration but starts drying Mark. Mark rubs down her legs and comments, "Gee this towel must be defective, I rub around your waist and legs and it just gets wetter and wetter." 

"Shut up and stop tormenting me, please!" Molly cries exasperated. 

Mark throws the towel away and gets off of the bed. He steps between Molly's legs and put them on his shoulders. Mark kisses his way down both legs while he rubs them. 

Slowly tormenting Molly with the kissing and the rubbing, Mark finally gets to the top of her legs and starts sniffing her wonderful scent. Molly thrusts her hips up trying to get him closer. Mark pulls back looks in Molly's eyes and laughs lightly while grinning like a Cheshire cat. Mark's plan to drive her wild with desire is working.

Mark then bends down and kisses her tiny patch of fur, knowing that this is oh so close to what she really wants, and yet so far away. He then proceeds to kiss in a circle around her nether region avoiding her mound. Molly tries to move her hips to get his lips on her mound, but Mark's hands wrap around the outside of her legs to keep her in place. Suddenly a lick. Mark's tongue flashes out and gives you a quick lick up your slit. Molly bucks from the electricity generated and a shocked sound escapes her lips. 

Mark licks again and she bucks again, lick, buck, lick, buck, lick, "Stop!!" Molly screams in mid buck, her body still twitching. 

Mark looks up at Molly's angelic face and innocently says, "I'm sorry would you like me to go home, I hope I haven't offended you." He start to disengage himself. 

A gurgled sound of frustration and anger escapes Molly's lips, "Arrrgh, eat me now or I will snap your neck!" She squeezes her legs as if to demonstrate. 

Without warning Mark dives in and starts with a big wide-mouthed French kiss to her pussy. Molly feels Mark's upper lip and teeth pressing onto her erect and elongated clit. Mark's tongue is diving into her hole, "Yessssssssss oooooohhhhhh, don't stop, please don't stop" Molly begs. 

Mark continues with reckless abandon as he has been turned on by providing the pleasure. Mark licks and sucks and kisses. He even takes Molly's clit between his teeth and bites ever so lightly. Mark continues and continues, changing speed, kissing and nibbling all around the lips, and he spreads her pussy wide so he can slide his tongue deeply into her love cave. 

Mark's tongue snakes down to Molly's asshole for a lick and then it slides all the way up to her clit causing Molly to moan. Molly's legs hold him fast so he won't get away as she moves her hips and rubs her pussy all over his face. Mark's tongue slides back down to her sphincter and this time it presses in. Molly's cheeks clench involuntarily both trying to draw it in and yet preventing more penetration. Mark keeps working his tongue while his fingers start rubbing the sensitive bud above. He sees Molly's pussy hole open and close as her muscles contract and relax. Mark slides a finger in exploring for that infamous spot. Molly moans again saying, "More, more, more..." 

Mark continues his relentless pursuit of Molly's pleasure. He slides his finger into his mouth sucking on it and tasting your juices. "Yummmmm, Delicious." 

Mark now slides his tongue up from Molly's ass and sticks it directly into her pussy hole. Molly bucks trying to pull more of that wonderful tongue inside. Mark's hot breath tickles her clit as it leaves his nose. Molly is getting hotter and hotter. Her body is getting closer and closer climbing the mountain to its peak. Mark's tongue dashes out and licks her clit and he sucks that passionate bud into his mouth. 

Molly's legs and a hand guide Mark. In Molly's other hand is a pillow which she is rubbing up and down her body. "I am sooooo close, don't stop." Mark licks some more and just as her body starts to explode, he stops!

This time however Mark quickly disengages and climbs up on to Molly and quickly plunges his recovered cock into her pussy. Their groins meet and grind rubbing her clit. His cock penetrates deeply and her pussy loves it. Molly's pussy contracts in orgasmic bliss, and it pulses around Mark's shaft. Mark looks deeply into her eyes wearing a big smile. He kisses her and Molly can taste herself on his wet lips. Molly opens her mouth and yells, "Yes, Mark, Oh Mark, Yes, Yes, Ohhh Mark," Mark then bites on her neck sucking and draining the orgasmic energy through his mouth. Together they moan and cum, stroking and relaxing. She holds him tight with her arms and legs pressing their chests and groins together. The both let out moans of ecstasy as the climax subsides. "OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhh..." Slowly they relax and melt into each other's arms, hugging and caressing. Mark lifts his head and kisses Molly. Mark looks lovingly into her eyes and says, "Thank you, Molly, you are one sexy lady." 


With that ride over they continue to snuggle and whisper to each other waiting to do it all again. 

The end for now...