 Amber sighed with contentment as she submerged herself underwater. I watched as she stretched her naked body out at the bottom of the pool and began massaging her tits softly. She was clearly out to tease my still erect cock as my balls began to ache. Amber was in no rush to relieve my pain as she slid her hands down her body and began writhing in lust, sliding one finger deep into her pussy. I watched in agony as she surfaced up to her chin and gave me a look filled with lust. Amber moved slowly toward me as we began to hear what sounded like a group of people coming in our direction. 

"Times up!" Amber squealed as she turned away and jumped out of the pool. I followed as we both looked around for our clothes. I scrambled around and finally was able locate my trunks as Amber snatched up her shirt and panties. 

"Where do we go???" Amber asked, still naked and with a tone of urgency. We both looked around for the best direction to go as the voices sounded like they would arrive any second.

"Over here ..." Amber yelled in surprise as we turned around to see a member of the hotel staff speaking and pointing us in the right direction.  Moving quickly, we headed towards the staff member to try and get out of sight. As we approached, it was clear this staff member was beyond ridiculous (in a good way). She was wearing a pair of light-blue low cut shorts and yellow t-shirt with what looked to be a red bra or bikini underneath. She looked about 5'4", with dark hair down past her shoulders, amazing blue eyes, a curvy figure and a pair of tits to rival Ambers.

"I'm Krista. Stay here for a few minutes and I'll try and get you out of trouble," Krista winked at us, grabbed a key from her pocket and opened up the door into what looked to be the lifeguard shack. Amber and I quickly slid inside as the voices sounded like they were almost on top of us. 

"Oh, by the way, we have cameras watching the pool. Don't you worry ... I was the only one watching. You two definitely put on a good show." Krista quipped as we both blushed. 

Krista tossed Amber a bottle of body lotion as she slowly closed the door to the shack. "Sorry, that's all I have. After watching you too in action, I thought you might want it." Krista paused, took a long hard look at my cock, gave Amber a wicked grin and closed the door.

As soon as the door closed, I grabbed Amber and slammed her back against the door. Immediately dropping to my knees, I lifted her left leg up onto my shoulder and slowly licked up the length of her inner thigh.

"Fuckkkk..." Amber moaned as she grabbed her tits and squeezed them tightly.

With a surge of lust, I lifted Amber up so both her legs rested on my shoulders and took a nice slow, wet lick up the length of her pussy. Amber tossed the lotion to the ground as she grabbed my head in response and ground her pussy into my face. As part revenge for her earlier teasing in the pool, I continued to slowly work Amber's pussy by licking it from top to bottom over and over. Amber groaned loudly in frustration and pleasure.

"Please eat it!" she cried.

Amber screamed as I slowed my pace and sucked her pussy lips into my mouth.  I worked up the length of her lips, teasing her with my tounge as I approached her clit.  My tounge slid around in circles as I softly began to suck it. This elicited another loud scream as I started sucking harder and harder. Amber began to shake and started bucking against my face as her orgasm was clearly close at hand. I grabbed her ass tightly and shoved my tounge deep in her pussy.

"Fuck!" Amber yelled as she arched her back and began to explode. I grabbed her hips tightly as she slammed me back onto the floor and finished cumming while sitting on my face. 

"I want more." Amber moaned in delight as she looked down at me and grabbed the bottle of body oil. I continued to lick her pussy softly as she began rubbing it all over her body. "Krista seems to be a naughty girl. Did you notice how hard her nipples were?"

I responded with a long slow lick up Amber's pussy as she finished with the oil. "Like what you see?"

"Fuck yes." I replied as Amber stood up.

"Good." Amber spoke as she spun around, giving me a great look at her firm ass. I groaned as she stood over my face, giving me a direct line of sight to her pussy. I figured out what Amber was thinking as she kneeled down over me. Showing no hesitation, I continued where I left off and immediately started sucking her clit.

"Ohhhhhhhh yesssss ..." Amber moaned as she bent over and took my cock into her mouth. 

I groaned loudly into Amber's pussy as she assaulted my cock and took it to the back of her throat.  Amber giggled as she licked down the shaft and made a loud slurping sound while sucking my aching balls into her mouth. I upped the ante as I slid one finger slowly down the crack of her ass. "Naughty boy." Amber spoke in a muffled voice as she pushed her pussy against my mouth and moved back to deep throating my cock every five seconds. We continued going at one another in this way for what seemed like an eternity as I reached for the body oil and poured it down the crack of Amber's ass. 

"That's it ..." Amber whispered in shy support as she seemed to know what I was thinking. I was in a state of utter lust as Amber continued to suck my cock. I think Amber sensed I was a suddenly feeling a bit nervous about the next step as she sat up a bit and started stroking my cock with both hands.

"Slide it in ... I've never tried before." My cock started to throb even more as I took my index finger and gently applied pressure to the entrance of Amber's ass. Amber let out an uncomfortable sound as I continued to press gently.  The body oil definitely seemed to help as the tip of my finger slid past her opening.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm ..." Amber moaned.

I left the tip of my finger stationary for a minute as I continued eating her pussy. Amber stretched in pleasure as she bent over again and started licking my cock up and down the entire length of the shaft. I continued to push ahead and started sliding my finger deeper into her ass.

"Fuckkkkk ..... yesssssssssssssss!" Amber screamed out in pleasure as she surprised me with a quick and violent orgasm. Her whole body shook as she pressed her pussy against my face and sat up, holding my cock like a support as she pounded it hard with her hands. 

"I want more ..." Amber growled softly as she slid off my face, pulling my finger out of her ass. Standing up, she walked over to the desk in the room and pushed everything off into a heap on the ground. I stood up and hopped on top of the desk, lying down on my back. Amber quickly climbed on top and positioned herself above my cock in reverse-cowgirl position, giving me a great look at her. I slapped her ass hard and grabbed her hips in support.

"Ouch!" Amber squealed as she wasted no time and impaled herself on my cock. Amber and I both groaned loudly as we started to fuck.  I slapped her ass again as she started sliding up and down on my shaft. Amber clearly was intent on putting on a show as she kept lifting up and slamming her pussy back down on my cock, sending ripples through her ass cheeks for me to see. She continued relentlessly in this way for several minutes as we both started groaning loudly.

"Harder!" I moaned as I started helping Amber slam down onto my cock each time. Her moans turned to screams as she leaned back and slammed down on my cock over and over. 

Amber let out what sounded like a surprise squeal as she screamed out.

"I'm cumming ..." Amber yelled out as she started shaking on my cock. It was all I could handle as my balls released and began shooting deep into her wet pussy. Amber stretched back as I braced myself underneath and continued pumping my cock into her before I was fully spent.  

"No more?" Amber laughed as she sat up, wiggled her ass and bucked on my cock, making sure I was fully spent.

"That was yummy ..." she whispered softly, leaning back while remaining impaled on my now spent cock.

"That is an understatement." I replied.

"Oh, what was that surprised squeal you let out earlier?" I asked

Amber laughed as she pointed to the door.

TO BE CONTINUED