 Once again I would like to thank angel love for the time she spent editing for me.

I looked at Rob who was looking around the room for Lori and Mark who were nowhere to be seen. I took the drinks and put them back on the bar. "Don't worry we can get more later. I need you to help me with something," I say.

"Sure anything," Rob looked straight back at me.

I pulled robs face down to mine and kissed him deep on the mouth. His tongue entered my mouth and I put mine into his. I pulled away and whispered in his ear, "My bra is annoying me, will you help me remove it?" 

Rob licked his lips and said, "Sure lets go!"

I took Rob by the hand and led him to the corner of the room. I pulled him into my arms and whispered into his ear, "You can take it off for me. Don't be scared to touch anything." 

"What even these?" he asked as he cupped my left tit.

"Make it good and you might get more than that," I cooed as I reached down and rubbed Rob's hard cock 

I felt Rob's hand leave my tit, move to my ass, and pull me closer, trapping my hand where it was. I continued to rub it hard. Rob's hand moved up to the back of my dress, however, he could not find the clasp. 

I whispered in his ear, "It's at the front. Get it off with no one seeing and you can see more."

Rob pulled back a little and kissed me full on the lips. He moved his hands down to my ass and then round to the front. I felt him rub between my legs pulling my dress tight. 

"Keep this up and you will be getting more I promise," he chuckled.

Rob pulled me back into his kiss and I felt his hand move up to my tits. His hand then slid down the front of my dress and played with my tits. Then they moved to the clasp and undid it. 

"All you have to do now is get it off," I giggled. 

"No problem. Easy, I would do anything for you," he growled.

My hand was still on his dick. He felt me pull down the zipper and then my hand entered his trousers. I went under his boxers and rubbed his cock slowly. Rob took my left arm and pushed it into the air and quickly slid the bra strap off of it. He then lowered it and pulled the bra off down the other arm.

"This is for me to keep then!" rob laughed.

"Sure you can keep it," I said as I licked my lips. "So you wanna do anything else then," I asked as I gripped his precum dick harder.

I looked into his eyes and they lit up. I removed my hand from his boxers and did up his zipper. I took him by the hand and led him off down a long corridor with double doors at the end of it that led to the stairs. When we got to the corridor Rob's hand went to my ass. I pushed back against his rock hard cock and moved my ass up and down rubbing against it. Rob spun me round and pushed me against the wall kissing me hard and moved his hands to my tits. My hands went straight to his dick, rubbed it for a minute, until I felt his hand go under my dress.

"Slow down there big boy. Not here. Can't you wait till we get through those doors?" I queried.

"No! You're to fucking hot!!" he almost shouted.

"Well I am not letting you slam that big hard member of yours into me here."

"Well what are we waiting for?" he asked.

I pushed rob away and ran for the double doors. Rob ran after me. When he came through the doors Rob's jaw dropped. I smiled and easily released my tits from my dress. Rob leaned forward while I lifted my left tit to his mouth. He sucked in my nipple and hummed the end of it, twirling it with his tongue. I lifted the second tit to him as he sucked, and licked. He was really getting into it and my hand had wandered down to his crotch to feel his thickness. It was even harder than before. 

I let a small moan leave my lips as he bit one of my tits. I undid the zipper and the button of his trousers and pulled them down, followed by his boxers. His 7-inch member sprang out from his boxers. My hand was like a magnet and went straight to it. I slowly slid my hand up and down it. 

I was enjoying the feeling so much I did not notice his hand go under my dress. I finally realized it was when he slowly rubbed my pussy lips. I gasped at first but then pushed forward onto his finger. Rob stuck one finger into my dripping wet cunt and one was playing with my clit. I fell forward and Rob caught me as I hit my first organism. 

Rob sat me down on the steps a couple up from the bottom. I opened me legs and rob dived into me tongue first. His tongue went straight to my clit and he entered a finger into my pussy. I moaned loudly and begged Rob to keep going. Rob's mind went wild as he pushed three fingers deep into my cunt and started to finger fuck me. After a couple minutes of this, my body started to shake as I hit my second organism. When I had recovered, I got up, pushed Rob down, and took his hard cock into my hand.

"You want this to be sucked?" I asked.

"Please just do it!" he begged.

"How well should I do it?" I teased.

"The very best you can. Please I can't wait any longer!!"

I licked the underside of his cock as he let out a low moan. I then took the mushroom into my mouth and sucked hard on it. Rob was going wild; he was very sensitive there. I then licked around the mushroom head of his dick with just my tongue. I felt his balls tighten so I slowed down. I didn't want this to end yet. After his balls had gone a bit softer I took his whole dick into my mouth and started bobbing up and down fast.

"I am cummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmming!" he screamed.

Rob blew a load of hot cum into my mouth. I drank every bit.

"So you up for anything else or are you finished now?" I asked in a hopeful voice.

"No way, this might be the only time I get to fuck you. So I am going to do just that," he quickly chimed in.

Rob stood up and picked me up as I wrapped my legs around him. I grabbed his cock and ran it up and down my slit driving me and him wild.

"You sexy bitch. Keep that up and you are going to get a good fucking!"

"I best keep it up then," I laughed as I pushed my tongue into his mouth.

Rob slammed me back onto the wall without breaking the kiss and rammed his dick into me. It was the best feeling ever. I had been lusting for this man ever since his and Lori's party. And after tonight I really wanted him inside me. He then pulled back and slammed it back into me again. I began to meet his thrusts. 

After about two minutes I whispered into his, "keep going I'm cummmmmmmming. Cum with me Rob, pleasssssse!!"

My head went back and I thrust my tits forward. Rob felt my pussy clamp around his cock. As I came his balls tightened and unloaded shot after shot of hot sticky cum into my pussy.

After we had finished we kissed for a couple more minutes then got dressed. Rob tried to give me my bra back but I said it was for him to keep.

As we went back into the dance hall we saw Mark and Lori coming out of another door to a conference room. Mark pressed her against the wall and kissed her hard. 

As they passed Lori looked up and asked giggling, "What have you two been up to then?"

"Same as you by the looks of it," I said as she kissed Mark and their tongues meet each others.

I laughed and said, "I'll bet I was better!"

"No way," Lori called out.

"Well maybe we can have a competition some day and find out who is better," I chided.

"Would you like that, boys?" Lori asked while licking her lips and going in for one more kiss with Mark.