 This story was inspired by a conversation I had with one of my 'research buddies' AKA 'Jack Sputnik.' He provided a few fantasies and some feedback, and I provided the rest. Hope you enjoy!

----------------

Janna heard the water running as she walked through the front door. 

'Excellent,' she thought. 'A chance to have some fun!'

Quickly slipping out of her clothes, she left a trail as she tiptoed into the bathroom. The mirrors were already steamed over, so Nathan never saw her coming towards him. Suddenly the door to the large tiled shower opened. He whirled around and then grinned.

"Home early? Or have I been here longer than I thought?"

Janna grinned at him, then slipped to the floor, taking his dick in her hands and smiling up at him.

"I'm home early. And, tonight, I'm yours to use however you want. I just hope you want a lot."

Nathan's cock jumped in her hands and he grinned down to her.

"So far, I like what you are doing. I want you to take me deep. I wanna fuck that beautiful mouth of yours."

Janna opened her mouth slowly and began licking his cock. It came to life quickly because of her talents and soon he was fully erect and thrusting deep into her hungry mouth. He loved it when his eight inches rubbed the back of her throat. Nathan could feel himself getting close and pulled back out. Janna looked up at him surprised.

Pulling her up, he turned her around to face the tiled wall and used his feet to spread her legs apart.

"Tell me you want me to take you," Nathan whispered to her, his voice deep with desire. "Tell me to fuck your ass."

"Ohhhh....mmmmm...yeahhh....baby," she moaned back to him. "Lick my ass and then fuck it. Fuck it hard. Cum deep inside of me. I wanna ride your hard cock."

Nathan dropped to his knees and spread her bum cheeks wide, eagerly diving into her crack. The angle made Janna lean forward and her size DD's rubbed against the cool tile, causing them to pucker and her to moan. Encouraged by the sounds she made, Nathan began licking up and down and then slid his tongue up her hole a few times. He loved it as she squealed and her body tensed.

He pulled back a moment just to gaze at the perfection that was so wonderfully close to his mouth. Stroking her smooth ass cheeks, he cupped them in his hands and then squeezed, pulling them apart so he could see that beautiful rosebud winking up at him.

"God, you have a fine ass. I love your ass. MY ass." Exploring her beautiful crack, Nathan began to thrust his tongue all along the crack, the whole time using his hands to pull her wide open for him. The more she moaned, the deeper and faster he probed.

He slowly stood back up, kissing her cheeks and then back and then shoulders as he made his way up her body.

"Are you ready?" he whispered to her.

"Yess... Oh God yess.."

"Too bad," he teased. "I need to taste you just a little bit more." 

Kissing back down her body, he worshipped her ass, slapping it softly, enjoying the pink glow that was beginning to show.

Nathan kissed her bum cheeks, enjoying licking the shower water as it rolled down her back. He cupped her beautiful cheeks in his hands, kneading the supple flesh and then eagerly plunged his tongue back into her ass once more. His tongue running up and down, he listened to her moans of pleasure. Her legs began to shake from the intensity of the sensations. Knowing he couldn't wait much longer, he withdrew his tongue, giving that lovely rosebud a final flick before standing again, his dick yearning to dive into her lovely entrance that was so proudly displayed.

"Fuck me now," she groaned to him, a begging quality to her voice. "I want you in me. I need it. Please, fill up my hole."

Nathan only grinned.

"In time," he moaned to her, his mouth by her ear now, kissing down her neck and shoulders.

His hands snaked their way down between her legs and he easily slipped a finger inside of her hot, wet pussy lips. Though they were both wet with water, her wonderful lips were slick with her own juices. She jumped as he worked his fingers in and out, finger fucking her pussy as his tongue danced along her back, slowly working his way down once more.

She shook with excitement.

"Soon? I want you to fuck me! Fuck my ass!"

Nathan's fingers began going faster as his tongue roamed freely over her ass, licking, kissing and biting her smooth, beautiful pink cheeks. He pulled back and slapped her cheek again, causing her to moan. Kissing the stinging, reddened skin, he smiled, knowing she was about to explode with a huge orgasm. Not able to hold back any longer, he moved his fingers to her clit, rubbing the nubbin as she panted with desire. Then he stood, moving into position. He could hardly wait to carry out her wishes.

Moving so that his dick was against her bum, he pulled her cheeks back and rubbed his hard rod up and down her crack. Stopping at her rosebud, he began to thrust forward, slowly at first, moving past her tightest part. Once he was through, they both gasped from the pleasure and he put his hands on top of hers where they leaned against the tile. 

As if one person, they moved, thrusting, pushing her nipples against the tile, his hands holding hers in place. Long, deep strokes began to build in intensity as he grew closer.

"Yes.... cum for me! Cum in me!" 

Nathan began to grunt as he pushed harder and faster, pounding her ass. His hips met her ass again and again as he ground deep into her, loving the tightness of her ass all around his thick dick. 

Her ass muscles massaged him as she spasmed from excitement. He was ready to cum, but tried to hold off. It just felt so good. Janna moaned deeply and thrust her ass as far back as she could on his cock. That was all he could take and he felt the incredible release. Janna screamed and her small body went rigid against him as she came. He thrust a few more times, milking every last bit of spunk from his body. As her orgasm began to subside, Janna almost melted into his body. The two stood there, with the hot water spilling over their spent bodies.

"Welcome home," he whispered. She moaned and squeezed her ass muscles, causing both of them to have another round of pleasure racing from their joined bodies.

"Thanks, Honey."

Janna pulled her hips forward, his cock slowly being released from her ass. She turned toward Nathan and kissed him softly at first since both were still panting heavily from their lovemaking. But, soon their tongues began to explore one another more aggressively as their passion ignited again. Janna wasn't finished. Not by a long way. Nathan was already getting hard again and they were in the perfect place to get clean and then dirty all over again.

Dropping to her knees once more, she began to clean his cock, caressing it and showering it with kisses.

"Again?" Nathan asked, grinning down to her. She said nothing, but took him in her mouth and began to suck the head and run her tongue up and down his shaft. Her hands moved behind him, finding his wonderful ass and squeezing his cheeks.

Nathan moaned and Janna doubled her efforts, enjoying that he was loving her skilled touches.

A loan finger made its way up his bum hole, sliding around and massaging him from the inside out. He jerked and almost came right then.

Janna's tongue worked Nathan's cock head, sucking him down so that he rubbed against the back of her throat. Her fingers, she was using two now, were rubbing back and forth in his ass, exploring and sliding in and out as he jerked and trembled under her touch.

Pumping her fingers faster, she began to fuck his ass. He grabbed her head and began to fuck her face. They moaned together as he came again. She swallowed his spunk, loving every drop.

Nathan leaned against the wall for support as he looked down at the sensual and seductive vision below him.

"Seems like turn about is only fair," he said, smiling at her tight, puckered nipples. "And I do love to suck some pussy."

Janna grinned and moved around in the shower, bracing herself in a corner, her legs spread wide. 

"Then come suck my pussy," she said, her voice sultry with desire.

Nathan was on his knees in a flash, his hands moving under her, cupping her ass and pulling her hips to his eager mouth. He made a seat of sorts with his hands, his fingers able to explore only a little as his mouth zeroed in on his target. Licking her hairy pussy lips first, he soon had the lips pushed apart enough to enjoy her juices. Lapping up her slit, he tasted her cum from earlier and delighted in coating his mouth and chin with her goodness. Thrusting his tongue deep into her eager hole, he felt her spasm around his talented muscle.

He listened to her panting and moaning as he moved upward, working on her clit. Her legs began to slide as she lost her balance, her mind unable to do anything but concentrate on her clit and his tongue.

"Nat...I'm so close...Yess...." 

Janna panted and began rubbing her nipples, pulling and twisting the hard tips. Using both hands, she pulled a breast up to her mouth, bending her neck to reach the treasure. Suckling her own nipple, she licked and flicked it with her tongue and then sucked deeply, making it stand out even further. As he tongue worked her clit, her own tongue worked her nipple. 

Then, she felt it... the orgasm was rushing in on her.

Moaning with her tit still in her mouth, she closed her eyes and her body shook. Nathan continued to lap at her as his chin was covered by her cum. She finally dropped the nipple from her mouth as she screamed out in ecstasy and put her hands in his hair, trying to pull him back from her incredibly sensitive nubbin.

Nathan finally relented and laughed, slowly lowering her back to her feet and then stood, pulling her close and hugging her tightly.

"Wanna order in? I'm exhausted," he whispered to her.

"I don't know," she replied with a smile up to him. "We just had some really good delivery."