 I’ve always been very sexually active and my first year of college was no exception.

Ever since I can remember, I’ve been told that I’m beautiful. At 5’4”, 100lbs (2% body fat, thanks to my genetics, and a strategic workout plan help me keep a Britney Spears frame), emerald green eyes, dark brown hair that hangs down to my ass, caramel skin, big tits (32 D naturally thanks to mom), and a face to match, I’m an exotic beauty. 

Moving day was so exciting. Living in the dorms, being away from your parents, not having to answer to them, felt liberating. After everything was moved in and all my family had left, I began to unpack wondering where my roommate was. As I put some of my clothes away in the closet I heard a knock on the door. 

There stood one of the most gorgeous guys I had ever seen. He was 6’2”, short blonde spiky hair, hazel eyes, wide shoulders with a tapered waist (he had to be a football player), a nice big bulge in his khaki shorts, and not to mention a face as handsome as Brad Pitts’. From the moment I saw him I knew I had to fuck him.

“Hey, I’m Danny,” he said as he came in with his hand extended. “You must be a freshmen.”

“Why would you say that,” I asked him.

He laughed, “Well because I know if I had seen you around here before, that I would’ve already met you. What’s your name gorgeous?”

“Kellie,” I laughed. “Nice to meet you Danny. So which room on this floor are you in?”

“Me and my roommate Cade live right across the hall. Hey Cade! Come meet Kellie,” he screamed towards the door.

In came a guy who looked like he could be nominated for the biggest nerd award. At 5’8” he was really thin, super skinny legs, brown hair in a bowl cut, glasses, and clothes that made him look like he was still 12 years old. But I think if you just updated his look he could be cute. I mean he had a darling face, but he was definitely hiding it behind those huge glasses.

“Cade, this is Kellie. Kellie, Cade. I have a feeling we all will be hanging out a lot this year.” Danny said with a sexy smile on his face.

“Hey Cade, it’s really nice to meet you.”

“You too,” he said in a squeaky high pitched voice. 

God he was shy. But too be honest I was way more focused on Danny. After shooting the shit for a while, Danny asked me if I would like to get some dinner and drinks on him. I was all for it. He invited Cade a long as well, but he declined due to some website stuff he had to update. So we went alone.

Danny took me to this little hole in the wall restaurant and we started out at the bar. He ordered me drink after drink until I was feeling pretty drunk. We finally decided to go sit down for some dinner at a nice booth in the corner. We snuggled close in the booth and I could sense the sexual tension between us. I felt his hand rest on my right thigh and slowly begin to rub. I didn’t object so he continued and got a bit bolder. Wearing a black tube top and a khaki mini skirt I knew I looked hot. Suddenly his hand moved lower, gently rubbing between my thighs. He looked into my eyes and we passionately began to kiss. Our tongues danced in and our of each other mouths and I felt him spread my legs more. Suddenly I felt his fingers spread my pussy lips ( by the way I never wear underwear and I mean never) and he began to slide his middle finger up and down my clit. God he was making me wet. I thought I would return the favor and I unzipped his shorts and took out his long, thick, cock. He had to have been about 9 inches and that made me happy because I like them big. I started to slowly slide my hand up and down his cock and he showed his appreciation by sliding a finger into my cunt. With both of us practically moaning out loud as he finger fucked my tight pussy, I took my other hand and began to play with his balls. That was it. 

He broke our kissing session and whispered in my ear, “Follow me you little slut.”

Mmmm, I can’t tell you how much I like to be called a slut. I guess I love the truth. So he slipped his fingers out of my pussy, put his cock back in his pants, zipped them and proceeded to lick his finger off tasting my juices. He grabbed my hand and led me out of the booth and down a dim hallway. 

“Where are we go…,” I started to ask before he pushed me against the wall and covered my mouth.

“Somewhere we can be completely alone. God girl, I can’t wait to fuck that sweet, tight cunt of yours.”

Damn he knew that I was his fuck doll. He led me to the men’s room, told me to wait outside, and went in to make sure no one was in there. He led me in, picked me up, and sat me down on the sink. Although it was a bathroom that could accommodate several gentlemen, there was a lock on the main door. Danny went over to the door, locked it, and practically ran back over to where I was sitting. He began to kiss me and slowly pulled down my tube top revealing my huge tits. He stopped for a moment to look at my body. I laid back, pulled my top over my head, slowly lifted my mini skirt up and began to finger myself as I played with my left tit. I lifted it up to my mouth and began to suck on my nipple. That was it for him. He almost ripped off his T-shirt and I hopped off the sink and dropped to my knees. I pushed him against the stall directly behind him and began to unbuckle his shorts and slowly pull down his boxers. I took his huge cock in my hand and slowly glided my hand up and down his slick shaft. I looked into his eyes and licked the pre-cum of the tip of his head.

“God I just love to suck a big, thick, cock.”

That just sent him over the edge. All he did was moan, grab the back of my head, and push my mouth down onto his cock. I began to suck his dick like I was stranded in the desert and I was sucking a cactus dry for water. He couldn’t stop moaning.

“Suck my cock baby, god you suck so good. Damn, oh, oh, keep going. If you suck anything like you fuck, I just might have to marry you.”

I love to suck dick so I was just moaning as I slid my mouth and tongue all up and down his beautiful cock. I could feel him coming close to the edge, so I began to play with his balls with my right hand, and reached around to play with his asshole with my left. That made him go wild. With a deep low groan, he put both his hands on the back of my head and began to fuck my face hard and fast. Having sucked so much dick, it was really easy to deep throat him and I could literally feel his cock down my throat, and his balls slapping against my chin.

“Oh my god, that’s it. I’m cumming. I’m cumming right down your throat. Oh god you fucking little slut,” he practically screamed as he began to shake and empty his load down my throat. Once he was finished, he pulled his cock out of my mouth and I finished swallowing all his cum. Mmmm, he was tasty, really tasty. “I hope that was okay,” I asked him as I stood up.

He looked like he had just seen a ghost. 

“God, I have never cum so hard in my life.”

“Well I hope you will be able to cum to life again real soon ‘cause my pussy is aching for a good fuck,” I said to him as I sat back up on the sink.

“Oh I think I can help you out until it does.”

We began to kiss again and he slowly worked his way down to my 32 D tits. Roughly sucking and biting my nipples, he kneaded them in this hands like he was kneading doe. He was getting me so hot I started to reach down and finger my pussy and clit.

“No, you don’t,” he said. “Allow me.”

He bent down to his knees parted my legs to reveal a tight shaved cunt. All he could mumble was, “Mmm.” He pushed me back so he could spread my legs and pussy as wide as he wanted them to be. Spread eagle on the sink, he dipped down to my asshole, and in one continuous motion, he slowly licked from my tight little hole all the way to my clit. God it made me shiver. Then he practically attacked my clit, sucking hard but biting gently. I began to moan.

“Oh yeah baby, treat me like the slut I am. Uhh, uhh, uhh..,” was all I said. From then on it was just loud moans and grunts.

He proceeded to eat my pussy, fucking me with his tongue and fingers, and teasing my asshole ever so slightly. All of it felt so good I couldn’t control myself. I took his head in my hands and pushed his face into my pussy. I began to grind myself on his face as I moaned uncontrollably. I wasn’t too worried about him not being able to breath because all I wanted was to cum all over his face. As I was getting close, he slipped three fingers into my pussy and one in my ass and just fucked me as hard as he could. That sent me over the edge.

“Oh god, oh god, I’m cumming all over your face baby. Fuck yeah oh oh oh,” I screamed. Thank god the restaurant was loud because someone would’ve have thought I was being beaten to death.

After I had finally calmed down and released his head, he stood up with his face glistening with my pussy juices and the biggest erection I had ever seen. I swear that he was so fucking turned on that his cock stood completely still like an iron rod. 

As I tried to catch my breath, he took my legs, spread them as far as they could go, and stuffed his fat cock right up my pussy. It was a tight fit but it felt so good. I felt like I was being filled up by a steel rod. He grabbed my hips and began to fuck me hard, pulling me onto him. I just grabbed his shoulders and braced myself. With a steady hard and fast pace, he started to fuck the shit of me. I love it nice and rough and I began to moan uncontrollably. 

“Oh fuck yeah, fuck me. Uhh, oh shit. Fuck me Danny. Fuck me hard. Treat me like your little fuck doll. You do whatever you want to me.”

His eyes illuminated and he pulled his cock out of me, had me turn around, and bent me over the sink while he stuck his dick in me from behind. He began to spank my ass as he did so and continued to fuck the shit out of me. He was talented because while he smacked my ass and fucked me hard, he reached around and rubbed my clit. God I was wet.

“Oh look, nhh, nhh, the little slut loves it. Your fucking pussy is so tight baby. How can you have such a tight pussy and be such a slut?”

“Oh, oh,oh, fuck do you really care? Just keep fucking me. Nhh, nhh, oh fuck your cock is so fucking nice baby. Enough talking. You have a job to do,” I looked back at him to say.

“Yes ma’am,” he said as he grabbed my hips and began to pound the shit out of my pussy.

He was fucking me so hard that my clit was rubbing up against the sink and fucking me in time with his cock. I could feel my orgasm begin to build and I stood up, let his cock slip out. I had other plans. I laid on the floor and pulled my legs to my chest. I wanted to see his face when we both came. I wanted to see his enjoyment as he dumped his load into my sweet, tight pussy.

He mounted me missionary style and went to town. He fucked me hard with our skin slapping together. I was speechless. No one had ever fucked me so good that I couldn’t even get a moan out. He looked directly in my eyes and began to tense up and fuck even faster.

“Oh yeah, nhh, nhh, I hope you’re on the pill ‘cause I’m about to cum in your tight cunt baby,” he breathed.

That was it. We were both done for. He continued to fuck me while we orgasmed at the same time. I began to shake as he emptied his load in my tight cunt. His cock was being milked by my pussy and he loved it. Fuck I love it too. We both stayed where we were for a while and just looked at each other. I had never cum so hard in my life. I don’t think he had either. Once we composed ourselves, we cleaned up, got dressed, and came out of the men’s room. As we opened the door there was a fat balding man with his cock out. He had obviously been listening the whole entire time. Danny and I just laughed as we walked by. He quickly zipped up his pants and turned bright red. I pretended to drop something and bent down to pick it up, showing him my nice cum covered slit. As I stood up, I looked back to see him with his mouth wide open. 

Me and Danny decided that we had enough of the restaurant and it was time to head back to the dorms. 

I wondered if my roommate had ever shown up so I peeked in my room. No sight of her. I felt two strong arms wrap around my waist and I looked back.

“Hey you. Come sleep with me in my room. I know how lonely it can get when you have no roommie.”

I laughed. “Well as long as we can fuck one more time to put ourselves to sleep.” I can never sleep unless I get off right before. 

“Hmm, I think that can be arranged,” he laughed as he picked me up and carried me to his room. 

Damn, it was the first day and I already loved college.

To be continued…