 Let me tell you a story that happened to me a few years back. 

I had just graduated from college with a fine arts degree in painting. My interests in college ran to partying and sex, and that lifestyle drifted into my art; I found myself painting erotic art more and more. Each piece I did was charged with sex, and there were moments in my studio were I was so hot, I would take a break to relieve the tension.

I managed to live off my savings for a while, but came to realize that a painting major was not a major that commanded a paycheck, much less a big one. So, I sent out resumes for office work and began taking classes for massage therapy at night to pay the bills. I wasn't having much luck in the job search, till one Monday, when I got a call requesting I come in for an interview with a law firm downtown the next day.

As I got ready Tuesday morning, I realized I was nervous, so I dressed to kill. After my shower, I stood in my bedroom, looking at my reflection. Long black hair curled nicely down my back, the ends resting just above my nipples. I ran my fingers over them lightly and smiled as I watched the little, light brown tips harden. I slipped on a frilly pink bra, then the matching crotch-less panties, smoothing the elastic band over slim hips. The material was a fine mesh and looked so good framing my newly shaven lips that I turned this way and that, bending over a little to look my pussy. I brushed my hand over my mound, enjoying the tingle that went through my body. I already felt better.

I finished dressing, pulling on a pink button down shirt and a tight grey skirt that hit right below my knees. No sense offending the interviewer with indecent exposure; I'd wait till I had the job first! Pausing only to step into black high heels and grab my purse, I touched up my makeup and headed out.

Arriving with plenty of time, I parked and walked into the building, moving my hips suggestively as I caught sight of some handsome businessmen looking my way, even winking at one when he stumbled. I laughed to myself as I waited for an elevator; men were so easy and I enjoyed them immensely. There was little I didn't like about the male body – hard bodies and harder cocks made Mischa a happy, happy girl. If the interview went well, maybe I'll treat myself to one tonight.

Pushing that thought out of my mind as I got into the elevator, I barely noticed those around me as I headed up, my eyes staring at the numbers ticking by as I practiced my answers. One by one they got out, till it was just me and an attractive man left.  

I leaned against the wall, smiling as I took him in. Mid-forties, trim, with a healthy tan. The tone of his body led me to believe this man was an athlete, maybe volleyball, because his tan looked natural and there were lighter streaks in his dark brown hair. Just a touch of gray around the temples, and a fairly stern mouth. Five to one he was the CEO or at least high in the company; he looked as if he didn't like hearing "no" very often. If he told me to do something, an activity that hopefully involved little to no clothing, I would not deny or defy him. 

My skin started tingling, and I pressed my thighs together a little. This was not an appropriate reaction right before I went into an interview! And the man was old enough to be my father; granted, he would have been a young father, but still. Actually, the idea appealed to me; I wouldn't mind playing "his little girl". 

He turned towards me just then, catching me staring at him. I felt my cheeks flush, but managed a smile.

"Hot day, isn't it?" As he spoke his eyes raked over me, his gaze lingering on my breasts and nipples, which stood up at the attention. The corner of his mouth tilted up a little, and I barely suppressed a sigh. I found his mouth undeniably sexy.

"Mmhm, I hear it's going to be a scorcher."

"Did you feel the earthquake earlier this morning?" 

"Earthquake?" Being a California native, earthquakes didn't scare me, but I was definitely concerned about one striking while I was in the elevator.

No sooner was that thought out of my head when the elevator screeched to a stop, the main lights flickering several times before going out completely, leaving just the emergency lights. The walls shook gently at first, then harder. 

The movement made me lose my balance, and wearing such high heels, I never had a chance. I pitched forward, and the man moved to catch me. I clung to his shoulders a little harder and longer than necessary, more to get closer to him than anything else. He had broad shoulders, which, in my heels, were the perfect height for me to rest my head against, so I did, breathing in his cologne.

"Are you okay?" he asked in my ear, and shivering against him, but not because of the earthquake, I told him I was.

The shaking didn't last long, but did seem to have stopped the elevator for the time being. A voice came over an unseen intercom, advising all elevator passengers to remain calm. The man reached out with one arm and snagged the phone. After a brief conversation, he turned to me. 

"There was another earthquake. It seems to have tripped some circuits or something, so the elevators are out of commission. They don't know how long it'll take."

I groaned. What an impression to leave with the first interview I had gotten since starting my search! I opened my purse to check my phone, intending to call and let the firm know I was stuck in an elevator. I flipped it open and stared glumly at the screen: No Service. 

"Do you happen to have service?" I asked him hopefully. He pulled out his own cell phone, but shook his head.

"No. Damn things. They never work when you want them to." He laughed a little and leaned back against the wall. 

There was nothing to do about contacting the firm; I was stuck, so the man and I made small talk for a while. When the announcer came back on and said it would be at least another hour or so till the elevator service could resume, the man looked at me, and smiled. We were still fairly close together, his fingers stroking my arm. 

"How shall we spend our time?" he murmured, his gaze dropping down to my body. I licked my lips, figured what the hell, and pressed against him, front to front.

"Oh, I don't know," I replied casually, as I rubbed against him, my hands sliding under his jacket. I could already feel his erection against my belly, and I tilted my head to the side. "I really hate small places. Maybe you could distract me to keep my mind off of it?"

"I could do that," he said, his mouth coming down hard on mine, his hands reaching around me to up my ass, kneading my cheeks as he pulled me closer. My hands stroked his chest, moving to undo his tie. 

"Tell me how you'll distract me." I loosened his tie enough to slip over his head, and tossed it behind me, my hands attacking his buttons as I pressed him against the wall, my tongue tracing the line of his jaw. I wanted to feel his skin pressed against mine, and I wanted it now.

"We probably shouldn't do this. I mean, you're young enough to be my daughter," he stuttered. I took advantage of his pause to pull off his blazer and shirt.

"I'm 22," I replied, unzipping his pants and sliding one hand in to grasp his cock, grinning as his eyes closed. "How old are you?"

"I'm 45." He rested his head against the wall, his hands gripping my hips tightly.

"And you don't want to do this?" I placed open-mouth kisses on his chest. "You don't want to undress a woman half your age and fuck her against the wall? Feel your thick cock sliding into her young pussy?"

His cock twitched in my hand, and I knew I had him.

"Or maybe you do. Maybe it's something you really, really want." I stepped back, unbuttoning my shirt and letting it hang open as I played with my breasts. I turned, hands against the wall, feet spread as far as my fitted skirt would allow. I pushed my ass out a little, looking at him over my shoulder, a naughty smile curving up my lips. "Do you want me to call you Daddy?"

That seemed to be the only incentive he needed. He growled, and took the three steps needed to cross the elevator to me. He pressed that big body of his against me, his hands cupping my breasts, fingers pinching and rolling my nipples. I moaned a little, squirming so my ass brushed against his cock.

"Daddy, I'm scared of being trapped here." I felt his hands leave my breasts and undo the zipper at the back of my skirt, pushing it down my legs.

"Sshh, sweetheart, it's okay. Daddy's going to make it all better." He helped me step out of the skirt, then turned me around, spreading my legs a bit. His hands gripped my ankles, and I trembled as he gazed up at my bare pussy. It was aching and already wet, so I knew he could see the moisture clinging to my lips. His indrawn breath made me hot, and he traced the edges of my panties with a single finger.

"And what are these?" he whispered, staring at the thin straps on either side of my slit, his finger moving up the inverted V of the open crotch.

"They're some of my special panties." Over and over, his finger moved, touching nothing but the edges, ignoring my throbbing clit and my opening. I struggled not to writhe too much, but he was slowing driving me insane. "Do you like them, Daddy?"

"Mmm, I like these pretty pink panties very much. Did you wear them just for me, honey?" His other hand came up to grasp my thigh, lifting it so I was completely exposed, and I enjoyed the hungry look in his eye. 

"Oh, yes, Daddy." I nodded my head, biting on my lip as he ever so slowly kissed my clit, just the tip of his tongue moving it back and forth. I grasped the bar that ran behind me and around the elevator tightly, my eyes closing, my hips pushing forward just a little bit.

"No, honey, look at me. I want you to watch as Daddy makes it better. Stay as still as possible, okay, baby?" Oh God, he was going to make me cum just by looking up at me, his tongue licking up my entire slit, sucking lightly as he reached my clit. Every so often, he would dip his tongue into my opening, rubbing me on the inside before pulling back and slipping two fingers into me. His mouth finally rested on my clit, working it against his teeth and tongue as he pushed deeper and deeper into me with his fingers. 

It was so hot to see his face pressed against my pussy, catching glimpses of my juices around his mouth, seeing him staring at me as he tasted me that I began to wiggle, moving my hips faster and faster. I was so close to having an incredible orgasm, just a little bit further, and I could cum all over his handsome face.

Abruptly, he pulled back, a frown on his face. He stood in front of me, kicking off his pants and boxers, his dick bouncing up, nice and hard and thick. I sighed and licked my lips at the sight of it, my hand reaching out to stroke it. He moved the material of my bra cup down enough to suck on my nipple before kissing me deeply. I tasted myself on his lips, his chin, at licked at my juices there. He moved back just a little, tapping a finger on my nose, pulling away from my grasp.

"You are a naughty girl. Didn't I tell you to stay still?" 

"I just...you were making me feel so good about being stuck in here, Daddy-" 

"Yes or no, young lady?"

"Yes, Daddy. You told me to stay still." I pouted a little, kissing his lips softly. "I'm sorry, Daddy. I just felt so good."

"We don't have much time, but Daddy forgives you, sweetheart. I still have to punish you for disobeying me, but then I'm going to make you feel so much better." He turned me around so I was facing the wall again, one hand running through my hair. I felt his cock slide in between my lips, the head bumping against my clit. I whimpered, spreading my legs open a little further. 

"No punishment, Daddy, please!"

"Yes, honey. I have to spank you for being bad." His hand came down on my ass hard, then remained to rub the spot. "Every time I spank you, I want you to say 'I'm sorry, Daddy'." He spanked me again, and leaned over me to bite at my shoulder lightly, the head of his cock resting against my wet opening.

"I'm sorry, Daddy," I murmured obediently as he spanked me over and over. My body shook, and my brain screamed in frustration. Each time he hit my ass, he pushed his cock a little deeper into me. Finally, his thick cock was deep inside of me.

"My little girl is so wet for Daddy, isn't she? So hot for me," he whispered in my ear, his hand tugging lightly on my hair as he fucked me, his rhythm rapid. I could feel his cock throbbing in my pussy and moaned at the feelings he gave me. "Aren't you?" 

"Oh, god, yes. Yes, I'm so hot for you, Daddy," I moaned, meeting each of his thrusts with one of my own. I felt him hit my G spot repeatedly and knew I wasn't far from getting off. "I love how you make me feel, fucking me like this, Daddy. You made my sweet pussy so hot, I'm going to cum on your cock, Daddy."

I was crying out, oblivious to everything but his cock pounding into me, stretching me. It was a glorious feeling, and so intense! His body was stretched over my back, one hand on the wall by my head, supporting him, the other manipulating my breasts and nipples. He was fucking me so hard, I was perched on my toes. 

"Cum for me, baby, cum on Daddy's dick, then Daddy will cum in your mouth." His words were too much; my body, sensitive and already so close to an orgasm, erupted around him, clenching him tight. My back arched, and I leaned my head against his shoulder, incredible sensations running through me. I stayed like that until the waves passed, sighing with pleasure as he pulled out and turned me around.

"Suck my cock now, honey, take me in your mouth." I didn't need to be asked twice. I dropped to my knees, running my fingertips over his gorgeous cock. I tilted my head forward, running my tongue up his length before opening my mouth and taking him in. I tasted myself on him, and cleaned his dick off, licking every inch. I felt a fine tremor go through him, and slipped his cock past my lips and deep into my mouth. His hands came up to play with my hair, then holding me in place as he fucked my mouth. Knowing he had to be close, I reached down and played with his balls.

"Oh, god, baby," he groaned as he came. I tried to swallow as much of his load as I could, but a little dribbled out. He reached down, smiling at me, and wiped the corner of my mouth, breathing heavily. I leaned forward, sucking his cum off his finger.

"That is probably the hottest sight I've seen since taking you against that wall." I laughed at him as I stood, rearranging my clothing.

"We probably don't have much time," I said with satisfaction, stretching. He leaned forward and kissed me, giving my ass a light pat and rub.

"No, probably not." We helped each other get dressed, and just in time, too. The voice over the intercom came back on to say they have fixed the problem at the same time the main lights flickered back on and the elevator began moving again. 

My floor came up, and he moved to the doors as well. I met his gaze, and he smiled at me, bowed slightly, and exited. I paused in the hallway, collecting myself, checking my makeup one last time. The last thing I wanted to do right now was go through an interview, but my bills needed to be paid. One last breath and I stepped through into a reception area for the law firm. I announced myself to a pleasant blonde receptionist, and was led to an empty office.

"Just make yourself comfortable. Dan, who will be interviewing you today, was also caught in an elevator. He'll be right in." 

I settled into a plush chair in front of a big, wide oak desk. I was rehearsing some answers to take my mind off the wild experience in the elevator when Dan the interview came bustling in.

"I'm sorry to keep you waiting, Ms. Davis. As you heard, there was a problem with the elevators and I was caught in one-"

I turned, rising from my chair, surprised. No, it couldn't be...Dan the interviewer was the man from the elevator! 

Dan also looked shocked, and gripped the doorknob tightly, before slowly stepping into the room and closing the door. A smile appeared on his lips as he stopped in front of me, his fiercely handsome face softening.

"I'm Dan Grayson. I'm one of the partners here." He extended his hand and I slid my own into it.

"Mr. Grayson, hello. I'm Mischa Davis." I couldn't help but laugh. "It's nice to meet you."