 He watched her skirt lift again as she bent down to pick up the tennis ball. The g-string cut into her smooth tight ass and Steve unconsciously licked his lips.

"Mmmm, I'm hungry," he murmured to himself.

She always wore the g when they played tennis; Jessica knew it drove him crazy. Today she was wearing the pink one. He breathed in deeply, remembering how the soft cotton felt against his face. 

Steve flinched as the tennis ball flew past him. As he trotted off to pick it up, he reflected upon their previous tennis games. They would often build up a sweat on the court, Jess often missing the ball intentionally to flash him her sweet ass. Then later, they'd follow up with some good hard fucking. 

Usually they managed to wait till they got home, but last month they could only manage to get as far as the health club showers. After the attendant walked in on Jessica giving him head in the cubicle, their membership had been revoked. Stupid fucking attendant! If he knew what was good for him, he would've enjoyed the view. Jessica doesn't mind the attention. 

So now they had joined the Kingston Park Tennis Club across town. Hopefully they'd remain members for more than three months.

The sun was going down and the club had all but cleared out. Steve looked at his watch then up at Jess. She smiled, twirled around and flashed her ass again.

"I think it's time to go home," he smiled.

"You bet my ass," she replied.

"No, I bite your ass," Steve retorted.

"Only if you're lucky," Jess smiled.

Jess walked back to her tennis bag that was resting against the wire fence of the courts. She picked up the water bottle and squirted it into her mouth. As Steve approached, she turned suddenly to him and squirted water into his face.

"That's for being cheeky," she proclaimed with an evil grin.

"Me? Cheeky?" he said in mock surprise, "I'm not the one with my ass hanging out."

He reached under her skirt and squeezed one of her ass cheeks, sliding his fingers down between her thighs.

"May I?" he asked, reaching for the water bottle. He ran his fingers along the length of her g-string as he gulped down the water. Jess moved herself gently against his hand. Unexpectedly, Steve turned the bottle back to Jess then squirted it at her face. The sudden pressure caused the lid to fly off and the bottle emptied onto Jessica's face and t-shirt.

"You fucking asshole!" she shouted as she turned and thumped him in the arm.

"Oh my god, I'm so sorry," he said, backing off, worried by her reaction.

"Do you realise what you've done?" she continued, "You've gone and wet my new bra!" Jess was unable to finish without laughing bringing a sigh of relief from Steve.

"I suppose you're going to have to take it off then," Steve suggested hopefully.

"You bet I am," Jess agreed, reaching behind to undo the clasp.

As Jess pulled her bra out through her sleeve, Steve noticed how the wet t-shirt clung to her firm, rounded breasts. Her nipples grew quickly, excited by the cool evening breeze and Steve's watchful eye. 

He stepped forward and began to fondle each of her C-cup breasts, one in each hand. Slightly bigger than a handful, his perfect size. He was always trying to cup each one perfectly but could never quite stretch his fingers enough. A never ending a challenge that he could happily attempt all day.

Steve rubbed Jess's nipples, pinching them lightly. She moved closer to kiss him, pushing her hips against him to see if he was hard. He moved his right hand down to her ass and pulled her against him, ensuring she felt how horny he was. 

Jess reached up and pulled Steve's face down to meet hers. As their mouths met, she ran her hand up under his t-shirt to explore his muscular back. He was sticky with sweat and she instinctively licked his neck. She bit along his shoulder line and pulled on his earlobe with her teeth. Steve returned the bites and then moved his mouth down to her right breast. He sucked at the nipple through the t-shirt, biting it with his lips while continuing to pinch and fondle the other one

He lifted Jess's t-shirt over her breasts and gazed lustfully at her engorged pink nipples. He squeezed both breasts and in turn tried to devour each one. He was gagging on her flesh and loving it. Steve felt her breathing become deeper and she leant back against the wire fence to steady herself.

Steve straightened up to kiss Jess, trapping her against the fence. He pinched her nipple firmly, making her gasp. He slowly slid his hand down to her thigh and ran his finger along her panty line. He knew he was driving her wild.

"Should we be doing this here?" Jess asked between breaths. She didn't want him to stop but she didn't want to throw away another club membership.

"Does it look like anyone's around? Rob doesn't come out to lock the courts till after eight. We've got at least another half hour."

"Cool, 'cause I really don't want to stop."

Steve smiled at her and moved his lips back to hers. As their tongues danced, he started to rub her pussy through her panties.

"Oh no, it feels as though your new panties got wet too," Steve said with a smile between kisses, "We wouldn't want them to get ruined too."

"Suppose not," Jess smiled back.

Steve knelt down in front of Jessica. She held up her skirt and he ran his fingers along the inside of the waistband of her g-string. She squeezed her thighs together as he tugged at her panties, wanting to feel the fabric pull against her skin. He examined her shaved pussy and could see a slight glistening of wetness in its fold. As she stepped out of her panties, Steve tossed them aside, not once taking his eyes off her moist beauty.

He leant in and ran his tongue up and down her slit, delving a little deeper with each stroke. As he brushed against her clitoris, Jessica gasped and grabbed the fence at her sides, allowing her skirt to fall over Steve's head.

She moved her feet apart, welcoming him into her. He pulled apart her folds and drowned himself in her, moving his head rapidly to experience every part of her at the same time. Jessica pulled away to lighten the intensity then pushed forward to feed his hunger. She felt his fingers exploring inside. She thought about how she didn't feel them enter her, she must be so wet.

She felt Steve's wet fingers slide back to her ass. He toyed with her asshole then slipped one inside. More fingers were inside her cunt and his tongue was flicking at her clit. She lifted herself up and down using her grip on the fence, thrusting herself onto his face and hands. With so many great feelings, she knew she could not last long. She started to moan with each thrust, pushing harder and harder down onto him. As she reached a peak, she looked up and for the first time noticed the pink sunset.

"Ah, so fucking beautiful," She said between breaths, and at that moment she felt herself explode, a rush of electricity shooting down her legs. Her body stiffened and clenched while inside she spasmed in ecstasy. Her head felt light and hazy and for a moment she forgot who she was.

Steve slid his hands down to embrace each thigh and licked her gently while her body subsided and her mind returned. He heard her sigh and looked out from under her skirt.

"That was fucking amazing," she said, shaking her head, "I'm still really dizzy".

He stood up, wiping his face on his t-shirt.

"You are so wet," he said with glee.

"I know," she replied, "I could hear it and feel it".

They kissed passionately, Jessica pulling herself into Steve to get the most of the tingling sensations still buzzing around her pussy. He massaged her ass, fingering her asshole.

"Can I fuck your ass?" he whispered.

"Mmmm," she nodded approvingly. 

She had been hoping he would ask. She had never told Steve how much she craved ass-fucking; she wanted to keep it as something special... let him think she was treating him. In reality, Jess loved to feel her asshole being stretched. It made her feel dirty and as horny as hell. 

Steve turned Jess round to face the fence. She parted her legs and pushed her ass out towards him. He slid his finger between her thighs, into her pussy and back round to her ass. She was so wet, his finger slid in and out easily. He knelt down and spread her ass cheeks with his hands. Steve ran his tongue around her ass and pushed it inside. Jess moaned and pushed Steve's hands away. Using her hands, she spread her ass cheeks so wide she thought they might tear. His tongue explored deeper as she pushed herself back onto his face.

Steve slid two fingers in and out of her pussy, her juices covering his hand. He replaced his tongue with his fingers, easing them gently into her ass and rotating them to relax her. 

With his other hand, Steve pulled his shorts down a little, allowing his eight-inch cock to flick upwards against his stomach. With his fingers still in Jess's ass, he began to rub her pussy with his other hand. She bent forward, giving him full access to both holes. He filled her pussy with his cock, slowly thrusting, going as deep as he could. 

"Fuck me now, fuck me hard!" she demanded, grabbing the fence in preparation. The teasing was killing her.

He pulled out his wet, slippery cock and pushed it into her ass, sliding his fingers free. He spread her cheeks again, gazing intensely at his cock gliding slowly in and out of her, enjoying the tightness from tip to base as he moved.

"I said HARD!" Jess growled, knocking Steve out of his stupor.

In response, Steve grabbed her hair and yanked her head up to his. "I'll give you hard", he growled back.

Steve pushed forward, ramming Jess against the fence. He thrust into her forcefully over an over, squeezing her tighter, hearing her gasp for air. She felt herself lift from the ground with each thrust, her tits and face crammed against the metal, trying to force their way through. Her pussy rubbed up and down the wire, bringing her closer to climax. 

She imagined a stranger standing outside the fence tongueing her clit. Just when she thought she couldn't take anymore, Steve reached around and drove his hand into her pussy, grabbing at it roughly and forcing three fingers inside her. He used his hand and his cock to move her around, fucking her as deep as possible. He grabbed her tit with his other hand, squeezing her nipple till it burnt. He knew she couldn't last much longer. 

Jess's gasps turned into moans. She gave in to the multitude of pleasure sensations ravaging her body. She forgot where she was and what she was doing as the surging ball of energy inside her burst and white light masked her vision.

Feeling Jess shudder sent Steve over the edge. He grabbed the fence with his hands and pounded her against the wire, closing his eyes to see his bulging cock thrusting inside her, preparing to release its load. He felt himself explode and pulled out to watch his cum shoot across her ass. As his orgasm subsided, he rubbed his cock up and down the crease of her ass.

They collapsed against the fence, Steve wrapping his arms around Jessie's waist.

"Fuck I love your tight ass," he whispered in her ear.

"Yeah I love tennis too," she responded obliviously, "We should get going, Rob'll be out here soon."

"Yeah", Steve agreed, "We'll shower at home". He raised an eyebrow and smiled.

"OK, I'll meet you at the car, I've just gotta pick up one of those tai chi pamphlets I promised my Mum".

While Steve picked up the tennis gear and Jess's underwear, she made her way to health club office. She straightened her skirt and decided to ignore the dribble of cum that ran down her leg. As she stepped up to the counter, she looked down and realised that her tits were still plainly visible through her t-shirt.

"What the hell," she shrugged, "Rob needs a thrill".

She looked at Rob sitting behind the counter and saw that he was already admiring her tits. Rob was in his late forties, fit of course, but shy and awkward. Jess often wondered how she could help bring him out of his shell, but not now, Steve was waiting in the car. 

She asked for the pamphlet and he stepped away from his desk to get one from the file cabinet. Jess glanced sideways and saw a picture of the tennis courts on Rob's computer screen. 

"Oh, so you can watch the tennis courts from here huh?" She asked curiously as he handed her the pamphlet.

"Oh yes, I can see all the courts from here," he replied nervously, "... and I must say, you and Steve are very good!" He smiled and began to blush.

"Yeah I think we're pretty good too." Jess nodded in appreciation. 

She turned and walked towards the door. As she left the office she called "See you next week!" Jess lifted her skirt and flashed her ass to Rob as the door closed behind her. 

"You never know, one day you might get to lick it," she said to herself as she headed off towards the car.