 It's the end of our weekend at the lake and after a good couple days of drinking, fun, and amazing sex it's time to head back home. We say our goodbyes, get in the car, and pull away. I know how you love to play in the car and I know it will be an eventful drive. As the house fades away behind us I look over at you and see that you're already pulling your panties off from under your skirt. I peel my eyes away and try to pay attention to the road as you bring your feet up onto the seat, spreading your legs, and lifting your skirt up to expose your hot little cunt and your landing strip of pubic hair. I glace over again and see you dip a finger into your pussy as you throw your head back and give a moan of delight. 

I return my eyes to the road and a moment later you have your finger in front of my face. I see it glisten with your wetness and I open my mouth. You put the finger in my mouth and I suck your pussy juices from it and smile. Your finger slips from my mouth and runs down my chest to my crotch. You find my rock hard cock and squeeze it through my shorts. You slide down your seat till your knees are on the floor facing me, and leaning over the gear shift you slide your right hand up my inner thigh under my shorts until you feel your hand reach my underwear. You slip your hand underneath and find my balls. You gently roll each one with your fingers and pull them down lightly. I feel your hand slide up my shaft and you massage it within the confines of my shorts.

Soon you want more and I feel your other hand at the zipper to my shorts. You get my zipper down and guide my cock out through it using both hands to help. As you take your hand out from my shorts I undo the button on top to let them hang open and you pull them down a little bit. Now that my cock is out you need it in your mouth. So you get on your knees on the passenger seat lean over and take my throbbing cock deep in your mouth. You take it as deep as you can and gag a little as you reach the base, you deep throat so well. Then you start to bob your head up and down on my cock with your hand stroking me as well. 

As you suck my cock I reach my hand over your back and lift your skirt up over your ass. We are driving on a two lane high way with only trees to see your fabulous ass through the passenger window. My hand caresses your ass on its way to your pussy. I slide my fingers over your asshole a second before they find your wet slit. I rub my hand over the outside for a second feeling your wetness on my palm. I slap your ass with my wet palm before my finger tips start to enter your pussy. I slip my index and middle finger in and use my ring finger on your clit. I push my fingers in and out of you at a pace to match how fast you are sucking and stroking my cock.

My mind is very busy as I try to drive, finger fuck you, and have my cock sucked at the same time. I try to concentrate on the first two but your so good I cant help but think about how good your making my cock feel. I start to move my fingers faster in your cunt and you take your mouth away from my cock as you gasp with pleasure. Your forget about my cock for a minute as my fingers skillfully play with your pussy and clit trying to bring you to orgasm. It doesn't take much longer until you're cumming on my fingers and bucking your hips into them. 

As soon as your orgasm is over your lips are once again wrapped around my swollen member. You suck my cock hard fast and deep trying to make me cum as fast as you can. And with your prodigious amount of skill I'm soon on the edge. I tell you that I'm about to cum and put my hand on your head forcing it down on my cock as it explodes and fills your mouth with my creamy delicious cum. When you mouth comes off my cock you swallow all my cum, and tell me to pull over. I pull to the side of the road and you tell me that it's your turn to drive. We change places and you pull back onto the road. 

As you drive I pull my shorts all the way off followed by my boxers and my shirt. Sitting in the car next to you completely naked I reach over and pull your skirt down your legs. You put on the cruise and take your foot off the gas as your skirt comes off. I let my fingers run up your leg and dip in your pussy before I put my hand under your mouth and tell you to spit. You comply and I take my hand with your spit and start to rub my soft cock with it. I talk to you as I start to play with my self.

"Do you like it when I stroke my cock?" 

You say "Yes".

"Do you want me to get hard again?" 

Again you say "Yes".

"Then play with yourself for me."

You don't need to be told twice and you hand heads straight for you pussy. I watch as you make soft circles over your clit with your fingers. I see you slip a finger in and watch as you start to masturbate, moaning softly as you do. Watching you is starting to bring life back to my cock, as I stroke it with your spit. 

I lean over and palace my hand on yours moving it to the side so that I can finger fuck your wet pussy. Your hand finds its way to my cock and you feel it keep hardening as I finger you and you start to massage it once more. Soon I'm hard again and your soaking wet. You see a small dirt road ahead and slow down to turn on to it. We drive a couple of minutes up the road through the trees until we feel secluded and you stop the car a little off the road. Once we are pulled over and the car is off you push your seat back as far as it will go and lean it back. Taking the cue I lean over the seats as you spread your legs and kiss the skin next to your soaked cunt. I lick and kiss all around your pussy before I finally let my tongue flick your clit causing you to gasp. I use my hand to spread your lips as I lick your wetness enjoying every moment of eating your pussy. I let my fingers enter you as I keep sucking and licking your clit. I use my fingers to push toward the top of your vagina hitting your g-spot. 

As I eat you out I feel your hand find its way to my cock and start to stroke it again. You play with my cock and balls as I devour your cunt. I can sense you getting close to orgasm and I stop and pull my mouth and fingers from your pussy. You pout in disappointment but as you see me push and lean my seat back you smile again. 

I pull you over onto my seat with me so that your sitting on my lap. I put my hands on your ass and help you lift it a little bit before I guide my cock into your sopping wet slit. You put your hands back on my chest as I lay back and I put my hands on your hips as I start to thrust my cock in and out of you. You buck up and down as I thrust my cock from under you and soon we have a rhythm going fucking hard but not too fast. We keep fucking as I slide a hand around and use my finger tips to make little circles on your clit. My fingers move up a little bit and start to press on your stomach just above your pubic hair trying to make my cock hit your g-spot harder. You moan a little louder when I do it and you buck a little faster on my cock. Soon your moans are much louder and I can tell that your about to cum. I keep the pressure on your belly and feel your fingers dig into my chest as you orgasm.

When your orgasm is over you lift yourself off my cock and open the door. You step out pulling me with you. You pull me close and we kiss. Then I pick you up by your ass and pin you against the car your arms wrapped around my neck. I guide my cock into you once more and start fucking you. You wrap your legs around my ass as I thrust deeply into your pussy. I keep my hands on your ass helping support you as I fuck you. My hands find their way farther under your ass and I let my finger tips play with your ass hole. Your pussy feels wonderful on my cock and soon I'm close to cumming again. I thrust into you faster and faster until with a groan I blow my load deep in your hot cunt. Your legs stay wrapped around me as I cum and once I'm totally expended I let my dick slip out of you and let you to the ground. You immediately drop to your knees and suck my softening cock cleaning off your pussy and taking the last of my cum in your mouth. You stand up again and we kiss and I taste our mingled juices. 

We break the kiss and giggle a little bit as we look at each other. We grab out clothes and put them back on. I make you put your panties back on, even though you don't want to. We get back in the car and with you behind the wheel again start to drive home again. As you drive you can feel my cum slowly start to leak out of your cunt and know why I had you put them back on. You start looking forward to the fun we will have with your cum soaked panties when we get home...... if we can hold off till then.