 Hi, my name is Charlene, but most of my friends call me Char, including my friend and lover, Erik. 

Erik is a firefighter and this is the story of one of the most memorable nights together.

We live in a small town in Newtown Square, Pennsylvania, and the fire department there tends to be quiet and not very busy. When it gets like that, Erik would call me up to come and keep him company. 

Now when he would call, I would normally just go over in whatever I was wearing at the time, which would be my comfy clothes. But for some reason that night I decided to dress up a bit more and put on some makeup and perfume for him.

When I would go and visit him, we would play cards, or the computer or read together. But I knew that night something was going to happen. I could feel it in the air.

When I arrived, the station was empty, the ambulance crew was out making rounds in the neighborhoods, and most of the smaller trucks were out or the guys were at home waiting to be called.

When I got up to the office, Erik was there, but he wasn't in his normal wardrobe for work. Which consisted of nice, tight, show off the ass, kind of jeans and a fire shirt. This time he was in relaxed, comfy looking, flannel pajama pants and a fire shirt.

"Why are you wearing that? I thought that kind of stuff was against regulation." I said.

"Well, I just decided tonight that I wanted to be different." 

When he said that, there was a glint of something in his eye. And I knew that my feeling was right about tonight.

He walked over to me and came around my back. His hands just touching my body like lover's hands.

"I've always wanted to touch you like a lover. But I was never sure how you would react. But tonight, tonight I just had to take a chance." He whispered in my ear, as he nibbles my lobe.

I shivered in pleasure, not sure how else to react.

"I'm glad you're taking the chance tonight. I have wanted to know what your body and hands feel like for a long time. I have dreamt about how your hands would feel on my breasts, and on my body. And how your lips would feel on my lips." 

I couldn't believe that I was finally confessing how I felt to him.

I could tell he was pleased with what I was saying.

He continued his slow and silent exploration of my body.

"I'm glad you like this. Tonight I want to teach you what a true lover feels like." 

He then took my hand and led me down into the garage area. I hadn't noticed the blanket on the ladder truck when I had come in, but then I wasn't really looking.

He took me up onto it and made me lay down.

"I know that you have wondered what it would be like to make love on top of this truck, so now I am going to show you. And I am not going to stop until you collapse."

"How?" I asked.

"You always talk about it. I listen to what you say. And I know you fantasize about it."

Then he slid off my skirt and top, leaving me in my matching blue bra and thong. 

His hands kept roaming all over my body, touching my breasts, teasing my nipples and stroking my clit.

I couldn't help but arch up, silently begging for more.

"No, no my sweet. Right now I just want to explore. Don't worry, you will soon find out what a skilled lover I am. Relax, and let your mind take over."

He then slid off my thong and my bra to leave me naked on the truck.

"Your pale skin against the red of this truck is amazing. I know that I will remember this for a long time."

His mouth followed the same path as his hands did. 

First caressing my neck, teasing and tantalizing my senses. Then, down to my nipples and breasts, sucking and twirling in his mouth.

Then his mouth made a wet path down to my even wetter pussy. 

But he didn't go there. He went around it to my inner thighs and teased me there.

He blew air into my pussy to tease me. 

Then he dove right in and started to do things with his tongue and mouth that I had never experience or even thought of.

Within moment I started to cum. I started to shiver and shake with pleasure.

"That's it my love, let loose, it is only going to get better from here." He said withdrawing his mouth from me.

He stood up and started to strip down. He turned around so that I wouldn't see him at first.

I should tell you this now; in all the years that we have known each other I had never seen him naked. He had seen me, but I had never seen him.

When he finally turned around I saw that he was 10 and a half inches long and 2, if not a little more, inches thick.

I was in total awe of his enormous size. The biggest lover that I had ever had was only 9 inches long and not very thick.

"Wow." Was all I could say.

"Tell me now if you want to stop, because once I enter you I wont stop until you are passed out from pleasure." He said, suppressing a groan under my intense staring.

I couldn't talk, so all I could do was reach out for him and shake my head to continue.

"I have wanted you for so long. I have dreamed and fantasized about you, naked, underneath me, on top of me, just being with me. And now that I have you, I don't want to let you go." He said.

I smiled up at him and he kept talking as he caressed me with his dick, teasing my clit and my opening, but not going in.

"I can feel how ready you are for me, and how willing you are for me. I am so ecstatic that I am finally fulfilling a dream and a fantasy."

"I have too dreamed about this. I have always wanted to know how big you were, and how it would feel inside me. I want you there now. Please, Erik, take me." 

I knew at that moment our relationship had changed forever. It could never go back to just friends.

He rose up, and thrust into me with one smooth and powerful thrust. His cock filling me with pleasure. 

I wrapped my legs around him as he kept thrusting into me with deep and powerful thrusts. 

I could feel his balls just hit my ass, and I could feel his cock throb deep inside me.

My pussy was convulsing with pleasure as I buried my head within his shoulder.

We kept moaning and groaning in time with each other. 

It felt like every thrust went deeper than the last. I was in heaven.

I was so happy that finally, I was making love with my best friend, and that he had wanted me for a long time.

I kept cumming and cumming. It was like a never-ending orgasm.

"God, your pussy is so tight. I can feel each time you cum. And it brings me that much closer to cumming deep inside you. I hope that you will be ready when I do cum. Because, I haven't jacked off in over a month. I have been planning this for a long time. And I want you to have all of what I have to give." 

I knew that it was true, because he never lied. I also knew that when he came, I would be filled to the brim.

"Please, Erik, I want you to cum inside me. I want all of what you have. I have longed to feel what you feel like when you explode."

"Keep gripping me with your pussy like you are and I will come soon."

He kept thrusting into me harder and harder, building up to a grand finale.

I kept the pace with him, gripping his body with my legs and his cock with my pussy.

His hands roamed over my breasts, tweaking and pulling my nipples. And that always makes me cum harder.

"Oh god, I hope that you are ready cause I am about to explode into you." He groaned out.

I just wrapped my legs around him tighter and held onto him for dear life.

Then he pulled out one final time and thrust back in harder and deeper then ever.

He released his load deep inside me and I could feel his cock grow and expand with every squirt and every spray of his hot, delicious cum.

When he was through, he collapsed on top of me and held me in his arms. I couldn't speak, for I was too far into heaven.

"I hope you know that you are mine now, and I am never going to let you go." He whispered, claiming me for his own.

"I know. And I will be yours forever."

That was over two years ago. Our sex life is always fun and very creative. 

That ladder truck though, will always be our special spot. Every year on the anniversary of when that happened, he somehow arranges it so that we can be alone on that truck.

I can tell you now ladies, having a firefighter for a lover is amazing. They always know how to use their hose right.

Oh, I think I hear him calling me now. I think we are finally going to break in the new ambulance that came in. 

I will have to tell you about it next time.

Enjoy your firefighters and support them always. And remember, if you need rescuing, call them, and they can rescue you.