 Before I realized it the two of us had drifted off to sleep. A short time later I awoke to natures call. Returning to bed and wanting nothing more than to snuggle up next to Jenny I was saddened to find that Jenny had repositioned herself in the middle of the bed without room for me to use on either side. I tried to give her gentle shake but she was dead to the world. Since I had a spare bed in my cabin I decided to stretch out and from angle it gave me a wonderful view of both her ass and vagina. With lustful thoughts running through I was sound a sleep in no time. At some point Jenny must have woke up and disappointed that I was no longer beside her because I was woken the sound of a slamming door.

The next day when I finally woke up I was decided to catch some rays by doing some sun worshiping on the top deck. In my groggy state I realized that I was staring straight at Jenny and her friends. At first they seemed to be staring me down. Not wanting any hard feeling I made my way over and started to smooth the waters.

"Hey J- what's going on?"

All I got was a simple and curt response of "Nothing!"

"Are you mad at me for some reason?" I shot back.

"You can grasp the obvious pretty quickly, can't you?" she said coldly.

Sitting down beside her I smugly said "You know if anything I should be upset at you for hogging the bed and not letting me in."

With a glazed look she questioned "what are you talking about?"

"That's right!" I said. "I get up to go to the bathroom and when I come back you are smack in the middle of the bed and wouldn't wake up no matter what I tried"

Looking some what embarrassed she leaned in gave me a small peck on the cheek and apologized. A little more at ease I positioned myself behind her in the chaise lounger. Jenny must have liked this because she leaned back and grabbed my arms and wrapped them around her. The midday sun was becoming a little more intense and Jenny decided that we should take advantage of the ships Fun Day at Sea. With no arguments coming from me, we stopped at the bar on the way by and grabbed a bucket of beer and headed off to my cabin.

Wanting to waste no time Jenny had already started to take off her bathing suit while still in the hallway waiting to get into my cabin. By the time we crossed the threshold she was already in the buff and working on my clothes. Pulling my bathing suit down my already erect penis sprung to attention. This must have caught Jenny's eyes because she dropped to her knees and started to give my shaft a wonderful tongue bath. While thoroughly enjoying the blow-job at hand I needed to get involved in the action. Stopping her in mid suck I expressed my desire that we both share in the oral delight.

Pushing me down on the bed Jenny straddled my face and lowered her inviting love pot onto my waiting mouth. As Jenny returned to sucking my cock she soon started grinding my face in the same rhythm. With her expertise she had me ready to explode and just before I lost my load I was stunned when Jenny quickly stuck a finger in my ass. In addition to starting me it set off a chain reaction of my orgasm followed quickly by one for Jenny.

As luck would have it a rain storm started to pass over so we figured there was no sense in leaving the room. Calling up room service we ordered some drinks and snacks and stretched out on the bed knowing that if we started anything it would soon be interrupted by room service. Luckily it didn't take too long for the food and drinks to arrive and locking the door behind them we were good to go. Placing the food and bucket of beer next the bed we assumed our positions on the bed. Reaching in the bucket Jenny took out an ice cube and started to rub it around her nipples and those puppies looked like they could poke and eye out they were so erect.

With a little tongue play I was soon fully erect and Jenny took the opportunity to climb aboard and start riding me like there was no tomorrow. Bucking back and forth she had me on the edge of orgasm when in one quick motion she pulled up and I could hear the suction as my throbbing cock exited her wet vagina. Sliding down Jenny placed my cock in her cleavage. The fact that I was still wet from her love hole there was plenty of lubricant as she started to give me an incredible tit fuck. Sensing I was about to explode Jenny let go of her tits and my wad of cum rocketed towards her face. The second blast barely made it to her chin and the after shocks splashed down of her heaving chest.

With four more days left on the cruise I could only image what kind of fun we could find.