 Hey sexy. Mm did you miss me? 

Oh baby I've missed you. I can't stop thinking about how sexy you are. You turn me on so much. You make me feel so unbelievably horny. 

Oh fuck I want you so badly. I want to see you naked on the bed, playing with yourself, waiting for me. 

I'd just stare at your hot body, admiring it. Fuck, you are so beautiful. 

I'd curl up next to you in bed, pull you close to me with one arm around you, flat on your back. I'd gaze into those gorgeous eyes, and lean down to kiss you softly. You moan into my mouth as I kiss you more urgently. 

I slide my tongue over yours and suck on your bottom lip. We keep kissing more and more, deeply, passionately until you're writhing on the bed, desperately waiting for my touch. 

I gently cup your breast in my free hand. Ohh you feel so soft and full. I love feeling you close to me and having my hands all over you. I break our kiss so I can bring your nipple to your mouth. I suck on you so slowly and gently, lightly sliding my tongue over you. 

You're getting so turned on, aren't you baby? Oh yeah you need my touch so desperately. I love to see how much you need me.

I keep my mouth on your beautiful breasts and start to slide one hand up your thigh. Teasing you, making you wait for it. Finally I slide one finger up to your pussy lips.

Ohh fuckkk...you are sooo wet baby. Ohhh you're so fucking hot. Mmmmm. I gently trace my finger around you, loving how hot and wet you are for me. You let out a sigh of pure pleasure as I lightly circle your clit. 

You close your eyes and your toes start to curl. I slide my finger all around you, spreading your wetness everywhere. Finally I insert one finger slowly inside you.

You gasp and moan. Oh yeah you love it when I finger fuck you. You need me to pound you deep. I add another finger and start to build a rhythm. In and out...in and out. I'm filling up that tight wet pussy and hitting all the right spots. As I stroke you, I grind the heel of my hand against your clit.

I pull my fingers out and start to slowly trace your lips and clit again, letting you feel how hot and wet you are inside. You're begging me to pound you again. All of a sudden I grab you roughly, taking you by surprise and slam two fingers as deep as they can go. You're moaning and squirming, clutching at me, telling me not to stop. I ram you harder, deeper, faster...feeling you gushing wet down my hand. 

Ohh yeah baby you gonna cum? That's it, cum for me. Cum all over my hand. Cum, baby. Cum. Cum. Ohhh yesss you squirt all over me, making a huge mess and it's so fucking hot.

You grab me tightly and kiss my lips. You stare into my eyes and tell me to fuck you hard. You grab my already hard cock and stroke me. Oh that feels so good baby. You squeeze me and slide your hand up and down, faster and faster until I can't take it anymore. 

I tell you to get on all fours. I kneel behind you and grab your hips. I guide my rock hard cock into your tight, soaking pussy. Ohhh yeahhh you're sooo tight and soaking wet. Fuckkk yesss. 

I grab that cute little ass of yours and spank it. Then I pull your ponytail with one hand and slam into you deep. Fuck you feel so good. Mm you're my naughty little girl, aren't you? Yeah you love it when I fuck you from behind. I spank you again and again, grabbing your ass and hips and pulling you onto my hard dick. 

I feel you getting tighter around me. I keep pounding that pussy deep and hard. You're trembling, loving every single thrust. I lightly scratch down your back and then I reach around and grab your breasts while I fuck you. Mmm ahhh yess, deeper, harder, faster, slamming into you with all my might. Ohh fuck I'm gonna cum. 

I let go of your breasts and force your head down so your back is flat. I pull out of you roughly, grab my dick in one hand and stroke it until I cum hard, shooting my hot sticky load all over your back. Ohhh yesss uhhh. We make a huge mess of the sheets and don't even care. You collapse, exhausted, laying on your back. I slide on top of you and kiss you, look into your eyes and tell you how good you make me feel. You hold me close, still trembling slightly. You kiss my neck, then nibble my ear and whisper..."round two?"