 Lathering her long blonde hair with her favorite Herbal Essences shampoo, she thinks about the naughty night ahead, the promise it holds. The flowery scent of her soap clings to her as she towels off, and her skin tingles with the sea salt scrub she has exfoliated herself with. Massaging cream with a faint oatmeal smell into every inch of her body, she imagines his smooth hands with the long strong fingers doing it for her. Paying special attention to her closely-shaven vagina, she rubs coconut oil into the tiny patch of hair left on her pubic bone. 

Slowly dressing in soft, rayon clothing that hugs every curve of her body, she imagines what he is doing right now. She imagines his tall, taut body, with its visible stomach muscles flexing and stretching as the hot water streams over his shoulders and down his front in the shower. She imagines briefly what is below his belly and a little thrill of sensation pokes her in the vagina. Ready to go, she feels a bit nervous, she wants to please him, to make him feel as good as he makes her feel. One last tooth brushing and she is in the car, headed to his cozy little apartment on the third floor of a tall red-brick building, nestled between two identical buildings in a bustling section of town. 

They greet each other as they always do, with a fist bump, neither one being particularly affectionate. Climbing the long, steep staircase, she again imagines the night and the smile widens on her face. His face is unreadable but they both feel the unspoken vibe between them. Sitting in his dimly lit living room, they go through the gravity bong routine, familiar and welcome to calm the air of anticipation that hangs palpably in the room. Giggling and laughing, the conversation rambles as usual, interspersed with looking for music on YouTube. Her thoughts turn increasingly dirty, as his infectious laugh causes her own nervous laughter. 

Soon, quiet takes over, each reflecting on what they are about to do and they turn to each other in the same instant. Locking eyes for a second, he asks softly, "is it ok if I kiss you?" More than ok with her, she responds by leaning towards him only inches away, and placing her moisturized lips gently on his equally silky lips, their tongues briefly touch and dance together, sending shooting stabs of hot sensation down into her pussy. Her hand reaches up slowly to cup the back of his neck and draw him closer. Responding with a hand around her small waist, he rubs her side up and down, deliberately skimming her tiny breast with each stroke. They break apart and without a word they know it is time to move to the bed. 

With an odd lump in her throat she strips off her long sleeved blue shirt one sleeve at a time, drawing it slowly over her head to reveal a bright purple bra. Peeking over at him, she sees his also blue t-shirt is already on the floor and she admires his slim, clean body, with only a tiny trail of hair leading to the treasure. They stare at each other for a moment, pausing before removing pants, hardly breathing. She feels so lucky he has chosen her, he has always been a source of late night fantasy for her. Easing her pants down without unbuttoning them reveals her faint bikini tan lines. Taking her purple sports bra off awkwardly, she giggles at her own expense and he chuckles along with her. Now totally naked and feeling exposed, she is encouraged by the hungry look on his face, pulling off his jeans while holding her gaze. His erection stands long and firm, the little oval eye peering at her, jutting up towards the ceiling from the neatly trimmed bush between his slender legs. Her whole inner self smiles and warm feelings flood her entire body. Hanging between them is the excitement only physical intimacy can cause. 

The fluffy white comforter is tossed aside as they eagerly come together, tongues seeking each other in the darkened room. His body feels smooth yet hard beneath her hesitant touch, his hairless chest is hot and satiny, muscles rigid under her fingers. Breaking the kiss, he slides himself down her body, keeping close contact with her velvety skin. She spreads her legs slightly in expectation and her pussy pulses several times as his dark, curly head descends between her legs. A quiet moan escapes her throat as his beautiful, full lips close over her vagina, pulling her already throbbing clit deliberately into his wet mouth. 

She is acutely aware of every tiny caress and grips both of his hands, pulling in response to the swelling of pleasure coming from his hot tongue, swirling her clit in faster and faster circles, building her up for the inevitable orgasm. Letting go of his hands, she instead clutches the cool sheets, arching her back with a screaming moan as she succumbs to the explosion of feelings coming from her pussy and coursing through her whole self. Immediately the release relaxes her and she smiles lazily at him, as he emerges from below her waist with his own shy grin, "thank you," she mouths gratefully. 

Hungrily she grasps his hard cock with little thought in her mind except animalistic lust and guides it to the lips of her pussy, then grabs his little round cheeks and pulls him inside her. The shock of his stiff rod penetrating into the tight confines of her pussy pushes a sharp breath out of her open mouth and the heavy weight of him on top of her soothes her and allows her to let go of her last inhibitions and relish the moment. Slowly he begins to slip his rock hard manhood in and out of her hot vagina, teasing her, and she begins to breathe quickly, almost panting, body and pussy crying out for more. 

Little sighs and grunts emit from her as he pumps with more and more urgency. Rubbing her clit as he enters her over and over sends her over the edge again, and she explodes with a surge of boiling hot pressure right on her pleasure button, and feels her vagina contract repeatedly as the orgasm consumes her. Almost overwhelmed, she wriggles out of the embrace and motions him to flip over. He is quizzical but remains silent. She throws him a mischievous smirk and lowers herself towards his cock. 

Grasping it carefully in one hand, she unhurriedly takes him into her mouth, tongue fondling the precious sensitive head of his lovely penis. Inside her she feels satisfied, she has cum three times, it is his turn, and she turns all her attention to him. Her mouth moves up and down on his shaft, sucking softly on the head each time. Increasing her speed, she hears his breath quicken and he gasps. Trying not to smile, she is enjoying this, she continues to suck harder and harder, slippery mouth and tongue all over his penis, pumping her head up and down, as he whispers "yes, yes." She can feel the spasms start and she backs up and furiously whips her hand up and down his penis. With a jerk of his body and an exclamation of great pleasure, he cums, spewing white sperm onto his tight belly, groaning as the orgasm gradually dissipates. 

She beams at him and says thank you, that was wonderful. They lie next to each other, legs and arms touching just oh so slightly, and wait to recover. Eventually they simultaneously rise and dress casually. Returning to their usual places on the modern beige couch, they begin another gravity session, sated for the moment.