 These events took place while I was in graduate school.

I was having a bit of a dry spell in meeting chicks. Between work and school I didn't have much time. So, just for the hell of it, I decided to try the internet. In a few weeks I had started to correspond with a chick named Cinde. After writing to each other for a few weeks we exchanged pictures and then I called her. After talking on the phone for a week or so we decided to meet.

The academic year had just ended. We decided to meet in the town where she went to school. Because it was in the mountains I planned on spending a few days there. We set up a time and place.

I arrived a few minutes early, and sat down on a bench in front of the store where we agreed to meet. I was only there for a few minutes when I saw a car pull up, and a woman get out.

The first clear image I had of Cinde is her head poking around the corner of the store I was sitting in front of. She had a nervous grin on her face. Let me also interject here that she was beautiful!! More so than I had imagined. Just so everyone can picture the details: she was 19, 5'2", about 110lbs, slightly above shoulder length dark brown hair, brown eyes, and what I later discovered to be B cup tits. She was wearing white jean shorts, sandals, and a button up shirt. We walked up to each other, exchanged greetings and handshakes. Then we hopped in my car to go get dinner.

It wasn't uncomfortable to actually be around her. It felt like we had known each other for years. Dinner was nothing too memorable. We talked and ate. I guess there was a little awkwardness, but we were quickly getting over it.

After dinner we went to a local park and played on the swings. I'm not sure exactly how long we were there. But as I saw the sun getting low on the horizon I suggested that we find a place to stay. This was one of the details that we hadn't figured out in advance. After a bit of driving around we ended up at the Quality Inn.

While checking in I guess the clerk assumed that we were a couple because he offered us a room with a single king size bed or a non smoking room. Without thinking I asked for the non-smoking room.

When we walked in the room I realized that that the rooms had one king sized bed. This raised a few questions in my mind about the sleeping arrangements for later on that night. I wasn't planning on fucking her the first time we met. I don't know if she was thinking the same things I was. I hoped Cinde wouldn't be pissed, or get the wrong impression. Not that I wouldn't have minded getting fucking her. I just didn't want to appear that getting fucking was the only thing on my mind.

We sat and talked for I don't remember how long. Some how tickling came up. I think it started by me tickling the bottom of her foot. Well, eventually she began tickling me. So naturally I retaliated. What little awkwardness there was vanished at this point.

First she ended up on my lap, then we were standing up, at one point I picked her up. All the time we were feverishly tickling each other. Eventually we ended up on the bed; still tickling each other like mad. After who knows how long of this I ended up on my back with her straddling me. We had calmed down the tickling some now. My sides were hurting from laughing so much. I was thinking that now would be a good time to kiss her. I reached up and took her face in my hands, drawing her down to me . . . and chickened out at the last instant so I just pulled her into a hug. But a few moments latter I worked up the nerve by not thinking to much about it. This was around 1130pm. We kissed, a wonderful warm magical kiss. It all degenerated from there.

After kissing, and rolling around on the bed for a while, I went for the top button of her shirt. The kissing began to move over our faces and down the neck - this I found out she really likes. Slowly I undid all the buttons to her shirt. I think it was at this point that I told her that if at any point she became uncomfortable to just let me know. Then I took off her shirt and bra, discovering she had tan lines from a tiny bikini and very erect niples.

My shirt followed shortly after. We continued to roll around on the bed and make out. I caresses and kissed her chest, breasts, arms, and stomach. Eventually my interest moved towards her shorts. I knelt between her legs and went to unfasten her shorts. Before I did I placed her hands on the button to my pants. At the same time we took off each other's pants.

As my pants came off my cock flopped out. Wanting to save that for later I stuffed it back in my boxers. Cinde was wearing a beautiful white thong. I absolutely love a chick that wears thongs! We rolled around and made out some more. Finally I couldn't take any more. I kissed my way down her body, then up and down each thigh. This produced a great response - she squirmed around a lot. Then I removed the thong. Her pussy hair was trimmed and shaved ultra short to fin inside a tiny bikini, and she had tan lines. Kissing my way back up her thighs I began to lick her pussy. I started by licking up and down her lips. Then I gently parted her lips and licked around, then in her pussy hold. She tasted great - nice and fresh. I licked up and down her pussy, finally focusing on her clit while I finger fucked her. This produced a great response. During my licking of her she thrashed around moaning, and even sat up twice. She had at least one orgasm while I was licking her.

As much as I enjoyed eating her pussy I wanted more. So I kissed my was back up her body, and we began kissing. Another great quality is a chick that will kiss after I eat her. Then Cinde flipped me over and kissed her way down my body. When she got to my boxers she took them off. Then she proceeded to lick up and down my cock, and around the head. Then she took my cock in her mouth and began sucking. It felt great!! She would suck for a bit, then slide my cock in and out of her mouth, then go back to sucking. This was getting me really horny. I was contemplating stopping her and fucking her. I wasn't sure how far to take things so after a while of her great blow job I pulled her up.

I got up to turn off all but the night stand light them crawled back in bed with her, this time under the covers. It felt so wonderful to be curled up naked next to Cinde . I was still hard as a rock. I turned out the last light. We talked for a bit. I told her that I wasn't sure if we should make love. We were spooning. I turned off the last light and we tried to go to sleep.

A few minutes later I felt her reach behind her and start to rub my cock. After a bit Cinde rolled over to face me. She continued to rub my cock. I returned her caresses - rubbing her tits and stomach. Then I drew her right leg up over me, moved my hand under her thigh and began to rub her pussy. We were kissing now. I was rubbing her clit with one finger while another finger worked its way insider her pussy.

This went on for quite a while. I could tell that Cinde was getting really worked up. She was moaning and moving her hips, not to mention that she was completely soaked. I broke our kiss long enough to ask her if she wanted to make love. She responded with a soft yes. I asked her if I could turn on the light, again a yes.

After the light was on she rolled over onto her back and spread her legs wide. I moved on top of her. She looked so beautiful laying there - her bare breasts, flat stomach, almost nonexistence pussy hair, and tan legs positioned on either side of me. Just the sight of her waiting for me to enter her was almost enough to make me cum. One last time I asked her if she was sure. She said that she was so I ran my cock over her pussy lips. Then I slowly eased myself into her. Oh my god she felt incredible! I slid into her with one long, slow, thrust. Her pussy was a perfect fit for my cock - tight enough, but not so tight to make fucking difficult, super wet, and I could just feel her cervix when I was all the way in her.

I set a slow pace with deep thrusts. Her hips were in perfect sync with me. We kissed as we fucked. It didn't take her too long to cum - her hips pumped hard against me and her moaning got really loud as she came. After her orgasm her body went limp while her breathing slowed down. While Cinde was recovering I slowed my thrusting down.

It didn't take her long to start pushing her hips against me again. I lifted my body off hers so I could get a better view. I picked up the speed until I was slamming her pussy hard. Cinde kept up with me stroke for stroke. Her hands were grabbing my ass, and rubbing her tits. Every so often I would look down and watch my cock piston in and out of her, see her pussy lips wrapped tight around my cock. When I felt an orgasm approaching I would slow down and hold Cinde close until I got myself under control, then go back to fucking her hard.

She knew just how to use her pussy muscles, and hips to drive me nuts. This was some of the best sex of my life. She came two more times while we fucked. After her second orgasm I was nearing mine. Now I went into overdrive. I knelt between her legs, with one hand on her thigh, and the other on her waist. I thrust into Cinde as fast as I could, deep as I could and pulled out until just the head of my cock was in her. The pleasure was intense, I could feel it in every fiber of my body. Too bad I wasn't wearing a condom. So just as I was about to cum I pulled out of her. She took my cock in her hands, holding me as I came.

My cum shot all over the front of her body - from her neck/shoulders to her pubic hair. One shot even hit the head board above her head! It was an incredible orgasm!! After my orgasm passed I collapsed on the bed next to Cinde and we held each other for a few moments. Then I went to get her some water and a wash cloth to clean her up . After getting cleaned up we curled up together and fell asleep.

If you want more of my adventures with Cinde let me know!