 We had been seeing each other for awhile. Young, new to each other, we saw that we were going to be together for the foreseeable future. We started to make out on the couch in her basement family room, alone in the house. We had found a cache of video tapes a week earlier that had some really hot porn. Curious, we had watched a few, and naturally it had made us HOT. 

We had a really hot video in at that moment, featuring some hot masturbation, oral, fucking, teasing, fetishes including voyeurism and exhibitionism.

We were half naked, writhing in each others arms, kissing passionately, the sounds of sex, visions of hot cunts, hard cocks grinding, ejaculating creating a hot sexual mix of lust in our peripheral awareness.

I reached between Barbara's legs, her soaked panties literally dripping with her juices. 

Rubbing her silky cloth into her wet, hot cunt lips, and pushing against her stiff clit with my fingers made her squeal in my mouth, as our tongues lustily played off each other.

My cock was fully engorged in my underwear, (as I said we were almost undressed), I felt her hands pulling my shirt off of my back, 

Momentarily letting go of her, I shrugged out of it, as she leaned forward, pulling her already unclasped bra away from her beautiful tits. 

Her nipples were so stiff, so enlarged by her arousal. I lowered my lips to her succulent nipple, sucking and licking like a man possessed.

Always with an ear out for a car pulling in the driveway, or some other distraction, nevertheless we were getting more and more turned on to each other.

My cock was straining against the fabric of my underwear, precum making a wet stain where the head of my dick was pressing up against it. She reached down and fondled me through my underwear as I switched to her other magnificent breast, nibbling on her engorged nipple. Little sighs of pleasure escaped her lips as I sucked and attacked her awesome tits. 

Our lips met again, open-mouthed tongue dueling kisses were happening nonstop as our hands freely roamed over each other's bodies.

I had my hand IN her underwear now, her legs opening instinctively, as my fingers probed her swollen cunt lips. I could feel Barb's hard clit as well. Stiff and fully erect. She moved her hips enticingly as I slowly slid 2 fingers into her waiting entrance.

Now finger-fucking her in earnest, I renewed my efforts with her tits, (GOD those tits!), as she laid back, one hand on the back of my head, playing with my hair, the other feeding me her breast.

I felt her stiffen and she let out a low moan that built up in volume until she let out the most sexual moan of pleasure, "Oh my god! Oh my god I'm cumming!" She cried. Her hips ground down against my probing, pussy fucking fingers and grinding hard, she came...squirting out a bit of cunt juice all over my hand and soaking her panties through.

At this point my swollen dick was leaking like a broken faucet; my underwear looked almost like I had peed myself. 

Disengaging my self from her embrace, I stood up, and lowered my shorts, and stepped out, standing naked and hard in front of her. 

Barbara sat up, and raising her ass up, slid her soaked panties off, and sitting back down, beckoned me closer, as he hand reached out for my stiff prick, and she began to expertly jerk me off. 

As a drop of nut juice formed at the tip, she leaned forward and opened her mouth, looking up at me, and lovingly wrapped her luscious lips around my smooth, distended cockhead. 

It felt so fucking good, and glancing over at the TV, it so happened that a woman was doing almost the exact same thing to a guy as she was doing to me: bobbing her head rhythmically up and down his cock, while fondling and caressing his balls. It occurred to me that Barbara was emulating the screen, and my thoughts were confirmed as the girl leaned back, without letting go of his cock with her hand, and had him straddle her chest.

She wanted me to tit fuck her! Her 36b tits were displayed, as she reached into a drawer of the end table and removed a small bottle of baby oil. I wondered what she was keeping that there for but stopped caring as she dripped some on her cleavage and spread it all over those beauties. Her nipples were big, with large areolas, and her eyes, and lips smiled at me, as I very happily swung my leg over her chest and she reached up with her hands and squeezed them around my erect dick.

"Oh this feels so good!" I cried out, as I thrust myself back and forth between them, feeling her smooth lubricated flesh rubbing sensuously against my cock and balls. 

I had often jerked off thinking of doing this and it was a relatively new experience for me at that time.

I saw her eyes glance to the right at the TV, and turning to look saw that girl on the screen open her mouth to receive her man's swollen head into her mouth on the up stroke, retaining him there for a moment and then releasing him so he could stroke back up and down her tit pussy. I was doing the same as I turned back to see Barbara open her willing lips and without missing a beat, continued my tit fucking further right into her hot mouth. "Ohh Mmm this is fantastic!" I groaned as the pleasure built. "I'm gonna cum soon if you keep that up!" 

Her hands released her tits, and she grabbed my ass, pulling me even more into her mouth, my balls cradled in he cleavage, as I continued to move back and forth, my own hands holding those fabulous breasts around my swollen flesh, fucking in and out, dripping precum all over those beauties.

I felt her shift a little and became aware the she was rubbing her clit furiously, as her other hand continued to hold my ass. As I pulled back she breathed "I want you to cum all over my tits and face! I want your cum! I need it!" Her voice was breaking and I realized she must have watched this video alone; we living out her fantasy!

This thought made me crazy, as I resumed by motions, with renewed lust, feeling the point of no return rising any moment.

And then it happened. She let out a cry of pure pleasure, and bucked as much as was possible with and I heard a watery sound. Glancing momentarily over my shoulder I saw a squirt erupting, presumably from her hot cunt, as she came, HARD. "AHHHH! MMM, ooohh GOD!" she moaned.

I felt a real surge in my balls, a tightening in my taint area, and that wonderful sensation of impending orgasm, and finally, I came. "OHHH MMM feels so fucking good!" I cried, groaning in pleasure, my as my cock spilled sperm all over her tits, her neck, on her face, and her hair, as she brought her free hand back around and grabbed my still spurting dick and licked off all the cum still oozing from the swollen tip and my piss slit. 

It was amazing. I only just managed to move my leg back over her and collapsed next to her. She looked at me and smirked. 

"Last night I snuck down here in the middle of the night. And found this tape, and started masturbating. When it got to the tit fucking part, for some reason it really got to me. So I went into the spare bathroom and found that bottle of bay oil, and got naked, spread open and rubbed some on my legs and tits, and got myself off to it in case you were wondering." Giggling, she got up and walked that magnificent naked body into that same bathroom to presumably clean up, but she quickly came back out though, with a warm washcloth, and cleaned off my cock and balls! And glancing down, kissed my dick, and surreptuously wiped the tile floor where she had squirted. I pulled on my clothes as she gathered up hers and went to clean up. 

Not a moment too soon, as we heard her parent's car pull in the driveway. I sprayed some air freshener and quickly removed the tape form the TV; as her mother called down to let her know she was home.

Barbara came out dressed, looked at me with mischievous eye and mouthing 'OMG', called upstairs, "Hi! Be right up".

I left shortly after, and that night I relived our adventure, jerking off to the thought of her masturbating to porn in her basement at 3AM, which, was probably what she was doing at that moment...like me in my bed.