 After June got mad at me I didn't see her for about two years although I fanaticized about her a lot. Then one day I answered my phone and who should be calling but June!! She told me that she had just gotten a new computer and that she needed some help getting it set up and mastering the word processing program and asked If I could help her. I was pleased to do so. We decided to get together at her new condo at 6:00 PM the following day and needless to say I spent the next 24 hours wondering about how this "date" was going to turn out. 

When I arrived June greeted me with a smile. She was dressed very modestly in a knee length patterned skirt and a long sleeved blouse which was buttoned all the way up. This was a far cry from the see through panties she wore when she opened the door for me two years ago. She looked very good even though she had gained a couple pounds. She had a sensual maturity about her that was hard to ignore. I sat on the couch while she poured me a vodka and herself a scotch. She hadn't forgotten my favorite drink. She told me that she had left the hospital where she previously worked and had started her own public relations business and was doing quite well. In just six months she had three substantial clients, including the hospital. 

After a few minutes of small talk we went into her office which was actually a second bedroom. The next couple hours were spent clicking, double clicking, dragging, highlighting, copying, pasting, spell checking, printing, etc. She caught on very fast and was soon ready to enter and edit her own documents. It was almost as if she already knew the program! We decided that we had had enough of computers for the day and she left the room to refill our drinks and I took this opportunity to go to the bathroom. When I returned to the office she wasn't there so I sat at the computer. Then I saw it. The screen said, "Join me in the bedroom".

The door to her bedroom was closed and when I opened it she was sitting on the bed still fully clothed. The only thing different was that she had removed her shoes and the two top buttons of her blouse were open. She had that same old look in her eyes as she handed me my drink and motioned to me to sit next to her on the bed. I sat next to her and we sipped our drinks for a while. Then she placed her drink on the nightstand, lay back on the bed, stretched out and opened her legs just a little. I laid down next to her and soon we were involved in a great deep kissing session. 

She quickly unfastened the rest of the buttons on her blouse and unhooked her bra allowing her small but very nice tits to tumble out. Before I knew it I was sucking and kissing her small pink nipples that grew hard as they were stimulated. I told her how much I liked her skirt and asked if she would mind if I played under it. She told me to hurry and I knelt on the floor in front of her and reached under her skirt and began to feel her nylon clad legs. I moved very slowly in order to heighten my own excitement and she started breathing hard and responding to my touch. 

When my hands reached the middle of her thighs I felt bare skin which was a very welcome surprise. Rather than the pantyhose that I was expecting, I discovered much to my delight that she was wearing thigh high stockings. She knew how much I hated pantyhose since they make finger fucking almost impossible. I softly caressed the soft flesh of her thighs and she raised her hips to move closer to her. When I pulled up her skirt I got another pleasant surprise. She was wearing a panty girdle with a snap out crotch!! The thought of playing with this put my cock in second gear. It was sort of translucent and her dark triangle showed through it faintly. Before I knew what was happening she had pulled my head up to her crotch and held it tightly between her legs. I began lapping her furiously though the fabric of the panty girdle and she humped my tongue like a wild woman. 

Soon I couldn't wait any longer and reached up and unsnapped her crotch panel, pulled it away feasted my eyes on her vulva lips and tightly closed fanny cheeks. Her cunt was just as I remembered with its perfect outer lips lightly covered with black, curly hair. When I opened her lips her little clit came bouncing out and when I went down on her cunt hole it was like French kissing and old friend. She pulled her legs up to her chest and reached down to spread herself affording me maximum access to her cunt. I slowly licked around the inside of her now wide-open pussy and teased her clit with an occasional lick or gentle bite. 

She was not in a mood for teasing and raised her hips up to give herself the greatest pressure against my tongue. My tongue reached deeper and deeper into her cunt and she played with her clit while I ate her. Soon she came with her usual intensity. I stood before her and she unzipped me and pulled down my clothes. Before I could move she was sucking me off furiously. Her head bobbed up and down on my fully engorged cock like there was no tomorrow. She sucked and licked with such intensity that I came before I could even warn her. Her face was soon covered with my hot jism and she hungrily licked up every last drop I spurted. What a broad!!!

We lay on the bed kissing and she lightly stroked her slit and told me that she was sorry about being so anxious and cheating us both out of a good fuck. I told her that I would be very happy to try again, but that I would need some rest and June suggested that we relax in the living room for a while. She asked if there was anything special that she should wear and I asked her to put on a pair of panties, a bra and to leave the thigh highs on. I went to the living room wearing just a shirt and sat down on the couch to finish my drink that I had hardly started. Soon she entered the room wearing pink panties. She pulled up an easy chair right in front of me and sat down. 

She opened her legs and put her feet up on the arms of the chair. Her pussy hair peeked out from her panties and the sight of that started getting me excited. She started rubbing her cunt through her panties and as she did this the pink material conformed to her slit and made a perfect impression of them. She masturbated slowly at first and then fast and pulled the crotch of the panties aside frequently to give me a great beaver shot. She fucked herself with one finger and added a second finger. 

As they slid in and out of her cunt hole she worked herself into a frenzy which ended with a forceful orgasm. After she relaxed a minute she gave me a knowing smile and in a flash was on her knees in front of me. She opened my legs and raised them up to have easy access. She started slowly licking my balls and up the shaft of my awakening cock. When she reached the tip she kissed and licked it before licking back to my balls. I closed my eyes and enjoyed her and fanaticized about plunging deep into that lovely hairy cunt. After several minutes of this fabulous cock sucking she lifted me up higher and rimmed my asshole with a passion.

Soon I couldn't take any more of this and moved her head away. She said, "Is there anything that you would like to do now." I told her that I wanted to return the oral favors and then fuck her until she couldn't walk. We returned to the bedroom and I asked her to lie face down on the bed. I straddled her and started kissing and licking down her back.

When I reached the pink panties I traced the out crack of her ass with my tongue until I reached her asshole which I licked lightly through the pink fabric. She raised her fanny and I pulled the panties down to reveal her little pucker which excited me so much that I now lapped it furiously and stuck my tongue as far up it as I could. She was going wild and started in with her usual, "you fuck, you shoot, fuck me". 

She turned over on her back and swiftly guided my cock into her drenched nest. Being in her cunt again after all this time felt great and I did my best to hold on as long as I could. After several minutes of fast and slow fucking I spunked in her. Another great time with June!!