 I ring the taxi as she lifts her self from the desk. I watch her as she pulls her bra back over her sumptuous breasts and fastens the buttons on her blouse. She doesn't touch the top three, leaving her full cleavage on view in a manner that borders on indecency without crossing the line. As I speak to the operator her weary legs take her across the room to where her panties lay. She picks up the thin wisp of black lace and feeds her knee high boots into the legs before pulling them up her thighs and under her skirt.

'Ten minutes,' I say as she turns to face me, her face both beautiful and wanton.

I walk over and kiss her hungrily. Our lips merging in a cavalcade of tongues, lips and salvia. Her arms encircle me as mine encircle her.

'As good as you thought?' she asks with a knowing smile as she breaks off the kiss.

'Better,' I reply before releasing my hold on her exquisite body.

Without another word we slip out through the door, instantly breaking the silence as the sound of the party surges back into our ears. 

'Jane,' a voice calls out as the door shuts behind us.

We turn to see Lucy, a friend of Jane's in only the loosest sense, one of those girls for whom every conversation is an opportunity for bitchiness and put downs. She emerges from the living room, dressed in a similar slutty school girls outfit, carrying about an obviously misplaced sense of her own sexiness and superiority. 

'I wondered where you went,' she says in her usual condescending manner.

Jane draws a breath intending to reply before Lucy see's me and cuts her off.

'Hi Andy,' she flashes me a smile. 'Just got here?'

'Not long,' I reply, sensing Lucy's admiring eyes whilst Jane stares at her friend nonchalantly.

'What do you think of my costume?' she asks with that same smug smile, gesturing to her body as she speaks. It's almost identical to Jane's, the same long boots, the same open blouse, the stocking tops and skirt.

'Very nice,' I lie, it doesn't seem fair to do anything other to this skinny bitch who exists in her bubble of delusion.

Lucy smiles at me, a smile I recognise as the one she confusingly thinks to be her most enticing.

'Of course it doesn't help when someone wears the same costume,' she leans in and whispers, nodding her head at Jane who watches her impassively. 'Although it's great for the ego when you carry it off so much more successfully.'

'Yeah,' I reply brusquely. 'Jane was just telling me the same thing.'

The stupid bitch roars with laughter, unable to perceive the joke at her expense. Jane flashes me a confused look, as if questioning me. It annoys me that she should doubt me.

'Didn't quite work did it?' she nods again at my glorious lover. I pity her, so ignorant and stupid.

I'm about to respond when she cuts me off to unleash another barb against her friend.

'Still,' she says smugly. 'At least you've decided to stop making a spectacle of yourself on the dance floor.'

I watch Jane bite her lip, knowing how easy it is for Lucy to wind her up.

'Did you see her?' Lucy asks me with a smug smile, evidently expecting me to agree with a knowing smirk.

'Oh yes,' I laugh as I reply, a laugh born out if the realisation that this bitch is blind as well as stupid. A laugh that instantly causes Jane's head to spin round to face me, her expression one of hurt and betrayal. 'Totally shameless.'

Her eyes widen, her mouth drops open as Lucy unleashes a cruel giggle that cuts Jane like a knife.

Lucy smiles at me, a smile I recognise as the one she confusingly thinks to be her most enticing.

'Of course it got a lot worse,' I continue, lowering my voice and leaning in conspiratorially. 'You should have seen what she did next.'

Lucy looks at me hanging on my every word, absorbed in this juicy piece of gossip she mistakenly thinks to be at her friends expense.

'Go on,' she says excitedly, fixing her friend with a cruel stare.

'Well I found her next door,' I said quietly. 'Knickers round her ankles, skirt round her waist, her breasts spilling out from her bra.'

She looks at her friend, her face twisting into one of shock and disbelief.

'What was she doing?' she asks, the cruel tone disappearing to be replaces by one of scarcely concealed disbelief

'Giving me the 'best fuck I ever had,' I reply with a smile as I watch her jaw drop in disbelief.

I lift my head and turn back to Jane. She smiles sweetly, first at me, then at her friend who sits frozen, then back at me. She looks triumphant and unbelievably sexy. She doesn't resist as I wrap my arms round her and stick my tongue down her throat. She kisses me deeply as my hands knead her buttocks, rubbing her body against mine int eh process.

'Back to yours?' I ask needlessly as we eventually break off our embrace. 

'Aye, she grins. 'I've had enough of making that skinny bitch look second best.'

The taxis waiting for us when we escape via the front door, now deserted of blues brothers and spider men. We climb in the back of the hackney cab, collapsing on the seat. I call out the address to the bored looking driver, an unremarkable Asian man in his mid thirties, as she wraps her arms around me. The engine purrs into life as our lips meet again. Our tongues jostle, lubricated by saliva, as our hands roam each others bodies, caressing and groping as they go. Her body feels warm against mine, she squirms beneath me as my weight pushes her down in the seat.

My lips leave hers, moving down to her neck as she pulls me closer. My right hand wraps itself round her waist as my free right hand falls to her nylon clad knee. I squeeze her sturdy thigh, eliciting a low moan before I run my hand up her leg, stroking her as they move. 

My mouth sucks, licks and kisses with greater intensity, travelling down her neck as my hand pushes up over her stocking tops. She grabs my hair, wrapping it round her fingers, pulling me closer to her amble bosoms. 

My head descends lower still, I pull my arm from round her back, pulling at her blouse so that I leave her right breast free. I tug at the black lace of her bra, releasing her sumptuous breast. My lips find her nipple instantly, wrapping themselves around it with the speed and intensity of a new born child. My other hand pushes higher, forcing her to spread her legs to accommodate my roaming fingers. I feel our juices covering her naked thigh, wet and slippery, forcing me further. The thin gusset of her panties is soaking, the coarse lace providing a stark contrast to her smooth thighs. I pull at it roughly, desperate to get at her pussy below. I softly bite her nipple as I push two fingers into her warm, wet cunt. She purrs in my ear, a low sound that spurs me forward with even greater intensity. My thumb strokes her clit whilst my fingers slide in and out of her tight hole. My spare hand squeezes the breast I'm not sucking, eliciting a louder moan. Her body yields beneath my touch as I bend her willingly to my desires. I smell her sex filling the cab, a odour more intoxicating than any that's come before it.

I raise my head as I slide my body to the floor. She returns my stare, her breasts heave in time with her deep, slow breathes, her face is red and covered in sweat. I pull back, kneeling before her as my fingers continue there relentless probing inside her. I see her pussy glistening as I pump my fingers in and out. It's juicy and delicious and as I look at it I know I won't wait to taste it. I grab her leg, pulling upwards, knowing she wants it. She lifts it to my shoulder, the nylon of her tights tickles my ear, as I push my face down towards her heavenly crotch.

I half expect her to stop me but the fact is she's far too aroused to want me to stop. I'm kissing and biting as I push my head lower, first nylon, then lace, then the soft pale flesh of those heavenly thighs.

I pull my fingers from her pussy, they're smeared with our juices, mine white and milky, here's viscous and glistening. I raise them to her wanton face, receiving a filthy smile in reply before she opens her mouth and accepts them, sucking them harder than she's ever sucked anything before. My spare hand pulls at the gusset of her panties which has snapped back over her wondrous cunt. I lean down and sniff it, savouring the overwhelming scent of her sex. I kiss it, her soft pink lips trips beneath mine. I lick it and suck it. I bite the soft flesh of her thigh and rub her clit. I push my tongue into her glorious hole, so tight and sticky, so tasty and delicious. How has it taken me so long to treat myself to this, the ripest of peaches? I lick her insides, my fingers pulling her lips apart, making her squeal as she closes her thighs tight around my neck. Her long knife like heels stab into my back as her stocking tops dig into the side of my face.

'Oh yeah baby,' she murmurs almost dreamily. 'Eat my pussy.'

My tongue flickers back and fourth, in and out, jostling for space with my fingers. Her nails dig into my scalp as her legs tighten around my neck. I pull my fingers from her mouth and pinch her nipple

'Eat my pussy baby,' she squeals louder. 'Eat my juicy cunt.'

She's trembling and panting, urging me on, letting me please her. It feels so good, knowing how fucking horny I make her, knowing how wet she gets. She's wild and free, sexy as hell, exciting and dangerous. Knowing this makes me want her more. Knowing how good she smells and tastes, looks and feels, knowing how I make her care for nothing but me.

'That's it baby,' she screams. 'Let me cum in your filthy mouth!' 

She squeals and screams, spasms and trembles. She cums like a bitch, wet, juicy and delicious. Loud and free, without restraint or inhibition. 

I raise my face from her aching cunt. She lays back in the car seat, her skirt round her waist, her breasts naked and voluptuous. She pulls me close to her, exchanging another dirty, sordid kiss, before unleashing her Tongue on my face as she seeks to imbibe her juices, licking them from my skin hungrily. 

'Do I taste as good as I fuck?' she asks with a wanton grin.

'Fuck yeah,' I answer eagerly before flopping back in the seat next to her. I look up to see the eyes of the driver watching us in the rear.

'Enjoy the show?' I ask cheekily. 

He says nothing and returns his eyes to the road. I look round to see that we're only a few minutes from home. Jane pulls her skirt back over her thighs and refastens her blouse over her plump breasts.

'Just think,' she says as the taxi rounds the corner into this road. 'I wanted you for years and all I ever had to do with dress like a sexy bitch.'

'No,' I reply quietly. 'all you ever had to do was realise that you were one.'

This kiss isn't like the others, it's soft, sensual and languid, stopping only when the taxi comes to a halt outside her bed-sit. 

'Eight fifty mate,' asks the driver. 

'Keep the change,' I say as I give him a ten pound note and climb out if the taxi before he has a chance to reply. I replace the wallet in my pocket as the taxi's pulls away. I watch it disappear round the corner before turning to find my lover.

She climbs the two steps to her font door and fumbles in her bag for her keys. I look down at her arse below me, it's big and inviting. I wrap my arms around her waist, pressing my warm body against hers. It's hot and pliant, responding to my touch by pushing herself back against me.

My lips find her neck, she leans her head away from me, presenting me with yet more inches of her exquisite flesh. I bite into her, my teeth finding her flesh yielding beneath them. Too soft to be truly painful, she whimpers in response. My left hand squeezes her breast whilst my right snakes round her back and down to the hem of her skirt. She doesn't protest as I slowly lift it up over the tops of her stockings, exposing her lace covered buttocks, a sight of almost indescribably luscious. I want her again, I need her again. My whole body demands that I take her. I know I need only wait seconds, but I can't. I've waited during the taxi journey, sating her passions whilst causing mine to rise unchecked. Now it's my turn. I've waited too long. I feel like a starving man who has come across a sumptuous banquet. I need more than my fill to sate my hunger, and this bitch is just to fucking horny to ignore. The street is deserted deathly quiet, as still as a graveyard. I rub my crotch against her warm supple derriere. The elevation of the step and her heels is too perfect. I pull at my fly, my fingers impatiently struggling with the buttons that constrain my stiff cock. My lips work their way up her neck whilst my spare hand slips under her blouse and into her bra, allowing me to grope it shamelessly as the pale orb flops out into the moonlight.

'Wait,' she murmurs as her hand continues it's seemingly endless quest for her keys.

'No,' I reply quickly as I manage to pull my dick from trousers. The cool breeze strokes its hard tip before I push it against her, letting it seek solace in the warm embrace of buttocks, allowing it to rest in the valley between her cheeks.

'Someone will see us,' she whispers nervously although her words are betrayed the hint of excitement and by the way her arse rubs my dick, a sign that her body at least is impatient as mine.

'Let them,' I whisper in between the kisses that linger on the side of the face.

My arm pulls her body even tighter to me, whilst my fingers pull her panties to the side. They're soaking wet, needing to be peeled away from the pussy that has turned me into this insatiable beast who cares for nothing but his needs.

'Someone will see us,' she repeats, louder this time, in a voice breathless and desperate.

'I want them to,' I lick her face as my fingers plunge into her tight cunt. I rub her clit and squeeze her nipple. 'I want them to see how fucking horny you are.'

She turns her head and offers me a smile that's delirious and sinful.

'And just how fucking horny is that?' it's a question that's barely audible, accompanied by a look that demands more than an answer.

'So fucking horny I can't wait another second,' I pull my fingers from her pussy, and use them to take hold of my throbbing erection. Her smile remains in place as she spreads her legs and uses her hands to brace herself against the frame of the still locked door. 

Wordlessly I slam my big, hard cock into her, stabbing it upwards in one hard thrust. Her pussy accepts it hungrily, pulling it into her tight, slippery hole. It's soft and velvety, and now wonderfully familiar.

She watches me silently over her shoulder, her eyes widen as my thrust forces my swollen member into the vice lie grip of her womb. The definition of sex and sin, her eyes dance with lust. Years I've known her and yet in one night, a goddess arises. So addictive, so moorish, I want her and I have her. I fuck her as she balances on her heels. I fuck her as she maintains her whore-like pose. For a virgin she was born to fuck, to seduce, to tempt and to ruin. She watches me, willing me on, begging me with her eyes, faster, deeper, harder. I can do nought but oblige. I'm pounding her pussy, mad with lust and passion. If she says no it will be rape. It must be rape. But she says nothing. She pants and smiles and fucks me back. The perfect slut, the sexiest bitch, the beautiful whore. More addictive than heroin, so much so that I think nothing of fucking her in the street, knowing we could be seen, wishing we were. For what could they see but two beautiful people doing what they wished they were doing. For there is not a man alive who would not kill for this cunt's embrace and not a women who wouldn't whore herself for this cock. Let them fucking see us.

For all the wondrous sights her voluptuous body affords us is it her eyes that I watch. Later I will imagine her unfettered breasts bouncing freely in the orange glow of the streetlight, and I will dream of watching my cock disappearing under succulent arse, still visible beneath the sheer panties that chaff against my erection. But it is her eyes that enchant me, burning with passion, wanton and sensual. My friend and yet so much more, lady of the north, flower of Scotland, a goddess and a slut, pure and dirty, for I have known the yang and now I fuck the yin. Holding her close, sweating and writhing, pushing her against the door with each thrust.

Her eyes demanding, commanding, wanting receiving. My mind thinks of nothing but her and her sin. She cums, her body tenses, her panting stops. Shaking and moaning, balls slapping, clit rubbing, cock thrusting, she's cuming. Legs shake, pussy tightens, a quiet moan suppressed with my hand that's rapidly replaced by my roving tongue. We watch each other as we kiss, as we fuck, as we cum. Tremulous and ecstatic, exploding within me as I explode with in her womb, my spunk spraying within her, making her eyes burn even brighter as the euphoria hits her. It echoes within me, peaking, fucking, this bitch, this beautiful wonderful bitch. Sweating and cuming and panting and breathing. One last thrust and it passes, one deeper and harder than before, forcing it in so hard and deeper pain flickers on her face, a pain that she craves. 

Seconds later I pull my aching cock from her aching pussy and release my grip on her still trembling body. Without my support she collapses against the door with a muffled thud that's immediately replaced by the sound of a cars engine approaching. Lights turn towards us as I shove my cock back into my jeans. 

I turn to see Jane still leaning against the door, panting. Her breasts hang free above her bra but are hidden from view by her body. Her skirt falls back over her arse, covering her sumptuous arse although failing to hide her stocking tops. We stand almost motionless as the car passes, slowing down it's lights banish the dark from around us. She turns her head to face me, looking tired and wonderful, satisfied and yet hungry, shining in the light that illuminates her in all her sinful, wanton glory. 

I turn to see the car as it slows next to us, my throat tightens as I see the blue and white livery of a police vehicle. My eyes flick back to my exhausted lover as she struggles with the buttons of her blouse, desperately covering her modesty as she seeks to cover up our crimes. The car pulls to a halt beside us, the window descends slowly.

'Everything alright?' asks the young looking policeman as he flashes a barely concealed leer towards my lover. 

She turns to face him, looking resplendent in the orange glare. Her breasts are no longer on show, although her cleavage hugs the borders if indecency. Her skirt sits too high, the grey nylon if her stockings glistens with residue of my sperm on her thighs.

'Aye,' she replies with a wry smile. 'never better.'

The policeman flashes her a lustful grin before the car rolls forward again. Seconds later we are alone again.

She turns to me and smiles, the same smug, triumphant grin that's led to my downfall.

'I take it you want to come in for coffee,' she asks needlessly.

No response is needed as she opens the door and disappears inside.

To be continued...