 So I was seeing this girl named Cinde. Our first date lasted 4 days. She was the girlfriend I always wanted. We had a great time doing things together and she was as horny as I was. We had sex at least once a day. Wow, the sex was good. I couldn't have been happier. The only fights (and they really didn't qualify as fights) we ever had was over why I wouldn't ask her to marry me. I was dirt poor, was waiting to leave for the military, and we were both fairly young. I was planning on asking her to marry me. I just wanted to wait until we had been together a year, and I had completed officer training.

We didn't make it that far. We barely made it a year. It wasn't my idea to break up. Oh well. We kept in touch over the years. Sometimes better than others. Being in the military I moved around a lot. It was right around 7 years since we had last seen each other that the e-mails and phone calls started to become pretty regular. She even dropped a hint or two that she would like to see me again. 

I wasn't too sure what to think of that. Cinde was a great e-mail friend, and every time we talked we had a great time. But life was a lot more complicated now. I had a son, and she had a daughter. I wasn't sure what I wanted from her. Did I mention that after all this time she was still the best lover I'd ever had? We finally saw each other after 10 years. It was a fun weekend, but nothing steamy happened. Too bad after that trip we both discovered that we wanted to rip each other's cloths off. Due to our schedules it took another year for us to get together again. 

I was in the process of moving and was spending the summer in different city. I invited Cinde to visit. She jumped at the chance. In the month leading up to her visit the conversations took on a decidedly sexual nature. We were teasing each other pretty bad. In the process I found out that Cinde hadn't had sex in over three years. I was pretty certain the last time she had sex was right around the time she got pregnant. I made it abundantly clear that I was willing to help her with this problem. Neither one of us could wait to see each other. 

I picked her up from the airport on a Friday evening. As I walked up to the terminal I was pretty nervous. Would we get along as well in person as we did over the phone? Would she be as beautiful as I remembered? Would she be as horny as I remembered? Would the sex be as good as I remembered? Were we just setting each other up for disappointment? 

One question was quickly answered. She was as beautiful as I remembered. Her hair was dark brown and fell past her shoulders, her figure looked as good as it did 11 years ago, and her tits looked like they might have been a little larger. Although she was still 5'2", and couldn't weigh more than 120. Cinde was wearing sandals, a tight pair of jeans, and a t-shirt. She had a big smile on her face when she saw me. I walked up to her and we shared a more than friendly hug and brief kiss.

It took about 20 minutes to get back to the hotel I was staying at. During the drive we caught up with each other. I didn't feel any awkwardness. It felt like there had been no break in our friendship. 

When we got to my room I set her suitcase on a stand and gave her a brief tour of my room. The tour ended with us standing next to a table near the foot of the bed. It was so easy to take her into my arms and for us to kiss. The kiss started out light, but quickly became passionate. I had forgotten how great a kisser she was. While kissing our hands roamed over the others body. I was holding the back of her head with one hand a caressing her ass with the other. I was also rock hard. There was no hiding that fact from her as I pressed my cock into her abdomen. 

The first time Cinde and I had kissed it had taken me at least 10 minutes to take her shirt off. This time it took less than 5 minutes for me to pull her shirt over her head and unclasp her bra. The cloths were thrown to the floor. I moved one hand up to cup one of her tits. Her tit was full and firm, and her nipple was standing up proudly. It looked like she was a small C or large B cup. I bent my head down to kiss and suck her other tit. She was moaning, clearly enjoying the attention I was showing her tits. 

In short order her jeans came off and were quickly followed by my shirt and pants. We were standing there locked in an embrace with me wearing only my boxers and her in a lace thong. It felt so good holding her nearly naked body against mine, feeling her tits pressed into my chest, kissing each other.

I needed to get her into the bed. So I picked her up and carried her to the center of the queen sized bed and laid her down. We continued kissing and caressing each other. It didn't take us long to loose what little clothing remained. As I slid the thong off her I noticed that she had almost no pubic hair. She was clean shaven except for a little tuft just above her lips. Few things turn me on more than a shaven pussy. This night kept getting better and better. 

Once completely naked we rolled around for a bit kissing and caressing each other. Finally I rolled her onto her back and began to kiss my way down her body. I spent a little extra time on her tits, sucking on her hard nipples. I could have spent the next few hours worshiping her tits, but her pussy was calling to me. I needed to eat her. As my kisses moved across her abdomen I maneuvered myself between her legs.

Cinde's pussy looked absolutely delicious. I could see the wetness seeping out of her. Lightly I ran my tongue up and down the length of her lips. Wow, she tasted good! As the first contact her back arched and a loud moan escaped her. I would have liked to tease her for a while before I really dug in to her pussy, but I couldn't control myself. I wanted her desperately. So I attacked her pussy with a vengeance. I ran my tongue around the opening to her vagina, and then thrust it inside her. She was moaning out of control and pumping her hips against my face. I was moving my tongue up and down her lips, circling her clit. One of my hands was playing with one of her tits, the other was wrapped around her thigh.

It didn't take long of this for Cinde to cum; moaning loudly and thrashing around on the bed. I kept licking her pussy lightly as she recovered from her orgasm. After a few moments of this I moved up her body. I lay on top of her as we kissed again. It appeared that she still didn't mind kissing after I went down on her. That thought only spent a micro-second in my mind because my hard cock was pressed up against her. Here it was, the moment I had been waiting 11 years for. Even though she hadn't had sex in over 3 years I know that she had been using a rabbit that I had bought her. Still, I planned on going easy on her. Just in case.

I knelt between her spread legs and aimed the head of my cock at the entrance to her pussy. Slowly I eased the head into her. She was dripping wet, and although her pussy was tight I was able to push into her with little effort. I entered Cinde with one long slow smooth thrust. Holding my body above hers I held still all the way inside her for a moment. Her pussy felt absolutely wonderful wrapped around me. So tight, hot and wet. I looked down to see her lips wrapped around the base of my cock as I was deep inside her. I could feel her cervix against the head of my cock. This was my fantasy come true, being inside Cinde again.

Then I began to pull out until just the head was inside her and slowly push back into her. That was about as gentle as I was able to be. Not because I lost control, but because she did. On my next thrust into her she pushed back almost violently with her hips. So I returned the favor and thrust hard into her. If that was the pace she wanted I was happy to give it to her. We weren't having sex, we were fucking . . . hard. There must have been as much pent up desire in her as there was in me. 

We were fucking each other as hard as we could. I might have been this hard right before cuming, but never before right at the beginning. I loved it! Cinde was moaning, and screaming. I held my body off hers some so I could see my cock sliding in and out of her pussy, and watch her tits bounce. Then I lowered myself down so we could kiss. Her hands were grabbing at my shoulders. We were making the most wonderfully obscene squishing sounds as our bodies slapped against each other. It didn't take long for me to feel her pussy clench my cock as Cinde screamed in orgasm. 

I only slowed down slightly after Cinde came. She didn't slow down much either. I was whispering in her ear how great her pussy felt, how I had been waiting 11 years for this, and how she was better than all my fantasies. After she recovered some from her orgasm I pulled her close so I could roll us over. I remembered her being great when riding me and Cinde didn't disappoint my memories. She forcefully impaled her pussy on my cock. Now I was able to rub her tits, pull her nipples, grab her ass, and caress her thighs. This was turning into one of the best fucks of my life.

I began to feel my orgasm building. So I flipped us back over. I held my body off hers so I could hold one of her tits, pulling her hard nipple. Cinde has the strongest pussy I've ever been in. She is able to squeeze me so hard it's almost painful. At the same time her pussy was insanely wet. On each inward thrust I went balls deep and could feel her cervix. I moved my hand to her thigh and wrapped my arm under her leg. Oh Cinde's pussy felt incredible! Those soft, tight wet walls wrapped all around me. I told her how good she was making me feel and that I was close to cumming. I fucked her as hard as I could. I needed her body to make me cum. We were both covered in sweat. My orgasm was close. 

From our pervious relationship I knew that Cinde loved cum in her pussy. I was the first guy to cum inside her and after I did she was hooked. However, in the passion of the night we had not discussed protection. So cumming inside her wasn't going to happen. Fortunately I also knew that she also loved having my cum in her mouth and that she swallowed. So I told her that I needed to cum in her mouth. She wasn't able to talk though her moaning, but was able to nod her head.

I was fucking her almost savagely as my orgasm approached. The pleasure was intense. I felt my balls draw up tight against my body. I knelt between her legs and held her waist. I watched my cock pound her pussy, her tits shake from the force of my thrusts. The pleasure now was focused in the head of my cock. I knew that I was moments from cumming. As the feelings shot down my cock to my balls I pulled out of her pussy.

Cinde quickly sat up and wrapped her lips around the head of my cock. I straightened up and thrust my hips forward slightly. I put a hand behind her shoulder to help steady her. Cinde might have gotten one suck in before my cum shot into her mouth. Oh it felt fucking outstanding! Her lips tight around the shaft and soft warm mouth engulfing the head. I fired 2 or 3 shots of cum into her mouth before she let me slip out of her mouth. She held me against her left tit as the last few spurts of cum left me. 

I looked down to see her tit with a rope of semen splashed across it. Cinde swallowed the cum in her mouth. We stayed there for a few moments, her holding me to her chest, gently stroking me, enjoying the afterglow of our long delayed union.