 Author's note: as usual, this will make more sense if you read at least part 2, if not part 1. For the record about half my stories are true (names changed), and the other half are either loosely based on reality, or fantasies. This story happens to be completely true. 

*

I get up for work at 0615. Even on the weekends I wake up at the same time. Normally on weekends I would roll over and try to get a little more sleep. Not this morning.

When I woke up I was spooning with Cinde. We were both naked, and my arm was draped over her. Oh, and I also had morning wood that was pressed up tight against her ass. Her body was soft, warm, and smooth.

I lifted up my head and looked at the clock. Sure enough it was 0615 in the morning. Cinde was still sound asleep. I didn't want to wake her up by turning on a light, or the TV, so I just snuggled up closer with her and closed my eyes.

Try as I might I couldn't get back to sleep. I kept thinking of what we had done the previous evening, and that she was naked and in my arms. Slowly I moved my hand up from her waist to cup one of her tits. Her nipple hardened immediately at my touch. I started to gently kiss her neck and across her shoulder blade.

My hand was moving from one breast to the other, feeling their fullness, and rubbing her hard nipples. Next, I slowly ran my hand down across her stomach and to her hip. I marveled that even though she had a kid you couldn't tell by looking at her. Her body hadn't changed much since she was 20. Her hips were ever so slightly wider, and her tits were noticeably bigger, but her stomach was still firm and flat.

For a while I ran my hand up and down her thigh. Cinde quietly moaned and shifted slightly so that her hips were more parallel with the bed. This made her pussy more available so I moved my hand across her abdomen, then to her pussy. Gently I ran my fingers up and down her slit. She was already incredibly wet. All this time I was still kissing her neck and shoulder. Her moan was a little louder this time. She was waking up. Again she shifted, now so that she was completely on her back, and she spread her legs. 

Glancing at the clock it was 0650. I moved over to kiss her. From the moment our lips touch the kiss was passionate. Our mouths opened and our tongues dulled. She reached a hand down to stroke my cock. What a great way to wake up in the morning! There was enough light slipping in under the blinds so that I could clearly see what was going on.

It didn't take long of this for Cinde to gently move my body over hers. Now I was above her with her legs on either side of me. I reached down, took my cock in hand and rubbed the head up and down her dripping pussy lips. This caused a loud moan to escape Cinde. That was about all I could take. I pushed my cock down to line up with the entrance of her vagina. Wow she felt so hot against the head. I pushed forward and she easily took me into her body.

I gave her maybe one or two strokes to see what she wanted. Sex this morning was like the night before -- hard, passionate, and fast. We were fucking each other. It felt great! I started by holding my body slightly off hers so I could watch us fucking. My cock looked so good pounding in and out of her nearly bald pussy.

The room was filled with the wet squishing sounds of sex and Cinde's loud moaning. She must have felt more comfortable with me this morning because she also added some commentary in her delightful southern accent.

"Oh, you feel so good." I lowered my torso down so that I was completely on top of her. I had one arm under her neck to support me. My other hand was running up and down her side. Cupping her tit, then moving down to her hip, and under her ass, then back up again. 

In between kisses and our moans I told her how good her pussy felt. She responded with, "fuck me." She didn't need to ask twice. I kept up our furious pace. The pounding was having the desired effect on Cinde. Her moaning was getting louder, her thrusting more frantic. In a few more thrusts I felt her pussy clamp down around me as she screamed in orgasm. I lifted my body up off hers so I could see her orgasm crash through her. The pleasure on her face was intense and her body was convulsing. 

The sex became slow and sensual as she recovered from her orgasm. I let her set the pace for how she wanted to be fucked. As she sped up I matched her pace. In no time we were fucking full force again.

I took one of her legs and placed her heel on my shoulder, running my hand up and down her leg. After a few strokes like this I put her foot back down on the bed so I could bend down and take a nipple in my mouth. Then I kissed my way up to her face. Cinde's mouth sought mine out. As our kiss broke she quietly moaned, "I want you to cum in side me."

Now those are words every man loves to hear. 11 years ago she was a junkie for my cum in her. Her two favorite places she liked my semen was in her and in her mouth. The only problem was that we had yet to discuss protection. Was she on the pill? Now was a terrible time to have this conversation, but I desperately wanted to cum inside her.

"Are you safe?" I asked.

Her response made my day. She gave a slight nod, "I have an IUD." What was she doing with an IUD if she hadn't had sex in 3 years? You only get something like that if you are planning on being sexually active. There was a good chance that she got the IUD so that I could cum in her. What a great woman!

Knowing that she wanted my sperm inside her made me feel even harder. I knelt between her legs. One hand grabbed her waist, the other one of her thighs. Blowing my load in her mouth the night before was great, but now she wanted me as intimately as a woman can. My thrusting hit a frenzied pace. The walls of her vagina felt so good wrapped around me, squeezing me in their warm and wet embrace. Her hips pumped up against me. 

I felt the pleasure fill the head of my cock. I was almost there. Through my own moans I was able to get out, "Cinde, open your eyes . . . look at me." Her eyes flew open. They were so big and brown. I locked my gaze on her eyes. The fire in my cock shot through my body. I slammed into her as deep as I could. I felt my balls tighten up even more as my cum shot into Cinde. I groaned loudly as I filled her pussy. I could feel the warmth of my cum around the head of my cock.

After I was done filling her up I gently laid down on top of her. While still inside her we rolled onto our sides as we both caught our breath.