 Think of this series kind of like "Pulp Fiction". These stories are told kind of out of sequence. If you've read any of this series you've read about our first date, and our most recent encounter. This next installment is about some of the adventures I had with Cinde when we first dated. First here is a little more background. Our first date lasted 4 days. Yea, it was that good. We found out that we were very compatible. We connected on so many different levels, besides we needed to have something to do in-between the incredible sex.

After our first date she went to Germany for a summer study abroad program. She was gone for almost three months. As soon as she got back we hooked up again. This is what happened . . . .





On the way to my place we kissed every chance we got, and my hand was in her shirt playing with her tits. While she was in Germany we had written many letters about how much we missed each other and what we wanted to do once we saw each other again. Both of us cold hardly wait to be together gain. Once we got to my place we headed straight to my room.

Standing by the foot of the bed we embraced and kissed - a hot passionate kiss. Our hands were running over the others body. I was cupping her tits, running my hands up and down her back, and caressing her ass. It didn't take long for us to start ripping each others cloths off. Quickly shirts, bra, and shorts were thrown on the floor. In short order we were standing there, me in just my boxers, and Cinde in just her thong. It felt so good having her nearly naked body pressed against mine. I bent down and took one of her hard little nipples into my mouth, sucking hungrily.

Cinde was moaning her approval. The passion between us was uncontrollable. Cinde was ready for more. She knelt down in front of me and pushed my boxers down and off. There she was kneeling in front of me with my hard cock right in her face. Cinde took advantage of the situation and slid me into her mouth. Wow it felt good. The head of my cock was completely in her mouth. She was sliding her lips up and down the inch or two of shaft just behind the head while running her tongue against the bottom of my cock. It was so hot watching this. I was running my hands through her hair.

As much as I was enjoying the blow job it was making me want her pussy more than I already did. Reluctantly I pulled her off my cock and helped her stand up. Now it was my turn to kneel down in front of her. I slid her thong down her legs. Mmmm, her pussy looked and smelled good. I kissed her stomach and abdomen while I ran my hands up the back of her legs. After she stepped out of the thong I stood back up. Now with both of us completely naked we embraced again. Kissing passionately I maneuvered us backwards to my bed.

Once I got Cinde next to my bed I gently pushed her back. She lay down on the bed with her ass right on the edge. I moved up her body and we shared another deep passionate kiss. My kisses moved to her ear, then her neck. After a few minutes I moved to her tits, licking and sucking her hard nipples. Cinde was moaning and squirming on the bed. I kissed my way down to her stomach, then I helped her spread her lags and maneuvered my way between her thighs, kneeling on the floor. Kissing and licking up and down her thighs I made my way to her pussy.

Her legs were over my shoulders as I started licking up and down her pussy lips. There was a lot of pussy juice flowing out of her. It tasted wonderful. I ran my tongue around her vaginal opening, then in and out of her. Cinde was moaning loudly now. Her hands were grabbing at the sheets and the back of my head. I worked my tongue up to her clit. For the next few minutes I licked and sucked her clit, using my tongue to circle around her clit, and then brushing the tip across her.

If I kept this up for much longer I knew that Cinde would cum. Not that I wanted to deny her an orgasm, but I needed to be inside her. I was pretty sure that Cinde wanted me as much as I wanted her. It had been almost three months since we had last been together. So I licked my way back up her body and we kissed again. I found it extremely erotic that she liked my tongue in her mouth right after it had been in her pussy.

We moved around on the bed so that she was laying down on her back in the center. I was kneeling between her legs which were spread as wide as she could. Holding my body above hers I rubbed my cock up and down her pussy. Her wetness covered the head of my cock. She was as ready as I was. Looking into her eyes I saw the desire that was consuming her. She was moving her hips to rub her pussy against my cock. She needed me inside her. Slowly I pushed my cock into her. The relief we both felt was indescribable. It was so good to be inside her - Cinde was so warm, wet, and tight.

Her pussy was almost too tight, offering a bit of resistance. I lowered myself down until my body covered hers. I took it slow with shallow gentile thrusts going a little deeper each time until I was balls deep in her. After I was all the way in I started slow long thrusts. Cinde met me thrust for thrust. As she loosened up my thrusts became harder and faster. Cinde loved it. She was moaning and thrashing around on the bed. One of my arms was behind her neck. With my free hand I held her breast, then caressed her hip and thigh. In no time we were fucking with a long, deep, hard rhythm. We were making wonderfully nasty squishing sounds as I slammed in and out of her. Fairly quickly her movements became more frantic as she drew nearer to orgasm. I kept the assault on her pussy steady. With a scream and a few shudders Cinde came.

I moved slowly inside her, barley moving, while she recovered from her orgasm. After she had calmed down I started thrusting hard and deep again. Cinde was really into it - moaning, pounding her hips against me, grabbing my shoulders. She was doing a great job of helping me cum. She was biting her lower lip, looking at me, begging me to come with her eyes and facial expression. It was so wonderful being inside her, feeling our bodies move together. I wanted to do this all night. Unfortunately I slowly felt the need to come begin to build. I started thrusting into her as hard and fast as I could.

The last time we fucked I had cum on her stomach. Before I got something to clean her up on a whim with I scooped up some of my cum and offered her it to her. With no hesitation Cinde took my cum covered finger into her mouth and sucked it clean. Why hadn't I done this earlier? While she was in Germany we had talked about me cumming in her mouth. The idea seemed to really turn her on. It also turned me on to no end. I promised myself that the next time we fucked I would cum in her mouth.

As I fucked her hard I slowly felt my orgasm building. I asked her if I could come in her mouth. She nodded slightly with a, "mm-hum". The pleasure kept building, moving form the head of my cock down to my balls, then up my spine. Just before I reached the point of no return I pulled out of her pussy. I moved up her body I straddled her chest. Cinde took the head of my cock in her mouth and began sucking while working the shaft with one hand and my balls with the other. She was working my cock hard. She seemed to desperately wanted to drink my cum.

In moving up so she could suck me the pleasure had backed off some. Also I had never come from a blow job before. As good as Cinde's cock sucking was I was a little worried that I wouldn't cum. So I forced myself to relax and enjoy the cock sucking. It was so erotic knowing that she was tasting her pussy while sucking me. It helped me to relax and enjoy the cock sucking by watching her. Seeing my cock in her mouth, her lips sliding back and for the across the head, her hands stroking me really helped focus me.

Then it began to happen. The pleasure started to build again. Everything was focused in the head of my cock in her wonderfully wet sucking mouth. The feelings hit a momentary plateau, then continued to build. It felt incredible!! Cinde must have felt my cock start to swell because she sucked and stroked harder. OH YEAH!! My orgasm surged through my cock and into her mouth. I threw my head back and groaned as I fired my semen into her mouth. She took all of my cum in her mouth. What made this experience even better was Cinde continuing to gently suck me as my orgasm subsided.

Once I had calmed down I slid my cock out of her mouth. Cinde closed her eyes and swallowed my load. She hadn't missed any of my cum. That was fucking hot! What a freaking awesome girlfriend! I got her some water then we curled up together naked and went to sleep.