 I was nervous about our first date. We seemed to get along pretty well, but how would it be in person? Also, I was extremely horny. I hadn't been fucked in over 2 years. Before I left home for the date I had been sunbathing in a bikini. I had a pretty good idea that we would end up in bed together so I wanted to look good.

Actually meeting him went great! After my sister dropped me off we went to dinner, then we went to a park and sat on some swings and talked. It was starting to get late, the sun was setting. So we went to the hotel. 

Not only was this a first date, but we were planning on spending four days together. My best friend bet me that we would be having sex by the next morning. I knew that she was probably right. I'd never had sex on a first date. Heck, I'd never spent the night with a guy, or stayed in a hotel with a guy, on a first date. However, I knew I wanted him. He was a little difficult to read. I was pretty sure he wanted me but he seemed to be playing it cool. 

When we got to the room things got interesting. There was only one bed in the room. It was king sized. So no matter what happened we would be spending the night together in the same bed.

We ended up sitting at the table in the room talking and looking at pictures. Fuck, I needed him to touch me. I forget exactly how it started. I think I had put my feet up on his lap and he tickled the bottom of my foot. So I tickled him back. 

If there was any awkwardness between us that vanished in a flash. We were tickling each other like crazy. I remember sitting on his lap while we were tickling each other. Eventually we ended up on the bed, still tickling and laughing. Finally we were out of breath from all the laughing and struggling. He was laying on his back on the bed and I was on my hands and knees on top of him. He reached up and drew me close. Mmmmmm, that felt good. We held each other for a few moments then he turned his head and we kissed.

The kiss developed quickly. In no time our mouths opened and our tongues touched. It felt so good having his tongue inside my mouth. It was making me think of having other parts of him inside me. While passionately kissing we rolled over. Now I got to feel the weight of his body on top of mine. If felt good. He started to kiss down my neck and across my collar bone. Wow that felt good! My pussy was starting to get wet and I could feel his hard cock pressing up against me.

It felt like hours we spent hours on the bed rolling around and kissing. It felt so good and so right to have him on top of me kissing me. Eventually he rolled us over so that I was on top of him. Then he started to unbutton my shirt. Yes! I wanted this so bad. I needed to show him my body, to excite him and make him want me. Because I wanted him. 

He took off my shirt and then unhooked my bra. He pulled my bra off and threw it on the floor with my shirt. Now he could see my tits and hard nipples. Then he pulled me in for another smoldering kiss. His hands were rubbing up and down my back as my nipples rubbed against his shirt. This wasn't fair, I needed to get his shirt off. So I did.

We were both now topless. He avoided my tits for a few moments before he rolled us over. After he did his kisses moved down my neck, across my shoulder, then down my chest to my tits. Oh it felt so good to have his lips and tongue on my tits and hard nipples. While he licked and sucked on one tit his and was massaging the other. He then knelt between my spread legs. Why did he stop kissing my tits? I was laying on the bed showing him my tits while he knelt between my spread legs. He took my hands and placed them on the button to his shorts, then went to unbutton my shorts. Aaah, that's what he had in mind. At the same time we unbuttoned each other's shorts. His hands moved to my hips to get a grip to take my shorts off. I lifted my hips and as my shorts cleared my hips I raised my legs to he could take my shorts all the way off. In the process he got a good view of the white thong I was wearing.

Then he lay down next to me to remove his shorts. When he did his hard cock flopped out of his boxers. HOLLY FUCK!! His cock was fucking HUGE! Not only was it long but it was also really thick (latter on when I measured it his cock was over 8" long, and 2" thick). How in the fuck am I going to get that thing in my tight little pussy? I really want to fuck him, but DAMN! His was the largest cock I've ever seen by far. I didn't get to look at his cock for long because he put it back in his boxers and resumed his position on top of me.

We began passionately kissing again. Again he began kissing and caressing down my body, across my tits, then across my stomach, then he positioned himself between my legs again and kissed up and down each of my thighs. Wow, he had me squirming around. Now he took my thong off. I was now naked on a bed in a hotel room on the first date about to get my pussy licked. That though excited me. Knowing that he was looking at my naked body, and my pussy was so erotic. Knowing that seeing my naked body spread out in front of him was exciting him made me wet.

Oh, I was correct, I was going to get my pussy licked. My butt was on the edge of the bed and he was kneeling on the floor. Starting near my knee he kissed and licked his way up my thigh to my pussy. All this tickling, teasing, kissing, and touching had made my pussy dripping wet. Finally he got to my pussy. His reached out with his tongue and lightly licked up my inner lips. Mmmm . . . his tongue felt wonderful on my soaked pussy. He licked up and down my inner lips, and ran his tongue into my vagina. I couldn't keep still. My hips were pushing up against his tongue. Every time his tongue would brush up against my clit I moaned. Finally he focused his attention on my overly excited clit. Fuck, he was going to make me cum so fast! The pleasure focused in my clit then shot through by body. I could feel my pussy spasming! I nearly screamed! I sat up as the orgasm crashed through me. Fuck that was good. That was just what my long neglected pussy needed. 

He didn't stop, only slowed down, licking my pussy lightly as I calmed down from my orgasm. My mind was numb from the pleasure. After my body relaxed he started licking me hard again. Holy fuck I was going to cum again! Again the orgasm exploded from my clit through my body. I sat up again moaning loudly as I came. 

Now it was more than my mind that was numbed by the pleasure, my whole body was numb. I felt wonderful, content, and exhausted all at the same time. He now kissed his way back up my body until he was on top of me. We passionately kissed. I could taste my pussy on his lips and feel his hard (HUGE!) cock pressing against my super wet pussy. I needed to give him some pleasure now. So I flipped us over so that I was on top of him. I knelt next to so I could take his boxers off.

As I pulled his boxers off his cock sprang free. I had forgotten about how intimidated I was while he was licking me. Well, there was no backing out now. I lay down between his legs. Now I literally had this monster in my face. Still, my desire was pushing me. I took hold of his cock at the base and started licking around the head. He moaned and lifted his head to watch me. That turned me on ever more. Knowing that he was enjoying seeing me lick, and soon suck, his cock. I didn't want to disappoint so after a few licks around the head and up and down the shaft I slowly lowered my lips over the head of his cock. He gasped, "Oh Cinde . . . .." Yea, I was making him feel good.

I slid my lips up and down over the head of his cock again and again. I couldn't get more than about an inch past the head into my mouth. His cock total filled my mouth. Oh, but I tried my hardest. I'd just never had anything like that in my mouth before. Still, I did the best I could to pleasure him. Running my tongue against the underside of his cock as I slide him in and out of my mouth, keeping my lips tight around him. Mmmmm . . . I was really enjoying fucking his cock with my mouth. 

I'm not sure how long I sucked his cock. His moaning was telling me that he was enjoying himself, that I was sucking his cock good. I guess he was wanting more because he reached down and pulled me up back on top of him. Reluctantly I let his cock slip from my mouth as I slid up his body until we were face to face. We kissed again. His hard cock was pressed up against my abdomen. He asked if I wanted to get under the covers. I agreed. Now I'm even more excited. I need to get fucked, and that is what was going to happen next.

As I got under the covers he got up and turned off all the lights except for the night stand light. Then he got into the bed next to me. Then he floored me. He said he wasn't sure if we should make love. What the fuck! I'm so horny right now I can't see straight! Ok, maybe he is right. Things had gone really fast. So far on our first date I had done a lot of things I had never done on a first (or fifth) date. I was naked in a hotel room with a guy, he had licked my pussy to two orgasms, and I had sucked his cock. Maybe we should call it a night.

I rolled over on my side with my back to him. He turned off the last light and cuddled up behind me. One of his hands reached around me to cup one of my tits. I closed my eyes and tried to go to sleep. However his hand was on my tit, softly and slowly caressing me and gently playing with my hard nipple. His hard cock was pressed up against my ass. My pussy was totally soaked and I was still horny. Try as I might I couldn't relax so I could sleep. Maybe if I rubbed his cock some more I could relax.  

So I reached behind me and took his cock in my hand and began to softly rub up and down its length. At first he just continued to caress my tits. Slowly his caressing became firmer, more incessant. I needed to face him, to kiss him and to feel both of his hands on my tits. So I rolled over. Immediately both of his hands went to my tits. I kept a little space between us so that I could more fully and firmly stroke his cock. His left hand moved from my tit, slowly slid down my side, then across my hip, behind my thigh, then down to behind my knee. He then pulled my leg up and rested my knee on his hip. His hand then moved up the back of my thigh to my pussy. Mmmmm, he began to finger me, rubbing my clit, sliding up and own my lips, sliding in and out of my vagina. Finally one finger slid inside me while another finger rubbed my clit. Wow that felt good! The better he made me feel the harder I stroked his cock and the more passionately I kissed him.

I think everything finally got to him. He pulled back from our kiss and he asked me if I wanted to make love. I responded with a soft yes. He asked if he could turn on the light and again I said yes. Inside I'm screaming YES! When he reached over to turn the light on I rolled over onto my back and spread my legs. 

After the light was on he moved between my legs. Fuck he looked good with his long, thick hard cock ready to enter me. Fuck, now I was going to get to try to take that monster inside me. He leaned over me keeping his body off mine so that our faces were inches from each other. He looked deep into my eyes and asked me if I was sure I wanted to make love. I told him I was. He took his cock in one hand and rubbed it up and down my lips, coating himself with my wetness. 

Once his cock was covered in my juices he positioned himself at the entrance to my vagina. Slowly he pushed the head of his cock inside me. He pushed in until most of the head was inside me then pulled out until the tip was barely inside me. Wow, that was a lot of cock! When he pushed inside me I felt my vagina stretching open. On the next thrust he went just a little deeper before he pulled back. I felt my pussy being stretched open by him. On his third or fourth thrust the head of his cock finally fully entered me. In and out he went, going a little deeper each time. While it was a little uncomfortable being stretched open it also felt fucking fantastic! I started moaning softly. 

Finally I felt a long slow thrust that went on forever. His cock was completely sheathed in my pussy. Now that he was all the way in it didn't feel that uncomfortable at all. I had never felt so full before, and that fullness felt so good! I could feel his balls against me, his cock head pressing against my cervix. 

Oh shit! He wasn't wearing a condom! I had never had sex without protection, never felt a bare cock inside me! Well fuck it, it's a little too late now to do anything about it. Besides I liked the feeling of his bare cock inside me, and it looked like he was enjoying feeling my tight wet pussy all around him. I guess I would deal with any consequences later, because so far this was the best fuck of my life!

After giving me a little bit to get accustomed to being so fucking full of his cock he started to pull out until just the tip was inside me, then he gently and slowly pushed back inside me. I met his thrust back in with my hips pushing up against him. Now we were making love, now we were fucking. In and out he went, again and again. Wow it felt good! I couldn't believe that I was taking his cock so easily. We were making the most wonderfully obscene squishing sounds too. The pressure he was causing inside me was driving me out of my mind. I was moaning all kinds of stuff. Slowly the pace of our fucking increased. What started out as gentle thrusting was now a hard pounding. He matched my intensity, and I matched his. I was moaning almost continuously. For the most part his body was completely on top of mine. He supported himself with one arm under my neck so his other hand could run up and down my side, stopping every so often to cup my tit, or squeeze my butt. I was running my hands up and down his back.

I had been on the brink of an orgasm from the moment he entered me. The pounding I was taking form his cock was slowly pushing me closer to cuming. I have no idea how long it took. It felt like it took a wonderfully pleasurable forever, yet it also felt like it took mere moments. The pleasurable pressure built up in my pussy. I started thrusting my hips at him harder. All my muscles tensed up. Fuck I was almost there! I seemed to stay there hanging on the precipice of cuming for agonizingly pleasurable minuets. My heart was racing. Between moans I gulped in air.

Then it happened. The tension released as the most incredible waves of pleasure crashed through my body. I was cuming. I screamed and hugged him close with my arms and legs. As good as the orgasms I had earlier from him licking me were this one was a thousand times better. It was mind numbing! Fuck that was good! I really needed that! 

As my orgasm subsided my body went limp. He slowed the pace of his thrusting until he was again slowly and gently moving inside me. Slowly I caught my breath. His cock still felt fantastic moving inside me. As I regained my strength I started moving with him again. I regularly do kegel exercises and I have really good control over my pussy. So as he pulled back I gave his cock a friendly squeeze with my pussy. This got some good moans out of him. Just like when we started we quickly went from gently love making to full on fucking. Oh, it was great!

I didn't think it was possible but his thrusts started to become even harder. He lifted his body up off mine and started pounding me senseless. I felt his cock swell up, getting even bigger. His balls were no longer slapping against my butt. Oh, he is about to cum. Yes! As much as I loved the orgasm he had just given me (and the ones earlier) I needed to make him cum. To give him the pleasure he had given me. I squeezed my pussy around him. With a loud moan he pulled his cock out of me. I quickly reached down and took his cock in both hands with the intention of jacking him off. I only got one tug in when his cum shot out of his cock. I watched the first blast arc over my right shoulder. He thrust his hips forward as I gently tugged his cock. He fired more wads of cum across my body, from my shoulder to my tits, to my pussy.

I was a wonderfully satisfied content mess. I had his cum all over me. Dripping off my shoulder, running down my tits, pooling in my belly button, on my pussy lips. He collapsed on the bed next to me. We held each other for a while gently kissing and caressing each other. Telling each other how much we had enjoyed what just happened. Then he got up to get me a wash cloth to get cleaned up. After he wiped up the mess he made on me we cuddled up close and finally fell asleep. What a, excuse the pun, fucking fantastic first date.