 It was late Saturday evening on a typically rainy night in northern England, as the two workmates stood waiting under a shelter for the last bus home. At 53 years old Ted was short, balding, beer bellied and feeling particularly sorry for himself at the moment. A recent divorce from his wife had taken its toll. Sean, taller, leaner and some ten years younger had finally twisted Teds arm to go out into town for a few pints with the caveat that there'd be lots of available ladies out that night. 

A few hours later, the pair stood at the bus stop alone, a little drunk and wet from the rain. Sean looked on the bright side, he had at least gotten his mate out for the night instead of sitting at home on his arse eating curry, watching shit tv and feeling sad.

They were both huddled under the shelter smoking a cigarette when Sean spotted a figure across the road.

"Ted, isn't that George's girl over there? In the white dress coming towards us?"

Ted squinted as rain dripped onto his glasses 

"Who? Michelle?" 

"No, the other one!" 

"Beth? Who her over there?" Ted asked. 

"Yep, it is. It's Bethany." 

Through the rain both men saw the young curvy blonde carrying a bag over her shoulder and talking on her phone. Beth looked up when Sean called out to her and waved back as she finished her call. As she crossed the road, Sean caught closer sight of her figure. Very busty, her cleavage was spilling out the top of her white dress as the rain made the material cling to her curvy hips, thighs and tummy. Her bottle blonde hair framed a pretty face with sparkling big blue eyes and pink cheeks. She's grown up a big girl Sean thought. 

Beth was 20 years old and living at home. Her dad worked wit Ted at the local plant and they had been friends since their youth. Both their families were close and Beth had been a classmate of Teds daughter, Sarah. Beth was a chatty, friendly, outgoing young woman who'd talk to anyone and liked to enjoy herself. However, enjoying herself often revealed the very naughty streak in her. Only half an hour before, she was fingered vigourously by a married bloke she'd just sucked off in the pub car park. Her knickers were in her handbag and the taste of married spunk was still on her tastebuds. Beth had earned a reputation among some circles for being a very dirty girl who loved being a slut. Sean had heard about this, after hearing some lads talking about her down the local. 

"Hiya!" Beth said brightly, joining them under the shelter. 

"Ooh I'm glad i'm out this rain. Have you got a light?" 

Sean offered his lighter as she pulled out a cigarette. As she sparked up, both men saw the glow of her heaving tits in her dress and droplets or rain running down her fleshy cleavage. The men glanced at each other briefly with a smile.

"You off home then love?" Ted asked. 

"Yeah, I was going to stay out but can't be arsed in this rain." She laughed.

"We're going to go back to Teds and have a few more drinks. His stop is first so come with us if you like Beth? It'll give you a chance to dry off a bit before you go home at least." Sean suggested, winking at Ted. 

Beth didn't really fancy being home early, but there was no where else to go. She'd known Ted all her life, he was like family so she felt safe enough. While Sean worked at the plant with her dad too, she didn't know him quite as well. She did know he had a reputation for being a rogue however. She liked his Irish accent and cheeky charm though. Still, she was a big girl and she could look after herself she thought. 

"Yeah! Alright then sounds good. What drink have you got?" She beamed. 

-

They boarded the last bus home, Beth by the window next to Ted with Sean in front turning back to talk to them. This gave Sean a perfect view of Beths cleavage and though he tried not to make it obvious, his merry wandering eyes were lingering over her tits. Beth had noticed this to her amusement and pleasure. She'd never been shy in hiding them away and couldn't deny she liked the attention. 

"So Ted, is your divorce all done now?" She asked.

"Pfft yeah don't remind me. Bloody pain in the arse its been." Ted grumbled back. 

"That's why we went out tonight. To get Ted back on the bike so to speak." Sean chuckled.

"Oh! Out on the pull were you? Lucky bike! Did you score then?" Beth teased.

"Ted had them lined up, eh mate?" Sean laughed nudging Ted 

"What about you Beth, did you score tonight?" he quizzed, arching an eyebrow

She paused for a moment, thinking about the married guy shooting in her mouth and fingering her to the brink of orgasm a short while ago. 

"No! I'm a good girl!" She coquettishly replied as her cheeks flushed. 

Sean noticed her eyes twinkling as she glanced at him. He knew she hadn't been a good girl. 

-

At Teds house, the mean went to fridge and brought in cans of lager. Beth sat on the small sofa near the TV as Ted joined her. Sean sat in the arm chair across from them as they listened to music and chatted together. The banter between them was sharp and funny. Sean had a wicked sense of humour and Ted a very sharp wit too. Beth could hold her own well among older characters in conversation and banter.

In between flirting with Beth, Sean was mercilessly taking the piss out of Ted's non existent sex life. 

"Aw come on, leave him alone!" Pleaded Beth as she hugged Ted merrily, her big tits squeezed against his head. 

"Honestly Ted, if I'd have been with that bitch I'd have probably become a priest myself. When was the last time you had any?" Sean continued. 

"Errr, over a year ago. With her. Ugh I don't want to remember." Ted shuddered taking a swig of beer. 

"Anyway Sean! What was the last time you got some and who with? Teasing poor old Ted all the time?" Said Beth jumping to Teds defense. 

"Ah I couldn't possibly reveal the identity of the young lady. It wouldn't be fair on her being associated with the likes of me." He winked. 

"Young lady? You dirty bugger." chuckled Ted. 

"Anyway Beth, I think it's your turn to spill the beans. Come on what about you?" Sean challenged. 

Beth smiled sweetly and winked at Sean 

"I told you. I'm a good girl" 

Sean smirked, not believing her for a second.

Shortly afterwards Beth shifted in her seat, opening her legs. For a brief moment Sean could see right up her dress. Past her fleshy thighs he saw a flash of dark hair underneath and the outline of her slit. It could have been underwear he thought, but she had a light purple bra on judging from the her straps and cup tops. 

"Right. I'm off for a piss." Beth announced as she tottered across the room. 

"Can I watch?" Sean remarked wickedly.

"You're a dirty fucker Sean!" She laughed as she walked past and slapped his shoulder. 

"Honey, you've no idea!" He smirked.

Once he heard the toilet door close, Sean lunged for Beths handbag and plunged his hand in. 

"Oi you! What you doing?" Ted asked

"I'm telling you mate, that girls been a dirty slut tonight." Sean said as he rummaged around Beths bag.

"Bingo!" He cried as he pulled Beths lacy light purple knickers out and threw them at Ted.

"Bloody hell. She not got knickers on?" 

"I know. She's been a dirty one tonight. Sniff them. Can you smell her fanny on them?" Sean urged.

"What? No! It's Georges girl I can't do that... can I?" 

"She's a grown woman Ted. And from what I've heard she's not shy about dropping her knickers."

"You're a dirty bugger you!"

"Aye and so is she, trust me mate. Sniff them. I bet her juices are only a couple of hours old." Sean winked. 

Ted held them to his nose and inhaled Beths scent. He quietly moaned.

"And those tits of hers Ted! They're just bursting to come out."

"She's always had big boobs her."

"And wouldn't it be great to clap eyes on them?"

"Of course, but she's Georges daughter!"

"So what! She's a grown woman who's obviously up for it. Just play it cool and let me do the talking."

Ted sniffed Beths knickers again. God they did smell good he thought. 

-

Upstairs, Beth stepped into the bathroom and hitching her dress over her arse, sat down on the toilet. Reaching between her firm thighs, she gently flicked her clit as she felt her pee hole tingle and open to let out a warm stream of piss. Casting her mind back to her earlier encounter, she remembered how horny she still was and that she still hadn't cum. Beth couldn't help running a piss covered finger through her plump labia and into her wet pussy. Moaning to herself, she added a second finger and wondered if it was too late to find some cock somewhere. She had a few guys who she could booty call if they were home, or there was the hook up app she'd just joined for meeting strangers. 

She sat considering her options, still rubbing and fingering herself absent mindedly on the toilet, her thoughts wandering to Sean downstairs. Beth admitted she kind of fancied him. He was handsome, definitely had charm and a wicked sense of humour. He was old enough to be her Dad but that had never stopped her fucking older men before. She was enjoying the attention from both of them with the flirting, pervy looks and saucy comments. Beth knew Sean was a dirty bastard from what she'd heard round the local pubs. Particularly, there was one girl she knew who had been 'ruined by his big irish cock' according to a couple of lads she overheard talking. The thought of her own pussy being ruined tonight appealed strongly to Beth as she felt her young clit throb in pleasure and a familiar ache in her pussy that only cock would fill. Drying her pussy lips, flushing the toilet and washing her hands, she checked herself in the mirror. 

Let's just see what happens she thought.

-

The point of the guys playing it cool was lost the moment Beth walked in with beers from the fridge and caught Ted with her knickers in his hand. 

"Oh my god! What the actual fuck?" She laughed snatching them away from him.

"Ted! Did you go in my bag?" 

"No! It was him the bloody idiot. He threw them at me!" Ted pleaded.

"Sean you fucker!" 

"I'm sorry honey, I was looking for a lighter and well... found more than I bargained for." He smirked. 

"I'm so embarrassed! I can't believe you did that! " She laughed and opened another beer. 

"Well, it proves you've been lying to us tonight young lady. So go on, tell us what you've been up to." encouraged Sean. 

Beth took a slug of her beer. 

"Well this guy was giving me the eye, but he had his wife there. She was off talking to friends and we got chatting. Really good looking, smelled nice. He brought me a drink and took me into the car park."

"What? Did you have sex with him?" Ted asked with a shocked expression.

"No! Well you know... he just fingered me and played with my tits... and I gave him a blow job. " She giggled into her beer.

"Whoa! Well he's lucky bastard wouldn't you agree Ted?"  

"He's a dirty old bastard if his wife was there!" Ted shot back.

"Yeah but Beth's a girl who seems to like dirty old bastards, aren't you?" Sean smiled.

She blushed.

"Well, I'm sat here with you two so yeah obviously!"

"Is that what you think? We're dirty old bastards? " Ted asked.

"Ted, I've just caught you sniffing my knickers. And Sean... yes, you are just a dirty old bastard." Beth laughed. 

"And yet you're still sat here with us." Sean teased as he looked Beth square in the eye.

Beth was horny as fuck by now no question, thanks to her earlier shenanigans and the beers. Even though they were her dads mates, it didn't bother her that they were perving and letching all over her by now. In fact it aroused the devilish slut in her. Sean she knew was a dirty fucker, but Ted she wasn't sure about. She knew he hadn't been happy for years and the idea of putting a smile on his face did turn her on a little. She was willing to experiment, especially something really kinky like having some fun with her dads mates. She just didn't know how far she would let it go. 

She gulped more beer and returned Seans look wickedly as if to say 'bring it on'. 

"So, Ted told me he's always wanted to see your tits." Sean pointed at his mate. 

"No I didn't!" said Ted defensively. "I said she's always had big boobs!" 

"Which you've always wanted to see, you told me." Sean was an expert at digging holes for other people.

"Errr no...what I meant was...don't think i've been perving on you Beth. But yes, I've always noticed your big boobs." Ted stammered as he stared openly at them. 

"Ted, were you perving on me when I was a schoolgirl?! You dirty bugger!" she mockingly chastised.

"No, well not like that. I mean I noticed you had big boobs from that age. Everyone did. Our Sarah was jealous. Kept saying it wasn't fair and asking her mum when hers would grow that big." Ted explained.

Beth felt a swell of pride run through her young body. Her tits made Sarah - his daughter - jealous and she remembered how she disliked Sarah for being a stuck up, spoiled little cow. 

"Go on Beth, give Ted a flash of those glorious boobs. He's a man in need. The last ones he saw were his ex wifes for christ sake. " Sean pleaded on behalf of his mate.

"You are a bad man Sean." smiled Beth as she reached around behind her, unzipping her dress as she turned to Ted. 

Ted sat frozen to his seat as Beth sat next to him and slipped her dress of her shoulders revealing her bra to him. 

"Bloody hell!" Ted smiled. 

Encouraged, she unhooked her straps while holding the cups and glanced at Ted as he perved on her fleshy cleavage. Beth bit her lip and watched Teds face light up when she lowered the cups, revealing her 38e tits and hard thick nipples. 

Ted gasped, her skin was so smooth and creamy, the swell so pendulous, her nipples large puffy and pink with thick rounded nubs. Beth delicately shook her shoulders making them jiggle and cupped her hands under them to push them together. 

"Beth, I think you've broken Ted." chuckled Sean. "He hasn't moved, spoke or breathed since you've got them out."

"They're bloody amazing love." Ted marvelled through his glasses. "How big are they?" 

"They're 38e Ted. You can touch them... if you want?" she said straddling him so they were perfectly lined up with his face. 

Ted looked up at his mates daughter and brought his hands to her magnificent big tits. He started gently brushing and cupping them with his hands, before running his thick gnarly fingers over her nipples. She liked this and felt her clit throb with pleasure at his attention. Ted started grabbing large handfuls of her fleshy tits as he became more aroused, weighing them in his rough hands, squeezing them forcefully as his ground his hips against her. Ted had a raging hard on like he hadn't felt for a long time and Beth could feel it pressing into her knickerless slit as she sat in his lap. He pinched her thick pink nipples hard which made her gasp and bite her lip in pleasure. At that point Sean walked across, stood behind her and kissed her neck. She moaned at the lips on her skin as her breasts were mauled by Ted. 

"Beth, you sexy little bitch. Look how happy Ted is." whispered Sean into her ear. 

She saw Teds eyes transfixed on his hands now groping her tits hard, pinching her thick nipples and smiled. His erect cock was pushing harder against his jeans and rubbing against her clit as she wriggled on him. Sean got in on the action and slipped his own hands under her heavy tits. Presenting them to Ted, he invited him to suck them. 

"Go on mate, suck her big juicy nipples." 

Beth moaned at hearing her body being offered out by Sean. She watched Ted clamp his mouth over her pink erect nipples, licking and sucking hard, feeling his tongue flicking over her puckered nubs. Her grinding and gasping against Ted intensified as Sean leaned over her and kissed her full on the lips, slipping his tongue into Beths mouth. 

Ted was in heaven but was shifting uncomfortably with his cock jammed in his jeans. Beth realised and reluctantly pulled her tits from his mouth to slide off onto the sofa. Ted was tugging on his jeans and they both saw his large tenting bulge. 

Beth looked up at Sean.

"Go on love... sort him out." he winked.

She smiled and turned to Ted.

"Do you want me to take them off then?" said Beth with an impish smile. 

Within moments, Beth was kneeling between Teds bare legs staring at his very hard uncut chubby erection poking out from under his belly. It wasn't too long, but it definitely had girth she thought. Ted was speechless as he watched Beth inspect it, look into his eyes with a smile and start sweeping her tongue across the head. She licked it from the base up, sucking the shaft and heard Sean unzip his jeans. Opening her mouth, she looked at Ted seductively before gently closing her lips over the tip of his cock. He gasped intensely, closed his eyes and lay his hands on her head. Beth began bobbing her head lower and lower onto Teds cock and brought her hands up to massage his heavy balls. 

Beth felt her dress being lifted over her hips by Sean, exposing her arse to him. She could taste Teds bountiful pre cum in her mouth, which turned her on immensely as she sucked him deeper and harder as she moaned. Sean groped her fleshy arse cheeks and slipped his finger down her crack over her arsehole and along her wet slit. Beth moaned again and began grinding back into his hand as she felt his finger slide up her. 

"Fuck me Ted, she's fucking dripping down here." said Sean as he probed Beths soaking cunt. 

Beth moaned and gripped Teds cock harder as she slid her young mouth up and down his hard old cock, her tongue expertly licking his sweet spot on the underside. 

It was getting too much for Ted. He hadn't had a blow job for so long and here was his mates daughter sucking his cock like a pro. The best blowjob of his life... from Georges girl no less. 

"Oh fuck Beth! I'm gonna cum! " He shouted

Beth instinctively sucked her dads mate harder, closing her lips as she felt his thick cock push further in her mouth. Moaning as Sean pushed another finger in her, she cupped Teds balls and she flicked her tongue around his bell. 

Ted groaned and gripped her shoulders, watching the first shot build up and shoot into Beths mouth followed by several more spurts of thick spunk that hit her tongue and lips. Beth moaned throughout as she was being fingered hard. Holding her face with his hands, Ted watched his spunk overflow and spill from her lips, down her chin and onto her chest. Beth swallowed what she could before laying her head on Teds thigh. Sean was using three fingers on her now, he knew she was about to cum her juices were pouring over his hand. 

"Go on you dirty little bitch, cum on my fingers. Married guy didn't finish the job and you're gagging to cum aren't you? Now you've got a 2nd mouthful of spunk after sucking off your dads mate you dirty slut."

 Beth loved his dirty talk and still holding Teds cock, came hard on Seans fingers. Her hips and legs spasming as she moaned out loud, overwhelmed by the sensations in her young cunt. Feeling her pussy pulsing she sat breathlessly on the sofa next to Ted, lips and chin covered with drops of his spunk. 

"Well now," Sean smiled licking Beths juices off his fingers "what a lovely sight. My mate Ted looking happier than i've seen him in years. And Beth you finally got to cum tonight. Not bad so far eh?" 

"Beth love, thank you that was fucking amazing. How'd you learn to suck a cock like that?" Ted asked still breathless.

"A good teacher and a lot of practice." She winked and licked her lips.

As they paused to swig a beer, Sean suggested Ted return the favour and lick Beths pussy. Ted was now over his earlier reservations about using his friends daughter and agreed quickly. He had sniffed her knickers earlier, now wanted to taste her young cunt. 
