 It was about nine thirty when I pulled my scooter around behind the Steel Wheel and parked it. The place was going great guns with a line of Harleys parked out front along with the various beat up pick ups and some cars. Angie was busy behind the bar when I walked in. "Phoenix, glad you're here," she said. "Would you mind helping me out for a while? My barmaid called in sick."

"No problem. What can I do?"

"Could you run some pitchers and glasses through the washer? I'm running out fast."

I filled a basket and started it washing then went out on the floor and started collecting the empties. The place was pretty busy. They were lined up three deep at the bar, the tables were full and there was a line of quarters on the pool table a foot long. Several customers tried to order beers from me. "Sorry guys, it's serve yourself night," I would say. "The barmaid's sick and I'm just helping out a friend."

One guy over by the pool table kept checking me out. He was pretty good looking except for the unkempt greasy looking beard on his face. When I passed by with an armload of dirty glasses, he sidled up next to me. "I'd like to be your friend," he said with a leer.

I stopped and looked him up and down. He looked to be in pretty good shape. "I could be more than just a friend if you cleaned up and shaved that nasty mat off of your face," I told him as I pressed on by.

"Hey," he yelled after me through the din. "I'll be right back, wait here."

"Who's the hunk?" I asked Angie when I got back to the bar.

"He goes by the name Farley," she said. "He's some kind of mucky muck in the local bike club. Rides a real nice scooter." 

It was sometime after midnight and the bar was starting to clear out when someone tapped me on the shoulder. When I turned around and saw the hunk in the Ocean Pacific tee shirt and faded jeans, the only thing familiar about him was the Eighty Second Airborne tattoo on his bicep.

"I'm ready to be more than just a friend," he said.

"First I've got to see if you've made yourself worthy," I said, stepping up to him and stroking his smooth shaven face. "I'm still a little sketchy about the moustache." I moved my hand to behind his neck and then went up on tiptoes and pressed my lips to his.

A slight moan escaped Farley's parted lips. He put his hand on the small of my back and pulled me gently into him. For a second it felt as if he were pulling my breath out of me. He kissed me tenderly twice more and the heat from his firm body sent a warm tingle through me, making my nipples harden and my pussy throb. That was the way I liked to be kissed! I had never kissed a man with a moustache and I kind of liked it.

Farley staggered back a step and leaned against an unoccupied barstool. I moved with him and kissed him once again. "Yeah, I think that'll do," I said. I reached down and cupped the bulge in the front of his jeans, making him moan a little.

Farley pulled back a little ways. "Man, you scare the shit out of me," he said. "You're hot, sexy and deadly."

"You are never more fully alive than when you're facing death."

"I want you bad, girl," Farley whispered. "More than life itself."

"You live alone?"

"I've got a trailer a little ways down Bottle Rock Road."

"My scoot's parked around back. I'll meet you around front." When I turned away to leave, it took me a few seconds to catch my breath and come back to reality. Farley's kiss had left a warmth burning in my tummy and a familiar tingling between my legs. If I had been wearing panties, they would have been soaked. I had to stop and think for a minute where I was headed.

As I went around the bar Angie asked where I was off to. "I'm going to have my way with Farley's body," I told her.

"I don't blame you," she said as she watched him heading towards the door. "He sure is looking good tonight. He's real cute without the beard, and such a hunk. The only thing I don't like about him is the company he keeps. Be careful."

"Oh, I always am."

Farley was waiting for me on his Fat Bob at the edge of the parking lot. I pulled up beside him and he took off with a roar. As I followed him up the curving highway and made a left behind him onto Bottle Rock Road, I couldn't help but think how that guy turned me on. His kisses were just perfect and they seemed to draw me in. Farley's trailer was at the end of a gravel road nestled in a stand of tall pines. It looked to be one of those old ten by fifty trailers setting on a foundation with a porch built onto it. "Home sweet home," Farley said as he slid the door open for me. The decor was typical biker, clothes thrown over the furniture and on the floor, beer bottles all over the place, a sink full of dirty dishes and a Grateful Dead poster hanging on the wall over the couch. I was surprised at how clean the place was under the clutter. There was no build up of dust. Even his bathroom sparkled, no pube hairs or piss splatters on the toilet rim. "You'll have to pardon the mess," he said as I came out of the bathroom. "I'm not really much of a housekeeper."

"I've seen worse," I said. It was obvious to me that this guy was trying to play the role of the typical biker but just couldn't stand the grunge associated with it.

"Would you like a beer?"

"Actually, what I would like is best served without the hampering effects of alcohol," I said as I stepped up to him, put my arms around his neck and kissed him soundly. His arms went around my waist and stroked up my back as he returned my kiss. There was that sensation again like he was sucking the breath out of me and making my knees weak. My nipples stiffened against the thin fabric of my tank top and a steamy warmth began to form between my legs.

Somehow I knew that I was no longer in control of the situation and I actually kind of liked it. His lips went to the side of my neck, sending electric pulses straight to my lower abdomen and chill bumps down that side of my body as he worked the hem of my tank top out of my jeans. The predator had turned to prey and I gladly gave myself up to his seduction by helping him pull my top over my head, leaving me bare breasted. As he leaned down to kiss a protruding nipple, I worked with shaky hands to unfasten the front of his jeans. Once that was accomplished, I pushed his tee shirt up over his chest and pressed my naked flesh against his.

We kissed while probing each other's mouths with our tongues. Farley deftly unfastened the front of my jeans and rolled them down over my hips. Fire was raging through my body as his hand slid down my abdomen and his fingers stroked over my muff hair. It was frustrating having my jeans bunched around my thighs so that I couldn't open my legs and allow him full access to my throbbing sex. There was still enough room between my clenched thighs for his finger to find its way into my slippery crevice to stroke over my swollen pussy lips and start my journey into madness. I gasped and my body shuddered in orgasmic pleasure as his fingertip brushed over my burning clit, then circled it, spreading the slippery moisture from my gushing cunt.

He would bring me to the edge of orgasm then stop as I tried to press my pussy into his hand. I was gasping for breath and thrusting my hips, trying to get over the top. His finger slid back and dipped inside me while the heel of his hand kept pressure on my clit. When that finger rubbed over the magic spot up inside of me behind my pelvic bone, I went off like a cannon. Lights flashed inside my head and I couldn't help but vocalize my pleasure.

At that point all I wanted was his bare flesh pressing against mine and his cock where his finger had been. My mind was a blur, but I managed to get Farley's tee shirt the rest of the way over his head and his jeans pushed down over his butt. He didn't seem like the kind of guy who would wear underwear, but I vaguely remember trying to pull his jockey shorts down over his hardening cock while tormenting his little nipples with my teeth. When his cock was finally free of its confines, I closed my hand around its shaft. It felt heavy and warm as his hot blood rushed to fill it. My head was swimming with his musky aroma as I kissed my way down his rippled abdomen for a closer look and a taste of that marvelous member.

I held the weight of his cock in one hand as I stroked down its length with the other then caressed his balls. The dark purple knob of its head shined with turgid tightness and a clear drop of sticky fluid formed in its slit. I opened my mouth slightly and ran my lips over the helmet shaped tip as my tongue lapped up the glistening drop of fluid.

Farley moaned as he tenderly ran his hands into my hair. I encircled the bulbous knob with my lips and pulled it into my mouth just to the rim of the helmet shaped tip then ran my tongue out along its sensitive underside. Farley's hips began a slow thrusting motion as he unconsciously tried to get more of his cock into my mouth. I moved along with him so that only the head of his cock was in my mouth as I swathed it with my tongue.

I grasped the base of his cock with my hand while holding the weight of his balls in the other and pressed a finger into the perineal flesh just behind them. "Oh God, baby," Farley moaned as I slid my lips down the shaft, taking as much as I could into my mouth. I slowly pulled back, maintaining a good suction until only the head was between my lips. Farley let out a deep throaty growl along with a barely audible, "Oh, man!" I sucked his cock deep into my mouth a couple of more times then opened my throat and swallowed the head so that my face was pressing into the thatch of hair covering his pubis.

The heady aroma of his masculine musk sent a wave of excitement through me and made my pussy ache with desire. I drew back to lave the bulbous head once again then sucked the entire shaft back into my mouth and down my throat. When I sensed that Farley was about to come, I loosened my grip slightly and made him groan in frustration. I loved the feel of him in my mouth and knowing that I was in complete control made it even better. I knew that he wouldn't be able to hold out much longer under my exquisite torture so I sucked him down my throat a couple of times.

"Oh baby, I'm gonna come," he moaned.

My only reply was, "Mmph, mmph, mmph," as I continued stroking my lips and tongue the full length of his cock. As his cock head slipped past my palate and down my throat, I did a swallowing motion with the back of my tongue and was rewarded with a loud groan as he pumped his hot semen directly down my throat. I pulled my head back and caught his last couple of spurts on my tongue and swallowed as I continued to suck him dry.

When Farley could take no more, he pulled me to my feet and planted his lips on mine, his biker facade momentarily lost in a passionate kiss. Somehow he managed to kick free of his boots and jeans and carried me the short distance to his couch. I sat there passively, looking Farley over and thinking what a great body he had for a man pushing forty. He held my feet up, one at a time, by my heels and deftly loosened the laces of my sneakers and pulled them off along with my jeans. When I was stark naked, he looked down at me. "Gawd, you could be on a centerfold," he said.

"You're not too bad yourself," I said, "for an old fart." I patted the couch next to me, signaling for him to sit down. When he sat I turned around, facing him and straddled his legs. He stroked his hands up my back, pulling me to him and kissed me. The warmth of his bare flesh against mine sent tingles all through me. "Is it your work up on the steam rigs that keeps you in such good shape?"

"Naw, it's just hard living," he said as he leaned forward and took one of my pert little nipples into his mouth and nibbled on it and then the other.

"You keep that up and your life's going to get harder." I said as his oral caresses sent major jolts of electric pleasure straight to my pussy. He had me squirming and moaning in no time. He cupped my ass cheeks and pulled me forward slightly so that his semi flaccid cock shaft became wedged between the slippery lips of my pussy. Pressing the cylinder of hot flesh against his abdomen, I began moving my hips in a back and forth motion, sliding my dripping slit up and down it. With Farley biting and sucking my nipples and the sensation of his cock growing and getting hard as it pressed into my sensitive parts, was building orgasmic pressure in me.

I wanted that cock pounding into me! Feeling it grow and get harder every time I slid my pussy lips up and down its length made me ache for it. I raised up slightly so that its head was positioned at the entrance of my dripping sheath. I pressed down on it while wiggling my butt a little and engulfed a portion of it in my velvet glove. The unexpected girth of that marvelous instrument made me gasp in pleasure. I undulated my hips, taking more of him into me little at a time until I was filled with him completely and my pussy lips were stretched around its base. I came with gush of slippery fluids but it was only when my resilient tissues became accustomed to the girth of Farley's cock was I able to slide off of it and take it back into me completely in one ecstatic stroke. I had Farley pinned to the couch so that I was in control as I raised myself off of him and slid his marvelous tool back into my waiting aperture. He had me stretched so tight I could feel every vein along his shaft and the rim of his cockhead as it moved along the slick walls of my vaginal sheath, stimulating every sensory nerve along the way and driving me into ecstatic delirium.

If I slid forward while gripping Farley's cock deep inside of me the upward curvature of it would cause the bulbous head to slide over my G-spot each time it went by. I was doing my best to fuck Farley to death, bouncing wildly up and down on his cock, grinding my pussy into his pelvis while taking as much of him into me as I could and rotating my hips to stir that marvelous protrusion around inside of me. Orgasms began crashing over me like waves in a storm and I'm sure I wasn't quiet about it.

After a while, Farley rolled me off to the side and slid his cock out of me. The sudden absence left an aching empty feeling in my cunt. Before I had the chance to relish the sensation completely, Farley had me face down on the couch with my ass in the air and the knob of his dickhead sliding between my pussy lips on its way towards the opening of my dripping cunt. When the helmet shaped tip found its target, I pressed back on it and engulfed it in its entirety in one stroke, squealing in delight. He leisurely stroked his dick in and out of me its full length several times then started picking up his pace. I held myself at arm's length from the arm of the sofa so that I could push back into his every thrust, each one building the orgasmic pressure in me to new heights.

I was absolutely out of my mind with ecstasy as Farley held me by my hips and pulled me on to his rigid tool over and over again, his lower abdomen slapping my ass and his nut sack bouncing off of my pussy lips at each stroke. It seemed as if I was having one climax after another, each one more intense than the one before, until he reached around me, filled his hands with my tits and pinched my nipples. White-hot jolts of absolute passion shot straight from my tits to my pussy and I climaxed in a fury of blinding light.

The contractions of my vaginal musculature squeezed down on Farley's cock so that he could hardly move and with a loud groan and several grunts, he pumped his load deep inside of me. As his body convulsed in his final release, he held me tight and bit the sensitive spot at the back of my neck.

We laid together spoon fashion for some time, Farley's twitching cock still buried deep in my gripping pussy, until our spasms receded and our breathing returned to normal. Farley held me while caressing my tits and kissing the back of my neck. After a while he let out a sigh. "God, woman," he breathed into the crook of my neck, "you are something else. If you're going to fuck me to death, I hope you take a long time to do it."

"As long as it takes," I said, twisting around to kiss him. Both of us were dripping with sweat from our exertion and the chill night air was starting to have its effect on us. "Now would be a good time to jump in a hot tub."

"The best I have to offer is a hot shower," Farley said as he slipped his semi flaccid cock out of me. He stood and helped me to my feet. As he led me by the hand to his tiny bathroom, my knees felt weak. Soon the bathroom was filled with clouds of steam from the hot shower and somehow we both managed squeeze into the small enclosure under the spray of water.

When Farley had finished going over my entire body with a soapy wash cloth, leaving me tingling from head to foot, I took it from him and started scrubbing him down with it. I was getting a real charge from running the wash cloth over his well-defined musculature, our soapy bodies sliding together. I paid special attention to his tight ass and the stringy muscles along the backs of his legs. I pressed myself into his back, then reaching around him, started working over his chest, abdomen and then down the front of his legs. By the time I got around to washing his cock and balls his heavy cock was standing out from his body, about half hard. I loved the feel of it, from the veins along its shaft to the spongy helmet shaped glans. He let out a little moan of pleasure as I stroked my soapy hand along its length. "You sure have a beautiful cock," I said, feeling it grow and stiffen in my hand.

"If you keep that up, I'll have to pack it into that tight little pussy of yours again."

I answered by tightening my grip slightly and stroking it a little faster. He reached around behind him and ran his fingers through my wet muff and into my puffy crevice. He seemed to instinctively know exactly what to do to get me going. When his finger slipped effortlessly into my vaginal opening the delicious sensation caused me to involuntarily squeeze down on it. He wiggled it around, finding all the sensitive spots up inside of me and had me on the verge of coming again in no time.

Still stroking Farley's cock, I could feel it twitch each time my hand ran over the shiny knob. He turned under the spray of water, and kissing me soundly, lifted me up by my ass cheeks as if I were a rag doll and slid me on to his raging hard on. My arms went around his neck as I wrapped my legs around his waist to hold on tightly while I undulated my hips back and forth to stroke my pussy over that marvelous tool of pleasure. Even though Farley was holding me up by gripping my ass, a good deal of my weight was still riding on his stiff shaft and it seemed to press right against my clit. I couldn't wiggle my ass fast enough as I kept thrusting my pelvis, impaling myself over and over again on that fabulous rod. I clawed at his back and was biting his neck as the hot pressure built inside of me.

Farley leaned back against the shower wall and held me tight as another orgasm crashed over me. My grunts and moans turned into a long drawn out squeal as the climax completely took over my consciousness. I completely lost control of my body and was nothing more than a quivering mass of flesh as Farley continued thrusting into me, keeping me at pinnacle of orgasmic ecstasy until he let out a loud moan as his body spasmed, pumping another load deep in my gripping cunt.

I was almost totally limp as Farley lifted me off of his twitching hard on and sat me on my feet. My mind was an unfocused blur as Farley rinsed us and shut off the water. After we dried, he led me down the narrow hall to his bedroom. A standard size futon mattress piled with old comforters and a couple of sleeping bags took up most of the floor space, leaving just enough room to walk around it. After the hot steamy shower, the chill mountain air made the mess on the bed look inviting.
