 Once again, I must thank several people for their invaluable help in getting this submitted. To SE, SJ, SW, and especially sir P: Thank you for your insights and your friendship.

And to my real-life Mimi: I couldn't ask for a better friend.

*

I woke up in one of those moods. I had stripped and fallen into bed, exhausted, last night, without giving a thought to putting on a nightgown. My whole body felt exquisitely sensitive against the soft cotton of the bedclothes. I stretched luxuriously and smiled because I knew I had the day off, and I knew I had some fresh batteries and the time for a leisurely session with my little "playmates."

I let my mind wander, and was already deep into a favorite fantasy when the phone rang. Damn! I didn't even have to look at the Caller ID to know it was you. You always call at the same time. Good old Mr. Reliable. All I could think was it's a damn good thing you have a five-star ass. Otherwise, I would've let it go to voicemail.

"Hello?" I tried not to sound irritated, but I don't think I was too successful.

"Oops. Did we get up on the wrong side of the bed this morning?"

"Well, considering I'm still in the bed, it's not too late to get it right. How are you, Sam?" There. That sounded civilized, didn't it?

"I'm doin' alright, I expect. Whatcha doin' still in bed, Mimi darlin'?" You and your southern accent. It gets me every damn time. This was not helping matters any. Your voice has always been such a turn-on for me.

"Waiting for you, handsome. When can you get here?"

"Aww, sorry, babe. I can't be there until tonight. Will you wait for me?" 

Hmmm, probably not. Sometimes a girl just wakes up raring to go, and it's best not to fight it. You can understand that, right, honey? 

We spent a few minutes discussing this and that. I started stroking the skin on my thighs slowly as I listened to your voice. I hoped there wouldn't be a quiz, because I was only listening with one ear. I was much more interested in the sensations I was creating by scraping my nails gently around and over my nipples.

I looked longingly at the package of batteries sitting on the nightstand. A little devil sprang up on my shoulder, and began jumping up and down gleefully.

Do it, do it! Come on, do it! You know you want to. Aren't you curious to see if you can really do it? Come on, he'll never know!

"Mimi, are you there? Did you space out on me?"

"No, I'm here. Sorry, I was looking for something in the nightstand." Since I didn't want to out-and-out fib, I opened the bottom drawer. There it was: the pink satin drawstring bag filled with my little "playmates." I knew if I couldn't pull this off, you'd never let me live it down. That thought was almost enough to make me change my mind, but damn, I really had been looking forward to a little "me" time. What the hell. There were worse things than being teased mercilessly for the rest of my life, and right now the thought of those fresh batteries going to waste was one of them.

I selected my favorite vibe, the purple one with the little twirly thing right on the top. Oh. My. God. That little twirly thing... I took a deep breath and hurriedly slipped the batteries in, and snapped the compartment shut. I couldn't believe I was about to test the theory of the silent orgasm. I nearly giggled from the delicious naughtiness of it. 

I knew I'd have to be quick, but that was okay since I was already more than half way there. I turned the vibe on low and began to stroke it over my breasts and belly. Long, slow strokes up... and down... and always stopping just short of paradise. I was trying so hard to concentrate on the conversation. I was, I swear, but dear God. Memories of our last weekend-long marathon, and how you spent hours painstakingly licking and nibbling every inch of my pussy made it nearly impossible for me to offer a coherent opinion on what your mother should do about her ongoing feud with the neighbor from hell.

"... and mom is so damned upset. That psycho bitch of a neighbor threatened to call the cops!" 

"Oh, Sam, I think that's a really good idea! Your mom trusts your opinion." Dead silence. I was worrying more about controlling my breathing, and I had the sneaking suspicion I had just said something totally inappropriate. Shit. I nearly groaned out loud. That little devil was poking me in the shoulder again, a little more frantically this time.

Mimi! MIMI! Get off the phone! Come on, come on! The twirly thing, for the love of Pete! MimiMimiMimi!!

"What's a good idea? Mimi? Your voice sounds funny. Are you sure you're okay?"

"Ohh, yes, fine, sweetie. Just working a cramp out of my foot..." About ready to see stars was more like it. The sweet hum of my purple playmate as I trailed it down the crease where my thigh meets my mound nearly drowned out your voice. I was going to go off like a rocket, and soon. Whose idea was this silent orgasm thing anyway? Oh boy, this is harder than I thought. Just a little bit more... 

"Okay, Mimi, spill it, darlin'. You're breathin' like you do when---" All of a sudden I heard you chuckle. That deliciously evil chuckle I always hear right before you start to tease me until I'm begging you to let me come.

Don't you tell! Mimi, you know he'll never let you live it down! Be strong! You know you can do it! 

Oh shut up, you moronic little troublemaker! You're the one who got me into this! I mentally balled up my fist and clocked that imaginary horned bastard as hard as I could. Good riddance to bad rubbish. And don't come back!

"Mimi... You're a naughty girl. Tell Sam what you're doin'. Come on, no foolin' around now," 

"Uh, well... You know I have the day off, right? Well, I thought I'd spend a little time in bed this morning... A little "me" time, you know? And then you called, and I was really ready. I mean really ready, so I got this idea that I could, uh, you know, take care of things..." By now I was bright pink. All over. I was a little embarrassed, and a lot turned on.

I heard you groan, and start laughing again.

"Not that dopey shit about silent orgasms again!"

Dopey shit? Is that any way to talk about your one and only true love and hot fuck toy? We'll see who's dopey. 

Okay, enough of this preliminary stuff. Fast and dirty, Mimi girl. Keep your eyes on the prize. 

I felt icy hot tendrils of sensation begin racing down to my toes. The vibe kept up its steady hum as I centered it right on my clit. I clenched my jaw and struggled to keep my breathing steady. 

 Oh God. It was happening! Every muscle tensed as my climax slammed into me. 

Ohhh. Yesss... God bless that twirly thing... Okay now, concentrate. Breathe. That's it, slow and even.

Well, what do you know? It worked! I think it may have actually worked! I wanted to laugh out loud! 

"Miranda Rose! I mean it, now. What are you doing?"

Yikes! No time for celebration. 

"Sam, honey, I'm fine. Honest. That foot cramp really hurt. That's why I was out of breath." I sure hope that didn't sound as lame to you as it did to me.

"You're sure? Something's goin' on in that sexy little brain of yours. I can tell—Wait a doggone minute! You are, aren't you? You're playin' with your toys!"

"Sam! I was not! I wouldn't lie to you." Well, maybe I would... just a little tiny bit... "But I still think it would work."

"For cryin' out loud, why would you even want it to? I love to hear you let go, Mimi. It's one of the best things about bein' in bed with you!"

"Yes, but—Really?" What a nice thing to say! Your sweet words flustered me, and made me think an encore was in order. If one O is good, two is better, right?

Yes! What a brilliant idea! 

The way I was feeling, I thought a little phone fun would do quite nicely. And it would be a damn short conversation. Perfect! "Sam... How much do you love me?" What a shame you couldn't see me batting my eyelashes prettily.

"Now sugar, you know I love you about more than NASCAR. But I ought to turn you over my knee 'cause I got the feelin' you're bein' a little sneak. In fact, I think I will tonight. I'm gonna spank that sweet little ass of yours and then I'm gonna fuck you silly. I'm afraid y'all have a lotta mischief that needs to be worked outta you." Oh God, your voice. It was pitched low and sexy. Your bedroom voice talking about spanking nearly sent me over the edge. Note to self: New theory—the touchless orgasm.

"I know," I answered gravely. "I'm a bad girl. Really bad." Really bad and really wet. Damn you! You know precisely how to rev my engine like one of those "I-have-a-big-dick" race cars you drool over. The difference is, I know for a fact that you have a big—never mind. I was starting to drive myself crazy all over again.

"Are you wet, sweet Mimi? Dip your fingers in that beautiful little pussy. Get 'em real wet now."

Oh boy, with pleasure! I closed my eyes at the exquisite sensations I was creating. I could feel my moisture coat my fingers. I could smell the scent of my arousal.

"Did you do it?" I swallowed hard, and barely whispered, "Uh-huh."

"Mmmm. I can just imagine how warm and wet you are. I love the smell of you. Rub your fingers under your nose for me. Can you smell how sexy you are? If I was there I'd lick your fingers clean, and then kiss my way down your belly until I got to that tasty little nubbin that makes you scream. Would you like that, sweet Mimi?" 

I love it when you call me that. You only do it when you're talking dirty to me. It makes me feel like you could slurp me up like an ice cream cone. I sighed and slipped deeper into the moment.

"Ohhh, Sam... Please... Can I? Let me touch myself some more. Please?" By now I couldn't keep still. My hips were rotating back and forth, unconsciously mimicking the sexual dance we'd share later tonight. 

"Now Mimi darlin', you were a naughty girl, for even thinkin' about tryin' to hide your pleasure from me. You shouldn't do that, not when you know how much I love to watch you have fun with your little playmates," you chided me gently. 

I had the sneaking suspicion that I wasn't going to like what you said next.

"Do you really think a naughty girl should be allowed to come? What kind of lover would I be if I rewarded you for trying to fool me, hmmm?"

Oh, no. Oh, Sam, that's mean! I suddenly knew where you were going with this. 

"Sam... I'm really sorry. I won't do it again, I promise." Liar, liar, pants on fire...

"Well, I'm mighty glad to hear that, I surely am. But naughty girls have to wait. They have to think about their mischief, so they learn their lesson."

"Sa-am!" 

"Don't you dare, little Miss Mimi. Take a cold shower, go work out at the gym, I don't care. But don't you come! I love you, darlin'. This is for your own good."

I made a face at the phone. I heard you laugh, as if you'd seen what I did.

"And don't you be stickin' that sassy tongue out at me, young lady! Now, tell me you love me best of all, and put that little purple thing away."

"But Sam..."

"Tonight, baby. I promise."

*************************************************

I have to admit, I was pretty smug. My inner bad girl reveled in her ability to be naughty and not get caught. However, the outer Mimi was still in a terminal state of lust. Oh baby. You better be ready.

My mind wandered all afternoon, and let me just say, it wandered down some pretty steamy paths. After I showered and dressed, I made a trip to Kroger's so we could cook dinner, if you want to call what we do cooking. The produce department taunted me. Zucchini. Cucumbers. Even a particularly sturdy-looking carrot. I fondled them all lovingly. They smirked at me as I selected tomatoes and lettuce.

Would you really spank me? I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. It's never been a fantasy for me before, but dear Lord! You spanking and caressing my bare bottom was an image I couldn't get out of my head. It was exciting, and a little frightening. All that controlled force, being held down... Mmmm. Anticipation is a wonderful thing, but I really needed you to hurry up and get here.

The Rolling Stones were loudly complaining about getting no satisfaction and I was indulging in some hip-wiggling as I rubbed furniture polish into the antique oak dining room table. No satisfaction, indeed. I attacked the wood surface with renewed energy. Gotta work that mischief out of me, as I was so sweetly reminded this morning. 

I was singing in my best rock star voice when I felt your arms slide around me from behind and pull me back against you.

"Oh! Sam, you scared me!" I felt you begin nuzzling my neck, in precisely the right spot. 

Ooh, yes, baby! I love it when you growl softly and nip my earlobe.

"So sure it was me, huh? "

"Well, of course I knew it was you," I cooed sweetly. "My other lover is out of town on business."

I had no idea you could move that fast. I suddenly found myself spun around, and clasped against you with a strong forearm. Simultaneously I heard, and felt, a hard smack on my ass. Uh-oh.

"Now, Mimi darlin', I warned you about that sassy mouth of yours. I can see it's time you and I had a little talk about what happens to naughty girls who can't behave." You kissed me hard, no preliminaries. I gave a breathless "oh" of surprise, as your mouth worked roughly over mine, your tongue thrusting into my mouth over and over. My eyes almost rolled back in my head. I was very glad you were hanging on to me. Otherwise I simply would have slid to the floor in a boneless heap. I'm not asking who taught you, but you are a world class kisser. 

"Damn, girl, you sure know how to light my fire. Tell me quick, have you been a good girl this afternoon? And remember, you know you can't fib worth a damn."

"Yes, Sam, I was a good girl," I purred softly against your ear. "Want me to show you?" I slid my arms around your neck and let my fingers play with the short hairs at the back of your neck. I knew it would make you shiver, and it did.

You leaned back from our embrace, and looked directly into my eyes. 

"Mimi, Mimi, Mimi. What am I gonna do with you?" You let out a longsuffering sigh and did that eyebrow thing that you do. The one that says, Sugar, you'd try the patience of Mother Teresa, you know that?

"Okay, let's go."

I was abruptly looking at my dining room carpet, upside down, from my perch over your shoulder. 

"Sam, this isn't very romantic, you know." My last lame attempt at halting the inevitable.

"Hush!" 

You made your way through the living room, down the short hallway, and into my bedroom. From my vantage point, bouncing against your back, so close to the floor, I could see that I probably should have vacuumed in here too. I was pretty sure you wouldn't notice though.

"Sweetheart, this is for your own good." Yeah, right. How many times have I heard that one?

You unceremoniously dumped me on the end of bed, sat down, and dragged me, face down, across your lap. Until right at that moment, I thought you had been teasing me about giving me a spanking. It dawned on me that I might be busted. It also dawned on me that maybe this wasn't going to be as fun as I thought. "Sam, honey, can't we talk about this?" I asked hopefully.

"Sorry, darlin'. Too late. I always thought I was an easy-goin' guy, but I swear you do try my patience sometimes. Now didn't I ask you if you were playin' with your toys?"

"Yep, you sure did."

"And you said...?" 

"Um, well... I said I wasn't."

"And didn't I tell you to put your little toys away?"

"Yes, I remember. And I did." I felt the noose tightening.

"Well, darlin', I gotta ask myself why you'd even have 'em out if you weren't usin' 'em. Mimi. I know you were. Don't try to wiggle outta this one. Sweetheart, you are so busted." You spoke very matter-of-factly as if you were talking about the weather, and not about to pronounce sentence.

Well, crap! Maybe you'd listen to reason.

"Sam, I can explain," I began. Maybe I should have just given up and thrown myself on the mercy of the court.

"And I'd love to hear it, but it's not gonna save your cute little ass this time. I swear, I don't know how your mama put up with all your mischief. She probably wore out her wooden spoon on your butt when you were just a little thing." As you spoke, I felt the elastic waistband of my shorts being tugged downward, and the telltale rush of cool air on my bare bottom. I started to squirm, but you held me fast.

I felt compelled to defend my mother's honor. "I beg your pardon. My mother did not use a wooden spoon on me!" I retorted over my shoulder.

"Well, that sure explains one hell of lot! Now be still!" Your last three words were punctuated by three sharp slaps to my ass.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Three more. My poor bottom was stinging like crazy, but along with the sting, I was aware of the beginnings of arousal. Pain and pleasure. Two sides of the same coin. I had never given it a lot of thought, but you had certainly gotten my attention. What began as a silly punishment was becoming a very compelling sensual experience. I shuddered as I waited for another swat.

A swat that never materialized. You began stroking my reddened ass slowly, caressing and soothing it.

"I believe this shade of pink is very becoming on your sweet little ass, Miss Mimi. I'm kinda sorry I waited till now to do this." Your voice had taken on that soft intimate tone that always lets me know that you want me. I also felt the rigid length of your cock behind the fly of your jeans.

A single finger traced down the center of my ass, from the small of my back, all the way to my pussy. I knew what you'd find if you dipped your finger inside my soft folds. I was melting from the inside out. Oh, yes, please. Please touch me. Your finger hovered teasingly for a moment, tickling the bare skin of my labia. Surprise! I had gotten brave, and had had a Brazilian wax that afternoon.

"Why, darlin'! Did you do that just for me?" You sounded so pleased, I had to smile. Your finger retraced its path, and with a last fond stroke of my ass, you nudged me up.

I blushed, feeling a bit exposed standing there half-undressed, and you fully clothed. 

The knuckle of your index finger tilted my chin up gently until I met your gaze. You kissed me gently, all remnants of teasing gone. I blushed again because I could read the emotion in your eyes. Stormy and passionate, with an undercurrent of tenderness.

"Finish undressing, sweet pea, and get comfortable on the bed. I missed out on all the fun this mornin'. Let's try that little experiment again, okay?" 

We both tore off our clothes, letting them drop carelessly to the floor. As I lay back against the pillows, you busied yourself rooting around in the nightstand.

"Sam, I..." I really wasn't sure what I wanted to say. That's a rarity for me. 

"Now, honey, I want you just lie back and enjoy this. But I'm gonna ask one thing of you, and it might be kinda hard for you, seein' as how you got a lotta sassiness stored up. I know you're still enjoyin' your success from this morning, but let's give it a try with me controllin' the vibe. So, not a sound, Mimi my love. Understand?" You looked right into my eyes, and waited for a response.

Eyes wide with anticipation, I mutely nodded my head. I raised my arms over my head and grasped the wrought iron spindles of the headboard. I heard a soft click, and then the steady hum of the vibe.

"Good idea, honey. You're gonna want to anchor yourself. This is bound to be a wild ride.

"I want you to open those pretty legs and slide your knees up. Nice and high, that's it. You're bein' very agreeable, darlin', and I appreciate that. I'm gonna take my time with this. Looking at this pretty little pussy, all soft and pink just for me, is bound to distract me. I can't wait to have a taste of it, sweet Mimi." You continued your naughty running commentary in that sexy Georgia drawl. It gets even deeper and lazier when we're in bed. You do that on purpose, I'm convinced. 
