 Disclaimer: This story is a total work of fiction. All characters and situations are not real and have no basis in reality. I do not endorse any sort of drug use in real life. With that being said, enjoy yourself and I hope that this gets you off.

Also to the reader: I have decided to go head and use the cliché big breasted and super slutty female character that is on the thick side so if you aren't interested in that kind of female character, this story is probably not for you. 

-NL

*****

It was a hot summer's day in 2007 when this took place. I had just recently graduated from high school and had decided to take the summer off so I could hang out with friends and party. 

On this particular day, I was riding up and down the winding back roads of the small county that I lived in at the time. I was bored and looking for something to do. My "something to do" came in the form of a text message at around one in the afternoon from a friend named Sara-well friend really wasn't the right word. She was more of an acquaintance really. All I really knew about her was that she was friends with a girl that I had been banging for most of the summer. She was also smoking hat and had really big tits too. Evidently they lived in the same trailer park and they were really good friends. Sara was also recently divorced.

The text message that she sent me asked what I was doing. I told her that I wasn't really doing anything and she replied by saying that I should come over and hang out with her. I had to read the text twice because I wasn't sure if I had read it correctly. 

At the time I had no idea why she had texted me because we barely knew each other. However, I wasn't about to turn down an opportunity to assuage my boredom so I told her that I would be at her house (trailer) in about five minutes. 

The five minutes went by quickly and I was soon in the small drive that led to her home. Hers was in a more secluded are of the trailer park so there was less of a chance for nosy neighbors to see a man pull up to Sara's home. I didn't care either way though because her divorce was none of my business and I was just there to hang out. 

Before I got out of my truck, I went into my glove box and grabbed some cologne. I dabbed it on my face and neck and put it back in my glove box. I hopped out of my truck and walked to her door and knocked. After about a minute of waiting I knocked again. It took a third knock for Sara to finally answer the door.

Sara looked to be in her late 20s. Her soaking wet hair was brown. She wore it down to her shoulders so her hair framed her soft face, brown eyes and thin lips. Her nose was slightly upturned and her ears stuck out slightly but both looked cute on her. Her skin looked smooth and had very few blemishes. 

My gaze fell a bit lower and it was then that I realized that she was only wearing a towel. She must've just gotten out of the shower, I thought to myself. My thoughts were very quickly interrupted though by what the towel was barely concealing.

Sara was what you would call "thick," and the towel made it quite clear that she was very well built in all of the right places. Judging from the way the towel stretched, I would've guessed that Sara was easily a DD, maybe even a DDD. I couldn't tell much else about the front of her figure because of the way her tits pushed the towel outward.

"Sorry it took me so long to get to the door," she said. "I was in the shower."

"That's ok," I said back while desperately trying to keep eye contact.

"Come on in and have a seat and I will go and put some clothes on."

"Ok," I replied but secretly wished that she would stay dressed the way she was. 

Sara's home wasn't the nicest in the world but it looked like she did her best to keep it as presentable as possible. She led me to the small living room that sported a gigantic TV as its center piece. She told me to have a seat on the couch and I did. It was a big plushy couch so I just plopped down on it and did my best to make myself at home. 

"Ok, here is the remote. Feel free to watch whatever you want. I am going run into the bedroom and get dressed really quick."

"Ok."

I watched in admiration as she walked to her room. Her plump ass cheeks peeking out from under the towel with each step she made was slowly but surely making my dick rise. She closed the door and I shifted my focus to something less arousing. I looked around the house, appraising all of the little nick knacks and pictures of family and friends. On one of the side tables was a picture of Sara and her friend Tiffany. Tiffany was the girl I was banging. I started to imagine the two of them together in a raunchy threesome but I was quickly interrupted by Sara's bedroom door opening.

She stepped out of the bedroom wearing a white spaghetti strap top that made it very clear that she was not wearing a bra. The shirt seemed to even make her tits look bigger. They sagged a little, but they still looked very appealing. The top must've had some type of support built into it because the one thing that I could not clearly make out was her nipples. The top also did little to hide a slight stomach that accompanied most women of her build. 

I looked further down and saw that the bottom half of her body wasn't covered in much either. She was wearing a black pair of booty shorts that accentuated every very generous curve that this woman had to show and if she was wearing panties at all, they would have had to have been a thong or a g-string. 

She sat down next to me and it was at this point that I realized that she had a brown box in her hands.

"Do you smoke weed," she asked, opening the box that was full of rolled joints and a decent sized bag of pot. 

"When I get the opportunity to I do, but that isn't very often." 

"Do you want to get high with me?"

"Sure," I replied hoping that the pot would distract me from the insanely sexy and scantily clad woman before me. 

She pulled a joint out of the box and stuck it to her lips and lit it. She inhaled the smoke deeply, coughing only just a little and then she passed it to me. I was nervous about getting high because I had only done once or twice. I didn't want her to know that though so I followed her lead and took a deep, lung-filling drag off of the joint. 

I thought that I was going to die. The minute the smoke entered my lungs it felt like it was stripping the cells from my organs. I coughed violently and I could hear her laughing. A twinge of anger came over me but it was quickly replaced by the euphoric effects from the marijuana. 

"Do you need some water," she asked with mercy in her voice and all I could do was nod up and down. 

"You don't smoke that often do you," she asked sympathetically.

"Not really," I rasped.

"Yeah, I probably should have warned you that this is some really strong stuff."

"It's ok, I'm getting better now."

Sara took another hit and offered me the joint. I told her no because I was already buzzing really good. 

We spent the next ten or so minutes just talking and giggling about stupid shit. She asked me if I was interested in dating Tiffany exclusively and I told her no and that we are just sort of fuck buddies. She said that Tiffany felt the same way. I asked her how long she had known Tiffany and Sara said that they'd met when she moved into the trailer park and they just sort of hit it off. 

Our conversation was interrupted by my cell phone going off. I looked at it and saw that Tiffany had texted me. She wanted to know what I was up to. I told her that I was at Sara's and that we were just chilling. Tiffany replied back saying that she was jealous because she was stuck at work. She said for me to have fun and that she would text me again when she got off. The text ended with a little "wink" emoticon.

Shortly after my text conversation ended with Tiffany, Sara's phone went off. She looked at the screen, smiled, texted something back and then closed her phone. I wonder what that was about, I thought to myself. Was that Tiffany that just texted her? 

"Do you think I could have another hit of that joint now," I asked.

"Of course," she said happily. "Have all you want! It's not often that I get to get high with a hot, younger guy." 

I looked at her when she said this and she winked at me. She had a seductive look in her eyes, at least I think she did. 

The next two hits I took were a lot smoother and I didn't cough nearly as much. I still needed a lot of water because the cotton mouth I was getting was a bitch. Other than that though, I was feeling amazing; and it looked like Sara was feeling pretty good too! I looked over at her again. She was doing something on her phone. I wasn't sure what though; texting maybe. I was too high to really care. Plus I was too busy ogling her tits and her legs and all of the other exposed or nearly exposed parts of her body. 

"Do you see anything that you like?"

Oh shit, I thought to myself. I'm busted!

"It's ok if you look at me. I don't care and if I did, I definitely wouldn't have put on something as slutty as this," she commented, and then gave me a wink.

"Well, you are really hot Sara, and you have a really nice body! It's kinda hard for me not to look at you."

She smiled at that and relit the joint so she could take another hit, and I, being completely stoned at this point, kept staring at her and hoping that maybe, just maybe, I would get to see more of her. 

"So," Sara said breaking the silence. "Do you like fucking Tiffany?"

"Yeah," I said, taken back by her question, but not offended.

"What do you like about her? What do you like about the way she fucks?"

Trying to stall so I could think of something to say other than what I was thinking, I picked up the joint and took another hit. And then I just decided to say what was on my mind. 

"Well, I really like the way she sucks my cock," I said. "And I think that it's really hot that she swallows."

"She swallows," Sara interrupted. "That little slut! It is kinda hot though. Tell me more!"

"Ok, um-she's really hot, kinda like you," I muttered sheepishly. "She got a really tight little body and she definitely knows how to use it! I love it when she rides my dick but my favorite is probably when she lets me fuck her from behind! Oh, and I love that she dresses up for me!" I was starting to get really excited and my mind was drifting from thinking about Sara's naked body, to fucking Tiffany.

"She dresses up for you?" Sara asked, sounding a little confused, or high. I couldn't really tell.

"Yeah... She wears stockings and heels and she puts on slutty outfits for me!"

"Do you have a thing for that kind of stuff?" Sara asked.

"Fuck yes," I declared emphatically. "Nothing turns me on more than to see a woman in a sexy pair of stockings and really tall heels!"

"That's really hot," Sara said. She was starting to squirm a little in her seat and I was starting to get the feeling that she was just as turned on as I was.

"So has Tiffany ever told you about us?" Sara asked, confidently knowing that she knew something that I did not.

"About y'all? No. She hasn't... But please do tell." Curiosity, my erection, plus the weed had created a monster that I was not sure I was going to keep caged for much longer. I may have to excuse myself to her bathroom so I can relieve some of my "tension."

"We've fooled around a couple of times, and I gotta say that you are right as fuck about her being a good lay! Holy shit can she eat a pussy! Fuck, it's making me wet just thinking about it!" She squirmed in her seat again. 

I was floored by what she had just said. I couldn't believe that Sara and Tiffany were fucking, and I couldn't believe that Tiffany never told me about it! I looked over to Sara who was looking at me with hunger and lust in her eyes. It's gotta be the weed playing tricks on me, I told myself. There's no way that she could want me.

"You know," Sara paused, "Tiffany told me something about you!"

"Oh yeah," I said taking another hit from the joint, "what did she say about me?"

"It's kinda naughty and I'm not sure if I want to say it because it could cause things to happen."

"Just say it," I said as my hope that this may escalate began to increase. 

"Ok," she sighed. "Here goes..." She paused again. "Tiffany told me that you had a very nice, big cock and that you were really good at using it." She paused a third time. "Among other things..." 

She looked at me with that same sultry, seductive look that she had given me earlier. I knew that she was waiting to see what I was going to do/say next. 

"She did," I asked in a surprised tone. 

"Yeah..."

"Well then-umm—wow-I can't believe she told you all that," I stammered. The weed was giving me courage though so I quickly recover and said "I'm not exactly huge but I like to think that I'm a pretty healthy guy in that department."

We both smiled at each other and then she looked down at my groin area. I knew that she could see that I was rock hard through my thin cargo shorts. Plus it was a day that I had decided to free-ball. I kept looking at her to see how or even if she would react. She took the last hit of the joint and then licked her lips. 

"Do you think that I could see it?"

"I'll show it to you but you're going to have to show me something in return." I couldn't believe that I had just said that the second after it came out of my mouth! 

"Ok, that's fair. If you show me your dick, I will let you see my tits."

"Deal, but who's gonna go first?"

She smiled at me and said, "Well I think you should go first since you've already been staring at most of my tits all day long."

I couldn't argue with that logic, and she definitely wasn't lying so I said in fake disappointment, "Ok," and then I smiled back at her. 

I took my time undoing my shorts but since I wasn't wearing any underwear, my attempt at stalling didn't last very long. I unzipped them and then I lifted my ass up off of the couch and pulled my shorts down to my ankles. My cock was exposed for Sara to see and from the look on her face, she was not disappointed. 

"Holy fuck, it's beautiful! How big is it?"

"It's about 7 1/2 inches long. I'm not sure how thick it is though. But some girls I've been with have had trouble getting their hands around it." I stroked it lightly while Sara stared at it. She licked her lips and cleared her throat. 

"It's really hot that you shave it too. I bet Tiffany cums every single time you put that big thing in her!"

"I haven't heard any complaints from her," I said confidently. 

"Can I touch it," she asked, almost sounding sheepish. 

"Yes, but first you've got to hold up your end of the bargain."

"Oh yeah," she said, and she hurriedly pulled her top over her head. 

It was my turn to be shocked. Sara's tits were huge and they were capped with large nipples and areolas about the size of silver dollars. Her nipples looked so suckable and they were already starting to harden. 

"How big are they," I asked. 

"36DDD," she said with confidence in her voice."

"I have a new deal for you," I said. "I'll let you touch my cock if you let me touch your tits."

There was no response from her verbally. Instead, she wrapped her hand around my shaft and started to gently stroke it. My hands instantly went to both of her breasts. They were very soft to the touch, but they were firm at the same time. I lightly pinched her nipples and she let out a low moan. 

"That feels really good," we both said in unison. We laughed and then we looked into each other's eyes. I leaned forward and I put my lips on her. They were soft and I soon started to slip my tongue into her wet mouth. She joined hers with mine and we started to make out passionately. 

Her kisses were soft but hurried, and it was clear that this was not just going to stop at third base. She began to stroke my cock at a faster pace and using my precum as lube. My hands remained glued to her magnificent tits but I wanted to take it further. 

"Will you take your shorts off please," I asked and she pulled away from me. 

"Yes, but let's go to the bedroom first."

"Ok," I said and we both hopped up off of the couch. I took off my shorts off all the way, she grabbed the little brown box, and we both headed to the bedroom.

When we got in there, she told me to get on the bed and light another joint. I obliged both requests and I passed the joint to her after taking a hit. She told me to relax and I said "Too late." She laughed and passed the joint back to me.

"So you want to see me naked big boy," she asked. She started to move her hips as if she were dancing to a song that I could not hear. Her perfect tits swayed with the gentle movements of her body. I was hypnotized. 

"Oh fuck yes," I said emphatically. "I want to see all of you!"

"Take your shirt off first," she said and I did so quickly.

She continued to sway her hips slowly and I continued to watch and stroke my rigid member. Her movement began to slow and she turned away from me. She brought her hands up to her hips and she hooked her fingers into her skin tight shorts. 

"You want me to take these off baby?"

"Please," I begged. 

"Are you sure?" 

"Yes!!"

Sara slowly began to peel the super tight shorts from her bubbly ass, but I felt a combination of excitement and disappointment shortly after she started. In between her ass was a tiny little black string that did nothing to cover her thick, juicy ass but was very effective in covering up and equally thick and juicy pair of pussy lips. 

I continued to stroke my thick cock as she pulled the shorts down her shapely legs and finally, completely off. She kicked them away and turned back around and looked at me. Lust was still in her eyes and she was cupping her breasts and gently pinching her nipples.

"What do you think so far baby? Do you think I should keep going?"

"Hell yes," I exclaimed.

"Why don't you give me another hit first and maybe I'll let you take this g-string off for me? Does that sound good?"

I didn't even answer. I picked up the joint from the ashtray and handed it to her along with a lighter. She lit it and took a big hit. She sat on the bed and handed it back to me and I too took another long hit. 

Sara and I were both extremely high at this point, and it was obvious to both of us that we had reached the point of no return. We looked into each other's eyes and I told her to lay on her back. She did and I quickly got on top of her. My erect cock grazed against her soaking wet g-string clad pussy and I heard her moan. I leaned down and kissed her again and she vigorously reciprocated but quickly pulled away and said with desperation in her voice, "Please hurry up and take them off!" 

I gladly obliged.

I took my time though, and I stopped and sucked on each of her rigid nipples which drove her wild. I sucked on each nipple for about 30 seconds and then I pulled back and looked down at her covered sex. I put my hands on her waist, grabbed the tiny little strings and pulled the g-string from her hips. 

It came off easy and I nearly drooled on Sara when I got my first look at her sweet pussy. The lips were very plump and they were glistening with her juices. They had no hair on them and with the exception of a small patch of hair about a half an inch above the hood of her clit, there was no hair to be found on her pubic region. Even between her ass cheeks was void of any hair. I wanted to lick her pussy so bad but I knew that that was not what she wanted. I knew that she wanted my cock inside of her, and that she wanted it right now! 

"Please fuck me," she pleaded. "Please!"

I readily obeyed her demand and I placed my tumescent cock at the entrance of her sopping wet cunt. I rubbed the bulbous head that was already covered in precum up and down the length of her lips; occasionally grazing against her engorged clitoris. She moaned loudly and continued to beg me to penetrate her. 
