 I work at an accounting firm; most people have an instant image of an accountant, the typical geek with thick glasses, bad hair, and no fashion sense. That is about as far from the truth as you can get. I'll admit that I'm not a total hunk, but I'm a good-looking guy, I'm 6'2", short brown hair, I'm well built (four trips to the gym a week), dark green eyes (which women love), and my best feature, a 10" cock (which women love even more).

The best thing about working in the firm are the women. The women that go for a professional designation are gorgeous (or at least the ones that get the jobs are). I have the pleasure of assisting these young beauties in their studies. There is one student in particular that gets me hard almost every day. Her name is Kathy. She's 23 but looks like she's 17. The innocent look of her face makes the rest of her look even better. She has long chestnut hair, gorgeous legs, an ass that any man would beg to fuck, but her best feature are her breasts. She must be at least a 36D, but they are so firm. I saw her in a bikini at a pool party, man, what a sight. I think every guy there had a hard-on.

The other thing about my office is that it's pretty open. I've slept with most of the students and staff accountants (and one partner). But I never got a shot at Kathy. None of the guys in the office have gotten into her pants yet, not through lack of trying. All that changed last summer. Kathy was studying for her final exam and was having trouble with her technique. I helped her out; I was more than willing to spend the time with her. Unfortunately, despite having some fun all I got for my trouble was a stiff cock. There were several days where I had to take a break to relieve the pressure. Kathy wrote her exam and a month later got the results. She passed.

When she found out, she came into my office and closed the door. At first I thought it was bad news with her exam but then she started to jump up and down, saying she had passed. I was thrilled, as much with the show as her results. I stood up to congratulate her and she threw her arms around me. I could feel her hard nipples press against my chest. The feel of her nipples, combined with the earlier bouncing, made my cock strain against the thin fabric of my slacks. I could feel my cock press against her leg. She lean her head back and raised an eyebrow.

"Why Michael, I had no idea you thought of me like that," she smiled wickedly at me, "you know, I haven't had a good fuck since I entered the firm. I didn't want to get distracted from my studies, but that's over now." She leaned in and gave me a passionate kiss.

"There isn't a guy in this firm that doesn't feel that way about you." I said as I returned her kiss, pushing my tongue between her lips. She sucked my tongue into her mouth and reached a hard down to my cock. "Oh Michael, you feel so hard, and so big. I want to thank you for your help with studying, and for being the only guy that hasn't keep after me." She pulled out of our embrace, still caressing my cock. "but not yet." I could hide the grimace that came across my face. "I suggest that we both work late tonight, there's something I've wanted to do for a while. I'll come get you when it's time." Kathy gave my cock one last squeeze and left.

I sat back down and groaned. It was only 2 pm, I didn't know if I could wait very long. Thoughts of what Kathy wanted to do ran through my head, keeping my dick hard as a rock. I closed my office door and pulled out a porn magazine from my desk drawer (I keep it there for just such emergencies). I eased my cock from my pants and began to rub as I flipped through the pages. My computer chimed, singling a new email, I opened it up while still stroking my cock. It was from Kathy.

"I know what you're up to, so put it back in your pants. You'll get relief soon enough. I expect to see your door open very soon, or else you get nothing." I sighed and put the magazine away, along with my cock, and opened the door. Kathy looked at me from her desk and smiled, pointing at my bulge. I blushed and returned to my desk. My cock remained solid until close to 7. I barely got any work done, my mind was only focus on Kathy and those beautiful breasts. I was just glad I didn't have any meetings that afternoon.

At 7 Kathy called me, "Michael, everyone's gone, even the cleaners, and I'm feeling lonely. Would you care to come over to my cubicle and keep me company?" I leapt from my chair and raced out of my office. I was at Kathy's desk before she had hung up the phone. "Hello there beautiful, feel like some company?" I said in my most seductive voice. Kathy was facing away from me, leaning back against her chair. "Spin me around and I'll see if I can't do something to ease your pain." I spun Kathy around and was treated to the sight of her bare breasts. See had opened the top of her blouse and folded her bra beneath her succulent tits. My cock strained even harder against my pants, I grimaced from the pain.

"My poor Michael, I think I can help you with that." She leaned forward, grabbing my pants and pulling me towards her. She deftly undid my pants and pulled them down, underwear and all, freeing my cock from its prison. It popped straight up and slapped against my stomach, it was so hard it stayed there. Kathy licked her lips, and smiled a wicked grin. "My, what a delicious sight! I've never seen a cock that big, I can hardly wait to feel it in me. But that will happen soon enough, let me ease the pressure a bit, I have no doubt I'll be able to get you up again." She leaned forward and licked the head of my throbbing meat, a pool of pre-cum was sitting in my foreskin. She pushed her tongue under the skin and licked around the head, the sensation was incredible.

"Oh my God, that's incredible, keep that up and I'll blow my load already." Kathy smiled and slid my foreskin back, then dropped her mouth over my cock, taking in eight inches. My balls started to contract, I was ready to shoot my wad down her sweet throat. Suddenly she came off me, I groaned, and she shifted forward on her chair. "I want you to fuck my tits." She lifted her breasts and leaned back on her chair, I lowered the chair and straddled her chest. She guided my large cock between her firm tits and I began to fuck.

Kathy lowered her head and opened her mouth; with each push forward she sucked me into her mouth. The pressure on my cock was incredible and I couldn't hold back any longer. With one last thrust I pushed into her mouth, she sucked hard and I exploded. It was a huge load, Kathy did her best to swallow all my cum but I continued to spurt and my cock popped from her mouth and shot another load on her tits. I leaned back against her desk, enjoying the feeling of bliss. Kathy lifted a breast and licked my cum from it, all the while staring into my eyes. My cock started to rise at the sight of this innocent faced girl licking my cum from her breast. I kicked my pants off and leaned over Kathy.

"Let me help you with that." I kissed her deeply, tasting my spunk on her lips. I reached down and flicked one nipple then the other. I slowly licked down, cleaning my cum from her other breast, then sucking her nipple into my mouth. "My God, that is so hot. Keep sucking, for fuck sake, suck harder." Kathy yelled, I sucked each nipple in turn while I played with the other one. Kathy was breathing deeper and moans escaped her lips. I reached down and grabbed her pussy through her pants. I rubbed her hard, I could feel the wetness of her pussy through her pants and she was soaked. I kept up my rubbing and sucking until Kathy screamed in orgasm.

"I've never had an orgasm like that before, you never even touched my pussy, not directly anyhow. It was fucking amazing. I almost came when you licked your cum of my tit, I've never seen a guy do that before, it was so fucking hot. I see it had a positive effect on you," Kathy smiled and grabbed my hard cock, "I've got plans for this big boy." Kathy kept a hold of my dick and lead me through the office to the senior partner's corner office. She pulled me inside and threw me on the leather couch. "I've dreamed about getting fucked on this couch, I've thought about since I first saw it. There's just something so erotic about it."

"I've dreamed about fucking you since the first day I saw you, now both our dreams get to come through." Kathy grinned and knelt before me, she slowly sucked my cock into her mouth, her hand jerking me in unison with her sucking. The feeling was fantastic but I wanted to taste her pussy more than I wanted her to give me head. I pulled her off my cock and tossed her on the couch. "I think its time I looked after you." I tore her shirt off her and removed bra. I slowly sucked each breast into my mouth, circling her nipples with my tongue; she sucked air in through her parted lips. I released her tits and she groaned her disapproval. I undid her pants and she lifted her ass off the couch. I pulled her pants off in one swift motion, she wasn't wearing any underwear.

"No wonder you cunt juices were soaked through your pants. I didn't know you were such a dirty slut." I lightly traced the outline of the small patch of hair just above her sweet cunt. I inhaled deeply, lost in the smell of her sex. "If I passed today I wanted to be able to thank you properly, I've wanted you almost from the day I met you. And if you don't fuck me soon, I think I'll go insane." Kathy sat up and reached for my cock. I moved just out of her reach.

"You'll get it soon enough but first, I'm dying to taste that sweet cunt of yours." It was my turn to tease, after making wait all day I decided to tease her until she begged. I pushed her back and spread her legs taking in the vision of beauty that was spread before me. "Spread your lips for me slut." Kathy quickly complied with my demand. I leaned in and lightly licked her exposed clit. It was as hard as my cock. I continued to lick it lightly, slowly bringing Kathy to the edge of orgasm before stopping. She grabbed my hair and tried to pull me back to her cunt. "You fucker, you can't leave me hanging like that, suck me you bastard." I reached up an lightly touched her clit, she bucked her hips towards me trying to get more, "Beg me slut, beg me to make you cum"

"Yes, please yes, make me cum, I need to cum, please I need you to make me cum." She begged me; I smiled, knowing she was mine. I hovered over her clit, slowly licking, then without warning I sucked it into my mouth hard and shoved two fingers deep into her cunt. She let out a howl that could only be described as primal. "Oh fuck, fuck, fuck, harder, please suck harder. I'm Cumming." I sucked her clit as hard as I could and added a third finger. Kathy screamed and her cunt squeezed my fingers to the point of pain. I held her there for several minutes before she started to come down from her orgasm.

"That was the most intense orgasm I've ever had, where did you learn to do that?" Kathy said between gasps for air. I rose from the floor and gave her a deep kiss. "Is that what I taste like?" Kathy said.

"Oh yeah, you have the sweetest tasting pussy I've ever had. And that won't be your most intense orgasm." I grinned wickedly, Kathy smiled and reached for my cock, it throbbed in her warm grasp. "Flip over and stick the gorgeous ass in the air. I'm going to give you the fucking of a lifetime." Kathy turned around, I lifted her ass higher and kneaded her firm cheeks as I positioned myself to impale her with my rod.

"Are you ready slut? Beg me to fuck you, I want to hear you beg." I gave her ass an light slap and she moaned, I grabbed my cock and rubbed it over her cunt, poking at her clit. "Yes, fuck me please, please, I need your huge cock deep in my cunt now, please, oh please." I lined my cock up with her wet pussy and shoved it in to the hilt. She screamed from the sudden violent intrusion.

"Oh, yes. I've never been so full. Fuck me hard, I need it bad." Kathy was wiggling trying to take in more. I slowly pulled out, right to my head, and then shoved all the way back in. I built a rhythm, starting nice and slow, and then I picked up the pace. I pulled out as far as I could and slammed back in, faster and faster. Kathy was growling, begging me to fuck her harder. I kept pounding and reached a hand around to grab a breast. I squeezed her nipple and she came. Her cunt muscles clenched so tight I thought she was going to tear my cock off. The feeling was so intense I shot my load deep into her womb.

"Oh fuck, I'm Cumming again, that's it. Fill me with you cum, flood my womb, oh fuck yes." Kathy clenched harder, milking every last drop from my dick. We fell together on the couch. I looked at the clock on the wall, it was almost 9. We'd been at it for almost two hours. "Kathy, that was the most amazing fuck I've ever had. You were fucking amazing." I turned her head so I could give her a kiss. We laid together for awhile, just enjoying the afterglow of the amazing sex we had. Around 9:30 we figured we had better get going. We stood up kissed again, there was a large pool of cum on the leather couch from where we were laying. 

"We can't leave that mess behind, better clean it up." I said, thinking about getting a paper towel from the kitchen. Kathy touched my arm and said "I got it." She bent over, exposing her ass to me, and licked the cum off the couch. It was incredibly hot to watch. My cock went rock hard again. "Jesus, Kathy, you've got me worked up again." She smiled and reach between her legs, rubbing her cunt. "There's one spot you overlooked. I thought you might like to have a shot. I don't know how well it will work with that monster but I'm willing to try."

I stepped behind her and plunged my cock into her still slippery pussy to give it a good coating. She groaned in pleasure, rubbing her clit while I pumped in and out, she had a small orgasm which added to the lubrication on my cock. I pulled out and stuck three fingers in her stretched pussy. I coated them with our cum and then rubbed them over her hot ass, slowly inserting one, then two fingers into her secret entrance. She continued to work her clit, her moans increasing in volume.

I pulled my fingers from her ass and pressed the head on my cock against the opening. "Just relax the muscles, there will be some pain at first but it won't last." I slowly push my head past her tight ring. She cried out in pain and I gave her a minute to adjust. She relaxed and I slid another inch into her. She clenched again and I waited for her to relax. The clenching was having an incredible effect. I knew I wouldn't last long at this rate. Suddenly Kathy said "Oh fuck it" and shoved back, taking my cock fully up her ass. It was so tight. She cried out in pain again but kept fingering her wet pussy.

I pulled back and then thrust back in. I built up speed, increasing the length of my strokes. Soon Kathy was having another orgasm, her ass gripped my cock hard, making it difficult to fuck her. I kept at it and she continued to cum. Finally the sensation was too much and I shot what was left of my cum deep in her bowels. She shuddered and fell forward. The suddenness of my cock popping out cause her to scream again. I knelt behind her and sucked my cum from her ass before it could get on the couch. I flipped her over and gave her a kiss, passing my cum into her mouth. She swallowed and shuddered again.

"That just gave me another orgasm. Oh Michael, that was the most amazing fuck I've ever had." She moved down and cleaned off my cock. Even with her sucking I knew I had it for the night. She stood up and pulled on her pants before she joined me on the couch. "I hope we can do this again some day." I smiled and kissed her deeply thinking ahead to what else I could do to this sweet young slut.