 It all started with a conversation I was having with my soon to be brother-in-law. When I think back on it I am so happy that I was honest with him and told him how I felt, besides I thought I was helping not only him but my sister also. If she had found out what had happened she might not believe it as truth, unless she saw it with her own eyes. God forbid that ever happen. 

Phil and I had known each other for years, we went to school together and were in the same graduating class. Kim, my sister was three years younger and had been going out with him for more than two years.

He spent a lot of time at our house and if she was not there he would wait till she got home from work. He made small talk about school and things like that but we never got too friendly.

Not long after she graduated from school they moved in together, got engaged and started planning the wedding. Kim would come home now and then to work on the plans for the wedding with Mom. Phil would come and sit around outside, wash his truck or hang out with neighbor.

I was just getting home from going shopping. I noticed Phil's truck but didn't see him. I ran into the house, Kim and Mom were talking about the wedding. I said hello and ran down the hall and up the stairs as fast as I could. I didn't notice the door was closed, I just had to get in there. As I pushed the door open I was in shock as to what I was seeing.

Phil was sitting on the vanity, with his big hard cock in his hand stroking it, I looked up and he met my eyes, a big smile came across his face. He hurried me in the bathroom and shut the door. I asked him why he was beating off in our bathroom, and why he didn't lock the door. 

At that time I didn't care either I just knew I had to go to the bathroom or I just might explode. I asked him to step out so I could go pee. "No" he said "I have seen you sister go pee what's the big deal?" I told him I was her sister and he was sleeping with her not me and he had no reason to stay. "Well, I just can't go putting this big hard cock back in my pants and walking into the family room like this." He had a point, "OK, just turn around and plug your ears it's the least you could do." 

"Do I have to cover my ears?" he asked me. By this time I'm pulling my pants down and he's looking the other way. I hurry and go, wipe and flush. I tap him on the shoulder to let him know it's safe to turn around. I go toward him to use the sink to wash my hands, looking at him he smiles at me and puts his hands on his now deflated member. 

He asked me if I was going to tell Kim that I caught him. "No." I told him and dried my hands off and left the bathroom. He was still standing there holding his cock as I shut the door behind me. I stopped, turned around, and knocked on the door and he opened it. "Better lock it this time." 

"Your right, I will do that." He shut the door and I could hear the lock click. I knew he was going to finish what I had interrupted. I stood outside the bathroom door for a minute or so, then went to my room. I grabbed my friends CD, logged onto the Internet to check my mail. Nothing good or that I had to read right then. As I started back down the hall toward the family room and I heard a low pitched groan,and ooo's and ahhh's coming from behind the bathroom door as I passed. He had finished in record time I must say. I got a smile on my face just thinking about seeing him as he stroked his cock till he exploded. I love to watch a guy stroke but not my soon to be brother-in-law. 

"I'm going to Jill's house for dinner and a movie not sure what time I'll be home, I'll call if it's past 11:00 Mom." I said as I walked past her in the kitchen. "OK, but make sure you call, I don't want to worry all night if your OK or not," 

I yelled good-bye to Kim and Mom as I flew out the door and back into my car. I sat there for a minute thinking about what just happened, shook my head and told myself that it was just a freak thing, it would never happen again. Boy was I wrong.................................. 

Part Two

About a month had passed and I would catch myself thinking about the day I caught Phil in the bathroom. His rock hard cock in his hand, lovingly stroking it. I would think about it as I laid in bed at night. My nipples would get rock hard and my clit throbbed as I got wetter wishing I was the one who was getting his beautiful big cock slammed in and out of me. It didn't take much to have an orgasm. After two or three I would drift off to sleep, in post orgasmic bliss but I was in need of more than that. 

Saturday was my day off and it was real warm and sunny. I decided to lay out and sun bath. No one was home and I thought I would work on my tan with no lines. I took my swimming suit off and spread tanning oil all over my body. It felt so good to lay there as the sun warmed my body. I had a towel over my eyes and didn't see or hear Phil come up on the deck till it was too late. I was in shock and didn't know what to do, if I should run into the house or try to cover myself with the small towel I had on my eyes. 

"What are you doing here?" I asked him. 

"I came by the house to get the vacuum cleaner, mine is broken, it don't suck. I knocked on the front door but no one answered. I came around back here to see if anyone was around" he said. 

I was thinking to myself I'd like to suck you like a vacuum cleaner. I told him to go and get it out of the closet and go out the front door. he turned to go, stopped looked at me and said "speaking of sucking, maybe if your sister would suck on my cock now and then I wouldn't have to jerk off so much. I'm sorry about what happened in the bathroom." 

I waved my hand at him like it was no big deal, smiled and said "don't worry about it." He went into the house. I jumped up and put my suit on. I sat there and thought about what he had said. My sister wasn't performing he duties as a wife to be. I felt bad for Phil. I love to suck cock, I wondered why she didn't. I'd do anything to have that cock in my mouth. 

I started to think about how he might taste and feel in my mouth. My nipples started to get hard and my pussy was getting wet, I reached down and pushed aside my swimming suit bottom and rubbed my clit it felt so good. As I rubbed my throbbing button I played with my nipples and soon I was thrashing about in pure pleasure. I had a monster of an orgasm. I laid there and played with my nipples more and was on the brink of another when I heard what sounded like a zipper. I opened my eyes and there to my left was Phil. He had his big thick cock in his hand and he was slowly stroking it. 

"Don't stop, this is an amazing show, just what I need to help me get off. 

You can watch me and I'll watch you." 

At this point I didn't care about anything but seeing his cock spill his love seed all over me. I rubbed and he stroked, we were in rhythm with each other and before long he told me he was going to come. I told him to come on me. Not a second after the words were out of my mouth he was coming all over me. 

I had been so close and this set my own orgasm off and I was in heaven. I took my finger and scooped some of his come off my tit and sucked it into my hot mouth. It tasted sweet as honey and I did this a few more times, he stood there with his still hard cock in his hand. 

I told him how good his love seed tasted and that next time he needed to let me show him how a real woman takes care of her man. He shook his head and smiled. I was not sure what he was thinking but after tasting him I wanted to show him what he was missing with Kim.

I would like to thank  Kat for her help editingmy work and giving me some tips to make it better. This is my first submisson. If you like it PLEASE VOTE