 Harry got his first pussy peek when the twins moved in next-door, Tiffy and Ziggy. 

Tiffy was a brunette, Ziggy a blonde and both had tits the size of beach balls. Everyone called them the Titty-Twins. Fortunately Harry had an ultra-zoom camera and a bedroom with an excellent view of their bathroom window. 

That night, spying through his camera Harry noticed Tiffy taking a shower. "Oh yes! Thank You Jesus!" He held his breath as he watched the naked girl tiptoe out of the tub... revealing her plump tits and fuzzy brown pubes. 

He zoomed in closer to her wet pussy, so close he could almost taste it. 

Harry's camera peered into the delicious lips of Tiffy's twat... deep pink and swollen, glistening with droplets of pussy dew. He clicked a pic. When the young brunette lifted her leg, her pussy lips gently opened... Harry's camera zoomed into her secret hole... revealing every delicate fold of her shimmering pink tissue. 

Click-click. 

His prick turned to stone when Tiffy dried herself, rubbing the towel through her legs... up and down her moist little slit. OMG! Harry yearned to run his tongue up and down Tiffy's luscious little slit. 

The next day her sister Ziggy ran over, banged on his car door. "Tiffy's car is broken. I need a ride to college." 

"Sure!" Horny Harry was always eager to help big-titted girls, and small titted girls... and pretty much anything with two tits and a twat. 

As he drove, Harry kept glancing at Ziggy's tight shorts and the nice camel toe splitting her puffy pussy lips. Sweet. When he parked the car Ziggy slapped him. 

"I seen you staring at my crotch!" He started to speak but Ziggy slapped him again. "And last night I saw you peeking at my sister's naked twat. And now you want to see my twat too— don't you— you pervert?" 

It wasn't the first time he'd been called a pervert. But Harry's jaw dropped when Ziggy pulled her shorts down to her knees. Staring at him the naughty girl yanked her panties aside, exposing her fuzzy blonde pussy and moist slit. 

"Gosh it's sooo... awesome!" 

"Yes it is." Ziggy smiled let him rub her awesome pussy for a minute. But when just as his finger found her wet spot, Ziggy smacked his hand and ran out of the car laughing. "Thanks for the ride pervert." 

Late that night Harry's peeking camera caught Ziggy in the shower, washing herself and more... He eagerly watched the naughty blonde pull on her nipples and slide a finger up her twat, while her thumb rubbed her clitty. She was finger fucking herself. 

Dammit he could've done that! Harry zoomed in for a close-up video of finger-fucking fun. Wow! 

Two days later came Saturday, hot as hell Saturday. The entire town fled to the beach. 

Harry fucking loved the beach. Lots of sexy girls in tiny-tiny bikinis, getting dressed and undressed in the changing rooms, with lots of opportunity for pussy peeks. Plus the changing rooms had thin bamboo curtains. And sometimes the thin curtains blew open in the breeze... Click-click. 

Grabbing his ultra-zoom camera Harry watched lots girls go behind the bamboo curtains. He prayed for a slight breeze, or a gale, or maybe a hurricane. 

Soon he saw sexy Malia drive up and go into a changing room. Yes-yes-yes! Harry and his prick prayed extra hard. Malia was a Hawaiian girl— very pretty and very naughty. She had a reputation of doing naked things for money. 

No breeze came up but Harry noticed the curtain open up a few inches. Zooming closer he watched Malia slowly remove her swimsuit. Pulling down the straps her springy titties popped straight out. Wow. Click-click. 

Then Malia dropped her bikini... The future stripper threw open the curtain, lifted her arms and wiggled in a wicked dance. Harry stared at her twisting naked body, pointy titties and dark furry crack... and got a furious boner and a dozen pussy pics. 

Malia smirked, flipped him off and slammed the curtain shut. 

Later Harry was at the taco stand, eating spicy hot tacos and thinking about Malia's spicy hot twat—when the naughty girl came up behind him, slapping his ass. "Hi Harry you pervert." She bit his ear as her hand rubbed the front of his crotch... 

Harry got a boner lump the size of a blimp. Malia tugged at his zipper. "Okay perv, you seen mine now I see yours." 

"Right here? But someone might see us." 

"Do it perv boy or I scream like crazy woman." 

"Shit— okay." Harry looked around and pulled his cock out. Malia leaned down, giggling as she squeezed his throbbing prick. She kissed it and licked it, then shoved his aching boner back in his shorts. 

"Boner boy meet me at women's restroom... and bring that big stiffy." 

Thank You Jesus. Harry ran to the restroom area with high hopes and a hard-on. But for some reason people pointed at him... as he waited outside the women's restroom with a camera and a lump in his pants. A woman came out of the restroom, straightened her skirt and slapped him. 

But Harry was used to getting his face slapped. 

Finally he saw Malia skip around the corner, with her pointy tits jiggling up and down. And skipping and jiggling behind her were his big titted neighbors. 

"I hope you don't mind my new friends Tiffy and Ziggy. I call them the Titty Twins." 

Harry shook his head and the giggling girls scurried into the women's restroom. Malia turned. "Aren't you coming boy?" The guy walked in nervously and Malia locked the door. 

"Come on boner-boy. My friends have never seen a hard one." Malia giggled. "Show us or we'll scream." Under the girls wide-eyed stares Harry unzipped and his prick sprang up like a cobra. The girls jumped back. 

Malia grabbed his prick and her soft hand rubbed up and down his long boner, making it even longer. "Wow... this thing could really fuck a girl's brains out." Harry saw the twins huddled in horror watching his one-eyed monster stare at them and throb. 

"Girls we better take our tops off— this thing sprays like a firehouse." Malia flipped out her pointy titties and wrinkly brown nipples. Her nipples had bite marks, of course. 

The titty twins blushed as they took off their tops and slowly lowered their bras, flipping out four very large boobs with very pink nipples. Harry watched the girls wiggle their chests... six naked boobs bouncing around like water balloons. Totally titty heaven! 

Malia moved close and gripped his prick again as her pointy tits jiggled in his face. "Girls let me show you how to give a hand job." 

Spitting on it twice Malia stroked his saliva covered prick. Her hand worked up and down Harry's stiffy while he groped her brown boobs, kneading her dark chocolate nipples. The Titty Twins watched closely. 

Malia sure knew how to give a hand job. The slutty girl leaned down and licked his balls as she stroked his throbbing shaft. Soon Harry's cock exploded, shooting cum into the air. A spurt landed on her stomach as another spurt splattered her arm and hand. 

And a white glob of sperm flew straight into Tiffy's hair. "UCK!" 

The wide-eyed girls kept watching as Malia licked the last drop of cum out of Harry's pee hole. Then Malia licked a glob of sticky cum off of her hand. She offered her sticky hand to Tiffy. Closing her eyes the blushing girl touched the jism with the tip of her tongue— and gagged. 

Next was Ziggy's turn to taste. She too hesitated before licking the sticky sperm. But she didn't gag. Staring at Harry Ziggy took two more licks and smiled. 

Malia yelled. "Now stand against the wall white boy." So Harry did, standing next to a Kotex machine. Malia yanked his shorts down to his ankles. Harry's prick stood at attention. "Your turn Tiffy." 

"M-my turn for what?" 

"To jerk off his fuck stick." 

"But that thing is nasty!" Melia snapped her fingers and pointed to his prick. "Okay, jeez. " Tiffy blushed and touched it. "Wow his fuck thing is sooo hard." The girl spit on it twice and stroked her soft hand up and down his hard shaft. 

Malia waved at her to go faster. "And let him feel your beach balls." 

Tiffy held her chest out. Harry groped her soft white tits and hard nipples as she stroked his stiffy. She leaned closer and rubbed faster, making her big tits jiggle and bounce. Harry couldn't hold back— his prick exploded—spewing cum across Tiffy's pretty face and lips. 

"EWW! EWW! He's trying to shoot cum in my mouth!" Tiffy pushed his prick away, gagging as she licked her lips. 

Melia laughed. "You're next Ziggy." 

"But... but his thing is limp. Is it broken?" 

"Nope." Malia giggled. "I'll show you how to fix a prick." The wide-eyed girls watched Malia licked up and down, twirling her tongue around Harry's shaft until it magically stiffened for a third time. She forced his stiff prick into Ziggy's hand. "Now do it girl! It's fun!" 

Ziggy spit on his prick and gently stroked it up and down, watching his pee hole open and close... Harry fondled her fat tits, pulling on her enlarged nipples as she pulled on his prick. Working her hand faster and faster Ziggy seemed to like giving a hand job. 

Soon Harry felt his prick throbbing with every stroke. When Ziggy tugged on his balls his prick swelled and burst, spewing cum across Ziggy's tits. She laughed and wiped her chest, then wiped his cock. With the foreskin pulled back, Ziggy stared into his open pee slit and licked it clean. 

"My turn girls." Harry opened a stall and sat on the toilet seat. "You've seen mine, now it's your turn— it's pussy showtime." 

Malia smirked. "Okay white boy." The Hawaiian girl moved into the stall, raised her skirt and dropped her panties, revealing the dark vee of her silky pussy and her dark red slit. Cupping her pussy Harry rubbed in up and down. She opened her legs and he pushed his finger into her warm slot. 

Harry eagerly fondled her firm tits as he stabbed his finger in and out of her writhing pussy. After a minute Malia jolted and her pussy muscles spasmed, crushing his finger as her cunt juices covered his hand. 

Malia laughed. "Lick it Harry, lick it off your hand. It's Hawaiian love juice!" 

He licked her dripping pussy juice off his finger. "Not bad, salty sweet." 

Malia giggled. "Now you Ziggy." 

Harry held out his hand. "Let me tickle your fancy." 

Ziggy frowned but yanked her panties down. Raising her skirt the girl displayed her puffy blonde pussy. She waddled into the stall, opened her pussy lips and touched her pink slit to his hand. 

Harry fingered her twat just like he'd seen Ziggy do in the shower, with his finger poking her fuck hole while his thumb rubbed the hard bead of her clitty. 

"Oh Harry...that's freaky...you really... uh... know how to finger... meee" Sucking her big nipples, Harry finger fucked her faster and soon Ziggy's entire body shook in climax. After the last jolt of orgasm the girl pulled away and snapped her twat shut like a coin purse. 

Malia laughed. "Now you Tiff." Tiffy shook her head. Malia yanked up the girl's skirt. "Be pussy proud— show off your twat!" 

Blushing neon red Tiffy pulled her panties down to her knees, displaying her furry brown fuck-hole. But didn't move. "She's so damn timid." Malia smacked her butt and shoved Tiffy into the stall. "Kiss her twat Harry! Kiss her timid twat!" 

"Don't you dare!" Tiffy tried to back away but Harry grabbed her panties and pulled her twat to his lips. Harry kissed all over Tiffy's maiden hair, smelling the sweet-tuna scent of virgin pussy. 

"Now lick her slit! Lick it good!" 

"Oooh nooo!" The brunette screamed as his tongue stabbed into her wiggling hole, lapping up and down her pink crack. He'd wanted to lick her twat ever since he saw her naked in the shower. His tongue found her swollen clitty and twirled it, round and round. 

"Aiyeee! " Tiffy slapped his head away. "That's Enough!" She yanked up her panties and fell backwards on the floor. 

Harry lifted his camera. "Ladies your pussies are so pretty, I want a group pic. Show me your butterflies." The Titty Twins shook their heads. But Malia snapped her fingers and the two girls shut their eyes dropped their panties and spread their pretty pussy lips into pink butterflies. Malia joined them. 

"Three pink pussy butterflies lined up in a row. Priceless!" Harry snapped some pics as his prick turned to steel. "Um, now can I have a piece of pussy?" 

"NO!" The girls yanked up their panties tight. 

"Aw c'mon. I really need some sweet nookie." Harry remembered Malia's naughty reputation and opened his wallet. "Hey Malia, how 'bout I give you fifty bucks and you let me poke your Hawaiian Hole?" 

Malia snatched the money and laughed. "For fifty all you get is a blowjob." Malia licked his prick as the Titty Twins stared. Ziggy stammered "Malia sh-show me how to give a blowjob... p-please." 

"Sure. You can suck his prick, I already suck too many pricks this week." She threw the money at Ziggy. 

"Now get on your knees like a good slutty." Ziggy did, staring at Harry's throbbing boner. "It just like sucking your thumb— except cum spurts out!" Malia laughed and pushed Ziggy's blonde head down. 

Ziggy took his cockhead into her mouth— and gagged. But the young girl was determined and slowly worked her lips up and down his thick shaft, taking in more and more cock-meat until her nose touched his pubes. Ziggy looked like a chipmunk - her cheeks bulging and her lips pouting. 

Malia yelled, "Pull on his balls Ziggy, and tickle his pee hole with your tongue." Ziggy did and in two minutes Harry's prick spewed a load of cum into Ziggy's mouth. Malia yelled, "Swallow it!" 

The girl did and gagged so much it brought tears to her eyes. She kept gulping down his spurts. After the last swallow Ziggy wobbled to her feet, with a line of cum dangling from her chin to her cleavage. 

Malia smiled. "Here Zig have a cig. It helps get rid of that cummy aftertaste." 

Suddenly they heard a women yelling and knocking on the door. "Open this door! I have to pee!" The half-naked girls ran out with their tits bouncing. Harry shut the stall door, lifted his legs and listened to the women peeing in the stall next to him. It sounded funny. 

That woman left but Harry heard another women walk in and force open his stall door. It was Tiffy... but Timid Tiffy had a wild look in her eyes. The wild girl cornered him and tore off her panties. 

"My hole's been burning ever since you licked me. Lick me again you bastard!" 

Harry licked and lapped her slut working his tongue deep in her pussy hole. His tongue found her clitty and twirled like a pink baton. "Oh-oh... ohh... AHHHH!" Tiffy's nails clawed his head as her body shuddered in orgasm. Her knees buckled and she fell to the floor. 

The sweaty girl blushed and pulled up her panties. "Thank you Harry. I have to run now." 

"Wait a minute! I'm hard as granite." Harry yanked out his rigid boner. "Now it's time to fuck!" 

"Oh no— I don't f-fuck. That's nasty." Harry yanked her panties off. "Stop please. DON'T!" Tiffy tried to squirm away but he held her down and forced her legs apart. 

"You're horny hole needs this as much as I do." Gripping her fat tits he plunged his prick into Tiffy's wet twat. "OH GAWD...stop it Harry...you're hurting my poor pussy!" 

Harry kept pumping, sucking Tiffy's huge nipples as he pummeled her twat, tearing away her virginity. After a few more fuck strokes he felt Tiffy relax...and her hips began to move up to meet his shaft. 

Lifting her legs over her head Harry screwed the brunette harder, with his balls loudly slapping her ass. 

Soon he heard the girl panting. "Aww... aww... YES!" Tiffy arched up and gripped his neck. "Harry I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" He felt her twat muscles twisting in orgasm and gripping his cock. "Oh gawd Harry..." 

Her writhing pussy made Harry's balls burst, shooting cum into Tiffy's hot hole. After a minute he rolled off. Tiffy lifted her head up to watch the streams of jism leaking from her pussy, followed by a glob of blood and a piece of hymen tissue. 

"Oh my gosh— you fucked my brains out! You really fucked my brains out!" 

That night Harry lay in bed stroking his dick and thinking about his awesome-awesome day. 

As he stroked he noticed a bright yellow glow in the neighbor's window. It was Ziggy, shining a flashlight on her naked blonde pussy. Harry's binoculars zoomed in on her shining twat. He zoomed in so close he could see the tiny goose bumps on her puffy pink lips, and the sparkling drops of pussy dew clinging to her slit. 

Stuck on her twat was a note the size of a postage stamp. It read, "Meet me behind the shed NOW." 

Harry never said no to naked girls. Rushing behind the shed he found big titty Ziggy lying naked in the grass, with her legs spread wide. In the moonlight her golden vee of maiden hair shone like an arrow, pointing down to her open slit. 

"Harry you licked my sister now you have to lick me...and do that other thing too." 

"Um... fuck your brains out?" 

"Yes please."