 Dinner was intense. Sitting together in the restaurant, flirting with each other, getting each other going. It was all either of us could do to finish our meal before we raced back to our room. We barely get the door closed before our hands are all over each other, our lips tasting each other. Your hand touches the bulge in the front of my pants and you make that little whimpering sound. 

As you rub your breasts against me and caress my cock through my pants, a smile spreads on my face. I had decided earlier that tonight I'm going to do something I've been thinking about for a while now. Something naughty that will both mortify and thrill you... 

After a few more moments of our intense making out, I grab your sides firmly and pull you hard against me. Come on, I whisper in your ear, get on your knees. 

My words elicit another whimper as you comply with a grin. You love to suck my cock. And you seem to love it even better when I tell you to. 

The hem of the short skirt your wearing slides up your thighs as you kneel before me. If it creeps up any farther, I know I'll be able to see that you aren't wearing panties. You lean forward and massage me through my pants with your large breasts. 

You look up at me with that grin. The one that says how much you love to pleasure me. Yes, I nod to you silently. You're about to get what you want. My hard cock in your mouth. 

And based on our conversation at dinner, I think it's safe to say that we both know you won't be rising from your knees before you swallow my cum. I can smell the arousal wafting from your barely concealed pussy and I know you're as turned on by that knowledge as I am. 

You look up at me with a pleading look in your eyes. It's all part of our game, of course. Your grin hasn't diminished in the slightest. It's a game, but it's rooted in real cravings. Not that I would deny you my cock in these circumstances, but if I did, I have no doubt that your pleading would be real. 

I hesitate only long enough to comply with the rules of our game... make it feel like you're begging to suck my cock. I don't play it up like I have so many times before, teasing you with feigned resistance. Partly because we're both so worked up from dinner. But also because I have another game to play with you tonight. 

I watch you as I lower my zipper. Your eyes dart between my eyes and my hands. I love that look... the way you're unable to conceal your eagerness. I go only slow enough not to arouse your suspicions. I hesitate just long enough for us both to play out our parts in this charade then I pull out my cock. 

I'm already hard. That has a lot to do with our dinnertime flirting and our intense kissing and groping. But I'm harder than usual, stiff with the thought of the game I plan to play. I squeeze my cock and a bead of precum forms quickly at the tip. You lean forward, tongue out to lick it off, but I pull away. Oh please? you plead, grinning. 

Ordinarily, I might offer it to you and pull it away again, like Charlie Brown and the football... but I really am rock hard. The sight of you on your knees, your legs splayed just enough that I can imagine the hair of your pussy hiding in the shadow of your skirt's hem, your DD breasts with their bullet-like nipples straining the fabric of your tight blouse... It's almost too much to resist on its own merits. 

I do manage to pull it back once more from you before relenting, allowing you the privilege of licking that bead from my cock head. Mmmmmm, you purr, closing your eyes as if savoring an exotic chocolate. Whether it's a part of the game or you sincerely love the taste of my precum, the effect is powerful, causing my body to shudder. 

Then your lips are around me, your tongue exploring the tip of my cock like a feeler. Again, it's part of our semi-scripted play, one that is both erotic and comfortable. Your eyes look up in to mine, seeking signs that the warmth of your mouth on me is having the desired effect. Which, of course, it is. 

You begin to bob slowly on my erection, your lips gliding up and down it, coating me with your saliva. We both gasp and moan, completely unfeigned pleasure. For a short time, you look up at my face as you suck. I look down into your eyes, savoring the moment. What, after all, is finer than looking into the eyes of a woman who is on her knees sucking my cock? 

Soon though, your eyes close. Keeping them open isn't really natural for you. It's something you know I like and you do it to please me. Once you get into a good rhythm though, you begin to lose yourself in the act, your eyes closing, as if in prayer. Or perhaps worship? 

I take a few deep breaths to steady myself. The feel of your lips and the sight of you on your knees are both intoxicating. I wait just a moment or two longer, enjoying the physical pleasure of the moment. You are, of course, a gifted cocksucker. 

After a few minutes of your sensuous oral ministrations, I get back to my plan. Discretely, I slip my cell phone out of my pocket and quietly open it. You, lost in the act of pleasuring me, notice nothing. 

I had switched all the sound off beforehand, knowing that this was my premeditated intent. So there are no beeps to alert you as I place my call. A mischievous grin spreads across my face as I look down at the top of your head and hear the ringing of the phone in my ear. 

Hey, it's me, I say into the phone. Your eyes immediately open and look up at me, your lips stopping in their tracks in the middle of my cock. I look back into your eyes and no doubt the mischief is apparent on my face. You immediately seem to understand that a game is being played... something not unusual for us, though this in particular is something I've never tried before. 

Oh, not much, just getting my cock sucked, I continue speaking to the anonymous person on the other end of the line as I gesture with my free hand for you to resume sucking me. Yeah, right now, I confirm as you obediently begin bobbing again, though slower, more cautiously. Where are you? I ask you. You look confused for a moment, not sure if I'm talking to you or the person on the phone. I nod at you and I see your eyes look around the room then back at me, unsure what answer I'm looking for. With one foot I gently tap against your exposed knee and you quickly get the hint. 

On my knees, you reply and resume sucking. Doing what? I prompt. I see the color rising in your cheeks and that embarrassed smile spreading across your face as you take my cock out of your mouth to answer. I hold the phone out for your response. Sucking your cock, you say softly, blushing still more as you look away for a moment unable to keep your eyes on mine. 

Your smile makes it momentarily difficult to wrap your lips back around my cock, but you quickly get back into the groove. Oh, yeah, I continue with my phone conversation. Can't you hear? I hold the phone close to the juncture of your lips and my cock to capture the squishy, slurping and sucking sounds you're mouth is making. Yeah, she'll go at it like that for twenty minutes, half hour at a shot. 

I touch a finger to the rosy crest of your cheek. It turns me on like crazy that, embarrassed though you may be to have me describe what you're doing to a stranger on the phone, you don't stop. You were so nice and respectable when we met. A prim and proper suburban housewife. The prototypical soccer mom. 

Now look at you. On your knees in a hotel room, sucking another man's cock. Dripping wet with rock hard nipples too. And this little phone game? Well, at one time you might have run away screaming, but not now. Now you're just as turned on by it as I am. Which is probably the real reason you're so embarrassed. 

Not because I'm describing your cocksucking while you're doing it. But because you're getting so aroused by the sheer naughtiness of it. 

It feels so damn sexy to be so naughty, doesn't it? The whole room is awash in the scent of your arousal. 

Of course, I say into the phone, answering a question you couldn't hear. No, don't take my word. I look at you and ask, What are you going to do when I cum in your mouth? I hold the phone out to capture your response. Again the color flares on your cheek and your smile grows too wide to keep me in your mouth. You look me in the eyes, apparently determined to play this game right along with me. I'm going to swallow, you answer. But your blush explodes again and you have to look away. 

Yeah, two or three times a day if I want her to, I say into the phone. She loves it. 

I look down and stroke your cheek with my other hand as you begin bobbing lustily on my shaft once again. 

Oh, yeah, suck it like that, I encourage you as you make several deep, sensuous bobs, your lips going all the way to the base of my shaft, the head of my cock hitting the back of your throat. Yeah, I say, this time to the phone, she just took me down her throat a bunch of times in a row. Oh, yeah, she can deep throat. Like a champ, I add, looking down at you. There's still some color on your cheeks and it deepens a little with that last compliment. Even as you blush though, you push yourself all the way down, swallowing my cock, touching your lips to its base. 

You hold yourself there for a long moment, then ease back, looking up into my eyes as you do. Then you bob down again, taking in my entire length and rocking back and forth at the very base of my shaft. I can feel my cock head in your throat. The combination of your lips at the base and your throat at the top, coupled with the fine sight of your nose against my stomach is incredibly gratifying. I moan, knowing I'm going to be cumming soon. 

Oh yeah, I gasp into the phone, she's got me all the way down her throat. Damn, she's gonna make me cum! My body quivers a little as you pull up again. When you start sucking with redoubled effort, I shudder again. Oh, yeah, this is it. I'm gonna cum! 

My words seem only to inspire you to suck faster, deeper. You want to make me cum, don't you? Yes, the eagerness with which you suck me when I say I'm close is so telling. 

My body shudders and I moan as a long stream of cum erupts from my cock, followed quickly by a second smaller spurt. You continue to suck with abandon, wresting third and fourth surges from me. I'm breathing heavily as I reach down and run my hand through your hair. You're still sucking me slowly, gently, draining every drop from my shaft. 

Oh, yeah, I say to both you and the phone. That was sooo fucking good. Yeah, I say to the phone, she did. Yeah, she did the little frown thing too. She always does. And it's true. Whenever I cum in your mouth, your forehead makes that telltale crinkle, that slight frown as I shoot against the back of your throat. 

You slip my cock from your mouth and look up at me with a smile. You seem quite pleased with yourself. Perhaps because I shot a bigger load than usual and you handled it with no trouble? 

Yeah, she got it all, I tell the phone. And it was a pretty good sized one too. More than she's used to. I pause, listening, then continue. Yeah, she used to struggle a little, sometimes let a little get away. But, I say, running my finger lightly across your soft pink lips, she's really become quite a good cum swallower, haven't you? 

You nod in reply. I hold the phone out, gesturing for you verbalize your answer. Yes, you say simply. When I don't take the phone back, you get the hint and continue. I've become a very good cum swallower. You can't help grinning and blushing again at your own words. 

I'm not surprised by your embarrassment. When I met you, you didn't talk about things like this. You didn't use language like that. And you didn't swallow either. Now you play right along with little games like this one... me describing your actions on the phone as you're doing them. And your eyes confess that you're just as turned on by it as I am. Maybe even more so. Which may be the real reason you get so red... 

And you've become an avid cocksucker and cum swallower, too. I wonder, do any of the other moms standing with you on the sidelines at soccer practice have noticed that little extra glow in your complexion? Would any of them suspect what the reason for that glow is? Or how many times you've chatted with them with the aftertaste of my cum still in your mouth? 

You've developed a certain taste for being naughty, haven't you? And I've developed a desire to test just how far you'll go. You've passed this test with flying colors. 

I wonder what we can try next?