 Uck I look disgusting, I thought as I stood staring at my reflection in the teacher's bathroom. I hadn't done my hair in months, I barely had any make-up on and what was left was completely smudged. My clothes were baggy and didn't match. I was a mess. When had this happened? How did I let myself walk out of the house like this, and it wasn't just today I had looked this way for almost a year. This just wasn't me. I would normally have my hair curled or straightened and I would wear the trendiest outfits with heels and perfectly manicured nails. 

It's just a rough year, I told myself, trying to excuse my appearance. The students this year were tough, much worse than any other year. On top of that I had broken up with my boyfriend of three years and hadn't had sex since he left me. 

Ugch I haven't had sex in a year! It occurred to me that I was really off my game. I looked in the mirror and leaned forwards pulling my shirt down enough to see cleavage. I had perfect tits, much bigger than a handful. I actually thought I was pretty hot. I turned and stuck out my ass so I could see it in the mirror. Well done horrible stair machine and the gym, I looked really good. I'd quit teaching and start stripping if I wasn't 5'2." I hooked my thumb into my jeans and pulled till I saw the red string of my thong. I pulled it back and snapped it against my ass. Mmmm I really need to be spanked. I turned back around and looked at myself again in the mirror as I moved my hand under my shirt, slowly making my way to my breasts. I traced the outline of my nipple making it hard underneath my bra, before squeezing my DDD cup tits. A small moan escaped as I realized how horny I really was. God. I really need to get fucked.

Jason Hayes! He's right here, he's really hot and he has a huge dick! Jason Hayes was one of the PE teachers. We had hooked up about a year ago behind the stage in the theater one night. It actually wasn't that great and I never tried to get with him after that. Ya he had a nice cock but I expected something more. He had bent me over a stage prop, and fucked me for about three minutes before he came. He was really into my tits. Before he started fucking me he had to suck and lick them for like fifteen minutes. Then he mauled them while he fucked me. When I turned around he was smiling. Before he walked away he panted, "I knew you were a little slut huh babe?" Slutty? I was barely even a participant in our little hook up. He was really hot though and I might have given in to his advances if I wasn't in such a rut. He was half Puerto Rican, half Italian. He was dark and incredibly handsome. He was very well built and big, everything about him was big. I was going to go show him what slutty really meant. 

I waited until an hour after the last bell rang to make sure most of the kids were gone and then walked across the school to the gym. 

"Wow, Hey Ms. C.," I heard as I was crossing the basketball court. I looked to the bleachers and saw four of the seniors staring at me. 

"Hey boys, you really shouldn't be in here without Coach Hayes or one of the teachers. " I was about to ask if they had seen Jason but I noticed they were all staring at my tits. Oh shit! I forgot I had spruced up a bit and how I probably shouldn't be walking around a high school with this much cleavage. 

"K boys get going, Now." They all smiled and walked off quietly until they got to the door and I heard "Dayyyyyyymmmmmnnn" and some laughter. I smiled. At least I look good. I headed to the offices to look for Jason. None of the PE teachers were around, in fact for a second I thought I was the only one in the building, until I heard a girl's giggle. It was coming from the boy's locker rooms so I quietly tiptoed in. I figured the students had snuck in and were making out, but I didn't see anyone. I turned the corner to the coach's offices. The offices were separated from the locker room with a big glass window, so the coaches could make sure there wasn't any roughhousing or stealing going on while the students changed. 

And there he was, Jason Hayes standing in the middle of his office getting his dick sucked by one of the senior girls! I hated that little bitch. She was awful, always talking back and answering with "whatever, I don't care." This girl would stare me down the entire class with the worst "I'm going to kill you" look ever and then "accidently" shove into me on her way out of the classroom. Taylor, that was her name. I guess I had embarrassed the girl once in the middle of class, I hadn't even remember what I did, until just this moment. I had taken her notebook away because she was drawing in it instead of answering the question sheet, but the notebook was covered in hearts with Mr. Hayes' name all over it and I guess the whole class saw. She was totally obsessed with Jason. 

I had to smile a little this was not going to be fun for her at all. Jason was going to fuck her hard for like a minute, cum and then devastate her by completely ignoring her for the rest of the school year. Plus he didn't look like he was enjoying it at all. He kept wincing and rolling his eyes like he was annoyed. 

"Is this what you like Mr. Hayes?" Taylor had put on her most sultry voice.

"Ya babe that's great. Open your mouth wider ok? Or just get it deeper." He was holding her head and staring at the ceiling. She obviously didn't change anything because he rolled his eyes and then slumped his head. I almost laughed he looked so frustrated. 

"K baby, come on, get up. I want to fuck you so bad." Taylor was smiling like she had gotten everything she wanted and that it was her and only her that he wanted. He wants his dick in 18 year old pussy, yours just happens to be available. I was actually starting to feel bad for Taylor and, I was just getting wetter and wetter looking at Jason, even if he was an ass. Jason positioned her so she was bent over his desk. She did have a really nice ass, but her tits were smaller than I imagined Jason would like, maybe a C cup. He had taken her jeans off but hadn't even bothered with her panties. He had pulled them to the side and was getting ready to slide his dick in when Taylor spoke. 

"Don't worry Mr. Hayes I brought a condom," she said as she waved the condom behind her back. I saw him roll his eyes again "Good girl," he said as he ripped the packaging open. However instead of putting it on he dropped it into the pocket of his shirt. What a fucking asshole! I thought. He doesn't give a shit if he fucks up this girl's whole future. Something in me snapped and I decided I was going to fix this for everybody. Taylor was going to get more than three minutes with the man she was obsessed with and Jason and I were both going to get fucked the way we needed, well I was, Jason was going to learn what slutty really meant. 

I quietly walked to the office door and stood in the door jam so I could startle them. I leaned against the door jam and crossed my arms so my tits pushed together and almost popped out. 

"Jason I'm shocked, I thought you only fucked me like that." I said it sarcastically and a little whiney. They both jumped and Taylor screamed a little bit. Jason immediately pulled his pants up, leaving Taylor holding her pants in front of her with her tank top pulled down around her waist and her little black thong only half covering her pussy. Her nipples were hard and her cute little tits jiggled when she jumped. I suddenly wanted to touch them. I wanted to lick her nipples and push my breasts against hers. 

"Alexia! Shit! We were just . . . The last couple months . . . Shit! Taylor is . . ." Jason was stammering he couldn't get a single sentence out and Taylor looked like she was going to pass out. I walked over to him and put my finger to his lips, shushing him. 

"Jason. Be quiet. Just. Stop. Talking." I was standing really close to him and all I wanted to do was touch him. Later. Taylor spoke up from behind me, "Ms. C you cannot tell anyone! My father can't know about this! Mr. Hayes tell her! Tell her she can't tell anyone!" Jason was staring at my tits. I found myself pressing against him and I could feel him getting hard. 

"Taylor I need you to go home now," I started before I had even turned away from Jason. "Taylor you need to go so I can talk to Mr. Hayes about his behavior. I want you to be at my house tonight at 8:00 ok? 121 Ocean Court. Got it Taylor?" I was giving her the stare she usually gives me in class. 

"Fuck no! What the fuck Ms. C? You're just jealous that Mr. Hayes wants me and not you!" She looked like she was going to cry. I walked up to her and grabbed her face hard, "no sweetie he was going to fuck you, cum in you, and then never acknowledge you again. But that's fine, I'll just call daddy and tell him I found you sucking your PE teacher's cock. Hey stop me if I'm wrong honey, but daddy's a minister right? 121 Ocean Court. Eight o'clock. Go." Taylor flashed me a sarcastic grin as she muttered "whatever." 

"Oh hey Taylor." I stopped her before she walked out so she could see me grab the condom from Jason's shirt pocket. "We won't be needing this," I said as I handed it to her. Before she went running out she looked stupidly at Jason as he shrugged. 

Jason was leaning against the wall and I walked up and pressed against him. His hands went straight for my tits but I pushed them away. He settled for grabbing my ass and I let him pull me closer to him so his now hard cock could grind into me. He was trying to kiss me and was practically growling. I knew how bad he wanted to touch me and suck on my tits. He was seconds away from fucking a tight little 18 year old and I had interrupted. I thought he should be teased; I wanted his cock to ache for it. I pulled the top part of my body back from him, but he kept my hips tight against him. I teased him by pulling my shirt even lower and slipping my finger between my tits. He actually did growl. He tried to lower his head to stick his face between my tits but I lifted it back up with a single finger. I wrapped my arm around the back of his head and pushed my tits into him. My other hand grabbed his cock as I whispered in his ear "Poor baby. Did I screw up your plans? I guess I should say sorry huh? Would a threesome make you feel better? You deserve to have this big cock sucked the right way." 

Jason was completely shocked. He grabbed my hips and pulled me away a little. "Are you serious? With Taylor? Tonight?" He sounded like a little kid getting a present. I bit my lip and nodded my head yes. 

I whispered in his ear again before I turned and walked toward the door, "I can't wait to watch you cum on that little whore's face." He grabbed his cock through his jeans and he actually looked like he was going to cum. "My house. 8:30?" He shook his head yes as I walked out of his office. 

By 8:00 I was dressed and already soaking wet. I wore a tight short black dress with six-inch heels, the dress barely covered my ass and my tits were practically popping out. My black panties were tight and laced up the back, he should have to work, even to undress me. I didn't wear a bra, I wanted him to see my nipples through my dress and I wanted it to be easy to taunt him with my big tits. I had curled my hair and put on black eye makeup. I looked like I was ready to be in a porno. I looked at myself in the mirror and pinched my nipple. My other hand reached under my dress and moved across the lace of my panties over my clit. I shuddered a little. I think I'm going to make that little slut lick my clit. 

When I answered the door Taylor stood there with her mouth open looking me up and down. She was wearing tight black work out pants and a tank top that I would have yelled at her for wearing if we were in school. Her cute little tits were pushed up with a padded bra. She pushed past me and started bitching. "Why am I even here? You know I'm 18. It doesn't even matter what Mr. Hayes and I did." She was still looking me up and down. I guess she had only ever seen me dressed as a frumpy teacher. 

"Taylor Mr. Hayes was going to fuck you with out a condom because it feels better for him that way. He didn't give a shit if you got pregnant because he wouldn't have helped you anyway. After he got what he wanted he would have left you there to clean up and then he would have ignored you for the rest of the year and you would be heart broken. Tonight we are going to make him pay for that. " I walked up to her so my tits were touching hers and grabbed her hair and pulled her head back to look up at me. "You're going to be a good little whore tonight. We will make him feel so good that he will follow you around like a puppy dog until you leave for college. Isn't that what you want?" I let my hand slip down to her ass and lightly cupped it. She gasped a little and parted her lips. "Do you want to keep Mr. Hayes happy? Or do you want to watch him try to get with one of your friends when he's done with you." She swallowed and shook her head yes. 

"I want to keep him happy." She was practically whispering. Her voice was raspy, not like the fake sultry voice she had put on in Jason's office earlier. 

"Good girl. Now lets put you in something that will make him hard the minute he sees you!" 

I took her up to my room and gave her an outfit to try on. I waited on my bed as she changed in the closet. I wasn't being completely honest with her. I did feel bad for her but I also wanted to put her in her place. I looked good and I wasn't that much older than she was. I was only 26 and I knew that Jason liked a girl that was experienced based off his face when Taylor sucked his cock. I wanted to show her that she wasn't the hottest thing in the world. I wanted to show her that he wanted me more and that she was just his plaything. But he probably would follow her around for the rest of the year if she learned a thing or two. 

Taylor came out wearing a schoolgirl uniform. I smiled a little, Jason is going to love this little bitch dressed like a slutty schoolgirl. The plaid skirt didn't cover her whole ass and you could see the tiny little g-string pulled above her hips. She wore black thigh-highs held up by a black garter. She had a tight white button-up shirt with no bra. She looked really good. Her long dark hair was down and hung to one side and the heels made her legs look longer, not that that was necessary. This girl had amazing legs and a perfect ass. It wasn't huge but it definitely wasn't small. A few months back I had seen her twerking in front of her boyfriend and the dance and she was really good at it. I walked up to her and unbuttoned a few of the buttons on her shirt. I wanted Jason to see she wasn't wearing a bra. Her nipples were dark and I could clearly see them through the shirt. 

"Better." I said "What do you think?" I turned her to look at herself in the mirror. She stuck her hip out, flipped her hair to one side and ran her fingers over her tits. 

"I look really fucking hot," she said biting her lip. 

It was almost 8:30 and I wanted her to be completely ready for Jason. The doorbell rang and I walked with Taylor to open it. Before she got to the door I stopped her.

"Listen, you need to do what I say and go with what I am doing. If you can't handle that you can sit in the corner and watch." She just stared at me "Wait. What?" I opened the door. Whatever she was thinking was washed away when she saw Jason. He looked incredible. He was wearing a nice pair of jeans and a white beater. He was so muscular and tan, and he just towered over the two of us. I don't think he could believe what was happening and he didn't know where to focus his eyes. They darted back and forth between Taylor and myself. 

"Oh my God. You girls look incredible." 

"Do you like it Mr. Hayes?" Taylor was playing with her skirt and pulling it up so he could see her tiny little g-string. I rolled my eyes, she was such an idiot. 

"Taylor why don't you go up stairs and wait for us. I'll be up in a second." I said. She looked at me and tilted her head. She gave me that "I'm going to kill you stare" and huffed. I walked over to Jason and touched his muscular chest. I slowly let my hand go lower and lower and she could see him getting hard. 

"Ya. Ok. I'm going up, fuck." I waited until she was up the stairs and around the corner before I turned to Jason. He was now rock hard. He grabbed me and pushed me up against the wall. He kissed me hard and his hands went for my tits. As I pushed them away he caught my hands and forced them over my head and against the wall. I moaned and had to cross my legs. This was ridiculous I practically dripping wet. 

"How bad do you want my tits in your face while she swallows your cock?" I whispered to him. He growled and let one of my hands go as his hand slid down to my pussy. I pushed back against him and escaped his grasp. 

"There's a bottle of wine in the fridge. Why don't you open it and meet us upstairs." I smiled as I talked. He watched me walk up the stairs before heading to the kitchen. 

Taylor was sitting on the bed with her legs crossed, leaning to the side so you could see her ass. 

"Are you nice and wet?" I asked her. 

"What!?" She quickly stood up. I stood in front of her and ran my fingers over the small piece of fabric covering her pussy. She quickly moved my hand away.

"You don't think this is the first thing he is going to do? You don't think he is going to want to check if you are ready for him. You've seen his cock trust me you want to be ready for him." She relaxed a little bit and sat back down on the bed. I sat next to her and put my hand on her thigh. She looked at me and then back down at my hand like she was waiting to see where it would go. I slowly moved my hand up her thigh until I reached her panties. I looked her in the eyes as I slid my finger underneath her panties and into her pussy. She immediately moaned and spread her legs. She was wet but not dripping wet. 

"Taylor, have you ever kissed another girl?" She shook her head no but started to rock her hips back and forth on my finger. I slid my thumb underneath her panties and started to rub her clit. 

"Mmmm Oh! God!" she moaned as she continued to rock back and forth. I pushed my other hand underneath her shirt and I felt her small tits for the first time. They were a little less than a handful and very firm. I cupped them and softly pinched her nipple. Her head shot up and her legs spread further apart as she began to kiss me. Her hand ran up the side of my body and cupped my tits. She moaned louder into my mouth. I could her Jason walking up the stairs so pulled my fingers out of her pussy and stood up. 

"Get on your knees." She obeyed without hesitation. "Good girl. Grab your heels and spread your knees apart." She looked great. Her tits were pressed against her shirt and you could almost see her soaked g-string. I leaned down and rubbed her tit inside of her shirt. "Lick my fingers clean." I held them a little too far from her face, but she reached out and began sucking on my fingers. She moaned as she licked and sucked her pussy off of my fingers. Just then Jason walked in with two glasses of wine. He had a huge smile on his face. "I think we are ready to teacher her how a little slut should suck cock." I said grabbing my wine glass from him. 

To be continued...