 Ch. 01. For Oncology Unit

This story and the characters are entirely fictitious, but gee I wish it were true. This story is to celebrate older and mature people having very enjoyable sex. To have the very best of sensual moments, one needs, besides a good partner, three things: Desire /Reason, Experience and Knowledge. These things are not really acquired before the age of 50 years.

My wife Marie contributed a great deal to this story, and this was greatly appreciated.

We also appreciate the help given in editing this story by Grammarly.

*****

The atmosphere in the room was gloomy. It was the fortnightly meeting of the Townsville Service Club and the news that a third member had recently been diagnosed with cancer and had to travel to another town for treatment cast a heavy pall over the meeting. 

"If only we had a treatment clinic here in Townsville we would be able to support our friends and their families while they are sick and I am sure that would help with recovery," said President Jamie. "Travelling all the way to the big city and not having family around must make the whole situation so much worse. I know that our New Zealand wide organisation has Cancer Lodges, and while it helps by having a home away from home environment, we could do more by having an oncology unit in Townsville."

"OK," said John, standing to his feet. "We are a Service Club. Raising funds for worthy causes is what we do. Why don't we really put our backs into it and get a clinic here at our own hospital? It will take a lot of doing and it will cost about $2 M dollars. Let's consult with the District Health Board, see just what is needed and then get into it. Come on guys we are big boys so, let's give it a go."

Ralph, of course, was immediately against it. He was the longest serving member of the club and resisted anything new being tried.

"Far too big a project for us. We have only 18 members, with three away already, and the current yearly projects, collecting for the Blind and the Hospice, take all our time. We would need far more people than that to raise enough money."

Ian was very much in favour. He was usually the first on the job at any project and the last to leave. Also, Ian's friend Peter had just been diagnosed with cancer, and he had been a particularly good guy and a hard worker as well, till this ailment struck. 

Ian said, "If we can't do it on our own, we will have to co-op more people. Perhaps even consider allowing women into the club. (gasps of horror from Ralph) I am sure our wives will come on board, and we can co-op local business people for special services. I am all for giving it a go. At least let us do a feasibility study and discuss it with anyone we can get to listen. There are all those people who have already done the trip to the big city for treatment with their families; we must ask them. Let's brain storm for ideas and make the next meeting a special project discussion."

At the following meeting, the discussion went as follows: "Ways to raise money are getting harder to find" contributed Rob. "The days of chopping firewood or mowing lawns for little old ladies are past, and we won't raise this amount of $2m by running raffles. We will need to find a prestigious person to sponsor us and get the backing of some serious money."

"You're right," said Trevor "And I know just where to get it. As you know, I run a lawn mowing business, and I have the contract to do the lawns and gardens for that new Gated Community on Highway 5. They are mostly widows and a few widowers, and with lots of, as you say, serious money. The newest resident is that Dame Whats-er-name who has retired from some high government position on a whopping great pension, and she is already becoming the Lady of the Community. She is a woman of the world. She was known for her entrepreneurship before she retired and we could get her on board before she finds any other interest in the town. With her, we would have a lot better chance of meeting our target."

"Great thinking, Trevor," said Jamie. "I will find how to contact her tomorrow and we will get this boat on the road or something. Now to other business."

True to his word, Jamie got to see Dame Judy the next day and found her to be a delightfully mature, tall upright red head with an amazing figure, B sized tits and long slim legs cased in skin-tight jeans. She invited him into her complex and offered him coffee. She listened attentively to his presentation and then asked what the Club expected of her. 

Jaime said, "Your approval. Your encouragement. Your advice. We are suggesting hiring out our fit members and some helpers as mature escorts for a good sized donation. As you well know, sex sells. We need your interest and help with selling the idea to the people of Townsville so we can raise the money for an Oncology unit. Would you kindly consent to be our Patron?"

Judy laughed. "Well said," she chortled. "I am a woman of the world, and I like your wild ideas. Raise a committee of really keen people. No nay-sayers. Let me know where and when and we will get this show on the road."

Jaimie concurred "Yes, it's a show, not a boat that we get on the road. I'll be in touch. I must remember that saying."

At the first meeting of the newly formed committee, Jamie introduced Dame Judy to the others and suggested she should take the chair. Judy had obviously become enthralled by the project, had thought a lot about it and had lots of ideas. 

"This is going to be a lot of money," she said, "and we must keep the records straight right from the start. With your permission, I will contact the Bank and start a trust fund in the name of our project. The bank manager is a friend of mine, and I am sure if I sit on his knee and squirm around for a while, he will make us a good donation to open the account. Now, I have already put out a few feelers round my friends, and there are several who are thinking up a bucket list of services and places they would like to attend, and they would be willing to make a good donation if their pleasures are met. The donations must be kept strictly confidential and will be made by direct credit to the Trust Account. Some of the ladies have expressed a desire to have a nice man escort them out to dinner, and are willing to pay the evening expenses and a good donation to our cause. This idea could snowball as the word goes out, and it is up to you guys to make sure each of the ladies has a good time and that you meet all their needs, including servicing. The better the service, the bigger the donation. Now, who is in favour?"

There was silence for a few minutes, and then Ian gave a raucous guff, and said "I will have to ask my wife Liz, but I am sure she will go along for the cause, plus perhaps there is a lonely bachelor who would like to take her out to dinner, and I will donate if she is made happy." A unanimous agreement followed. 

"Right," said Judy, "I will start a list of names and requirements of clients, and it will be up to the Service club committee to find an appropriate "date" for each client. We must keep our standards very high and give real service as we want real donations.

So before we start, we must make up a set of rules so that every person is satisfied and there are no broken marriages or relationships.

• This Libido Fund Raiser will run for six months as we are raising a lot of money; $2.m total

• All escort meetings are discreet and confidential, and guys make sure you do not pass any information to any other person.

• Divorced and single men pose no problems. 

• Married men must present an agreement from their wives that they are happy for their menfolk to be escorts with all that entails. I have drawn up that agreement. All the wives have to do is sign it.

• No one is to arrange any assignations on the side. We do not need any relationship breakups or scandal.

• Donations will be confidential, and the person giving escort duties shall not know the value of each donation. All the committee will know is the total value in the bank.

• Each escort will arrange a convenient time off from their work to fit in with their duties. 

• Clients will pay all expenses plus their donation."

Dame Judy then added, "Maybe there could be the odd gentleman who needs an escort, so I hope a few wives will step up into this roll. All in all, this is not a problem as I am sure that all who participate will have a mind-blowing experience as well as something else blown, besides I will also take part."

Dame Judy called some of her friends together for a coffee morning and presented the idea forward to the girls.

"Girls, how do you feel about this idea? 

Our local Townsville Service club is raising funds for a new Oncology ImmunoTherapy Unit at our local Townsville hospital. It will be a lot of fun for everyone if you agree. I know that most of us are widows and all of us do not get much sex for one reason or another, but our local Service Club is running an escort service for older folk and promise that they will take you to any evening or outing of your choice, including away for a weekend or if required a week, all with the full service of your choice"  

Myrtle put her hand up and asked: "How will this make money for the Service Club?" 

Dame Judy then handed out a copy of the rules to each person at the meeting. 

She then stated "We are all well off and for a great experience I am sure that any person going on one of these excursions will, if fully satisfied, give a great anonymous donation to the cause. This would be by direct credit so that no one knows who has given it. While the guys cannot talk about their experiences, we ladies can compare notes, if anyone wishes and this could be fun to discuss between ourselves during happy hour, and it would be a great talking point."

Dame Judy also added, "if any person has a husband, and he is agreeable to this project, some of the service club members' wives and partners will accommodate them I am sure."

Dame Judy then asked who would be in on this experience. Janice tentatively put her hand up, a general discussion ensued, and Betty asked if the meeting could be adjourned for a week so that all the ladies could think about it. Dame Judy agreed with the proviso that a week was all she could give them because the service club members needed an answer, as time was of the essence.

The following week our ladies assembled for a coffee morning. Five extra ladies were attending and one woman had dropped out. Some of the ladies had discussed the project with friends, finding a lot of interest, but some voiced a fear of outsiders hearing gossip although they wanted to be part of the project. 

Dame Judy said, "At our age are you balancing a great time against a bit of gossip? Do not worry about it. I'm not."

With that Dame Judy took the vote by a show of hands, resulting in a unanimous vote to go with the flow. The meeting dissolved into an excited babble of voices, each woman talking about what they may expect. 

Dame Judy called the meeting to order, and gleefully said, "Let's get this show on the road."

The next part of our story tells how everyone enjoyed their great experiences. We will come back to the narrator as required.