 Taylor was on her knees. Her legs were spread and her tits strained against her shirt as she grabbed the heels of her stilettos. I stood next to Jason and placed my hand on his cock. 

"Do you want this?" I said as I started to rub it. Taylor nodded her head yes and looked seductively as Jason. 

I smiled, "that's a good little slut. Now crawl over here." Taylor let her heels go and slowly crawled in front of Jason. I moved in between the two of them before she reached him so she was kneeling in front of my ass. I started to kiss him and let his hands slide down my body and squeeze my ass. I knew that Taylor had a nice view and as Jason squeezed, my dress lifted showing her my panties that laced up the back. I continued to rub his hard cock as I kissed him. Taylor was huffing behind me, starved for attention. I pulled Jason's shirt up and he assisted in pulling it over his head. I let go of Jason and stepped back a bit. 

"Undo his belt and take off his shoes," I ordered Taylor. She happily complied, giving him a look of faked innocence. "Now take off his pants and rub his big hard cock." Jason looked up and smiled at me as Taylor helped him step out of his jeans. His face became serious and he moaned as she grasped his cock through his boxer briefs. He kept his eye contact with me and pet her head. I knew what he wanted. I knelt down beside Taylor and instructed her to pull down his boxers. Jason quickly stepped out of them and rubbed his unconstrained cock. 

"Mr. Hayes was not very happy about your performance today at school Taylor. That might have worked with the boys you have been with before, but you need to learn how to properly suck a man's cock." Taylor shot me a look as if to tell me I was being a bitch. I guess she wasn't very compliant unless she had something in her pussy. I decided to take a different approach.

"And Mr. Hayes needs to be punished for his behavior earlier." I grabbed his cock with both hands and started to jerk him off. I looked up at him as I said, "he needs to be teased and learn how to please his sluts." Jason smiled at me; he knew I was referring to the last time we fucked. I raised my eyebrow and released his cock. 

"Wrap your hand around the back of his thigh and hold his cock with your other." Taylor quickly obeyed and smirked up at him. 

"Now tease him." Taylor immediately stuck his dick in her mouth and started to bob up and down. Not even half of it fit in her mouth. I rolled my eyes and stuck my hand into her shirt. I pinched her nipple hard until her mouth popped off of him. 

"Oww!" 

"Taylor that's not teasing. That's trying to imitate something you saw in a movie, because you think that's what will make him happy." I took Jason's cock out of her hands and slowly started to move my hand up and down, mostly just to wipe off her slobber. I sat higher on my knees and stared up at him. I let his cock rub against my tits as I moved my hand up and down. He let out a soft moan. I lightly gripped the base of his cock and lowered myself back down. I kissed the tip of his dick and then slowly licked it up and down. I then cupped and massaged his balls as I licked him again and again. Finally I placed my mouth over the head of his cock and sucked it in and then back out. He let out a groan this time and ran his fingers though the back of my hair. He held my head put he didn't pull my mouth onto his cock. Again I put the head back into my mouth and swallowed more of it this time. I did this again and again until I had his entire cock down my throat. I slowly moved my head up and down on his cock letting it slide almost all the way out of my mouth and letting it slide all the way back in. I tilted my head slightly every other time so my tongue could massage his shaft and I squeezed his ass as I pulled him deeper into my mouth. I moaned while he was in my throat so he could feel the vibrations. I could taste pre-cum and decided it was time for Taylor to try.

"Now you try, just like I did." I watched her do the same as I did and I guided her head back and forth. She was kneeling so I positioned myself behind her and slipped my hand through her legs. I tickled her clit through her wet panties so she moaned on Jason's cock and took it deeper into her throat. 

I was already getting tired of being dominant. This was never my role; in fact I didn't even like it that much. I just wanted Jason to take me hard. I wanted him to tell me what to do and what he liked. I wanted him to rip off my clothes and do whatever he wanted to me. I stood up and took a few steps back from them. It was really hot to watch him get his cock sucked by another girl. I started playing with my tits, rubbing them and squeezing my nipples through my dress. Jason watched intently. I pulled my dress down so my tits were out but I played with them so he couldn't see them. He was rougher with Taylor than with me. He held onto her head with both hands and started to fuck her throat as he watched me. She was gagging and I decided to put a stop to it. 

I adjusted my top and took Taylor's hand. She stood up and I pulled her panties off before I walked her to the bed. I think she was happy to get a break from Jason pounding her throat. I had her lying on her back in the middle of the bed. I crawled onto the bed and situated myself between her legs. I arched my back and stuck my ass out knowing Jason would have the perfect view of my ass and covered pussy. 

"Take your shirt off," I told Taylor. I wanted Jason to have his pick of what he wanted to play with. He could have both my ass and her tits. I stuck a finger into her dripping pussy and used two other fingers to reveal her clit. I began to slowly finger fuck her while I made little circles around her clit with my tongue. Taylor moaned and arched her back. I alternated between licking her clit up and down and then in circles. I didn't care how she liked it, this is how I liked it and I wanted her to learn what to do. 

Jason came up behind me and squeezed my ass. He slipped his hand in between my legs and rubbed my pussy through my panties. It felt so good to have him touch me and I moaned and rocked back and forth on his fingers. He removed his hand and got closer behind me. His fingers were replaced by his cock. Jason grabbed my hips and let me grind on him. I had completely stopped paying attention to Taylor and my fingers were now gripping the sheets instead of fucking her pussy. I quickly sat up on my knees to rub my pussy against his cock. Jason's hands went straight for my tits and practically ripped my dress off of them so he could get the perfect handful. 

He suddenly pushed me back onto my hands and knees and ripped the string that laced my panties up the back. He forcefully pulled them down to my knees. I sprang back up so he could play with my tits again. I wanted that lustful aggression he got when he touched them. He growled in my ear, "I need to be inside of you. I want your tight little pussy around my cock." He pushed his cock against me almost sliding it into my pussy. 

"Oh fuck baby, do you feel how wet I am for you?" I moaned back. I was about to beg him to fuck me when I saw Taylor. I knew she wouldn't be happy unless she got to fuck him too. I stopped Jason and guided him onto the bed next to Taylor. She immediately started to stroke his cock. 

"I think we have tortured Mr. Hayes enough, Taylor. Why don't you show him how a slutty school girl fucks her teacher." By this point all Taylor had on was her stockings, garter and heels. She positioned herself on top of Jason and slowly started to slide her pussy onto his cock. You could tell he was completely filling her up, but her pussy was dripping wet and ready for him. 

"Oh God, Mr. Hayes you're so much bigger than the boys I've been with," Taylor moaned as she started to ride his cock. I stood at the side of the bed next to Jason.

"Take your dress off. Let me see those big tits," he said in between grunts. 

I complied, letting my dress slide off of me. I leaned over his face and he hungrily sucked my tits. 

"You like that don't you baby. You like my big tits in your face while a little slut rides your cock." Jason was really into it. I pushed my tits into his face and he grabbed onto Taylors hips and made her fuck him harder. It probably wouldn't have taken Taylor very long to cum but I needed it so bad and I was afraid Jason would cum soon. I left Jason's side and straddled his leg, positioning myself behind Taylor. I pinched her nipples and rubbed her clit in circles. I grabbed her hair and pulled her ear closer to me. 

"Cum on his cock. Show Mr. Hayes what a good slut you are." This pushed Taylor over the edge. She grabbed onto my leg and leaned back further and started to ride him faster. 

"I'm gonna cum. I oh God Mr. Hayes I'm gonna cum!" She arched her back and grabbed her tits as I held her up. She was so tight Jason almost slid out of her when she came. She continued to fuck him slowly for a few seconds, but Jason remained still. He gave Taylor a second or two before he lifted her off of him. His cock was glistening with her cum. 

"Taylor get on the floor. On your knees," I commanded. She listened and in a daze knelt on the floor. Jason moved to the end of the bed. 

"Lick your cum off his cock." Taylor licked his cock up and down until Jason pulled her off of him. She slumped back into the bed in a complete daze. 

Jason and I stood with him behind me at the foot of the bed as he kissed the back of my neck and massaged my tits. 

"How do you want me, Mr. Hayes," I asked as I arched my back allowing my ass to grind against his cock. Jason pushed me toward the bed without saying a word. I seductively crawled onto the bed. I spread my legs and as I looked back at him I leaned forward so he could see my pussy. Jason grabbed hold of my ass and pulled me onto his cock. He pushed into me slowly, letting me feel every inch. I moaned loudly and tried to push back but he held me in place. Once he was all the way in he let me fuck his cock. I was grinding against him letting my pussy slide up and down. 

"How long have you been thinking about this? How bad have you wanted me to ride you cock?" I said as I slid up on his cock. He grabbed my hips and pulled me back onto his cock hard 

"Ohh fuck!" He did it again and again before he climbed onto the bed behind me. He grabbed my tits and pulled me up straight. He grabbed my throat and tilted me back to meet him. 

"No how bad have you wanted this?" He fucked me harder. "I know what you need baby," he whispered into my ear. "You want to be fucked like Taylor. You need me to take you like the little slut you are." He was grunting now and I was so hot with lust I could barely see. 

"What if I don't let my little slut cum? What if I just cum right now." He lightly tightened his grip on my throat. "Maybe I should tease you. Ya? Would you like that," he grunted into my ear as he fucked me faster. I could feel he was getting ready to cum, his cock was massive inside me. I started to panic a bit.

"No baby please don't stop. Please let me cum on your cock." I was begging him but it came out as a whisper. I was about to cum whether he allowed me to or not. 

"That's a good little slut. Beg me. Beg me to let you cum."

"Please Jason, oh God please." I was trying to hold back for him. I wanted to be obedient for him. He pushed into me hard and deep.

"Cum with me Alexia." He commanded. I could feel him cumming inside of me. I could feel every drop fill me up and I came hard. My pussy pulsed around his cock as I slowly rocked against him. 

He stayed inside of me, lying side by side on the bed as my orgasm subsided. When he pulled out of me I could already feel my pussy tingling for more. 

Jason stood up and walked to the side of the bed where Taylor was laying. He leaned over and sucked her nipple until it was hard. She moaned in her sleep. He slid his finger over her clit and she spread her legs for him. I remembered my vow to make her lick my clit tonight. Jason walked toward the bathroom and turned. 

"Wake her up. Tell her to call home and say she's staying with a friend tonight. You girls had your fun. I'm in charge now."