 I woke up the next day with a banging head and a mouth like sandpaper and it took me several minutes just to open my eyes to the world outside. It was dark in my room but I could see light creeping in around the edge of my curtains so I knew I must be at least mid-morning as the sun doesn't rise early at this time of year. Groggily I dragged myself up and reached over to the clock, clumsily pulling it off the bedside table. 

"Shit" I cursed and fell back onto my pillow, every movement sending shockwaves through my head. "Really must stop drinking so much," I mumbled, knowing full well that once I'd recovered I would forget all about this discussion I was having with myself and that beer always tasted good again after a few days. 

I rolled onto my front and draped an arm over the bed, fumbling around blindly until I managed to get hold of the clock and pull it up to where I could see it. The red LED display shone brightly and as I looked at it through half open eyes I could just about me out a couple of ones. 'Eleven o'clock,' I thought. 'Not too bad,' but as my focus improved and the blur started to disappear I blinked hard and stared at the clock again until I could clearly see the display reading 1:15pm.

I couldn't remember the last time I had slept passed noon as I had developed a habit of waking up at the crack of dawn even after a heavy night. I tried to will away the fuzz and piece together what happened last night at Laura's birthday celebrations, but I could feel each thought ripping through my head like someone stabbing me from the inside so I just fell back into my pillow and lay there for several minutes until the worst of it had passed.

I swung my legs out over the bed and was surprised to realise I was naked. Ever since I had been living with a flatmate I had been sleeping in a pair of boxers so that I'm not fumbling around in the dark to find a pair if I need to go to the bathroom in the night. I figured I must have pulled them off last night with my jeans and was thankful that my bedroom door was shut or Laura would've got a shock if she'd walked by.

I grabbed a pair of shorts from my drawer and pulled them on before heading out into the landing. As soon as I opened the bedroom door the sunlight streaming in from the skylight pierced my eyes and wracked my head. Squinting against the daylight I made my way downstairs and was glad to find the blinds still down in the living area as I headed into the kitchen and after washing down two Nurofen with a glass of water I made my way to the living room couch. 

As I was lying there waiting for the drugs to kick in and ease my suffering I could hear movement from the floor above indicating that Laura was awake as well, although judging from the stumbling around I could hear, she must have been in a similar state to me. After a few minutes I could hear the distinct sound of her footsteps coming down the stairs. I didn't even look up from my prone position but I saw a movement out of the corner of my eye and then the tap in the kitchen was running again and I figured that she couldn't have been up long either as she was also fixing herself a hangover remedy.

"Big night, huh?" was all I managed to get out and Laura's reply was equally as pained. 

"If you say so. I don't remember anything after Tony and Sarah left."

"Yeah, I'm struggling to piece together what happened as well," I said. "Right now, I'm struggling just to open my eyes actually."

Laura grunted something in response and started to head out of the living area and back upstairs. As she left I decided that heading back to bed was probably a good idea and I slowly lifted myself into a seated position and turned my head towards the door. As I did so I caught sight of Laura heading up the stairs and was surprised to see that all she had on was an oversized jumper and I could see the curve of her arse swaying as she reached the last step.

I felt a twinge in my shorts and suddenly my imagination was running wild with thoughts of Laura in my room, of her in lacy underwear that matched the brilliance of her blue eyes, of her playing with my dick with her hands and mouth, and of me cumming all over her face while she just smiled back at me. My dick was stirring as I fought to forget the images; she was my flatmate and one of my best friends and yet I couldn't get rid of the dirty thoughts in my head. I figured I must have watched some porn when I got home the night before and now my brain was now muddling up those images with the snippets from her birthday drinks that I could remember. Still, I had to admit that I did like the small glimpse I just had of her firm cheeks as she departed for her room.

I shook my head and heaved myself up out of the couch and slowly plodded up the stairs and back to the sanctity of my bed, but when I got to the top of the stairs I heard a loud thud and turned towards Laura's room and noticed that her door was still ajar. I made my way to her room to make sure that she was ok and was relieved to see that she had just collapsed onto her bed and knocked a book and her now empty water bottle onto the floor. 

As I stood in her doorway about to leave my eyes wandered from the items on the floor to her bed and up her legs to where he jumper had ridden up giving me a tantalising view of the fine curve of her arse as it stuck half way out from her limited clothing. Again my dick twitched and I could feel it slowly growing in my shorts while yet more thoughts filled my brain, this time of her warm mouth around my dick and another of my cum pooling between her tits. I snapped myself out of my trance and headed back to my room before my dick got so hard that I had to take care of it and made a mental note not to stop watching porn after a night out unless I was sure I wasn't going to pass out before wanking off.

I was asleep in minutes once I was in the comfort of my bed and when I woke again at around 6:00pm I was feeling refreshed and with a clear head, but in desperate need of a shower. I opened my curtains, turned on the radio and as I walked across the landing to the bathroom I realised that Laura must have left before I woke up as the house was silent except for the music emanating from my room and the sound of my own footsteps. Once I had showered I lay back on my bed looking out of the window at the changing colours of the sky as the sunset illuminated the wall above my desk until the last rays of light has disappeared and the room was once dark once again. 

The clarity in my mind had returned but I still could not remember much from the night before, my thoughts replaced instead by the jumble of seemingly distant memories and the images of the porn that I had watched when I got back. I was just hoping that I didn't make a complete fool of myself in front of Amy as although I couldn't be sure what was real and what was a dream I could definitely remember the moment she walked into the bar and my balls began to tighten at the sight. I was certain that I would have had too much to drink and said or done something to embarrass her in an attempt to play it cool so I just prayed that the damage wasn't too bad and she wouldn't avoid me at the gym. Just the thought of her in those yoga pants and sports bra clinging to her tight, tanned body gleaming with sweat began to turn me on and it was all I could do to turn my attention back to filling in the blank spots from last night. 

As I sat there mulling over the jigsaw in my mind I noticed the soft glow of my computer's power light now visible in the darkness of my room. I must have left it on last night and it had obviously gone into sleep mode because my screen was black. I got off my bed and went over to my desk picking up a few items of clothing off the floor; my trainers, jeans, shirt, boxers and a shirt that I didn't recognise and threw them all into the laundry basket before taking a seat at my desk and reaching for the mouse.

I shook the mouse to wake up my computer and after a few seconds it opened up onto the photo album on my cloud account and my dick immediately sprang to attention and my head started to spin. In front of me in full colour HD were several photos of Amy in positions I could only dream of; bent over in front of me showing her tight arse, leaning into me exposing her amazing cleavage and then facing me with her legs spread and dress hitched up her legs, a wet patch clearly visible on her pink G-string. 

I stared intently at each one of the photos taking in every detail as my mind started to catch up with the rest of now hard cock. Slowly but surely I began to remember more and more details from Laura's birthday drinks the night before; how Amy had been flirty with me and accidentally shown me her arse and how she had rubbed her tits up against me as she bend over to put the cake on the table. Then I'd had the idea to take photos of everyone under the pretence of being for an album for Laura just so that I could snap a few shots of Amy in that amazing dress she had on but it had been Laura messing around that had got Amy to bend over for the photos. But then what? Had Laura left? Yes, that's right, Laura had gone to the bathroom and that's when Amy had spread her legs for me and shown me how wet she was. And she had stayed that way just staring at me for how long, maybe three, four minutes? Just sitting, looking into my eyes as more liquid leaked out of her pussy soaking the fabric pulled across it.

My mind raced and despite my dick straining to get out from my towel I left it alone as I focused on remembering the rest of the evening. Laura had returned from the bathroom and Amy was weird with me the rest of the night and Laura had said she would go home with her first to make sure she was OK before heading back here. I vaguely remembered getting back on my own and the beer I'd found in my room earlier showed I'd had at least one more, but why was it in my room? That's right, I had come up to look at the photos from the evening and come across the ones of Amy. And then? 

My mind suddenly unravelled as the fog lifted and all of last night's events came flooding back. I hadn't dreamt it, I hadn't imagined it and I hadn't watched porn when I got back at all. It was real, the images that had filled my head earlier. Laura.

I turned my attention back to my computer and the final picture I had taken of Amy, the close up of her pussy soaked G-string and hovered the mouse over the next arrow when I was struck with an unexpected feeling. Was it fear? It certainly felt like it, but what was I afraid of exactly? If the photos I remembered taking of Laura weren't there and it turned out I'd been fantasising about her? Or if the photos were there and we, or more exactly, she, had done all the things I now remembered?

I sat there staring at Amy's pussy lips bulging against the thread of her underwear for what felt like an eternity, but not really taking it in when suddenly I heard the click of the mouse and the screen changed before I even realised what I had done. Now, instead of Amy's pink underwear straining against her pussy, it was Laura's blue G-string disappearing between the cheeks of her arse that had my undivided attention.

I thought my dick was going to explode as it pushed and strained to get out and I reached down and undid my towel so I was sitting their naked while I studied the photo in front of me as if my life depended on it. I clicked next and saw Laura bending further over pushing her arse even higher and then next again and it was a close up of her arse, her cheeks filling my screen as her crack swallowed her G-string. My dick swung in the air but still I didn't touch myself as my brain struggled to comprehend what I was seeing, all the thoughts that had filled my head earlier today were real and yet I still couldn't believe it. Gone was my flatmate of two years, the girl I felt protective of and for who I had an almost brotherly love for and in her place was a sexual deviant who posing on my screen and loving it.

The next photo made my cock twitch and throb as it showed Laura reaching behind her and pulling her butt cheeks apart exposing the outside of her tight little sphincter. I stared open mouthed at the sight in front of me, my flatmate's amazing arse spread before me, her dark brown hole contrasting with the pale skin of her cheeks with just a thin stretch of electric blue string stopping me from seeing her open arsehole and her pussy in all their glory.

I clicked next again and now my screen was taken up by Laura's eyes looking up at me with her mouth full of my hard cock as she took me into her mouth, her red lips spread around the shaft of my dick with only a couple of inches left for her to take in. The next photo showed strings of saliva dangling between my spit covered cock and Laura's beautiful full lips as she pulled back off of me and as soon as I saw it may hand went to my dick and I started to wank myself off. A couple of clicks later and I was stroking my cock faster and faster while Laura's cum covered face stared back at me on my screen while she sucked her fingers dry. The last few photos were ones she had taken herself; pouting at the camera as the cum dripped down her face and by now my hand was a blur. When I got to the last photo of Laura licking her lips seductively as cum dribbled into her mouth I leaned back in my chair and was wanking fervently as wads of cum flew from my cock splashing my chest and stomach until my balls were completely drained and I lay there breathing hard as my dick finally began to soften. 

It was only after I had recovered and cleaned myself up that I was suddenly aware of what was happening, or more accurately I was aware that I had no idea at all what was actually happening. Laura had told me earlier that she couldn't remember anything about the night before after Tony and Sarah left but then neither did I at the time. What did she remember now? 

She knew that I was still obsessing over Amy and that's probably why she encouraged those photos, if only to tease me, but this was different and I was torn between confronting her about what happened and keeping quiet. With Amy it was pure lust, I mean she was a nice girl as well but I didn't know her well enough for it to be anything else but with Laura there were genuine feelings; I felt protective of her as a friend and we have grown close over the last couple of years and I didn't want to do anything to hurt her or lose our friendship.

I was still wrestling with my thoughts when I heard the front door open as Laura returned from wherever she had been and was now walking around downstairs. I turned off my computer and sat in the darkness for a few minutes, willing myself to make a decision when the silence was broken by Laura calling up the stairs. 

"Dave, you in?"

I coughed and cleared my throat "Yeah, up here," I replied, my voice wavering.

"Then get your arse down here and help me unpack this lot. I have Thai food if you're hungry?"

I had to admit I was ravenous and while I still hadn't decided what to do I knew my stomach had made its mind up "Ok, just a minute while I get some clothes on," I called back down.

I grabbed a pair of board shorts and a baggy t-shirt and made my way down the stairs as my mind whirled imagining every possible way that this would go badly. I stopped just shy of the hallway and looked in the mirror at my own ragged reflection, worry etched across my face as my palms grew sweaty and I could feel myself getting hot. I took a few deep breathes and tried to calm down before turning the corner into the living room.

"Whoa Dave, you look like shit! Still feeling the effects of last night?" Laura asked as I made my way into the kitchen to help.

"Yeah, something like that," I replied unable to look her in the eye. 

"Well, this should help, I know how much you love Thai," she smiled and handed me a couple of take away containers and ushered me over to the table. She wasn't acting how I had imagined, she wasn't embarrassed or nervous and she wasn't uncomfortable around me. She was happy. She was. Well, she was normal. I put the containers on the table and fetched a couple of glasses and a big jug of water for us both before taking a seat and looking up to see Laura coming over with another container.

"About last night," I started, not even sure where I was going with this, "when we got back from the bar."

"Man, I still don't remember a thing," Laura laughed as she sat down. "Why, what happened? Oh god, did I embarrass myself?"

"Oh, er, nothing," I blurted out a little too quickly, "I mean I don't know. That's what I was going to say, I was wondering if anything had come back to you yet?"

"I see, nope, nothing from me either. I haven't blacked out like that since my teens!" she said with a big smile causing her cheeks to dimple. "Must have been one hell of a night?"

"Yeah, I suppose it must have," I replied as I slowly started to relax. If Laura couldn't remember anything I wasn't going to ruin what we had between us over a drunken encounter, I valued our friendship too much to create any weirdness between us, especially as it wasn't like we could avoid each other while living together. And besides, I always had the photos if I ever needed them and a small smile started to spread across my face.

"The foods already working on you," Laura joked as she opened up the containers, "that's the first time I've seen you smile today."

"First time I've had the energy to," I replied sarcastically. "Now, what did you get us?"

The smell of the food filled my nostrils as the lids were lifted off and I soon forgot about the worries of the last hour as the flavours from Tom Yum soup, chicken Pad Thai and beef Massaman filled my mouth and it was all I concentrated on until my appetite was supressed and I couldn't eat another thing. Once we had put away the rubbish and washed the plates I fell onto the couch with a cold beer as Laura sat in the armchair across from me.

"You sure you're gonna be able to handle that?" she asked me as I took a swig from the bottle "you looked pretty wrecked before dinner!"

"I'm sure one won't hurt," I replied and we both fell into silence, just sitting there enjoying each other's company without having to fill the air with forced conversation. Eventually though I began to wonder where she had been all day if she hadn't been ignoring me as I had earlier feared.

"So, what were you up to this afternoon?" I asked as casually as I could.

"Shopping!" she replied, beaming back at me as she reached around the side of the chair and pulled out half a dozen bags. "I've been saving for a while so I thought I would treat myself for my birthday," and she proceeded to tip out the contents of the bags onto the floor. Clothes spilled out everywhere along with perfume, jewellery, make up, a black rimmed photo frame and a few other trinkets that I didn't even know what they were.

"Jesus Laura, how long were you saving for?" 

"Unlike you, I can find bargains and besides, girls stuff always costs less than boys so don't ruin it for me," she teased. "Now, this is for general every day wear, these things here are for work, this is for lazy days around the house and these two are for going out," she proceeded to hold up several items of clothing that I couldn't really tell apart from one another. "And you know I always like bracelets, and a girl can never have too much make up and-"

My attention span was waning but I found myself smiling at her enthusiasm and seeing her so happy made me feel good.

"- and these," she said as she picked up a couple of small boxes that looked like they could contain children's shoes from the size of them. "Well, you don't need to know about everything I brought," and then she looked up. "What is it? Why are you smiling like that?" 
