 Monday morning came around and I dragged myself out of bed feeling physically and mentally exhausted after the events of the weekend but I couldn't afford to throw a sickie as work was already piling up on my desk. As I opened my bedroom door I could hear the shower running, so realising Laura must have beaten me to it I headed downstairs to fix some breakfast. 

I still couldn't really get my head around what had happened between me and Laura over the last couple of days but I was at a loss as to how to approach it with her. Saturday night could be put down to alcohol and the feel good factor of her birthday but last night we were both sober and yet she had still snuck into my room and handcuffed me to my bed while I was asleep. And that's before I even thought about the things she did.

I did have genuine feelings for her as we had grown so close over the last two years since she began renting my spare room but I always assumed these were purely platonic on both our parts. The last thing I wanted to do was upset her but how could it be avoided? If she had other feelings for me I didn't want to hurt her by telling her it was purely physical but then if that's all it was to her I didn't want to scare her by telling her I had feelings for her. 

I was still wrestling with my thoughts as I sat on one of the bar stools aimlessly poking my cereal around the bowel when I heard footsteps at the bottom of the stairs and when I turned around I was shocked to see Laura looking so sexy for a day in the office. Normal work attire for her was a pair of smart trousers and a blouse or occasionally she would wear a full suit if she had a big presentation. Today she looked unreal as she stood there before me wearing a crisp white shirt that had the first three buttons unfastened providing me with a great view of her tits that were pushed up and together, which was paired with a tight short skirt that clung to her firm arse that led the eye down her legs to a pair of red high heels that added a couple of inches to her short frame. All this was topped off with bright red lipstick on her soft lips while her hair was tied up in a bun, strands cascading down the side of her face and her brilliant blue eyes were framed by large rectangular glasses.

"Fucking hell Laura, you trying to give the boss a hard on?" 

She simply stepped towards me and smiled causing my dick to stir despite the mental torment I was going through. 

"Laura-" I began to speak but she held a finger against my lips with one hand while the other stroked and massaged my cock through my shorts.

"Shhhhh." 

And then there was silence as she took both her hands to my shorts and pulled them down my legs until I was sitting on the stool with just my t-shirt on as she began to fondle my balls. Her eyes lit up as my cock grew before her as she played with my balls, squeezing them gently and tickling my sack and the bottom of my shaft until I was at full length.

Once my dick was hard she got onto he knees and began to stroke it slowly up and down, marvelling at it as the enlarged head appeared with each downward stroke as she pulled my foreskin down to my balls before returning it to the top, hiding the head once more. She maintained this slow, blissful handjob while my balls churned as the feelings inside me grew and not once did she say a word or even look up at me, she just remained staring at my cock while it was just inches from her face. Last night she was acting like a dirty little slut who got off on talking to me; telling me how wet she was and that she was going to make me cum and how she loved it knowing I was watching her get herself off and yet this morning she seemed fascinated by my cock, as if she had never seen one before in her life as she studied each twitch and spasm that it made.

As she stroked it up and down she would tighten and then loosen her grip so that she created a pulsing feeling as she wanked me off so slowly I thought she would be at it for days. She took her hand from my balls and pressed gently but firmly against my perineum and suddenly I felt my balls tighten as shockwaves ran through my cock and a small splattering of precum formed at the slit in my head. 

"Oh fuck Laura that feels so good. I love it."

Laura looked at me and shook her head "nu huh, no talking," she whispered before turning her attention back to my dick.

She continued to alternate between rubbing my balls and massaging my perineum with one hand while she rubbed the head of my dick with the thumb of her other hand, covering it with the fluid that seeped out of the top every time I felt the pressure near my arse. I couldn't believe the feelings that rattled through me whenever she pushed her hand against me and I could feel my arsehole twitching as her fingers edged closer. As she continued to stroke me up and down as slowly as she could, small drops of cum started oozing from the top of my cock and as it did Laura gleefully rubbed it into my head.

"Oh fuck me Laura, I'm gonna cum," and my cock started throbbing but instead of the huge streams of creamy white spunk that Laura had been drawing out of me over the weekend, an almost watery liquid continued to trickle out of the head of my cock where Laura greedily massaged it along my shaft. 

"Oh fuck Laura. Faster. Make me cum."

The cum dripped out of my shuddering cock in a slow, continuous stream but there was no feeling of relief as I was left constantly teetering on the edge. It felt like I was always on the brink of cumming but couldn't quite get there as all the nerves in my cock were on fire, that almost painful feeling that arrives just before the glorious sensation of the final release, only this time there was no release.

"Fucking hell. Please Laura. Wank me off, I'm so close!" I pleaded.

But Laura ignored me, instead taking several seconds to run her hand down my cock and several more to slide it back up again bringing my foreskin with it until it covered my head and then began the slow journey back down to my balls again. I started to move my hips to try to fuck her hand but she just relaxed her grip and shook her head until I stopped and then she went back to the tortuous pleasure she was giving me. 

My legs started to shake and I could feel a tremor rising up within my entire body as the sensations grew in intensity until I was almost crying with pleasure as every inch of my cock was now covered in the juice that had leaked out of the head of my cock as Laura moved her hands along my length.

"Ahhh, fuck Laura. Oh my god. Oh fucking hell I can't take it. Make me cum. Please. Please make me cum!"

I could hear the desperation in my voice as I wavered on the brink of passing out from the sensations as Laura's hands continued to creep up and down my rock hard cock. Laura grinned and interlocked her fingers as she began using both hands to gently caress all around the head of my cock while she continued her slow movements up and down as if she was trying to squeeze the cum out of me like a tube of toothpaste. 

"Ahhhh. Oh my god" I was desperate for relief from the painful pleasure I was receiving as it felt like a thousand tiny needles were pressing into the head of my raging cock. "It's so fucking sensitive. I need to cum Laura. Fuck. Yessss. Oh god I can feel it. Oh fuck. Fuck yes. I'm gonna cum."

She removed one hand from my cock and applied pressure to my perineum again whilst she continued to squeeze and release the head of my cock until suddenly my insides burst and my trembling cock erupted.

"Urghhhhhhhhh!" 

Laura stopped moving her hands and just held my cock, squeezing lightly against the tip as it throbbed back against her fingers and two long torrents of watery cum squirted out of me shooting passed my face and over my shoulder, followed by a third and a fourth hitting me under my chin and splashing against my t-shirt as she continued to squeeze it out of the head of my cock.

I grabbed hold of the breakfast bar to stop myself from toppling over as my dick continued to gush and my eyes rolled backwards in their sockets as I almost blacked out from the intensity of my orgasm. I was still sitting there several seconds later with my eyes closed, breathing hard when I felt Laura standing next to me and then I felt her wet tongue on my face as she licked up the cum from my chin and down into the nape of my neck where it had started to run.

"Thanks for breakfast Dave," she whispered and with that she turned on her heels, picked up her bag and was out of the front door before I could even respond as my cock still twitched while the rest of my body slowly began to come back to life. Once I had recovered enough to move I looked down and my t-shirt was saturated in the watery liquid that now began to spill onto the floor and I couldn't believe the intensity of the orgasms that Laura had given me over the last few days.

I gingerly got to my feet as my t-shirt clung to me and grabbed a cloth to clean up the mess that had been made and as I came down from the high of my orgasm the gnawing in the back of mind returned; part of me just wanted to get a taste of Laura's sweet pussy and fuck her senseless but part of me thought I had to stop this now before it ruined our friendship.

After my delayed start to the day I had a quick shower, got dressed and was heading out of the door when my phone vibrated to notify me of an incoming message

I'm meeting you for lunch. 12:30pm. Food court on Solomon Street. Don't keep me waiting. L. xx

There is was again, Laura taking full control assuming I would drop everything and meet her whenever she wanted. But although I wanted to reply and tell her I was busy I knew full well that I would be there as I yearned to see her and I thought meeting her in a public place we might finally get a chance to talk about what was going on between us. Clearly things had gone beyond a weekend of fun but I was determined that we would discuss the last few days as it was going to be difficult enough already but I hoped that there was still some way to salvage our relationship before things got out of control. 

I had barely been in the office for ten minutes when an email came through from Laura entitled 'My bosses new desk' with a jpeg file attached and no description. Assuming she meant to send it to someone else I clicked the picture file to see if it held any clues and almost choked as my screen was filled with a photo of Laura posing in her sexy work outfit, legs crossed, shirt undone revealing her amazing cleavage and a pen held seductively on her lips while she looked at me from behind a big wooden desk. I closed down the attachment and quickly looked around me to make sure that nobody else saw it, my cheeks burning and the familiar feeling growing inside me. 

I buried myself in some paperwork until the feelings had subsided and tried to get on with the rest of my morning but my head was all over the place and I found it impossible to concentrate as images of Laura filled my mind. By the time 12:25 came around I hadn't achieved a single thing and the stack of papers on my desk was growing as I struggled just to think about even the simplest tasks. 

I walked the five minutes to Solomon Street and turned the corner to the food court but there was no sign of Laura. I checked my watch. 12:30. She was always late so I grabbed a sandwich and found a table near the entrance so I could see her whenever she arrived and began to imagine the conversation we were going to have but however it was going to go I couldn't see it ending well. Sure enough it was gone 12:50 by the time she appeared and when I caught her eye she sauntered over to the table 

"Fuck sake Laura, I've got to head back to the office in ten minutes, what happened to 12:30?"

"Sorry I got held up!"

"Ok," I sighed, "What was so urgent that it couldn't wait til later anyway?"

"Nothing," she said as her smile disappeared. "I just thought you might like to meet for lunch?" Her dejected face cutting me to the bone and a sense of guilt and sorry immediately washed over me for being so hard on her. 

"I'm sorry," I said, "I've just got a lot on at work and I've not been able to focus on anything today and my work load just keeps increasing."

"Well, let me help you feel better then," she said as she got up from the table and started walking away.

"Hang on!" I called, her sudden movement taking me by surprise. I stuffed the last of my food into my mouth, collected my things and started after her. By the time I caught up with her she had turned the corner and was standing outside the door to the women's toilets.

"What's going on?" I asked, "I thought you were hungry?"

"I am!" she smiled back at me as she took me by the hand and dragged me into the toilet block to the furthest cubicle from the door, "and this is where I get my lunch"

She pushed me back against the far wall and shut the door behind her before turning to me and pulling my zipper down on my trousers 

"Whoa Laura," I cried, "what are you doing? Anyone could walk in!" but even as the words left my mouth I could feel myself getting hard as she yanked my trousers down, pulled my cock out from my boxers and massaged it in her hands. 

"The doors shut Davey boy," she grinned wickedly, "and besides you said you only had ten minutes so I'll make this quick!" and with that she spat on my rigid cock and started to quickly wank me off. 

I fell back onto the toilet so that I was sitting on the closed lid with my feet on the floor either side of Laura as she held me tight and stoked me up and down. She moved towards me and let a long length of spit dribble out of her mouth and onto the head of my cock as she moved her hands around my shaft coating it in her saliva so that it glistened in the harsh strobe light of the cubicle. Once she had it nice and slippery she began wanking me off faster and faster, twisting her hand around as she stroked so that each time she brought it up to the head of my dick she encased the whole thing in her palms, rubbing all along my most sensitive area causing it to jump around in her hand.

"Oh yes, that's it. Fuck that feels amazing!"

She smiled at me and continued to stroke me up and down, given special attention to the head of my cock as she rubbed the wetness all around it. She leaned into me until her face was just inches from mine and looked me straight in the eyes while her hands continued to pump furiously up and down my cock.

"You feel so big Dave," she whispered. "I love the way your cock feels in my hands. I can barely get them around it. Do you like it? Do you like the way I stroke your cock?"

"Oh fuck yeah," I replied, looking down from her face to my cock where her hands furiously worked over me. "I love it. Oh fuck it feels so good." My head fell back as I let the feelings wash over me and my balls lifted in their sack and I knew it wouldn't be long before I came.

"Why don't you show me how much you love it Dave?" she was still leaning into me and I could feel her hot breath on my face as she rapidly pump me up and down. "I want you to cum for me. I want you to give me all your spunk! Come on Dave, cum for me, let me see how much you love it."

My legs were shaking now and I could feel the cum welling up inside me, her dirty talk turning me on even more as I got closer and closer.

"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum. Ohhh yes I'm gonna cum."

Laura's hands were a blur on my cock as she wanked me off with a ferocity I had never experienced before and although it was barely five minutes since she dragged me into the women's toilet, I was already about to spurt my load.

"Ohhhh fuuuuckkkk!" I couldn't stop myself from screaming out as my dick started to throb and I could feel the cum rising in me. Just as I was about to start pumping my spunk all over Laura she dropped to her knees and continued stroking and twisting as she put her mouth against my tip of my cock and stroked the underneath of my head with her tongue sending me past the point of no return.

"Arghhhhhhhhh!" I yelled, no longer caring if anyone heard me as jets of cum shot out of my cock into Laura's waiting mouth as she continued to milk it out of me with her hands. As more and more of my seed pumped out of me, filling Laura's mouth it started to overflow and hot thick cum was dribbling down her chin by the time she finally stop stroking my throbbing cock and stepped backwards letting go of me.

My dick was still waving around in the air and small drops of cum continued to fall from the slit in the top of my head while Laura stood there with wide eyes and a wicked grin on her face watching as it oozed out of me. When it finally stopped twitching I looked up at Laura who was still standing against the cubicle door with cum trickling out of the corner of her mouth.

"Mmmmm," she let out a delighted sigh as she swallowed my load down in one large gulp before dabbing the overflow up with her finger and sucking it clean. "I can't wait for dinner," and with that she opened the door and was gone before I had a chance to react, leaving me there with my cock sticking out into the air, my trousers around my ankles and the door to the cubicle wide open in the women's toilets.

I could hear voices getting closer and I made a grab for the cubicle door and just managed to get it shut as the block door opened and the footsteps and giggles of a couple of women entered, while I tried to relax my breathing. My cock was starting to wilt and drops of cum splattered the floor so I took some tissue and cleaned myself off as best I could, pulled my trousers back on and tried to look as best I could. Through the small crack between the door and the frame I could make out a couple of girls, not much more than teenagers, laughing and joking as they did their make up in the mirror.

I glanced at my watch. 13:05. Shit, I was already going to be late by the time I had walked back.

I looked through the crack again and one of the girls was sitting on the sink while the other applied more lipstick, neither of them seeming in any particular rush to leave. I looked down at my crotch, the bulge of my semi just visible through my trousers. 'Fuck you Laura!' I screamed in my head at the ridiculous situation she had put me in, but then I wasn't going to complain too much after the amazing handjob she had just given me.

13:10. Fuck it. 

I straightened up, coughed and opened the cubicle door hoping that some of the colour had drained from my face. "Excuse me ladies," I said as if this was the most normal thing in the world and strode purposefully towards the exit and as I made it outside and closed the door I could hear them erupting with laughter behind me.

The afternoon passed in a blur and by the time five o'clock rolled around I couldn't remember a single thing that I had done all day and I made a conscious decision that Laura and I had to talk about what was happening before it drove me completely insane, but when I got home Laura was nowhere to be seen. It was a couple of hours before she got back and I spent the time trying to think of the best way of approaching the subject but I had wound myself up into a frenzy that as soon as she walked into the lounge words started to fall out of my mouth as I blurted out what was going through my mind.

"Laura we really need to talk about this," I began before she even had a chance to speak, "I need to know what's going on with us. You know how much I care about you and I don't want things to get awkward or do anything to ruin our friendship. The last few days have got me fucked up. Really fucked up. I don't know if you have feelings for me other than as a friend or if you're just looking for something physical but I'm worried things will get too weird for us if we don't discuss what's going on. I mean it's been amazing. You're amazing! But my head's all over the place.
