 He strides in through the front door. His hair disheveled from a stressful day at work. Setting his bag down next to the door, he throws his jacket on an empty hook of the coat stand. His sapphire eyes look me over as his lips curve into a seductive smile. I am in the dining room lighting the candles on the table after just finishing dinner.

I set fire to the last wick as his strong hands wrap around my waist and pull me against his stomach. He feels so good, so warm and comforting. His arousal rises into my lower back causing wetness to seep out between my thighs. I am so ready for him tonight it has been a week since we saw each other last. I let my body sag back against him.

He turns me around quickly and lays his hands against my cheeks. I gaze at his Adam's apple as it twitches up and down as he breathes. He slides his palms into my hair, and tugs back so that my face has no choice but to look at his. He places his lips over mine and kisses me slowly telling me everything he feels, and what I need to know without speaking.

His tongue dances with mine as he pulls my bottom lip into his mouth, lightly nipping at it. He releases me leaving me breathless. 

"Smells good, little lady." He says smiling.

He gives me another chaste kiss before he lets go of me completely and takes his seat at the table. I serve him his dinner and we talk about our day and the past week. He finished his workload early so he could come home to me.

After dinner is over, he cleans the dishes while I tell him more about my time away from him. He gives me a taciturn nod. 

Unexpectedly, he grabs me by the waist, tosses me in the air, and props me over his right shoulder.

Yelping with excitement, I latch onto his belt with one hand and slap his ass with the other. 

"If I said I wanted you to put me down, I would be lying." I laughed.

"Good, because I am not going to, no matter what you say, not until I have you right where I want you." He slaps my thighs and heads for the stairs. The pain is short lived as it sent pleasure through me.

"Eek!" I smile.

I squirm with excitement. I am so wet now, ready for him. He could take me right here on the stairs and I would be happy.

He marches up the stairs. Slowly, his left hand travels up my left thigh, and his fingers run under my skirt, then my panties. His fingers finally find their playground as he begins rubbing against my folds.

"Wet for me already? My, my, my..." He says. There is a smile in his deep voice.

I try to sway my hips, but his iron grip tightens further and I have nowhere to go. Before I know it we are in the bedroom and he throws me down on his bed playfully. 

"I want to try something tonight." He tells me. 

He looks down at me as I shudder with excitement. Then I remember he would only warn me about things when he knew it might remind me of my past, I feel my smile fall as I looked around the room for a clue.

"Do you trust me?" He quickly asks.

"Completely, Yes." I whisper, gazing back at him.

He leaves me lying on the bed and exits the room. I wait quietly for his return as he retrieves his supplies. A few moments later he returns, but I don't see anything out of the ordinary. He kicks his shoes off, peels his socks from his feet, and pads his way to the bed. He stands over me, unbuttoning the top button of his slacks. I stay still watching him. My stomach is turning, my mind racing. His eyes intense with hunger and want.

"Panties off. Slide to the middle of the bed little lady." He commands.

I obey immediately. I know he is back to being in his controlling mode. I love this about him. He makes me so wanton when he takes over my body.

"On your stomach." 

I quickly turn over waiting for the next instruction. When he doesn't say anything more, I look over to him. He climbs up and crawls across the bed, leans over me, and straddles my hips. I feel the skirt of my dress slide up my ass and I wiggle my hips at him readying for his attack.

His large hands slide up my sides pushing my clothes up further, sending electric currents of desire through me. My bra peeks out from under my dress and he moves his thumb and middle finger to either side of the clasp. Snapping his fingers the bra falls away from my skin. I arched my upper body up as he slides the dress over my head and down my arms. He moves my hair from my neck and runs his tongue from my hairline to the top of my ass. Tremors of pleasure rattle violently through my body.

"Please... Please..." I whisper. 

He kisses up my back, sliding his fingers up my stomach underneath me cupping my breasts and kneading my nipples roughly. Pain singes through me, but it is welcome. I trust his movements. I know he is careful with me so I allow the pain take me to new heights. I moan in pleasure. Immediately his attack stops and he continues his journey up, up, pulling my arms above my head. His weight keeping me flush against the bed.

"Do you still trust me?" He breathes in my ear.

I nod. 

"Speak little lady, I need to hear it."

"Ye-, yes I do." I stutter. 

"Good." He says. 

His teeth move along my earlobe, making me senseless with desire. A cold metal clasp wraps around my right wrist and I shoot my head up scared of what he is doing. My heart beats wildly in my chest. My breathing speeds up.

"Careful. Can we at least try it first?" He asks.

I nod at him uncertain, but try to relax. He is not my past. I can't let it affect me anymore. He wraps the handcuffs around the metal beam of the headboard and connects the other cuff to my right wrist.

He lifts his body off of me, and I feel his vacancy inside and out when he is gone. I hear the rustle of him shedding his clothes as they dropped to the floor. He is over me again and I felt his knee slightly spreading my legs. Kneeling behind me, his hands grab my hips and lift my ass in the air. My breasts hang down, and he moans behind me.

"What a sight." He mutters under his breath.

He waits patiently until I adjust my knees to hold my weight. He spreads them even farther apart until I am fully open and ready for him. Cold air kisses my folds and labia as he moves behind me. One finger slides across my exposure, checking my wetness one last time, sending an obvious shiver through my entire frame. I moan loudly bucking my hips trying to push back, asking for him. He has never taken me like this before and I am blind to his pursuit.

He chuckles lightly. "Are you ready? It will be deeper this time than before."

"Yes. Please. I need you." I breathe.

He tightens his grip on my hips and pulls me back so I can't move my arms from their extension. My head stays to the side between my arms against the soft pillows. Immediately, he thrusts with intense power all the way into me, making my head fly up. I groan with pleasure, as my utterance turns into a deep moan. He begins moving into me slowly laying claim inside me and letting me feel him all the way to my cervix. Tears run down my face as his thrusts send shock waves through my body. No longer do I think about my arms being restrained. I feel the pleasure building inside of me, like a thunderstorm ready to strike. I start moving my ass back to meet his every thrust. My muscles begin contracting.

"Not yet, hold it." He hisses.

Pumping into me over and over, he punishes me and pleasures me all the same. I grit my teeth trying to hold out, squeezing the bars of the headboard in my hands. My knuckles turn white as I concentrate on containing my release. 

He hisses through his teeth as he gets even rougher with his thrusts. He slaps my ass, sending pain through me making me blow out the air in my lungs I didn't know I was holding. The pleasure coursing through me was as prominent as the blood in my veins. I couldn't hold on any longer, my breathing got shorter and shorter, and just before I could protest...

"Now baby, come for me now!" He commands.

I let go, screaming his name so loud my lungs burn. He empties himself when he hears his name on my lips.