 It is midnight and the phone rings. I answer it half asleep and I hear his voice. "Are you alone?" he says.

"Yes" I reply.

"I will be there in 20 minutes."

"Okay."

I hang up the phone and I think to myself. Did he really just call me? Is he really on his way? Yes he is. My body feels with excitement so I rush to take a shower. I want to be freshly shaven for him. The thought of his tongue on my wet smooth pussy makes me almost cum as I am shaving. I put on only a t-shirt as I wait for him to arrive. My pussy is so wet with anticipation that I can feel juices running down the inside of my thighs. I run my fingers over my lips to attempt to wipe them dry.

I finally hear him pull into the driveway. I open the door so that he can come on in. He immediately shuts the door behind him and without speaking he walks over to me as I sit on the couch. He takes my hand and pulls me to my feet. We are standing so close that I can feel his cock pressing against me. Since I am on punishment, I am completely under his control. He takes my face into his hands and kisses me deep, like two people that haven't seen each other in months. As his tongue plays with mine, my body shakes with excitement and the anticipation of his hands touching other parts of my body. 

"Are you wet?" he asks.

I say "Yes" with a slight tremble in my voice. 

"How wet?" he asks.

"Very" I say as he puts his hand between my thighs. 

I can see a small smile on his lips as he verifies just how wet I am. A smile that lets me know that he is pleased with what he feels. He spreads my lips as he runs one finger across my clit. I inhale quickly from the sensation of his fingers on my pussy. He pulls my head back and bites my neck as he inserts a finger deep into my wet pussy. I wonder if he can feel my pussy throbbing around his finger. I wait for him to tell me what to do, or to show me by leading. He takes one of my hands and puts it on the front of his pants so that I can feel how hard his cock is. I am surprised that his pants are still fastened. I haven't ever felt his cock this hard. I unbutton his pants and take down the zipper so that I can wrap my hand around what is waiting for me.

"Sit down." He whispers.

As I sit down on the couch he kneels in front of me and pulls my ass to the edge of the couch. He licks my pussy from bottom to top to make sure that he doesn't miss a drop of my juices. He gives me a look of approval. As he licks my clit he inserts his fingers deep into my pussy. He knows that no one other than him has made me cum with his hands. As he continued to fuck me with his hand I could feel my body overcome with sensation as he drew me closer to cumming. I tried to pull away because I did not want to cum until he told me to but he held me tightly to the couch. "May I cum?" I asked. He said "Yes… cum for me". With each thrust of his fingers inside me and with each moan, I began to cum into his hand. As I came he licked and sucked my pussy harder with each wave of sensation that came through my body. I finally collapsed back onto the couch. 

He leaned forward to kiss me. I could taste me in his mouth. I love the way I taste in a man's mouth. I asked, "Is it my turn?" He said "Yes. He sat down on the couch next to me. I knelt before him. I couldn't wait until his hard cock was in my mouth. I started with circles around the tip with my tongue. As I could taste him, I took him as deep into my mouth as I could. I could hear his breath stop for a moment, I knew then that I had his permission to do as I wanted with his cock in my mouth. I could feel his cock get harder each time I sucked all the way to the tip. He pulled my hair away so he could watch me. I knew he liked to watch but I also knew not to look up at him until I could feel him getting ready to cum. With each upward motion, I squeezed my hand a little harder and I sucked a little harder. I knew just how hard I could squeeze without hurting him. His grip on my hair began to get a little tighter and I knew he was getting close to cumming. As my strokes grew faster, I could taste him explode into my mouth. I heard his moan of approval. 

As he gave me his kiss of approval, he told me to stay as I was. He knelt behind me and pushed my forward on the couch. He spread me legs with his as he pushed his cock deep inside me with one swift motion. He took one of my hands and put it between my legs. He knew how much I liked to feel him thrusting in and out of me. He moved my hand to my clit and he rubbed my clit with my finger. His hand left mine there as he took his to play with my awaiting breast. With each thrust, I could feel him pinch my nipple just hard enough to send shocks to my pussy. His hard cock in me, my fingers on my clit, his hand pinching my nipple and his tight grip on my waist. I could feel my body become overwhelmed with so many points of pleasure. He began to fuck me deeper and harder with the same smooth motion that let me know he was going to cum. I was going to cum. My moans filled the room as he fucked me. I wanted to feel him cum inside me. As he was closer to his climax, his grip on my waist was getting tighter. It was time…. I let myself cum as I felt him cum. After a few more quick thrust, he held me tightly next to him so I couldn't move while he was still inside me. 

He rested his head on my back. His breath felt cool against my wet skin. I wanted to lie next to him on the floor while he held me in his arms. But I knew he had to leave. As he left I laughed to myself, thinking… I am glad that I answered a midnight phone call.