 Francesca giggled as she read the text on her phone. It was late on Friday night and she knew it could only be Michael at this time. She whispered the text to herself.

'Babes I need your pussy, please, please, please! xxx'

She was wrapped in a towel after enjoying a long soak in the bath and wondered what to do. She hit the call button and waited before a deep, familiar voice answered, telltale sounds of a crowded bar in the background.

'Hello gorgeous!' 

Francesca giggled. 'Hey sexy, you having a good night?'

'Mmm yeah, but I want you now! Do you want to meet up?' Michael asked, seemingly unaware of the late hour.

Francesca pondered for a few moments. Since meeting Michael by chance on a flight home before Christmas, they had developed an exciting relationship as friends and lovers, with none of the complexities of commitment. They had discussed the fantasy of meeting up in the middle of the night, Francesca remembered with a smile.

'Yeah. Okay then. When?' Francesca replied, wondering if Michael would follow through with his idea.

'Erm, say around 2? I'll text you babes, gotta go!'

'But...' Francesca stopped as she realised Michael had gone. She started to dry her hair and wondered what the hell she was thinking.

After drying and styling her hair, Francesca smoothed body lotion over her already soft skin and wondered what to wear. Unable to find any stockings she cursed and decided to put on a pair of fishnet tights and overknee boots. She didn't bother with any knickers and slipped on a sheer black peephole bra that barely held her large breasts. She knew she couldn't go out like that, and slipped on a simple short black dress. She looked slightly tarty, but overly so. She finally applied a few strokes of mascara and a slick of lipgloss, opting for a natural fresh faced look Michael hadn't seen much of.

It was just before 2 am when Michael finally text and said he would be at the city's main train station in twenty minutes. Francesca slipped into her car and checked her handbag, smiling at the dildo and bullet vibrator she had brought with her. She was soaking wet already, moreso as she realised how filthy she was being.

Michael couldn't wait to see Francesca. Having spent the earlier part of the evening in a lap dancing bar he was looking forward some action for himself. He spotted Francesca's car and walked over, smiling as he caught sight of her legs in the fishets and boots.

'Mmm hello babes.' Michael whispered as he leaned over to kiss her. His breath was a heady mixture of mint and vodka and she hungrily welcomed his tongue into her mouth. She pulled away as they drove off and headed out of town. 

'So where to?' She smiled.

'We can head towards mine, and then find somewhere quiet. Have you christened this car?'

Francesca laughed out loud. 'Haha, no, why?' She started again as the realisation of Michael's question dawned on her. 'It's a Clio! It's way too small!' 

'Let's try!' Michael insisted, leaning over to kiss her as she stopped at traffic lights. She held one hand on the wheel and one on the gear stick as Michael ran his hands up her thigh, stroking her hair and hungrily kissing her. His intensity made her feel like he had ten hands as he eagerly explored as much of her body as he could.

The lights changed and Francesca had to push him away, leaving him to play with his jeans and reveal his erect cock. She couldn't believe how wild he was being and as she joined the deserted motorway she took his cock in her left hand, pumping his shaft wildly as she drove faster, the adrenaline coursing through her body as her pussy moistened even more. 

They soon approached the junction near Michael's home and he directed her to a disused car park by a derelict warehouse.

'It used to be a dogging hotspot here.' Michael grinned and Francesca's face started to look worried.

'I'm NOT doing that!' She exclaimed and Michael laughed. 'I said used to be. No-one is ever around, they just use the road nearby as a shortcut.'

Francesca relaxed and turned off the engine and turned to kiss Michael. She reclined her seat and his hand found her breasts and slipped her dress down, revealing her hard nipples peering through the hole in the sheer material. He parted her legs with his other hand and stroked the crotch of the fishnet tights, feeling the damp spot from her excitement. He caressed the smooth skin of her thighs and she whispered to him.

'Tear them off if you like, be a filthy boy.' Her voice provocative and sultry as she reclined further, submitting to him.

He looked her body up and down and snarled as he ripped the tights with both hands, roughly slipping two fingers deep inside her slick pussy. He thrust his fingers hard and fast and Francesca moaned loudly for him to slow down, wrapping her thighs tightly around Michael's arm to slow him.

Michael grunted and licked his fingers. 'I need to fuck you. I need that cunt now!' He moaned breathlessly.

Francesca's pussy was hungry for the full width and length of Michael's cock and they hurridly and awkwardly shifted positions until Francesca was lying on the passenger seat and Michael mounted her, her hand gripping his throbbing shaft to guide him inside her. She moaned loudly as Michael's stiff cock buried itself deep inside her young pussy. She opened her legs as wide as she could, taking care not to hit the windscreen with her heels. Michael couldn't believe she was letting him fuck her like this. The lack of space wasn't ideal, but he needed to fuck her and fuck her well. He thrust harder and looked down at his cock completely buried within Francesca's tight hole. He felt her juices splashing against his balls and her finger frantically working her clit. He held her face tightly in his hands and effectively pinned her down, taking control and using her body as his toy. Enjoying the submission Francesca started to orgasm, the spasms from her climax milking Michael's throbbing shaft. She couldn't believe how quickly she had managed to cum and Michael carried on fucking her, pounding harder and harder until quickly stopping and pushing her head down to suck him. 

Being ever hungry for his cock Francesca greedily licked her juices off him and devoured her sticky, sweet fluid mixed with his precum. She was lost in the excitement of sucking his cock and had forgotten that she was in her car where anyone who looked would find them. Michael moaned loudly and roughly pushed her head down. 

'Mmmm yeah suck me. Suck me good babes.' He moaned, encouraging her to carry on. His hand reached over and slapped her arse, his hand gripping the rounded cheeks as his hand touched her skin. She continued to suck hard although her jaw was starting to ache. She gripped Michael's arse hard and slipped the tip of her finger into his arse, making him cry out and shudder.

'Oh fuck yes, fuck! FUCK!!!' He grunted as hot jets of cum sprayed the back of Francesca's throat. She heard the bubbling hot liquid splash within her own mouth as she swallowed and gently licked his cock clean.

Michael loved the way Francesca cleaned his cock with her mouth. She never flinched when she swallowed his cum and he loved it. He thought you could only get such good cock suckers in porn, he was mistaken!

Francesca was now hungry for more, not satisfied with just one orgasm. She looked over at Michael, now spent and slowly fastening his trousers. She slipped out her dildo and bullet vibrator and lay back and started to play like she did at home in bed. The dildo was purple and around 7 inches long and an inch wide. It was her favourite as it pleased her without being too big. She thrust hard and fast and held the buzzing vibe against her clit. Michael was watching in admiration, his girl lying before him and openly playing. He took the dildo from her hand and slipped his fingers into her mouth before slipping them down to her breasts and pinching her nipples hard. With little warning Michael thrust the dildo deep and hard inside her, pushing it further than she would have dared push it herself. She cried out in a combination of pleasure and pain as Michael's strong hand pushed the dildo harder. She couldn't take much more and found herself screaming as she came again, her legs gripping Michael's arm to keep the dildo deep inside her.

She exhaled loudly as her legs relaxed and she covered herself with her dress. She wrapped the toys in a tissue and put them back in her bag before cuddling Michael, who was now almost asleep. They swapped places and she noticed the time on the car's clock. 5:30 am! As they drove off, they noticed a postman up already and laughed. Neither could believe what they had just done, but they couldn't wait until the next time.