 I'm sitting alone with my best friend in the middle of nowhere in his truck late at night singing along to every song that came on the radio. We were just bored and needed to get away from the lives we had chosen for ourselves. We stared each other down with lust in our eyes. He found a secluded place to pull over, and flips up the console blocking us from each others bodies. His hand slid into the waistband of my yoga pants. Somehow, he managed to pull them down without any trouble. He slid his fingers in my slit to play with my clit. I moaned slightly as he played with my piercing. As he finger fucked me, I lightly rubbed the growing bulge in his jeans. Breathing heavy when he slid a finger inside my pussy. After only a few minutes of his manly fingers inside me, I had a light orgasm, which only made me want more.

He ripped his belt off and threw it in the back seat, unbuttoned his pants and pulled them down just enough for me to see his eager erection.

I reached down and started stroking his cock and he pulled my pants all the way off. Then he grabbed me and pulled me down to his lap. I opened my watering mouth in anticipation of tasting his perfect dick. I sucked and circled his stiffness as he moved his hand down my back grabbing my ass. I didn't want the moment to pass too quickly so I teased his cock to the brink of orgasm three times before stopping to let him cool back down. 

He pushed his seat back as far as it would go to give me room to jump on top. Reaching down he guided me onto his rock hard cock. He raised my shirt and started sucking my nipples as I started to rock my hips. Then he slid a hand down to play with my clit. I started moving faster. All of a sudden, he grabbed my hips and made me stop. He held me there for a few moments. I guess he needed another quick cool down.

Then, somehow, he flipped me off his lap and was kneeling behind me all in one move, which seemed impossible in the front seat of a Silverado. He leaned me over to the other side of the front seat and grabbed me and pulled me back so his cock was against my ass. He started rubbing it up and down my crack. Then he slid it lower and slipped it right into my wet pussy. Just the head at first and then he rammed his cock in me the rest of the way. I did my best not to scream, it came out as more of a gasp. He asked if i was ok. I moaned, " oh god, yes", and told him to fuck me as hard as he wanted.

He told me to rub my clit so we could orgasm together. I reached down to do as he said. He started pumping faster and harder. 

"Tell me what you want."

"I want you to fuck me."

"What else?"

"I want you shove your hard cock in my pussy so you can cum deep inside me."

" Then that's what I'm going to do!"

We fucked until my own orgasm exploded with his. He held on to ne so tight, I was so turned on. Wow. It's a good thing he was holding me in place or I would have fallen off the seat.

After it was over and we could both move, we put our clothes back on and headed back into town.

He brought me home and all the way we couldn't keep our hands off each other. He kept rubbing my breasts. I kept rubbing his chest, thighs and between his legs, the whole time wanting to devour him in a passionate kiss, but knowing that was off limits. He didn't want anything more than a friendship and occasional fuck from me. I wanted it all, but I take what I can get.

After he got me home, we sat there in his truck with a short silence. The goodbye is always a bit awkward and depressing.

"I better get going" he said, "before I lose control and want to find another back road"

"You can lose control with me any time ." I said with a smile

" I better get going home. You know."

"Yes I know."

"Thank you though, I needed that."

"We both needed that. And I am glad I could help you out. I am here for you anytime and any way you need me, I'm down for anything"

"Talk to you later, goodnight"

I could hardly wait until the next time. With both of us tied down to another the chance to get out happens way too few and far between. Sometimes months before the occasion arises again. It's all I could think about the rest of the weekend. Plotting the next excuse to get out of my house and him out of his.