 Note: If you haven't already, read FWB1: Kaylee, which is the prequel to this story.

*****

The morning following my first sexual experiences with Kaylee, one of my oldest friends, continued the theme that had started the previous night. We'd fallen asleep pretty late so we'd slept until the late morning sun prevented us from continuing. Fortunately, when we both started to stir, we were on the same page regarding the best way to start off the day. We were still naked and, as we started kissing, our hands were roaming over each other's bodies. Her nipples were hard as my hands caressed her soft, smooth breasts and, when she reached down for my cock, she found it growing harder, too. As she gently pulled on it, it became rigid in her hand so I slipped a hand down between her legs and found that her pussy was thoroughly hot and wet. I lightly stroked her clit while occasionally dipping a finger into her until she was apparently ready to fuck.

"I should have gotten these out last night," she said as she climbed off of the bed and went to her closet, "It isn't like I didn't expect that we'd need them."

I was watching her bare ass as she removed a box of condoms from a hiding spot in her closet. She turned back, giving me an awesome full-frontal view in the morning light as she extracted a condom from the box and tossed it to me. Setting the box nearby, she got back on the bed as I tore open the wrapper and rolled the condom down my tool. Rather than straddling me again, she lay on her back and pulled me toward her so I rolled that way and positioned myself over her. Reaching down, I guided my rigid tool to her pussy and eased it in, causing both of us to moan. She was so hot and so wet and so snug that I was glad she hadn't had a change of heart with respect to us getting involved sexually. As I started to slowly slide my cock in and out of her, I brought my lips to hers and we quickly went from kissing to passionately making out.

I really tried to maintain the slow pace, mainly in the interest of prolonging fucking her for as long as possible. It felt so damn good, though, even through the condom, that I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out for very long. She was raising her hips to accept the full length of my shaft, which just made it feel even better, so I was thinking that, if I came too quickly, I'd definitely make it up to her. The longer I was fucking her, the harder and faster I was fucking her; I just couldn't help myself. We eventually had to stop making out because it was becoming too difficult but she didn't seem to mind because she was immediately moaning pretty steadily. Her bed started getting a bit noisy, too; initially just squeaking but ultimately thumping against the wall, as well. It was a good thing there was no one else in the house.

I couldn't believe that her pussy was actually feeling even hotter and wetter than it already had been when we'd started fucking. This, of course, was bringing my orgasm on even faster but it was feeling so amazing that I couldn't bring myself to hold back, even if it meant I'd be leaving her in the dust. I could feel my cock swelling even more as I was right on the verge of cumming, and I don't know if that was enough to push her along faster, but when I started spewing into the condom with a grunt, she let out a cry before I'd finished. I continued to thrust into her even once I was spent to make sure that she wasn't shortchanged on her orgasm. Fortunately, by the time I was starting to go soft, she seemed to be done cumming.

I slipped out of her before there were any condom-related issues then moved off to lie beside her. We were both silent for a couple of minutes as we were catching our breath and reflecting on what we'd just experienced together.

"I'm glad you don't seem to have any regrets this morning about last night," she finally said, looking at the ceiling.

"I was thinking the same thing about you," I replied, "I'm glad we're on the same page because I'd be disappointed if that ended up being a one-time thing."

"Oh yeah," she said, "that was too good not to keep doing it. Who'd have guessed we'd be so in sync sexually?"

"Well, it crossed my mind back in elementary school," I joked.

"Ew," she replied, "Weirdo."

"Weirdo fucker," I countered.

"Touche," she said.

We lay around for a bit longer before she suggested we take a shower together. I was all about lathering up her body before fucking again so we got up and headed to the bathroom after I ditched the condom in her trash. I grabbed another condom, assuming we'd need it, and just set it on the bathroom counter. The shower was a pretty standard bathtub combination so it was close quarters as we each took a turn under the shower spray then started spreading shower gel over each other. My cock was growing rapidly, in part due to Kaylee's hands on me and it, and in part due to my hands feeling her body as I lathered her up. As I was hunkered down in front of her, running my soapy hands up and down each of her legs, I was gazing at her trim bush and ended up leaning in closer to run my tongue along her slit. She moaned and grabbed my head so I slid my hands up and gripped her ass cheeks while lapping at her pussy.

She leaned against the tiled wall and lifted one foot up onto the edge of the tub, opening herself up to me even more. I reached behind me with one hand to rinse off any remaining foam under the shower spray then brought it up and slipped a finger into her. Despite my hand being thoroughly wet, I could still tell that her pussy was overflowing with juices. As I started sliding my finger in and out, I put my tongue to work on her clit, causing her to moan even louder. She was bracing herself with one hand while the other continued to hold my head as she subtly humped her pussy toward my face. Her moans were echoing through the small, mostly tiled room and I'm sure part of it was that she had the freedom to be as loud as she wanted. I certainly appreciated that she was being vocal and, if it wasn't already obvious from how wet her pussy was that she was experiencing a great deal of pleasure, she was making sure it was clear to me.

Rather than getting louder when she was right on the verge of cumming, she actually got quieter, mainly because she was holding her breath as she was tensing up. She'd gasp out a sort of moan but I knew she was just about to explode and, when she finally did, she let out a loud cry as her body started shaking. I continued devouring her as she was cumming but, rather than try to push her to a few more orgasms, I stopped when I was certain she'd finished. I slipped my finger from her pussy into my mouth and sat back on my heels, gazing up at her.

"I wish I'd known sooner how good you are at that," she finally said.

"Well let's just make sure that we make the most of the time we have now," I replied.

"I agree," she said, "so let's get finished in here so I can enjoy your cock again."

I stood up, my cock fully rigid again, and we rinsed off the remnants of the shower gel and washed our hair. She turned off the shower and grabbed a couple of towels then we dried ourselves and each other. She dropped to her knees on the small rug before me and engulfed my cock in her hot mouth. I moaned and ran my hand over her wet hair, enjoying the oral pleasure she was providing, though I expected it to be brief. I was neither surprised nor disappointed when she didn't blow me to completion because I was expecting us to fuck again. When she slipped my cock free of her mouth, I reached for the nearby condom and opened it, then handed it to her. She rolled it onto my cock, then stood and indicated for me to take a seat on the toilet.

"Other way," I suggested as she faced me and considered how to straddle me with the wall close on one side and the sink vanity close on the other. She smiled and turned around, lowering herself toward my lap as I held her waist to steady her. She guided my sheathed cock toward her pussy then settled down on it, both of us moaning. Leaning forward, she supported herself on my knees and started moving up and down on my cock. My hands remained on her narrow waist until I was sure she was good to go, then I slid them up to cup her bouncing boobs. I gently caressed the soft flesh and ran my palms over her hard nipples. Once again, her pussy felt amazing as it moved up and down my tool and I was grateful that she'd been proactive the previous night. I knew that this summer was going to rock.

She controlled the pace at which she was riding my cock so I was just enjoying the feel of it. She started out slowly but was gradually picking up the pace as her pussy was feeling even hotter and wetter. Her moans were echoing in the small room and it wasn't long before she was obviously getting close to another orgasm. Between the earlier orgasm and the condom, I was feeling like I'd be able to relish the experience at least for a little while longer. I was definitely glad, though, that she didn't seem to have any trouble achieving orgasms and that they appeared to be highly pleasurable. That took a lot of pressure off me so I was able to just savor the pleasure I was experiencing myself which, even through the condom, was pretty intense.

I obviously didn't know her well enough yet, at least in a sexual sense, to pick up any subtle cues that she was on the verge of cumming. Fortunately, there were the not-so-subtle cues, like how loud she was getting, how much faster she was riding me and how even more incredible her pussy was feeling. When she sat down hard and just stayed there with my cock fully embedded inside her, it was only a moment later that she gasped and her body started shaking. I was still gently caressing her tits and didn't stop as she rode out her orgasm, partly because I hoped the stimulation would help with the intensity of her orgasm and partly because I just like fondling her tits.

She moved up and down on my cock a couple more times as she was cumming but, once she was done, I was ready to try something else. I had her stand but stayed behind her as I had her lean forward over the sink. I guided my cock back into her from behind, sliding it in until my hips were pressed against her ass. Taking her by the waist, I started to slowly slide it in and out of her and she pushed back, matching my rhythm. I was looking down, watching the slight jiggle of her ass each time my hips tapped it, while relishing how snug and slippery her pussy felt. It was almost surreal that I was actually fucking her, not just because we'd been friends for so long or because we were doing it in her bathroom, but also because it felt so natural. Though I was mainly focused on the pleasure I was feeling, especially since she'd cum twice since the last time I had, I was definitely also cognizant of how awesome this was overall.

I was picking up my pace as I felt the pleasure continuing to build and my orgasm approaching. I wasn't expecting that she'd cum again but I suspected she'd have no complaints, especially since I did expect to be able to make her cum a few more times at least before her parents returned home. The smacking of my hips against her ass seemed to be loud in the small bathroom with only the occasional grunt or moan to complement it. I could feel my cock becoming even thicker as I was right on the verge of cumming which was causing her to moan even more. Finally, I started spurting into the condom with grunt, continuing to thrust with each spurt until I was fully spent. I didn't slip my cock out of her until it started to soften and I became concerned about condom slippage.

"Just toss it in the garbage," Kaylee suggested as I slipped the condom off, "I'll make sure I take it all out before my parents come home."

"When are you expecting them?" I asked.

"Not until later today," she replied, "but they'll call when they leave and again when they're almost home to make sure I'm going to be here so we've got plenty of time and we'll have plenty of warning."

"Outstanding," I said, taking her in my arms, "I know we've got a whole summer ahead of us but I don't want to waste a single moment of it."

"And who knows when we'll have this kind of freedom," she replied, "or access to a bed."

She was right, of course. We spent most of the time we had before her parents got home in her bed, though we did also fuck on the couch and in the kitchen. After that day, though, it was mostly in my car or hers or in the bathroom (or bedroom, if we were lucky) at a party. We had no complaints, though, because we enjoyed fucking each other anytime and anyplace. We spent a ton of time together and, though people assumed we were dating, we never went on dates; everyplace we went together was just a means to an end.