 Saturday morning in Shinjuku, Tokyo. I woke up with the stinging memory of my humiliation with Miu last night. As I had walked with her to the station, I had felt just a little hopeful that I could redeem the relationship and have a successful fuck with her on Sunday. In the cold light of morning, I knew that wouldn't happen. 

The more I thought about it, the more I burned with anger. He - my humiliatingly floppy member - had only let me down because Miu was such a bitch. She had enjoyed humiliating me. What was her problem? She must have been abused by older men when she was a girl. I knew this was an occurrence of epidemic proportions in Japan, but why did she have to take it out on me? I was nothing but friendly and generous with her. I vowed to tell her on Sunday that I knew it was her fault, and I knew she had serious psychological issues that needed to be resolved, not acted out on harmless guys who just wanted some consensual fun in bed.

One thing was clear, though: I couldn't risk a floppy cock on my date this afternoon. Whether my Saturday girl was sweet or nasty, I wanted to be prepared. So after a careful Internet search, I headed over to Shibuya, a 10-minute ride on the train. I'd found a men's clinic that specialized in things like hair-loss and erectile dysfunction, and offered their services in English as well as Japanese.

Shibuya, the fun-capital of Tokyo. All of downtown Tokyo is lively, but Shibuya has earned a world-wide reputation. Its popularity is due in part to its reasonably-priced restaurants, bars, and brothels. Lots of young people come, including many without a ton of cash to throw around. It's the kind of place that's almost brighter at night that during the day.

I had visited Shibuya a couple of nights before, looking for condoms. I'd figured they'd be really easy to find there, but I'd had a problem. I couldn't find the kind of shop that would sell them, and anyway they'd be labelled in Japanese. As I said last time, the Japanese are funny: they have tons of options for purchased sex, but they're prudish in public. Public displays of affection are embarrassing to almost all Japanese, and the idea of a shelf full of condom boxes with an illustration on the front would have sent them through the roof. 

So I hardly thought Family Mart was the place to look. Not a problem, I thought! There are plenty of prostitutes around - they'd be sure to know where to get condoms. So I stopped walking and stood still on the sidewalk for a couple of minutes, looking around, and sure enough, a young woman appeared asking (in fair English) if she could take me to a place where I could get a great blowjob. No, I said, but could you tell me where to find condoms for me and my girlfriend? Her response was frustrated - our blowjobs are really super, and the girls are young and pretty! But I have a girlfriend...! She started to walk away, then turned around and said, OK, come with me! 

She led me uphill for about five minutes, through increasingly dark streets. Then into a high-rise (but all the buildings are pretty tall in Shibuya) and up to the 6th floor in a tiny elevator. I fully realized this was not the store that sold condoms, but played along out of curiosity and sense of adventure. What did a Shibuya brothel really look like?

All I got to see was a small, dimly-lit hallway or ante-room with a table and a well-worn loose-leaf binder. My guide - who was faintly attractive but very business-like, about 25 years old, I thought - opened the binder to reveal pages of ink-jet photo prints of young, scantily-clad girls, all carefully mounted in vinyl page-protectors.

No! I said. I came to buy condoms! I have a girlfriend!! I left and retraced my steps to the better-lit parts of Shibuya to try again. I absolutely had to have condoms, so there was no giving up. Not long after getting back, another young woman appeared with a similar offer. My friendly request for condoms seemed to puzzle her, so I tried to use gestures to explain what I wanted (without being too graphic on the street!). After a few minutes, one of the tough-looking men who just happened to be hanging around started to make his impatience clear to the young woman. Of course, I had known the pimps would be around to make sure the girls were safe and under control. So after a quick glance at her minder, she quickly pointed to the Family Mart I had dismissed earlier, and scampered off to her next potential customer.

In the garishly-lit convenience store, I circled round and round looking for anything that might resemble a supply of condoms. I had been right: nothing was labelled in English, and certainly not illustrated with a nice, clear photo of a condom. My frustration mounted until I overcame my embarrassment and asked the young man behind the counter. With a look of extreme scorn and embarrassment he took me to the right shelf and hastily retreated behind the counter.

Knowing where they were, I had only a little trouble finding a premium set, and also a set of stimulating condoms with bumps all over, in case my partner was into that sort of thrill. I sheepishly paid and gratefully headed back to my hotel in Shinjuku.

That was a couple of nights ago, and now in the light of a bright summer sun Shibuya looked quite respectable. The swarms of pleasure-seekers and prostitutes had been replaced by hoards of bargain-seekers and stylishly-dressed women. Probably many were the same as the women I'd seen at night, but now spending rather than earning.

Getting to the men's clinic required a bit of hunting around, including crossing a very busy intersection on a pedestrian bridge - very tiring in the heat! After missing it the first time, Google and I located the alleyway off of which the clinic was located. (I hadn't believed Google the first time, that this ally was actually a street where a clinic might be located.) Another high-rise building, a tiny vestibule and an even tinier elevator, which took me to the 7th floor (Men's Clinic clearly marked beside the button, in English!) 

The clinic consisted of a padded bench for waiting customers, and a counter pretty much like any pharmacy. The young man behind the counter had me fill out a form (bilingual) and asked me to wait for the doctor. When it was my turn, I found the doc was in an even smaller room, sitting in front of a large computer. He asked me about my general health, especially heart condition, but didn't do any physical examination like taking my blood pressure or temp. Was I taking any medication? At my age, I could no longer proudly deny the need for meds, but I only mentioned the one I needed to allow me to pee. OK! he said, Here are the choices. We discussed Viagra, which I had used and gotten good results with a few years back; but I ended up persuaded that Levitra would help me hold up longer. 

My date, Manami, was to meet me at the hotel at noon, and it was now 11:30. Yes, the train-ride was only 10 minutes, but getting in and out of these vast, crowded labyrinths called "stations" in Tokyo was a much longer process. So I was drenched with sweat by the time I got back to the hotel, just a moment before Manami arrived.

Manami had attracted me for a number of reasons. First, because she claimed to speak English "conversationally" - that was essential, I thought. But she also listed Spanish as one of her languages, and since I also speak Spanish, I was interested in her background. She was certified by Galaxy Club to need G-cup bras, which is just about the largest size in the club's database. I was looking forward to enjoying their voluptuous contents, either crushed against my naked chest in a firm embrace, or softly tickling my chest as she rocked back and forth on that rock-like cock I had worked so hard to arrange for! In her video on the Galaxy site, she had performed a cute little song and dance, which showed a huge amount of character over and above the usual embarrassed introductions most girls gave. I was really hoping she would turn out better than Miu.

And I wasn't disappointed. When we met, Manami was friendly and polite. She had a big suitcase rolling behind her, since she was on her way out of Tokyo to visit friends. We sat down in the lounge-restaurant for brunch, and I was pleased that she sat beside me, quite close. I decided to splurge on French Toast with whipped cream and fruit for my brunch, and to my surprise Manami ordered the same. Surprise, because her figure was quite a bit more slender than it had been when she was photographed and videoed at Galaxy, so she had obviously been working very hard to lose weight.

While we waited for the food, we chattered away happily. I told her about growing up in Latin America, and she said she had traveled a lot, including spending a couple of years in Barcelona. As a result, her Spanish was quite good, and I could actually understand her better in Spanish than English. (Japanese and Spanish have very similar vowels, unlike Japanese and English.) She was not only interested in what I had to say, but very casually rubbed her leg against mine under the table. By the time the food came, I was getting so interested in her that I hardly noticed the French Toast and whipped cream. Although I hadn't had a chance to pop one of my new Levitra pills, my cock was responding very nicely to her friendly pressure on my leg. In fact, I began to worry that I was getting wet enough to soak through my pants.

By now, there was really no doubt that she intended to come up to the room and play with me after the meal. But the question had to be asked anyway: Would she come? Oh, yes! she replied happily. We headed right over to the elevator, with our food only half-finished. On the way up, we had the elevator to ourselves. As soon as the door closed, I felt a mischievous hand feeling my crotch, and I was really proud to be able to respond with a little thrust from my rock-hard cock. That got a devilish little smile from Manami. We were both going to enjoy ourselves this afternoon.

We cleaned up our behavior walking down the long corridor to my room as we passed a family - Mom, Pop, and three little kids going toward the elevators - but once inside, I didn't lose a moment, turning around in the narrow entry hall and pulling her into my arms. Manami melted into me with a giggle and turned her face up for her kiss. Not wanting to scare her off, I started out with a modest lip-kiss, but my mouth was immediately forced open and invaded by her tongue - probing, thrusting into all the corners, teasing my tongue with thrilling little circling moves. Meanwhile, her hips were pushing into mine rhythmically and passionately, as our breathing became faster and deeper. We were too into each other to break our kissing and come up for air. The hem of her cute, short skirt kept rising higher as her hips thrust and wriggled against me. Higher up, those lovely G-cup boobs were pressing softly and insistently into my chest as we clung to each other.

But then Manami started to hook one leg behind mine - I suppose in order to get her pussy closer to my cock. But her sudden move caught me off guard, and I started to lose my balance. We both tipped perilously toward her suitcase, which was waiting behind her, forgotten while she attended to more important things. Fortunately, we didn't fall over it and nobody got hurt, but we made a lot of bumping and banging noise as we fought to regain our balance, and had a breathless laugh together as we straightened up.

I caught hold of her and led her into the room and onto the bed. But she laughingly pushed me away. "Hey, I need a shower first! Help me get undressed." I started to unbutton her neat, white blouse - smoothly ironed when we met, but wrinkled and hanging out after our clumsy gymnastics in the entryway. I developed a really strong urge to run soapy hands over the spectacular boobs that were waiting inside her blouse, but I remembered Miu's refusal to let me in the shower with her. So I said, "You know, it uses less water and is more ecologically responsible if two people take their shower together. Would you mind if I shower with you?" That approach got a huge laugh from Manami! "But of course!" she said when she had stopped shaking with laughter, "if you hadn't asked, I would have dragged you in with me!" 

That called for another kiss. Her unbuttoned blouse was too much to resist, so during the kiss my hands found their way inside to explore her generous softness while our tongues renewed their eager explorations. After that, I couldn't get her undressed fast enough, let alone take my clothes off without ripping them. 

When that was done, though, she happily grabbed my hand and led me into the bathroom. She adjusted the water temperature to her liking, and we both climbed in. It was then that I discovered something important about Japanese women: they are most comfortable showering in water that would scald a cat. She reluctantly cooled it at my request, after which we could start washing each other in relative comfort. I wanted to soap my hands and start washing those oh-so-tempting boobs, but she was closer to the soap and grabbed it first. She immediately squatted down and started gently washing my cock, which was already straight as an arrow, and soon became hard as steel as she stroked and rubbed it with her skillful hands. And I hadn't had a chance to take a Levitra yet, either - what a difference from last night!

Manami is a head shorter than I am, and when she straightened up, I found my soapy dick right up against her boobs. That was partly because she had lost quite a bit of weight, and unfortunately the fat had come off her boobs as well as her waist and butt. The result was that they no longer stretched the skin and filled it as full as when she was heavier, leaving them hanging down quite a bit. I was only disappointed for a short time, though. As my cock started tickling her nipples, she cupped her breasts in her hands and rubbed my dick between them, looking up at me with dreamy eyes. 

I reached for the soap and got my hands lathered up so I could massage her back, all the way down to her soft, sweet butt. All the while, she was pleasuring my dick, which was dripping with more than soap and water... Ecstasy! 

But we really wanted to get serious with the love-making. There was still one important place for me to wash: her pussy. Manami had a nice muff of soft black pubic hair, which I gently rubbed until it was good and foamy. Then I delicately reached further down and washed her labia, and finally slipped my finger into the crack and made sure her clit was nice and clean. That got a breathless little giggle from her!

I handed her a towel and grabbed the other myself. It was so stimulating to watch her dry herself, boobs flying in rhythm with her movements. I could hardly wait to get into the center of her rhythm!

At last the bed! Now my mouth and my cock both wanted to explore Manami. She lay totally naked on her back smiling up at me; I flopped down beside her. She half rolled over and playfully offered me her right tit to play with. I held it gently in my right hand and ran my tongue softly around her large, brown nipple. Before long, that nipple found its way into my mouth and I sucked it gently. Ummm! Her eyes were closed and a soft smile played on her lips. 

I always hate to be unfair and make one breast feel I don't love it just has much as the other, so I soon turned to her left tit while she obligingly lay flat on her back for me to reach it. The round, floppy softness was delightful.

Wonderful as those sweet big breasts were, I was hungry for pussy. I sat up and moved down, spreading her legs to gain access to her sexiest part. I started with a few soft licks of her vulva, watching over her fragrant muff, past her heavy, relaxed boobs. My licking didn't open her eyes, but her mouth opened as her breath came faster. Good! She's ready for more. My tongue dove inward to find her clit, and encountered the curious, slightly metallic taste of her sex. Up and down, around and around, a flutter and a trill with my tongue. Manami responded with a delighted moan and grabbed her tits, squeezing and pushing them in her delight. First one finger, then two ventured into the innermost depths of her vagina, stroking the ridges on the upper surface. Now her every breath was a little cry of ecstasy. Her vagina opened up, and streams of her wetness welcomed my thrusts. Now was the time to turn the work over to my straining, dripping cock. 

Oops! Can't forget the condom. I asked if she would like the bumpy condom, and she agreed to try it. Would she help me put it on? Yes, she was happy to help! I thrust eagerly into her fingers as she unrolled the condom over my throbbing penis. Her big dark eyes looked at me to see if I was enjoying the process, and sparkled with pleasure as I moaned and strained to help her get it on.

When my member was safely enclosed, she got on all fours on the bed and presented her butt to be fucked. I had to fumble a bit with my fingers to find the entry to her vagina because the condom made it hard to feel. But with the help of my fingers I found it, and eased in making her gasp a little as I pushed gently forward. 

After a few gentle thrusts, I started to pound her, my hands on her hips. "Ah! Ah! Ah!" was her cry as I worked heartily in and out. But the bumpy condom, while it may have stimulated my partner, was not letting me feel much pleasure myself. After a while, I pulled out and suggested trying another position. We really wanted to keep the action going, and I found myself lying on my back with her straddling me. With a look of concentration on her face, she grasped my dick, moved her hips into place, and got the dick into the right place. She slowly sank down until her muff met mine, and started rocking her hips back and forth. I couldn't help pushing into her rhythmically, as I watched those gorgeous tits swinging and swaying just inches from my face, like ripe fruit ready to fall into my mouth. 

She seemed to be enjoying herself, but I still couldn't feel anything much in that bumpy condom. When she began to get tired, she asked me if I was ready to try something else. I confessed to not feeling much of anything. She suggested taking off the condom and letting her give me a titty-fuck. What a deal! I'd been hoping for more intimate contact with her luscious chest.

I happily took off the condom and threw it in the general direction of the trash can - no idea if it found its mark. As I lay on the edge of the bed, Manami dreamily knelt on the carpet between my legs, and guided her breasts to gently envelop my penis. A generous application of her saliva made a sweet glide-path, and she began rubbing up and down while I thrust eagerly upward with my hips. She closed her eyes and moaned as we rocked, my cock deeply engulfed in her incredible cleavage. 

She thoroughly enjoyed the sensation of my hot cock thrusting into her chest, and dreamily pressed her soft, dangling fruit together, making a faux-vagina almost as pleasurable as the real one. As she kept going, I realized this was making her really hot, and the realization, together with the superb sensation, made me start to come. Now it was my turn to cry, "Ah! Ah! Ah!" as I gave it up for Manami, hot cum squirting onto her chin and running down her sweet breasts. She kept rubbing up and down, enjoying the feeling of my cum lubricating her cleavage and runing down to her nipples. "Ah! Ah! Ahhhhhh!" I cried, and collapsed panting onto my back on the bed.

Manami laughed with pleasure and bent over to give me a kiss, anointing me with my own cum as her boobs pressed firmly into my chest. Noticing that she'd made my chest all sticky, she jumped up and grabbed a bunch of tissues from the handy box on the desk and wiped me carefully off. Then she left me panting happily on the bed while she went into the bathroom briefly to clean herself up.
