 (Please read the first 'Gaining Confidence' before this one. Also please rate and leave a comment. I'd like to hear from other writers and readers, to hear what you like and what I could improve, I know I'm a novice but I like writing and like to get better)

I put my phone back into my pocket and continue with leaving Megan's house. Jeans on and as I put on my shirt I'm out the door. I head to my house and start to read the text message from Erin.

"Hey I just wanted to see how it was going, meet me at my place tomorrow at 3, so we can talk about it."

I didn't know what to think about the text, or the night for that matter. I just lost my V-card but it seemed too easy. Now I have this girl who is setting me up with her friends, is she my pimp? Can't be because Megan didn't pay me. Oh well, I need to get some sleep, and pee. 

****

At 3, I'm at Erin's door and I go to knock but when I do the door moves with my fist. Erin hears the door and yells "Jared, is that you?"

"Yeah, you know your door is open?"

"Of course, I'm getting dressed and I wanted you to just come in and relax." 

I continued into the apartment which was pretty big considering living on a college budget. A huge living room with a nice tv, so I turned on the football game and waited for her to come out. I heard some one behind me, and turned to look expecting to see Erin but there she was the girl from the party, looking miserable almost as bad as she did on Friday. I must have been staring because she looked at me and said "Who the fuck are you?"

Really welcoming right...

"I'm Jared, here waiting on Erin." I said.

No response in return, just a turn and a flip of her hair and she was back down the hallway she came from. She did have a nice ass thinking to myself, if she'd stop acting like a bitch, she might be a decent girl.

No sooner as I'd turned and looked at the score on the tv, did Erin jump on the couch with me and said "Oh cool you already got the Cowboys game on."

I had to smile, a Cowboys fan too. Is this girl perfect? Impossible.

She grabbed us two beers and we watched until half time, then she turned and asked how last night was. I started telling her all the steps and she stopped and said

"You know when I ask how last night went, I just meant did you sleep with her?"

Again with the almost making me choke, "Yes, I did."

"wow I knew Megan was easy but I didn't think that easy" she said under her breath.

"Ouch that hurts" I said.

"It's nothing against you, I thought maybe a make out and a bj at most but she is a slut."

I just started laughing.

She said "What?"

"Nothing, It's just surprising hearing a girl talk like that."

"That's nothing, you should hear what we say about guys and all the details we share." 

Now that made me a little nervous. What was Megan going to share about me? Who would care to know?

"Don't worry, I'll get the dish from Megan on how good you were. She always tells me about it, even if I ask her not to."

I said "Thanks" partly laughing out of fear and awkwardness. 

She turned and asked "So I have another girl for you if you want to go out again tonight."

Without thinking I said "Sure"

I realize now I should've asked why but in the moment, I couldn't say no.

She said that it was Jenny, pointing back to her bitch of a roommate. I gave her a look like she must be crazy and what did I do to deserve her.

"I think you can give her a smile on her face, its just dinner and know one likes to eat alone. Plus her boyfriend just broke up with her and this time, I'd put my money on it is for good."

She seemed sincere, so I said Ok and left to come back at 7 to take Jenny out.

****

7 o'clock with Jenny...

As I walk up to the door, Erin comes out and has a big purse and seems surprised to see me. 

"Damn, you scared me. Ok she's in there, but she's not thrilled to be going on this date I've set up so be a complete gentleman. Oh and don't mention the incidence on Friday, it's too soon. Umm.. besides that, you'll do ok."

"ok, I guess. bye" 

"Bye"

I wait a minute and knock on the door. Jenny answers it. I'm almost floored, a complete change in the person I saw from earlier that day to now. Let me describe Jenny; A dark reddish brown hair, around 5'7", couldn't be more than 140, right now she's wearing some white shorts and a long shirt that even covers the shorts. Staring at her in that moment her eyes I could've sworn were the lightest shade of grayish blue, but they're decieving and I honestly wasn't looking at them that long because she turned quickly and I saw her nicest ASSet. Those shorts couldn't hold all of it in and this is why she need the shirt in the back but bending down to put on her shoes, nothing was stopping me from seeing all the glory.

As she turned back around, I grabbed the door and lead her outside into my car and took her to another one of the little dives I knew. She seemed to be enjoying herself, as I paid for the check I asked if she'd like to take a walk with me because there was a nice park a little away. Surprisingly, she agreed although I sort of knew this was just suppose to be dinner. 

When we got to the park and started to walk, she told me how she was thinking about transferring from this school and going to one closer home. I asked her why, and she told me that she only came to this school because of her ex. He was two years older than her and ever since she started here he began acting differently. I told her college changes people. She just gave me a slight nod and kept walking. We talked about a lot of things and I actually found out that she actually lived close to me back home about 20 minutes away. 

Time got away from us and I asked if she wanted to catch a movie or something, she said "Sure but I'm really cold could we just rent one." I said "Sure" and gave her my coat. I told her about how big a movie fan I am and she didn't believe me about how many movies I had, so we went back to my house and I showed her, while looking she screamed and said you have my favorite movie in here. I asked her what it was and she put in a dvd I couldn't see into the player and sat on my bed with my coat over her and told me to just wait.

As the opening credits came on I knew it was "Eternal Sunshine of a Spotless Mind", not many people have seen it but if you do and get it, you love it. So I sit down next to her and push her during a funny scene and she says Hey. I just start laughing and grab the blanket that she was sitting on and wiggle it in front of her face. She looks and says good idea, so I throw it over us and put my arm over her shoulder. She really is cold, it was October but I'm pretty immune to coldness I wear shorts year round except on special occasions. But I start to rub her arm to warm her up not think about it, while watching the movie.

I can feel extra heat now in the blanket and I turn and see Jenny staring at me. As soon as my head turns completely she starts to kiss me. I lay back and she gets on top of me, then it hits me. She's giving off heat from her pussy and its right on my groin now. We are in full make out when I hear my phone go off, Jenny sits up expecting me to reach for it. I look her in the eyes and reach for her head to continue, she looks surprised but goes for it. 

Sitting up for just a minute, we both take our shirts off and I've got my hands on her tits. I've never been a breast man but these boys could change me, nice 36 C (yes I looked at the tag later, I don't care they were amazing). I turned her around to take off her bra, when it was off she tried to turn back but I told her to keep still.

I began on her neck, laying kisses hard onto her. Going down her back until it got to her shorts and I'm having a face to face with that ass. I slide those shorts off so fast you would've thought they were on fire. I start kissing her again and see that she's wearing a nice pair of panties. I kiss all around the outline of the panties. Pulling them down slightly, just enough to show off her ass as she's bent over now. I grab both her legs and flip her over in one quick movement out of nowhere and I see her eyes now staring at me ready to taken.

I begin sucking and playing with those gorgeous breasts and I've got one hand down on her mound playing with her over her panties. I start kissing down her belly and there I am face to face with those panties again. I pull them down and all the way off, rubbing each legs as the panties went pass them. Face first I start eating her and she's wet I don't even get to put a finger in before she starts to scream for me to stop, but I know better, she's got to ride through this. And does she; squirting all over my face. She is knocked back and panting I... tried... to... tell... you.

I wipe my face on the sheets and go up and kiss her, and pull her up. My dick is hard as a diamond now and she can fill it. She unzips me and begins to suck me. I knew this girl had a dirty mouth from hearing her fight the other night but it's good in a lot other ways. Soon enough I'm telling her I'm about to come and she looks sad, but keeps going and swallows my load.

My dick is still hard, and Jenny's justs looking at it now. I pull her over to the side of the bed, pull a condon from the dresser, put it on and hold her legs in the air parallel to my chest and start to ram my dick into her. She's still very wet from me eating her and she almost took my whole dick on the first thrust. We are going nonstop now, and she has stopped screaming and is biting down on one of the pillows. I slowed down and gave her two good and hard thrusts, then picked her up with her legs now wrapped around my knees, not wanting to leave her and now she's on top.

I put a pillow under my head so I could see my dick entering her more. She begins to go up and down and isn't holding back, I can almost see the aggression leaving her body with every slam down on my dick. After a little while I can see her getting tired and tell her to turn around on my dick and lay back a little. Now in reverse cowgirl, I'm in a little more control and I'm staring at that ass. I start to slow grind, I know I'm rubbing her g-spot, she's moaning with every grind I make and I'm loving it because she's grinding right back on me. 

I grab her stomach and flip her once more, she tries to get back on her hands and knees and I tell her just to grab a pillow. Both her legs are together now, straight back its quite a site and I put another pillow just under her stomach she yells 

"Hurry I have to cum"

I grab her ass and spread her cheeks and slide my dick back into her pussy. The added weight of her ass on top of my dick with the extra tightness from keep her legs closed is bringing me closer to cum, I hear her almost there and I start going hard. Faster and faster she's cumming and I'm pushing against the new stream that's located on my bed. As soon as she stops I give her one more thrust and cum hard.

We both pass out on my bed, and I have no idea how this happened...

*

Next in Gaining Confidence

(The Following Morning)