 It had been four days since Daniel's first engagement, and his memories were so vivid that it seemed he could still smell the aroma of sex in the air. Each morning he would wake up thinking about the sex. Then he would think about the huge tip Mrs. Greenberg had given him, and he would wear a smile and a hard-on all the way to the bathroom. Daniel was not sure whether this new business was going to succeed, but he sure liked the way it was starting.

On this particular morning, as he was getting ready for work, the phone rang. He picked it up, thinking it might be someone from work, and was surprised to hear an unfamiliar voice.

"Daniel? This is Susan Adkins – from the party last week?"

"Susan. Yes. Hello. How are you?" Daniel said, somewhat caught off guard.

"I'm fine. I mean – the reason I'm calling is that I enjoyed the party last week and I'm hoping ... well, that is, I'm hoping you'll give me a job. If your company hires women," she added quickly in a very quiet voice.

"Susan. Yes, of course we do," Daniel said hesitantly. "But let's not jump the gun. Why don't we meet and talk about it? What are you doing tonight, say around seven?"

"I don't have any plans. I mean, tonight at seven would be fine," Susan said, excited that she had finally forced herself to make this call.

"Would you mind meeting me at my home?" Daniel asked.

"No, of course not."

Then let me give you directions.

"That's okay. I already know where you live. I hope you don't mind. I got Mrs. Greenberg to tell me."

"No, that's fine," Daniel assured her. Then, after confirming their meeting time, he said his goodbyes.

During the day, Daniel spent a good deal of his time thinking about that call. He had just met Susan the previous week – at his first engagement as the "G-String Butler." The party had been a small, all woman bridge group, and Susan had arrived with her mother. 

She was a small, shy girl – Susan, that is. She couldn't be more than about 20, Daniel thought. Her mother, on the other hand, could have played linebacker for the Eagles. Daniel had served the women at the party in all sorts of ways, but Susan's mother had made a point of showing her disapproval. She had been the only woman present who had ignored Daniel completely. If she ever found out that Susan wanted to work for him, well, Daniel had no doubt that the shit would really hit the fan. It was a thought that made this meeting all the more interesting.

After work, Daniel quickly ate dinner and straightened up around the house. Then, promptly at seven, the doorbell rang.

"Come in. Come in," Daniel said, leading Susan into his home office. "Have a seat," he said, indicating one of the chairs in front of his desk. 

He sat at his desk and took a moment to look at Susan more closely. He was astonished by the transformation. Last week she had looked drab, wearing an outfit that was entirely shapeless. She had given Daniel the impression that she was a shy girl likely to become a spinster librarian. What sat before him tonight though, looked like an entirely different woman. She had done her hair so that blond ringlets framed her flawless face. She had worn a sheer white blouse, a jacket, and a short pleated skirt. She had applied her makeup artfully, and she wore a black choker at her throat. Her look was somewhere between that of a schoolgirl and that of a businesswoman. But the black leather choker was the item that really made the outfit. It gave her a sexy, slutty, submissive look. As Susan crossed her shapely legs, Daniel couldn't help but feel a strong surge of desire.

"So tell me about yourself," Daniel said, breaking the ice and trying not to stare.

"Well. I'm in nursing school," Susan began slowly. "Just starting my second year. I live at home with my mother. I have an older sister who lives in Texas. She's married. I don't know. What else would you like to know?"

"Why is it that you want to come work for me?" Daniel asked.

"Well, I saw you at the party, and it looked like fun. I thought about it. I've been thinking about it a lot, and I think it's something I'd really like to do," Susan said, seeming to gain confidence as she spoke.

"Would you like showing your body off to other men and women?" Daniel asked.

"Yes, I think so," she said, now sounding a little shy.

"Have you ever had sex?" Daniel asked, suddenly changing directions.

Susan looked down at her hands, which were now fidgeting in her lap. "No," she said quietly.

"Stand up, please" Daniel said in a gentle voice. "Take your clothes off. Let me look at you."

Susan rose, removed her jacket, and slowly began unbuttoning her blouse. She kept her head bowed, looking down at the floor the entire time as she undressed - and for the entire time, Daniel didn't say a word. He decided he'd simply enjoy the show. 

Susan first removed the jacket and blouse, laying them on the chair behind her. Then she unzipped her skirt, stepped out of it, and placed it on the chair as well. Next, her sexy pink bra came off. Then her matching thong.

When she was finished, Susan was standing in front of Daniel completely naked except for her shoes, socks, and sexy black choker. Her hands were pressed tightly to her sides and her eyes were still focused on the floor in front of her. Her skin was very pale and dotted with freckles, and an embarrassed blush spread across her chest and face. Her breasts were small, a B cup maybe, but with very large, extended nipples. Her stomach was tight and well muscled, and her pussy was covered with the finest hint of light blond hair. There was a large gap between her slim legs, and her beautiful pussy lips were on display and wet with anticipation.

"You're beautiful," Daniel said softly, and he really meant it.

"Thank you," she said quietly, lifting her eyes finally to meet his.

"Come over here," Daniel said. He had thought about going to her, taking her where she stood. But instinctively he knew that it would be best if he started her off on the right track. She was here to become a servant. Also, if he was to be Susan's first lover, he knew she wanted to surrender herself. In her dreams, she had probably imagined that she would be his to command.

"Kneel in front of me," he said when she stood before him.

She sank to her knees looking up at him, and he bent his face to hers. Their lips met in an impassioned kiss that seemed to last forever. Daniel caressed her face, traced the outlines of her eyes and cheeks, and felt the softness of her neck. When at last he released her, she opened his zipper of her own accord, and fumbled until she was able to pull his cock from his pants. 

She sat holding his erect manhood inches from her face and looked at it as if it might hold the secrets to life itself. Then, pulling it towards her mouth, she started gently to kiss and lick it.

"Taste it," Daniel whispered, and she placed the head of it in her mouth and began to suck. Moving her head up and down on Daniel's cock, she began groaning in time with her movements. One of her hands was holding his cock. The other, Daniel now saw, was furiously rubbing her clit.

"Stop!" Daniel ordered, and Susan stopped.

Had she been doing something wrong? She now felt so stupid, and Daniel realized she was suddenly close to tears.

"I'm sorry. It's just that you were doing such a good job. You were about to make me cum. I don't want to cum yet," Daniel explained. "Also, you're about to make yourself cum, and I don't want you to cum yet either.

Help me get undressed. Then I want to taste you," Daniel added.

Feeling better, Susan proceeded to remove his shoes, socks, pants and underwear. Then Daniel took off his shirt, took Susan's hands in his, and pulled her to her feet. 

They kissed each other deeply, their bodies pressed together, while Daniel's hands explored the firm contours of Susan's ass. Then, Daniel began kissing Susan's neck. 

Tilting her head to the side, Susan became almost limp in Daniel's arms. Without being wholly aware of it, she was making an offering of her body, hoping he would take her. Daniel moved down to her breasts, then, as he feasted on her, he laid Susan back on the soft pile carpeting. He flicked her hard nipples with his tongue, then sucked and bit her nipples gently. He marveled at how long and thick they were. On her small breasts, the nipples seemed to stand out further than the breasts themselves.

For her part, Susan simply lay back with her eyes closed, her arms limp at her sides, and reveled in the sensations. Moans were escaping from her lips and her hips were involuntarily rising from the floor. She had dreamed of this moment for so long, but she had never imagined that she would be so lost in the sensations. They were exquisite. She wanted them never to end. She wanted to be used like this forever. She wanted her body to be an offering on the alter of the Gods.

When Daniel moved down and licked Susan's cunt, she started to cum immediately. Her back arched, and juices actually squirted from her pussy. Daniel reacted by simply burying his face in her now wide-open cunt.

He drank of her juices. He sucked and lapped at her clit. Then, as Susan's orgasm subsided, Daniel moved back up to her face once more, sharing with her the taste of her juices.

They kissed for some time, Susan with her legs spread wide. Then Susan felt as Daniel's cock began to nudge the lips of her pussy. With each tiny thrust, he entered her just a little – and then just a little more. He listened to her gasps and moans as her tight canal opened to invite him in. He felt as Susan began to push back, yearning to have his cock inside her. Before long, he was pushing up against her hymen. His movements continued to be gentle, but Susan couldn't take it any more. Susan had had enough of gentle sex. With a need born of desperation, she grabbed his ass and, with a sudden thrust upward and a cry of anguish, she impaled herself on his cock.

The two of them froze in that position for a moment, with Daniel fully buried in Susan's clenching cunt. Then Daniel slowly withdrew, and slammed into her again. He began moving to a rhythm, taking long, hard strokes. On about the fifth stroke, Susan started cumming again.

She was out of control, literally crying with joy as their bodies slapped together. Her orgasm lasted longer than any she had had before, and left a puddle of red tinged juices on the carpet beneath her. When her orgasm subsided, Daniel was still slamming into her. She loved the feeling. Loved having her legs spread wide. Loved having him slam against her cunt. She could feel the fire rising from deep within her, and she knew she was going to cum again. And then, Daniel started moving even faster, slamming into her relentlessly, slapping her ass with his balls. Her third orgasm hit, and she could feel her juices gushing again. Thrusting against each other, the two of them cried out in unison. Daniel's cock expanded within her. His body tensed. Then, suddenly, Daniel was filling Susan with semen as waves of orgasm rippled through her cunt.

Susan and Daniel lay in each other's arms for fifteen minutes or more before either of them moved again. Then Daniel stood and looked down at her. Her thighs and ass were coated in blood and cum, the carpet was stained, and blood and cum covered Daniel as well. But he thought as he looked down at her resting form, that he had never seen anything so beautiful in his life. The look of contentment on Susan's face, the glow of her sweat glazed skin, the vision of her naked body as she lay there with her legs spread wide would be forever etched in his memory. 

Finally, he pulled her to her feet, and led her to the shower. Daniel and Susan held each other closely as the blood flowed down the drain, and once again they began to explore each other's bodies.

"Oh, by the way," Daniel said. "You're hired."