 It was a beautiful clear morning. The sun was barely up as all of the parents drove in to drop off their kids for the camp bus... A few tearful farewells, but for many it was just a quick stop. I had parked to the side and was enjoying a cool bottle of juice on the park bench after dropping off my son. It was the only spot nearby to sit and rest till the kids were all on the bus and gone from the park. I saw you drive up, dropping off your sons. Gentle ((hugs)) for each, but being the macho boys they were quickly done then off to their friends.. You hopped back into your van to go and as it crossed the parking lot suddenly there was a pop, and your rear tire was flat. As you pulled off into the shade, I got up to offer my help. The other parents were rushing as it was time for the bus to leave, and chaos reigned supreme. We met at the back tire, a tired look of exasperation on your face, as you stared down at it. I introduced myself, and you did the same. I noticed that although the situation had you down, your eyes twinkled to me. I offered to help change the tire, and we worked together getting the spare out of the van, stopping to wave as the school bus rumbled out of the parking lot..

Suddenly it was so quiet, as we were the only people left there. It was almost like nature was happy to gain back the quiet and share it with us. Finally we found the spare, only to find out it was flat also. Though you were reserved I loved the joking I found as we reached this new point in our path. I offered to take you and your tire to the tire shop.. You looked at me and smiled.. so we loaded the spare back into the van, and I just took off the flat tire. Brought my car over and put it in the trunk. 

You had brought out some cold water and had it ready for me, along with a towel to clean up on. I loved the feel of your touch as you wiped some dirt from my face ever so gently. We locked up your van, leaving a note that we were getting the spare fixed. We hopped into my car, and leaving the windows down headed to town with your flat. As we carried down the road we were silent just enjoying the sun and the breeze and then the small talk began. Talking of family and work, understanding how much we were missing similar pleasures in our lives . The tire shop appeared on the right all too soon, so we pulled in and you went to explain the situation to the deskman. I opened the trunk for his helper. As you returned to the car, it was not a smile on your face. Turned out that your tire size wasn't in stock, so it would take till after lunch to get it fixed, and you on your way. 

I gave you a ((HUG)) and then let you know I was off for the morning, and if you wanted, we could just relax till your tire was ready.. You smiled and graciously accepted my offer, so we decided to stop at the store next door and get some drinks and food. We packed our new treasures in the small cooler I had in my trunk and then had a decision to make . I suggested rather than put up with the rat race in town, that we just go back to recreation area and have a morning picnic.. You agreed and off we went.. 

I knew just the spot to go to. Only a few miles away, and with a short hike, we would have a stream to enjoy our meal beside. A new glow seemed to be on your face, a smile on your lips as we turned into the park entrance. I ignored the under construction signs, as being the project manager, I knew the area well, and also that we would not be disturbed in our lunch. My crew was at another site today. We parked near the start of the trail, and unloaded our goodies.. I had the cooler and you brought the tarp and blanket to sit on.. Up the path we went, talking about anything and nothing, my eyes enjoying the view of your lovely form ahead of me. 

After about 15 min we came out to the meadow, or should I say the terraced slope beside the pond. An old dam made the small pool in front of us, and all we could hear was the sounds of the forest surrounding us. I spread out the tarp and blanket as you explored our surroundings, returning as I finished. I reached out and gave you a ((HUG)) which finished in a wonderful kiss. One I felt to the core. We settled down on the blanket. I leaned back against the log retaining wall and you leaned back against me, your head on my chest, and we began to talk. We spoke of our loves and the pleasures we both enjoy. The pleasures we missed, my hand stroking your body as our words flowed till you turned around and looking into my eyes, once again our lips met. This time we continued till we both felt a warm fulfillment. 

I sat up more and you moved to straddle my lap, facing me so that we could enjoy our kisses.. no more words were needed. I moved my kisses from your lips and began to kiss further down your neck.. Hearing your sweet moans as my lips brushed your hot skin. I used them as directions for my trembling hands, reaching out and to undo the buttons of your blouse. This revealing more skin for my lips to caress.. Soon the swell of your breasts was beneath my lips. and your blouse was on the blanket beside us.. 

I moved my kisses back to your lips, and our tongues met in a torrent of passion. I felt you reaching behind your back and as I looked into your eyes, you hunched forward and your bra gently fell from your breasts. My hands were pulled like they were magnets to begin to squeeze your breasts, kneading them, and my fingertips began to roll your hard nipples. I felt you pushing them back into my hands and your kiss said only "more please". I could not resist and my lips moved to capture your first nipple. The feel of it passing my lips, my tongue finding it's firmness and as I sucked it into my mouth, a gasp from your lips with the feelings of it entering. I slowly let our nipple slip out, my teeth gently holding on, till it finally popped free. I blew on it gently, marveling in the way it grew even harder. Moving to the other breast I offered it the same, till my mouth knew not which one to suck on as each was so incredible to feel each on my tongue.

I pulled you forward and as your breasts ground into my chest our lips met once again. We sat back for a moment to catch our breath and I reveled in your lovely form, your smile, your sensual look, and your wondrous breasts rising and falling with your every breath. I slipped off my shirt and laid back flat on the ground. You moved to my side, kissing first my lips and them moving to spread gentle kisses across my body. As you kneeled at my side kissing me, my hand reached out and cupped your breasts, gently rolling and stretching your nipples. I could feel your hand exploring my hardness through my jeans, tracing your fingers along my hard cock. 

I could feel you undoing my pants, and as you finished lowering the zipper, I raised my hips to let you slip them off. My hands moved to caressing your soft buns as you began to kiss lower and lower. A moment for your tongue to explore my belly button, as you fingers gently cupped my balls. I let out a long sigh, such an incredible feeling. I reached up and began to slip your shorts down your body, delighted that they were elastic at the waist so that I would not need to undo any buttons or zippers. Your delicious naked form now coming into view, as my hands worked to slip off your shorts totally. 

Suddenly my senses exploded in pleasure as your lips have encircled my hard cock. Your tongue wrapped itself around the sensitive head and I let out a massive sigh of pleasure. This seemed to drive you further. Moving your lips up and down till you are brushing the curls of my pubic hair with your lips. My fingers have moved to find your pubic hair too. I feel you gasp as they give your hard clit a gentle stroke. I move my fingers to explore your hot pussy. Dripping with the juices of your passion my fingers slip between your lips, deep inside to explore you pussy. 

You begin to drive yourself against my fingers, all the while you keep you lips wrapped around my cock. I slowly move you till you are now straddling my face and my tongue is wrapped around that sensitive clit.. My fingers reach out to entice your nipples even more. With each lick I feel you tremble against me, your hands stroking me, becoming almost frantic. I feel you beginning to tremble all over and with that I increase the intensity of my oral ministrations. Sucking your clit between my lips and gently nibbling on it, suddenly you explode on my face. My tongue relishes your sweet nectars and it brings me to explode too. 

As you feel my cock begin to throb, you clamp your lips around it and almost turn me inside out with the pleasure. As we both finish our intense orgasms, you collapse against me. Ever so gently I help you to turn around so that you are lying in my arm, a smile on both our faces. 

I raise myself on my elbow and look into your eyes, seeing the fires of passion burning bright, and I wonder what will we do for round 2...