 I started out to South Bend with my wife's friend Emily. I have known her for a very long time and my wife has known her for even longer. Both of us are Notre Dame Fans so when I was given tickets at work, I didn't hesitate to take her with me. We got there a little early to walk the campus and to grab lunch before the game. After a quick bite to eat, we walked to the stadium and sat through a really long and boring game. Needless to say we were both disappointed when we left. 

We started the drive home and decided to grab something to eat at a restaurant off of the Interstate. We each had a couple of drinks and just BS'ed through about an hour. We left the restaurant and were about to get back on the Interstate when we noticed a bunch of cars just sitting everywhere. We turned on a local radio station and there was a HUGE accident that would have us blocked in for hours. We decided it would be best to just grab a hotel and stick it out until morning. I made the phone call home to give the wife the bad news. She was pretty pissed at the situation but nothing that we could do. 

We went to the closest hotel and they only had 1 room left because of the accident. I booked the room before they were all gone and started to make a few phone calls to other close hotels. They were all booked already. We went to the room and saw that there was only 1 queen size bed. I told her that I would sleep on the floor but not before we had another couple drinks. We dropped off our stuff and went to the closest bar. What started out as a drink or 2 ended up closing down the bar at 1am. When we left, we were basically holding each other up. We got back to the hotel and then realized again that there was only 1 bed. I told her again that I would take the floor. 

Upon turning on a few lights in the room, I decided that it would be better if I slept on a chair. After a long day, she wanted to take a quick shower. While she did, I called the front desk and had another blanket sent over. By the time she was out of the shower, I had the blanket and was getting ready for bed. When Emily stepped out of the bathroom, I almost forgot that she was my wife's best friend. Emily is pretty attractive in my book as well as fairly well endowed. At that point, I decided I should take a shower as well to cool myself off. I got in the shower and take a very quick and very cold shower. I was going to take care of myself but with as much Jack Daniels as I had, it would take way too long.

When I got out of the bathroom, she looked like she was passed out on the bed trying to get under the covers. I went over to finish covering her up and I noticed that past her shirt, she had nothing on. I very quietly covered her up and went over to my chair and turned out the lights. As soon as I did that, she woke up. She said "If you can stay on your side of the bed, you can come up here. But don't tell your wife. She would kill us for even knowing we shared a room, let alone a bed." 

I was going to make a go of it on the chair but after about 2 seconds, I decided that the bed was much better for my back. I went over and pulled up the sheet on my side of the bed and slid in. I was still wearing my jeans. Emily then turned to me and said "I know you don't sleep in jeans. At least get somewhat comfortable." I slipped off my jeans and threw them on the chair. We made small talk for a bit and then she told me goodnight and kissed me on the cheek.

I laid there for a good 15 minutes not able to sleep. I tried not to toss and turn too much. Now that my eyes were adjusted to the dark, I could see fairly well in the room. I looked over and Emily's breathing was getting slower and the sheet had slipped down a little while her shirt had moved up. Not wanting to get a hard on, I just closed my eyes. After a while, I was almost asleep when Emily shifted in her sleep and was now cuddling up on my arm. It wouldn't have been that bad but my hand was basically in her crotch. I moved it as close to my body as I could and just laid there. 

I was trying my best not to move because I knew that she didn't have any underwear on. I was keeping my composure and trying to get back to sleep. That was when her hand crept over onto my stomach. To this day, I don't know if it was intentional or not. I didn't react at first but then she started twirling her hand down my stomach and to the top of my underwear. That was when I started to get hard. My hand was still between her legs and was now completely in her crotch. She was starting to move her legs some so my hand was right on her. 

I was super hard then and now her hand was completely over my cock. By the time she started to stroke me, my will power was gone. That was when I started using my hand that was between her legs to start to feel for her. It didn't take long before I was feeling her wetness. At first, I was just teasing around her core. Then she started really tugging at me and I figured I might as well go for broke and I plunged my fingers into her for the first time. I heard a gasp and I looked over at her. Her eyes were wide open and she looked at me with lust in her eyes.

I rolled over so that I was facing her and we started kissing. It started off slowly but built in passion as our hands explored each other. We both had the same idea at the same time and started pawing at the others remaining clothes. We laughed and quickly took them off ourselves. I then laid back down next to her and started kissing her neck. When I started nibbling on her ear, she started to squirm. I knew that this was going to be a fun night. I needed to taste her so I slowly kissed and licked my way down her body. When I was at her belly button, she realized what I was doing and spread her legs wide while pushing my head lower. It had been a long time since I had tasted a woman and I wanted to savor every bit of it. 

I started by licking all around her core. Teasing her endlessly while she squirmed around the bed. Then I went to the bottom of her pussy and work slowly around it and then stick my tongue in as far as I can. While I was licking her, reached my hands up and started to massage her breasts and lightly pinch her nipples. I then started licking faster around and around her pussy trying to avoid her clit. I then took 2 fingers and started to work them in and out of her while licking all around her and still caressing her breasts. I then moved my tongue lower to just below her pussy and licked there lightly. 

I could tell that she was getting close to orgasm. Her legs started to quiver and I knew that she was cumming. I moved my mouth to her clit and lightly sucked on it as I pushed her over the edge. She took my head with both her hands and held me tight to her pussy as she writhed in orgasm. As her orgasm subsides, I slowly stopped licking because I knew that she was overly sensitive. 

I worked my way back up her body and she quickly turned me over and started kissing all over my face and neck. She quickly worked her way down my chest and licked and nibbled on nipples. I have always loved to have my nipples played with. Every time a woman bites on them, I think about getting one of them pierced. She then went down and I felt her warm breath on my cock. She started to swirl her tongue around the head of my cock while I spread my legs so she could do whatever she wanted. 

She then completely swallowed my cock. I'm not the biggest guy in the World but I had only had one woman ever be able to take all of me. She started licking up and down my shaft while every so often teasing my balls. I could have lied there all day. She didn't use a lot of sucking action, just a lot of tongue and slight pressure. Up and down. Swirling around the head. Then using her hand, she stroked my cock as she took my balls in her mouth. 

Even with all that I had to drink, I could tell that I was about to cum and so could she. She stopped with the teasing and started twisting lightly around my cock feeding it into her mouth. When I was about to cum, she completely swallowed me as I shot my load.

After she completely drained me, she came up for air and kissed me. At first I was a little hesitant but then I figured the hell with it and kissed her back just as passionately. She climbed up on top of me and started grinding herself on me. Very slowly at first, she rubbed herself up and down my length. Then she took my cock in her hand and guided me into her for the first time. She started to bounce faster and faster on my cock. I reached up and grabbed her ass to slow her down. 

I want to make sure that I make this last. I then sat up so she was straddling me and then threw her down on the bed so I was on top and in between her legs with still staying inside of her. I then lied down on top of her and started to slowly fuck her. I was taking long and deep strokes while nibbling on her ear and neck. 

I then reached down and grabbed her left leg and lifted up over my shoulder and was able to get deeper into her. She started to writhe around again to let me know that she was about to have another orgasm. I started to really pound as fast I could until she reached her orgasm and then she held me inside of her. 

When she finally came down from her second orgasm, she pushed me over onto my back and started sucking on my cock again. This time, she wasn't teasing. She was just trying to get me to cum. After a couple of minutes, I told her that I wanted to fuck her again. She turned away from me and stayed on all 4s. I love taking a woman from behind. 

I got behind her and entered her again. She then lowered herself onto her chest and started to play with herself as well as my balls as I was fucking her. I wasn't getting much leverage so I stopped and brought her ass to the edge of the bed and stood on the floor and started to fuck her again. She was still playing with my balls as I fucked her but I could tell that it was getting increasingly hard to. 

I could start to feel a tingling in my balls and I knew that I was going to cum soon. I warned her that I was going to cum. That was when she told me to cum in her pussy. After hearing that, I started to really pull her back into me as fast as I could. She was then furiously working on her clit as I was taking her from behind. 

Finally, I couldn't hold it back any longer and came for the second time on the night. As I was cumming in her pussy, I felt it convulsing as she had another orgasm. When we were both finally done, she collapsed on the bed. I climbed up next to her and kissed her lightly on the neck. No words were spoken, we just curled up on the bed under the covers and went to sleep. 

I don't remember what time it was but we both got up about the same time to use the washroom. I let her go first and then went. When I got back to the bed, she was right in the middle of the bed. I lay down behind her and held her tight as we both fell asleep again. I awoke lying on my back and feeling something on my cock. I looked down, and Emily was sucking on it again. She just smiled at me and said good morning and kept going. 

She then turned around and mounted my cock facing away from me. I had never had sex that was before and have always wanted to. I love women's asses. This was perfect for me. I was having sex while watching a beautiful ass bounce up and down on me. I leaned forward onto my elbows and reached around so I could play with her clit. She leaned back into me so I could then kiss her neck while fucking her. It wasn't going to take long before I came. 

She then leaned forward out of my reach and started bouncing on me like I had only seen in porn. I looked down and I could see myself entering her as she ground onto me. I told her that I was about to cum and she quickly jumped off of me and immediately deep throated me until I came in her mouth again. After I had finished, I asked her why she stopped and swallowed me. She told me that she didn't want to have my cum in her for the whole ride home. 

After checking the highway and a quick call home to check in, we headed out again. We realized that we were both starving again so we stopped for breakfast. Over breakfast we discussed what happened the previous night. She told me that she had always wanted to fuck me and that was the only chance that she was probably ever going to get so she wanted to make it count. We got back on the highway and headed the rest of the way home. When we got to my house, we stopped a few blocks away and she told me that if I ever wanted to miss bowling to give her a call and she would arrange something. With that, we got back to the house as if nothing had ever happened.