 It is late, long past midnight, and I am lonely to hear your sexy voice huskily say to me, "Yeah? You like that Baby?" in your big strong Southern Boy way as you tease me from so far away. You heard me calling you, found me wanting and needing you.

I spent the evening chatting online, talking about the hero in my book, developing the kind of man he will be. I know he will make my heroine feel the way you have made me feel. I feel good with you, so good. I like the way you wrap yourself around me. I imagine being with you and wanting to make you 'My King'. You stripped away my tough exterior ...and your voice hypnotized me with a sultry Southern "What are you thinking?"... Every time I started to hide from you, you kept coaxing me out of my hiding places. You made me want to be your lover. In my dreams I heard you say over and over "I already own you." the way you did last night when I told you I wanted you to make me yours, to own me. My heart pounded and raced, thrilled to the thought of you. It's my fantasy come true in you.

I imagine that I am alone with you there, in Galveston. I've not been there long and you are very new to me, I'm still adjusting to how I imagined you would be against how you really are. The way you feel, the way your voice sounds to me against the disembodied you I've come to know so well. We've gone to the beach, it's quiet and we're alone. You are adjusting to me too. You smile shyly and every so often you pull me to you and kiss me just the way I crave being kissed. Long and slow, hot and wet, our bodies pressed together. Your hand slides into mine as we resume our discovery. We like what we find in each other and you make me feel greater still in person. There are no barriers between us.

You are as strong physically as you are emotionally and intellectually, seemingly perfect for me. I like your strength, and slide my hand under your arm, occasionally resting on your elbow and sometimes caressing your biceps while we wander down the beach. Your dogs race about the beach, chasing sticks and bringing them back to us. You kiss me tenderly now and then or slide your hand down against the top edge of the curve of my ass. I'm comfortable, safe, and warm for you. I'm learning not to bother with running away from you emotionally; you'll just tear down my walls with your bare hands, take my soul and cradle it like it's your own.

Mischievously you lead me to a fallen tree away from the shoreline, hidden mostly by the sea grass, the wind blowing hot Mexican breezes against us. You pull me towards you with a knowing smile. You have me standing just in front of you as you stare into my eyes and slowly unbutton my blouse to unveil my swollen breasts. My pretty pink nipples are pointing hard through my bra and my shirt. You know I want you; I don't have to say a thing. You know I need you; you can see the longing in my eyes, hear it in my scattered breath as you pull my blouse open, unfasten my skirt and unzip it. You kiss my stomach, licking inside my belly button and bring your hands to my breasts and roll my nipples back and forth between your fingers. My sex is hot, swollen, and getting wetter by the second.

I want you. I want you. Baby, I want you.

I drop to my knees running my hands down your hard chest and resting at your hips. I ask you if I can take your beautiful cock out. You stand in the sunshine and I caress your thighs with my hands, kiss, gnaw and blow my hot breath through your pants, feeling your cock so rock hard under my mouth. You're anticipating me, your fingers tangled in my curls gently pressing my tender face against your loins. Your eyes close and you moan quietly, wanting me as I tease you insistently, begging you to give me what I so desperately need, "Please Baby, please let me see you, let me touch and taste your cock." It seems forever but you finally say "Yes, my Kitten, you may have me now." 

I open your pants with trembling hands eager for my first glimpse as it springs forward long and thick, deliciously curved in just the way you promised me it would be, your head cut, hot and hard and I'm starving for you. I gently lick the tip of your cock and taste your salty juice ever so lightly. I hold your cock in my hand and place your head inside of my mouth and gently and lightly suck. You feel so hard and hot in my mouth. You taste so good. My pussy is aching for you, and I feel the hot creamy wetness soaking through my panties and smearing onto my soft thighs. Out of unadulterated need my hand absently slides under my skirt to play with my hard throbbing clit while I pleasure you. I am imagining your tremendous cock thrusting in and out of me. Your curve, your fat head, perfectly designed to drive me insane. I am completely addicted and I haven't even had you yet. You watch my fingers desperately circling on my clit and it pleases you deeply. I am yours and you know it.

I slide your cock in and out of my mouth rubbing your head on my red lips, your pre-cum making my lips shiny and wet. Sucking you has made them swollen. Your juice is slippery atop your skin and I've anchored your cock at its base with my hands. My hand massages your shaft as I eat you hungrily. I slide my wet tongue sloppily up and down your shaft and circle your balls in and then suck them inside of my mouth and back up your shaft again and again.

I look into your eyes. I know you. For a thousand years I've known you. You're inexplicably a part of me. I slide you in further and further, mouthing you. Your eyes are smoldering, you're hot for me. My mouth is so wet, and your cock is slippery. I stroke you with my mouth while I gaze into your beautiful soul. Finally putting you fully into my mouth, you rock into my mouth deeper and deeper until I have you sliding your head deeply into my throat. Meanwhile my fingers are in a frenzy on my own pussy and I helplessly moan while I fuck you with my mouth.

Wetter, slick and slippery - I rub your cock on my face and back into my mouth. I continue sucking and licking, putting your balls into my mouth, licking your shaft, sucking your head and sliding you in and out of my mouth. I want to hear you cum; I want to see you throw your head back while I fuck you with my mouth until you make a big mess all over while I lick you. Your cock is a fountain spilling all over my hands. I hear you moan "Ohhhhhhhhh my sweet little Kitten." while you explode. You stay hard for me; you pull me up next to you, kiss my face, my mouth and suck my fingers as you wrap your arms around me. You tongue me tasting yourself in and on my mouth, squeeze me tighter and insistently pull me into you. I am breathlessly yours, complete in my love for you. 

Releasing me, your hands run down my side and you slide my skirt off as you sit down on the fallen tree, stand me in front of your mouth. You pull my lacy panties aside, lean forward and kiss and tongue my bald pussy. I'll always keep it that way for you, to obey and excite you, so you know I'm crazy about you and want to please you. I can't resist you and moan loudly after an eternity of needing to feel you this way. Your tongue is Heaven to me. You taste me. It's light and sweet. You slide your finger into my pussy and pull my body towards your mouth curling your finger and rubbing right THERE...you hear me moan and look at me. You say, "Look at me Kitten. I want to watch you cum." 

I'm staring into your eyes, breathing very hard. I reach towards your shoulders for support while you pleasure me. My hands are trembling and my excitement is so great, I cannot speak. You keep rubbing me inside. I fear I have nothing to catch me if I fall. I lean into your hand. You twist your finger in me. Slide it out and push in again with two. My sex is flowing, wet, running down your forearm. You bring your face close to me; breathe me in, deeply so you'll remember my flavor, my perfume when we're apart. You kiss me tenderly and suck my clit into your mouth gently. Tonguing me. Fingering me. Watching me intently. You feel my body trembling at your touch. You feel my excitement. Your excitement rises up again. You do, you really do, own my passions, own me. You push a little more insistently as you suck and lick me and I cummmmmmmm, yelling out uncontrollably. You can feel my pussy spasm all over your hand in hard wracking waves of passion.

You pull me into your lap. Your cock is raging hard, sliding right into me, so hot, wet and swollen. It's so tight. I'm gasping, sobbing with tears running down my face for the overwhelming passion of having you. You kiss my salty tears away, and run your tongue around the edge of my mouth. Massaging my breasts and pinching my nipples, making them so hard, I squirm all over your cock and take your face in my hands kissing you deeply. You push up into me and I push back towards you. We're one Baby. You're rocking into me. I'm cumming on you in small little epiphanies over and over again. My heart is pounding and my breath is deep and ragged. My body tingling, your fingers delight my nipples rolling them around. Your other hand is in the small of my back, moving me back and forth. You take my loose breast into your mouth and moan. I say to you, "Oh my God Chris, I love you so much."

I need you deep inside me. You move me into the warm sand, falling on top of me. Moving into me like a train you are rolling your hips into me. Slowly, slowly, slowly and then thrusting hard, and again. You look into my eyes; they are blue green pools of desire. I want and need you. You keep going and I see in your eyes your going to cum again. You're going to take me. I'm going to take you, and make you my own. 

Pushing again and again, I rock with you, gain your rhythm. You're breathing hard. My arms around you, I grip your shoulders tightly and push my pussy hard down your shaft with each thrust. I want to feel you explode inside me, I want to cum with you. Your hard cock, your curve, your head...God it feels so damned good "You're rubbing me in ...in just...the...the...right place Chris. I'm....going to cum....a...again for you" You smile at my helpless giving of myself to you. I couldn't resist you. You reward me with your kisses again and again keep making sweet love to me. 

You thrill me. You thrill me. You thrill me.

We're moving together, like one, it's easy, it's a perfect fit. You are a prayer to me. I can't wait any longer. I push hard for you. "Now Baby, now." I whimper and I hear you whisper to me "You're mine Baby, all mine." and it's what I want more than anything else, is to be yours. As you push me into the sand and look in my eyes you make a low sound "Mmmmmmmmmmm, Yeah!! Uh huh, give me that hot pussy Baby. It's so sweeeeeet." I cum again, amazingly again, and I explode and clutch as you push into me driving into me hard. I feel your cock throbbing inside of me and you yell out 'Ohhhhhhhhhhh Yessssssss'.

Hold me. Feel me. Kiss me. I'm so glad I'm here. I never want to leave you.