 You lost the game, and you are now mine for the night. I can see the slight trepidation as you come towards me, but you remember only that the prize for the winner was to have the loser in a position of their choice. I don't think you will be expecting what I have planned. You thought you were going to win, the game was going all your way and your eyes gave away the thoughts you had of controlling me, but a late surge took away that right.

We embrace, and kiss hungrily. You are wearing what I asked - the flowing silk skirt, tight blouse and high heels with hold-ups. Nothing else. Nipples clearly visible through the blouse, aroused as we continue our passionate kissing. Tongues fighting for space, teeth grazing lips and hands roaming around bodies. You can feel my hardness growing between us as I roam over your ass cheeks, lifting the skirt and sliding it over the naked flesh beneath. Breaking away I gaze at the bullets of your nipples as the push the fabric out, hard points of sensitive flesh, I tweak your right one making you shiver.

I lead you to a low chair, and bend you forwards over it. You reach down to support yourself at precisely the right place on the chair arms. Before you realise it I have closed the straps of the cuffs around your wrists, effectively pinning you in that exposed position. Your face shows slight alarm, but I smile and move to your calves. Lightly sliding my fingers around each one, I ease your legs apart and you oblige, thinking you know what I am doing. Quickly I close the two cuffs around your ankles. You are now fixed in place, no movement other than your head and upper body. You are mine to take in any way I want, and I will.

I lift your skirt, you try to see what I am doing but you can't. I expose you cheeks and rear hole, the stocking tops highlighting the smooth pale flesh leading to your honey pot. I reach between your spread thighs, you are already soaked. Your pussy lips are dripping, and I have barely touched you. My fingers play lightly with your outer lips, and you squirm, trying to get me to move them in. That's not for now. I slide my finger between your outer lips, admiring the silky feel caused by the flowing juices I am now trailing up to your tight, puckered rear hole. This is to be filled first, though you are yet to know it. I tease, fetching more of your own juices before easing my finger in. You groan and say 'No, really, not there??!' but I continue. With my finger in to the knuckle, I move it around, widening and stretching the hole ready for something else.

I take out the 5 inch plug and push it quickly into your waiting cunt, surprising you, making you cry out with a little pleasure. Its gone almost immediately, and I take my finger out or your rear hole, momentarily leaving you entirely empty. Then slowly but insistently I push the plug into your waiting ass. You cry out again, telling me no, straining but actually taking it all in until with a pop, the flange is settled against your cheeks. You call me a few names, but as I roll the plug around, you gasp as the pleasant sensations it creates hits you. Better, I ask, and you nod, submissively.

My fingers start work again, your flowing cunt lips giving you away. You are aroused, no matter how much you say no. Finally, I plunge not just one, but three fingers between those slick lips. Gasps from your lips are replaced with moans as my fingers play around inside your love tube, seeking out but never quite finding that elusive spot. Your cunt is full, I can feel the ridges of the plug through your membrane and the extra pressure is driving you mad. Bringing my fingers out I use your own juices to lubricate the hood of your clitoris. Light, slick rubbing brings the hood back and the clit out. You are writhing now, gently cursing me under your breath, as you can't get away from this insistent rubbing, all the time aware of your very full ass. You are about to get fuller.

I fetch the vibrator, especially selected for this moment. Its not too wide, but long and ridged, veined in the way some men's cocks are. You have no idea what is happening, you can't see but only feel the first solid push as I place the head at your wet and wide entrance. You gasp, and tell me no, you can't take more. You can and will. I push harder and get the first couple of inches in, and you let out a loud groan as a mini-orgasm takes you by surprise. I don't let you recover. I keep pushing this hard intruder in and out, filling your second hole like its never been filled before. You are trying to get away from this fake cock, but you can't. Even through the length of it, I can feel the plug. Finally, I get the vibrator as far in as it will go. Time to fuck you with it, and I start to do so. Slowly at first. The full length almost out, and back in but I quickly get into a rhythm and begin to pound harder and longer with each stroke. You are screaming at me now, its too much for you, but I keep going. You are trying to sway your hips away but the little movement I left you doesn't make it easy. Suddenly you let out a yell, your muscles clench around the cock so hard I stop moving it as you come in an almighty wave. Bucking against your bonds, you finally subside.

I take off my trousers and shorts. Holding on to the end of the vibrator, I come round to your head. My cock is standing proud in front of me, as hard as I have had it. I have been aroused by what I have done and seen, and know I am close to orgasm myself on this alone. I tell you to suck, all holes to be filled at once. Your face, damp with perspiration from your recent orgasm, looks at me and smiles. You open your lips and I slide my solid member into your waiting mouth. I am trying to maintain a grip on the vibrator. I haven't touched your heaving breasts, they are for another day. Your lick and suck at my cock for all you are worth, your once spoken dream having been fulfilled but not perhaps when you expected it. I am pushing forward now, almost fucking your lips as I approach my orgasm. Without warning you I tense, and cum powerfully. Its the strongest orgasm I have had, the tension from the game all driven into it. I pulse in your mouth and you try to swallow the liquid gushing out of me. Finally I stop, and ease out of your mouth. A small dribble of white leaves your lips, the only sign I have just filled your mouth with my cum.

You smile, and say thanks as I undo the bonds. You have never lost an item of clothing, and in smoothing the skirt into place, you look as you did when you entered the room.. except for the glow. A cat that just got the cream....

... but a cat that is still mine for the rest of the night. Although I have taken the vibrator out, your ass is still full with the plug I eased in there earlier, and you turn to ask me to take it out. I smile and shake my head, not until I have finished with you I say, stepping towards you. You remain clothed but I am semi-naked, my spent cock beginning to twitch at the thought of the next stage. I remind you that the loss of control was for the night, not for one orgasm, and I motion you to kneel.

You smile slightly, but do as you are told. I order you to get me hard again, and you take my cock between your lips. You are good, and you know it. Lips close around the length of it, hands slide gently around my balls as you suck hard on my flesh. I feel it growing harder again. Your tongue is lapping furiously at the head of my cock, growing it inside your mouth, letting it get harder and longer as you fondle my balls and slide a finger around the sensitive flesh between my cock and ass.

I stop you, I want to cum elsewhere this time. I force you onto your hands and knees and then surprise you by lying down and sliding underneath you. Your glorious, firm breasts and hanging in their full glory. Hard, large nipples are straining at the tight blouse and I reach up and bite one. You gasp, and pull away, but immediately come back to position and lower the other one to my waiting, hungry teeth, almost silently begging me to do it again. I oblige, taking the full nipple between my teeth, tugging and teasing, pulling it down and stretching the flesh until you writhe above me. I work hard with my mouth, moving between breasts, wetting the fabric of your blouse until the flesh is almost visible through it. As I take more and more of your full breast into my mouth, I work my hand under the skirt and slide it up your thigh to the top of the hold-ups. You are soaking, dripping wet again, the vibrator did its work. I push my three fingers back in, the angle means they hook around and into you, my thumb tweaking you clit.

You are gasping and moaning, wanting me to do more. Finally I stop my biting, and take my fingers out of your sopping folds of slick flesh. Keeping you knelt I raise up the skirt and fest my eyes on your magnificent ass. I can see the flange of the plug nestled firmly between the globes of your cheeks. You sway as I stroke those cheeks, reaching for the vibrator to tease at the mouth of your love tube, your cunt... I have never used that word before, but in this game it seems so appropriate, and you breathe sharply in as I say it aloud. I am teasing the plug base, and now sliding the vibrator in between your cunt lips again. This time its easy, you ease back onto to it, all thought of fighting it forgotten as you remember the pleasure the fullness brought. Its going to get fuller, but you are not yet aware of it.

My raging cock is reacting to what I am doing, and is now fully hard but with the advantage of having cum I know I can last longer this time. I take you the plug, drawing a disappointed sigh from you as it pops out past the now stretched ring at the entrance to your rear hole. As I slide the vibrator in a little further I tell you to grab the end and start to do yourself with it, I want to watch as you reach underneath you to fill your own cunt with this toy. I also want to prepare. As you play hard with yourself I ease a shiny, black condom onto my steaming hot cock. I position the head of my cock between your ass cheeks, and you turn your head, wondering what I am doing.

Yes, I say, you are about to lose your ass's virginity, do you have a problem?? Shall I stop and take all the toys and my cock away?? You shake your head, face forward and lift your ass a little further for me as I push the head of my solid member into the waiting hole. You yell that its not going to go... but I push and sure enough, the head pops past the ring loosened by the plug. Groans from your lips, you remember to keep playing with the vibrator but I know that's going to get harder. You collapse slightly onto your elbow, raising you ass into a perfect position and I push a couple more inches in, feeling the toy in your cunt but not exploding myself yet. You feel so tight, yet so good as I move in and out, going further in each thrust as your breathing gets shorter and shorter. Finally I seem to be all the way in, your ragged breath tells me you are enjoying this more than you ought to.

I start to pound away and you let go of the vibrator and fall onto both arms, yelling at me to stop, to go harder, to do anything to make you come. I can already feel my cum beginning to boil, the tightness of your rear hole is fantastic on my hard cock. You scream again, and cum, clenching me with the muscles of your ass as wave after wave takes over you. Its too much and I explode again, pulsing and throbbing in your tight ass as I fill the condom with my second load of cum in less than an hour.

I ease out and raise you up, taking you gently and kissing those fantastically talented lips. Your turn next time, I am all yours.....