 It had been almost a week since she had seen him and Jen was feeling lonely. With the pressures of University and Work, she and her boyfriend Sam weren't able to spend as much time together as they would like.

It was 11pm on a Wednesday night, despite an early lecture in the morning, Jen was still awake, sending Sam descriptive texts suggesting what she would do to him if he were with her:

"I'd love to feel you inside me right now, can't stop thinking of your strong hands circling my waist while you pump your massive cock into me until we cum together...xxx"

Pressing send, she blushed. While Jen was a dirty girl at heart, (she had experimented with many sexual fantasies, like bondage and, Sam's personal favourite, anal), she was extremely shy, which made it difficult for her to express the hot and dirty fantasies which often kept her awake at night.

Ten minutes later, there was still no sexy reply to the text she had sent. Feeling disappointed, having hoped for a bit of naughty dialogue to satisfy her, Jen sighed and reached to turn on her laptop. While nothing compared to the incredible sex she experienced with her boyfriend, after almost a week of chaste pastimes, Jen was frustrated and ready to log in to her favourite website.

Browsing between the various categories, she finally selected "Toys and Masturbation," thinking that it would suit her mood! Scrolling through the available stories, Jen frowned, nothing was really catching her eye and all she could think about was Sam. Suddenly, she heard a rumbling coming from under her Mac, it was her phone which she'd put on silent. Hoping she had received a message from him, she leaned across and activated the touch screen in order to read the text.

"Message from: Sam

Aw darling I'm thinking of you too...wish I could see you tonight but I have so much uni work to do, I'm surrounded by textbooks and half finished essays. I'll see you on the weekend like we planned. Love you xoxox"

"What?!" Jen exclaimed, feeling rejected and defiant, she selected a story and started reading. Despite the disappointing message from her boyfriend, she began to feel her knickers becoming moist and her nipples hardening. 

She was desperate for relief and frantically ripped off her pants and t-shirt, reaching for her pink vibrator and lubricant. She lay back, her knees up and her feet flat on the bed, with the laptop in plain view and got to work. She began by slowly circling three fingers around her clit, moistening them with lube and periodically pushing her middle finger deep into herself. As the story reached it's peak, Jen's stroking got faster and she reached for the vibrator...however, she didn't seem to be able to be becoming aroused as quickly as normal. She turned the vibrator up to its highest level and rubbed it onto her clit, simultaneously rubbing furiously at her G-spot, hoping for some reaction from her sex-starved pussy. While she was beginning to feel warm and tingly, despite 20 minutes of dirty sex stories and self stimulation, she simply didn't feel anywhere close to orgasm.

Groaning with frustration, she flung the vibrator onto the floor beside her bed and crossed her arms. Jen was increasingly annoyed at how dependant she had become on Sam's skilled hands and intense sex sessions. She seemed almost incapable of bringing herself to orgasm anymore; nothing compared to him.

Just as she was beginning to replay their last steamy session in her mind, (he had tied her up to a beam in his house and licked her wet and excited pussy into submission before hooking her legs over his shoulders and plunging himself into her), Jen's phone buzzed again. Rolling her eyes at the interruption, she reluctantly picked it up and viewed her new message:

"Message from: Sam

Are you still awake sweetheart? I've got something for you...knock knock xoxox"

Just then, Jen heard a knock on her glass front door, which was right next to her bedroom door in the flat she shared with her friend. Curious and unbelieving, she slowly got out of bed, slipped a long t-shirt over her naked and sticky body and went to answer the door.

There he was! Sam stood, cheekily smiling, a bottle of wine in one hand and the other stretched out to greet her. Jen shrieked and leapt into his embrace, kissing him frantically. Sam sidestepped into the flat, locking the door behind him in one swift movement. He took Jen by the hand and led her into her bedroom, pulling two glasses and a bottle opener from his bag.

"After you sent me that text, I knew I couldn't stand another night without you. I jumped on a train to surprise you tonight." He whispered. Jen smiled and reached for his hand, without saying anything she placed it, palm up, high between her legs and looked expectantly into his eyes.

Sam moaned, put the wine and the glasses down and threw Jen onto the bed. She sat up to kiss him, wrapping her legs around his muscular body. He kissed her passionately, holding the back of her head and nibbling her lips, before groaning, "I've missed you so much" into her ear. Jen giggled and whipped her top off, revealing her naked body, shivering with anticipation and desire. Sam maintained eye contact as he lowered his face and took her nipple into his mouth with a long lick of his expert tongue. He sucked hard, rolling the pink bud around with his tongue, while his hand advanced downwards, below Jen's waist. Jen bit her thumb and looked shyly down at her lover as he hooked her legs over his shoulders and pulled her pussy open, ready to receive his eager tongue. He watched her eyes roll back in pleasure as he slowly began to lick her clit, using the flat of his tongue, upwards from her vagina. As Jen moaned, Sam furiously began burying his face into her, plunging his tongue into her now soaking pussy, rubbing her clit with his nose. Close to orgasm now, Jen wrapped her legs around his head, pulling him closer to her. She soon began to feel the familiar tightening of muscles as her orgasm approached. Jen started uncontrollably moaning, her hips bucking involuntarily as Sam's tongue tipped her over the edge. He held her down as he finished her off, eventually coming up to kiss her mouth, to let her taste herself on his lips.

"You taste amazing," he smiled, before leaning to kiss her breasts again, while pushing himself into her.

Jen moaned hard. This was exactly what she had been craving all week. She rubbed her hands up and down his thighs as he slowly pumped into her, his strong hands around her waist, just as she craved. She leaned up to kiss him passionately, wrapping her legs around him. They effortlessly rolled over onto their sides, pulling their bodies close together so that they could kiss and hold each other, while bringing themselves ever closer to the edge of orgasm.

"I can feel every inch of you," Jen moaned, tightening herself around Sam's huge, hard dick. She pulled him close to her, kissing his neck.

"Oh Jen, you're to tight, I can't take it!" Cried her man, as he rolled her onto her front and took her from behind in the doggy style position. Jen bit her lip, this was their favourite position, she loved feeling the full length of his cock push into her, pumping furiously, it never failed to give them a hot and sticky simultaneous orgasm.

Sam held Jen's hips as she lowered her torso to the bed, holding on to the mattress. She looked back over her shoulder at him and simply whispered: "Fuck me."

Sam let out a moan and pushed hard into Jen's soaking pussy, reaching under her to stimulate her clitoris with his thumb. Jen's body began reacting, thrusting back into his dick as he started to feel his oncoming orgasm. As Jen's screams reached a crescendo, she felt Sam twitching inside her, she groaned, knowing that his orgasm was close. She reached down and started pulling his balls, screaming: "Do it, do it, come inside me Sam, I want to feel it!" At this she heard him let out an animal roar as he pounded into her, holding her pussy close onto his dick, squirming inside her as his orgasm subsided.

She smiled to herself, slid off him and turned around. Jen leant down, grabbed Sam's softening dick and licked everything off it, concentrating on the sensitive end. Sam shuddered as his sensitive knob was given its final treat. Jen grinned cheekily up at him, kissed his mouth and said, "Thanks for coming."