 Author's Note: The characters in this story, "Joy" and "I", were previously introduced in "Finally, My First Time", in which "I" gave his virginity to "Joy" in the first of a series of stories about the evolution of their relationship as they explore their sexuality together. They also were featured in "Happy Birthday to Me." While it isn't necessary to read the previous tales the background information will provide the reader with additional context that may add to their reading pleasure. 

All characters are fictional; any resemblance to real persons is coincidental; the events depicted are the product of my very fertile imagination and/or personal bucket list. All characters are 18 years of age or older at the time of any sexual activity.

*****

Game Night... A group of friends decides to get together and play their favorite board or card games. Who among us hasn't spent at least one evening with good friends playing games? Wouldn't you consider having a Game Night a pretty tame way to spend time with friends?

I did until one Friday night in 1976. I was a relatively naïve 26 year old junior executive, head over hills in love with Joy, a 21 year old blue eyed, ash blonde beauty. Joy and I had become a couple a few months earlier, after attending our company's annual employee Christmas party together. 

Shortly after our relationship began she accepted an opportunity to advance her career with a new employer, where she met Melanie. The two young women quickly became office buddies, then began to socialize outside the office.

When my 26th birthday approached, Joy decided to celebrate it by having a surprise birthday party for me, which Melanie and her husband, Peter agreed to host at their apartment. That night Joy and I stayed in Melanie and Pete's guest room overnight, where we had engaged in lovemaking so intense that our host and hostess ended up cheering us on through the wall between their bedroom and the guest room, much to our initial embarrassment.

Later Joy and I reflected on that night's activities. I had to admit that when I realized that our lovemaking had become an erotic performance for our audience of our two friends just on the other side of the wall it had simultaneously turned me on and embarrassed me. The discovery of that exhibitionistic tendency that I hadn't previously known to exist within me planted a seed that soon would grow.

Melanie and Pete's apartment quickly became our weekend love nest. We would arrive on Friday afternoon after work, spend the weekend together with our friends enjoying various activities and leave for home Sunday evening to prepare for the upcoming work week.

Joy and I took full advantage of those weekends to enjoy the opportunities to satisfy our passion, but only in private, behind the closed doors of our guest room love nest. We also took the precaution of pulling the bed away from the wall, preventing further incidents when our lovemaking became overenthusiastic.

After several weekends of partying with Melanie and Peter Joy told me that Melanie had suggested that we make the upcoming Friday night "Game Night". That sounded like a fun way to spend the evening so I immediately agreed to the idea. I volunteered to bring my favorite game, "Trivial Pursuit" and Joy brought "Yahtzee" and "Uno" from her collection. Mellie and Pete had a number of other games to choose from, so we expected a busy, fun night.

Friday night, after we all finished dinner and cleaned up the dishes we sat down at the dining table, ready to compete. We started the activities with Yahtzee, which was easily won by Joy. We moved on to my favorite game, Trivial Pursuit, where I easily defeated all comers, impressing everyone with my knowledge of the seemingly worthless facts that answered the obscure questions which appeared on the cards. We then started a game of Uno, but soon quit, finding it too boring. Playing Monopoly was discussed, but we all agreed that it was getting too late to start a game; it was likely to take hours to complete it.

Since it was still too early to turn in we each tossed out ideas for another game we could play. Pete pulled out a stack of board games, but each was considered and quickly rejected for one reason or another. Finally Pete suggested playing cards. We quickly found that we were all novices when it came to card games, and as a last resort Pete asked "How about Poker? Joy objected "I don't even know the rules." Melanie chimed in "I played poker one time. I sort of know how to play." At that point we all agreed to give the game a try.

We began to outline the rules we would play by, agreeing to deal five cards, with each player being permitted to discard as many cards as they wanted from the hand they were dealt and draw replacements. In order to keep the game simple, we would be limited to one round of draws, with the best hand winning at the end of the round. 

Just when we thought we were ready to play Pete asked "What will we play for?" We all looked at each other questioningly, no one seeming to have a suggestion. Out of the blue Melanie blurted out "Our clothes... Let's play Strip Poker!" Pete looked at her like she had two heads and asked "Are you crazy?" I immediately perked up, titillated by the exciting possibility of getting naked for the girls and getting peeks of the unadorned charms of the two sexy ladies in the room.

Melanie answered "No I'm not crazy. Why not? We're all adults. Nobody has anything special to hide." She continued, "Let's make it really simple. The person with the worst hand at the end of each game has to take off an article of clothing. When a person loses all their clothes they are out of the game. The last one with any clothes on wins." 

Pete turned to Joy and me and incredulously asked "Are you willing to play?" 

My voyeuristic instinct reacted instantly 'C'mon, you know that you want these babes naked... Think about those hot tits and juicy pussies waving in your face... It'll be like the live shows at the adult theaters downtown, only better!' My manhood jumped enthusiastically beneath my pants.

My newly discovered exhibitionist side chimed in, daring me 'Go for it, man... Show off what you've got... You've been wanting to go to a nude beach or nudist resort... Here's your chance to see what it feels like... You'll love it!' My shaft began to swell with anticipation.

Simultaneously, the conservative, traditional side of me that usually ruled my behavior was resisting. 'Hold on... Let's just think about this for a minute... Are you sure that you really want to do this?... You may end up somewhere that you don't want to be!... You better not... What if somebody finds out you did this?... Your body isn't anything to write home about... Nobody wants to see what's in your pants... Do you want everyone to know that you're a pervert?' 

Trying to appease all of the warring factions in my mind I answered as matter of factly as I could, "I will if Joy wants to."

Joy passed the buck to Melanie, "I will if Mellie will."

Melanie turned to Pete and challenged him, "Well, everyone is willing to play... Are you going to be a party pooper?"

Pete shook his head and reluctantly answered "Oh, I guess if everyone else is sure that they're OK doing it. I'll play".

Just when we thought we were ready to start Joy interrupted "Wait a minute. We all need to start out with the same number of clothes or the game's not fair." We all realized that she was right and compared what we were wearing. We decided that the girls would start out with slacks, shirts, bras, panties and a pair of socks, a total of six items. The guys would start out with slacks, shirts, undershirt, underpants and a pair of socks, also a total of six items. Belts, Jewelry, eyeglasses and other accessories would not count and couldn't be substituted for any clothing items. As I realized that this was really going to happen I could feel the blood begin to pool in my groin area.

We all looked around nervously at each other as we sat around the table, waiting for the first hand to be dealt. As she shuffled the deck Melanie paused for a moment, then suggested "Wait a minute. I have a better idea... These chairs are uncomfortable. Let's go in and sit on our bed. It's king size, so we'll have plenty of room, and it will be a lot more comfortable."

Up popped the yellow caution sign and a flood of thoughts came with it, 'Wait a minute... What's she up to?... Strip poker is one thing... This might turn into an uncontrollable orgy... Are you ready for that?' I recognized that we were approaching a fork in the road. 

The pathway to the left might be an exciting trip into the world of nudity, flaunting my body, and ogling forbidden parts of a pair of beautiful, sexy, naked women... or it might be the road to depravity, perversity and destruction of my budding relationship with Joy. 

To the right was the pathway to the world of traditional society. All my instincts encouraged me to follow the pathway to safety and normalcy. 

Meanwhile, my more adventurous side was waving green flags and pointing to the pathway to the left, challenging me to take the risks along that road and promising that it would lead to an exciting and rewarding new life for my partner and me.

I paused, looking to Joy's body language for the right choice as I considered the two options. Finding no answers in her eyes I stood up, took Joy's hand in mine, and followed Melanie and Peter into their bedroom. Melanie sat down near the headboard. I sat at the foot of the bed, facing her. Joy sat to my right, facing Pete, who sat to my left. As we positioned ourselves I felt the stirrings of excitement between my legs as I anticipated what we had all agreed to do.

Mellie reached over to the nightstand next to the bed and switched on the radio, tuning to an oldies station. She turned down the volume, commenting "This music in the background will be relaxing while we play" We all murmured our agreement with her sentiments.

With tingles of excited anticipation combined with nervous butterflies fluttering in my stomach I looked across at Mellie, studying her features for the first time. Mellie was twenty two years old, fairly tall, about 5'9" and very slim. She had a full head of very kinky long yellow blonde hair and wore eyeglasses with very large round lenses surrounded by clear plastic frames. As she removed them, commenting "I won't be needing these" I saw her sparkling light blue eyes, perky little upturned nose, and inviting lips. I decided that she was girl next door cute, not beautiful, like Joy was. 

As I continued to check out Mel I noticed her boyish chest, her breasts barely evident beneath her loose T-shirt. Her narrow waist flared to pleasantly curvy hips. Very long, slim legs, encased in tight jeans completed the picture. I looked forward to the opportunity to see her in the nude as the little voyeur in my mind imagined what her titties and lady bits would look like when they were uncovered.

I shifted my gaze to Pete. He was younger than Mellie, only twenty, and shorter than she and I, about 5'7" tall. He had thinning short dark hair and brown eyes. He was chunkier than I was, and had developed a small spare tire around his middle even at his young age. I wondered how his hidden package would compare to my own.

Turning to Joy I again realized how lucky I was to have found such a beautiful partner, admiring her silky ash blond hair, her sparkling blue eyes, her inviting lips and the incredible 5'6", 34B-24-34 figure that I knew was hidden by her loose fitting dress slacks. I realized that she was turned on by the idea as I noticed her erect nipples poking up beneath her shirt. 

I paused for a moment to consider my own appearance. At barely 5'10" tall, weighing about 160 pounds I was on the smaller side of average. I was no Charles Atlas, but my body was firm, not flabby. At 26 years of age my full head of medium brown hair was beginning to develop flecks of grey around the edges. The tent that had arisen in my pants provided ample evidence of my excited anticipation as I struggled to maintain my tenuous control over my excitement level.

Scenes of writhing piles of naked bodies from the adult movies I had seen flickered through my mind, both exciting and terrifying me as I wondered if I was about to actually become a participant in such a scene.

Mellie took charge, taking the deck of cards and the sheet ranking the values for the hands from her husband and smiling brightly, she announced "Let's get this game on the road." She shuffled the deck of cards and dealt our first hand to each of us. We each looked carefully at the cards we had been dealt, deciding which we should keep and which to discard.

Joy decided to discard three cards and received three new cards from the deck, frowning at the result. I saw that I had a pair of sixes and three single cards and decided to discard my lowest single, a three, hoping to match one of the other cards. When I received my new card I saw that I hadn't improved my hand any and sighed to myself. Pete asked for two new cards, then smiled at the result. Mel completed the round by drawing four new cards, then called for Joy to show her hand. Joy smiled and revealed her hand, which included three tens. I showed my pair of sixes. Pete waved a pair of fours, and then Mel dropped her cards on the bed showing that she had no matches of any kind, exclaiming cheerfully "I guess I lose" and yanked the sock off her left foot, tossing it in the middle of the bed. We were off and running!

It was Joy's turn to deal the cards, so she shuffled the deck and distributed the cards without comment. I found a pair of twos in my hand, but decided to throw them away, along with a three, hoping to find a match with the two higher cards remaining as I drew new cards. I quickly realized that I had made a bad decision, as none of the cards matched. Pete kept all the cards he was dealt. Mel asked for two new cards, and Joy took one new card. I revealed my hand believing that I had lost the round. Pete showed us his pair of fives and pair of sevens. Mel revealed that she also had a hand with no matches. Joy showed her pair of jacks. Mellie and I compared our cards and my high card of nine beat her high card of eight. I quickly breathed a sigh of relief. Mel casually stripped the sock off her right foot, exclaiming "Here's the other one" and tossed it next to its mate.

Joy handed me the cards and I shuffled and distributed them. We each made our discards and compared the resulting hands. Pete chuckled as he informed us he had drawn a straight, five cards numbered consecutively. Mellie pouted prettily as she displayed a hand with no matching cards. Joy happily reported that she had three sevens, and I showed a pair of tens. Mellie piped up cheerfully, "I guess I lose again" and casually pulled her shirt up over her head, seemingly unconcerned. She tossed it aside, revealing the simple lightweight white bra beneath. 

My eyes were drawn to the bumps created in each cup by the dark nipples inside, which were visibly excited as they hardened. I found myself fighting to resist my urge to release my hot, sticky joy juice into my pants. I wondered 'Is Mel losing on purpose... Is she scheming to have the four of us engage in sex together?'

I wasn't particularly attracted to Mellie's look, and hoped that any sexual activity the game evolved into would be limited to being with our own partners. I didn't want to be with Mellie and I didn't want Joy to be with Pete or any other guy.

As we became more familiar with the game and the cards the pace picked up. Cards were dealt, discarded, drawn and revealed quicker with each hand, and the pile of discarded clothing grew quickly. After Mellie lost the first three hands Joy lost the next two, prompting her to complain "This game is fixed. All the bad cards are going to the girls." Pete and I just chuckled in response, relieved that we were not losing.

Finally the guys' luck ended. I lost a hand, then Pete lost two in a row, adding three more socks to the pile. On the next hand Joy was again unlucky, and had to make a choice of which garment to remove. She decided to remove her slacks, commenting "This shirt is almost as long as a dress" as she wriggled out of her slacks, giving us a peek at the sexy white satin bikini panties beneath. The tent that had arisen in my pants grew larger as the white satin triangle peeked out from between her thighs.

I lost the next two hands, discarding my second sock and then my shirt. Pete lost his shirt, and then his undershirt, each time showing his reluctance to participate by his slow removal of each article of clothing that he lost. As his bare chest appeared Mellie joked "Gee Honey, your boobs are bigger than mine" generating a round of laughter at his expense as he gave her a dirty look while he blushed embarrassedly.

Melanie lost once more, and wriggled out of her jeans, leaving her in her skimpy bikini panties and bra. Since I was sitting directly across from her I was fortunate to notice that as she tugged on her jeans the panties came down with them, and I was able to enjoy a quick preview of her triangle of yellow blond curls that were visible momentarily. As she adjusted her panties a dark damp area above her crack became visible, her arousal clear for all to see. My excited penis jumped reflexively at the tease and filled even more.

I lost once again, and decided to toss my slacks into the pile, leaving me in just my undershirt and underpants. As my white cotton briefs were revealed my level of arousal was evident; my erection stretched the material outward and my swollen glans struggled to escape the constraints of the elastic waistband.

At the conclusion of the next hand Pete followed, surrendering his jeans while he muttered unhappily under his breath, and was left wearing only his tented white briefs. His excitement was evident regardless of his continuing reluctance.

On the next hand Melanie suffered the bad luck to have her pair of queens beaten by Pete's four twos, Joy's pair of aces and my three sixes, and had to choose between losing her bra or panties. Quickly deciding to surrender the bra, she reached behind her back and released the clasp, bent forward and slipped the straps from her shoulders. As the bra dropped to her lap she sat up straight and wiggled her chest, cheerfully exclaiming "Ta Ta" as she stretched out her arms and thrust her chest forward. 

Joy singsonged "I see your Ta Tas" merrily in response, relieving the growing tension in the room momentarily. As Mellie posed with her naked chest pushed out the secret voyeur hidden within me pointed out that she was definitely a member of the 'Itty Bitty Titty Committee' and admired the perkiness of the long dark pointy nipples rising from the smooth hillocks that were perched proudly on her chest.

At the end of the next hand I lost again. The exhibitionist within me released a jolt of adrenalin, stimulating my heart rate to accelerate and my breathing to quicken as I became more excited. Straining to conceal the rush of emotions I was feeling as I inched closer to full nudity I pulled off my undershirt with alacrity in order to disguise my nervousness, and tossed it into the pile, joining Mellie and Pete in the "one step from losing" club. As Mellie saw my firm chest and waistline revealed she turned to her husband and teased "Look Dear, no spare tire" drawing another glare from Pete. 

Fortunately for the three of us Joy became the next unlucky loser. She decided to be tricky, and wriggled out of her bra from beneath her T-shirt without revealing any skin as Mellie grumbled "Cheater." Joy shot back "You're just jealous that you didn't think of doing it."

On the next hand Joy got her reward for her trickery when she ended up with no matches at all in her hand and had to give up the shirt that she had struggled so hard to hang on to. Momentarily she considered discarding her panties instead of the shirt, wondering if she could rely on the length of it to shield her lady bits from view, but eventually decided against that option. She slowly stripped the shirt from her body, reluctantly revealing her perfectly shaped breasts and puffy pink nipples as Melanie let out a loud wolf whistle at the sight.
