 As we sit in the apartment in the early morning hours I think about this evenings happenings. It started when Billy ask me to go out to supper with him. We went to a quiet little Italian place we enjoy. We dined by candlelight with our wine and soft music in the background. It was very romantic. We try to always go out at least once a month and relax and enjoy each others company with no distractions. After our meal we went to a little club we know where we get to dance to all different kinds of music. Billy loves to slow dance with me . He says it is because he gets to rub against my body and touch me in public. He is so naughty at times. 

As we dance to one of the slow songs I feel his hands go down my back and softly cup my ass cheeks in both hands. My arms wrapped around his shoulders, my head on his chest as we sway to the music. I always love the way my body melts into his when we dance this way. His shirt slightly unbuttoned and the little hairs on his chest tickling my nose. He pulls me into him more as we swirl across the floor to the music. I can feel his manhood thru his pants as we rub our bodies together. It is not hard but just swollen from the friction of our pelvises touching. I can feel it pushing out against me and it causes me to get damp. My panties soaking up the moisture coming from within me. I playfully nip at his chest hairs drawing them in my lips and pulling slightly on them. Reaching around and pulling his shirt back a little and running my tongue across his nipple quickly and then putting his shirt back before anyone but us notices. I hear his breath suck in sharply as I do this. He squeezes my ass harder in answer to my playfulness. People are starting to look at us know as the song ends and he stills has my ass in his hands. We decide we should go since it is late now. 

As we leave we are arm in arm giggling and laughing like two teenagers. We crawl in the car and head for the apartment. As he drives I draw little circles on his thigh with my finger tips. It is fun to watch him squirm in the drivers seat as I tease him. Tracing up his thigh to his crotch feeling his manhood strain against the material of his jeans.. I can feel it as it tries to go down the leg of his jeans. My finger tip scraping around the head, as I watch his face as he wiggles in his seat. It is so fun to tease him because I know he will get even with me later when we make love. We pull into the apartment complex and find a parking spot. As we go towards the apartment Billy looks over and see they have left the pool gate open. The pool closes here in the complex at ten. It is almost 1 am and the gate is open. 

Billy wanders over and looks in the pool area and comes back and asks " do you want to go for a swim it is empty?"

Giggling I tell him I have no suit here. He tells me it is alright we will go skinny dipping. We sneak in thru the open gate and the water looks so nice it is about 75 degrees out still and humid, a swim sure sounds good. As we stand off to the side looking around we see no one and hear nothing but the water softly lapping against the sides of the pool. 

We slip our clothes off and slide into the water quietly. The feeling of the warm water slowly covering my body is like a dream. Feeling myself floating into its softness. I then feel Billy come up behind me and wrap his arms around me as he kisses me on my neck. His strong arms up under my breast making them float on top the water as he lightly runs his tongue along my hair line. His arms moving back until his hands are cupping my breasts as we float along. His fingers playing lightly around my nipples not quite touching them. Billy is nipping at my neck as the water rolls over his hands and washes against my nipples causing them to harden. I can feel his cock rubbing against my ass as he pushes harder toward me. He is hard as it slides gently along my ass crack. His fingers then closing around both nipples and squeezing them at the same time. His hands pushing my breast together so that he can pinch my nipples with one hand. As he holds my nipples in one hand he trails the other down to my mound. His mouth still on my neck, now on the side under my ear. I can feel him all over my body causing me to shudder a little. 

My legs part some so he can get his fingers into my pussy to touch there. As my legs part he drops down a little and his cock slips between my pussy lips and slides up to rub across my clit. The head of his cock rubbing past my clit and them catching it again as he pulls back. His fingers moving over my clit as his cock leaves it. I can feel his cock as it slips along my lips and my ass, I push back at him wanting to feel more. As he pushes back in thru my lips his fingers leave my clit to be replaced by his cock again. Damn.. He is switching them so slowly my clit is always covered. He teases me like this for what seems like forever. My body feels like it is on fire right there in the water. Just when I think he is going to enter me I feel him pull away from me. He turns me in the water and faces me as I am along the edge of the pool. I can see the lust in his beautiful green eyes as the shine in the moonlight. 

He picks me up and sets me on the edge of the pool and softly tells me to lay down. I lay down so that my ass is hanging out over the edge over the water. I feel him move up between my legs. His hot breath on my pussy as he slowly licks up the side of my lips to the top of my mound. The tip of his tongue going inside my lips and just touching my clit. He slowly swirls it around the outside of it just the tip touching the edges of my clit as he does. His tongue digging deeper between them till he is against my mound at the top of my clit. My body shifting on the pool deck trying to get him to lick more of me. His fingers starting to play around my hole touching inside me with one finger first. Slightly dipping it into me and curling it upward as he licks across my clit harder this time. My body responding quickly since he had me wound up from teasing me with his cock earlier. I hear myself call to him telling him I want more fingers inside me. I can feel him sink three in me as he sucks my clit up into his mouth. He takes his lips and surrounds my clit and squeezes it. His tongue flicking over the tip of it while he squeezes. My body starts to shake as my orgasm comes over me. All the teasing making me cum fast and hard. As I hear myself tell him I am cumming I feel him slip one finger into my ass. This causes me to shriek a little and moan louder for he knows what it does to me to feel his finger in my ass like that. My whole body spasming now as it rocks thru me with great warmth. His fingers stroking in my pussy and ass at the same time and that wiggling tongue driving me crazy on my clit. 

As I slow down from my orgasm he pulls me toward the water again. I slip in it in front of him. My legs going around his waist and drawing his cock in toward my pussy as I do so. Feeling the head of his cock at my entrance I lock my legs around him making him step into me and sinking his cock into me. 

"Oh God Baby" I hear in my own voice as it hits the back wall of my pussy. I didn't even realize I had spoken till it echoed in my head. The water between us pushing over my clit every time he shoves inward making it sway in its wake. His head leaning down to take my nipple in his mouth as he humps into me in the pool. I can feel the jet of water shooting out from the pool wall onto my lower back and ass. His mouth trying to cover as much of my breast as it can. His thrusts becoming shorter now but harder as he is starting to swell inside me. His head scraping along all the walls of my pussy as I squeeze him as he drives into me. I feel his hand go between us and his thumb glide over my clit pushing down hard on it and rubbing it. I feel it roll under his thumb and slip to the side and he rolls his thumb over to meet it as it does always keeping it covered. My body starts to go again I wrap my arms around him too. I pull myself to him as I sink his face into my breast hard as my orgasm starts to take over. Pushing my pussy hard against him feeling his hand trapped between us in the water as I pound my heals into his ass trying to make him go deeper. He pulls his head up to my face and whispers in my ear "cum for me baby, cum hard" Hearing this makes my body shiver more as it spurns me further into my pleasure. My moans now against his neck as he is buried as deep in me as he can go. He pushes me back wards hard against the pool wall so that he can thrust hard into me. My legs now opening so he can get better angle in me and as he rides into me I feel his shaft rub across my clit. My God what a long orgasm it seems to be going forever. 

His breathing is getting more rapid as he pulls back and spins me around in the water so that I am facing the pool wall. He enters me from behind as he holds my hips. His cock hard as steel driving deep into me in the first thrust. He pulls back on my hips as he does this and sinks even further in. I can tell he is not far from cumming himself. He is getting that low moan in his throat he gets right before he cums. 

I hear Billy tell me " cum again baby, cum for me, I want to feel you cum again with me."

With that I feel him slip his thumb in between us and slip it into my ass. Feeling it enter me there causes a rush to come over me. A warmth spread thru-out my body. His cock stroking in my pussy and his thumb stroking in my ass. As one pulls out the other pushing in moving in opposite directions. I can feel it as they rub along the thin membrane separating the two holes trying to get to each other. My mind ablaze with passion as we both are ready to cum together. I can also feel the jet of water shooting out over my pussy from the pool wall. I hear him growl as he starts to cum and I feel his cock expand inside me, feel the first shot as it travels up his shaft and shoots deep in me. When I feel it splash against my pussy walls I explode myself. Then he sinks his thumb deep into my ass as he makes sure his cock is buried as far as it will go too. I am shaking and quivering as my orgasm over takes me and the feelings carry me away. Closing my eyes and letting the whole thing cascade around me. My little cries of ecstasy mingling with his growls of satisfaction. our bodies becoming as one as we rock in the water letting pleasure take over.

As his cock slowly stops pulsing and leaking fluid I feel him pull out. I start to protest then I feel him slide it up and push it softly against my ass. His head slipping in past the tight little ring. The warm water and the fact that his thumb was just there helping it go in easier. Billy knows how much I like to have his cock in my ass. I know not all girls do, but something about it drives me wild with desire. I can't believe his cock is still hard usually he goes down for awhile after cumming but not tonight. His cock penetrating deeper into me. I can feel him stretching my ass as it slips further in till it is all in and he is snuggly against me. 

"Oh My God Billy it feels so good baby" again I hear it after I say it not realizing I did. He starts to slowly fuck my ass now pulling back until just the head is in and then slowly sinking back into me. His cock moving more freely now in my ass. My fingers go down and stroke my clit as he fucks me a little faster. It feels so good as I take my clit between my first two fingers and my thumb and squeeze it and stroke it like a little cock as I squeeze. I am so hot as he fucks my ass harder and I feel my fingers and the water surrounding my clit. He tells me it feels so good my ass clinching down on his cock as he fucks me. It is so strange to here him say "fuck" he hates that word. He always says make love to you when he is doing everything but my ass. He does fuck me then he is starting to shove harder in me as I push back at him and he pulls at my hips. I feel my next orgasm cumming over me as I squeeze hard on my clit and I shout out I am cumming so he can shove hard into me. His cock pushing thru my ass. His fingers squeezing my hips as he pulls back hard. His cock flexing inside me making it feel that much better as I go over the top my orgasm crashing in on me taking over my body and mind. 

I vaguely hear him telling me " cum for me baby I want to feel you cum" My mind in tune with his so much that I am not sure he said it but I know he is thinking it and I hear it anyway. And it makes it even stronger knowing that if I keep squeezing his cock he will come again too. My fingers moving over my clit faster and faster as I continue to cum. He is fucking me faster now telling me he is getting close again and is going to cum in my ass. 

"Oh yes Baby I want you to cum in my ass. Shoot your hot sticky seed in my ass baby." I can't believe I am talking so nasty but it does bring it out in me when he does this to me. Oh God I feel another orgasm already as they just seem to be one long orgasm now." Yes, Yes baby" I hear myself cry as he leans over me and tells me he is cumming too. I feel his cock expand and explode inside my ass. His whole body trembling as he does. His cries of ecstasy are as loud or louder than mine. My orgasm takes over and I feel myself going out this time. My fingers no longer even rubbing my clit it is throbbing on it's own. My whole body convulsing on it's own accord. My eyes roll back and I am floating away. Still I feel and hear everything but have no control of it at all. 

As I come back around we are in the shallow end of the pool where I am being held by Billy. He is telling me it is alright and that I am safe. As I start to speak I hear someone clapping. I look around and it is the neighbors to the south of us they are watching from their balcony.... They are naked and look like they have been making love to as we were. I am embarrassed now and we swim over to our clothes and get dressed. As we are leaving the pool area they tell us to come see them tomorrow they want to talk... 

Well that might be another story never know...