 "Hi, my names George, what's yours?" I asked, as the band played an especially loud number in the small crowded bar.

"Julie." She shouted back at me. "Do you come here often?"

"No, first time here. I'm from out of town."

"Really? Where you from?"

"Virginia. I live in a very small town in the mountains." I replied. "Would you like another drink?"

"Yes, that would be nice."

I finally cornered a waitress and placed my order, telling her to bring them to my corner booth.

"Have a seat, Julie."

"Thanks, don't mind if I do. I'm tired of standing anyway." She replied.

The band took a well-deserved break and we were able to talk at a normal decibel level for a change. She was a pretty woman, blond with twinkling eyes and a smile that set you right at ease. Her eyes were green and speckled with tiny gold colored flecks. Her breasts were medium sized and I had already determined that she wasn't wearing a bra. Her ass was solid looking and if truth be told, was what had attracted me in the first place. I saw the ring on her left hand and knew she was married and wondered where her husband was.

"Out of town." She said, answering my unasked question.

"Pardon me."

"My husbands out of town for the next few days; I saw you looking at my ring."

"Oh, ok, for a minute there I thought you might be a mind reader." I said, smiling at her.

"I am, sometimes." She said, "In fact, I bet that I can tell you what's on your mind right now."

"Ok, I'll bite, what's on my mind right now?" 

"You're wondering if I'm here to pick up a man for a little husband away fun. Aren't you?"

"Ah, well, that's sort of what I was thinking, yes."

"Ok then, I'll be more specific this time." She said, as she placed her hand on my arm and looked me straight in the eyes. "You're wondering if I'm going to let you fuck me tonight."

I sat there stunned. Sure, I wanted to fuck her, and with her face and body, who wouldn't? I was momentarily taken aback by her bluntness but quickly decided that I had nothing to lose, so I gave it my best shot.

"Your exactly right, Julie. Are you?"

"If you just want to fuck me, no, that isn't going to happen. But if you'd be willing to play a few, shall we say, games with me, then there's a very good chance that before the nights over, you will have buried your cock in me several times."

"Games?" I asked, "What kind of games do you mean?"

"Nothing that you won't want to do, George, in fact, I think you'll enjoy them as much as I will."

"Ok, Julie, I'm game, when do we start?"

"Right now, George, we start right now." She said with a very lascivious look in her eyes, "I'm going to get up in a minute and go to the ladies room. I want you to wait five minutes and then follow me there. I'll be in one of the stalls waiting for you." 

"But, won't there be other women in there?" I asked with what I'm sure was a stupid look on my face. "How am I going to do that?"

"If you want to fuck me bad enough, you'll figure a way." She replied, as she got up and walked towards the back of the bar, my eyes following every step she took.

Five minutes is normally a short amount of time. But it's not that short when you've been tasked to do something that you probably shouldn't do in the first place and have no idea how you're going to accomplish it anyway.

I looked at my watch and then sucked in my breath and stood. I glanced around and no one was paying me the least bit of attention as I started to walk to the back of the bar and the restrooms.

The women's room door appeared before me and as I was reaching for the handle, it opened and an older woman walked out, almost colliding into me. "Sorry Madam," I said. "I think I've had too much to drink. I'm looking for the men's room."

"It's right behind you, you damn drunk." She said with great contempt as she walked away in a huff.

I slowly opened the door a few inches and saw that the room was empty as far as I could see. I entered quickly and walked to the first of the three stalls.

"Julie?" I whispered, "Where are you?"

I heard a light tap on the last stall that was next to the wall and walked over to it. I didn't hesitate because I was afraid that at any minute some woman would walk through the door and catch me in there. I opened the stall door and stepped inside, closing the door behind me. I turned and she was there with a big grin on her face.

"I knew you'd find a way, George." She said, as she threw her arms around me and pressed her body tight against me. 

She raised her face to mine and I leaned down and kissed her lips. Her tongue worked between my lips and rubbed across my teeth. I opened my mouth slightly and she wasted no time in finding my own tongue. I dropped my hands and cupped her ass cheeks and squeezed softly. She moaned into my mouth and held me tighter. I could feel that her nipples were becoming hard and I wanted so badly to put my hands on them and feel her breasts.

She broke the embrace and grinned wickedly at me as she stepped on top of the closed toilet and started to unbutton her pants. My face was almost level with her crotch and I held my breath as I watched her slide her jeans down her legs to her feet. I gasped when I saw that she also wasn't wearing panties, her furry bush right in front of my face.

"Do you like to eat pussy, George?" She asked, as she put her hands down and pulled open the lips of her pussy for my inspection. "I hope you do because there's nothing I like better than to have my pussy eaten."

I could smell her arousal as I put my hands on the back of her ass and slowly massaged her cheeks. I could see small glistening drops of her juice slowly seeping from her vagina and trickling down her thighs as I moved my face closer and closer to her pussy.

I made contact with her engorged clit and I felt her shudder as I slowly ran my tongue around the stiff little nub, using my lips to tug on it. I removed one of my hands from her ass and ran a finger up and down her wet slit, her body already starting to quiver as my mouth and finger preformed their magic on her cunt.

"Oh yes," She moaned softly, "Finger me as you lick my pussy, George, God, it feels so good." Her hips were rocking back and forth as I added another finger to the mix and started to inch the tips of my fingers into her hot, hungry hole. I started a regular rhythm of in and out with my fingers as my tongue and lips licked, swirled and sucked on her clit.

"Jesus, George, you sure know how to make my clit happy. Oh yes, please keep doing that."

I turned my palm over so that it was facing upwards and used two fingers to reach up to the top of her pussy and find her G spot. I knew I had hit it because she started to moan and shake uncontrollably, her hips pushing hard against me hand.

"I'm going to cum, George; I'm going to cum hard...right now!"

I felt her pussy muscles tighten around my tickling fingers and saw her cum squirt out around my hand and then slowly drip to the floor. She pulled my face tight against her pussy and I gave her clit one last lick and then pulled my head back and looked up at her.

"Did you enjoy that, Julie?"

"Oh yes, that was just great. I needed that badly, George. God, my pussy is still tingling from your fingers and tongue."

"I'm glad that I was able to get you off like that. I didn't know that you were going to squirt though."

"I've never had that happen. I swear, George. I don't know what you did to me but damn, it felt fucking good. And look at me, I'm soaking wet. Will you hand me some tissues please?"

I pulled a handful of tissues off the roll and handed them to her. She wiped her thighs and inner legs and then rubbed it across her wet pussy, soaking up most of her juices. She handed the paper to me but I just put it in my back pocket and then licked my wet fingers and hand until I had cleaned her cum from them. She pulled her jeans back up and fastened then and I helped her step down. She put her arms around me and kissed me quickly and then opened the stall door and walked out.

"See you back at the booth, George." She said, as the door to the woman's room closed behind her.

** ** ** ** **

I finally made it back to our booth without raising any alarms or running in to any more women coming into the bathroom. I sat down and picked up my beer which had grown warm in our absence.

"I ordered another round for us." Julie said. "You deserve a beer or two."

The drinks arrived and soon we were deep in another conversation about her 'games'. 

"So, what s the next one to be, Julie?" I asked.

"You'll see." She said, as she got up and walked over to the stage and said something to one of the musicians. She turned and walked back towards me and held out her hand.

"Let's dance, George."

The band started to play an old slow instrumental tune that I recognized and I stood and walked her to the center of the floor, took her in my arms and we began to dance. I held her close and could feel her breasts pressing against my chest as we swayed on the floor. I put my head down and kissed her softly on the side of her neck and then on the lobe of her ear. I heard her intake of breath and she kissed me on my neck too.

I dropped my hands to her ass and pulled her hips against the growing bulge in my pants. As we danced, she slowly gyrated her hips against my cock.

The lights suddenly dimmed and a single multi faceted party light started to bounce tiny points of light around the room. She pulled her hips away from my body and her hand went between us and unzipped my jeans. She expertly fished my cock out of my pants and began to stroke me as we danced.

"What are you doing?"

"Relax and enjoy it George, no one can see us as dark as it is."

"But the lights will be back on in a few minutes." I said, "Then what? I don't want to be caught with my dick out."

"Oh, I expect you'll have cum by the time they come back on."

Her soft, warm hand stroking my cock in the darkened room with dozens of people around us and knowing that we could be caught at any second, seemed to be a great turn on for her and as it turned out, for me also. I got into what she was doing to my cock and let both the music and her hand take over my life for a little while.

"Does it feel good, George?" She asked, as she steadily stroked my cock; my breath coming in ragged gasps as she brought me to the brink of orgasm.

"Yes, yes, it feels so good. Don't stop, I'm almost there." I said, as I opened the distance between us to allow her hand more freedom to make me cum.

"Tell me when you're ready to cum, George; I don't want you to shoot off all over our clothes"

She squeezed her hand tighter around my cock and increased her tempo; my balls tightened and I felt that familiar feeling building up.

"Now, Julie, oh yes, I'm cumming now."

She pulled away from me but never let go of my cock, nor did she stop stroking it. She bent at her waist and placed her mouth over the end of my cock just as the first hot spurt streamed out. I felt her mouth sucking greedily as I emptied my balls; my knees became so weak and wobbly that I grabbed at her shoulders to remain upright.

I had just stuffed my rapidly shrinking cock back into my jeans when the lights came back on and the band started another, much faster song. Julie looked at me and smiled, then turned and walked back to the booth. I checked to be sure I was put back properly and joined her.

"What is it with you and sex in public places?" I asked, "I'm certainly not complaining, but it sort of scares me. I'm sure that there must be laws about that kind of shit."

"George, it's a fucking turn on for me. It makes my pussy so wet, knowing that at any minute I could be caught. It makes me almost, hell, I have cum in my panties, knowing that there are people all around me; that if they really looked, they'd see what I was doing, right under their noses.

"Now that you understand me a little better, are you ready for another game George, or do you want to call it quits?"

"I have never been a quitter, Julie, and I don't intend to start now. I do need to have a couple of beers though and then after that, let's play!"

As we sat there drinking our beers, she took the opportunity to unbutton two buttons on her shirt and spread the material apart slightly. I could see the beginnings of her breasts and when she turned sideways for a second, I saw that her breast looked as good as I had originally thought.

"Let's go out to the parking lot, George. Maybe we can find something to do out there."

We got up and I tossed a few bucks on the table, put my hat on and we walked out of the door into the warm, darkness of the lot. I led her to my truck and put the tailgate down for us to sit on. The sky was clear with no moon and there must have been a million stars twinkling above us. There was enough light for us to see each other but I didn't think that to a casual observer we could be seen unless they walked right next to us. 

Sitting there, staring at the stars, she laid her head on my shoulder and sighed. I put my arm around her and gave her a hug, then kissed the top of her head.

"Julie, may I ask you a question?"

"Sure, what is it?"

"These games of yours, have you ever played them with your husband?"

"No, I haven't. He doesn't understand my.. my needs. I've tried to explain, but he just turns a deaf ear.

"George, I love my husband very much. He's a good provider and treats me like a queen. But when it comes to sex, and I guess I have myself to blame, he just doesn't have a clue. He's not willing to try anything new or even let me do the things that I love to do to a man. 

"Look, I've known you now for what, a couple of hours? Already you've eaten my pussy in a stall in the woman's room and I've swallowed your cum after jacking you off in the middle of a goddamn dance floor. It would never occur to him to even consider doing something like that with me or anyone else for that matter.

"Sex to him, is the once or twice a month chore that he thinks will keep me happy, and George, it doesn't."

I didn't know exactly what to say and sometimes saying nothing is the best course, so I just squeezed her shoulder and kissed the top of her head again.

"I don't do this very often; maybe once or twice a year when he goes out of town for his business meetings and only then if I'm really very horny. Most of the time I stay at home and read sex stories or watch a porno flick on the tube and then them fuck myself silly with my vibrator. 

"I'm generally a very good judge of character and have never been disappointed in my choice of playmates. That's why I decided on you, the minute you walked in the door. I could tell that you'd be receptive to my needs, and sure enough, within the first two minutes of our conversation, I knew that you were the one. 

"That's enough talk for now George, are you ready to play another game?"

** ** ** ** **

Julie slid off the tailgate and began to unbutton the last few buttons her shirt and then pulled it out of her jeans. She shrugged the shirt off her shoulders and stood there facing me; her breasts proudly on display. They were larger than I had originally thought and her nipples were large and stiff. She cupped her breasts with her hands and as her forefingers flicked across her nipples, she drew a sharp breath. "Do you like them, George?" She said, as she bounced them up and down.

"Hell yes, Julie, they're beautiful."

She stepped closer to me and I took them in my hands. She sighed and watched me as I gently rolled her nipples between my fingers. I leaned over and took one of her hard nipples in my mouth, my tongue licking around her areole. She put her hand on the back of my head, pulling me tight against her breast.

"Suck it, George, suck on my tits."

As I was busy with her tits, I saw her reach down and unbutton her jeans and then tug them down her legs. She turned us around and sat down on the tailgate again.

"Pull my jeans off of one leg, George."

I did as she asked as quickly as I could. She reached for my belt and drew me closer to her then unbuttoned my jeans. I pushed them down around my knees; my cock was as hard as a diamond and almost bursting from my underwear. 

"Take your cock out, George. I want to see it."

I looked around the parking lot and except for a stray dog, saw no one around. I could hear the bass beat from the band inside and figured that as long as they continued to play, we would be undisturbed.

I took it in my hand a started to slowly stroke it in front of Julie. She put her hand out and rubbed a small drop of precum that was glistening at the tip and then put it in her mouth and licked it off with her tongue.

"Do you want to fuck me, George?" She asked. "Do you want to stick that cock of yours deep in my cunt and fuck me hard?"

"Oh God, yes!" I exclaimed.

"Bring it on then." She said as she patted her pussy with her hand and smiled at me.

I placed the head of my cock against her wet slit and rubbed it up and down several times, coating it with her juice. I found the entrance to her core and slowly slid my hard cock inside her. She scooted further down on the tailgate, allowing my cock to go deeper in her pussy.

"Does that feel good?"

"Oh, yes, it sure does, George, I love the way you're filling my pussy with your big cock."

"God, you have a tight pussy." I said, as I picked up my pace and started to stuff my cock deep in her cunt.

"Mmmmm, it feels so good when you push deep in me. Do it harder now, George."

I could feel my balls slapping against the cheeks of her ass as my cock repeatedly stabbed in and out of her cunt. I leaned forward and took a nipple in my mouth, sucking hard on it. 

"Fuck me harder, George, fuck me," she urged, "I'm close George, I'm so fucking close."

My cock felt ready to explode; the friction from her tight cunt was making it feel extremely good and I knew it wouldn't be much longer before I came.

"Oh, oh, ohhhh, Give it to me, George, cum for me, baby, shoot your cum in my pussy when your ready."

I let go of her nipple and drove my cock as far inside her pussy as I could push it. She wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled me closer still. I knew it was starting when my balls tingled and contracted, my cum was on its way.

"Now, Julie, I'm cumming now." I said, as thick streams of cum shot out of my cock and splashed against the walls of her pussy. I could feel her cunt gripping my cock as I continued to pump cum deep inside her. 

"Oh God, it feels so fucking good." I said. "I don't ever want to stop."

"I'm cumming too, ohhhh, God!" Julie shouted, as her hips bucked back and forth.

Our commingled juices flowed out of her pussy and dripped down onto my balls, covering them with her creamy cum. 

"That was so hot." I told her, as I withdrew my cock and rubbed it over her clit; the last traces of my spunk dripping off the tip. "I haven't cum like that in years."

"I haven't had a fuck that good in a long time either, George." She said breathing hard, "Would you want to fuck me again, if I take you to my house?"

I pulled my jeans up and then picked hers up off the ground where she had lost them as we fucked and handed them to her. As she started to put them on, the band stopped playing and the front door of the bar opened. Several couples came out and walked straight towards us. "Hurry, Julie, someone's coming."

"Relax, George." She said smiling, "Remember, it's all just part of the game."