 You know you are chattering nervously on the way to the club. Your girlfriend sits in the back seat, giggling at you. He just smiles. It takes all you have, not to back out, to say you are not ready. But you want this, have had fantasy after fantasy about it..came to it with them. And tonight..its yours..

You get there, and greet all your friends. You look about, checking out the people in attendance, wondering who they will pick for you. You know if you ask them about it, they will just tell you to hush. You let your gaze linger on a few that you find attractive, hoping they will notice. As the night wears on, you find yourself soaking wet, waiting. You kiss her, running your hands through her hair. She pushes you back against the couch, and pulls down your top, roughly, exposing your breasts. She takes a nipple into her mouth, and rolls her tongue around it, making you moan. He sits down beside you, and starts licking the other one. They tease you, gathering a group of admirers, until you beg them to take you into a room and fuck you. The look at each other, mouths still playing with your nipples,a nd you see something pass between them. You can't help but shiver, knowing its time. The both sit up, and take your hands, standing you up. Your nipples are hard and pink, from where they were sucking on them, but they won't release your hands to allow you to redress yourself.

They lead you into the mirror room. You see the look of lust, and fear on your face, reflected a dozen times. And you see the black leather sex swing hanging there. Your knees almost buckle, looking at it, knowing whats in store. They start to undress you, kissing your skin as they go. Their hands work fast, and in a heart beat you stand naked. She leads you to the swing, and guides you into it. Your ass is supported by leather, and your ankles slip into the stirrups. You lean back and look at him, standing at your head. He is watching your face, and you know this is your last out. You smile at him, and he slips the blindfold over your eyes.

As soon as your sight is taken away from you, it begins. You feel her hot breath on your thighs, kissing her way inward. His hands start to slide along your shoulders, then over your breasts. You gasp as he pinches your nipples, then cry out as her tongue enters your pussy. You can hear other people in the room, but its fuzzy, as waves of pleasure flow over you. Her tongue knows you well, first slipping inside you, then lapping at your clit, as two of her fingers fill you up.

You lose track of time as the tease you, never quite letting you cum, but getting you close enough that your pussy aches. Abruptly they are gone, and you are hanging there, hands gripping the leather and chain lines that attach the swing to the ceiling. Then, hands are running up and down your thighs, unfamiliar hands. Your heart leaps, and you whimper. The hands slide up further, and start to explore your pussy. You pull at the straps and moan as the fingers slip inside of you. You hear a deep voice comment about how wet you are. The fingers stroke you, making your back arch off the leather that supports you. You hear the rip of foil, and seconds later a hard cock, wrapped in latex presses against your pussy. He grabs the straps and pulls you onto his cock, and as wet as you are he slides in easily.

You cum almost instantly, your muscles rippling in waves. Your moans and cries fill your ears, and it takes you a moment to get your senses back. The man inside you is shorter than your lover, but thick. He is rough, fucking you hard, using the straps to pull you on and off is cock. You hear the leather creak, and the spring rattles as he bounces you back and forth. He his leaning over you, his chest brushing your nipples, slamming his cock into you. He stiffens, moans, and you feel him shoot into the condom. He slowly slides out of you, and you hang there, gasping in pleasure, and within seconds another set of hands are spreading your thighs.

This man is different..long, hard and confident. He takes his cock and slides it over your clit, over your pussy lips, teasing you. He stops short of penetrating you, running circles with the head of his cock over your clit. He pulls back, and his fingers slip inside, and start to fuck you hard. He holds you steady as he brings you to orgasm with his fingers. As you hasp, he moves between your legs again, and you feel his wrapped cock sliding into your pussy. He is huge, and starts to slowly fuck you, rocking the swing with the deep thrusts of his hips. You body clenches around his cock, and you sit up almost straight, reaching up and grasping the leather in your hands. He puts his hands under your ass, and angles you up, so you are almost riding him. He controls his thrusts, gently sliding in and out, then pounding your pussy, making you scream in pleasure.

Suddenly he drops your hands, and you fall back, supported at the last moment by the leather. At the same moment he starts to fuck you hard and fast, both hands on your hips. The swing bounces you up and down, as he cuts loose. In the background you can hear your girlfriend cumming loud and long. You smells sex, hear moans, the slap of flesh on flesh, and the groans of the man fucking you. At last he simply freezes, and you feel his cock in your tight flesh pumping and throbbing again and again. He goes limp against you, and slowly pulls out. His fingers trail over your flesh as he leaves you, sending you into waves of after shock orgasms.

You hang there, dripping with sweat, knowing the leather below you was slick with your juice. You hear a woman's laugh, and the sound of buckles being fastened. You feel the soft smooth touch of a woman, her nails, start to run over your skin. You smell her perfume as she leans over and licks and sucks your nipples. You feel the smooth hardness of your favorite strap-on brush your arm. A separate set of hands brushes through your hair, and you turn your head, feeling a cock brush your lips. The woman kneels between your legs, slowly running her wet tongue over your open pussy. You open your mouth, and take the offered cock, sucking on it hungerly. You moan around the cock, as he slowly thrusts it over your tongue, rubbing it over your lips. She shakes her head to drive her tongue deeper inside you, making your whole body shiver.

At last she stands, and you hear the vibrator in the strap-on kick on. She gasps at the strength of it, then starts to rub the head of the toy over your wetness. She pushes the head of it onto your clit, and you feel the vibrations run throughout your body, bringing another explosion from somewhere deep inside. You let his cock slip out of your mouth so you can breath and cry out. You can hear her panting as she thrusts the toy deep inside you. She starts to fuck you, stopping once in a while to shiver. Her hands fasten to your breasts as she thrusts her hims into you, gasping and sobbing in pleasure. You take the cock into your mouth again, sucking it in rhythm to her thrusts. You feel her cum again and again, each harder than the last. At last she lays draped over your body, fucking you hard, your sweat-slicked breasts sliding over each other. The man has a hand in your hair, fucking your mouth before crying out and shooting over your tongue. Her mouth meets yours, and her tongue laps at the cum in your mouth, sharing it with you. Your and her cries are both muted by the long heaving kiss. She slides off you like living water, hot and fluid, and you hear her walk unsteadily away.

Almost instantly another condom wrapped cock fills you, and you cry out in shock and pleasure. He raises your legs up as high as they will go in the straps, onto his shoulders, and begins to simply take you. Your cries are continuous as the he rocks with the swing. You imagine this reflected in all the mirrors in the room, and the thought drives your body into deeper spasms. He grunts as he cums, still slamming his meat into your pussy. He them simply turns and walks away, the whole episode taking less then a minute.

You hang there, waiting to see what happens next. You hear the door softly close, and you feel yourself released from the leather. Soft hands lead you to the now empty bed, and lay you down. Your blindfold is removed, and your two loves sit there naked before you, smiling. You fall into their arms, kissing them both. You can smell each other on them, knowing they were here watching you get fucked again and again and making love while they did. You drop down, and bury your face between her legs, and she tastes of him. She spreads wide for you, groaning in pleasure as you lick her. He enters you from behind, and you feel how hard he is, how excited. He grabs your hips and fucks you with abandon, driving your face into her pussy. Her fingers dig into your hair as he cums, calling your name, then you feel him cumming hot and hard inside you. You drift off to sleep snuggled up between them, your body between the heights of pleasure, and the pain of sore muscles.