 Tom and Alice Have Dessert

In Alice's room, Tom and Alice were flopped on her bed, where they had collapsed when they got to the Elton house. 

"Poor Angela", said Alice. 

"Thanks so much, Alice. I don't think I could have worked that situation out anywhere as neatly for Angela if you hadn't been there. She needed to know that another girl had been where she had and that you can tell the truth and still keep your dignity. And she needed to know that everyone does not need to know everything when you are trying to do the right thing." 

"She has a lot to learn. She is lucky to have a friend who backs her no matter what and who can accept her choices without being judgmental. I want you to know that I will not hide any part of me from you. I love you and I trust you."

"If you are offering to explain some of the things you said about yourself, there is nothing I need to know. I know you love me and so nothing you have done or may do can hurt me. Just the same, I make the same offer to you. Ask me anything, any time. You will get the truth."

"Ok. Here's a question. If we were planning to have sex three times tonight to make up for missing last night how do you want to start?"

"That's easy. With baths. Separate baths, because I can't see us both fitting into the tub at the same time. I would like to start by drying you off and powdering your body. Powder is a terrific massage medium, I am told. Do you have some bath powder?"

"Sure, right on top of my makeup table, over there."

Alice pointed at the table.

"You take the first bath. I'll come along and get you a towel and a washcloth. Then you are on your own. Unless you want to play "Bathe the Baby.", said Alice.

"Lets try Bathe the Baby some other time. I want to play Massage the Alice followed by Fuck the Alice's Brains Out."

"Works for me."

Forward space about a half hour. Tom actually took a shower, not a bath, shaved and was back in the room in about ten minutes but Alice removed her makeup and took a leisurely hot bath. She lay back in the tub with her eyes closed, thinking about Tom's hands on her body, Tom's lips on her body, Tom's tongue on her body, Tom's dick in her body, Tom's fingers in her body. She brushed her left nipple with her hand and was surprised at how far it was sticking out from her breast. She put her hand down to her pussy and touched herself on the outside of the outer lips, just where her clit would be hiding inside. She was amazed to find her erect clitoris sticking out just a little from between her outer lips. When she was near the head a little spark jumped between her finger and her clit. Not really, of course. But it felt that way.

She soaped up her washcloth and scrubbed her entire crotch area carefully. She wanted to give her pussy a fresh start. No rancid pussy for Tom! She also scrubbed her armpits as if she was using a piece of sandpaper. No rancid armpit either. And she cleaned her rectum, pushing the washcloth hard against her asshole and rinsing and resoaping the cloth repeatedly. When she was ready, she wrapped a towel around her and walked to her room.

As she closed the door, she saw Tom, nude on the bed. His dick was flaccid when she opened the door but it snapped to attention in an instant. 

"Nice to see you, too" she said, grinning.

"It's not fair." Tom said. "I'll bet your clit is standing up just as hard as my dick but I can't see it."

"I have no secrets from you. You only have to ask. And you win your bet. I brushed past it in the tub and the head was sticking out from between my outer lips. I don't think it's ever done that before. Now what, master?"

"I'll get up and you can lie down where I am. Face up, face down - your choice."

"Ok"

After Tom stood up, she lay down where Tom had been lying, but face down."

Tom sprinkled some body powder over her back, butt and thighs. He moved his hands around on her back, gliding over the silky powder. "I'm gonna like this powder business", he thought. For a while he rubbed her butt and thighs. From there it was only logical for him to spread the cheeks of her ass and gaze lovingly at the hole. He loved looking at and playing with her asshole. Gliding his finger up and down the butt crack over her asshole reminded him of the time her surprised her by licking it and pushing his tongue in a little. That could happen again. 

Tom grabbed the bottoms of both sides of her butt. He squeezed them rhythmically and began to move them in two contrary circles. As he did, the motion of her butt crack made her asshole play peek-a-boo. Now you see it, now you don't and now - you see it again. Alice was getting hot visualizing how Tom must be staring at her asshole. She felt so vulnerable, knowing he was watching it, even covered with the bath powder. But the vulnerability did not make her feel frightened or ashamed. It made her feel very loving, to allow him to look at her most personal places for as long as it pleased him to. 

Tom pulled her butt up saying "I can see more if you are on your knees." So Alice raised her butt and leaned it back closer to him. Her dark, hairy pussy approached him and he felt a thrill because she thrust it at him to please him. He suspected it pleased her too because the hairs on her outer lips were glistening. He rotated her butt cheeks again, the way he had done when she lay flat. Her outer lips opened and closed and he could see her inner wetness winking at him. The scent of her pussy filled nose. Now her inner lips had separated and he could see her inner pussy covered with wetness and her hole let a sticky, white substance escape. It clung to her body and spread out on to her taint. Her powerful scent, fresh and deep and musky, excited him incredibly. 

"Alice, I love to look at you. It makes me so hot!"

"Tom, I love to have you see and enjoy my most secret places. It means I have freely given all of me to you, without shame and without reservation."

Tom moved closer to the edge of the bed. His dick was straight out, but he pushed it down and released it to bob up into the place between her outer lips. It gently slammed into her inner lips, her clitoral hood and the head of her clitoris. He rocked slowly forward and back and he could feel the inner parts of her pussy rubbing against the top of the shaft of his penis. Alice began rocking too, following his movements in a slow dance, the very first dance of our distant ancestors.

As they rocked together Tom gently inched his dick back a little at a time until it slid up between her inner lips. They continued to rock together, the head of Tom's dick gently tapping on the opening of her vagina. Tap, tap, tap. Tom was knocking on the door to the inside of her body and Alice answered the door. She slid her butt back a little further and, plop, the head of Tom's dick slipped past the entrance to her inner canal. They kept rocking, Alice's tight hole rubbing on the rim of the head of Tom's dick. They got hotter and hotter. 

Tom reached between their bodies with his right thumb and began rubbing her taint slowly. He pressed it. His thumb was rubbing the nerves that served most of her genital area through the skin of her taint. The combined stimulation of her hole, the area just beyond it and the taint built enormous excitement. By now, her clitoris was screaming to her for attention but she would not touch it. She wanted Tom to do that.

"My clit's going to explode if you don't lick it," she told Tom. "Lick me. Lick me!"

"In a little", said Tom as he finally rocked forward and penetrated her fully. 

"My god, don't lick me yet. Fuck me! More! Please!"

And Tom did. He slid his dick into her until his balls stopped his forward progress and paused, filling her entire pussy with his bulk. Then he slid back until the head stopped, catching on her flexed sphincter. He waited again a little before sliding all the way back into her pussy.

"Oh yes! Yes, Tom. Be in me. Be one with me!"

"We are one, Alice. My dick and your pussy are one in the physical world, but my heart and yours are also one and my feelings and yours are also one."

"Yes, Tom, we are one!"

"Will you cum on my tongue?"

"Yes, will you let me fuck your mouth?"

"I'm dying to suck you off." 

And Tom slid down onto his knees and ran his tongue slowly from Alice's clitoris all the way down to her taint. Up and down, up and down he licked the entirety of the inside of her pussy with the broad, wet surface of his tongue. Finally he stopped with his tongue hard against her clitoral area and Alice began rocking her pelvis, grinding her clitoris into his tongue. A thin, sweet substance came from the area between her clit and the hood. It was slicker than anything that her body had produced before this point. Her clit slid and rubbed, smoothness and friction all mixed up inseparably. 

Alice's pelvis exploded, spasming uncontrollably. At the same time the rest of her body echoed the pelvic spasms, from the tips of her toes to the tips of her fingers to, it seemed, the ends of the hairs on her head. She came. Neither of them could have said for how long - 10 seconds, 30 seconds, 5 minutes, an hour, an epoch of human history. 

Finally, she collapsed on the bed. Tom waited patiently, stroking her body gently until she got back up on her knees.

"Cum in me! Tom! Please fill my cunt with your cum."

And he did. He had barely entered her again when the orgasm started and it felt like he kept pumping into her long after he had run out of semen. Finally, he too collapsed.

They both slept. Neither of them was up to a cup of tea or gazing at the moon.

Both Alice and Tom slept for quite a while. When Alice awoke the clock on her dresser said 1:30 AM. She spooned behind Tom and put her arm around him. She could feel his strong, even, slow breathing. Without meaning to, she synchronized her breathing with his and although she was truly awake, she lay quietly, peacefully behind Tom, holding him gently, like the most precious thing in the world. Alice was deeply at peace. She decided she didn't need the next two sex acts they had joked about. She was deeply satisfied with herself, with Tom, with the whole world.

Tom stirred and, when he saw her arm and felt her behind him, he said "Alice?" in a voice still foggy with sleep.

"It's me, Tom. It will always be me."

He turned toward her and they embraced. He kissed her gently on the forehead and then gently on the lips. 

"Tom, I am so happy. So satisfied. Do you want to do it again right now?"

"No, sweetheart. I feel the same way you do. I think I can make it to the morning fine the way I am now."

And, still in each other's arms, they fell back to sleep.