 Sarah walked in his class, looking in every detail like a supermodel out of place, her long blonde hair shimmering like the gloss of a magazine cover. She had long slender legs shown off my her micro miniskirt riding above midthigh with every step she took. Her hips swung in a naturally provocative manner, her breasts soft behind her skimpy sleeveless blouse. She smiled seductively at him before taking her seat in the center of the second row, and he had to groan at the sight of her skirt riding even higher, revealing the shadow of skin right in between her ass and her thigh.

The witch was asking for it.

"Ms. Weldon, see me in my office after class regarding your frequent tardiness," He was thankful it came out sounding strict instead of constricted. 

She turned to him after whispering something to Mike, the boy behind her, a smile hanging halfway on her lips. She pouted, "But sir, I have a date later. I can meet you Saturday if you're free?" she offered, her eyes bore a teasing glint that wasn't entirely innocent, or permissible for a student.

The class laughed at her antics. She was one insolent imp.

"After class, Ms. Weldon," he repeated much more firmly than before. And he was getting firmer by the minute.

He wondered if it would be too obvious if he readjusted his pants. Looking at his watch while grabbing the whiteboard marker from his desk, he counted an hour and 50 minutes more before he could dismiss the class. He couldn't wait until after class.

-----

She walked ahead of him to his office, her rounded bottom somewhat blurring his vision. She was such a tease.

She opened the door to his office like she owned the place and held it open for him, waiting for him to step in. He closed the door not-so-gently and locked it with a sound of finality. 

Their lips came into violent contact as soon as he turned around, his arms wrapped tightly around her waist, one hand playing on the curve of her butt. He tugged at her hair, forcing her to look up at him, and providing himself better access to her mouth. He stalked her, pushing her against his desk. Her hands were roaming his body almost worshipfully, the sensation of his body against her soft young curves working as the ultimate aphrodisiac. 

Her mouth tasted of green apples. As her bottom bumped against the edge of his desk, both of his hands fell onto her ass, lifting her into the desk and hitching her skirt to her waist. He saw her barely-there white cotton thong.

Her hand grabbed his ass roughly, pulling him more securely against her, his groin in contact with her moist thatch, her legs raised to ride his hips. 

"You didn't come by my apartment this weekend," she whispered huskily against his ear as she nibbled around that area. Her hands were making a quick task of his belt and his pants. There was a loud thud when both dropped on the floor.

Adam was breathing heavily, one hand enjoying the soft feel of the skin in her ass cheek, the other kneading her breast roughly, playing with her nipples and her underside through the thin fabric. His mouth was busy making love marks on her neck. God she tasted great. And she smelled of baby cologne and sex.

She whimpered lustily, pushing against him even more. "I missed you," she cried as her hands went inside his briefs and kneaded his ass. Her fingers went in further, deeper and came in contact with his testicles, hardening his already swollen member.

He shook uncontrollably, groaning in response.

His hand also slipped from her breast to her nether region, rubbing against the wetness there. Her breathing hitched when his finger played with her opening, speading her juices to the folds of her lips.

He was using his other hand to support her and push her even further against him. Her uneven and labored breathing was exciting him to no ends.

"I had too many work to finish," he explained as his fingers explored her love area more carefully, prying her open. Her head was thrown back in abandon, her back arched giving him more access and pressure against her womanhood.

She was so responsive to his touch.

Sarah felt like she was dripping all over him, all over the table, and into the floor. The edge of the desk was biting into the bottom of her ass, the cold sensation in shocking contrast to his warm hand firmly grabbing one of her cheeks.

"I missed you too," he was spreading her juices into her asshole, the wetness and the finger prying into that area turning her even more.

Her nails were biting into his back, seeking support.

Adam winced, then shoved her legs to open wider. It was almost painful to her.

He wanted to see more. Touch more, and the flimsy thong was no barrier to him. She was so wet for him, he could see the form of her cunt through the thin silky wet cloth. "God, I missed you, Sarah."

Sarah trusted Adam's hands to keep her sitting up as she let go of his shoulders and pulled off her shirt, pulling her bra with it, revealing breasts that have been roughly kneaded and pleasured by the man in front of her.

He didn't even wait for her to dispose of the shirt before he dove in between her breasts, tasting the skin, licking, biting, sucking. The shirt dropped unnoticed from her hands as she clutched automatically at his head. His fingers were still playing outside her opening.

And then he slipped a finger in. She cried out, her back arching almost unnaturally, her fingers tangled in his hair.

He chuckled against her skin, her breast. His scalp was stinging from her tugs. God, she was so damn responsive.

He slipped his pointer finger in slowly, enjoying the feel of her tunnel clutching at his digit tightly. He could just feel her on his dick.

Thrusting the full length of the finger in, he slid out just as slowly, stretching her passage wider to accomodate him further. Sarah groaned sexily, her hands and body incapable of movement from their previous positions.

"Adam!" she whimpered in complaint when he pulled out completely out of her.

"Ahhhhhh!" she screamed when he pushed two fingers in roughly, her wetness giving his fingers easy access to her dark depths.

She was shaking uncontrollably now, her climax near approaching.

His mouth engulfed her right nipple, sucking as hard as he could while he pumped her with his fingers, his digits bending and stretching her opening further with every thrust.

The hand that was supporting her arched back traveled lower, down into her wet asshole. A finger played with the wetness dripping into her ass and in tune with his thrusting and sucking, he used the lubrication to penetrate her asshole with the tip of his finger.

And she came apart like a leaf in a storm.

Sarah bit her lip until she almost bled.

Adam smiled proudly, like a god as he watched her convulse around him.

He kept his fingers inside her womb as she came, feeling the pulse of her orgasm rippling through his fingers. His mouth slowly traveled higher, above her breast, into her neck, then finally kissing her mouth. He sucked the bitemarks off her lips, biting her lower lip playfully while his fingers resumed a slow thrusting. They kissed hungrily, devouring each other's mouth, saliva flowing freely between the two openings.

Adam loved the taste of her mouth. He sucked at her tongue, teasing, parrying, still unsatisfied.

He pulled out his fingers from her cunt, more liquid flowing out of her warm opening. Staring at her like a starved man, his hand tangled in her hair as he held her to his inspection, he fed her his fingers, still coated with her sweet come. Sarah's eyes were heavy lidded, almost looking like she was drugged as she sucked at his fingers.

"Mmmm," she hummed as she licked at his fingers like lollipop, tasting herself on his skin. Her hand went back to his hair as she pulled him in for a kiss.

The taste of her come in her mouth was heady to Adam, and he dove in again for another taste, both hands now playing with her breasts, pushing her back to lie down on the table. One of his hands shot out to clear his desk with abandon, shoving papers and office supplies without care.

He was mindless when it came to fucking her.

She raised her legs higher, hooking her toes on his underwear, and pulling it down the best she can. The garter abraded Adam's swollen penis and his eyes shot open to stare at hers in a mixture of pleasure and pain. His hands squeezed her breasts thoughlessly in reaction. 

She managed to pull it down until the middle of his thighs before he pulled her up roughly, probably bruising her arms. Her feet fell to the floor to support her weight as he turned her to face the desk, one of his hands shot out in between her thighs to open them wider, the back of his hand rubbing against her very wet opening. She was so ready for him.

That little bit of naughty initiative by Sarah drove him crazy. He wanted to fuck her like an animal. He just hoped she was ready for whatever it was she was asking for.

Adam stared at Sarah's ass, her cheeks framed by the thong that she was still precariously wearing. He pulled it down to reveal her flesh without any hindrance, his hand grabbing one breast and pulling her against him as his other hand grabbed her cunt from the front. His dick came in contact with the crack of her ass, and she whimpered loudly at the sensation. Her knees were wobbling and her hands shot out to the edge of the desk for support.

"Adam, please....." She begged, weakly, like she was about to faint from overload.

He grinned naughtily, trying to keep a tight reign on his arousal. He bent over to her, his chest in full contact with her back, his dick still cradled in her ass. "I want you hot, wild, and dirty for me, Sarah. Tell me." he whispered at her hair, near the back of her ear, as his hand spread her ass cheeks wider, pushing his dick deeper into her crack.

She could feel her labia being pulled farther apart by Adam's fingers and she screamed in double sensation as the tip of his rod snaked into the opening of her cunt. What was he fucking waiting for?!

"Adam!" She screamed in frustration, moaning when he rotated his hips against her. There was something to be said for young hormonal women, he thought.

"Tell me, baby." he whispered again, his voice croaking in effort of holding back.

He was teasing her. "I won't give it to you til you cuss." he grinded roughly against her, his tip slipping in further, but not nearly far enough or deep enough for her. 

Sarah tried to push back to get him deeper, but his grip on her ass was secure. He pulled out instead. 

"Fuck you, Adam!" she was angry now. Dear heavens, she wanted to be thoroughly fucked and this man was tormenting her. 

Adam laughed painfully, his control slipping. "Yeah." he said huskily, sexily, like silk over skin. "Cuss for me, my little bunny. Tell me what you want."

She fought against his hand as she pushed him into a chair, bending over and grabbing a scissor from the floor fully intending to cut Adam's shirt into a tattered mess. His hand immediately shot out, toying with her labia as she was in the bent position. Adam looked at her opening in fascination and arousal as a drop of her liquid fell onto the floor. Her sweat slickened skin looked beautiful to him, with her skirt in disarray on her waist, accentuating her breasts, her

hair in a tangled mess, and her moist and shiny opening teasing his heated gaze.

Sarah smiled naughtily at him, turning to lie down on the floor, her heavy lidded eyes focused on his arousal as she raised her legs so that her feet were right under her butt, and her opening was in Adam's plain view. Her hand crept from her breasts to her thatch, pulling herself wide and open for him, her liquid oozing out of her in arousal. "Please fuck me, baby." she breathed. and Adam lost his breath.

It was an invitation he didn't have the will or the mind to refuse.

He left his seat and crawled over to her, placing her legs over his, his hands positioning themselves under her as he roughly and pleasurably impaled her on his staff. He silenced Sarah's scream of pleasure by placing his mouth over hers and thrusting his tongue inside her mouth at precisely the same time. What came out was a throttled whimper of surprise.

He lifted her from the floor, further impaling her, going even deeper. Her hands were wrapped securely around his head, while his hands were carrying her weight on her ass, wrapping her legs around his waist as he stood, wearing her like a penal accessory.

She pulled away from his mouth, breathing heavily, a line of saliva escaping their mouths and falling on sweaty bodies.

He juggled her on his penis, finding a more comfortable position to pump into her. Sarah had to bite his shoulder through his shirt to keep from howling in pleasure.

Adam groaned in pain. "Sarah, I can't think..." 

She moved a little ways, enjoying the pleasure pain of having him inside her. "Sarah, don't move, baby..." he groaned out, pleadingly, his knees buckling.

She groaned in response, wanting and terribly impatient.

Adam fell unceremoniously in a chair, Sarah falling over him painfully, their bodies grinding together in a rough drop, penetration filling Sarah until she felt like she would break.

Her legs tightened around him as she cried out in pain.

He cried out in pleasure, her inner muscles tightening around him the same time her legs did.

He waited until she recovered from the pain. and he was surprised when she looked at his shirt in laughing annoyance.

"What?" he asked, pumping into her slowly, pushing into her, then pulling out halfway. She was so tight around him, he wondered if it hurt her more than necessary. His hands positioned right under her breast pushing and pulling at her body more violently, almost pulling out of her love hole all the way.

"Ugh..." In. "You're..." Out. "Gods!" In. Out. Heavy breathing. "still wearing.....ahhhhh!" He pumped her faster and rougher, enjoying the sight of her struggling to complete a coherent sentence.

He kissed her instead, one hand at her neck and the other at her waist, guiding the rhythm of their lovemaking.

They parted to breathe, Sarah biting and sucking on his neck to keep quiet, else the next room hear them.

Adam pounded into her more erratically, noticing the hitch in both their breathing and knowing that they were both close to coming. The chair was creaking from their exertions.

He carried her again, moving to lay her on top of the table, and opening her legs wider to be able to pump inside her with more abandon. She whimpered when she couldn't reach his neck with her mouth so Adam covered her mouth with one of his hands, pounding into her roughly, near orgasm. Sarah sucked at his hand, taking his big thumb in, and then licking it, coating it with her saliva, as she suckled on it hungrily. She could feel his thickened rod as he made wild love to her body. She climaxed biting the pad of Adam's thumb, silencing her scream, and feeling the pulse of orgasm overtake her into mindlessness.

The shock of pain pushed Adam towards his own climax, feeling Sarah's walls clamp tighly around him, her tunnel pulsing around his own pulsing member, her teeth reckless with his finger. He fell on top of her in the table, his member still encased within her, his knees wobbly and barely able to support him if he stood up. He licked the sweat off Sarah's neck, waiting for her to come down from her high.

She purred contentedly, wrapping her legs loosely around his thighs as he stood up, lifted her from the table, and carried her as he sat on his office chair, reaching out for the tissue paper. She hid her face in the crook of his neck, fully intending to sleep.

"You're still wearing your shirt," Sarah accused, sounding almost childish. He merely kissed her forehead for that piece of obsessive-compulsion. He was glad he distracted her enough to keep her from cutting his prized shirt with his own scissor.

"Are you okay, baby?" Adam asked worriedly, feeling guilty. "I think I was a little rough back then."

She smiled to herself and kissed his neck, thoroughly satisfied and loving the reaction she got from him. Then she burrowed deeper against him. That was her equivalent of "I'm okay" and he was glad.

They just sat there, cuddling until their breathing evened out, Adam wiping away the sweat and the come from his and Sarah's bodies with the soft material.

"You coming by later?" The question was almost a whisper. Then Sarah yawned, her hand covering her mouth.

Adam grinned at her, immensely proud that he somehow wore her out. "Not tonight. We both have things to do." 

She raised her head, prepared to protest. "But--"

His finger stalled her lips, silencing her with a touch. "Your grades have been going down, Sarah. I don't want to continue our relationship if I'll only be a negative influence on you. You have your other friends for that."

His gaze on her was smoldering, but what he was saying was a complete antithesis to what his body craved.

"Then tutor me." she offered, a naughty glint in her eye. She bit his neck teasingly. "I can just bet you could teach me SO MANY things, love."

He groaned, unable to stop himself from kissing her. "If I tutored you Sarah, half the time, we'd be doing something completely different from studying."

She perked up, excited by the prospect of spending more time with him. "At least we have the other half for studying," she argued. "That's more than enough."

"That's barely enough" he rebutted.

She was on the defensive. "How would you know?"

Adam sighed in frustration. "Because!"

"We've got to try, baby," she put a decent amount of whine into it, pouting a little for effect. Adam kissed her again, unable to refuse her.

"I won't be able to keep my hands off you, Sarah." he confessed bitterly.

She smiled delightedly, eyes shining brightly. "I know!"

He groaned again. "God, you're almost as bad as I am."

It was a concession from him; he was going to give tutoring a try! She kissed him this time, standing up afterwards to pick up pieces of her wardrobe off the floor.

They dressed up, giving each other playful touches and loving caresses as they found articles of clothing and put them on to cover their bodies. He loved seeing her like this, satisfied and pleasantly rumpled.

"What time are you going home?" she asked, fully dressed again. They were in an embrace, his hands around her waist, her arms around his shoulders.

"After my next class. By five." his lips resting on her forehead, loving the feel of her arms around him. Loving being with her.

"Mike is bringing me home today."

Adam immediately stiffened, anger surging through his blood. "What time are you leaving?" he ground out trying to sound normal. Nonetheless, his arms tightened around her waist imperceptibly.

She ignored the note of anger in his voice at the mention of one of her admirers. She was expecting just as much. "About six. I still have an org meeting after class."

Rearranging his schedule for the day in his head, he raised her chin to look into her eyes. His eyes were burning with possessiveness and unwillingness to share her with anyone else. "Tell Mike to go home--ALONE. I'll drive you home. We could eat out for dinner."

Sarah smiled brilliantly. He was so damn predictable. And territorial. She had already told Mike this morning that she had other plans tonight. 

"I'll meet you in the cafe?" he asked when she just smiled knowingly at him.

She nodded, and went on her tip toes to kiss him more soundly.

Stepping out of his embrace, she noticed his self-satisfied grin and walked towards the door, smiling to herself.

"Bye, love," she called out before she closed the door soundly.

That was the only time Adam realized that he had to clean out the mess in his office alone. That damned witch!
