 I woke up in the middle of the night, my boyfriend sitting up staring at me, I could tell by the look in his eyes that he had something planned. He whispered in my ear that we should try something different tonight and kissed me gently. Well always up for a bit of fun I agreed. He smiled and reached under the bed, I asked him what he was looking for but he wouldn’t tell me. Instead He told me to close my eyes and put my arms above my head, which I did. I felt something soft being run across my breasts I opened my eyes to see what it was but he told me off for spoiling the game and said that if I was going to cheat then he would have to do something to stop me. It turned out to be a silk scarf that he was playing with and he tied it over my eyes to stop me peeking.

I then felt him tie my wrists to the bed again with what seemed to be silk scarves, he could tell that this was exciting me and whispered in my ear that this was just the start. I heard him switch on my vibrator and he thrust it deep into my pussy, which was already wet. He said that he had to go get some things from the kitchen and that he was going to leave the vibrator placed in my pussy till he got back. It felt amazing but so frustrating to not be able to thrust the vibrator in and out.

He wasn’t gone long and he returned taking the vibe out of my pussy and running it over my hard nipples, it was so covered in my juices he had to lick and suck my pussy juices off of my breasts. He told me to open my mouth which I did eagerly expecting to feel his card cock being thrust into it, instead he placed an ice cube in my mouth and told me to suck it until the edges were gone and it was smooth. 

He had another ice cube in his mouth as he ran it all over my naked body. Sucking my nipples with it still in his mouth, the warmth of his mouth contrasting the coldness of the ice, it sent shivers through my whole body. As he moved down my body towards my pussy running the ice along my slit, over my lips before rubbing it over my clit, it felt so good, my moans of pleasure echoing throughout the room. 

My pussy was so hot for him that the ice started to melt instantly. But he could tell that if he kept doing that I would cum too quickly and he wanted to prolong the pleasure, to tease me for as long as he could.

He slid up my body and I could feel his long, hard cock pressed firmly against me, I wanted it inside me so badly. Longing to feel it filling me. He took the ice from my mouth and put in another one, telling me that they would be needed soon. Kissing me deeply as three of his long fingers, cold from touching the ice slide into my pussy, my pussy gripped them inside. With his other hand I heard him shake something, it sounded like a can but I couldn’t be sure, then I knew it was as he squirted something all over my breasts. He started to lick it off and then kissed me so I would know that it was cream. Something that I had always wanted to try using in bed.

Three fingers were now working faster and harder as he licked and sucked the cream off of me, but once again sensing that I would soon cum he stopped. I could feel the juices from my pussy dripping down over my arse onto the bed.

Yet another ice cube was put in my mouth and he told me that it was almost time, I wasn’t sure what he was going to do with them but I knew that it would feel fantastic and make me cum over and over.

I felt him rubbing an ice cube over my clit again and then suddenly he pushed it deep inside my pussy, I couldn’t believe the sensation of it being there, it was promptly followed by the other two, the coldness inside my dripping wet hot pussy. He climbed on top of me and I felt his cock at the entrance of my pussy. He slowly started to push it in, with the ice cubes still inside me. It felt so good that I almost came straight away, he pushed in further pushing the ice up deeper inside of me, the ice starting to melt inside me trickling over his cock making it even harder. 

He started to slowly thrust in and out of me the ice rubbing against my g spot as I started to scream with pleasure cumming all over his cock, the heat of my cum melting the ice more, as he fucked me faster and harder. Another ice cube was tracing the outline of my nipples as he pressed the ice against my nipples for a few seconds, then softly tracing the outline once more as his cock fucked me harder still, going deeper with each thrust the ice almost completely melted now. 

I asked him to take off my blindfold so I could see him as he fucked me and he agreed. I looked into his eyes as he pounded my pussy harder still, both of us moaning as I began to cum again this time the sounds of me cumming and the heat and wetness of my pussy triggered off his own climax.

Feeling him shoot it deep inside my pussy, so hot and sticky, feeling it trickle out and down to my arse. He pulled out and lay on top of me for a few seconds, both of us breathing hard. He looked at me and told me that I wasn’t finished yet. He knew that my clit was now so sensitive that I would cum in seconds. He once again switched on my vibrator and pressed it hard against my clit stopping just as I was about to cum and then putting it back on my clit, so that when I did cum I was going to cum so hard. I begged him to let me cum, not being able to take anymore, he took away the vibrator and sucked hard on my swollen clit as he finally let me reach my orgasm. Pressing his face in close, licking it up as my cum went all over his face. He untied my hands and we lay in each other’s arms kissing softly until we both fell into a deep sleep.