 Hi there. My name is Trish, and I'd like to share a little story with you, about myself and one of my boyfriends, Tim. I'm a shy, quiet type of girl. And Tim is a take charge, dominant type of man. Just how I like them. And how I need them, to bring me out of my shell, and help me discover my wild and carefree side. 

It was the middle of summer, and sweltering, where I live. Doing anything outdoors in the daytime was almost unbearable. I really missed being outside though. I missed going for walks, bike rides, jogs, and getting some exercise. So this is why my boyfriend and I began going out for walks together late at night, before bed. It was the only chance we had to get away from the hot summer sun. And the temperatures were slightly better by that time of day. 

One night we were out for our walk, making our way through a neighborhood not far from home. As we chatted about our day, I looked over and noticed that we were passing by a cute little park. Among the various children's toys, I noticed a covered area with several picnic tables. Immediately my mind wandered to thoughts of what it might be like to have my boyfriend fuck me on one of those tables. I smiled, and looked away. It was just a fun thought, after all. I'm much too shy to ever suggest something like that. 

As I turned my head, I happened to catch my boyfriend's eye. He was smiling down at me. But his smile definitely looked more devious than the one that was on my face. I knew that expression. He had seen me looking over at those picnic tables, and he read my mind in an instant. I knew what was coming next, even before I felt his hand tug mine. Even before he pulled me towards that park. I knew exactly what he was thinking, and what we were going to end up doing. 

Even so, I tried to protest. I tried to say no, that someone will see us. But Tim wasn't having it. He just kept my hand firmly grasped in his, and led me towards those picnic tables. I'm pretty sure I heard him mumbling something under his breath as we walked. Something about knowing exactly what I wanted, even if I wouldn't admit it. And I soon stopped my weak attempts at protesting, because deep down, I knew he was exactly right. I knew that this was a fantasy that I had always had. Just like this. Late at night, deserted park, picnic table. Oh yes. I definitely wanted this. 

I was already breathing hard from the quick walk across the park. Keeping up with Tim was a challenge. My legs were much shorter than his seeing how there was over a foot difference in our heights. So when we arrived at the tables and he reached his arms around me and kissed me deeply, it took my breath away. I felt his fingers around the waist of my shorts. One little tug, and they were halfway down my thighs. His hands squeezed my ass as he lifted me up onto the top of the closest table. Tim sat on the bench, right in front of me, as if he were about to consume a whole meal at that table. And I think he was. I think I was the meal. The thought made me shiver from head to toe. Sliding my shorts all the way off, he placed one of my legs on either side of him. As his fingers slid up the insides of my thighs, I slowly laid back on the table. I was beyond thinking already. No argument left in me. I didn't even bother to look around and see if the area was deserted. I just closed my eyes and concentrated to what was being done to my body. 

I shifted down so my ass was at the edge of the table. Tim's palm covered my whole pussy and he used it to rub up and down the length of my mound. I pushed slightly against his hand, already eager for more. He lightly spanked my lips with his palm, telling me to be patient. But he knew I wasn't very good at that. I lifted my hips a little more, pushing on his hand. He reached under me, sliding his hands under my ass and lifting a little. His mouth came down firmly on my pussy lips. I felt his tongue slide from the top of my slit to the bottom. I tried to open my thighs even wider, inviting him in. he licked his way up and down my lips. I felt his tongue pause, then flick quickly over my clit. I pushed up a little, wanting even more of that firm tongue. His lips closed around my clit, pulling it into his mouth. He sucked and teased, before lightly biting with his teeth. My hips were rocking, encouraging him. I know he could hear my moans as I enjoyed his mouth on me. 

As Tim's lips and tongue worked their magic on me, I slid my legs up over his shoulders, losing myself in the moment. My thighs squeezed his head, as he brought me closer and closer to cumming. I felt his hands slide from my ass, and firmly push my thighs apart wide again. Two fingers quickly slid into my wet pussy. It was just what I needed. I cried out as he started sliding them in and out of my wet little hole. I wanted to cum so badly, I was close to begging for his cock. As his fingers stroked more quickly, my whole body started to quiver. Tim stopped briefly, slid his fingers out, and used them to spank my throbbing little clit. He knew just how to push my buttons, and just what I needed to push me even closer to the edge. 

When those fingers slid back into my pussy, finding my g spot, and finger fucking me even harder, I was ready to explode. When he pulled on my clit with his teeth again, there was no holding back. I cried his name as my body exploded in heat. My fingers slid into his hair, tugging as I came. Shaking, I pushed his head harder against my pussy, rocking against his mouth. I loved the feel of his goatee, both soft and rough, against my swollen lips as I came. 

As Tim's fingers slowed and my quivering ceased, he lifted his head. He asked if I had any idea how sweet my pussy tasted. I gave him a naughty little grin. I figured there was only one way to find out, right? So I pulled on his arm, bringing his fingers up to my lips. I pulled both fingers deep into my mouth, licking and sucking on them. He was right. It was yummy. 

Tim pulled his fingers slowly from my mouth. He stood up and walked to the end of the table. With his hands under my arms, he pivoted me until my head was closest to him. Leaning over, he kissed me hard. I licked his lips after the kiss, tasting myself. He pulled me back just a little farther, until my head was off the edge of the table. Sliding his shorts down a little, he pulled his thick cock out. I eagerly opened my mouth, ready, when he pushed the swollen head against my lips. I knew this was his favorite position for blowjobs, and I loved doing anything that pleased him so much. So I went to town, first swirling my tongue around the head of his cock. Then sucking the head deeper into my mouth. I looked up at his eyes, loving the expression on his face. It was easy to see how much he loved watching his cock disappear into my wet, warm mouth. 

I let Tim take over, sliding his cock in and out, each time going a little deeper than the time before. I felt his cock pulsing as he became harder. Soon he was fighting to keep control. He slid his cock from my mouth, then leaned over so I could play with his balls. I swirled my tongue around one, then the other, hearing him groan deeply. Gently I took one into my mouth, tugging a little. Then flicked my tongue over it, before releasing it and moving on to the other. I let go, and he stepped back, telling me to stand. I did as instructed. 

Tim turned me away from him and bent me over the end of the table. He pushed on my back until I was leaning flat on the table top. He pulled my hands behind my back, holding them together in his. I felt his feet tap the insides of mine, until I widened my stance, legs spread wide. His free hand ran over my ass, to my dripping little slit. Spreading my lips a little, he pushed his hard cock deep into me, in one quick thrust. I sighed in satisfaction as he started pumping in and out. As his pace increased, he released my hands so I could hold onto the table. His hips slapped my ass with each deep thrust. His hand slid up my back, and into my long hair, tugging. I felt my ass bouncing back as his hips pounded against me. A firm smack landed on one cheek. I let out a little squeak in surprise, which earned me another smack on the opposite cheek. 

Soon Tim was grabbing onto my hips tight, squeezing. His thrusts became harder, impatient. As he let out a loud groan, I felt his hot cum splashing into me. Each thrust brought on another little spurt, until he was completely drained inside my hot tight cunt. He leaned over my back, catching his breath. I loved feeling his weight on me, pushing me into the table top. 

As Tim's breathing slowed and his heart rate calmed a little, he stood up. I raised up from the table top, stretching a little from being in that position. I thought we were about to put our shorts back on and get going, but Tim said there was still one more thing that he needed to do first. I looked at him with a surprised expression, then felt for his cock, half expecting him to be hard again. He chuckled, shaking his head. He lifted me up to sit on the table. He told me to lean back on my arms and put my feet up on the edge of the table. He spread my legs wide with his hands, standing between them. 

I felt Tim's fingers slide into my pussy, spreading me open. He pushed deep into me. As he began fucking me with his fingers, he leaned over, kissing me long and deep. His tongue plunged into my mouth as his fingers did the same to my pussy. I whimpered into his mouth as I kissed him back. His fingers began fucking me harder and harder. My legs were spread wide. My hips were lifting up off the table as I thrust them up into his hand with need. I pulled my mouth away from his and gasped for air. He never let up at all, and if anything, increased his pace. His mouth on my ear, he growled, demanding that I cum for him. As he bit my earlobe, I let out cry, and did just that. My muscles tightened around his fingers, squeezing. My legs were shaking as my orgasm rolled through my body. I threw my head back, letting the feeling wash over me. And still, he kept on pumping those fingers into me, not stopping until my shaking let up and he felt the spasms cease. 

Tim finally pulled his fingers out of my tired little pussy. He brought one finger to my lips, telling me to taste our cum mixed together. I licked his finger slowly, tasting us. He helped me climb off the table, and we finally got our shorts back on. We finished our walk, heading towards home this time, where we shared a nice warm shower before heading to bed. I believe we were both a little worn out, and very, very satisfied.