 Nigel woke up the following morning with his usual erection, and the events of the previous night with Dawn came back to him. He recalled all that had happened as she plucked his cherry, gripped his morning hardness and stroked himself to orgasm. 

He got up, and went next door to the hotel for breakfast, which Dawn delivered with a smile and a kiss. She was about to sit down and chat with him, but her mother, Mary, emerged briefly from the kitchen and smiled knowingly at the two of them "Now, you two. No canoodling when there's work to be done. Plenty of time for that later. And Dawn, don't forget you're going to see your grandmother tomorrow."

Nigel went about his duties that day with a bit of a spring in his step. The campsite was beginning to fill up, and he was kept busy allocating pitches and explaining the rules to new arrivals. It took slightly longer to clean the toilet and shower block, as more people wanted to use it. At the end of the day, he went into the bar for his dinner, and this time both of Dawn's parents gave him knowing looks. He was a little nervous, but Alec reassured him, 

"Look, you're both old enough to know what you're doing. I remember what it was like when Mary and I were your age – we were at it all the time, and by then we had a baby daughter! Just remember, though, that this may just be a summer fancy for Dawn, so don't get too attached." 

After his dinner, as the bar began to get busy, Nigel made his way back to his own room where, being tired, he readied himself for bed. He was lying on top of the covers in his bathrobe when heard a tap on the door. He put down his book and called, "Come in." 

Dawn entered, and sat on the side of the bed. "Are you ready for lesson number two?" she asked. Nigel could only nod his head as he gazed up at her. "Right, first thing is for you to get out of that bathrobe." Nigel got off the bed, and reached for the belt of his robe. Dawn had also stood up, and was slowly unbuttoning her blouse. He let the robe drop, and he obeyed her when she told him to lie back down and look at her. 

As he watched, she continued slowly to disrobe, peeling off her blouse and jeans. As she stood before him, she took off her brassiere, then squeezed her breasts together, fondling her own nipples to hardness. She slid her panties off, and lay down beside him. "Now," she said, "Where had we got to?" Nigel started to kiss her, and she responded by thrusting her tongue into his mouth, and then she seemed to suck his tongue into hers. She broke away briefly, and said, "This is called French kissing. Do you like it?" Nigel nodded, and she continued, "It's more fun if we grope each other while we're kissing." 

As their kiss resumed, their hands began to wander over each other's bodies, and before long, he was caressing her breasts as she began to stroke his rock hard penis. Breaking off from the kiss once more, dawn said, "OK. I want you to kiss me all over. Start with my face and work your way down."

Nigel began, kissing all round her face, and then down her neck to her breasts. As his lips closed on her nipple, she took his hand that had been there, and guided it down to her pubic mound. She guided it into place as she had the night before, and reminded him, "That's the clitoris. Just stroke it a bit like you did before. Don't stop playing with my tits, though. It's such a turn on." 

As he alternated between her nipples, his hand slid around her clit in small circular movements. He could sense her arousal, and he began to speed up, but she stopped him. 

"Hold hard, there's something else I want you to do for me. Move your hand, and kiss me down there."

Nigel had read about oral sex in his small collection of pornography, but had never thought that people actually did it. Responding to her push on his head, he moved down the bed until he found himself gazing at Dawn's vagina from close quarters. Nestling amongst the pale brown hair, he saw her glistening outer lips. As she used both hands to spread herself open for him, he could only think that it reminded him of an orchid. He told her this, and she laughed. 

"Why do you think that orchids are really popular flowers for men to give their lovers? Anyway, just go in there and try French kissing like we did just now. Only now there's no teeth to scratch your tongue."

He bent his head and tentatively licked at her opening, savoring the slightly salty taste, and then did as she had asked and pushed his tongue into her and moved it around as he had in her mouth. She moaned a little with pleasure, then told him to move up a little and nibble her clitoris for a while, which he did. She guided his head as she moved him from lips to clitoris and back, pulling him closer to increase the pressure on her sensitive areas until he felt her legs clamp on either side of his head as she climaxed, and he lapped up as much of her juice as he could whilst the rest ran down his chin. As she relaxed, she pushed his head away, and told him to lie back on the bed. 

With a, "Your turn, now." she put her head down to his penis and began to fellate him skillfully. Nigel had never felt anything like this and the sensation was too much, and before long he was ejaculating into her mouth. She kept sucking him, and milking his shaft with her hand, until all was done and his penis lay limp. Dawn sat up and grinned at him. 

"There you go. Lesson two, oral sex. How was that for you?"

"Great! How did I do?"

Dawn leaned forward and kissed his limp penis. 

"You did great for a beginner. You must be a natural, I never expected to come that well on your first time." 

She moved off the bed, and started to put her clothes back on. "I'll see you for breakfast tomorrow, then my Dad wants to show you how to do the bar. He wants you to look after that tomorrow night when he takes me over to see my granny. She's not too well, and we'll be staying the night at my auntie's. Mum will be here to help, so don't worry.

Nigel's feet barely touched the ground the next day, as he carried out his duties on the campsite and spent a couple of hours at the end of the morning with Alec learning the bar work. "It should be fairly quiet tonight, but Mary will show you if you get stuck." Alec and Dawn left at 12:30, and Nigel found no difficulty in dealing with the quiet lunchtime trade. He spent the afternoon in the campsite, settling in new arrivals, and 6 o'clock found him back behind the bar. 

The trade that evening could best described as steady – not so busy to cause him to have to rush, but busy enough to keep him occupied all evening. Mary kept giving him encouraging looks as she came in with meals, and when they stopped serving those, she came into the bar to give him a hand for the last hour, when it did start to get a bit hectic. Last Orders was duly called, and the last of the drinkers left the bar, headed either for their homes, their hotel room or their tent in the campsite. 

Nigel and Mary finished wiping the glasses, and she said, "I think we've each earned a wee dram, don't you?" She reached up to the top shelf, and fetched down a bottle of pale gold liquor. She explained that this was a single malt from a distillery that had been in her father's family for generations until it had to be sold to pay inheritance tax. The distillery was now owned by one of the big companies, and a lot of the whisky now went off for blending. However, a small amount was kept back and allowed to mature in old sherry barrels and sold to a few discerning outlets. In view of the family connection, Ferguson's Hotel was one of the chosen few. She poured a generous amount into two glasses then split a bottle of spring water between two other glasses before explaining that the best way to drink such a whisky was take alternate sips of the whisky and the water.

As they sipped their drinks, they discussed the news of the day, and eventually Mary steered the conversation round to her daughter. 

"So, how are you and Dawn getting along?"

"Fine. We seem to have hit it off."

Mary smiled, "Aye, so she told me. She also told me that you're a very promising student." Nigel coughed a little as he choked a little on his whisky. 

"Er – what's she been telling you?"

"We have few secrets. As I say, she thinks you're learning well. I'm not sure I believe her, though. I think I need to just check for myself that she's teaching you properly." 

So saying, she slipped off her bar stool and came up to Nigel and French kissed him. Nigel recoiled slightly, fully aware that this was his boss's wife, and his girl friend's mother. She smiled at him. 

"Don't worry. Alec and I have an open marriage – I think that's how we manage to stay together so long. They're staying at my cousin's tonight, and I know that Alec will be banging the hell out of her, whilst Dawn gets a good seeing to from her husband, Rory. Relax, and come with me. Think of this as mid term exam on what you've learnt so far. We'll use your place – that's less complicated."

Pausing only to lock up behind them, Mary and Nigel made their way to his room. As soon as they were there, they engaged in another bout of French kissing and Nigel suddenly felt Mary's hands fumbling with his belt buckle. She reached inside, and grasped his penis. "Oh, my. I can see what Dawn's so excited about." she said, and stepped back and quickly began to remove her clothing. Nigel followed her lead, and before long they were naked, shamelessly appraising each other's bodies. 

Nigel saw an older version of Dawn, and realized that she was, of course, only 17 years older than her daughter. The shape was much the same, but her breasts sagged a little over a stomach that showed something of a paunch. The biggest difference was in the pubic hair; whereas Dawn had a lush, rich light brown bush, Mary's was a paler, gingery blonde and trimmed to an inch wide landing strip above her vagina. 

Mary looked and saw a young man in his sexual prime, thin but not too skinny, with a pale almost hairless body except for the dark growth out which reared his erect penis. They stepped towards each other, and embraced, and half fell onto the bed. Shuffling their bodies into comfortable positions, Nigel paid a bit of attention to Mary's breasts before moving his hand down to her vagina. Her shaven lips were wet and slippery to his touch, and she whimpered slightly as he rubbed her natural lubricant over her clitoris. 

Suddenly, she rearranged her body, and Nigel found her legs on either side of his head as he felt her mouth close over the end of his penis. Looking up, he could see her opening, and as she lowered it onto his face he dutifully licked and French kissed the way Dawn had taught him barely 24 hours previously. He concentrated hard on what he was doing, and was thus not quite so aware of what Mary was up to, which enabled him to last much longer. Mary was groaning now, and the sensations of that tipped him over the edge as his orgasm burst into her mouth. She sucked him dry as he continued to work on her, until she turned round and sat on his face giving him a good view up her body, and he could see her mauling her own breasts as he nibbled and sucked on her until, with a final gasp, she achieved her orgasm.

They lay together, briefly, until Mary said, "Dawn was right. You are a good learner. All we need to do is to get you to last a bit longer and you'll be well on the way to being a great lover. Now, I'll be getting back. I'd like to stay, but that would only make life more complicated. See you in the morning."

With that, she swung from the bed, quickly climbed into her clothes and blew a kiss to him from the doorway as she left. Nigel lay on his bed for while, and it took him a while to get to sleep