 A special word of thanks to Literotica editor "nicoleweis" for her help editing, formatting, and authoring this story. Nicole was a joy to work with, and without her help this story would not be available for you to read today.

******

Lisa had gone shopping with a girlfriend, and Gary was all set to watch the baseball game when the doorbell rang. Gary opened the door and was greeted by an attractive woman, who looked to be in her early thirties, with short auburn hair, green eyes, full figure, and a great smile. She was pulling a small suitcase with wheels.

"Hi, I'm Beth. I was wondering if your wife was home," she said, smiling at Gary.

"Well," he said, scratching his head, "Lisa went to the mall and I do believe she's going to be there for a few hours. So I'm not actually sure when she's coming home."

Beth ran the back of her hand over her forehead to catch some sweat. "Is it okay if I can have something to drink? I'm just dying of thirst and heat."   It was a very hot and humid day so Gary invited her into the house. As Beth crossed the threshold, Gary noticed that she was wearing very erotic, fragrant perfume. Gary admired her body, which was shown to him by what she was wearing; high heels, a short blue skirt slit halfway up the front, and a sheer white blouse which did nothing to hide the lacy bra underneath. Gary lead her into the living room and told her to have a seat and to make herself comfortable. Gary watched the slow sensual sway of her hips as she crossed the room and sat in a chair.

"Would you prefer a nice glass of tea or a cold beer?" he asked, once she had seated herself and was comfortable.

"A beer sounds perfect," Beth said, "today is just way to hot to be walking around like that without a beer."

Gary poured the beer into a glass and delivered it to Beth who was sitting in one of the living room chairs. Her shapely long legs were crossed and Gary could see halfway up her skirt.

Beth smiled and thanked Gary for the beer. She explained that last week when she stopped at the house Lisa was busy, so she asked Beth to come back another day. Beth explained that she was trying to earn extra money this summer, selling women's lingerie door to door. She had divorced about a year ago and had a 12 year old daughter to support. Like most kids today her daughter needed braces and Beth just didn't have enough money, so she worked this part time job.

As they talked Gary watched Beth uncross her long legs. He could now see the lacy tops of Beth's thigh high stockings. At this point Gary had to admit that he had lost all interest in watching the baseball game on TV. Gary had to cross his legs to hide the erection that was starting to develop. Gary was sure that Beth noticed him stealing looks up her skirt but she did nothing to block his view.

Beth asked whether Gary would like to see some of the items in her sample case. Beth said that husbands often liked to purchase these items for their wives.

"Sure, why not?" Gary answered. 

Beth slowly rose from the chair and brought her sample case over to where Gary was sitting on the sofa. Beth bent down to open her sample case and Gary could see her creamy thighs beyond the tops of her thigh high stockings. To make matters worse Gary could also see that her nipples where visible through the sheer blouse and lacy bra. The lump in Gary's shorts continued to grow.

Beth opened the sample case and started showing Gary some of the items she had to sell. Beth noticed that a matching set of lacy black and red crotchless panties and one of those bras with cutouts for the nipples really caught Gary's attention.

As Beth continued to show Gary more of her products her legs parted further and Gary could now see a sheer white thong that did not cover her pussy completely. Gary could see wisps of auburn hair on both sides of the small patch of material. At this point Gary's erection was causing him extreme discomfort.

Halfway through showing Gary the collection, Beth stopped, "Is it okay if I use your rest room?"

"Yeah, it's down the hall on the left," Gary said. Beth nodded and headed to the bathroom, with something in her hand, Gary couldn't make out what it was.

Gary went back into the kitchen and tried to rearrange his erection so that he could sit more comfortably. Gary went back into the living room and sat on the couch again. The bathroom door opened and out walked Beth. Gary could see that Beth was now wearing the black lacy bra with the nipple cutouts that she had shown him earlier. Her dark erect pointy nipples stretched the material of her sheer blouse. When Beth bent over to resume showing Gary more samples he could see that she had also changed into the black crotchless panties. Beth's auburn muff was clearly visible. At this point Gary felt like he had a piece of pipe in his pants.

Beth noticed Gary's aroused condition, "do you like the outfit?" Beth asked, but before Gary could answer Beth rose and stood in front of him. "Don't be embarrassed," she said, "most men get a lump in their pants when I model what I sell for them." "In fact, I'm flattered that you find me so attractive," Beth told Gary. She crossed the short distance between them, raised her skirt, and placed a long leg on either side of Gary's. Smiling she lowered her body and straddled Gary's erection which was still confined in his shorts. Beth could feel the heat from Gary's cock through the thin material of his shorts.

As Beth pressed her whole body against him Gary could feel her hard nipples poking against the thin material of his undershirt. 

Beth bent her mouth down and as they kissed Gary could feel her tongue slipping into his mouth. Beth started to slowly grind her pussy against the bulge in Gary's shorts. 

Gary's tongue responded to Beth and the kiss seemed to last forever. In the thirty years that Gary had been married to Lisa he had never cheated, but the obvious sexual intentions of this hot attractive woman grinding against him were pushing Gary towards the breaking point. Gary fought for control and gently pushed Beth away. "I can't do this, I love my wife too much."

Beth stopped grinding and leaned closer to Gary's ear. "I am so horny right now," she whispered, "I have not had sex in a least a month, and humping your erection has got my pussy so very wet." Beth's tongue started working on Gary's ear as and she started humping his cock again. 

Gary's hips rose up from the sofa and he pushed his cock harder against Beth's moist pussy.

A soft moan escaped from Beth's lips.

Once again Gary fought for self control. Gary wanted Beth so badly but he kept thinking about how much it would hurt Lisa if he gave into his lust.

Beth saw the look in my Gary's eyes and understood the struggle going on between his cock and his conscience. Beth got up and reached into her sample case, and produced a note. She handed the note to Gary.

Gary opened the note and immediately recognized Lisa's handwriting. Gary had to read the note twice. He just could not believe the words on the paper.

Gary,

If your reading this note then Beth was not able to seduce you, and once again you have shown how much you love and care for me. I also love you very much and realize how difficult it has been for you to remain faithful all these years. I want you to have sex with Beth and live out one of your fantasies.

Love Lisa

P. S. Save some cum for me.

Gary sat there with a look of utter and total shock at what his wife had said.

During her visit last week Beth told Lisa that most men got so turned on when she modeled lingerie that they could not resist her advances. Beth asked Lisa whether she thought Gary could be seduced. 

Lisa told Beth she did not think that Gary would cheat on her, but after seeing how beautiful Beth was she just had to know for sure. So Lisa and Beth hatched this plan to test Gary.

Beth sat down next to Gary on the sofa and kissed him again.

Now that Gary had permission his hand slowly traced a path up Beth's thigh high covered leg as their tongues danced in each others mouth. Gary's hand felt the lacy top of the thigh high stockings and kept going higher. As Gary approached the junction of her thighs he could feel the heat already coming from Beth's pussy.

Gary's fingers moved towards Beth's pussy and he could feel that she was dripping wet. When Gary's fingers found her clit a deep moan escaped her lips. Gary's other hand was busy unbuttoning the buttons of Beth's blouse. Once the blouse was open Gary lowered his mouth and his tongue darted around the outside edge of her fully erect nipple which protruded through the bra. Gary kept moving his tongue in circular motions licking and pulling the hard brown nipple into his mouth. Gary's other hand was busy working on Beth's clit. Gary went to work gently nibbling the other nipple into his mouth.

Beth's hips were moving in rhythm to the movement of Gary's fingers. As Gary licked, nibbled, and sucked her nipples Beth arched her back off the sofa and tried to push her entire tit into his mouth.

Beth's moans were becoming louder and more intense. Gary could tell that she was really getting worked up. Gary slipped two fingers into her tight pussy and started working them slowly in and out while he continued to suck on her nipples.

Beth opened the zipper on Gary's shorts and finally his cock was free from the restraint that had been so painful. Beth used her hand to slowly pull on his hard throbbing cock. There were a couple of drops of precum on the tip of his cock. Beth gathered them up with her finger and slowly put the finger in her mouth to taste what Gary had to offer. 

Beth continued to squirm on the sofa and Gary could tell from her moaning and breathing that she was getting close to cumming. Gary's whole hand was covered with Beth's pussy juice and he used one of his lubricated fingers to gently rub around her brown puckered anal entrance. Very slowly Gary slipped a wet finger into Beth's hot asshole. Gary's finger in her ass pushed Beth over the edge.

Beth's whole body stiffened and she screamed "I'm going to cum". Wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her body as her orgasm continued for almost a minute. Gary's fingers felt like they were caught in a vise as Beth's pussy and ass muscles contracted during her orgasm. Gary imagined how good it would feel if Beth came again with his cock buried in her pussy. As Beth's muscles relaxed Gary continued to slowly move his fingers in and out of her pussy and ass to make her orgasm last longer.

Once Beth recovered she looked at Gary, lust full blown in her eyes and said, "Now it's my turn to do something for you. Would you like to have your hard cock sucked?" Of course she already knew the answer. What man in his right mind would not want his cock sucked by an attractive woman. Beth loved sucking cock. She loved the feeling of control it gave her over men, and she had a lot of experience. Beth rose from the sofa and knelt down in front of Gary. Beth positioned herself between Gary's legs and helped him remove his shorts and underpants.

Once again Beth used that soft hand with the long nails painted dark red to grasp his cock and begin slowly pulling it up and down. As more drops of precum leaked from the tip of Gary's cock Beth bent forward and gently licked them up with her tongue. That first contact between Beth's mouth and Gary's cock sent electric shocks throughout Gary's entire body. 

Beth slowly licked Gary's cock in slow circular motions like she was eating an ice cream cone.

Now Gary was the one doing the moaning.

After licking every square inch of Gary's cock Beth returned to the tip and Gary watched as the head of his cock slowly disappeared between Beth's red lipstick covered lips. Waves of pleasure rippled throughout Gary's body. It was apparent that this woman really knew how to suck cock. Beth kept looking up into his face so she could see how much pleasure she was bringing Gary. Gary could feel Beth's tongue continue to play with his cock as the head was bathed in her wet mouth. 

Beth's silky hand pumped up and down more rapidly now, and she could feel that Gary was getting close to cumming. Beth quickly backed off and asked Gary whether he was enjoying himself.

"It feels fucking great Beth, your so good at it," Gary said.

After Beth sensed that Gary had cooled off a little she went back to work on his hard 8" cock. Beth slowly worked her way down to the base of Gary's cock until the whole length had disappeared down her throat. 

Gary had never been deep throated before, and the sensations provided by Beth's lips, tongue, and throat were incredible. Beth was massaging Gary's balls with her other hand. 

Beth sensed once again that Gary was close to shooting his load down her throat. Beth backed off Gary's cock again. Beth knew that she was driving Gary crazy by not letting him cum. Beth repeated the same process one more time and then looked up at Gary's face.

"Oh Beth please let me cum in your mouth," Gary begged. Gary put his hands behind Beth's head and guided her mouth back to his aching cock.

Beth loved when men begged her to take their load. She smiled up at Gary and went back to work on his rock hard cock. Beth alternated between working on just the head, and deep throating Gary. Beth was also rubbing her pussy furiously as she worked on Gary's cock. 

As Beth moaned with Gary's cock in her mouth he felt new sensations of pleasure. Beth had Gary's cock down her throat again and she let him fuck her face, shoving his cock down her throat.

"Oh you fucking slut, I'm ready to cum," Gary gasped.

Beth pulled Gary's cock out of her mouth and jerked him harder. Beth looked up at Gary and smiled as she opened her mouth wide. Beth wanted Gary to see his cum spurt into her hot waiting mouth.

Gary grunted as he felt his cum rising up from his balls to the tip of his cock. Stream after stream of hot sticky cum exploded from his cock into Beth's waiting mouth. Some of Gary's cum missed Beth's waiting mouth and plastered the side of her face.

Beth made sure that Gary watched as she used her tongue to swirl the cum around in her mouth. Slowly Beth swallowed some of Gary's cum. "Damn, Gary your cum tastes great," Beth exclaimed. Beth swallowed every drop in her mouth and then went back to work on Gary's cock, slowly licking it clean until she had every last drop.

Gary thanked Beth and told her that she had just given him the best blowjob of his life.

After giving Gary a minute to catch his breath, Beth asked "What you would like to do next?" While waiting for Gary's answer she quickly removed her skirt, blouse, and bra leaving her wearing just the crotch less panties and thigh highs. 

Gary looked Beth's body over, "I want you to sit on my face, so the I can taste your sweet little pussy." Gary positioned himself with his back against the couch, laid his head back, and Beth straddled his face with her legs. Gary ran his tongue up and down Beth's wet pussy lips, and zeroed in on her clit. Gary continued to nibble on Beth's clit while his strong hands cupped her asscheeks and pulled her tighter against his face. 

"Yes Gary eat my pussy," Beth moaned as she squirmed against his face. Beth could feel another climax quickly approaching as Gary worked on her clit. Beth felt Gary's fingers working on her brown puckered asshole. "Oh yes Gary your going to make me cum again!" Beth screamed. Beth felt her knees go weak as another strong climax racked her body.

Gary buried his finger up Beth's ass and felt her whole body spasm again as she experienced another shuddering orgasm.

After Beth rested for a couple of minutes she looked at Gary and noticed that his cock had recovered from the blowjob and was ready for more action. "Gary, are you ready to fuck me now?" Beth asked.

"Hell yes, I am woman!" Gary said. Beth pulled a condom out of her purse, unwrapped it, and slowly rolled it down the length of Gary's stiff cock. 

Beth straddled Gary's lap like she had done earlier, only this time there was nothing between his cock and her wet pussy but the thin material of the condom. Beth humped her pussy against Gary's cock, which caused it to rub against her clit. 

Gary could tell by the hardening of her puffy nipples that Beth was getting aroused again. Gary leaned over and started working on the nipples again with his tongue. Her hard nipples were dark brown and Gary pulled on them with his lips. 

Beth started moaning again and Gary felt her reach between them and grab his cock. Beth rubbed Gary against the entrance to her pussy a couple of times and then in one quick plunge she impaled herself on the full 8 inches of Gary's cock. Beth remained still for a couple of seconds and then began contracting the walls of her pussy against Gary's cock. 

Even with a condom on Gary could feel Beth's pussy gripping him like a vise.

Beth started to slowly raise herself up a couple of inches and then plunge down hard to swallow Gary's entire length.

Gary went to work on Beth's other tit, this time taking as much of it into his mouth as he could. Gary's tongue kept working on the hard nipple, and he started pulling on it harder. This was driving Beth wild. 

"Oh Gary, please fuck me doggy style," Beth moaned. She rose off Gary's cock and positioned herself on the sofa so Gary could give it to her from behind.

Beth had a beautiful ass and Gary started off by stroking in and out of her slowly and then increased his pace until his balls were slapping against Beth's ass.

Beth was rubbing her clit and moaning loudly. After a few minutes of intense doggy style fucking Beth decided to change positions again. Beth wanted to be on top of Gary so he could suck her tits while he drove his prick deep into her pussy. 

Gary rubbed the length of his cock against the outside of her pussy to tease her.

"Oh Gary, please put it in me now," Beth moaned. 

Slowly Gary slipped just the head of his cock into Beth's pussy.

"Ohh, please give it to me deeper! I want it all!" Beth begged.

With one quick plunge Gary buried his whole cock up into her waiting pussy. Gary could feel the muscles within Beth's cunt gripping him. Beth was so tight and when she contracted her pussy muscles the sensations were like nothing that Gary had ever felt before. Gary could feel the cum in his balls starting to boil again but he somehow managed to maintain control.

Beth was bucking her hips while riding Gary's hot shaft. Beth felt sensations building in her pussy again as she continued to ride Gary's huge fucking cock. "Oh Gary I'm cumming again!" Beth screamed. Beth thrust down hard with her hips and buried Gary's cock as deep as possible within her pussy. Beth's body stiffened again as wave after wave of pleasure rippled throughout her body. 

This orgasm was even more intense than Beth's earlier one and her pussy walls squeezed Gary unmercifully. It took everything that Gary could do, not to blast his load of cum into the condom. 

Beth's chest was rising and falling rapidly and her eyes were closed. As her pussy slowly relaxed Gary kept pumping slowly into her to make the pleasure last as long as possible. Slowly Beth's breathing returned to normal and she opened her eyes and gave Gary a big smile. Beth had this twinkle in her eye that led Gary to believe that they were not finished yet.

"Oh Gary, that was great. Lisa is very lucky, you really know how to fuck a woman," Beth said. "Since you gave me such a good fucking Gary I have a special treat for you. I want you to fuck my ass."

Gary could not believe his good fortune. He was finally going to get an opportunity to fuck a woman's ass. Gary and Lisa had tried a couple of times over the years, but it was too painful for Lisa. Hearing Beth tell him to fuck her ass brought Gary's cock to full attention.
