 AUTHORS NOTE: This is my first attempt at writing from a female point of view. Feel free to give me some pointers if I portray her out of character. Thank you, and don't forget to vote! 

Armed with a coat and scarf, Katie battled the November breeze as she walked down the street. Her destination, a gas station, peeked up at her from a hill. A cold wind nipped at her, so she increased her pace a little. 

She was but ten feet away when she fell on her ass.

The light snow had covered up the ice before her, and she hadn't noticed it. Her brisk pace made it easier for the ice to assault her, and she fell hard on her side. She groaned and sat up, holding her sore hip. Her purse had emptied all of its contents onto the street, and she forced herself to rescue them. 

One by one, she collected her possessions. Cold, angry, and with a sore hip, she fortified her resolve to get a cherry coke, and opened the door to the gas station.

The first thing she felt was the obvious relief of the heat coming from the building. It comforted her, and cooled her nerves a little. She stretched, and walked towards the freezer where her prize lay.

There were no cherry cokes in stock.

"Mother fucker!" She screamed.

She heard a chuckle come from behind her, and she spun around. There stood a gas station employee, with his short black hair and slick name tag. He caught himself momentarily, and bit his lip, trying not to laugh.

If this asshole says anything, I'll kill him, she thought to herself.

Sensing her intent, he straightened his face, and tried to make himself look professional. "Is there anything I can help you with mam?" He asked. 

Trying to cool herself down a bit, she withheld the urge to punch the young man, and took a deep breath. "Do you have any cheery coke? I walked here from down the road in the cold, and if I don't get one, then one of us is not leaving here alive." Her serious tone shocked the young man. 

"Hold on one second," said the employee, and he scurried off into the back, searching for her treasure. She took a deep breath, and set her purse onto the counter. She opened it up and started searching through it, making sure she had all of her possessions. Satisfied, she closed it, just in time for the young man to arrive.

"We don't have any, sorry." Said the gas station employee, obviously terrified of her. Katie took a deep breath, and tried to remember what her anger management counselor had told her. In times of intense anger, just think of the bright side of things, she had said. 

This was not working.

All of her anger built up, and two years of anger management classes went out the window in half a second. She balled up her fist, and stuck the young man right in the eye. He staggered backward, tripped over a broom, and fell to the ground.

She stood there, shocked by her own actions.

God dammit, I always over react to this stuff, she thought to herself. With a deep sigh, she bent over and offered a hand to the young man. He hesitantly accepted, and she helped him up off of the ground. 

"Mam, I'm uh, really sorry we don't have what you want," he said, "but please don't hit me again. You aren't the only one to have a bad day ya know." 

Katie was surprised at his rather calm demeanor, and nodded. "I really am sorry, I tend to overreact, if you get my drift." 

He shrugged, and went back behind the counter to resume his work. After a few moments, he stared at her. "Is there something you want mam? Or do you just like a man in uniform?" He said.

She was taken aback, but realized she had in fact, been staring. "Smart ass," she whispered, just loud enough for him to hear. He chuckled. Why was this man taunting her now? She had already hit him once, and now she was just tempted at just giving him an ass kicking. 

But there was something about his stance, the way he walked, and talked, that made her question the young man.

She was attracted to him.

The realization hit her like a bullet, and she almost fell on her behind again, only this time, the ice took the form of a beautiful young man. 

And he really was attractive, but she hadn't noticed until then. His jet black hair and startling dark blue eyes made a fine compliment to his broad shoulders and smooth skin. She wanted to reach out and touch him, like he wasn't even really there. Then she realized she was reaching out to touch him. She suddenly put her hand back down to her side, and looked at he shoes, turning a shade of red she didn't know was possible.

She looked up and saw the young man biting his lip, restraining yet another laugh. He may beautiful, she thought to herself, but he's a jackass. He held up his hands, as if he was surrendering. "Sorry if I'm making you mad again, but its like you went from angry woman to, well, not so angry woman rather quickly," he said. "So I guess it is the uniform huh?" He joked, flicking his name tag.

She forced herself to laugh a little, then nodded goodbye. She nearly ran out of the store, almost tripping on the same ice as before. She hurried up the street, not looking back toward the gas station, or her little crush.

What am I, thirteen? She silently asked herself. Cold, tired, and still thirsty, she decided to answer this question in a warmer environment.

Her apartment was still a good three blocks away, and her resolve was lowering every step. If there was one thing she hated, it was definitely the cold. It bit her hands, and made her face feel as if it were made of ice. 

She saw lights and turned around. Beams of bright light momentarily blinded her, and she almost didn't realize that a car had pulled up next to her. The window of the driver rolled down with a screech, and she stared into the eyes of her crush.

The man from the gas station chuckled again, causing Katie to fume with anger. Keep your cool, she told herself, just stay calm. 

"Do you need a ride?" He asked. She was slightly dumbfounded, but slowly nodded her head yes. She hurried over to the passenger side and got in. 

She shut the door and looked over at him. The lights emanating from his dashboard gave his face a green tint, and made him look even more beautiful. She blushed, and put her hands in her pockets. "I live in Keenland Crest apartments, just a couple blocks down the road."

He laughed again this time, but it was soft, and almost musical. "That's where I live babycakes."

He did not just fucking call me babycakes.

Sensing her anger, the young man shut up, and started driving again.

In just a few minutes, they pulled up to her apartment, and she quickly got out. "Thanks a lot." She said, and nearly ran to her door. She fumbled for her keys, and then heard footsteps behind her. 

The young man was standing there, smiling his obnoxious smile once more. She wanted to end his life there, but he had been nice to her, so she just shut her mouth.

"Um, why don't you just go home now? I'm not letting you in, if that's what your thinking." She said, with a bit of a growl in her voice. He was obviously offended, and his smile ended right there. 

"Believe me, I'm not getting any ideas. It seems that I'm your new neighbor." He said, pointing at the door right next to Katie's.

"You have got to be kidding me." Said Katie. 

The young man simply laughed again, and held out his hand. "My name is Lance, and your would be?" He said.

Katie took it, "It's Katie, and thanks for driving me home." 

Lance shook his head, "It was nothing." He waved goodbye, and went inside his apartment.

I guess he's not that bad. She said to herself.

She grabbed her keys and looked for her house key.

It wasn't there.

She dug around in her purse, a sudden alarm overcoming her. She looked on the ground, in her pockets, everywhere. Then the realization donned on her.

Fuck, it must have fell off my key chain at the gas station.

She groaned, and examined her choices. She could just walk down and get a spare from the main office, but they were closed. All of her friends lived miles away, and she didn't want to call them so late.

Or she could just get some help from Lance.

She looked at his door, and started to worry. He was really the only person she knew in her complex, all of her other neighbors kept to themselves. She paced around his door for a good fifteen minutes, trying to build up the courage to knock on his door.

She raised her hand to knock, and suddenly pulled away. It was too embarrassing, how could she even do this? God, I'm such an idiot. If only I didn't have to fall on my ass where ever I went...

Just then, his door swung open, and Lance stood there, staring at her.

Her first reaction was to gape at his amazing body. He was thin, but still had a nice build. His slender muscles were only outdone by his startling eyes, and cool smile. She felt herself get turned on a little, but crushed the feeling with all of her might.

He stared at her for a second, and cracked a smile. But this one wasn't obnoxious. This one was very calm, and caring. "To be honest," he said, "I've been watching you through the peep hole for a good ten minutes now." 

She wanted to faint. He had seen the whole thing. 

"I wanted to help you earlier, but you looked so funny, I just couldn't help myself." He yawned, and stretched his arms high into the air. She gasped at how high his hands went, and noticed that he was very tall. He yawned, and beckoned her inside.

"Um, I don't want to be a burden..." 

"Don't worry. I take it your locked out right? Well, my cousin is the maintenance guy here, and I'll have him come get your spare. Seriously, its nothing. Come on in." And with that he held open the door, and waved his hand for her to come in.

She hesitated, but did as he asked. The sudden warmth was pleasing, and she relaxed a little. 

"Hold on, I'll go put a shirt on real quick." He said. She was actually saddened at the news, unable to stare at his sexy physique. 

He ran into a back room, and emerged a few seconds later with a white t-shirt on. It did little to hide his body, and this pleased Katie.

"Hold on a minute, let me call my cousin." He went for his house phone, and dialed a number. Katie took a long look at his apartment.

It was spacious, just like hers. He had a couch and a love seat, and a large bookshelf, completely filled. This pleased her, she liked a man who could read.

He had painted the walls a peach color, and they went well with his furniture. His kitchen was open, and connected with the living room. It was maroon, with a few dishes in the sink. Then she noticed something very interesting.

He didn't own a television.

This shocked her. She could see into the majority of his bedroom from her viewpoint, and he didn't have one there either. It was surprising, seeing a man so young without a television. 

Lance was baffling her at every turn.

She yawned, and sat down on his couch. He hung up the telephone, and gave her a look that worried her.

"My cousin is out of town. No one has access to the office right now. So, there's really no way to get into your apartment. You can use my phone if you want."

She nearly died. What was she supposed to do? There was no one she could call right now, all of her friends lived miles away. She sighed, and put her head into her hands. The only real option was unthinkable, and she was too afraid to even ask.

"You can stay here if you want. I promise I won't try anything weird. I can sleep on the couch, and you can take my bed. I don't have work tomorrow, so you can stay as long as you like."

She looked up at him with a somber expression, and just nodded. What was Lance doing to her? She was normally very out-going, and very loud. Now she was quiet as a nervous little schoolgirl. 

Lance nodded, and sat down at his kitchen table. "Why don't you sit with me, and talk for awhile? I figure if we know each other better, then we'll both probably be a bit more comfortable."

She nodded, and sat down next to him.

And they talked for what seemed like hours.

She learned he was a college student, studying journalism at the local college. He had moved here only a week prior, and got a deal from his cousin on the apartment. She never saw the moving truck, so she never even noticed. 

He was only 21, which surprised her. He had the presence of a much older man, but she could tell by his body. It still had that youthful vigor. 

Katie, who was 34, felt a little awkward staying at such a young mans place. She wasn't the kind of woman who did things like this, even if she had to. 

She told him about her life. She studied to be a teacher, and taught at a local elementary. She told him about her anger issues, and apologized for the incident earlier that night. He just laughed, "don't worry, it really doesn't hurt too bad. I'll just try not to piss you off again." 

She laughed, "well, thank you for being understanding. I just get so mad all the time. It's hard being a teacher when your like me, so I take anger management for it." 

He shrugged, "its better than not being mad enough. I hate it when people just roll with the punches. It's good to know someone stands up for themselves in the world."

She nodded. He was very wise, and she found herself even more attracted to him. 

They talked for awhile. She learned he liked to read and write, and hated television. "T.V. Ruins the youth." He said. 

She stared at him, and she felt herself turned on even more. It had been awhile since she had been with a man. She nearly hit herself. He's too young, besides, he probably has all the young college girls on him. It's best not to think that way. 

With a stretch and a yawn, he got up from his chair and motioned towards his bedroom. "Let me get some pillows and stuff real quick." He went into his room and shut the door.

She wanted him bad, and she knew it. But luckily, she was a master of self control.

He emerged from his room with a pillow and blanket, and set up his sleeping area on the couch. 

"I have a spare toothbrush in the bathroom in my room. Just do whatever you need to do, and the bed is all yours. Don't worry, I washed my sheets just yesterday, and they're very clean. Don't hesitate to ask me if you need anything," he said.

She nodded, and walked towards his bedroom. She turned around and waved him goodnight, and shut the door. 

Katie brushed her teeth, and stripped down to her under garments, and climbed into his bed. It was very comfortable queen size, and the blankets were very warm.

She heard him cough, and imagined him laying there, in his boxers. He was so sexy, and she couldn't help but fantasize a little. 

She fell asleep, and soon started to dream.

She felt him climb into bed, and caress her cheek. His cool breath was hot on her neck, and she slipped her arms around his waste. They're mouths met, and she kissed him hungrily. Their tongues danced on each other, and she felt him harden through his boxers. 

Her hand snaked down, and she caressed him through the soft material. He shuddered with her touch, and he returned the favor by rubbing her through her panties. She felt him bite her neck, and she exhaled sharply. Little moans escaped him, and he started to tug on her panties. She nibbled on his ear, and his hand slipped into her...

"Oh Lance. Oh god, please don't stop..."

She awoke with a start.

The first thing she noticed was Lance, standing in the doorway, holding his toothbrush. He raised it up and looked at it, "I uh, forgot this."

Then she noticed the blankets did nothing to cover up the fact that she was rubbing herself. Her hand was drenched in her own juice, and her situation became obvious.

He walked in on her masturbating.

She realized this, and was surprisingly calm about it. She felt oddly comfortable, and locked eyes with Lance. He swallowed hard, and looked down.

"I'm really sorry. Its just, you said my name, so I thought you were awake. I'll just be going now..." He started to close the door.

"Wait, Lance." Katie whispered.

He stopped the door just before it closed, and peeked his head inside. 

"Come here." 

Nervous, he walked slowly towards her, and she pulled him onto the bed. 

She kissed him, hungrily. Her hands wrapped around his neck, and she pulled him onto the bed with her. 

The things the man does to me, she though to herself.

She slipped her tongue into his mouth, an he welcomed it with his own. They danced like this for awhile, and she felt him suck on her tongue. 

She was turned on immediately, and she let him continue. He pulled away, and started kissing her neck. He placed a trail down to her collar bone, and kissed a path all the way back up. 

She moaned a little, and pulled him closer. Their lips met again, and he ran his fingers lightly down her sides, sending shivers through her.

She rolled him over and went on the attack. She sucked on his neck, and heard his sharp intake of breath. She kissed her way down his chest, and stopped at his boxers. She stroked his crotch, and felt his hardness through the soft material. She kissed it through is boxers, and slowly caressed his balls. He arched his back, and allowed her more room.

She pulled his boxers down, and stared at him. His member was thick, and a small bead of pre-cum rested at its tip. She kissed his balls lightly, and took one of them into her mouth.

He moaned, and started to stroke her hair. She licked his balls, and sucked each one into her mouth several times, her tongue dancing over them. She could feel his breath become irregular, and knew he was in heaven.

She lightly ran her tongue up his shaft, and sucked on his head a little. She probed his slit, and gripped his member with her hand. She pumped slowly at first, sizing him up. Then she sped up, moving a little faster with every stroke.

He was audible now, and she could hear his soft moans. She pumped fast, and sucked his balls. He arched his back again, and spread his legs even more.

She suddenly took him into her mouth, and he exhaled sharply. She went halfway down his shaft, before pulling up again, and then back down. She bobbed her head slowly on his prick, and sped up over time. 

She felt his balls tighten, and she knew he was about to cum. She moved a bit faster, and took as much of his length as she could. He thrusted forward slightly, and the first jet of cum shot out.

She felt it hit the back of her throat, and she nearly gagged. She remained steady though, and bobbed on him as he came. Ribbons of cum hit her mouth, and she swallowed them. She sucked until he was done, and then licked up the rest.

He pulled her up and kissed her, not bothered by his own taste. He kissed her hard now, and roller her over so he was on top. He made a trail down to her breasts, and sucked on her nipples. The warm sensation tickled her senses, and turned her on even more. He kissed his way down to her naval, and made small circles with his tongue.

The sensations were unimaginable. He ran a finger over her crotch, and pulled off her panties. He ran a finger over her slit, and she felt him discover her clit. He rubbed slowly, barely making a circle, and then sped up. She moaned at his touch, arched her back.

He inserted a finger into her, and she nearly lost it. He worked his way in and out her, filling her with one, then two fingers. She had to bite her lip to keep from being too loud. 

He finger fucked her for awhile, occasionally leaning over and kissing her. He placed his tongue at her pubic area, and traced a trail down to her clit. He sucked it into his mouth, and ran his tongue over it. The sensations were amazing, and she felt an orgasm coming on. 

She arched her back and let out a howl, nearly screaming. The orgasm washed over her like a wave, and for several minutes. It receded slowly, and then she just laid there, breathing heavily.
