 I'd arranged a little barbecue. The main invitees were the guys from the local football team. We'd had quite a decent season (for us) and were feeling smugly pleased with ourselves. We may not be going to set the world alight on the playing field but we'd had fun, and that was the main idea.

Now I didn't really expect many wives or girlfriends to rock up, and those that did were pretty certain to be designated drivers. I'm not saying that the barbecue was just a fancy name for having a booze up, but I did expect the booze to flow quite freely. I might even have one or two drinks myself.

All in all, things went quite well. We were enjoying ourselves, recalling the glories and stuff-ups of the past season and daydreaming about future seasons. The guys and the keg had effectively taken over the back yard and the wives and girlfriends had taken over the kitchen. Every so often they sent out some food. I think this was designed to keep us all in the backyard and not bothering them.

Potential trouble arose, however, when Darlene came over. Darlene is the girl next door. Literally. She lives in the house next to mine. She's around eighteen, nineteen, something like that. Quite pretty, although she'll never be a filmstar or super model. She's always struck me as reasonably intelligent but possibly a little naïve in some instances. 

My personal opinion was that I wouldn't kick her out of my bed if I happened to find her there one day. As to her sex life and boyfriends, I wouldn't have a clue. Some people you hear rumours about, but I've never heard anyone running Darlene down. Just your nice average young woman.

It was getting a bit late and the boys were a bit noisy. Darlene just came over to ask if we could turn it down a little. We did, but just a little. 

Darlene didn't bother going home. Initially she stayed in the kitchen with the wives and girlfriends but, not being a designated driver, she saw no reason why she shouldn't have a drink. Like I said, a little naïve at times. 

Darlene wandered out into the yard and demanded someone get her a drink. Sipping on it, she wandered around the yard, chatting and flirting with the guys. It wasn't all that long and she had a small set of wolves circling her, anticipating fresh meat.

Now wandering around sipping a drink, chatting and flirting with the guys, is quite reasonable when you're at the pub. There are lots of people there, plenty of strangers, a fair mix of both sexes and, on a busy night, bouncers. Nothing is going to happen to you in a pub.

In a private backyard, surrounded by only men, things could easily be different. Especially knowing the morals of some of those guys, even if they hadn't been drinking.

I cut Darlene out of the herd and sheep-dogged her into the house. She was still on her first drink, so she wasn't tipsy. Just a bit puzzled as to why I had chased her inside.

"Darlene, sweetheart," I said, "I don't know how you like your sex but I would assume at your age you'd probably prefer it to be one on one, consenting and private. The way you were acting out there you were about to find out what it's like to have sex one to many, unconsenting and rather public.

Half the guys out there are sporting erections and looking towards you to service them. And some of them won't be too choosy about asking permission before pulling down your panties."

Darlene flushed and looked furious. Just what was I accusing her of? She hadn't been leading anyone on. There hadn't been the least suggestion that she might want to have sex with anyone. I was being horribly unfair.

"I didn't say you might want to have sex with any of the boys," I pointed out. "I was saying that your permission just might have been irrelevant, and once one of them stuck a cock in you, others would surely follow. Now while it's very nice to have you here, I think it's time you went home.

Unless, of course, you rather fancy a nice gang-bang?"

From the look that implied I was a degenerate and unspeakable swine, I gathered that she didn't. She stormed off towards the door, apparently hearing her bed calling her home.

I walked along beside her. She stopped and glared at me.

"There's no need for you to see me off," she snapped. "I know my way home."

"And I know that a couple of those idiots are probably lurking in the front garden, waiting to give you a good night kiss. I'll escort you."

"Even if there was someone waiting to give me a goodnight kiss it's no business of yours. I'll kiss anyone I want to," she protested, all fired up at the idea of needing a watch dog.

"Um, I think you'll find that it's not these lips they want to kiss," I told her, touching her lips lightly.

My, she had a nice blush. She didn't say another word. Just turned and walked haughtily out the door, ignoring the crude peon who walked next to her.

Walking down the path to my front gate I could hear movement in the bushes. A couple of the idiots were there, ready to chance their arms. Darlene also heard the noise and nervously moved a little closer to me.

Darlene unlocked her door and entered. Before she could turn to say goodnight and close the door, I'd followed her in, closing the door behind me.

I'm not blind where women are concerned. I can tell what they're wearing or not wearing. Especially if the things they're wearing are flimsy blouses and the things they're not wearing are bras. Darlene's blouse was not see through, but it didn't need to be to show her nipples were pointing and aroused. 

Darlene may not have consciously known it, but flirting with the boys had left her excited, and the scenarios I'd been hinting at had also been working on her. I thought I might just give her a little scare to drive the point home.

Darlene was just opening her mouth to ask why I'd come in when I took hold of her blouse and jerked the two sides in opposite directions. Her mouth stayed open as buttons popped and the blouse fell open, revealing two very nice breasts.

I reached out and pressed a nipple, gently rolling it under my thumb.

"When you're with a group of men and you're not wearing a bra it is very much evident when your nipples are erect. Every man out there was thinking of doing what I just did and it only takes one drink too many and some idiot would do it."

Darlene was looking somewhat stunned, her eyes dropping down to where my thumb was gently molesting her. Oddly enough she didn't step back or knock my hand away. She just stood there watching.

Touching Darlene's nipple was all I'd intended doing, but as she just stood there I found myself reaching down and up under her skirt, my hand neatly cupping her mound. I could feel the heat radiating from her and her panties were moist. It seems she was a lot more excited than I had thought.

Now I found myself in a quandary. What should I do? Darlene was just staring at me like a rabbit pinned by the headlights. This would take some careful consideration. While I thought it over, I slowly undressed her.

Once Darlene was naked I leaned back a little and considered her. She really was a pretty and very nubile young woman.

"I'm not sure what to do right now," I told her. "Do I now give you a smack on the bottom and send you off to bed or do I pick you up and take you to bed?"

Darlene didn't say anything, which was not terribly helpful. She just stood there, blushing, not even trying to cover herself. I knew she was excited, but having my cock advance on her might turn excitement into shock and terror.

The only way to find out was to show her what was coming. As you may have guessed, I had a raging erection by this stage. I unzipped and let it out.

Darlene glanced down at it, blushed deeper and looked away. 

"Darlene," I asked, suddenly curious, "are you a virgin?"

That finally got a reaction. She actually looked indignant while denying that she was still a virgin.

"In that case you damn well know what an erection is and what I want to do with it."

"Yes."

Yes? What sort of answer is yes? It tells me nothing.

"Do you mean yes, you know what I want to do, or yes, do it?"

Darlene swallowed looked me in the eye, looked at my erection and then back to my face.

"Yes, do it," she snapped.

I stripped, watching Darlene the entire time. She just stood there, watching me, breathing hard. When I was naked I reached out and jerked her towards me, holding her plastered against my body, my erection hard against her tummy.

Hands on her bottom I lifted her, letting her feel my cock sliding against her as I dragged her up. I lifted her until I could reach her lips easily and then kissed her hard, tongues entwining.

Again I lifted until her breasts were pressing against my face, and again I kissed her, sharing my kisses between her breasts while sucking on her nipples. I bit gently at her nipples, not so gently against her breasts, knowing I'd be leaving bruises.

Lowering her again, and Darlene's eyes were wide open as she stared at me, knowing what I was about to do to her. My erection was between her legs and she could feel it against her inner thighs. Her pussy felt it next as I lowered her onto it. Darlene seemed to catch her breath and hold it, then my erection was pushing up into her.

Darlene threw her arms around my neck and her legs lifted and wrapped around my waist. Her head came down and she nipped me on the neck. She wasn't the only one who'd be sporting bruises tomorrow. 

Even though I was only half in her, I moved my hands to her back, supporting her as she clutched hold of me. I could feel myself wedged tightly in her passage. She was hot and wet and ready for me, pushing herself down against me even as I pushed up into her.

One last push and Darlene gave a little squeak of satisfaction as she nestled against me.

"Where's the bedroom?" I growled and she let go with one arm long enough to point.

I moved down to the indicated room, pushed open the door and entered, wearing Darlene like a limpet. I moved over to the bed and fell forward onto it, Darlene squealing as she hit the bed, I landed on her and my cock gave her a good jolt.

Now I know that when you take a woman it's supposed to be a mutual thing. You work yourself up to a climax and by timing it carefully you also work her up to a climax at the same time. Like I said, a mutual thing.

And when I started on Darlene I didn't give a stuff. She was wrapped around my cock and it felt good. Her breasts were soft and squashable and I squashed them, mauling them, teasing those little hard nubs of nipples while I plied my cock with great enthusiasm.

And Darlene reacted. She was squealing and bouncing beneath me, pushing up hard to meet me as I plunged into her. She writhed under me, shrieking when I bit into her soft mounds and grated my teeth across her nipples, but at no stage did she stop pressing up to meet me.

I was in command, ravishing her body, rejoicing in my dominance of her, while Darlene squealed and opened herself, yielding her body to my control.

I kept driving in, seeking my own fulfilment, determined to demonstrate that I was her master. She readily accepted me on those terms, probably knowing in the long run the woman always triumphs.

I took her harder and harder, driving in deep and often and Darlene took everything I offered and asked for more. She got it.

First and foremost in my mind was my desperate search for my climax. My cock was on fire from the friction within Darlene's passage and my testicles felt as though they were swelling to bursting point. I took her even harder, driving forcefully home, feeling the surge building within me.

Darlene was lucky. I climaxed and she followed suit in very short order. It wasn't something I'd been trying to do. I'd really been acting as a totally self-absorbed jerk while I took her, my only aim being to pleasure myself with her body, not that I was going to admit that. 

Darlene screamed and collapsed under me, shuddering as I emptied myself into her. I collapsed on her, crushing her under me and gasping.

The woman always triumphs. I recovered from my climax before she recovered from hers, but at the end of the day I was totally drained and Darlene was glowing, quite capable of starting all over again. It just wouldn't be with me.

She snuggled up against me and I held her, stroking her hair. Slowly she seemed to relax, and then she slept. I slid out of the bed, found my clothes and dressed. Gathering up hers, I placed them next to her bed. 

Home again, at the barbecue, I took a drink. I needed one. What did I say to Darlene the next time I met her and how should I act? I suppose it all depends on where we meet. It might be a case of smile politely and say hullo. There again, it might also be in a place where I could push her to the ground, rip off her panties and ravish her. I'd just have to wait.