 All the Pretty Girls Are Married, All the Handsome Men Are Gay 

***** 

The club was already busy when they arrived. It was only a little after nine, but the music was loud and pumping. The dance floor was almost empty, but Katie was determined to find somewhere to sit before the place really filled up. "What are you drinking?" she said -- or rather, shouted -- to Emma. 

"I don't know. Mojito?" 

Katie squeezed into a gap by the bar. It seemed to take a while for the barman to notice her, which she found a little annoying. She was used to men noticing her, especially in her tight cream dress. 

"Mojito, please. And a G&T." 

"Which gin?" the barman asked, leaning across the bar towards her. 

"Oh, any. Gordon's." 

"No! Give the lady a Sipsmith's. And a Fever Tree. With lime." 

She looked at the guy who had overruled her order. He was quite tall, slim, short-ish hair, nice features. He wore a tightly-fitting polo shirt, and looked fit. 

Before she could say anything, the barman headed off to fulfil her order. She turned to her new companion. "Do you always order drinks for strange women?" she asked, more amused than annoyed. 

"You don't look that strange to me. Actually you look rather nice. But if you're going to pay the prices they charge in here, you may as well have a really good G&T rather than a mediocre one." He was leaning quite close so he could be heard, and she could smell his cologne. "I'm a part-time barman. I know my drinks." 

"It's cool; I trust you." Although the guy was good looking, he didn't seem to have the hungry leer she seemed to elicit from a lot of men she'd met. 

"You should do. The Gordon's is only fifty pence cheaper and it's nothing like as complex as the Sipsmith's. Taste it and let me know if you agree it's better." 

Her drinks arrived, and she tasted the G&T. "OK. I admit -- you're right." She paid, mouthed a 'thanks' to her new acquaintance and headed back through the melée. 

"Who was that?" Emma asked. She'd seen a couple of creepy-looking blokes eyeing up her pretty, dark-haired friend, and felt rather uncomfortable. She wasn't sure whether tonight had been a good idea. 

"Oh, just some bloke who seemed to think he was a drinks consultant. He was no trouble." She glanced around. "Have you seen a table yet?" 

"I think there could be a bit of space at the back," Emma said. "Let's have a look." Katie was glad to follow her friend towards the rear of the club, away from the crush around the bar. 

They found an alcove where the pounding music was a little quieter, but there were no tables free. Then a voice said "Looking for somewhere to sit? You could join us if you like." 

Katie looked around and saw her 'drinks consultant' standing behind her. He indicated an alcove with four seats, currently occupied by a good-looking young man on his own. She turned to Emma, who saw her expression and said "Why not?" The two women headed for the offered table. 

As they took their seats, Katie's new acquaintance set down his own drinks and slid in opposite them. He reached out a hand. "Hi. I'm Matt. This is my friend -- perhaps I should say partner -- Josh." 

Katie shook the proffered hand. "Nice to meet you, and thanks. I'm Katie and this is Emma." After polite handshakes and smiles all round, she asked "So when you say 'partner,' do you mean business partner, or..." 

"Not really. I suppose I mean 'life partner'." 

"So you're..." 

"Yes, darling, we're gay. Do you want to get up and leave now?" Josh asked. 

"Of course not. It's just that I don't think I've met any gay men before." 

"Do you know any gay women, then?" Josh asked with a smile. 

"Well, no. See, we're both married, so I guess that makes us straight." 

"Not necessarily," said Matt. "I know at least one bi- girl who's married and I've definitely met some married bi- men. But hey, just because we're not here on the pull doesn't mean that we can't be friends, does it?" He had a very winning smile. Katie somehow felt disappointed that the only good-looking men she'd met in weeks were both gay; but then, she was a married woman and shouldn't really think such thoughts. 

"So where are your husbands?" Josh asked. 

"Brazil," Emma said with a rather resigned sigh. "At the sodding World Cup. They don't seem to be able to think of anything but football. As soon as the tickets went on sale, they were there. It's costing a bloody fortune." 

"What about you? Are they taking you ladies somewhere nice to make up for it?" 

"Oh sure!" Emma continued with a cynical expression. "Mine's said he'll take me to Majorca next year, but this summer we're all going to a caravan near Bournemouth. Rio it isn't!" 

"As you can tell, Em and me are not impressed. They'd better bring us back something nice from Rio." 

"You'd better watch out they don't bring you back anything nasty from Rio," Matt replied. "I've heard the girls out there can be pretty persuasive and not as clean as you'd like." 

"If Steve does anything like that, he'll find tender parts of his anatomy decorating the shed roof," Katie said with some feeling. 

"And if Rob brings back anything nasty, he can kiss goodbye to the house -- and me." Both girls gave the impression that marital infidelity by their partners might be a very real possibility. 

"I'm sure they wouldn't do anything like that," Matt said, clearly trying to lighten the mood. "Not with two lovely ladies such as yourselves waiting for them at home." 

Emma and Katie exchanged glances. It seemed as though these two gay strangers had touched a nerve. Eager to change the subject, Katie turned to Matt. 

"So you said you're a part-time barman. What do you do with the rest of your time?" 

"I'm a freelance interior designer. It's great when I have a client, but a bit lean between contracts. I've only been working for myself for a little over a year, so business opportunities can be a bit hit and miss. I can have three on the go at the same time, and then months go by without anything, so I serve behind a bar in one of the swanky late-night clubs in Town. Just Fridays and Saturdays. That's how I can be here on a Thursday night. I started because it was good for talent spotting. Then I met Josh, and we've been together for over six months now, but it's still fun to meet people and flirt a little." 

"And Josh, what do you do?" 

"Nothing as romantic as Matt. I'm in IT. I do server and network configurations for a multi-national bank. And congratulations -- you just set the record for someone's eyes glazing over when I talk about my job." He grinned. 

"No. Honestly, I mean, it must be a very important job. Only I don't understand a word of it!" Katie smiled back. 

"Neither does Josh. It's all bluff," Matt grinned. 

"So how did you two meet," Emma asked, trying to move the subject to something less complex. 

"In a place very much like this. Matt was behind the bar. Our eyes met across a crowded room. The Earth moved." 

"Actually, I saw him dancing. Josh is a great mover." 

"And Matt mixes a great drink. And his flat looks like something out of a magazine -- and I don't mean Viz." They laughed. 

"So why did you ladies come here tonight?" Matt asked. "Surely you're not on the pull? I mean, you look very nice, but you're both married, aren't you? And I'd put the gay to straight ratio in here tonight at about three to one, so you would have struggled to find anyone who suited your tastes -- unless you were taking a walk on the wild side and trying to sniff out some good-looking dykes." Matt seemed to be permanently smiling, with a slightly wicked twinkle in his eye. 

"We both just fancied getting out of the house and going for a bit of a dance somewhere," Emma replied. "What's the point of having nice frocks and shoes if you never get a chance to wear them? This seemed to be the nearest place that looked half-decent and where girls get in free on a Thursday. Someone from work recommended it." 

"So is your colleague gay?" Josh asked. "No, it's OK, I was only joking. Yes, there are a few straights here, but if you're looking for dance partners, your choice is a bit limited." 

"We would have been happy to dance with each other," Katie said. "In fact, that's what we'll probably do when we've finished our drinks." 

"Well, if there isn't anyone here you know, you could always dance with us," Josh offered. "Assuming, that is, you're any good. We don't dance with just anyone." 

"Wouldn't that harm your street-cred, dancing with -- ohmygod -- girls?" Katie feigned horror. 

"Well, if you both looked like dogs then maybe, but it would be fun to see what the local queens make of us being seen with such attractive and nicely-dressed ladies," Matt replied. 

"Oh, so we're attractive, are we?" Emma said with a smile. "I'm not sure whether being found attractive by a gay guy is a compliment or not." 

"Oh sweetie," Josh replied, "It most definitely should be. Matt has excellent tastes and his flat -- our flat -- is full of very beautiful and elegant things. He's a man of refinement, and trust me, if he says you're attractive, that's an empirical fact. As it happens, I agree, but what do I know -- I'm just a gay IT nerd!" 

"Well, I've had worse chat-up lines," Katie said, smiling. "And much worse chat up lines from guys who wanted to get in my knickers. I'm assuming that's not on your agenda?" 

"Of course not," Matt smiled back. "I'm sure they wouldn't fit me anyway, and I always find lace very scratchy." 

"You're really not his type; or mine, really," Josh added. "We both prefer people who, well -- stick out in different places. But if you'd like to dance, then I think we can have some fun. We'd certainly like to see how you move; it'll make a change from dancing with each other. Ready?" 

The two men really were good dancers, Josh especially. Katie thought their style was a little 'flamboyant,' but it was much better than the sort of disjointed, arrhythmic shuffling that Steve and Rob grudgingly did on the rare occasions that they could be coaxed onto the floor. They danced a lot -- for around two hours, with just one quick break for a drink. Then, after midnight, they virtually collapsed back at their table. 

"I'll get some drinks in," Emma offered. "What would you like?" 

"Take a look at the bar. You'll be there for hours," Josh replied. 

"Look," Matt said, "if you fancy a drink, why not come back to ours? I've got all the premium brands there and I'll show you what a proper cocktail should taste like. We're just around the corner." 

The girls looked at each other. "Why not?" Emma said to Katie. "I mean, they're gay, aren't they? It's not like we've pulled!" 

The flat really was only a short walk away, which was fortunate considering the heels the girls were wearing. It was also everything that Josh had said; elegant, beautifully furnished with a few exquisite things. Some of the artwork was original, including a couple of (male) nudes and some very interesting abstracts. 

Matt was as good as his word. "Now, here's a selection of gins. Try each of them and see which one you prefer." Katie wasn't used to drinking neat spirits, but the little tasting test confirmed that the Sipsmith's Matt had recommended earlier was the most complex and interesting of the four that he presented. He then mixed some mojitos with a lot of fresh mint and lime juice, and not too much sugar, which they all enjoyed. 

Being able to socialise -- chat, drink and dance -- with a couple of (they had to admit) fit guys, in a beautiful flat, without the usual 'fencing' involved in flirting with -- or fending off -- straight boys, was a pleasant change from sitting at home watching TV. Several mojitos later, they were getting very relaxed. Emma started asking some questions about the boys' lifestyle, about how they socialised, what they were doing before they met. 

"When did you first decide you were gay?" Katie asked. 

"Oh, in my early teens. I guess it was just after puberty," Matt replied. 

"So have you never had sex with a woman?" 

"No. I guess it never really appealed." 

"Weren't you ever even curious?" Katie asked. 

"I suppose I never met anyone who was attractive enough to make it worth the effort. I mean, I've tried to 'turn' a few straight guys, and I succeeded once. He said he'd never really fancied other men, but he did it because he decided I was fit enough to make it worth trying. Afterwards he said he'd enjoyed it, and might do it again with the right man, but he preferred girls. I thought it was a waste, but I suppose I can see how he felt. I guess I'd try it with a very attractive woman, just out of curiosity. But I'd be surprised if a girl could give as good a blowjob as a guy." 

"Hah! That's where I think you're wrong, Matt. I can't imagine any guy giving better head than a girl," Emma replied with a slightly slurred voice. 

"Really? Is that a speciality of yours, Emma?" 

Emma went a bit red, and glanced at Katie, but then she said "Well actually, it is. But it's all aca -- academic, 'cos you're convinced that guys are better." 

Katie reflected that Em seemed more than a little drunk, but she found the turn that the conversation had taken quite funny -- and actually a bit exciting. It seemed strange to be discussing blowjobs with two gay men, but perhaps because she was, she realised, also rather drunk, and probably because the boys were so attractive, she was happy to join in. 

"And of course, you must feel that the girl could never be good looking enough," she added. 

"That's where you're wrong. If a guy puts his cock in a pretty face, I would expect -- though I don't know, because I've never tried it -- that it wouldn't matter whether that face was male or female. But I still think that a guy really does know how to do it better to another guy. I mean, I don't think I would be as good at eating pussy as a girl could be." 

"I'm sure you could learn," Emma continued. "Even my Rob has, and that was a long training course, I can tell you -- though not without its bene -- benefits." 

"Well, I'm not likely to have the opportunity. And anyway, there's no way that a girl could be as tight as a boy." 

"That would obviously depend on which hole you select," Emma replied, clearly warming to her subject. "But if you went in the normal way, there are compensations. It's a lot wetter than a boy would be, and you wouldn't need to lube it up first." 

"Em, it's no good trying to convince them, because no woman will ever be attractive enough," Katie teased. 

"No, you're wrong there," Josh replied. "I've seen women that I could be persuaded to try it with." 

"Really? Where? On 'America's next top model'?" 

"No way! Those girls are far too plastic," Matt responded. "If I was going to do it with a girl, it would have to be with someone who was naturally good-looking and had a sense of fun." 

"Fine. So where would you find a girl like that?" Emma said. 

"Well, I could do a lot worse than you two. Shame you're married, though." 

At that point, Katie and Emma looked at each other. 

"Are you being serious?" Katie asked, suddenly feeling a mixture of naughty excitement and a fear that she was getting into something she shouldn't. 

Matt and Josh looked at each other, then back to the girls. "Well, you started this, ladies, and despite ourselves, you've got us interested. If you're just joking, that's fine. But if you were being serious, I for one, and I think Josh, would be interested in sampling what you have to offer. It's something neither of us has really considered before, but we're always interested in new experiences. Like we said, we don't think it would be as good for us as with each other, but we'd be willing to give it a try. But you; you're both married women, so we assume you were being hypothetical." 

Emma and Katie exchanged meaningful glances. Then Emma said "I -- I wasn't being -- hypo -- hypo -- whatever. I really think you should try girls for a change. Fuck it, I don't care if you're queer; I think you're both ver' good looking, and you move like -- like... Look, I'd be surprised if my Rob wasn't fucking some Brazilian hooker right now. I know he was a randy sod before we were married, and -- and, oh fuck it, I'm feeling horny and right now I'd do it with anyone who was good looking and could show me a good time. There -- I've said it." 

"Well, I have to say I'm flattered," Matt said with a slightly ironic smile. "What about you, Katie? Do you feel the same?" 

Katie felt confused. When she and Emma had gone out earlier, there was an unspoken agreement that they would flirt. She'd worn her tight-fitting, cream-coloured party dress. She was proud of her full breasts and her pert bum, and the dress showed off both to maximum advantage. Steve loved her to wear it, but only for him, so in dressing-up tonight -- and getting her short, bobbed hair styled earlier in the day -- she'd already shown a defiance of her absent husband's wishes. 

She could tell Emma felt the same. Her friend was slim, petite and her long, blonde hair framed her pale, cute face in a way that made a lot of men -- including Rob -- want to fall over themselves to look after her. Emma called herself 'skinny,' or sometimes, when she was particularly annoyed at Katie's man-attracting curves, 'scrawny' -- but she turned just as many heads. And the two women had an unspoken bond; it was always the case that where one went, the other would follow. Now that Emma had apparently agreed to be unfaithful, where did that leave Katie? 

"It's OK, Katie. You don't have to do anything. If you like, I'll phone for a cab. You can either take Emma with you, or if she means what she says, we'll send her home in the morning with a report on whether she's convinced us. What do you say?" 

Matt smiled at her -- and that was it. In less than a second, she looked at this very cute young man and had a mental image of her husband, slightly balding, with a bit of a beer-belly, fucking some Brazilian hooker in a sleazy Rio hotel. "If Em's staying, so am I," she said quietly. 

"Well ladies, it seems we have an adventure on our hands," Matt said with some relish. "I'd toss a coin, but I'm not in the mood for tossing tonight, and it's my flat, so I claim the master bedroom. Either of these lovely ladies would be to my tastes, but despite Emma's claim to be the blowjob queen, I'd really like to see what Katie's like, and leave Emma to practice on my boyfriend. Is everyone OK with that?" 

All three of them nodded. 

"Emma, just don't suck Josh so hard that he doesn't want to put it back in my mouth! Now Katie, please follow me. I'm intrigued to see where this might lead." 

A few minutes later, a slightly confused Katie found herself in a bedroom that was at least as elegant as the lounge, surrounded by pictures of Matt and Josh in various outfits, including nearly naked. And then she got to appreciate the real thing, as Matt removed his polo shirt. Stripped to the waist, he was even sexier than when clothed. She reflected for just a moment that Steve never looked that good, was never that slim, never had such well-defined muscles. Sure, he was strong, but in a 'manly' way, rather hairy and with the sort of build that comes from working on building sites and drinking a lot afterwards. Matt was so different -- lean, with a body that could have been a professional dancer's or gymnast's; smooth, almost 'pretty,' in a way Steve would have despised but now, she realised, she was forced to admire. 

And then her dress was off, and Matt turned to kiss her. She was surprised -- though unsure why she should be -- that he kissed well. Very well. His touch was softer, more teasing than Steve ever managed. Just the kiss felt more erotic, sexier, than even some of Steve's most direct sexual moves. 
