 I love all the women I make love with. That's pretty self-evident because I couldn't make love with someone I didn't love. I could have sex with her, but that wouldn't be the same as making love. I don't mean that I love them in a romantic way; I mean that I love them in a caring and sharing way. If one of the women were to ask me who is my favorite, I would say that she is. That would be completely true, because she would be my favorite, at least at that moment. Outside of that, I try not to have a favorite, but if I absolutely had to name one, it would be Gayle.

For one thing, she is almost my age. Most of the women are younger than I, some by many years, but Gayle is just a few years younger, making us contemporaries. The best thing about her, however, is the way she delights in providing me with as much enjoyment as she can. In that way, we are much alike. I enjoy the sex in its own right, of course, but I also derive enormous pleasure when a woman squeals in delight that she is cumming, especially if it is something she does several times during the course of our love-making. Gayle also enjoys making love with me and takes great delight in knowing how much I enjoy our times together. It seems like we almost have contests in seeing which of us can give the other the most pleasure, and when we have these contests, we both win.

She lives with a man who is much older than she. For over a decade he has been completely impotent and before that his sexual powers were very low. For years, before we were introduced by another of my lady friends, Gayle had put up with the lack of a sex life. The mutual friend persuaded Gayle to come to see me to learn what she had been missing. That first time was so marvelous, and we gave one another so much enjoyment that we have been getting together regularly ever since. Her man has regular physical therapy, which lasts all afternoon so we make love while he is at his therapist.

The last time we got together, she came to my house and I greeted her with a big hug and a series of passionate kisses. She knows how much I like kissing her lovely face, and she makes a point of never stopping me. And her face is lovely, and very kissable, with her strong features, clear skin and soft brown hair. Gayle is short, just over five feet tall, with a pleasantly curvaceous figure. She took off her shoes (I was already barefoot) and we walked arm in arm to the bedroom and resumed kissing. I unbuttoned her blouse and helped her out of it and she did the same with my shirt. The bra was next and I unhooked it while she was holding the cups in place. Then she turned around, facing me, and pulled her bra off, revealing firm, shapely breasts with large nipples. I bent down and cupped one in either hand and kissed them until Gayle reached down, unfastened my pants and pulled them down around my ankles. I stepped out of my pants, wearing only my undershorts. We lay on the bed, me in my shorts and Gayle wearing her skirt. As I said, we both enjoy pleasuring one another and this day it was Gayle's turn to go first.

She started by kissing me firmly on my mouth, forcing her tongue through my lips where it caressed mine. She kissed my on both eyes and the pulse spots on my temples and then down my throat. I raised my chin to allow her mouth to go where it wanted. Gayle kissed her way down to my chest and lightly nipped both of my nipples with her teeth, then licked them with her healing tongue, and continued to kiss and lick her way down until her tongue was coiled in my navel. After she reached that point, Gayle asked me to remove her skirt, which I gladly did. I was smiling contentedly and sighing in pleasure. I told Gayle how much I was enjoying what she was doing. She smiled back and told me she would be doing a lot more than that. As I removed her skirt I kissed her legs, as close to her crotch as I could reach. I told her I would be kissing her a whole lot more than that, and in a lot more places when it was my turn

Wearing only her panties she straddled me, squeezed her breasts together and began to massage me with her nipples in the same places where she had been kissing me. This included rubbing her big, sensitive nipples against my small, less sensitive ones. This time, when she reached my undershorts, she removed them and my cock, which had been rigid for some time, sprang loose. Gayle smiled at it, took it gently in her hand, kissed the tip and licked the hole at the end. I sighed with pleasure and told Gayle how much I was enjoying her attentions. It was not really necessary to say that because she could already tell from the rigidity of my cock.

"Turn over", she said, so I did. Gayle straddled my back and started massaging my shoulders with her talented hands. She worked her way down to my ass then went over the same areas with her even more talented breasts. I was really enjoying the sensation of her nipples rubbing all over me and I told her so. "Spread your legs" she told me and, after I did, Gayle put her thumbs inside my asscheeks, to either side of my hole, and massaged this very private area. Again, her hand massage was followed by a nipple massage. By this time, her nipples were fully erect and she pressed them firmly into my asscheeks. It seemed impossible but I believe my cock got even harder when she did this to me. Then she told me to turn over again.

As I lay on my back, my cock stuck up like a flagpole. except that it was throbbing. Gayle smiled, held it gently in her hands, kissed it again, licked the hole again and knelt beside me. She told me to remove her panties and I was very glad to turn sideways, hook my fingers into the waistband and pull them down to her knees. The sight of her beautiful pussy with the soft brown pubic hair made me even more aroused, if such a thing could be possible. Gayle leaned over me and I kissed both of her thighs. I could tell she was almost as aroused as I because of the flush on her chest, her wet panties and the smell and sight of the pussy juices flowing down her legs. The taste of the juices too, because I licked up what I could while I was kissing her thighs. Next, she stood up and stepped out of her panties and we were equally naked. Then she got back on the bed, straddling my legs, and took my cock in her hands, rubbing the tip against her lovely clit. The tip of my cock slipped into her sopping wet pussy and she stayed in that position for a long minute.

Lubricating juices were running down my cock from Gayle's pussy and soaking into my trimmed pubic hair. Slowly, she lowered herself onto me and my cock slipped easily the rest of the way into her pussy. I was not wearing a condom but that was all right because I knew that this was just foreplay. Gayle likes to tease. A few quick strokes and I could have ejaculated but I refrained from doing this, knowing the much greater pleasures in store for both of us if I waited. For about three minutes she stayed like that, unmoving except for a few twitches. Even the twitches caused my cock to throb more. My pubic hair was soaked from all the pussy juices, and I regretted the loss of what I knew to be a delicious treat.

Gayle knew it too. She lifted herself off me and her pussy pulled free of my cock with a slurping sound. More pussy juices bathed my cock and dripped down to cover my pubic area and drip down my crotch. Gayle bent over my cock, held onto the base of it with her thumb and forefinger and started licking her juices off me. Like a child licking a Popsicle, she licked the shaft, the head and under the ridge, until she had swallowed all her juices, then she backed off, knelt between my legs and started licking my crotch and balls. One testicle at a time went into her eager mouth to be caressed by her tongue and lips. The next place on her agenda was the underside of my shaft and she ran her tongue in a broad stroke all the way to the tip. She surrounded the head of my cock with her lips, and then slowly moved her head down, engulfing me in her mouth. While my shaft entered her mouth, she caressed it lovingly with her tongue, until her lips reached the pubic hair that she had soaked earlier. Then she backed off slowly and every fraction of an inch she applied suction with her lips, until only the tip of my cock was in her mouth.

Gayle removed the tip of my cock from her mouth and smiled at me. Than she kissed it, licked the head, and started to engulf it in her mouth again. Slowly, my cock disappeared to be fondled by her talented tongue. Once again she continued to take me into her mouth until her lips were pressed against my pubic hair but this time she stayed there for a minute while her tongue caressed my shaft inside her mouth. When she backed off from my cock this time, she applied the same kind of suction with her lips. Gayle knew I had been close to cumming several times already and she did want me to cum, but not until she had spent a lot more time pleasuring both of us with her mouth. She drew my cock in again and backed off slowly, then repeated the same stroke over and over. With a slow, simple stroke like this, I could delay cumming for a long time.

I lay back moaning in pleasure while I watched Gayle's head bobbing up and down on my shaft. I moaned because it felt so good and I know how much she likes me to enjoy her attentions. At the end of one stroke she stopped, took my cock out of her mouth and said "I really like sucking you off. I hope you can hold off cumming for a while." Then she resumed taking my rod all the way into her mouth and out again. I told Gayle how good her mouth felt on my cock and how good she was at giving head but she had not really invited conversation. Gayle doesn't talk with her mouth full.

And her mouth remained full for a long time. Some of her strokes were straight in and out. Sometimes her tongue caressed my cock on both the in stroke and the outstroke. Sometimes, on the outstroke her lips applied intermittent suction on my shaft. Whatever technique she used, Gayle sucked my cock all the way into her mouth and she sucked it slowly, to make it last. Slow or not, however, I could not hold off forever. I had felt my climax building for a while and when it got close, I told Gayle, "I'm going to cum". She nodded her head briefly and sped up the strokes of her mouth. Her tongue got even busier on my shaft and she applied the intermittent suction on every outstroke. "I'm cumming", I told her, and seconds later I ejaculated into her mouth. At my last announcement, Gayle had stopped and squeezed the middle of my cock with her lips so I would cum onto her tongue and she would get the full taste of it. After I had finished ejaculating, Gayle continued to suck my cock with her lips to squeeze out every drop. She took my softening cock out of her mouth and licked the tip and all around the head. Gayle likes it when I cum into her mouth; she likes to swallow it and doesn't want to waste any of it.

After swallowing everything she could, Gayle moved up on the bed to lie beside me. We hugged and kissed, with our tongues intertwining again. I may have caught the faintest taste of my cum but I wasn't bothered by it. Leaning over Gayle, I kissed her hard on the mouth and softer on the eyes and throat. As I said, she has a very lovely, kissable face and I could have stayed there, but she has other, even more kissable and lickable places. I kissed my way down her throat to one of these places and gently began to massage it - one of her luscious mammaries. I licked the large, erect nipple and it felt even better to my tongue than it had felt on my back or chest. The mate to the first one was just as enticing so I fondled it and licked its nipple also. With one beautiful globe in either hand, I alternated licking their lovely nipples. Gayle murmured her appreciation, and I continued to make love to her gorgeous glands. I clamped my lips onto one of them and sucked gently while flicking the nipple with my tongue. Then it was the other one's turn. I sucked the delectable globe and licked the areola, pleasuring both of us with my tongue and her succulent mounds. Both of these beauties got equal treatment for a long while until I started licking my way down Gayle's belly.

When I reached Gayle's soft, brown pubic hair, I switched positions to kneel between her spread legs. I placed a pillow under her ass, arranged my shoulders on the undersides of her thighs and gazed on the sweet, wet pussy that was ready for my oral pleasure. The first thing I did was to lick all the delicious juices from her pussy. The well-trimmed pubic hair was soaked, and the fragrance of that hair added almost as much pleasure as the taste of the juices that were available. I was especially sure to lick everything from Gayle's adorable love hole because that was where the juices were the freshest and most delicious and because I so much enjoy the taste and feel of that delightful place on my tongue. The first time I ate her pussy, Gayle wanted me to stick my finger in it. This caused me to take affront. I have eaten pussies thousands of times, and the women have always cum, every time with no exceptions, sometimes explosively, sometimes multiple times, but always to our mutual satisfaction, and I have never had to digitally stimulate their pussies. This request I considered to be an insult to my abilities. I did not put my finger in her pussy while I ate it, and I brought Gayle to two howling, limb-thrashing, blanket-clutching climaxes, and she never again asked me to stick my finger in her.

I wanted to spend a lot of time eating Gayle's pussy: first because I truly love eating her and the longer I eat her, the more I love it; second because she had sucked me off so well and I felt I owed it to her and third, even with Viagra, it would take a while for my cock to get hard enough for the fucking that would follow. Gayle was already moaning in pleasure and she was highly aroused, partly from her extended massaging of me and sucking my cock and partly from my oral attentions to her. After I had eaten all her delectable juices, my tongue started to probe between an inner and an outer pussy lip. I moved slowly in this sensitive spot because Gayle was moaning more loudly in pleasure and her pussy was already humping into my face. Knowing how much she enjoys cumming and how much I enjoy having her cum, I decided to bring Gayle to two climaxes, one fast and the second slowly. My lips clamped down around her clit and my tongue started probing and flicking and caressing that adorable love button. After a minute of this her pussy was thrusting even more strongly against my face. After five minutes of this, her moans turned to howling "Oh, God, oh God, I'm cumming". Telling me this was unnecessary because her back was arched so that her ass was off the bed, her thighs were clamped around my temples and her hands were on the back of my head, jamming my face tightly into her pussy. As she continued cumming, her ass bounced up and down on the bed while she thrust her pussy into my face and she was howling incoherently. My lips remained clamped around her clit and my tongue continued its tender, loving caressing. As Gayle climaxed, her arms slammed down on the bed beside her and her legs oscillated from side to side with my head still held tightly. When she was done, her arms lay straight out at her sides, her legs were draped over my shoulders and her cum juices were running out of her pussy. To avoid wasting any more of this nectar than I could help, I moved quickly and licked it out of her beautiful love hole.

After feasting on her nectar I started nibbling, using my lips only, on one of the outer labia. I started below her love hole and nibbled my way up this pussy lip, licking a small area and then nibbling it with my lips, past her clit and avoiding contact with that sweet button. Then I treated the other outer lip to the same licks and nibbley butterfly kisses, using only my lips. The outer labia tend to be less sensitive than other parts of the pussy but I like to lick and suck everything, and Gayle was already expressing her pleasure. Next I probed the seam between the first outer lip and the inner lip. I thoroughly licked and sucked on this much more sensitive area, and when I stopped, just short of the beautiful love button, Gayle was already moaning and her pussy was slowly humping into my face. She was lubricating heavily so I licked the fresh juices out of her love hole, lingering to enjoy the taste and texture of that delightful place. Then my tongue got busy on the other seam, again licking and sucking my way to her adorable clit. This time, when I reached that sweet love button my tongue gently caressed it, but not hard enough to start Gayle cumming. Her thigh muscles flexed and her legs rotated slightly out so her pussy was completely presented to my mouth. The humping became even stronger and a fresh burst of juice lubricated her love hole. I eagerly consumed this tasty treat.

Gayle was moaning even louder, even panting, as I continued to thoroughly probe her inner pussy lips with my tongue. Besides her pussy humping into my face, her ass was swiveling on the bed, causing her legs to alternately thrust beside my face, much like two pistons. "I'm ready to cum", Gayle moaned. "Lick my clit." First I licked up all the fresh pussy juices that had been secreted by her love hole. Then I reconnoitered her engorged clit, licking it gently all around before clamping my mouth tightly on the sweetest of all sweet spots. I sucked on it strongly, like I had sucked on her lovely titties earlier, and my tongue strongly probed all around. After a few minutes of this, Gayle started cumming. This time she didn't tell me but I really didn't need to hear it. Her arms alternated between flailing the bed and jamming my face into her pussy. Her legs were locked around my head, which was good because I was able to keep my mouth on her clit, and to continue the sucking and licking as Gayle continued cumming. "Ahhhhhhh", she howled. When she climaxed, it was with a great spasm and her ass lifted completely off the bed. Again, her legs, still imprisoning my head, oscillated until she was finished, and lay on her back in exhaustion, her arms out at her side, both hands clutching the blanket. One leg lay flat on the bed and the other was still hooked around my neck. I devoured her delicious fresh cum juices and moved up on the bed to cuddle with her.

Sexual etiquette dictates that I should wipe off my face before kissing my partner but I knew Gayle likes the taste of her own pussy juices, almost as much as she liked my cum so I let them stay on my face. Sure enough, after resting for a few minutes, she turned to me and licked around my mouth and chin before kissing my lips. Then Gayle grinned lewdly and said "Let's fuck". I got up and took a condom off the headboard. The Viagra had taken effect while I was eating her pussy and my cock was hard and ready.

After I put on my condom, I lay on my back and Gayle straddled me. On our first encounter she wanted to fuck doggie style. Since I consider doggie to be a good position only under certain circumstances, none of which existed at that time and place, I asked her why. Gayle wanted to be able to play with her clit in order to cum. This was an affront to me because I have fucked women thousands of times, and everyone of them has cum, and none of them has ever had to play with her own clit, although sometimes I have played with it. I described the advantages of the cowgirl position and we tried it. After cumming thunderously, she conceded that the cowgirl position did have its advantages, and we have used it ever since.

She rubbed the tip of my cock against her clit, then rose up and inserted the head into her sopping wet pussy. Gayle enjoys making love with me that she lubricates just thinking about it. She stayed that way for a few seconds, then slowly sank down, impaling herself on my rod, until her pubic hair mingled with mine. Then Gayle rose up again, until the just the head was still in, then back down again, slowly. Some of the advantages of the cowgirl position are that she is able to control the depth of the penetration and the speed of the strokes. She was also able to control the angle of the strokes and she started swinging her hips back and then forward so the base of my cock massaged the underside of her clit, and her pussy massaged my cock. Gayle and I were both moaning in pleasure from the stimulation. Being in no hurry for either of us to finish, and wanting my cock to caress all of her love hole, Gayle started rocking sideways. Then she started bouncing up and down, always making sure my cock was rubbing mainly on the upper part of her love hole, to give maximum stimulation to her clit. Gayle was sighing and moaning and panting and describing how great my cock felt in her pussy. She seemed on the verge of cumming, while I was still a long way from it so I suggested she go for two orgasms. She happily agreed because she really likes cumming, and she knows how much I like it when she cums several times.
