 Flip

And her red hair cascaded down around her shoulders. I had her try the process again after the patch was applied.

Success. She smiled her stressed out smile, that end of the month accounting group overworked, I’ve got to close the books smile she uses. 

“Good to go?”

“Yep, I’ll be able to get my reports done now.”

“Excellent, let me know if you have any other issues.”

“OK”

That has been out relationship. I’m the computer geek, she’s the head bean counter. I make sure the trains run on time, she counts the cars as they go through the station. She calls me when she needs something fixed on or in her computer. I go to her to justify why I need to spend hoards of capital on new toys, er, equipment.

I wander back to my office, pit that it is papers everywhere, equipment laying about, it a wonder I can get anything done at times. But it’s home, they leave me alone and I can get my work done.

The monitoring software seems to be functioning properly. I can see the network - BEEP

(now what)

“Hello”

“Again, I just patched it, OK hang on I’ll be right over”

(Damned Microsquish, wish they’d write good code)

Back over to accounting, I’m not supposed to be this busy on a Sunday for cripes sake. Suzanne is on the phone. She motions me in and in front of her machine. It all seemed correct. She hangs up the phone.

“look and this.”

“what?”

“This crap in my mail”

“it’s porno-spam just get rid of it”

“No look at it.”

I look. 

Typical cheap sleazy HTML porno-spam. You can filter until hell freezes over and you still end up with this crap.

“OK, I’ve violated company policy by looking at this, what is the point?”

“The point is it’s trash”

( I’m not getting it..)

“ It’s not interesting, it doesn’t make me want to click on the button”

(huh? she called me over to discuss this?)

“So just delete it.....”

“What I’m saying is any woman with half a brain could do better than this”

( I think she's been at the numbers too long.....)

“and your point...”

She bends over her desk, her gaze fixed on me”, It’s not sexy!”

“I agree it’s not” 

I’ve not been this close to her before. Nice perfume. Don’t dare look down. Thought about it oh shit too late. DOH!

The sight line was excellent right down the blouse through the bra and through her cleavage. Nice view.

uh oh, busted. 

“You like what you see?”

“It’s an interesting vantage point.”, I figure now I’m either toast or it could get interesting. 

“Can’t really judge, but I ‘m intrigued.”

She stood up straight, cocked her hip to the right, placed her hands on her hips and smirked at me. 

“Well if you’re not interested”

“Hey now, I said I was intrigued but could not judge”

She smiled and slowly began unbuttoning her blouse, revealing a silky smooth white bra with a front clasp. Her tummy was firm and smooth. One would never know seeing her every day in her shapeless ill tailored clothing. But then maybe she’s compensating for be a woman in a tough job. 

She’s resting her hand on the clasp of her slacks.

“Should I continue?”

“Don’t let me stop you, you’re doing just fine.” I glad her desk is between me and her, as my cock is beginning to poke out of the bottom of my shorts. Should’ve worn underwear.

Unclasping her slacks, she slides the zipper down the side if her hip and steps out of them as they fall to the floor. I am completely numb. Here I am on a Sunday morning, wanting to get some work done, sitting in the CFO’s office with the door closed watching her do a strip tease for me. The woman who is so square during work hours it’s scary...

Shit - this is scary. 

“So?” She turns a slow spin. 

Thong underwear, jeez what next.

“I’m impressed, you have a very desirable body.”

“How desirable?” “Show me.”

“lose the rest of your clothes and sit down on this side of the desk, and I’ll show you”

Her eyes widen - not expecting this or she’s ...?

She reaches up to her bra and unclasps it while turning around, her back to me she drops it to the floor. She unclasps her panties and they too drop slowly to the floor. She bends over and picks up her things and folds them neatly and places them on the table. She turns towards me to reveal quite possibly the most perfect set of tits this viewer has ever seen. Round, pale, smooth and firm. The rare breast, full natural and self supporting, she has nurtured these well. Her nipples are erect and about the size of a old style Ike silver dollar, they look so dark and suckable. A contrast to her creamy skin. My eyes slowly traverse her body taking it all in soft curves on her hips, and a full bush, rare these days. I’ve got a raging hard on now. Glad now that I didn’t wear underwear. would have been most uncomfortable.

“Come here and sit on your blotter.” 

There's that smirk again. She accepts and came around behind the desk and sat down on the blotter.

“That's right, now open you legs, lean back and let me show you how much I appreciate your show.”

Her thighs are taut and smooth, responding to my warm breath and tongue by becoming all goose bumpy. I start at her left knee and slowly and gently begin nibbling her soft flesh. The combination of tongue and teeth, makes her gasp and writhe slightly. My hands reach behind her and cup her firm ass, I don’t want her to wiggle away. As I move in closer to her divine triangle, she opens her legs slightly wider, and I begin to smell her sex, her musk. I reach up to cup one of her breasts and she guides my hand to it. 

Oh man a perfect fit, in my hand, cupping it from the under side, my hand finds a home. My thumb and index finger tweak her nipple slightly and I hear her squeak.

“Weeeek!”

I stop - “No please touch it some more, I want you to play with it, be aggressive!”

She likes it rough, ok I can do that... Rolling her nipple around in my fingers, she seems to melt slightly in my grasp. Pulling on it she pulls back and we play an intimate game of tug-o-war.

I have reached my objective and lick my lips, then hers...

“Weeeek!”

A very odd noise. He lips are full and dark pink engorged with desire. I lick her from blotter to clitoris and back. She tastes of desire and a faint tang of salt. My tongue, darted inside of her, and she bucked her hips into my face. I slithered up to her clit and suck it softly. 

“WEEEEK!”

She ground her clit into my face as if daring me to make her cum. 

“OoooOooOOOooh WEEEEEK!” She shuddered arched her back into my face, knocking her knick knacks, papers and pens everywhere. Damn violent orgasms are wild to watch, and fun to cause...

She rested on her back legs spread for a few moments.

“Thank you” she says weakly. She sits up and looks down at the bulge in my shorts.

“Oh I see you have a problem down there”. She reaches down to caress my member through my shorts

“Yes it’s a bit confining”

“Let me help you with that.” She slid down from the desk and unbuckled my belt.

“Stand up”

I complied, she then undid my shorts and dropped them to the floor. revealing my hardness to her. 

“I’ve not seen one like this before”

“Never had an uncut pecker?”

“Nope”

“Well enjoy”

With that she sat me down and took me in her mouth. I leaned back and closed my eyes, letting her work her mouth around my dick and balls. She played with my foreskin in her lips sliding her tongue under and over and around.

“you’ve done this before.....” I moaned. 

She had to have, it felt like she could suck the chrome off of a trailer hitch.

“I don’t knowb bwhat you bmean” she said, not missed a beat.

She’s master at this, brining me to the edge and holding me there, allowing me to build and build, but never quite release. 

And then she stops. 

My dick is wet with her spit and I feel a draft from the air conditioner. She turns around and bends over the desk.

“Take me”

Oh man I can’t believe this. The CFO is a sex goddess and I’ve been selected. Me the network geek. The computer guy.

“How do you want it?”

“Hard”

She’s gripped the edge of the desk with both hands. knuckles whitening.

I stand up behind her and take aim at her with my cock. I tease her pussy with the tip. she pressed back towards me and I withdrew slightly.

“mmmmm Please do me...” she whispered intently.

I press the tip against he ass. 

“Not there...”

“Why not?” I reply

“I ‘ve never done that” 

“You might like it”

“Slowly then”

I press up against her ass again and begin to penetrate her. 

“WeeEEEEEK!”

There's that sound again. Her ass was tight and it took some work to get all the way in , but once in she began to writhe and squirm with pleasure. I slowly slid in and out and she responded in turn. After a bit I pulled out of her ass and plunged into her pussy. 

“WeeeeeeeEEK!

Taking her from behind was an adventure, she was bucking and squirming and moving around and finally I rolled onto the desk and pined her down hard. And gave it to her hard and deep. I sent her over the top again only this time I went over with her. 

“OoooOOOooOOOoOHHH WEEEEEEEEEKKKK”

It felt like I had blown the end of my peter off I came so hard. We lay there tangled up in each other for what seemed like a very long time. Put of the corner of my eye I noticed motion on the video monitor. 

“Uh oh trouble”

“What?”

“Looks like we have guests”

“Oh - uh right”, she glances at the clock, “Some of the accounting group is coming in to do some work”

“We’d better get it together!”

I threw on my shorts vault her desk and toss her underthings to her. She has them on in a flash. Her slacks and blouse are on a second or two later and I beat a hasty retreat to computer room.

Shit, I just laid the CFO!

Composure - my thing is composure. I cross the hall to my office and sit down at my desk and clear my mind. I look at my e-mail and see a new message. 

from Suzanne:

Subject: Scheduling

Next Sunday morning?

S

Reply:

from: Guy

Subject : re:Scheduling

yes

G

Now if I can just get through the week with out giving it away......

Yikes