 "It's just frozen...I don't know what's wrong with it." she whined into her cell, nervously twirling her bed tangled hair. "I have a paper due this afternoon, so can you send someone right away?...An hour? That's fine I guess...Ok, thanks...bye." 

Andrea tossed her silver slider carelessly onto her freshly slept-in sheets and released a heavy sigh of frustration. "That's what I get for procrastinating." she muttered to herself, fighting the urge to grab her monitor and hurl it out of the open window. 

She hated herself for getting into these kinds of situations. It had been two months since she broke up with Scott and it seemed like she could never get anything done on time. Her biggest problem was that she was always in bed... sleeping. Not exactly her favorite bedroom pastime, but in recent days it was all she could do to keep herself sane. Scott was, after all...Scott. He was incredibly popular, a football star and not to mention had the chiseled physique of a Greek god. The sight of her unmade bed instantly sent her into nostalgic bliss. Fucking him was always hot. His body...the smell of his cologne deodorant spray mixed with his sweat...and hers. He didn't always get her off, but that wasn't important. What was important was that he was with her and not her 500 insanely jealous female classmates. And that was enough in her book, until the day she discovered those red crotch-less panties under his mattress.

Yet, even in light of her ex's obvious physical charms, Andrea could not complain about herself. As she walked toward her full-mirrored closet in the hope of finding a quick ensemble, she took a moment to admire her own stunning body. She was still donning her usual bedtime attire: a plain black pair of cotton bikini panties. She always loved the feel of her cool satin sheets against her bare skin, velvety and flawless. And even though she was never considered gorgeous, she had cute, delicate facial features, toned athletic legs and fantastic curves. She turned her body slightly to get a better view of her backside, flipping her long black hair over her shoulder. It was true she had a bottom you could set a serving tray on. It was extremely sexist, but she couldn't help but smile remembering that her male classmates had secretly voted hers the sweetest ass on campus. It was lucky for her, and her bruised ego, that they were so terrible at keeping their locker-room discussions under wraps. 

A timid knocking at the door suddenly sucked her out of her daydreaming. 

"Shit, has it been an hour already?" She glanced at the clock. Thirty-five minutes had passed. "Typical nerd, he's early." 

Andrea realized she was still naked. She frantically scanned the room for an oversized t-shirt to throw on. Her eyes landed upon Scott's old high school jersey that he had lent her. She had always loved the smell of him on it. She was reluctant, but the knock came again more forcefully as if to say "I don't have all day, lady!" and she decided it would have to do. She couldn't very well answer the door in the nude. 

"Just a second!" she called as she scurried down the hallway to the living room, clumsily pulling the jersey over her nakedness. 

She pulled the door open a couple inches in exasperation. There stood her computer repairman in the dark of the poorly lit hallway, looking almost exactly as she would have imagined. He was skinny, tall, wore impossibly thick glasses,and a black polo shirt that donned the Geek Troop logo. 

"You had a problem with your computer, Ma'am?" he bellowed. 

Andrea jumped. The assertiveness and deepness of his voice surprised her. She had, naturally, expected something more nasally. 

"Uh...yes. Come in. It's back in the 

bedroom." she answered, swinging the door much wider. 

The natural light of her apartment allowed her a more accurate view of the man who had come to her technological rescue. Andrea saw that the thick- rimmed-glasses hid pair of strikingly clear green eyes. He had a cute cleft in his chin that she couldn't help but find intriguing. 

"I'm Gene." he stated with social ease, despite the fact that he usually received some awkward smirks at introductions. He held out his hand. 

"Andrea." she answered, offering her hand in return. 

His handshake was confident too. Her body jolted at the power of it. 

"Thanks for coming so quickly. Just follow me...it's this way."

He's actually cute. Maybe we could get him some contacts? Andrea couldn't believe her own thoughts. This guy was definitely not her type, but then again, maybe her type sucked. She could bang a nerd. Why not? As they reached her bedroom, Andrea felt a tiny tinge of embarrassment at how messy it was. She quickly tossed a few strewn items from the bed into her half-open closet and straightened up the bedclothes, all the while unaware that she was bending over and revealing the underside of her supple bottom, blessing Gene with an unsolicited yet welcomed exhibition. 

Of all the house calls he had made in this new job, this was definitely his favorite so far. Andrea abandoned her frenzied clean up and turned to face him again. She had an attractive face, but Gene's eyes were mostly pleased to discover the contour of her erect nipples protruding from beneath the thinness of her shirt. He could just barely distinguish their deep mocha color and the stark contrast with her cream colored skin was breathtaking. 

"So what's it doing?" he asked, turning his attention to the computer, trying desperately to ignore the persistent mental image of his mouth on her tits. 

"I was doing some research online and it just froze on me. I tried shutting it down but it just won't respond." she whimpered. 

"Ok. Just give me a few minutes to take a look." 

"Sure." she answered, feeling increasingly uneasy in his presence. "I'll just take a shower real quick. Is that okay or will you need me?" 

He did need her, but not in the way she was thinking. The helplessness in her voice had made him instantly hard. He didn't dare act on it though. Imagine explaining that customer complaint. 

"No no, go ahead...take your time." he answered, flashing a friendly smile as he attempted to ignore the insistent pulsing of his cock. 

"Okay." she chirped "Thanks again. Just let me know if you need anything." She offered him an appreciative smile and turned toward the bathroom. He watched as she entered and closed the door, fighting the impulse to follow. 

Andrea was incredulous of how fast her heart was racing. She leaned against the door and crouched down trying to catch her breath. Had it really been that long? Her hands began to search her body as if possessed. They explored her neck, then her breasts, her thighs... all boiling with scorching intensity, and finally arrived at the foundation of her yearning. She couldn't help but gasp out loud when she realized how wet she was. She hurriedly slipped out of her soaked panties and sprawled herself out onto her shaggy pink bath rug. Her right hand quickly found its way to her already dripping pussy and she sighed softly as she began stroking her clit in slow gentle circles. The sensation sent shockwaves through her body as her other hand slipped beneath her shirt to caress the peaks of her breasts. Her stroke became firmer and more intense with each passing second and she realized that she needed something inside of her. Trailing her fingers down between her swollen lips, she thrust two of them into her pussy, relishing the feeling of fullness they granted her. She wondered if Gene's cock could give her the same fulfillment as she arched her back and rocked her hips against her penetrating fingers. She was close now...and she unconsciously let out a loud moan in her erotic delirium. 

"Are you okay in there?" she heard from behind the door. She was frustrated by the interruption. 

"Yes, I'm fine...did you need something?" she called back. 

She put her hand over her heart, now threatening to explode through her chest. She hoped that she had not been too loud. 

"I just wanted to tell you that it looks like your PC is overheating. I'll need to replace the fan." 

How long have I been in here? Andrea lay silent and still except for the heaving of her chest. Her body still longed for release. She needed dick. She needed it now. Gene's would have to do. She stood shakily using the tub for support and peeled the jersey from her body. The door squeaked as she opened it slowly. Gene's expression was catatonic when he saw her standing there, naked and wanting. 

"Do you like what you see?" she purred at him seductively. 

Gene, mouth agape, could only nod awkwardly in approval. 

"Did you say my PC is too hot?" she teased as she slowly strode toward him. He nodded again. "And you think you can cool it off?" 

"Yes Ma'am." he whispered, finally forcing his jaw to move again. 

His hands had found her breasts now, and he fondled them softly but with expert precision. Andrea sighed in satisfaction. It seemed like ages since someone had touched her so deliberately. His hands traced the curve of her body firmly, as if trying to memorize every inch, then finally around to her ass and he forcefully pulled her body up against his. It almost frightened her, but he kissed her passionately to demonstrate his affection. She felt something hot and hard pressing against her softness and she amusingly prayed it wasn't his screwdriver. His mouth threatened to devour every inch of her lips and neck and Andrea enthusiastically reached down into his pants to show her appreciation. She almost gasped aloud when she felt what he had to offer. No, definitely not a screwdriver, she silently mused. I guess I've been missing out. She marveled at the feel of his cock's impressive length and thickness and couldn't stop herself from crying out excitedly, knowing she would soon have it inside of her. 

"Is that what you want, baby?" he breathed lustily into her ear. 

Seizing his shirt in response, she led him back toward the computer desk. He quickly deciphered her thoughts and eagerly lifted her onto its surface, not before sweeping aside the hardware he had carefully placed there only minutes before. Andrea slid her bottom to the edge and leaned back with her legs open ready to receive him. 

"Take off your pants." she ordered. 

Andrea could hardly believe her own ears. She always imagined herself being more direct and wished that she could have been this way with Scott. He had always complained that she was too shy in the sack. She wondered what he would say now if he saw her...on top of her desk, legs wide open like a whore. Her boldness made Gene a bit nervous but it was exciting too. He admired the unobstructed view of her crotch as he toyed with the button and fly on his khakis. She was perfect...he couldn't believe he was about to fuck her. He hadn't had many women, but he knew he had something special. She wouldn't be disappointed. His pants finally dropped revealing a bulge that threatened to pierce right through his skin-tight boxer briefs. Andrea could barely contain her longing for his dick but the anticipation was just as, if not more, enjoyable. 

"Taste me." she commanded. 

Gene dropped to his knees to level himself with her exposed cunt. He teased her first by nibbling on her inner thigh and Andrea's legs trembled with pleasure in response. He then moved toward her center, taking in her lusty feminine scent as he began tracing her outer lips with his tongue. She squealed with pleasure and swayed her pelvis up and down as he flicked his tongue across her slit, making sure every now and then to give some attention to her engorged clitoris. He slid a finger into her delectably moist pussy. It was already tight, but she was silently pleading for more with her movements and he slipped two more in to comply. 

"Mmmmmm...more." she insisted. 

He fumbled around on the floor for the extra set of power cables he kept in his bag. He wondered if she might object, but he wanted to see how much she could handle. They were wrapped tightly and their phallus-like shape glided into her smoothly and gave her much more width than his fingers could. He watched, his cock growing jealous, as the cables slowly stretched her opening and disappeared half the way inside her. What better way to combine two of his favorite things? 

She widened her eyes at him in apprehension at first, but relented. Her need for penetration was too strong now. She was pleasantly surprised at how good being fucked by wires felt. The bumpy, ribbed texture was wildly unfamiliar. He moved it slowly, gently at first and then sped up, thrusting the cables deeper and deeper into her taut opening, still working his oral magic on her clit. His free hand journeyed up her body to grasp the length of her rigid nipple between his thumb and forefinger. He tugged the pliant skin firmly but gently until it snapped back, causing her to buck and moan in delicious agony. He repeated the action several times until she pushed his hand away, finally unable to endure the intense sensation. No one had ever thrilled or tortured her like this before...fine-tuning each of her erogenous zones like the components of a complex machine. 

Andrea was on the verge of explosion, but she wanted Gene's cock pounding her when she finally surrendered. 

"Stop. I want you to fuck me now." she whispered lowering herself from the desk, while Gene mouthed her pussy as if it were the first food he had seen in days. 

The PC tower lay on its side in front of the desk where Gene had been examining it, and Andrea climbed on top of it to give herself some height. Bending over with her ass in the air, she turned her head over her shoulder to meet his face. 

"Give me your cock now, Gene." She said it with the wickedest sideways glance she could muster. 

She was nearly out of breath already, desperate for him to enter her. Gene answered her request promptly, positioning himself behind her as he forced his briefs down to mid-thigh. Andrea felt his cock smack against her ass as it leapt forward from its confinement and she spread her knees further apart out of reflex. She was actually in pain now from the swelling in her sex. The next moment she felt the smooth head of his dick sliding up and down her slit and ass, teasing her cruelly. 

"Oh God... please fuck me." she whispered. 

Deciding he had tortured her and himself long enough, he obeyed and drove his magnificent cock into her full depth. They both yelled out together in sheer satisfaction. He plunged into her rapidly, over and over again, savoring the feel of her tight wet pussy clenched around his hardness, and the little shake of her ass as he pounded his pelvis against it. He could feel the pressure already rising inside of him, threatening to relieve him of every drop of cum he contained. It would be difficult to delay his gratification much longer. He reached his hand around her waist to find her pleasure center and she lifted her back upward to meet with his chest, making all of her more accessible. He reached around and cupped one of her sex-flushed breasts while he massaged her clit earnestly with his free hand. 

He could now reach her ear with his mouth and he took the opportunity to share his thoughts. "Your pussy is so fucking hot...I want to cum in it so bad." he whispered as he continued to pump her sweltering gap ravenously, causing their bodies to rock violently in an animalistic, carnal dance. 

Andrea's mind was gone now. The universe existed only at the apex of her legs. All she could see, hear, smell and feel was Gene's huge dick stabbing... prodding... assaulting her body from behind with every thrust. Every nerve ending was charged and ready to burst. She felt her impending climax climb slowly up, just enough to peer over the brink. This was the part she loved to play with. She usually had no problem avoiding this point of no return, delaying it until she was ready to fully surrender. But now she knew that she couldn't hold on much longer. 

Gene, too, was struggling to keep himself from erupting. Though he would have liked to keep fucking her forever, nature would not allow it. He needed to fill her now. He stroked the mound of her pussy with determined force, almost lifting her entire body as he did. Andrea responded with a high-pitched shriek but it was his hot breath in her ear that finally sent her screaming over the edge.

"Oh Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!!!" The sweet sound of Andrea's euphoria was too much for him and his cock responded instantly, sending pulsing waves of electricity over his entire body as he emptied into her. They both fell forward to the floor, still connected and panting profusely. 

"So, should I do my job now?" Gene asked, his mouth still pressed against Andrea's cheek.

"Oh, trust me...you already did." she replied, giggling in her state of post-climatic elation. "Feel free to tell your supervisor that you can count on many referrals from me." 



I would like to sincerely thank volunteer editor Magikheart for  assistance on the final touches of this story.