 I was working at a pizza place at the time. I was the delivery girl and I knew all the shortcuts around the town. I had a motor scooter and would put the orders in a canister strapped to the back of the scooter. With a scooter I could get to places faster than anyone with a car, cutting through parks and down laneways where a car had to travel the long way round.

I got enough pay from the pizza shop to cover my petrol costs and make some money. On top of that were the tips. A pretty girl delivering your pizza with a smile and a bit of cleavage made for some great tips. I did OK for what was basically a part time job.

Friday, Saturday, and Sunday the pizza place stayed open late. Other nights they tended to shut down around nine or ten o'clock, depending on what the custom was like. One Thursday the place was dead. The boss was getting ready to close down when we got one last order for some pizzas and some drinks. The boss told me to deliver them and head on home. I could give him the money for the order when I came in the next day.

I took the delivery and headed on out, eventually winding up at them customer's place. Quite a nice place, too. A lot better than my dingy flat. I leaned on the buzzer and after a few moments the door was answered.

"Pizza," I said with a smile. 

The customer was not a bad looking guy. He was big and brawny with blonde hair and a big smile. He looked me over and winked at me as though to say not bad. I just continued smiling. I know I'm quite pretty and a lot of my male customers give me the once over and a nice tip.

I told him how much and he produced a fifty and told me to keep the change. Why, thank you, sir, I'll be delighted to. Especially as his order was only around thirty.

"Thank you, sir," I said, my smile bigger and brighter than ever.

"So, very busy tonight?" he asked.

"Not really," I told him. "It's been dead. As a matter of fact you're my last customer for the night. I'm off home now."

At that point another man appeared next to the guy who answered the door, taking the pizzas off him, leaving him with the drinks. The new guy was even bigger than the first. The really noticeable difference between them was their faces. The first guy, while not handsome, could be called good looking. Better than average, you might say. The second man had a face that looked as though it had had an encounter with a brick wall moving at high speed. 

You know how some people are described as pleasantly ugly? Well, that was this guy, minus the pleasantly. He was smiling, revealing that he had excellent teeth, but the rest of his face said run, he'll use those teeth to bite your arm off. Stretch out the hand of friendship to him and you'll draw back a mucky stump. I mean, that guy was scary.

"Thanks, kid," he said to me. "Did you give her a decent tip?" he wanted to know.

The first guy's "Yes, I gave her a tip," crossed with my, "Yes, sir," and Kong grinned. That made him look even scarier.

"Gotta watch Joe," he advised me. "Tight fisted bastard, unlike me. I'm Mr Generosity."

"Especially when he's using someone else's money," Joe sniped and Kong just laughed.

"Hey, Rand, the girl's just finished for the day. She's on her way home and we're delaying her."

"Really?" said Rand. "Now that gives me an idea. Are you in any great rush to get home?"

"Ah, why?" I asked cautiously.

"If you're not in a great hurry it occurs to me you might like to come in and share the pizza with us and then get naked for some more intimate entertainment. Alternatively, you might like to come in, get naked, share the pizza while naked, and then move on to the more intimate entertainment. I'm a generous tipper, remember."

He winked at me and I just stood there stunned. I've been propositioned by customers before but never quite this bluntly. I didn't know what to say.

"Rand!" exclaimed Joe. "Geez, you embarrass me. You can't go propositioning a girl that way."

"Ah, yes, I can. I just did. It may be a bit more direct than your circumlocutions but it gets the message across just fine."

"But you make it sound so sordid and unappealing. Try a little finesse when you proposition someone."

"A little finesse? Last time I heard you pitching a line at a girl you showed so much finesse that she didn't ever work out what you were suggesting. She walked off and left you spouting rubbish."

Joe turned to me.

"I must apologise for Rand," he said. "What he was trying to say. . ."

I held up a hand to stop him.

"You can't apologise for someone else. If you do it doesn't mean anything. He's quite big enough and ugly enough to apologise for himself. I also understood perfectly well what he was suggesting. Dinner and a fuck, to put it crudely. Ah, seeing that there're two of you I assume he means multiple fucks."

"And that puts you in your place," said Rand, sounding happy. "See, she's not a dimwit just because she's a woman. She understands plain English."

He turned his attention back to me, his eyes running over me possessively.

"So how about it? Are you coming in?"

"You're serious? You really expect me to just walk in, have some pizza, and get screwed?"

"Not expect, as such. You're a woman. I never know what to expect from a woman at the best of times. Let's just say want rather than expect."

Joe looked at Rand, rolled his eyes as he gave him a despairing look, nodded to me, and retreated. He was washing his hands of the matter. Rand moved a little further to the side, indicating I should walk on in.

"A little bit of pizza won't hurt you," he told me. "As for the rest?" He shrugged as if to say we'll wait and see what happens.

"Come on in said the spider to the fly," I muttered as I stepped past him. I wasn't really committing myself to anything, was I? I had a sneaky suspicion that I was and I was starting to feel a little hot and bothered.

Joe looked somewhat startled when I walked in but Rand spoke up first.

"She's just here for some pizza," he said. "She's hungry."

We had some pizza and we talked. Joe was amusing but to my surprise I found Rand to be more interesting. He might have looked like a thug but he was a lot more intelligent than you'd give him credit for at first seeing him. He was actually quite stimulating company.

Eventually I started making going home noises and Rand promptly got to his feet. I rose to mine and then Rand was standing in front of me. As calmly as you please he took hold of my t-shirt and started pulling it loose from my slacks.

"Excuse me?" I said indignantly.

"No problem," he told me. "I'm just helping you get undressed."

With that he was lifting my t-shirt, pulling it up and over my head, tossing it onto the coffee table.

"B-but I didn't agree to getting undressed or anything," I protested.

"Yes, I know that," he said, smiling at me, showing me those excellent teeth, and making me wonder what would I do if he did bite me. Where would he bite? At the same time he unhooked my bra and was drawing down my arms, leaving me topless.

"It's just that you're too modest to actually suggest that you get undressed so I'm helping you out. You know you want to."

I'm staring at him, flabbergasted at his incredible audacity. My attitude was not helped by him lightly rubbing my breasts and pinching my nipples, which had no right to be erect, even if they were.

His hands dropped to my slacks and he was busy undoing them while I was just as busy trying to stop him.

"No. Let me do it," he said, pushing my hands away. "You're just getting in the way."

Damn it all, I wanted to get in the way. It was too late now, as he was already pushing my slacks down. And my panties I noticed with some irritation. I was going to be starkers in a few moments unless I did something.

What I did was just stand there, watching as he pushed my slacks down, lifting my feet on command so he could slip them right off. I was right. I was now standing there starkers while Rand and Joe were looking me over. They weren't looking at me as though I was a victim; more as though I was a greatly appreciated prize. The admiration they were showing was doing peculiar things to my insides.

Rand reached for me, pulled me up against him, and started kissing me. Who knew he could kiss like that? I just lost myself in it, feeling like I was floating. It wasn't until he was lowering me onto the couch that I found I was floating. With no need to actually hold me anymore his hands were all over me, touching me everywhere. A big hand stroked my throat, moving down to drift over my breasts, paying a lot of attention to my nipples on the way past.

Drifting downwards, touching, teasing, tantalising. His hand moved over my mons and I tensed slightly, waiting for him to touch my mound, to rub me there. The rotten swine moved straight past, his hand gliding along the inside of my legs, teasing a host of nerves I'd never been so aware of. His hand started moving back up. It was nearly touching my mound when he stopped. I could sense his hand just hovering there. I must have made some sort of noise through the kisses as his hand closed over me.

His mouth left my lips, moving down to tease my breasts, lightly biting and kissing. A distraction as it was trying to take my attention away from where his hand was rubbing me, fingers dipping into me, teasing, arousing.

He suddenly stood up, leaving me lying there, my skin all flushed and sensitive. He was undoing his trousers and even as I watched he was pushing them down, together with his shorts. Seeing what was left standing I think I must have whimpered slightly, possibly from fright, possibly from anticipation.

I wanted to point out that I hadn't said yes, yet, but I suspected that the comment would have been superfluous. He pushed my legs further apart, kneeling on the couch between them, his erection waving hungrily above my tummy. A simple adjustment and he was driving into me, filling me, completing me.

My god, but he felt wonderful. He started moving and I was responding, automatically, eagerly, pushing against him and taking him deep with his every movement. 

He was not in a hurry, desperate to get laid. He was moving at a nice easy pace, taking his time on me, his hands massaging my breasts while his cock slowly rocked in and out. I simply moved with him, dreamily, almost, pushing up to meet him every time he slid deep into me. 

It went on and on, totally exhilarating, his cock plunging into me, arousing me, exciting me. I could stand a whole lot of this was what I was thinking, letting him do with me as he wished.

Somehow he just knew when I wanted something more. He gradually moved faster until finally he was really giving it to me. Where I had been relaxed under him I was now reacting more urgently, my legs coming up to wrap around him, clinging to him as he rushed me towards completion.

I climaxed beautifully, pleasure just running through me, carrying me away. Rand was also climaxing quite happily, giving me all he had. He lay on top of me afterwards, pleasantly crushing me. After a while I gave a gentle push against his chest and he moved off of me.

Up until that point I'd completely forgotten about Joe. He brought himself to my awareness when he rolled me over onto my tummy. Hands on my hips he hoisted my bottom up into the air, leaving me with my head resting against my folded arms and what was probably a very startled expression on my face.

He drove into me quite forcefully, his hands gripping my hips to help pull me on as he thrust forward. With that first thrust completed it was a case of it being on for young and old. Joe seemed to go berserk on my poor pussy, pounding away at a great rate. Talk about a total change from Rand's administrations.

It was odd. If I'd been asked to assess their potential when I first saw then I'd have placed Joe as the careful, considerate lover, with Rand probably having the ability to turn consent into rape by his brutal bearing. Just goes to show you never can tell. 

All I could think of while Joe was pounding away was thank god Rand went first and got me aroused and ready. As it was I found I could handle Joe quite easily, even if my hips were working overtime to get my bottom bouncing to meet Joe's antics. 

For all his frantic rush Joe proved to have some stamina. He kept working away, apparently having the time of his life, unwilling to stop for anything as mundane as a climax. I found myself working hard to keep up with him; an athlete I am not, and he was quite exhausting.

I was also somewhat more vocal with Joe bumping against me, squeaks and squeals, gasps and groans, flowed freely. When he finally brought me to a climax I literally screamed, sinking onto the couch afterwards. Joe practically collapsed off me. It seems he wasn't an athlete either and the exercise had wiped him out.

Rand was coaxing me to my feet.

"You'll be wanting a shower, now won't you?" he was saying, leading me out of the front room and down to the bathroom.

Too right I wanted a shower. I was all sweaty and sticky and a shower seemed just the thing to me. I had my shower, using plenty of hot water, and was feeling much better when I left the bathroom. Unfortunately, I hadn't thought to take my clothes to the bathroom so I had to go back to the front room to get dressed. I wrapped a towel around me and headed that way.

Joe wasn't there but Rand was. I was somewhat surprised to find that he was standing there naked and I hastily looked elsewhere. It turned out Rand and I were at cross purposes. I was moving forward to claim my clothes. He was moving towards me to claim my towel. He twitched it off me, leaving me naked once more, his eyes once again running over me.

"Still just as beautiful," he told me while I stood there blushing. Then he grabbed my arm and sank down onto the floor, taking me with him.

I was all, "What? What?", even if I didn't say anything. Rand was flat on his back, pulling me down to lie on top of him. My breasts were crushed against his chest and you can guess what was crushed against my tummy, feeling bigger than ever.

Before I could say anything his hands were cupping my breasts, forcing me up into a sitting position, his cock rising as I straightened so it was jutting up between my legs, my slit pressing against it.

"Your turn," Rand told me. "Take a seat and show me what you can do."

"You're kidding," I said, at the same time looking around to see where Joe was.

"Why would I kid you? I'm ready as you should be able to tell." He guessed that I was wondering about Joe. "You'll have to excuse Joe. Once a night is enough for him. A decided lack of stamina in my opinion."

He didn't say anything else. Just lay there, waiting for me to sit on him. I felt like asking him if he thought he was pushing his luck. I certainly thought he was. Did he seriously think I was going to have sex with again, with me on top this time? From the way his cock was sticking up the answer was a very large yes.

I couldn't really remember being on top before. Oh, in passing, naturally, when rolling around with my boyfriend, but never right from the word go, being expected to make the running. I was starting to feel a little nervous.

It slowly dawned on me that just sitting there wasn't getting anything done. I either had to get off or get on, in a manner of speaking. But really, I couldn't. I wasn't even sure how I finished up having sex with him the first time. I was sure I hadn't intended to. He was still just lying there, smiling at me. Well, it wasn't as though he could do anything else with me sitting on him. I looked down, seeing his cock there, my slit pressing lightly against it. I pushed myself against it slightly, feeling it rubbing against me.

I could do this. I mean, what's so hard about it. I smirked down at him. He had to wait until I was ready. Hard lines, Rand. I leaned forward over him, my dangling breasts brushing lightly against his hairy chest. I swayed slightly from side to side, watching them oscillate, the nipples being teased by his hair. If I leaned forward and moved up a bit more his cock would be lying between my legs, pointing at its target.

The thought was all I needed. I wriggled slightly higher, leaning further down as I did. I could now feel his cock between my legs. Now I eased myself back down a little, feeling his cock brushing against my lips and then trying to push past them. Just a little more and I could feel the head pop past my lips, its journey started. I lay still, waiting to see how Rand reacted.

Apart from seeming to be breathing a little harder he stayed still. Fair enough. Now did I keep wriggling down, letting it force its way inside me or not? Not, I decided. What would happen if I sat upright? 

What happened was that my position changed in relation to the way his cock was lying. I effectively forced his cock to stand up and away from his body rather than trying to slap itself against his stomach. And because his cock was now upright and I was above it I just naturally sank down onto it, taking it deep within me. It seemed I had decided to have sex with him after all.

I started rocking, feeling him sliding back and forth inside me. I liked it. I continued the rocking while considering the situation. From the hiss I heard from Rand he was finding the situation, um, not as he expected, shall we say. I rocked and considered. It seemed to me that although it felt good it would take an awfully long time to actually get anywhere moving like this. I mean, there wasn't really all that much movement, an inch or so at the most. Maybe I should bounce and see what that did.

I started to bounce, slowly. Now I was sliding along the full length of his cock and it felt good. Rand seemed to be biting his lip so I was guessing that he was enjoying it. Or maybe biting his tongue to make sure he didn't say something he'd regret. I felt like giggling. This was fun.

I experimented, checking out what different actions felt like. I have to admit that bouncing certainly seemed superior to rocking or swaying from side to side. Rand was breathing hard and when I bounced I could feel him pushing up to meet me. He seemed to be putting a bit of effort into it, too, but it must have been hard for him when I could pull away, negating his efforts.

Eventually it turned out that I might have pushed him just a little too far. He made this growling sound and twisted to one side. I promptly landed on my back on the carpet, no longer connected to him. Before I could say anything he was in motion. He rolled over and was kneeling between my legs. Grabbing my ankles he lifted my legs high and wide, resulting at me finding myself looking at my own pussy with his cock right next to it.

"Watch," he snarled at me, "and you'll see how it's supposed to work." 

With that he lunged forward and, oh my god, I was actually watching his cock as it sank into me, driving forcefully in. Then he was bouncing on me and I was squealing with excitement as I watched his cock repeatedly sink into me and withdraw. Seen like this his cock looked absolutely enormous, demanding entry, taking its pleasure of my body.

This night was turning into a night of first times for me. This actually watching as a cock made free of my body, seeing it spearing into me, was definitely a first, and quite an erotic one. (I won't mention the other firsts. I'm sure you'll be able to guess at some of them.)

I was shrieking and he was bonking and it was all getting too much for me. I climaxed again with another loud shriek, still managing to notice his cock go into a jerking dance inside me as he spilt his load.

I finished up having another shower and this time I took my clothes into the bathroom with me. Rand saw me out and I was shortly heading homeward. I was certainly going to sleep well tonight.
