 When I was six and a half years old and about ready to start first grade, I fell on the stone steps of our church, cut open my chin and contracted Scarlet Fever. I don't really remember any of it but apparently I almost died. Whatever, it meant I didn't start first grade until I was seven and a half. I was almost always the oldest in my class. That probably was good for me. I was just a little more mature, could concentrate a little better, did well when it came to grades and did well when it came to interacting with other classmates.

Eleven years later that meant I turned eighteen near the end of eleventh grade. I still had a year left in high school. I wasn't unusually big for my age, probably average. But I wrestled starting in junior high and was on the high school varsity so I was in good shape with lots of muscle. It was on a Saturday and my parents had a minor party for me in our back yard. Three boys that were friends and also good athletes were there plus my parents and three neighboring married couples. Most of us were in swimsuits because we had a pool. I think my parents were using it, at least in part, to pay back some neighbors for having had them over. 

My parents are about forty. My Mom is 39 (I am her oldest child) and my Dad 43. They married after my Dad got his degree. My Mom never finished college .I was born roughly seven months after they married and that's probably why. Their friends are pretty much around their same age just like my friends are about my age, although often a year younger.

Anyway, we have a barbecue going, soft drinks for us kids and some booze for the older folks. My friends and I have a lot of fun in and around the pool. The older people used the pool a little but are much quieter about it. After dinner, my friends go home. A little later two of the neighbor couples also leave. The Simpsons are the last to go.

I'm very aware of Mrs. Simpson. Della. Her husband, Greg, is about my Dad's age. Della is younger, maybe thirty, maybe a year or so older or younger than that. She also is gorgeous. Pretty, extremely well built. She reminds me of a model or Vegas show girl. I've often thought she was the sexiest thing I've ever seen. This evening, her bathing suit leaves nothing to the imagination, she's almost falling out of it. 

Greg, her husband, who normally seems like a nice guy, is stinko. Way drunk. She needs help to get him home so I volunteer. I almost have to carry him. His feet are on the ground but not of a lot of use. We finally get him home, across the street and up two houses. I lug him upstairs. She has me dump him in the guest room. Don't want his snoring to bother her, she claims.

She probably isn't completely sober herself, although she walks and talks fine. "George," she says, "I should give you a birthday present." She stands right up against me and puts her hand on my shoulder and then slides it down on my chest, like she's feeling me. "You've developed into a very handsome, strong young man. You're probably having sex with girls at school, aren't you."

"Uh," I sort of mumble, not knowing what to say, "No, not really."

"You mean this lovely cock I've been looking at all evening," she says, moving her hand down to grab hold of my cock and balls through my bathing suit, "has never been used sexually?"

I've never had anything like that happen to me before. On the one hand I'm actually scared a little. On the other hand, this truly sexy lady has me getting a major hard on.

"Uh, no, it hasn't."

She gives me a really big grin and moves her hand a little feeling my cock. "Well then, that can be my birthday present to you." Right in the hallway, with her husband passed out on a bed perhaps ten feet away. She starts pulling my bathing suit down, moving down herself to kneel on the floor with my suit at my ankles and my very erect cock bobbing in open air right in front of her face.

"Oh, you have a terrific cock, George," she says, grabbing it with one hand and feeling my balls with the other. Then, without another word, she opens her mouth wide and starts swallowing my cock. She's obviously hungry for a cock and a load of cum to swallow. 

I can't even begin to explain the way I feel. This is the sexiest thing that has ever happened to me and it's combined with my knowing how gorgeous she is. The only thing that has touched my cock for years is my own hand and what she did is barely related to masturbation. A very distant cousin at best. Her fingers did masturbate me a little. Her lips did, too. Add the sucking and the licking and the moisture of her mouth and the slurps. Well, I cum. It doesn't take long. Really cum, more than ever before, I think.

She grins some more, licking her lips after swallowing, and takes my hand and leads me into the bedroom she and her husband usually use. Her bra and bottom come off, her perfect female body is displayed to me, and in no time she has me on the bed, both of us naked. "Now you need to do that for me, George," she says. "You need to learn how to eat pussy. Greg has never been that great at it but I bet I can teach you to be an expert."

That's what she does. After kissing me with lots of tongue she has me do things with her breasts. Really lovely, firm, large breasts. Then down over her stomach and to her pussy. She must use scissors to trim her pubic hair because there isn't much. It's very dark, not matching her head hair at all, but it doesn't get in the way much. She pulls herself open some and has me lick inside her, up and down and all around. She has me push a finger into her and then use my tongue a lot on the bump that is her clit. Oddly, while I feel strange, not knowing what I'm doing, I truly enjoy it. I make her cum.

That first time I'm probably not very good at all but she does have an orgasm. After, I'm hard again, so she helps aim me into her and I also get my very first fuck. After everything else that had happened the fuck is sort of an anticlimax but a great one. I've never felt anything better in my life than having my cock slide around inside that tight, warm, moist tunnel. I cum again inside her and she seems to love every minute of it.

Since it has already taken me longer than it should, she has me get home. I dream all that night about the female body, fleshy curves, breasts, a wet pussy that holds my cock tight. We had arranged for me to come back often. Over the next several weeks I come and go through her back door, hoping that none of the neighbors or my parents would see me. I'd then go down the alley and around to my house. We do this three times a week usually, after school is out and before her husband comes home from work. I just claim that I'm doing something late at school to my parents.

I become very adept at eating her as well as fucking her and she sucks me off enough that I think maybe she likes oral better than vaginal sex. I also learn a little about her. Apparently she developed physically rather early and became sexually active early. She had lousy taste in men and they took advantage of her, in her opinion. She even fucked for money at some point, shaved her pussy for some porn films. When she met Greg, she says he was the first guy to be nice to her so she married him. She wants to stay married, it's a nice life, she just needs a little extra sex. To her it doesn't damage the marriage, it's just sex. I wasn't the first extra cock in her life and I'm sure I won't be the last. 

I still tend to dream about sex. In fact, I have sex on my mind a lot. I realize that every girl at school has a pussy and might be interested in having me taste it. From what Della said, every girl loves to have her pussy eaten. So, I look around at school to see who I should try and have sex with. Who do I want and who might be ready for what I could offer. Someone sexy that isn't getting her pussy eaten.

The big titted, blond cheerleader, a year ahead of me and already nineteen, that I know is fucking the quarterback, is my choice. Fran is the most desirable girl at school and I doubt if the star jock ever does anything but shove it in her. Maybe she's both horny and frustrated. One day, probably a month before graduation, she has on this extremely short cheerleader skirt and is sitting in the bleachers watching basketball practice. I mosey over and sit in the row in front of her and turn around and lean my head in between her legs and kiss on her panties and tell her, "I bet you taste delicious." There are some other people around, not real close, and I did it so quick I don't think anyone else noticed. 

She looks at me oddly, almost like she's angry. "What do you mean?" she says.

"I just mean that you're a gorgeous girl, you probably have a delicious pussy and I would love to give you an orgasm orally."

"Oh" is all she says. A minute later she moves down to sit next to me. "You would really lick me, taste me?" she asks, "like I've seen on the 'net."

"Yeah," I reply, "I'd love to. From my experience, you'd probably have the best orgasm of your life."

"Yeah," she says, "You're just saying that to get me in bed. "

"Well, a bed would be a good place to do it with both of us naked. I could appreciate those great breasts of yours as well. But we don't have to. I mean, I could do it right here if you took your panties off. But it wouldn't be the best place, with these other people around. I mean if it eventually led to us fucking that would be great but it doesn't have to."

"Well, it won't. You don't know me very well. I'm a virgin and nobody is fucking me until we're married."

"A virgin? I thought sure you were fucking Cory."

She grins a little. "Well, he wishes. A lot of people seem to think that but it isn't true and won't be. I mean, he's a star and he's pretty sexy and we do some things but we're never getting married. We both have a lot of life ahead of us before either of us get married."

"Oh. Well, sorry, my mistake. I figured he's the type to just use you and leave you frustrated and maybe you'd be ready for what I suggested. You're certainly the most desirable girl around."

She grins. "I never said no. Maybe I am frustrated. I just don't want to jump into anything where I lose control. Okay, let's see. You say we could do it here but there are always people here in the gym, even late, so this won't do. What we need is an empty classroom while there are still people in other rooms so they'll hear me if I scream as you try and rape me. Science has labs and maybe people will come in late. English! No one comes in late for English not even the faculty. Let's go find an empty classroom."

I had to smile at her thinking. We get up and head into the regular halls looking for an empty room. There are still classes going on in about half the rooms. "If you yell, it will be because you're having the biggest orgasm of your life, not because I'm attacking you." She just gives me a look.

"Ah, here we are. Empty. I'm sure Mrs. Schultz is gone for the day, she never stays," she says, opening a door. We both walk in. She looks around. "Probably back here," she says. "Just in case someone opens the door, we can see it and move." She looks at me, reaches up under her very short little cheerleader skirt and pulls down her dark blue panties. Much thicker than normal underwear panties, these must be intended as outer wear. She lifts her skirt and I can see her naked butt and pussy. She jumps up and sits on the edge of a desk and looks at me. "Will this work?" she asks.

"Yeah," I reply as I kneel down between her legs. I use my hands to push her knees further apart and I'm looking right at her pussy. "You're a real blond, "I say as I lean in closer and sniff. I think she's actually a little excited already, I can smell her. I don't say anything else, even as she answers, "yeah". I use both hands to pull her open a little more and get my tongue into her and start licking. She draws in her breath very noticeably. I lick up and down and she makes little moaning or mewing noises, almost sounds like a cat. Maybe that's why it's called a pussy, it causes that kind of a reaction.

She gets a little wetter. I move my hands around to hold her butt and start really sucking on her pussy, grabbing the whole thing with my lips. I back off and lick up and down again. I flick my tongue back and forth on the bump that's got to be her clit and she moans more. I get a finger up under my chin and push into her. She's making odd noises. I flick my eyes up and realize that she has her one hand stuck partly into her mouth to keep her from making louder noises. Her other hand is on my head, pressing me to her. In just a half minute or so this is working. I go on to really finger fuck her and tongue her clit, suck on it some, grab it with my lips as it grows. She doesn't last a whole lot longer than I did when Della gave me my first blow job. Soon her hips are jumping, I'm getting juices onto me and she's darn near bitten her hand. She has both hands on the back of my head, pulling on my hair. "Please, no more," she says.

I back out and sit there on my haunches, looking at her pussy, now very wet and much redder than before, more swollen. "You have a really lovely pussy, Fran," I say to her. "Delicious."

"Oh shit, George," she said, "that was too much. I don't know if I'll ever recover. Look at my hand, I'm almost bleeding. I needed to scream so much." I lean back in and lick her some more. "No," she says, pulling on my hair again. "I want you to do that again but not right now. We need to go somewhere we can get naked like you suggested. You can do that some more and I can do you. My parents won't be home for almost two hours, let's go to my house."

As we walk, she said, "My God, George, that was fantastic. I've never felt like that before. Does it get better, can it possibly ever get better?"

"I don't know but it stays very, very good even if we do it a thousand times."

At her house we end up in her bedroom naked. Those breasts are magnificent. In twenty years they'll likely hang down to her waists but right now they are perfect. Large, firm, nipples, or are they areolas. Whatever, they get smaller and harder as I suck on them. I've never done it but they're ideal for what I've seen on the 'net, a titty fuck. A huge cock can get lost in her cleavage.

She reacts loudly to my eating her, no need to bite her hand here where no one can hear her. She holds me to her pussy with both hands and as she cums and screams she never lets go, wants me to keep at it, so I do. After her third orgasm she lets go of me and collapses back. "Give me a couple minutes," she says, "and I'll do you. But there's no way I can be as good for you as you've been for me."

Actually, she may be as good. She's a much better cock sucker than Della. Della wants a load of cum. Fran wants to enjoy herself, make love to my cock, make it last and last. She looks at it, plays with my cock and balls, sucks on it a little, licks it, sucks on my balls, sucks on my cock. When I'm about to cum, she pulls off and licks around a little before taking me back into her mouth, over and over. I finally shoot what may be my biggest load ever and she swallows every bit. 

"George, I'm closer to giving up on saving my virginity for marriage than I've ever been. Please go home. We'll do this some more but right now, I think I better lay back and ponder the wonders of your oral attack."

In fact, we do do it some more. I have to fit her in between my visits to Della. But two days after that first time, Cory comes up to me at school wanting to know what I was doing with his girl.

"Cory, Fran and I are in a couple classes together. I'm a straight A student and she wanted some help, so I went to her house and helped her. She's a gorgeous girl with a great figure and I'd love to fuck her but I doubt if I ever will. I don't know what you two do but I'm sure you can go ahead and continue doing it, whatever it is. I'm a side issue." That seems to satisfy him. At least I never hear from him again. Since he and Fran are going to different colleges, it'll probably be over between them. In fact, it'll probably be over between Fran and me once she goes off to college. But all through the summer, I get more sex than anyone between Della and Fran, although I never do manage to take Fran's virginity. I'm willing to bet that her next boyfriend eats pussy, though.

Back to school for my senior year. Fran is gone, off to college, but I'm still seeing Della regularly. I'm a little ashamed, helping a wife cheat on her husband but it's too late to do anything about it. A little more cheating isn't much worse than what we've been doing up to now. Besides, if it isn't me, it'd be someone else. I'm actually a little proud that I'm good enough for an experienced fucker like Della to choose to continue with.

After school one day I stop at a local fast food place for a soda. I'm sitting at a table when Ellen comes over and sits down opposite me. That's a surprise. We sort of know one another because we're at the same school and she lives one street over from me but we've never really talked before.

Ellen is big. I don't mean fat. She's tall and sturdy and strong. She puts the shot and throws the hammer at our school track meets. She's probably six feet tall or more, at least an inch taller than me, with shoulders wider than mine. I've heard that she lived on a farm with her Dad and three older brothers and I can believe it because she walks and dresses like a farm worker. Overalls, jeans, sweat shirts, anything large and tough. Her mother apparently died way back when Ellen was still a baby. She now lives with an Aunt, here in town, to go to high school and perhaps community college, where I'll probably be going, too. She's always been a loner, I've never seen her hanging out with others, laughing and talking.

So it's a surprise for her to come to my table. "Hi, George," she says and I respond. "I've been watching you visit Mrs. Simpson for some time," she says. It makes me realize that from the upstairs of her house she probably can see the back of the Simpsons. I say nothing. What can I say? I can't deny it. "Don't worry," she then says, smiling a little, "I have no intentions of tattling." That lets me breath a little easier but it also makes me wonder why is she telling me this?

"I've been watching a lot of porn stuff on the 'net," she says. "It makes me realize that I'd like to do all of that stuff, too. Somewhere inside this hulk, I'm human, too. You must be pretty good if Mrs. Simpson's using you. Just from looking at her I'd guess that she's done stuff like that a lot. So, I've thought about it and I'd like you to do all of that stuff with me. I mean, you must be as good at it as anyone else around here."

"Ellen, you want me to fuck you, is that right?"

"Well, yeah. Plus all the other stuff."

"Like me eating your pussy and you sucking my cock and us fucking in different positions."

She grins. "Yeah," she says.

"I don't think you've thought this through. What you want isn't like eating a different meal or buying some new clothes, it's likely to be life changing. I mean, sex isn't all that casual, there are emotions involved. Once you do it, you're not going to want to stop."

"So you're telling me no," she says.

"No, I'm not refusing you at all. I just think this is a really big thing and you haven't thought it through."

"Oh, I've thought about it a lot," she says. "I'm not good at interacting with other people. I like to do what I want to do and I know some of you others think I'm sort of a freak. I'm not but I don't know how to do anything to correct that. So if I don't get someone like you to do this with me, I'll either pull back and never do it or else I'll do something dumb and end up with an unhappy experience. With you, I know it'll be a good experience. So let's do it. Please."
