 As he entered the underground parking garage he came upon Sarah standing over the open hood of her car, tears streaming down her flushed cheeks. She was leaning over looking under the hood, her short, black, skirt stretched tightly over her round, firm, bottom. 

"Need some help?" he asked as he walked up to her. He couldn't help but notice how her sobbing made her breasts rise and fall under the tight-fitting, low-cut red sweater. "Fucking CAR" was all she said as she slammed the hood down. George couldn't help but chuckle at her use of profanity. "Well," he started in his most comforting tone, trying desperately to hide his amusement, "I don't know much about cars, but I could give you a ride home if you like." His offer was rewarded with the prettiest smile he had ever seen. "Thanks, George. You're the best," and she followed him to where his navy blue, Lexus sedan was parked.

After getting directions, George headed towards Sarah's condo. "So Sarah, how ARE you doing? Mavis and I were sure sorry to hear about you and Cliff." But what followed was reality, not fantasy. She said she was fine and thanked Mavis and him for their concern. No sexy details of the "marital bed", no expressing her desire to perform oral, just friendly, small talk between co-workers. And when he pulled into her driveway she thanked him again as she exited the car but no blowjob.

George sighed deeply as he started backing out of the drive. He was really in no hurry to get home since Mavis had left that afternoon to visit her sister, but when he shoulder-checked he saw the plain, brown paper wrapped parcel on the back seat and thought a "date" with Breeze was better than nothing. He started thinking about the video and pressed on the accelerator a little harder. 

It was just becoming dusk and as he turned into his own driveway he say light glowing from the bedroom window. Mavis was the kind of women concerned with "energy-saving" and walked around the house turning down thermostats and turning off lights. He was surprised she had left the house without checking. "She must be getting old," he chuckled to himself as he entered the side entrance to their house making a mental note NOT to tell Mavis that.

In truth, she looked much younger than her fifty years. Regular trips to the hairdresser kept the gray from creeping into her short, curly, auburn hair. A nightly regimen of cleansing and moisturizing kept the wrinkles mostly at bay and her skin soft and supple. She carried a few extra pounds (in truth it was more like 30) and joked about it being baby weight even though their youngest was 23. But George didn't mind. She had amazing breasts, 38C with long, sensitive, pinkish nipples that she loved having sucked and licked and the occasional light bite that would make her moan loudly with pleasure. He loved to squeeze her ass when they hugged, his fingers sinking into the soft, flesh of her meaty rear cheeks. "Bones are for dogs, meat is for men," he would tell her whenever she worried about her "big butt". He loved going down on her and how she would squeeze his head with her warm, fleshy thighs as he brought her to orgasm with his lips and tongue. He really shouldn't be complaining about their sex life, but if only she would return the oral favor he would be the happiest man on earth. 

As he entered the house he saw Mavis' purse on the kitchen table and his concern for her pushed his lustful thoughts from his mind and he ran about the house calling her name. "Upstairs," he heard her voice coming from their bedroom and George rushed to the stairway wondering what had stopped her from taking the long-awaited trip to her sister's. He expected to find her sick in bed but when he reached the doorway he stopped cold in his tracks. "Who are YOU?" he exclaimed in a hoarse, lusty voice as his eyes took in the vixen lying on the bed.

Mavis had chosen carefully what she was going to wear that night. Her legs were encased in sheer black stockings that did not require a garter. The lacey baby doll top was low cut, exposing the tops of her creamy white breasts and matched the low-rise black lace panties visible through the sheerness of the top. She was lying on her side, facing the door, her head resting on one hand, the other stroking her legs, from her bent knees all the way up her thighs to the center of her womanhood. George just stood there, totally mesmerized by this women who only slightly resembled his wife.

She raised herself off the bed and walked towards him slowly. "What about your sister?" he started to say but she placed a finger over his mouth to silence him before replacing it with her ruby red painted lips. The kiss was long and over flowing with lust and passion. George was totally lost in this wonder that was his wife. He couldn't keep his hands still as they explored every curve, every valley as if he had never touched her before. He reached down between her legs and was rewarded by a low soft moan and very damp fingers.

She stepped back from him and slowly began to undress him. She loosened the knot on his tie and slipped it off his neck and around her own. "We may want to use this later," she whispered behind a very mischievous smile. She unbuttoned his shirt and with each button came a kiss; on his neck, his collar bone, his chest, his nipples and all the way down his stomach. She pushed the shirt off his shoulders and down his arms till it lay on the floor behind him. She unbuckled his belt then the top button on his pants. Her wet pink tongue ran back and forth over her lips as she slowly slid down the zipper releasing his manhood from its confines. 

If he thought he knew what was coming next, Mavis was about to give him the surprise of his life. You don't stay married to a man for 26 years and not know his deepest wants and desires. Tonight was the night George was going to have the thrill of a lifetime. 

Mavis had been planning this scene for several weeks now. If it was going to be George and her "first time", she was going to make sure it was memorable. She googled "how to give a great blow job" and was amazed at how much instructional information there was on the internet. She read for hours. If she was going to be a cocksucker, then God dammit she was going to be a well-informed one.

She looked into George's eyes and as he looked deep into hers he thought he saw a lust and desire Mavis had never exhibited before. She kissed his lips, long and lingering, her lace covered breasts pressing against his naked chest. She sucked an earlobe into her mouth and traced it with her tongue. She nuzzled his neck and kissed him softly all the while stroking his already rock hard cock. She kissed his pebble-like nipples and massaged them with her lips. She kissed down his chest and stomach slowly kneeling in the process. George closed his eyes tightly then opened them again. Was this really happening? And as she kissed the head of his throbbing member then wrapped her tongue around it licking up the drips of pre-cum, he realized it was. He let out a moan; or was it a groan; a grunt? "Maybe you better sit down," Mavis said in a deep, husky voice he barely recognized. He fell back into the armchair as she continued her assault on his cock.

She licked down his shaft, bathing it in saliva with her tongue. She stopped at the base and began to suck in his balls, one at a time while her hand moved up and down his slippery, wet cock. George's hands clutched the arms of the chair, his knuckles turning white from the pressure. As Mavis continued to lick his shaft she looked up into George's eyes and saw the pleasure she was creating. "It's all worth it," she thought as she parted her lips enough to suck in the head and then licked the sensitive spot just underneath the ridge. "Oh fuckkk Mavis, ohhhhhh fuckkkkk!" His words spurred her on and she began to slide her mouth up and down his steel-like shaft, moaning softly, the mmmmmmmm's escaping between her lips and his cock seemed never ending. "I'm enjoying this!" she thought to herself with surprise and began to suck him even harder. She grazed his tummy with her fingertips and felt as much as heard him catch his breath. Saliva dripped from her mouth and she used her other hand to spread it up and down his shaft. If he were to die right now, George knew he'd die a happy man.

She slid her mouth off his cock making a slight popping noise then pressed her rigid tongue into his slit. George couldn't speak, couldn't express to this woman how incredible this was, she was; he just stroked her hair, her face, applying little pressure, not wanting her to think he was trying to force her into doing something she didn't want to.

As he watched his full length disappear into her hot, wet mouth then re-appear again; as he felt it being sucked deep into her mouth, her throat, he knew he wouldn't be able to hold back much longer. He tried to release his cock from her mouth, telling her he was going to cum but she wouldn't let go, moaning louder and louder, squeezing his balls gently. 

George raised his hips up and when the hot cum shot into her mouth Mavis almost pulled away, but she didn't. She swallowed spurt after spurt, sucking, slurping and licking till she had milked him dry. She released his spent cock just as he fell back against the chair. She stayed kneeling between his legs and rested her head on his stomach as he stroked her hair and mumbled how wonderful she was, how good she was, how GREAT she was. 

Mavis smiled and after a few minutes she stood up and, removing George's tie from around her neck she looped it around his. Pulling on it gently she looked into his eyes and in her most seductive tone said, "We're not done yet," and led him to the bed. 

George never stopped smiling for the next two weeks.