 He had been working the horses all day and had one more to ride, Wilbur. He motioned for Wilbur to come to him and Wilbur did as he was told. What he didn't know was that he was being watched. 

She enjoyed looking at him as sweat rolled down his face and back. Today though was different. She pictured this day for weeks and today she had the courage to make her move. He stuck his boot in the stirrup and was about to mount Wilbur when he noticed something white out of the corner of his eye. When he turned he saw her walking toward him, her blonde hair flowing behind her. He took his boot out of the stirrup, stood next to Wilbur, and waited for her to approach. When she drew closer, he noticed her shy smile. 

"Can I help you?" he asked. 

She just continued to smile and took a couple of steps closer to him. She was now standing directly in front of him. She raised her arms and rested them on his shoulders, looking directly into his brown eyes. 

"I want a ride." 

She kept her voice calm, but inside she was shaking. She didn't know what she'd do if he said no. He grabbed her hands and took them off his shoulders. He then grabbed the saddle horn and swung himself into the saddle. He then reached his hand out to her. 

"Put your foot into the stirup," he commanded. 

She complied. 

"Now put your hand on my thigh and swing your other leg over." 

Once she was situated behind him, she wrapped her arms around his waist and rested her head against his bare back. She heard him take in a sharp breath before he spurred Wilbur forward. They rode out of the arena and headed to the trees where she stood earlier. As soon as they entered the trees she began trailing kisses down his back and ran her nails across his stomach and chest. 

He slowed Wilbur to a crawl. She began kissing his neck, nibbling ever so slightly. He pulled back on the reigns and Wilbur stopped. He turned his head slightly and kissed her cheek before moving to her lips. When their lips touched, their bodies began to tingle. He motioned for her to bring her leg over his lap. She swung her leg over and he helped her slide onto his lap. 

She ran her hands down his chest and reached for his belt. She looked up at him as she unfastened it and he reached for her t-shirt. When he went to take it off, she raised her arms to help him before she moved back to his pants. He reached and began massaging one of her breasts. She moaned and leaned into his hand. He threw her shirt aside and reached to unfasten her bra. When it was unfastened he tossed it to the ground too. She unbuttoned his jeans and slowly unzipped them. He reached for her jeans and did the same. He ran his hands down her legs and tugged on her boots. He tossed them aside. 

"Lean back," he ordered. 

When she did, he grabbed the bottom of her pants and tugged. She raised her butt off the saddle to help him remove are final article of clothing. He took a sharp intake of breath as soon as he noticed she wore noting underneath. Once her jeans hit the ground, they reached for each other and their lips touched slightly before he deepened the kiss. His tong darted in and out of her mouth. Her hands trailed down his chest and over his stomach and stopped when they reached the front of his pants. 

She began stroking his swollen member through his jeans. He moaned and thrust into her hand. When he did that she reached with her other hand and attempted to pull is jeans down. He stood up in the stirrups and she yanked his jeans and underwear down as far as they would go. He sat back down and ran his hands down her chest. He stopped and massaged bother her breasts before moving his hands lower. She almost stopped breathing when his hands reached the top of her mound. He looked at her and smiled before he inserted one of his fingers. She bucked at his hand and grabbed his shoulders. He could feel hr juices spill onto his hand and he knew she was ready. He grabbed her hips and pulled her toward him. 

"Put your feet on mine," he whispered in her ear before nibbling on it. 

She lowered herself slowly taking him in. He thrust up to meet her. When he did, Wilbur started walking. He thrust harder and she met him. She bent down and ran her tongue lightly across his lips before darting it in his mouth. She nibbled lightly on his lower lips and thrust her hips harder against him. 

He grabbed her hips and pulled her down harder while she ran her fingers through his hair. She could feel him about to cum and she squeezed him tight. He thrust one more time before she collapsed against him. 

They lay in each other's arms for what seemed like eternity. He eventually grabbed the reigns and turned Wilbur around. Still connected, they rode in silence. Once they reached the spot where her clothes lay, she moved off him and climbed off the horse. She gathered her things and started walking away. 

She took several steps before turning back. Still holding all her clothes she said, "Thanks for the ride." 

She turned back around and disappeared in the trees.