 Please do not read if under 18 years of age or offended by sexually explicit stories and situations. 

(c) 2002 Couture

***********

I watched the two girls in the mirror at the bar. They were both very pretty. The dark-haired woman was little more mature and judging by her eyes, a bit more jaded. The other was blonde, young, and laughed a lot. She looked fresh, unaffected by the trials of the city. The sort of girl Playboy tried to get to pose as a centerfold: young, innocent, boxum - the girl next door. I wanted her the minute I laid eyes on her. The blonde one that is. 

When the young blonde got up to go to the restroom, I made my move. Heh-heh, wolves are always more aggressive when the prey is alone.

"Hi, can I buy you a drink?"

"Sure."

I sat down next to brunette. "My name is Steve." I extended my hand and she shook it. A nice firm handshake. 

"I'm Georgia . . .like the state."

Even though I only came over to talk to her so that I could meet the blonde when she came back, I immediately liked her.. "You are very pretty, Georgia-like-the-state."

She laughed and put her hand on my arm. Yes, a good start indeed.

"Thank you. So, what do you do, Steve?"

"I work for an internet company. I do programming." Shit, the hand on my arm was gone. She must think I'm either boring as hell or two-steps from a layoff. I don't know why I wanted to impress her. It wasn't her I wanted after all, but I found myself saying, "I also write." It escaped my lips and there was no way to take it back. 

She gave me a look that said she didn't believe me. "What do you write? Programs? Manuals?"

"No, I write fiction. Erm . . . Erotic stories." She caught me off guard again. This was not something I shared with people. Not even my friends.

"You're fuckin' with me." But the hand was back, this time on my thigh.

"I'd like to be. . .fucking with you that is," I said feeling a little more confident on the subject. "They are on the internet if you ever want to take a look."

"So," She said, all eager and whispering to me, like we were young kids. "What are they about?" 

"Some are about really way out kinky things from my fantasies, but others are about different women I've hooked up with and some of the things we've done."

She paused as if letting this sink in. "Would you write a story about me? For me. Georgia's Story." Her hand moved higher. It was almost touching my cock now. So close, I could feel the warmth from her fingers. She had obviously done this before. "I think I would like that."

"Why?"

"Why do you write?" she asked. "I like the thought of people reading about me and getting off. Besides, I'm too old for to pose for Playboy."

"I would buy that issue."

"Sure you would," she said, meaning I would say anything to get in her panties. "But, would you write my story."

"Yes. I could write it, but you have to understand. In order for people to want to read it, and I mean lots of people, it would have to be different. Nobody wants to read about a guy and a girl meeting at a bar and going home for a quick fuck. And we haven't known each other long enough to write a piece where we poke fun at one another and do cutesy relationship things, before having a boring but lovable fuck."

"I could let you poke me in the rear, if you promise not to be an asshole about it. I bet people would like to read about that."

"Have you ever done that before?" I said.

"A few times." She said, not batting an eye. Her hand was resting on my cock now. I'm not sure if was from her moving her hand down, or from the extra length I added while talking to her.

"Well, people like to read about people doing things they don't ordinarily do, you know." I thought for a second. "Have you ever done it in a public place?"

"When I was younger. I couldn't do it here though. Someone might recognize me from work." 

We both tried to think of something fresh and different. She shook her head and began to laugh. "This is too damn funny. Two jaded people trying to come up with a new way to have a fuck."

I laughed too and nudged her playfully in the ribs. "Oh no, we've got fuckers block."

We laughed some more and then she dried her tears with a cocktail napkin that had previously guarded the table against the condensation from her glass. By the time we stopped, the blonde that was sitting next to her returned. 

Georgia gave my leg a squeeze and whispered, "I've got an idea. Just play along, okay?" Turning to the blonde: "Hey Stacy, look who the cat drug in. I'd like you to meet my brother Steve." To me: "Steve, I'd like you to meet my new friend Stacy. Well, we just met really, but friends are friends." To Stacy: "Right Stacy?"

"Sure," she said. "It was ah-Georgia wasn't it?"

"You got it." To me: "Stacy just moved to town this week and doesn't know anyone yet. Now, she already has two friends."

"It's a pleasure to meet you Stacy." I shook her hand. Not firm, but she had an honest smile.

Stacy said, "It's nice to meet you too."

Georgia stood up, put her arm around Stacy's middle and said, "Stacy, why don't you sit next to Steve. Do you mind?" While the two switched seats, Georgia continued, "Lordy, I feel like little Miss Matchmaker. Steve's wife left him about four months ago, and I finally got him to come to visit me. He needs to lighten up and have a little fun, maybe meet some new people. And since you don't know anyone in town, what better person to meet?"

As a writer, I have a special appreciation for words. Most of the time it is for the written word, but after listening to Georgia, I realized I was in the presence of a master. She had all three of us, perfect strangers really, carrying on as if we had known each other all our lives, and soon we were all drunk from the tequila shots she ordered. Not only that, she had maneuvered it so that I was supposedly divorced, due to being so uptight (this couldn't be further from the truth), and we were brother and sister. 

Now, clearly, Georgia was in control and since I was potentially destined to get laid by more than one woman tonight, I was in no position to complain. But even if by chance I came to like Stacy, I would never be able to have a relationship with her, unless of course Georgia was involved too. Like I said, she was a master, and I wasn't surprised one bit when she asked if Stacy wanted to go back to her apartment for a joint.

"But Stevie's probably afraid," Georgia said. "Aren't you Stevie?"

Now, don't get me wrong, I don't buy marijuana. Not since college. But I've never turned it down either. Still playing the part of Georgia's uptight brother, I replied, "Well, I don't know sis. How long does that stuff stay in your system?"

"Hah, you *are* afraid. I bet Stacy's not afraid. Are you Stacy?"

Stacy hesitated. It was obvious she was indeed afraid, either of smoking a jay or going back to Georgia's apartment. Georgia patted Stacy's arm and the young blonde reluctantly agreed. "I'm not afraid." 

"Good girl." Georgia cheered, and the two gave one another a high five. To me: "Still afraid?"

"No, I'll do it."

"Ha-hah, damn there might just be some hope for you yet Stevie. Pay the tab, while we ladies go freshen up a bit." The two walked to the bathroom, with Stacey staggering alongside of Georgia who glided next to her.

I paid the tab and smiled to myself, shaking my head in disbelief at Georgia's manipulations. I kept an eye peeled toward the bathroom, making sure that Georgia's manipulations didn't include getting stuck with such a high bill without the fringe benefits, so to speak. She was good, I had to give her that. Not only was she going to be in a story, but she would be the main character. I wondered if she realized that already. Probably so.

When the two gorgeous women returned, they both grinned knowingly. Obviously they talked about me while they were alone, and I found about what as we left, with both girls flanking me and each cheek of my ass covered by a groping hand. 

"Is my little bro embarrassed?" 

Not at all. As a matter of fact, I struggled not to grab their asses in turn, but it wouldn't be in character, that's for sure.

"I can't believe you did that sis! Did you see everyone staring at me?" I accused her jokingly, causing Stacy to giggle uncontrollably. 

We caught a cab and went over to Georgia's place. It was a nice roomy apartment. Very modern, if a little sparce. 

"Have a seat. I'll be right back," Georgia said. 

She left, and I was alone with Stacy for the first time.

"Your sister's a handful, isn't she?" Stacy whispered.

"Yeah, when you're with her you feel like you're on a trip to an exotic location," I said honestly. "You don't know where you're going; you just hold on tight and see where you end up."

We laughed and grew quiet, as Georgia picked that moment to show back up bearing a small Tupperware container. She looked from one of us to the other and said in a stoner voice, "Like wow, man, like I haven't even started yet, and I already feel like everyone is talking about me."

We laughed again, and Georgia sat down, emptying the contents of the container on the coffee table. She picked the seeds out of the pot, and then packed the leaves into the husk of a cigar. She lit it, took a drag, held it and let it go. Then she passed it over to me. "You chicken, little brother?"

"No."

Being a casual smoker, I'm not a big fan of blunts, though I've never turned one down either. They always make me choke, which I guess was a good thing, since I needed to pretend I'd never smoked pot.

I took a drag, letting it burn my lungs. It was good shit. 

"So, Stacy, did Stevie tell you why his wife left him?"

I choked, not sure if it was from the blunt as much as Georgia's comments. I wondered where she was going with this. 

"No why?"

I passed Georgia back the blunt. She passed it to Stacy, "Here, take a hit and I'll tell you."

Stacy looked very unsure of herself as she stared down at the blunt between her fingers. She cast her eyes in my direction, and as if trying to borrow courage from the solace that I, the uptight one, had also taken a hit. She put the blunt her lips, closed her eyes and took a drag. She held it, I'll give her that, but she coughed even worse than I did, when she exhaled. Eyes watering and barely able to breathe without coughing, she passed it back to Georgia.

Georgia wouldn't accept it.

"Don't inhale so much this time. Just take a breath of it, hold it and release."

Stacy tried again, with a little better success. She was still coughing and tearing up though. She ended up taking three more hits, before Georgia was satisfied. It was obvious from her half-lidded eyes that Stacy was buzzing.

Georgia took a hit and then passed it back to me, before she continued. "See, his wife left him because he is a poor kisser."

I coughed again, a little less this time, but my eyes still watering. "I am not a poor kisser."

I tried to pass the joint back, but Georgia motioned for me to take another drag. 

She placed her hand on Stacy's knee. "Don't believe him. I tried to teach him to kiss when we were in high school and he was horrible."

"I'm a lot older now, and a much better kisser," I retorted.

She took the joint back and said, "Bullshit," before taking a drag, and passing it on to Stacy. 

"Here, give me a kiss and prove it to me."

Stacy coughed and a startled expression crossed her face. We were supposed to be brother and sister, I wondered if the buzz had impaired Georgia's judgment, causing her to go out of character.

"But you're my sister," I said.

"Awww, little brother is afraid." To Stacy: "See, I told you he was uptight. Go on girl, take another drag, I'm not counting." Stacy took two. "Good girl. I bet you wouldn't be afraid would you?" 

Stacy shook her head and handed the blunt back.

"Well, it's settled then. Stacy, you switch places with me and Stevie, you come here and sit next to Stacy."

We all settled down on the couch, with Stacy in the middle of me and Georgia. 

"What's all this for?" I asked.

Georgia took a drag and said, "We are going to have a contest. We both get to kiss Stacy and she's going to tell us who the best kisser is."

"But-I-" Stacey tried to interject.

"Come on Stacy, he's not gonna do it and you just said you weren't afraid."

Stacy's hand trembled as she picked up the blunt from the ashtray, took another drag, and set it back down. She looked toward me with scared eyes. Would I volunteer to switch with her and get her out of the hot seat, so to speak? I didn't volunteer. 

"Okay," Stacy said, almost whimpering.

Any doubts I had about Georgia's lucidity disappeared as I looked at this glorious example of womanhood sitting before me. She played this to perfection. I took Stacy's chin between my fingers, tilted her head at an angle, and brushed my lips against hers. I grew more insistent, caressing her lips between my own, before dancing my tongue along them, opening them. My hand found its way to her neck, and my thumb lifted her chin, tilting her head up and toward me. Our tongues danced together, and I bit her lower lip, pulling it along with me as I withdrew.

She was obviously breathless and the faintest hint of blush crept to her cheeks and chest. Her nipples peeked through the weave of her top.

Georgia had to nudge her with an elbow to get her out of her swoon. "Well, what did you think, sweetie?"

"It-it was very nice," Stacy stammered.

"Yeah, right," Georgia said dubiously. "On a scale from one to ten, what was it? And be honest."

"It was a nine."

"Hah!" I said.

"Don't get cocky little bro. The poor thing obviously has never been kissed before." 

Georgia picked up the blunt, took a drag, and then turned Stacy's head to face her. "My turn."

I felt Stacy edge closer to me, as if to escape Georgia.

Stacy stuttered, "I-I don't know about this. I've never ah. . ."

"Don't worry Stacy, there's nothing to be afraid of." Stacy was staring at the wall, avoiding Georgia's eyes. Georgia turned Stacy's head so that the side of her head was resting on the back of the couch, and she was turned to face her. "That's a girl, just relax okay?"

Georgia put her head next to Stacy's, so they were only separated by an inch, and sat there idly twirling a lock of Stacy's hair. "Look at me Stacy. Do I look like someone to be afraid of?"

"No," Stacy said, her voice trembling.

"Do my eyes look like they want to hurt you?" Georgia's eyes shone. Not from malice, but the hunger of lust. 

"No," Stacy replied meekly.

Georgia lean closer and traced her lips on Stacy's. Soon the two women were both turning their heads in tiny circles, their lips barely touching one another's. I saw a pink flash of Georgia's tongue and heard Stacy's soft, high pitched moan. I had already lost.

Georgia grew much more insistent. Still kissing Stacy, she climbed over her, captured her face between her hands, straddled her, and hungrily explored her mouth. The room echoed with the sounds of their grunting, sighing, and the wet sounds of their mouths. My cock was hard as a rock.

Eventually, Georgia took her mouth off of Stacy's. "So, who kisses the best?"

"You do." Stacy breathlessly replied.

"What's my score?"

"Oh God, a fifteen."

"Hah!" Georgia said proudly.

"Okay sis, you win." 

The two girls gave each other a high five. "Oh don't worry Stevie. Here, I'll show you how to do it." To Stacy: "Just lean back again and relax."

"Now close your eyes Stevie and get up close to her, so that you can feel the heat and the breath from her lips. Can you feel it?"

"Yes." 

"Now, touch them together. Don't worry about what you are doing or what you are going to do. Just concentrate on your own pleasure."

I moved my lips against Stacy's, this time not thinking about what I was going to do to give her pleasure. I just reveled in the tingly feel of our lips touching together.

"See? Your pleasure is her pleasure. She feels everything that you feel. Keep going."

I touched my tongue to Stacy's lips and traced them, exploring the sensations created by each contour of her mouth. Then I could feel Georgia's mouth, and I made room for her, sharing her with Stacy. We kissed there together, sometimes all at once, other times waiting impatiently for a free mouth to open. It was one of the most intensely erotic experiences in my life. I was almost taken by surprise when I felt Georgia's hand groping my crotch, and pulling on my zipper.

I looked down to see that Georgia had been a busy girl. Stacy's skirt had been pulled up and her panties hung around her thighs. The moist pink lips of her sex were visible beneath her blonde triangle of hair. 

Georgia once again straddled Stacy while she kissed her. This time she ground her hips, slowly rising and falling, as she explored her mouth. While Georgia kept the younger woman occupied, I made myself useful and took my pants off. 

Georgia grew more insistent, almost fucking Stacy's mouth with her own, demanding, "I want you so bad Stacy. I've got to have you," between mouthfuls.

I reached beneath Stacy's miniskirt, and she closed her legs together so I could pull her panties off. The crotch was damp from her arousal. I slid my hand up her thigh, and she spread her legs wide, making herself available to my probing fingers.

Georgia was on her knees, straddling Stacy now, running her fingers through her hair, and grinding her hips against her chest. "Do you want it Stacy? You do, don't you. I bet your pussy wants to feel my brother's fat juicy cock, doesn't it? Go on, tell me what you want Stacy."

"I want it. Oh God, fuck me with your fat cock," Stacy moaned.

Georgia placed her knee beside Stacy's head, and was grinding her miniskirt-clad crotch against the girl's face. "Go on Stevie, let her feel what she's missing."

I lifted Stacy's legs and prepared to shove my cock in her wet pussy, but Georgia stopped me. "No. Do it just like the kiss. Nice and slow, concentrate on the feelings."

I sought to control my urges, and teased the mouth of her sex with my cock, even going so far as to slide it up and down her lips as if I were fucking her. Stacy moaned loudly, begging me, "Please fuck me. Oh God, let me feel it."

"You want to feel it Stacy?" Georgia said, her skirt slowly drifting ever higher, as she ground against Stacy's face. Soon, the white globes of her ass were visible. She wasn't wearing any panties and her sex was shaved smooth. I looked underneath her ass, and watched as she pleasured herself against Stacy's face. 

At first, Stacy refused to open her mouth, but she willingly allowed her face to be used.

"I want to feel it too Stacy. Let me feel your lips," Georgia breathed. 

Stacy was hesitant. With her lips closed tightly, she kissed the petals of Georgia's sex. 

Georgia said, "That's it baby. Do it for me." To me: "Give her your fat cock. Shove it in her pussy."

I was happy to oblige, sinking in on one long stroke. Her pussy was wet and extremely tight, just the way I liked it. 

Before I could begin to fuck her, Georgia stopped me. "No. Just keep it in there. I want Stacy to concentrate on my pussy." 

Stacy grew a bit more daring, stuck out the tip of her pink tongue, and sampled Georgia's flavor. She must have liked the flavor; she immediately fell into a rhythm of tonguing and sucking her crinkled lips.

"Slow down Stacy. I want you to take your time and get to know my cunt. Learn my flavor. Inhale my scent. What is the texture of my lips? How big is my clit? I want you to learn every nook and cranny."

Stacy slowed down and slowly licked up and down, exploring every inch of Georgia's smooth shaven slit. You never would have suspected it was her first time eating pussy.

"Oh baby, you are licking my pussy good! Rotate your hips clockwise and fuck my brother's fat cock."
