 Chapter One - American Cousin

Sitting there at the kitchen table in the fading afternoon light, she found that the pain was still there as she re-read the tattered, edge-worn note written in that familiar feminine hand-writing:

"Oh Gerald, I know I shouldn't write this but I really want you o know how good you make me feel. I'll send this to you at work but you already know that if you've just got it. Silly me. That's your fault isn't it. What did you say you'd do? Ride me silly? Oh boy I think you did that for sure. And you know it too don't you.

I hope you're looking forward to this Saturday as much as I am. We might even make it to the bed this time. So you liked my black stockings then. I might wear them again. But only if you promise to control yourself. Is reading this making you as horny as writing it is making me? I'd love to think you were sitting there at work with your prick all hard and you feeling so horny you want to pull it. Save it for Saturday. I want all your lovely hot spunk.

I wasn't lying when I told you I'd never seen so much spunk before. You're a right horny one. They say it's always the quiet ones you should look out for. You weren't quiet yesterday were you. I loved it when you were saying such dirty things to me. You have a dirty tongue on you. You were right. I did need a good hard riding. And you gave it to me too. Oh Gerald I miss you. I miss your lovely prick up me. Are you hard now? Poor baby. If I was there I'd be under your desk giving you a good hard sucking. I'd probably choke on all that spunk. Don't worry. I'd drink every drop. I wouldn't want to ruin your suit. Or maybe you'd have me over the desk. A good hard ride right now would give us both an appetite for lunch. Another ruined pair of stockings would be a small price to pay for such a good time. You and your spunk!! Spunky Ger I think I'll call you from now on. Well you save it all up for Saturday. I wish it would hurry up and get here. Just think. A whole day? What will we do to pass all that time? I'm sure we'll come up with something. Kisses and miss you and your lovely hard prick.

Janet"

Valerie folded the letter and put it once more into a small compartment in her bag. She didn't know why she'd kept it. It was a painful reminder of an affair her husband had had some years ago. An affair that was long over. It had been a rocky time, but now their marriage was strong again. Still she found herself reading the letter sometimes when she was alone. It no longer roused strong feelings in her but she could never bring herself to throw it away. She got up and made coffee. It was after 5 PM. Her husband would be home soon.

Almost on cue he turned the key and entered. He started talking - immediately -- a long outpouring.

"Val, I should have called, but it happened so suddenly. Mister Williams  called me into the office to meet a chap from our US parent company"

"Relax and tell me" she said as she handed him his coffee. She bristled inwardly to hear him refer to his boss as Mister but she let it pass.

"Anyway he's over here for two weeks and they asked me to recommend a good hotel and as I was telling them Mister Williams just said to me "didn't you used to take in guests?" and I said 'yes, but not in some time/' and the damn Yank started saying he hated the formality of hotels and would be much more comfortable in a guesthouse and well, before I knew what I was doing I was inviting him to stay here"

"What?" Valerie was stunned. "You can un-invite him. Let him go somewhere else"

"You know how yanks are. He was fucking impossible to put off and before I knew it he was getting in the car." Her husband explained.

"You mean he's here? NOW? " Valerie said, alarmed.

"Yes" her husband bowed his head. "Waiting outside."

"Well you better invite him in then" she said, angry, but resigned.

James was aware of the burden this was placing on Gerald's wife. To have a stranger descend on you completely by surprise, uninvited, probably unwanted, really.  He had suggested that he wait a minute in the car, while Gerald prepared his wife. "Not that she can have much choice with me standing out here with my luggage," he thought wryly. But he was accustomed to occasional discomfort as he traveled the world. It is such a pleasure to live in a home instead of a dumpy little hotel in some of these small towns. It was too inviting to resist, so sometimes he accepted.

To be fair, he had seen Gerald's wife from afar at lunch, earlier in the day. Gerald's boss, Gordon Williams, had pointed across his pint of bitter and his plate of Plaice, peas and chips at the pub. She looked well put together and pretty, sitting there, knees tight together, on the stool by the low round table in the corner. He had to admit that was part of his reason for agreeing so eagerly to accept Gerald's rather forced invitation.

She looked quite inviting, sitting there listening to her three friend's comments. He judged that she was rather quiet, letting others babble on while she thought things through before speaking. James thought also, that her thoughts might be surprisingly intuitive, probably taking the conversation in surprising directions compared to outward appearances.  The possibility of that was irresistible as he so enjoyed women who had a mind of their own without being so boorishly intent on appearing assertive as was the popular tendency these days.

He judged her to be in her mid-thirties, liked the softness a few extra ounces gave her figure, liked the way her smile came quickly when it came, the way her teeth showed when she smiled.  "Pretty, isn't she" he said to his host.

"Yes, yes... I suppose she is... hadn't paid that much attention, I guess," the older man commented idly. James suspected he was lying in the bullshit way the Brit business men have about them.  Still, Williams was a decent sort and he was very hospitable and determined that James' stay should be as comfortable as possible.

James found himself distracted from Williams's business talk, by watching Valerie, as he found her name to be. She had crossed one knee over the other now and was leaning on it; her hand cupping her chin as she listened intently to the attractive blond speaking animatedly across the table from her. He could just see the translucent, warm natural color of the nylon over her knee, the white spot caused where her crossed leg rested against the other one. Her breasts, under her big fluffy sweater, seemed medium sized, not overwhelming the rest of her; you were just aware of them, of their potential for discovered beauty. He could see from her profile the loveliness of their curve, so subtle and restrained as her bra supported their weight, helping, enhancing their natural opulence and grace.

"Yes," he said aloud to himself "I noticed Valerie!" The cool evening air stimulated his thoughts.

'Oh, James, can you come through now?" Gerald was calling from the door.  "It's all right, she is not going to bite! He laughed, then muttered to himself, "Either of us!"

He dropped his bag at the door and followed toward the large country- style kitchen where Valerie met him at the door, her smile perhaps slightly forced, but a smile anyway. 

She had an apron over the sweater and skirt she had worn today in the pub. I saw now that it had grayish flecks in it and was of soft luxurious looking lambs wool that draped down the upper slopes of her breasts, rounding the prominence of her nipples hidden someplace there at the summit. The neck cuddled her neck in a wide roll. The effect over all was of quiet quality.

Her reddish brown flannel skirt, buttoned down the side, hung just above her rather nice knees. Her tights are charcoal in this light, whereas I had thought much lighter from across the pub. Still, he hadn't been so far off, he thought... pretty.

"Val, this is Mister Carmody" her husband introduced him

He took her hand, warm and firm.

"Call me James, please, he smiled. Mister makes me sound like a Grandfather." Already he could see her softening toward him. He could feel a warmth toward her already, he thought.

"Come sit down, then... James, is it?" she had a natural warmth and genuine-ness that was appealing. It probably surprised her husband how this seemed to come through to strangers. How she was so much more quickly a friend with others than he was.

James noticed that she had changed from low heels at noon to her flat shoes tonight, making a slight but perceptible difference in the look of her breasts against the lambs wool. Less prominent - no less promising than before - he smiled at using the words together rather cleverly.  James was fond of entertaining himself in this way.

He followed her slightly swaying hips under the flannel skirt, gazing at the hollows at the back of her knees as she lead him to the dining room.  The table was set with two candles, his place was at the side and she and Gerald sat on the ends. Her smile was easier now. 

James realized that he was being seductive. He really liked her. She was being seductive in her own way, too. "Seductive" in the way they were trying to draw each other into and through the joy of conversation, not so much the way the word is usually used in trying to get some one into bed as quickly as possible. Though, looking at her through the candlelight, watching the candles dance in her eyes, he realized that he might mean that as well. Her cheeks were rosy now in the candleglow.  Perhaps it was the hot oven she had taken the chafing dish from. Or... something else.

Chapter Two - After Dinner Drinks

Valerie was serving coffee now. The conversation over dinner had warmed to something close to a budding friendship. Gerald had become expansive and talked easily as if to an old school friend now, now that they had shared a number of lubricating drinks. They were on brandy with the coffee now and James found himself staring at Valerie's breast so close to him as she stood close warming his coffee with a dollop of the brandy.  He thought sardonically, that it was not only the coffee she was warming.

"Ah, fair maiden, you warm the cockles of my heart!" he said, perhaps a little too theatrically. Valerie smiled back, so he knew it was all right.

"I think you're warming more than his cockles, sweetie. Eh, James?"  Gerald said it with a show of the camaraderie of men, winking broadly to James and swatting her lightly on her ample bottom, hugging her to him with the next wave of his arm. 

James was too cautious to fall in the trap of going completely on the side of "all men are swine" with Gerald, but he chuckled quietly to show that he did indeed appreciate Gerald's wife and that he appreciated Gerald's humor. It was a bit stronger than appreciation, he thought, but no need to let that out!

She let him press her close, laughed as he nuzzled the side of her breast, not too obviously, but a bit too much in front of this stranger in their home. Valerie suggested going off to bed. "Morning will be here before we know it"

"Yes, me for an early bed!" James responded "I'm all screwed up on the time since I got off the flight. I'll keep you up to all hours if you let me." 

"Too late for an Early bed, James! It's after midnight and Gerald will be expected in on time, though you should have special consideration and not have to be there at the crack of dawn." She looked up into his eyes with a warm "good night" sort of smile as he stood up, offering to take his cup to the Kitchen.

"Never mind, James, I'll take care of all that in the morning!"

James protested, but Gerald was on his feet, if a bit on the wobbly side, they both were, he and James. "Off we go, James, it's no good arguing with her, has her own way of doing things does my Val!"

He watched as Valerie stretched toward the ceiling with a show of weariness. Her breasts were pulled up and cradled by the gesture, sort of centering themselves in a lovely curve like a large necklace or south sea island hammock around her lovely neck.  He was having trouble keeping his eyes off her. He decided to make his way upstairs before he made some blundering mistake and spoiled it.

Gerald had his arm slung low around her hips now as she stood next his chair, where Gerald had sat down again. 

"Yes, well, I'm afraid I will need to turn up pretty early, as well," he assured her, watching as she encouraged her husband toward his bed.

They had put his luggage in the small bedroom next to their own, the other bedroom being under alteration. James unpacked, stripped off his tie and shirt, and examined his diary for tomorrow, thinking he would give them a little time to settle down with their preparation for bed.  He found his shaving kit and strolled down the hall for the bathroom, toothbrush in hand. He always felt a bit awkward in an unfamiliar private home.

He quickly realized that the bathroom was occupied, the door open just by a few inches, the light shinning through the opening. He started to retreat, then halted as his eyes adapted to the bright and the dark of the hallway. Through the opening, he could see the mirror on the wall.  And in it, his reason for pausing rather than beating a hasty retreat to his room.

Valerie was there, her image clear in the large mirror. She was leaning to remove her tights, or just finishing. His heart beat heavily as he gazed transfixed at the view down the front of her bra, her breasts falling away from her chest as she bent from the waist. The brilliance of her white bra was slightly dazzling in his eyes, the darkness between her breasts an inviting abyss to fall into. As she stood erect, she dropped the tights and panties in a fluffy pile on the top surrounding the sink. She turned, giving him a sidelong view of her hip, smooth and round, the prominent curve of her mound and the dark curls proudly bristling out, softening the line of her body, emphasizing the curve, tantalizing his eyes.

He snapped back from his reverie as she raised her arms over her head and dropped a clinging cream-colored full slip down over her head, settling on the high points of her breasts and her hips, delightfully falling in place. Quickly, he stepped back to his room and slipped quietly inside.  He could almost feel her scent as she strode past toward her room. 

When he heard the door close quietly, he stepped into the hall again and returned to the bathroom. It was getting on toward being a matter of urgency, given the quantity of liquids he had drunk without making a stop. He snapped the door closed, then realized that the lock was not easy to make secure. You had to lift it a bit to make it close properly.  So that was why it had been open and gave him such a richly rewarding view of lovely Valerie and her opulent curves.

Unzipping, he fished out his cock, noticing that his admiration of Valerie had left him with indelicately referred to in "man talk" as "Lovers' Balls." He had been so aroused for so long, gazing at Valerie more or less steadily or as often as he could safely turn her direction, that his balls indeed ached with the pent-up tension which had gone unrelieved. That, plus the fact that thinking of her had given him a partial erection again made it impossible for him to piss. He stood laughing quietly to himself, waiting for one or both problems to subside enough to permit his water to flow and at least relieve that part of his problem.

He was still smiling to himself, leaning an elbow against the wall, the other hand holding his cock to direct the stream, when things cleared and his stream of water splashed loudly into the pool of water. "Loud enough to raise the devil" passed through his mind and he aimed for the side of the bowl away from the water. "That's better." He muttered.  "Ahhhhhhhhh!!! It lasted quite awhile, so full was his bladder. His cock was still half at attention. "Wow, he thought, not sure... can live this close to someone... soft and attractive." He had begun to slur a bit, leaving out the shorter words in his drunkenness, but it felt good to be so loose.

He brushed his teeth after a fashion. Staring at his image in the mirror, he imagined her image in the mirror alongside his image.  Noticing how the overhead light was so bright that it made the scattered gray stand out among his dark hair. He was aware that it was not really that unattractive, though he was always surprised when he noticed it under such a light as this. "Bloody prematurely gray," he muttered, grinning at his vanity.

He took an aspirin and packed up his kit, turning off the light before opening the door to avoid waking his host and hostess. He slipped silently down the hall. He thought he heard something and stood still in the hall like a wild animal in the forest, his ears straining. The noise was coming from their room, not far away from his. James started into his room, then stopped again and listened. He could not resist it.

" I hope it's warm for me" he heard Gerald's voice. Not too loud, but delivered with a certain quiet forceful fullness which made it carry clearly. 

"Shhhh" 

James smiled at the husband and wife dialog, he a little drunk, she wanting it too, but not as a public spectacle, she was quieting him. He imagined the man's hand on Valerie's breast, the nipple now coming to prominence, hardening, stiffening under the rolling touch of his fingers. "You want this do you? Want my big cock up your cunt? Got you a bit randy, didn't he?" 

Shhhhhhhh... please! Here, let me!..." 

Then a masculine laugh carried through the house. "yes he did, that Yank son of a bitch was charming your pants off, wa'n't he? Well!!! Wa'n't he?"   His voice was teasing, urging her excitement higher as his hands would have found her wetness by now and that she had taken off her panties, her ass soft under the wonderful feel of her slip.

He heard their laughter now, muffled.

Now that his eyes had become accustomed to the dark, he could see a little bit in spite of the dark and he slipped closer. First the bed noises came to his ear, bodies rolling over. Kisses, slightly too noisy in their enthusiasm and his drunkenness. James moved just too close and touched the door, which gave way slightly, making a loud clicking sound in the night silence. He froze. Would he be caught?

The noises resumed, though. He imagined the eager scene beyond the door.  His hands on her round ass cheeks, her hands finding his cock and trying to keep him under control and still hard. She would have to work hard to keep his cock hard enough to help her to her release, as drunk as he was.  James smiled there in the dark.

"Oh, that's it dear, that's it, kiss them, kiss my nipples! Yes, more, more... ohhhhhh...yes, you're so good with my breasts...ahhhhhhh, yes...but not so hard, dear...better..." her soothing voice was musical to James standing so lonely there in the darkened hall.

"Want this? Sure you do! Bring that over here for me... Yes!!!"

"Shhhhhhh...shhhhhhhhhhh!" Her hand would be on him now, James thought, guiding his clumsiness to her center. Urging him to make the most of her excitement; to help her reach that glorious release.

James came closer still peering in at the little crack in the door. He could see a shape in the darkness. With a shock that took him aback, he realized that he was actually seeing Valerie, the whiteness of her bra now standing out in the darkness. 

She was upright, straddling Gerald, his hands on her breasts, her back ramrod straight as she lowered herself over him. James could see her hand disappear between their bodies, and knew that he was right, she was guiding him to her now. It was excruciating to see this little bit of their sex, filling in the details in his mind. 

Her wet, wet, wet pussy lips had been parted with his hardness, she would have forced his semi hard member up along the slit of her pussy lips to kiss her clitoris, let the wetness of her lubricate his cock, making it slip easily as possible into the snugness which was her cunt, past the tight little muscle at the entry, into the deep and warm tunnel of her love.
