 If you've read the first chapter of this story, you'll remember that my girlfriend Georgina admitted to being a member of a secret sex society, a commitment that had passed on to her from her dead husband. Membership meant that she had to hand over her 18-year old daughter Alice to be used by all the members. At the end of the last chapter, after I had taken Alice's virginity in preparation for this ordeal, we decided to refuse to take part. 

This isn't a bonkfest, full of graphic detail phrased in very limited vocabulary. Sorry. If that's what you're after, I suggest you move on elsewhere now. Like the best erotic classics - not that I'd dare to compare my work with them - I believe in a degree of subtlety and in expecting readers to use a little imagination at times. I should also add a reminder, though it should hardly be necessary, that this is a work of fiction and the characters depicted and their activities are purely imaginary. Criticise my plot and my story-telling by all means, but there really isn't a lot of point in criticising the characters' morals. Even the Bible has some dubious people in it. For everyone else, enjoy. 

***** 

I've heard it said that fortune shines on the righteous. I'd never believed that myself - I've seen too many of the decidedly unrighteous doing quite well, thank you - but the way things turned out following the events described in the previous chapter have made me think again. 

I woke the morning after Alice had surrendered her virginity to me feeling a lot less brave than when we'd agreed that we would resist the secret sex society that Georgiana found herself still committed to - it's called the Brotherhood of St. Francis of Wycombe, by the way, a reference to the infamous 18th century Hellfire Club. The man who ran it was a successful businessman and was, by all accounts, not far short of being a psychopath. I'd heard about a few people who had crossed him and they'd not come well out of it. 

It was a high risk strategy but I began to try to think of ways in which we could strike back at him. Getting the tax authorities interested in his affairs was one possibility. People like that tend to resent paying taxes - their philosophy is that they've worked hard for their money and they have no intention of handing it over to support the workshy on state benefits. That makes them apt to cut corners and that gives them a vulnerability. I researched on the internet and came up with the name of someone who had worked for him for a while and who might be a disgruntled ex-employee. He was, but he'd only heard rumours about tax dodging and other short cuts that went on and had nothing concrete to help us. 

I contacted a TV documentary maker who specialised in unmasking crooked businessmen. He was interested but, in the absence of upfront evidence, it would take a long time to bring about the result we wanted - and we had less than two weeks. 

Then, with only a few days to go, the Panama Papers scandal burst; over 11 million leaked financial documents detailed how wealthy people hid their money and revealed offences such as money laundering, tax evasion, fraud, and evading international sanctions. Three of the names on the list just happened to be those of the leading lights of the Brotherhood. The next meeting - at which Alice was to have appeared - was suddenly cancelled, with urgent business meetings cited as the reason. The three men vanished, presumably to some country which wasn't bothered about extradition agreements, and haven't been heard of since. In their absence the Brotherhood crumbled. We were off the hook. Fortune had shone on us. 

***** 

That left Georgina, Alice and me having a wonderful time. Georgina had discovered that she really enjoyed sharing me with Alice. The jealousy she'd feared simply didn't arise. In her eyes, I was a gift she was able to give the daughter she loved, much as she would want to share a lottery win or a prize holiday with her. She wanted her daughter to have the best and, as far as she was concerned, I was at least close to it. If that weren't enough, she thrilled to the idea that Alice was experiencing all the things her own body experienced with me. 

Of course, I worked hard to make sure that Georgina knew she was number one in my affections but that was a small price to pay for the delights of fucking both mother and daughter. It was an exciting experience. There were likenesses between them but surprising differences too and I took great delight in exploring them. To be blunt and crude, it doesn't come better than having two different cunts constantly available, side by side, one after the other. As for Alice, it turned out that she much preferred an older, more experienced man at this stage of her sexual development. She seemed distinctly unimpressed by guys of her own age group. 

We got a Super King Size bed for the times when all three of us wanted to be together, but there were times when I would spend the night with just one of them. They would decide between them who it was to be and the decision was always made on a deeply loving basis. Sometimes they never let on to me who I would have in my bed that night and I only got to find out when the bedroom door opened. At times, though, one of them would slip me a little blue pill a while before bedtime, which was a sign that I was going to have a busy evening satisfying both of them. 

You're going to wonder, I know, whether there was ever any sexual contact between Georgina and Alice. The answer is yes, but it started very tentatively and it took time to develop. To start off with, Georgina would lie beside us while I fucked Alice. She loved to watch my cock sliding into her daughter - the most beautiful sight she could imagine, she said. On the odd occasion she would take my cock in her hand and position it at Alice's tight entrance - she felt that that was really giving me to the young girl. She told me once that, if she sucked me to full erection first, it was as if she was creating the gift she was about to give to her daughter. 

She loved watching Alice's face as she slipped into the ecstasy of orgasm and she would shower her with kisses and whisper sweet things in her ear. That started early on. Alice loved it too. It seemed to prolong the orgasm for her and, when the whispers turned more explicit, it had even been known to induce a second. 

It was only a small step on to gentle caresses, running her fingertips over Alice's body, before, after and while I was fucking her. At first it was simply a gentle massage but it became more sexual when Georgina began to touch her daughter's breasts and nipples. She was fascinated by Alice's nipples, which were darker and more prominent than her own, despite Georgina's breasts being slightly larger. Georgina soon realised that Alice came more intensely if her nipples were stimulated while she was being fucked. 

In fact, the two of them were fascinated by each other's bodies and they could spend ages studying each other in almost a non-sexual way, unafraid to ask deeply intimate questions of each other, but sometimes it was obvious that they found the answers arousing. Georgina loved the way in which Alice's inner labia peeked through the outer lips; her own outer labia met in a tight slit that revealed nothing and, indeed, her inner labia were tiny. When she parted her legs the open entrance to her body was revealed. Alice, in turn, found that enchanting. 

'There's nothing to stop him sliding straight into you', she said on one occasion. 'The way you open up shows how much you want to fuck him.' 

They loved to observe the effects of love-making on each other's bodies and the changes that arousal brought about. They would ask what the other was feeling and experiencing and the answers were often explicit. I sometimes found this a bit off-putting - it could make me feel as if I was simply a human dildo - but at other times it added to the eroticism. 

Over time both Georgina and Alice became more adventurous with each other. They would hold each other open for me to penetrate, they began to explore between each other's legs, feeling the way the other was spread open around my cock, and in time that led to fingers touching clits. I would fuck one of them doggy fashion from behind, while the other lay beneath, able to watch from below as cock and cunt came together. Touching followed watching. The one beneath usually found it hard to resist masturbating, until eventually, of course, the one above took over the role of touching and licking the one below. 

It wasn't just a matter of fucking in bed. The freedom we had meant that we could fuck anywhere in the house at any time we chose. I particularly loved to interrupt one of the girls while she was cooking or standing at the sink and bend her over for an impromptu fucking. Sometimes the other would come in and take over whatever task I had interrupted, seeming to ignore the vigorous sex going on a few feet away. For some reason I found that especially arousing. 

Sometimes I would decide that I was going to fuck one of them, or one of them would announce they were going to fuck me. The remaining one would undress the two of us and make me erect with hand or mouth before watching the fucking take place. I might pause the proceedings and withdraw my cock from whichever cunt it was in, offering it to the mouth of the other, before resuming. 

Impromptu sex with Alice could be amazing. She had the flexibility of youth and I might, for example, tell her to spread her legs and touch her toes so that I could penetrate her. She might cling round my neck and wrap her legs round my back before sinking onto my cock and bringing herself off by bouncing up and down it, knowing that my orgasm would swiftly follow hers. You'd have thought that Georgina might have been a bit envious of these displays of athleticism but she wasn't. The way she looked at it was that I was getting the chance of exciting sex with a fit young woman without sneaking off to have an affair. 

Sometimes we would play games. If we were watching a sexy drama on the TV, the girls might take my cock out of my trousers (if we weren't already naked) and play One Suck at a Time. Each of them alternated to take me into their mouths and give me one suck. The one in whose mouth I emptied myself was the winner. They became skilled cheats, extending the definition of 'one suck' considerably. They also became very good at judging how close I was to cumming. There were similar games that I played with them. 

Another game was Don't Move. I would sit on a chair and one of them would stand astride me, facing away, and lower herself on me. Our task was to remain perfectly still, me fully erect and penetrated deep inside her, for as long as possible. The other would whisper things to us, make explicit comments, or touch and caress the pair of us, trying to make the two of us start thrusting at each other. That was very, very challenging. If we could stay still for thirty minutes, the one mounted on me got to complete the fucking. If we failed to last the thirty minutes, the other got to offer herself to me. The competition could get fierce. 

Two in the Bush was fun too. The pair of them would kneel on the sofa, hip to hip, facing and holding on to the back of the sofa, rumps raised in the air, legs apart. I would thrust into each of them in turn, a few strokes in one, then a few strokes in the other, their combined juices building up on me. Before long, all you could hear were the sloppy sounds of very wet sex. 

Strangely, the one thing we didn't indulge in was anal sex. Georgiana had experienced it with her second husband and with the Brotherhood, and it was painful memories of the latter that had put her off. It was always intended that Alice should experience anal in preparation for her appearance at the Brotherhood but with that no longer hovering over us, we'd agreed that I should introduce her to it one day but not yet. Georgiana most likely wanted to give her memories time to fade first. 

It was, in all, a lifestyle that was about as idyllic as it could be. The easy familiarity that existed between us was a delight. We didn't realise how easy it had become - or how obvious it was - until the three of us went on holiday together to the Greek Islands. We became friendly with another couple there. Like Georgina, the wife of the couple had a daughter (she was on holiday with a bunch of friends back home), to whom her second husband was step-father. 

One day she and Georgina went for a walk together. Later Georgina revealed that the woman had asked her bluntly whether the three of us were in a sexual relationship together. It turned out that the woman's daughter had just passed her 18th birthday and was becoming very close to her step-father and she thought it quite likely that the two of them would fuck one day soon. She wondered if she should make it clear that she would be happy if that occurred and even happier if the three of them shared a relationship. Georgina told her how our relationship worked and suggested a few things for the woman to think about before she set off to follow our path. 

A few weeks after our return from holiday, Georgina received a short text message. 

'Bingo! Thank you. It's wonderful.' 

***** 

Normally, we were careful not to reveal anything of our situation to others. It wasn't that we were doing anything wrong or illegal; it was just that very few people would understand. 

It was hard on Alice, of course. Her female friends, in particular, couldn't understand why she showed no interest in having a boyfriend and they would often quiz her and even try to matchmake. One or two were convinced that she must be a lesbian who had yet to come out. If only they'd known the truth! 

We had to be very careful if one of her friends came round to visit. It helped that Alice still had 'her own room', but even that wasn't foolproof. It was the room that both Alice and Georgina used when the other was having a one-to-one night with me in the main bedroom. One day, Alice took her best friend Petra up to 'her room' for some girl chat. Petra happened to notice that quite a few of the things in the room were Georgina's and she asked outright whether Georgina slept in the room sometimes. Caught unawares, Alice admitted that she did. 

'So where do you sleep, then?' 

Fortunately, by this time Alice's brain had clicked into overdrive. 

'Oh no, it's only when I'm staying with granny'. 

Petra clearly wasn't convinced. A couple of weeks later she'd told Alice that she wished she knew what really went on in our household - we all seemed to be so happy. 

That spurred us to sit down with Alice and talk to her. We explained that we understood that keeping our secret from her closest friends couldn't be easy. In turn, she admitted that sometimes she so much wanted to be open with Petra but she'd held back. We told her that our concern was that word might spread and some of her so-called friends might turn out to be anything but and might say unpleasant and hurtful things if they got to know the truth. We also made it clear to Alice that one day she might decide that our relationship had run its course and she would want to end it. We told her that we'd both be sad when that day came - and one day it undoubtedly would - but we would accept her decision. 

***** 

One evening, a few weeks later, Alice had gone out to watch a film with her friends, leaving Georgina and I to spend a quiet night in together. 'Quiet night' is, as you will appreciate, a euphemism. Georgina and I spent the evening fucking each other. Fucking when we were on our own in the house was something of a luxury. Even when we had a one-on-one night together, there was still the thought that Alice was just a room or two away and was probably listening to our love-making. This was just between us. 

We flung our clothes off and began the evening with an urgent pounding fuck on the lounge floor. It was hard and desperate with not an ounce of finesse. Georgina knelt on a cushion; I entered from behind and pounded into her. My stomach pummelled into her behind and my balls slapped against her clit and mound. 

'Oh God, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me hard. Just fuck me. Deeper, deeper, deeper...' 

She yelled and yelled and it was difficult to tell when she started to cum and when it ended. Eventually I thrust myself as far up inside her cunt as I could and emptied myself into her depths. The two of us collapsed onto the floor, me still on top of her, still erect inside her. My cock continued to twitch as if trying to expel every last drop of cum into her body. Her cunt squeezed me as she contracted. 

I stayed inside her for as long as I could and then rolled off. She turned over to face me. 

'Now take me to bed', she said, 'and make gentle love to me.' 

We did just that. I spent a good part of the next hour gently stroking and caressing her body, finding all the places that either excited or relaxed her, while I recovered. I was tender with her nipples. When I went down on her it was with lingering touches of my tongue on her clit and labia and around the entrance to her cunt. When, at last, she was moaning almost continually, I slipped into her and began long, languorous strokes into and out of her body. Before long, she came to a shuddering orgasm. When she came down from it, there were tears of happiness in her eyes. My own orgasm was a minor affair in comparison but it wasn't that long since I'd given all that I had. 

We decided to dress after our love-making. What we'd just experienced was private between us and we preferred that Alice remained unaware of it. I'm sure she'd a pretty good idea of what we might have been getting up to, though. 

As it happened, our decision to get dressed was fortuitous because, shortly after ten o'clock, Alice arrived home with Petra. We all sat down in the lounge and I poured us all glasses of wine while the girls talked animatedly about the film they'd seen. 

Once we were all settled, Alice turned to us. 

'I want us to tell Petra about our life here together. She's my best friend and I don't feel right about keeping secrets from her.' 

She paused, as if waiting for some sign from us that we were ok with this. We both nodded our agreement. 

'I'm not sure that all of this will come as a surprise to her, she continued. 'She knows how happy we all are and I think she's got a good idea what's behind it.' 

Petra took that as a cue to say something. 'You've slightly given the game away', she explained to Alice. 'You don't seem the slightest interested in boyfriends but you seem to act as if you're, well, relaxed about sex. When I talk to the other girls, we want to know what sex is all about; you don't have any questions - you just seem to know. You've got to have a secret lover and, when it comes down to it, there's only one person who could fit the bill.' 

She looked straight at me. 

'Perhaps it would help if I explained how it all came about', Georgina said to her, 'but first you have to promise that what I 'm going to say won't go outside these four walls.' And with that she began to tell the whole story. 

Petra sat there in silence, taking in Georgina's every word, looking at each of us in turn. As Georgina came to the end of the story, she simply smiled. 

'I am so envious', she said. 'I wish I could swap places with Alice.' 

She reached out and kissed Georgina on the cheek, then Alice, and then me. 

'I know it's a lot to ask', she said, 'and Alice doesn't know I'm going to ask this, but I'd love to join the three of you, just once. It would make me so happy to share in your happiness.' 

Georgina looked at each of us in turn: Petra, Alice and me. 

'It's getting late', she said, 'and we've all got things to do tomorrow. The weekend's another matter, though. Why don't you come over on Friday evening and spend the whole weekend with us?' 
