 To say it was a day like any other would be completely wrong. I am talking about my 23rd birthday. I was in the military and was stationed in a college town in the south and was feeling acutely homesick for my family up north. In fact, I was out of it pretty much the whole day and I couldn't concentrate.

Anyway, I went to the ballfields after work to play for my office softball team and things didn't look up much. Granted, we did win and I did smack a few decent hits, but I was still in a funk and I actually proceeded to get a bit drunk while at the game.


Since I was single and wasn't seeing anyone on a regular basis, I got cleaned up and took myself to dinner at a local restaurant that I was a semi-regular at and managed to at least get a quick birthday kiss from my favorite waitress while downing quite a few more beers than I really needed.

I resigned myself to finishing up my birthday sitting alone on my apartment's balcony, propping my feet up, and polishing off all the beer in my fridge. I'd actually made a decent amount of progress towards that goal when the phone rang. Figuring it was my parents calling to wish me a happy birthday, I was a bit surprised to hear Vikki on the phone. Vikki and I had been an "off and on" couple over the last 6 months or so, not really dating but just having fun from time to time. In fact, I'm kind of wondering why I hadn't called her.

She told me she remembered that today was my birthday and she just wanted to give me a call and wish me a good one. I couldn't believe she had actually remembered, since I honestly didn't remember telling her when my birthday was.

Vikki asked me if I was up to going out and doing something, since it was obvious that I wasn't too thrilled at the idea of staying at home all alone. As lame as this sounds, we decided to go bowling. I told her that she'd have to drive though, since I was in no way sober enough to drive. She said she'd be more than happy to. I found out later that it suited her just fine. So we went bowling and had a great time. I'd had better games score-wise, but I think that was the best time I'd ever had bowling. Vikki was all smiles, and very playful and suggestively provocative the whole time, and I was grinning and laughing from the time we walked in until we left.

I guess I should describe Vikki now to give you an idea of why I was so happy. She was fairly tall, about 5' 8", and very nicely put together. Her sandy-blonde hair was naturally curly and came down in a full mane to about the middle of her back, just below her shoulder blades. She loved to flip her hair around and peer through it with crystal clear green eyes that could make a man melt. I also knew from past experience that she was very athletic and enjoyed a good roll in the hay. Thinking back now, I don't know why we never clicked as a full-time couple.

The night was still young, so Vikki said she had an idea. And what an idea! We went to a local park and started out acting just like kids; we pointed at the geese in the little stream and laughed about silly stuff and finally went over to the playground area. She got in one of the swings and I gave her a push and got her going. Next I got in the swing next to her and got going, but not quite as fast or as high.

Next thing I knew, she had hopped out of her swing, grabbed the chains of mine and brought me to a stop. She asked me in a husky voice if I was ready for part of my birthday present. All I could manage was an enthusiastic nod. Vikki dropped down to her knees right there as I was still sitting in the swing and put her mouth around my cock through my shorts. I was already in heaven from her warm breath and it didn't take me long to get hard. She pulled up her shirt to reveal a lacy white bra holding her ample breasts in place and nonchalantly reached back and set them free before her hands went to work on my belt and zipper.

Once the zipper was undone, my cock sprang out seemingly of it's own will. Waiting eagerly for this was my wonderful little cocksucker. She slowly took the head between her velvety soft lips and sucked on just the head, making me want to climb out of swing and stand there, feeding my entire length to her. As if she could read my thoughts, she easily took my entire shaft down her throat in one agonizingly slow movement.

While she was feasting on my prick, I began to tease her nipples, which were very pale pink, and puffy. They immediately crinkled into little buds of pleasure at my touch. I continued to gently caress those wondrous mounds as my sexy Vikki bobbed up and down with an increasing tempo.

Before too long, I realized I was nearing the point of no return. As I felt my orgasm rising through my groin, I smoothed her gorgeous mane of hair back from her face, so we could look each other in the eyes. At this she slowed down and took my cock from her mouth and licked her way down it's length and wrapped her tongue around first one of my balls and then the other. She then licked back up and swirled her tongue around the head and then used just the tip of it on the super soft and sensitive underside of the head. I couldn't hold back any longer and my balls erupted, sending my sperm all over her tongue and into her mouth. She didn't miss a drop and eagerly swallowed my load. I pulled her up and kissed her passionately, tasting my cum in her mouth. She didn't expect this, but evidently it made her even hotter since she began moaning deeply and breathing heavier. She eased down until she was lying on the grass, and I was on top of her in a heartbeat.

I licked my way from her mouth back to her ear and then down her neck. At this point I just had to get that shirt of hers all the way off, so she lifed her back just far enough to let me get it off her, followed quickly by her bra that had been dangling from her shoulders.

I eagerly kissed and licked my way down her flat stomach pausing just long enough to tug gently at her navel ring with my teeth. I unfastened her shorts and started pulling them over her hips when we were interrupted by the park's loudspeakers.

"Attention all park patrons. The park is now closed and the parking lot will be secured in 10 minutes. We hope you enjoyed your time at our park and come back again soon." DAMN! Ten minutes barely gave us enough time to get put back together and get our asses to the car.

Still hot and bothered and by no means done for the night, we drove to the University campus and to the lake in the center, also in another park. We saw a sign at the parking lot that the park closed at dark, but the gate was open and there was another car in the lot. Maybe it wasn't closed after all.

To Be Continued...