 Written for my love. I present this story as an example of the intoxicating effect that you have on my imagination.

*

"We're going to be late," Gerald says with a hint of a smirk as Vicky brushes her hair. She's looking at herself in the wall mirror while Gerald sits on the bed. Vicky's silky dark brown hair falls gently with every stroke onto her skin-tight leopard print dress, every bounce flecking her slight natural highlights. She turns her head back to see him while she preens herself. She's a nudge shy of 5', with a round face and dark mocha skin, bearing a hint of caramel. Her eyes, being slightly larger than expected, don't quite match her Filipino heritage, and any other onlooker might suspect that she's Polynesian, or mixed of some sort.

A moment after they lock eyes, she giggles and proclaims, "I know we have lots of time. You always make time for me wanting to look pretty for you." Hearing this, Gerald raises his right eyebrow, as though he's mildly unhappy that she has caught on about this, and then shortly afterwards gets up and moves towards her. Towering over her tiny frame at a whopping 5'10", he stands behind her and wraps his arms around her. He's built like an underwear model, right now wearing a white button-up shirt and charcoal cotton pants. He has a slight tan from going camping recently.

"Actually, we don't. We have to go now." Gerald says matter-of-factly as he gently strokes the hair around her temple with a finger. Vicky looks back at him, somewhat surprised; she can't tell if he's serious or doubling down on a bluff.

She pauses for a moment, and then yields, "Okay, sorry baby."

Just then, Gerald pulls her hair behind her ear and starts nibbling on her earlobe. A moan is let out — he's pushing one of her buttons. Vicky drinks in the feeling of Gerald's tongue delicately caressing her ear, but then realizes, somewhat lethargically, that they have to leave.

"Baby, what are you doing?" Her words don't match her body language as she can't hide the enjoyment in her voice. She slowly arches her back and leans into the stimulation.

Gerald says softly, "My love, focus, we have to go." His hands move along her torso; one of them works its way towards her breast, and the other towards her legs. The feeling of his hands against her, and the anticipation, throws Vicky's head back into the comfortable embrace of his shoulder.

She should focus on getting ready, but her body doesn't want to. Gerald's hand works its way up to her breast, and cups it from outside the dress. The other slides behind her and gropes her ass. Vicky enjoys the unprovoked assault, undeterred by the time constraint.

"Gerald, baby, please, ..." She pauses, and then says with a heavy breath, "Rub my nipple."

"Is that what you want?"

"Please," she huffs.

Rather than giving her what she says she wants, Gerald pushes her up against the wall. Vicky instinctively arches her back and presents her ass to him. From behind her, Gerald moves her hair to the side, and his breath gently falls on the nape of her neck. Goosebumps form on Vicky's upper back as she gasps from the hot air. Gerald can't help but nibble on her neck. The tickle of Gerald's teeth makes Vicky want more. She takes one of his hands and puts it on her breast. After a squeeze, he reaches his hand into her dress and underneath her bra, gently caressing the areola. Vicky breathes in, anticipating the touch against her nipple that she was begging for moments ago. Energy builds up inside her, waiting to be released by the touch, which it seems like she's been waiting for an hour to feel.

The finger finally stops teasing her and touches her nipple directly. A current of tension is quickly released from her as she embraces the rubbing, and she feels her groin begin to lubricate. Gerald works his mouth over her ear and nibbles on her earlobe again while his other hand works its way to her other nipple. His desire for her sets in — her body is preparing itself for his entrance, wanting his touch, aggression, and love.

Gerald's hand works its way down to her groin again while the other continues rubbing her nipple. The rubbing changes to a tugging and light twisting sensation; Vicky doesn't even notice that the other hand had lifted up her dress and gone down her panties until Gerald's fingers were already against her clit. Her mind kicks in for only a moment as she realizes that this escalated and that they were supposed to leave.

"Baby, I love it when you moan for me when I touch you," he coos to her.

With that, he starts alternating between tracing circles on her clit and flicking it up and down.

Vicky's legs buckle — she can't take much more of this. The familiar buildup inside her becomes nearly unbearable. Just as she's getting close to her release— no! He stops and pulls his hand away.

"Sit," Gerald commands her.

Vicky slinks over to the bed and sits, facing him. Unexpectedly for her, Gerald pushes her down and pulls off her pants completely. His face moves towards her pussy, and he simply looks at it, like an animal looking hungrily at a piece of meat. With closed eyes, he breathes over Vicky's pussy, sending a shiver up her spine. The second breath is used to sink his mouth in. Vicky feels his tongue against her clit and her whole body tenses up from the warmth and stimulation. Saliva mixes with her juices and runs down Gerald's face. As he smells her juices and feels her squirming, his cock gets harder and harder. Vicky wants him to keep eating her — her legs buck up and wrap around his head, pulling him in deeper and preventing him from stopping.

Gerald surfaces his face for a moment to breathe.

"Baby, I want you to cum for me, and show me how much you love me," Gerald urges.

With that, he goes back in again, this time pushing harder on her clit with his tongue.

Vicky cries, "Ahhh! Ahhhhhh!"

Gerald can tell that she's approaching her orgasm. Just when she's about to explode, he pulls away from her and stops. She gives him a wide-eyed and shocked look, as if in disbelief about what he just did.

"Oh, look. We have to go." Gerald asserts as he taps on his watch. It's hard for him to contain how funny he finds this denial. Vicky scrunches her face at him, but retains a slight smirk as she collects her clothes.

"Be careful, I might jump on you later," she teases.

"I'm counting on it," Gerald says with a wink.

Vicky gets dressed, they clean themselves up a little bit, and then they head out to the house of their friend Caleb. They weren't late, or even close to it. Gerald did indeed account for delays, and was just bluffing to Vicky to keep her honest and not meta-accounting for his accounting.

Upon arriving, they're greeted by Caleb at the door. He's a tall Asian guy — actually taller than Gerald — donning a black v-neck t-shirt and dark jeans. The house is huge, and his parents are rich. "Hey! Nobody else is here yet. Come in." They sit down together on his couch and Caleb stands a few feet across from them. Caleb, Gerald, Vicky, and some others are going to clubbing together later.

"You guys look great. I'm going to get some drinks for you and the others," Caleb says.

"Sure, thanks Caleb. Let me know if you need any help," Gerald responds. With that, Caleb walks away to the kitchen, which is far enough away that they can't see or hear him.

"Baby, come with me." Gerald grabs Vicky's hand and leads her upstairs. Having been here a few times, he knows the rooms. He leads her into a room with a bed, desk, and navy blue walls. Judging by the arts degree on the wall with Caleb's name on it, Vicky assumes that this is Caleb's room. Gerald brusquely closes the door.

Vicky asks, "Why are we here?"

"I thought it would be fun."

"What do you mean?"

"We shouldn't be here."

"Oh..." She smirks, tilts her head down, and narrows her eyes at him slightly. Gerald knows that she's thinking the same thing as him. Without saying anything more, he moves up to her and kisses her.

Vicky feels very naughty. They shouldn't be here, and yet they're making out. Caleb is a nice guy who volunteered his place and free drinks, and they're going and making out in his room. Gerald's hands work their way down to her ass and grope her as his tongue penetrates her mouth. After what seems like just a minute of making out, she's already dripping wet from the delayed gratification earlier and the naughtiness of their current predicament.

Enough waiting, she decides — she wants it now. Vicky pulls away from him, leans over on Caleb's bed to present her ass, and says huskily to Gerald, "Fuck me now, my love."

Gerald gets behind her and pulls her pants and panties down. A drop of her wetness runs down her legs.

"You're such a dirty girl. Don't you feel any guilt from what we're doing? I'm tempted to tell Caleb to come watch us so that you get even hornier."

Vicky looks behind herself at him, shocked — but part of her wants others to watch. They hear muffled talking from downstairs — some of the others have probably arrived. A feeling of fullness overcomes her and draws her attention away from the noise as Gerald's cock enters her. All she can focus on is how much she wants this and how long she's been waiting.

Thrusting begins, increasing in intensity gradually. Vicky moans and pants as she becomes completely absorbed in the intertwining of their bodies, and how they could be caught at any moment.

Gerald slows down momentarily to tell her, "On the bed, on your hands and knees, now."

This isn't what Vicky wants — she wants him to stay inside her forever, but she does as she's told and pulls away from him. She notices that, in front of her and across from the bed is a full-sized mirror. Shame rushes through her as she stares at herself on all fours, naked, her bodily fluids dripping down her thighs, on a friend's bed, getting fucked.

Gerald gets onto the bed behind her and puts a pillow under her ass, then pushes her down so that she's laying on her front. A pink, soaking wet pussy is staring up at him. He reinserts himself, and then leans over and grabs a fist of her hair, pulling her head up and forcing her to look at herself in the mirror.

"Look at yourself," he roars. "You're getting fucked hard by me in our friend's bed. You're my little dirty girl, and I'm going to make you cum even in a place that you shouldn't."

Vicky cries, "Oh, I'm such a dirty girl! Make me yours! Use my body!"

"Tell me that you're my sex slave, now!"

She screams, "I'M GERALD'S SEX SLAVE! ONLY HIS!"

Neither of them even cares if anyone else hears them. Gerald tenses up, leans over on top of her, and pins her down with his body. The passion of Vicky's surrender to him completely overcomes her, and she feels him approaching his release while he's grunting and holding her tight. Knowing that Gerald is going to cum deep in her pussy sets her over the edge, and she screams out in ecstasy, releasing all of the tension in an orgasm on his cock. Gerald roars as he conquers Vicky's body, shooting spurt after spurt of hot cum deep into her wanting pussy. Wet, silky walls convulse on his cock and milk his sperm as they orgasm together.

Gerald collapses on top of Vicky, and she briefly enjoys the feeling of being full of his warm cock and cum.

He laughs for a moment, and then murmurs, "That was really fun baby. I love fucking you in naughty places."

"Baby, I love you so much. That was amazing. Your desire for me is intoxicating," she blissfully trails off as she turns her head and kisses him on the cheek.

"My Vixen, I love you more than anything. I can't get enough of you." He leans over and delicately kisses her lips.

The cock slides out slowly, and some cum drips out of Vicky's pussy and onto Caleb's bed. They hope that Caleb doesn't notice later, but they don't really care.

While they get up, Gerald directs her, "Don't clean up, just put your panties back on. I want you to feel my cum leaking out of you all night, reminding you that you're mine. It's a mark of my conquest."

A wide smile comes across Vicky's face, and she whispers to him after kissing him again, "My love, I'm always yours."

They get dressed and sneak back downstairs. Nobody notices them come from the stairs, but they run into a bunch of their other friends and Caleb in his living room.

Caleb asks, "Hey, where were you guys?"

"Oh, I had to take a phone call. Vicky just came with me," Gerald responds dismissively, with an emphasis on the word 'came'.

"Hmm, ok." Caleb looks at them slightly suspiciously, but it doesn't seem like anyone is onto them or even heard them. Their tryst has been kept secret.

Later on, they all go out together. When they get to the club, Vicky feels Gerald's cum dripping down her legs, and she shivers, feeling the most feminine she ever has. Thoughts of Gerald won't leave her mind — she wants more. Guys hit on her more frequently than usual during the few times that she's apart from Gerald. Maybe her horniness is obvious to the other men, but she's his, and his only.