 I was working one afternoon in my small hotel. A young man came into the office to inquire about a room _ he was in a word, beautiful. I mean, an almost feminine beauty... until you looked into his eyes. Then you could see that he was very male, and if that look was any indication, he was liking what he saw also! 

So I told him the price per night. He asked if he could see one, and I said sure. I grabbed a key, and locked the office. He followed me up to the top floor, looking at my legs all the way up the stairs. 

I opened the door to the room and walked in, turning the lights on. He came in behind me, and barely looked at the room, even though it was one of our best. "Do you always dress like that for work?" he asked me. I looked down at my floaty silk skirt, silk tank top, and four_inch heels, and said "Pretty much. Why?"

He told me I looked very sexy, and then casually said he'd take the room. I stood back for him to precede me out the door, and he 'accidentally' brushed his arm across my breasts. Of course, he saw my nipples pucker, and he sort of nodded and smiled.

We went back to the office, making small talk, and got him registered. As I do with every guest, I told him to call the office if he needed anything. He winked at me and assured me he would.

About ½ an hour later, the switchboard rang. It was him. He said he needed some towels or something to soak up what looked like a leak. He apologized, said he'd come down for them, but he'd just left the shower. I told him it was no problem, so I grabbed a bunch of towels and a flashlight, and went upstairs again.

He'd left the door open a little, so I knocked and went in. Oh boy..... he only had a towel on, and I saw that his face wasn't the only beautiful part of him. What a body! I’m afraid I stared a little. Then, I don't know why, but I asked him if he usually dressed like that! He laughed and said no, and I said "What a shame, you should!" 

I then asked him to show me where the water was leaking, and we went into the bathroom. It was a pretty tight fit, but he pointed out the water for me. I dropped some towels onto the floor and knelt down on them. I looked under the sink and all around, and didn't see anything. I looked up to tell him this, but my gaze kinda got stuck halfway up. He had an obvious erection happening, and as I watched, it only got larger, parting the towel a little.

"I have a confession to make" he said. "there was no leak... I just wanted an excuse to get you up here again." I swallowed pretty heavily, and looked at his face. I was a little nervous _ after all, I was alone, and he was very strong looking.

"Don't worry, I’m not into rape." he said quietly. "I know you're attracted to me too..." and that was really very true. I was. I reached toward him, and took the towel off his hips. I was impressed _ his cock was only about 7 or 8 inches, but it was nice and thick, and his pubic hair was trimmed to almost nothing. 

I looked up at him as I curled my fingers around his length, and I saw as his eyes heated with lust and pleasure. I ran my fingers lightly up and down him, exploring his heavy balls, changing the pressure of my fingers from light and teasing to tight and demanding. then I slowly leaned forward, and delicately licked the head of his cock, tasting a bead of precum. I held his hips with both hands, and licked him from balls to crown, inhaling his musky, slightly soapy fragrance. 

Then I took him into my mouth, sucking him deeper, slowly working him into my throat. He grabbed my head and moaned, thrusting his hips forward, forcing his cock deeper into my mouth. I looked up to watch him watching my mouth eating his cock, which really turned me on. I let him set the pace, fucking my mouth, and I played with his balls, running my fingers from his tight anus to swirl around his tightening sac.

He started thrusting faster and deeper, and told me he was going to cum. I worked harder at sucking, making sure the head of his cock was in my throat when I swallowed, knowing my throat muscles were squeezing it. Suddenly, I tasted his cum, thick and salty, on my tongue. I shoved my nose into his pubes and swallowed for all I was worth. I didn't want any to dribble onto my silk top. 

He gave a hoarse shout, and stood rigidly while his cum jetted into my throat. His legs and hands were trembling as I licked his penis clean. I stood up, kissed his mouth, and went quickly back to the office. I was so turned on, I knew I needed to cum myself, and soon!

I was in the back office, debating whether or not to pleasure myself, when I heard someone enter the office. It was my new friend, and he looked very determined. He told me we weren't finished, and to lock the office door. So I did. I brought him into the back, and he lifted me up onto the desk. He took my top and bra off without a word. 

"Jesus, you've got great tits" he said. He sucked my nipples into his mouth one at a time, squeezing and playing with them. I started to moan softly. He spread my knees further apart and stepped between them. Then he lifted me a little, pulled my skirt from under me, and set me back down. He pushed the front of my skirt up to my waist and told me to lean back. 

I rested on my elbows, and watched as he ran his hands across the front of my lace panties. He soon pulled those down my legs and off, and I heard him groan. He had seen my hairless pussy, and I knew he liked it. Holding my knees in his hands, he leaned forward and kissed my bare mons. His tongue flicked out, and I felt fiery heat lick my clitoris. He slipped his hands up my legs, and used his thumbs to spread my pussy open more, then he buried his face into me, shoving his tongue inside to lap up my juices. 

Then he sucked on my clit, nibbling it, and stuck two fingers into me. He used those fingers to fuck my pussy as he licked and bit my clit until I wanted to scream. Suddenly I stiffened as his fingers found a very sensitive area inside and stroked it. 

That was it, I orgasmed all over his mouth and fingers, crying out pretty loudly. Before I came back down from my orgasm, he had pulled out his stiff_again cock and draped my heels over his shoulders. He guided his penis to my wet, open pussy, and rammed it deep inside me. 

He used one hand to press on my mons, and thrust heavily against me, fucking me roughly. His other hand was on my tits, squeezing my nipples sharply. I raised my hips and tightened my legs, bucking against each hammering thrust, giving as good as I got. At this pace, with this ferocity, it wasn't long before we both felt our orgasms peaking again. We came together, me with a scream and he with a loud shout, and then we were still. I could feel where his fingers had dug into my skin, and I knew I would have some bruises. Then I realized that so would he! 

He slowly took my legs off his shoulders, massaging my hips. His softening cock still embedded in my quivering pussy, he leaned over me and kissed me softly on my mouth. We helped each other clean up, and got dressed again. 

Before he left the office, he invited me up to his room again, whenever I wanted. He said he was going to extend his stay, and looked forward to taking me to bed.

It was a great week. Good thing it was off_season, so I wasn't busy at all _ except sexually! The best part about it was that he didn't try to leave me a tip when he left 8 days later. Instead, he left a beautiful card, a white calla lily, and his phone number. I don't know if I’ll ever call him, but if I do, well.....that'll be another story, won't it?