 She glared at him before storming out of the car, livid. He had tried placing his hand over hers after pulling into the garage. 

He sat idly at the wheel, mulling over how best to defuse the situation. They were at his work function in one of the city's posh nightclubs to celebrate the success of an acquisition when the unexpected happened.

She'd caught his assistant kissing him on the lips upon entering the unisex toilet. In the confusion he heard a shriek only to see her covering her mouth, stunned by the sight of them, turned away and left. 

Before dashing out of the toilet, he muttered to his distressed assistant that they'd talk it over at work next week.

Her phone was off. Where would she have gone? His pulse thumped between his ears as he searched aimlessly in crowded city streets on a Friday night. He finally gave up half an hour later and dragged his emptied being back to the car park. He certainly did not expect to see her there, her lean frame leaning against the pillar of their car.

Neither of them spoke a word on the way home – it was the longest 30 kays he'd ever driven.

He honestly had no idea what got into his assistant. She'd learnt about his relationship shortly after joining the firm. Heck, she'd even seen them together at their last work function. At any rate, he'd have to wait until next week to find out. Right now though, there's a more pressing issue at hand.


She did not bother to switch on any lamp on her way in. Moonlight spilled into the room through the glass door, lending the space just enough light. He saw her standing by the patio, the skin on her back glowing softly. With her back facing him, he could make out none of her expressions. 

She'd need some more alone time, he figured. To clear his mind, he jumped in for a quick shower and threw on some fresh T-shirt and a pair of pyjamas pants.

Refreshed, he made his way to the patio. She's lying on a chaise now in a foetal position. He slid open the door to join her. She had on her a thousand-yard stare; he could very well be invisible to her.

"Slap me," he said quietly. 

She did not respond. Exasperated, he moved closer to her. 

"Don't ever think you can get away with a slap!" came her reply seething with anger.

He considered his next move while remaining still opposite her. Cicadas were singing in the background. The summer had been balmy, but it's coming to an end. A hint of chill had already crept into the night air.


"You need to get this out of your system before you'd listen to me. Trust me; it's not what you think it is."

He waited patiently for her response, but no word escaped her lips. It was getting chillier out. She must be cold too, he thought. 

He inched towards her, making the deck creak in the process. She tried to get away from him, but he's a lot swifter – in a split second he'd seized her and spun her around.

Gingerly, he placed his palm on her face to turn her head towards him just so he could look her in the eye.

He could feel the flaming rage in her eyes burning holes through him. If looks could kill, this would be it.

"Slap me," he repeated.

With that, he let go of her and backed away for a foot.

She slapped him hard. He caught her hand then and pulled her towards him, ignoring the sting. 

In a low whisper, he recounted how the incident took place while holding her firm. Her arms hung loose over their embrace.

"Are you still angry?"

"Should I believe your little story?"

The night got even chillier, the cicadas louder.

He loosened his grip on her. This time, she moved back a few steps. She studied his expressions with steely eyes, wanting so badly to believe what he proffered was the truth. But she couldn't cast her doubt away. No, not with what she saw.


"Why would I lie to you?"

"She's your colleague! Tell me, how long has it been going on for?"

He was both hurt and upset now; it took him a lot of restrain to not let it show. 

"Are you accusing me of making shit up? I just had you slap my face!" 

"Could it be that you're feeling guilty? Would you have owned up if I didn't see it with my own eyes?"

"It was what I said it was! Why would I sabotage our relationship? We've got it going so well! Can't you see?" he snapped back, about to lose his composure.

"I'd like the honour of telling you what I did see tonight, if it pleases you." 

Both of them fell silent for a long time, not knowing what to say to each other.

He saw her erect nipples poking through the thin material of her dress along with the goosebumps on her arms crossed right below her breasts. She must be cold, he was sure now.

No matter the situation, they'd got to move inside. After a quick step forward he scooped her up, eliciting a yelp from her, and headed back into the living room. He dumped her onto the couch and stayed on top of her but she would not stop writhing under him. 

"Shhhh... stop moving! Believe me! She had this sad look on her face... I asked if she wanted to tell me about it... I thought she needed a hug..." he wanted to knock some sense into her.

"I'm serious! Fuck off!"

He would have none of these, not anymore. Wanting to shut her mouth, he kissed her then. 

If his kiss could be transformed into words, it was one of those which carried with it answers – answers which held the truth she was seeking from him. She found it in their duel and kissed him back with a ferocity he'd never known before.

Their kiss became hard and deep and intense and sensual – just about every facet of a passionate kiss meld together. Their hands started to pull at each other's clothes to feel the bare skin underneath. 

They stayed there for a long time. Kissing, nibbling, sighing, petting. She became soft, pliant even, to his every touch.

No longer able to stop himself, he snaked his fingers up from her inner thighs. To his surprise, he felt an open-crotched G-string and that she was totally smooth. He let his fingers explore her now very wet sex. He moaned in approval but she could only offer him a bashful smile.

It was a good thing he was the designated driver tonight, even though he had had a lot to celebrate for. Truth be told, he was a little peeved when he lost that bet last week. 

He pulled her dress up and over her head and tossed it aside. Her delicate fingers fumbled with his pyjamas pants as he took off his shirt. Impatient, he stood up to lose his pants as she quickly got onto her knees. 


She started off by slowly circling the head and flicked the ridge with her tongue. Once she made sure he was slick she took him in her mouth and held the base with her hand. She bobbed up and down his length with her hand following her mouth, never breaking the seal. His breathing became increasingly jagged as she went faster and faster.

But he had other ideas and willed himself to pull out of her mouth.

He gathered her up to kiss her, tasting his own pre-cum in the process. His hands wandered down to knead her taut ass for a little before smacking one of her ass cheeks really hard. They broke the kiss.

"For the slap. It really stung."

"To get even, huh?" she sounded almost apologetic.

"I'm good at keeping tab."

Immediately following that exchange, he scooped her up again to move to another space. Instead of their bedroom he headed to the garage and switched on the light.

"What on earth..."

The way she leaned on their car the instance he saw her filled his heart with relief; now he was going to fuck her brains out on it.

She couldn't help but let out a gasp the second the cool bonnet came into contact with her searing hot skin. 

She propped herself up on her elbows with her head tilted to one side and back slightly arched to jut her breasts out to him. He took that as a clear invitation and lavished on her mounds little kisses and bites. She especially loved the underside of his tongue on her nipples – it sent sparkles up her brain.

He trailed down south and yanked her G-string off. He then kneeled down to suck on her nether lips, draw long strokes up and down her slit, and lap on the sweet, tangy juices which had trickled down her thighs. 

Despite her protestations, he avoided her clit completely. He wanted to punish her just a little bit for disappearing on him tonight, he decided.

Soon enough his whole being was so consumed with his desire for her that holding out any longer would amount to torture on his side. He planted her feet on the bonnet and supported himself with his palms flat on her sides. With one swift thrust he penetrated her. The feel of her enveloping him almost drove him insane with pleasure. 

He fucked her at a steady pace with her feet hooked behind his ass, at times following his rhythm, at times urging him on. Their car shook in sync with their every move. 

One of her hands reached down to rub her clit – the little nub of pleasure centre which he ignored just minutes ago – in a frenzied mode now. He took her cue and increased his pace.

Waves of orgasm rippled through her body before long. She collapsed onto the bonnet after the release, surrendering herself completely to the warmth which emanated from deep within her core. He relished from the exquisite sensation of her pussy twitching erratically around his cock and buried his head between her breasts, feeling her heart beating wildly.

He planted little kisses along her jaw line, her neck, and her clavicles, swept away strands of her hairs which were matted onto her face, and caressed every inch of her soft, velvety skin which was now covered in a light sheen of sweat. She looked blissful, content and utterly flushed.

After she came down she squeezed him a couple of times and glanced at him through hooded eyes, urging him to fuck her again.

He pulled out and flipped her over. She bent forward and pressed her forearms flat on the bonnet and pointed her ass high up into the air, her legs slightly quivering still from her orgasm.

It was strangely arousing to see his fading hand print on her ass. He alternated between licking and blowing warm breaths at the tender area to soothe her skin. She had to resort to wiggling her ass a little for a not-too-subtle hint that she wanted him. Now.

He dutifully obliged. He held himself at her entrance and slammed into her, inducing a guttural grunt out of her. He fucked her harder and faster than before, until her exploding orgasm tipped him over the edge. 

He came hard, so hard that his brain went fuzzy for a moment. After the initial haze had waned, he found his line of sight focussed on his fading hand print on her ass cheek once again.

He backed away two steps before spanking her other ass cheek hard.

She turned her head around and quizzed, "What was that for?"

"In case you don't already know; one is an odd number and two is an even number. In order to get even, I get to spank you twice," he dictated.

Without making a sound, she turned back and placed her forehead on top of her arm. He was starting to worry if he'd gone too far.

Getting even was the name of the game tonight and the two of them could play this game just right, she smirked to herself. She turned to face him after putting on an innocent face. He was mildly puzzled by her change of tone. Even more so after she had his back against the wall.

She moulded herself into him and started to pump his semi-erect cock, before whispering into his ear in a playful voice, "Mmm, Mr Even Steven, thanks for the clarification. To get even is to get two of the same. Look, Mr Steven, you've already spanked me twice. What I got from you was just one fucking session. It's, like, totally not fair." Her hand never stopped the whole time she spoke.

She put on her puppy-dog eyes and continued to chirp with feigned naivety, "Mr Steven, an honourable man like you would let a good girl get even, right? I've been really, really good, haven't I? Besides, you get to have more fun! I promise!" Her free hand now lightly messaged his balls.

He swallowed hard. His throat had never been this parched before.

"We can definitely take our time, if that's what you're worried about... Pretty please, Mr Steven?"


She stared into his eyes now with a hint of wantonness, her voice a little raspy now and coaxed, "Listen. I want you to fuck me on the kitchen island. You on your back, I'm on top. Does this sound fair to you?" 

To reiterate her point, she nestled his hardening cock between her wet folds for a few seconds before pushing the tip just a wee bit into her moist heat. He was becoming heady again with the feel, smell and touch of her.

He could only nod. She managed to hide her triumphant smile from him – but only just.

It was a good thing he was the designated driver tonight, he thought to himself again.

-The end-