 Please enjoy "A MILF Neighbor Shows Her Gratitude" before reading this story.

This is an adult sex story.

Although children's names are mentioned, the children are in no way involved in anything sexually related.

This is somewhat of a transition story as well, some sex but more narrative. 

Enjoy and thanks for the views and votes. 

----

In Scottsdale, Arizona

Early January

****

Following my all night hot sex session with Janet the MILF, our neighbor, I was a zombie from the lack of sleep.

My wife Catherine woke up feeling great with no morning sickness.

Sleeping next to her was an almost nude, totally fucked out Janet.

The only thing Janet had on was the handmade crop top from the night before. It was the remnants of the tee shirt she had put on after her bath and I had cut off.

Janet got the morning off from licking Catherine's pussy.

They did hold each other for a few minutes before they got out of bed.

I'm sure that Janet gave a CNN version of her night with me.

I heard Catherine laughing through the closed door, which made me smile.

I fuck my wife's best friend all night long, in all three holes, and my wife is laughing as she hears the details.

Could life get any better?

****

With an excess of energy, my beautiful blonde goddess Catherine quickly got up, showered, got dressed and put on her usual minimal makeup and took charge to get all four of the girls out of their beds, casually dressed and down to the restaurant for breakfast while Janet showered, dressed and got ready to go.

Catherine had planned a busy day.

Catherine and Janet left the hotel at 8:45am for hair appointments.

Janet was dragging from the lack of sleep and was dripping from the multiple deposits I had made in her freshly shaved pussy and her tight ass the night before.

I was left in charge of their daughters and I had them spend an hour in the gym and then they got showered and dressed for the day.

While we were waiting for the two ladies to return, we played Monopoly. (I'm a businessman, trying to educate these girls in how the real world operates).

Fortunately, and gratefully, Catherine, looking great with her new hairdo, took her daughters and Janet's daughters out for an early movie, lunch and more shopping.

Before she left Catherine told me to find us something to do that evening, all of us, out of the hotel.

I asked her what she had in mind and she replied "Surprise me honey!"

****

I arranged to get us seven tickets to the Phoenix Suns / LA Lakers basketball game that night, courtesy of the dealership that was looking to sell to me.

I also received a text message from Dana in Las Vegas.

Dana was my GM and all around person in charge in Las Vegas.

Our new CYNSUITs travel bus had been delivered.

This was the driving billboard that we were going to use to promote our swimwear line as we drove city to city across America.

I got the idea as I was watching the movie Dumb and Dumber.

The bus wasn't cheap but it would be cheaper than airfare and ground transportation. And we could save on some hotel rooms.

For what we had in mind the payback was less than two years.

When I responded, I asked Dana to arrange for the bus to drive over to Scottsdale.

I wanted her to come, and to please bring Julie and Dorrie. She said they would arrive before midnight and would see me in the morning.

I reserved rooms for them at the hotel, plus one for their driver.

I had in mind a ski trip to Flagstaff for the family and our friends.

Plus I wanted to visit to Northern Arizona University for the business.

****

As soon as Catherine left with the girls, Janet (with her new hairdo) and I had a conference call with her newly retained family law attorney, who informed Janet that the papers had been filed with the court the night before and that her husband had been served earlier that morning right after he showed up at work.

The divorce was real and proceeding.

The attorney said it would probably take a year for everything to be completed.

The attorney provided a list of documents she would need to get started; most of those where financial in nature.

The subject of alimony, child care and custody came up and it was briefly discussed.

When the attorney asked Janet about her current financial situation, I replied "Janet is starting a new company on Monday that we are funding which will provide her a salary that will allow her to keep the house, meet her other financial obligations and have money to pay your bills too."

Janet leaned over and silently kissed me on the mouth, our tongues briefly dueling.

Tears formed in her eyes. I smiled in reply.

With that news, and the phone call over, Janet kissed me again with passion and then undressed me right there in the living room.

She put me back on the sofa, the scene of last night's original exploration of her body.

I watched as she returned to the dining room table, and took out a tube of lipstick out of her purse.

Janet applied the lip stick with me watching. Her eyes were smiling. The lipstick was a bright, sort of a whorish blazing red.

Smiling, she walked over and knelt on the floor between my legs.

Janet pushed my thighs apart.

My cock was rapidly hardening at the anticipation of getting a blowjob from this MILF.

I was turning into one of Pavlov's dogs.

"Jack, you are the most wonderful and thoughtful man I have ever met. Let me see how much of this lipstick I can get on your beautiful cock as I suck you to thank you for everything you have done for me."

Not another word was spoken as Janet spread my legs even further apart and proceeded to make oral love to my still growing erection.

The licks of her tongue and the kisses of her lips turned into some serious sucking.

And she hummed.

Janet was happy.

I loved her work ethic.

"It looks bigger than last night. I wonder why?" asked Janet as her work continued with her dainty hands and small mouth.

Her tongue wandered from my sensitive starfish to the ultra sensitive tip of my cock, and every bit of skin in between.

As for my balls, Janet not only kissed and licked them but her manicured fingers gently caressed and teased them to the point where they were filled with swimmers ready to be released.

I knew this because my balls were getting so tight they were on the verge of being painful.

Even though I had come within the last couple of hours, I was soon ready to blast off again.

I actually begged Janet to let me come.

Janet kept at it, humming in happiness as she pleasured me.

I asked her again to please let me come.

At that request she smiled, got up off her knees, letting go of my rock hard cock, as it smacked against my belly while she went back to her purse and reapplied her lipstick.

"Would you like to come now lover?" she coyly asked me as she sauntered back to me.

Janet's face was flushed.

Her lips were puffed.

She darted her tongue out at me and wiggled it.

I groaned, knowing how good she was with it.

I was actually considered taking matters into my own hands.

That was how worked up I was.

That was how hot this creature got me.

This time when she knelt down Janet smiled up and me and said "Jack, I know you want to come but let me pleasure you just a bit more, okay?"

I leaned down and she tilted her head up.

We met in the middle and we kissed.

Janet had a serious case of penis breath.

Which was fine with me, it was my penis she had been paying all this special attention to.

"I like the way you taste Jack."

Then she said "I love your cock Jack. I love it and if you let me, I'll suck and swallow you every day."

With that she focused her efforts on just my very sensitive tip.

Her hands cradled my balls, providing them with a warm, comforting base.

I was so worked up and in no time flat I was coming again into Janet's warm mouth.

Her tongue swathed my tip as I erupted.

It was the kind of blow job that relieves your stress.

I had a huge explosion as my balls emptied and my man seed blasted into her warm mouth.

Janet swallowed, spurt after spurt, not letting a single drop get away.

I felt like I came for minutes, that was how good it was.

Showing me she had swallowed every drop, she said "I want to learn how to deep throat you. Will you help me?"

Smiling, it was all I could do just to nod in agreement.

If she wanted to learn how to pleasure me a different way, who was I to stand in her way?

She continued with my dick in her mouth, her tongue still at work as my penis slowly shrank.

As my cock started to droop, Janet got up and took me by the hand to the big bathtub.

Janet started the bath running and added some bubble bath.

She undressed in front of me, which I enjoyed.

Her nipples were nice and puffy, ready for sucking on.

Her bush was heavy; like the brush along I-5 through the Grapevine in the late summer after a long wet winter.

I'd licked my way through her carpet the night before and I was still surprised in the light of day just how thick it was.

The carpet did match the drapes; the drapes were a shade darker of blonde, which I expected.

What made eating Janet's pussy so much fun was that she was so grateful to be licked and that her cunt lips were big and meaty.

They were extremely puffy when she was aroused.

I had never seen a pussy like it, and was looking forward to see those puffed up lips minus the hair.

The only thing on Janet that wasn't natural was those 38DD breasts.

But I couldn't tell that based on my experience.

As I watched her undress in front of me I wondered what it would be like, what she would look like, and how it would feel and taste, if Janet was pregnant and lactating.

Would her pussy feel different? What would her breast milk taste like? How would her heavy swollen breasts be like?

Janet brushed her teeth and then carefully put her hair in a shower cap.

She climbed into the tub and she lie in my arms, resting.

"Thank you Jack, it was a night I won't ever forget."

"I enjoyed it too."

As I massaged her shoulders and her neck she laughed "I knew you wanted to touch me since the minute you laid eyes on me. Did I measure up to your fantasies?"

"It was unbelievably pleasurable" I replied. "It was amazing."

As we laughed and talked, my hands soon roamed to the south to her awesome tits.

Janet loved the continued attention.

She loved my hands on her body and she told me so.

Pulling gently teasing her protruding nipples, she groaned.

I whispered to her "I'd like to clamp your nipples sometime" and she laughed and replied "Only if I am a bad girl."

Kissing her neck, she shivered and her hands wandered south so she could play with herself.

Watching a woman masturbate is a big turn on for me.

I had all my ladies do it.

Some use their fingers and some use a dildo.

Both ways were hotter than hell.

Looking over her shoulder I teased Janet, asking "Are you thinking about last night?"

"Yes."

"Anything special?"

"Yes, when you had your cock up my ass and I was playing with my wet pussy."

With this kind of talk I was soon hard and I was poking her in the back.

Janet laughed and said "I can't believe you're ready to go again. How many times did you come last night, four or five? And now, just a few minutes you're hard again. Did I do this to you?"

Smiling, I said "Yes, you sure did."

As I kissed her neck goose bumps broke out on her arms even though the bath water was quite warm.

At that Janet sat up, turned around and scooted close to me so we sitting were face to face.

She reached out and pulled our heads together and we kissed.

"How do you want to come this time lover?"

****

I filled Janet's tight pussy with yet another load.

Actually, it was a tiny load because my balls needed time to recharge from her blow job.

It's never easy to fuck in a bathtub but somehow we managed.

I drained the water out and pounded her missionary, her legs wrapped around me as I thrust in and out, our mouths connected and our tongues playing.

Her nipples were hard, poking me in my chest.

She came with me, which was a first.

We were actually quite good lovers for each other.

But I also knew I was on the clock.

At some point Janet's lack of sleep (I like to think of it as "sex lag") would kick in and she would be out like a burned out light bulb at a porn storage warehouse in Chatsworth.

Or I would.

I laid on top of her, panting after I came, draining into her tight pussy, giving her every little drop of baby batter I had in me.

After a little more kissy face and playing with those magnificent breasts of hers, I shampooed and conditioned Janet's pubic mane, something she said no one had ever done before to her.

Janet enjoyed the intimate attention and asked me when I finished if I would do it again sometime.

I said "Yes honey, when you grow your bush back."

She laughed.

I lathered up the shaving brush and drained some of the water out of the tub and got to work rubbing the bristles all around her extended pubes, getting Janet excited and aroused.

I didn't think it would take too much to get her to cum again.

I had started a fire inside of Janet. I hope it was a controlled burn.

I was right about her temperature. It was well above 212 degrees Fahrenheit.

As I ran that bristled brush all around her pussy, Janet began to play with her nipples, kneading them and pulling on them.

She did this for herself but she also knew I liked watching her do it.

It got me hard. Very hard.

While we were making out I ran that brush repeatedly over her clit and my other hand was playing with her nipples and Janet came again as we kissed. I told her "Janet, let me get this hair off your pussy before you fall asleep." She nodded and smiled.

Janet had never had as many orgasms as this in her life. I worked fast and got her cleaned up, good enough to eat.

But I held off and shaved her a second time, for good measure.

Just to be sure I got rid of all the hair. Then I lowered my head and started licking.

No hands, just my lips, tongue and mouth on her most sensitive area. Janet went crazy over the sensitivity of her newly bald pussy.

I wasn't worried about eating a cream pie.

Most of my little men had gone into her belly and what I blasted into her was effort, not baby batter.

I kept at it until she pushed my head away, saying "Enough Jack, please, no more."I got her out of the tub, dried her off, put her into a pajama top (I left the bottoms off on purpose) and pulled the covers down on the bed and got her into her bed.

It was noon.

I fell asleep on the sofa and set my phone for a wakeup at 2pm.

****

I was awake as the timer went off.

I felt like a million bucks, and leaving a sleeping Janet behind her closed bedroom door, I worked out at the hotel gym.

Looking at my phone, I noticed that Catherine said they were having fun and would be back at 4:30pm and what were are plans for the evening?

I responded that I'd made a reservation at The Arrogant Butcher near the arena for 5:30pm so we needed to leave the hotel at 5pm.

And that I had tickets for all of us to go to the basketball game.

Catherine texted me back a red heart.

Finishing my workout by 3pm and checking in to see that Janet was still asleep, I quickly jumped into the shower.

I had just stepped into the stream of water when a nude Janet joined me.

"I want to wash your back. And talk about my new job."

****

That afternoon in the shower I told Janet that we would be putting her into a business that she would eventually own.

Catherine and I would fund the start-up, make sure she had enough to live on and for her to pay all the necessary taxes and that over a period of about five years, maybe a bit earlier, maybe a bit later, Janet would pay us back with the profits and she would buy us out so that she would own the business free and clear.

The new company was to be called Western States Recruiting and Janet would be headhunting from colleges in the North LA area for all of my businesses.

As the hot water showered down and she held me close to her, her eyes glued to mine as her big breasts brushed comfortably against my hairy chest, I told her that she would be the first of about 50 of these recruiting businesses we would launch.

She asked me "Where will I find customers? I've never sold anything in my life."

I laughed and said "Your company income is guaranteed because of the contracts you'll sign with my companies."

She nodded; her eyes wide.

I asked her "How did you end up in the shower with me?"

She smiled, not quite sure how to answer.

I said "You sold yourself. You sold yourself to Catherine and to me. So don't think for a minute you can't sell."

She laughed.

I laughed too and said "You wanted something and you went after it. You figured out how to prospect, make your pitch, overcome the objections and close the deal."

Janet had a puzzled look on her face and said "Objections?"

I replied "One was that you had to file for divorce, and you did. Another was that you had to go on the pill and you did."

Janet looked at me with a guilty look on her face.

My chin dropped.

"You are on the pill, right?"

"Not yet Jack, but this is a safe time for me."

"How safe?"

"I won't get pregnant Jack. I promise. I'm safe. I got the prescription but I didn't fill it because when I go on the pill I gain weight."

She started to cry.

Oh shit, this is all I need, a crying woman.

A crying woman who is not my wife.

But what I really don't need is a pregnant woman who is not my wife.

I had a flashback of Jessica Walters standing over Clint Eastwood with a knife in the movie Play Misty for Me.

Only this time it was one very pissed off Catherine Colton with a shiny new sharp axe standing over my bed, her swollen belly carrying our child.

I held Janet and in a minute or so, the crying stopped.

She lifted her head and I asked her "When you are on the pill, where do you gain weight?"

Janet sniffled and said "My tits and ass get bigger."

"And, you think that's an issue with me?"

She started laughing and so did I.

Janet said "I didn't think you want me if I was any bigger."

We looked at each other and I knew she was once again on the verge of tears.

I replied "I've been walking around with a hard on for you since the day we met and you're worried about a few pounds?"

She punched my arm and said "I'll fill the prescription tomorrow, I promise."

I told her "I'm going to ask you to see the prescription bottle so don't let me down."

"Will you tell Catherine?"

"No but I need one hundred percent honesty from you. Is that clear?"

"Yes Master."

"On everything."

"I understand. It won't happen again."

"Turn around sweetie."

She did; her bare back to me now.

I snuggled up to her bare bottom and reached over and ran my hands over her breasts and I played with both of her nipples.

I knew she liked my attention on her orbs.

Her nipples responded and she pushed her ass into my hard on.

Janet liked the contact.

Our bodies together.

As one, soon to be fucking.

She laughed "So you're not mad at me?"

My right hand moved south to her belly.

I loved rubbing her skin, especially her womb, the space between her belly button and her clit.

I kissed the side of her face and said "You are beautiful Janet but I bet you are absolutely glowing when you get pregnant. And your babies are precious."

She giggled and whispered "I'd have your baby Jack. In a heartbeat."

"I know you would sweetie but that can't happen. We both know that can't happen."
