 Please enjoy "A MILF Neighbor Comes Clean" before reading this story.

This is an adult sex story.

Although children's names are mentioned, the children are in no way involved in anything sexually related. 

Enjoy and thanks for the views and the votes. 

----

Sedona, Arizona

Early January

****

I was in shorts and a tee shirt, and I was taking my sweet time massaging my latest lover, my newest pussy eating princess, Janet.

Janet had just separated from her husband of twelve years two days prior.

She was a friend of my wife Catherine.

I had envisioned fucking her since the moment I laid eyes on her, back in October.

This was within a few shorts weeks after I got married to Catherine.

Now, I never said that out loud.

No man in his right mind, newly married, would say that out loud.

To do so would be crass, immature and highly inappropriate.

But I sure as hell told myself silently in my mind that given the opportunity, I wouldn't hesitate for a second to be naked with Janet and do the horizontal mating dance with her as often as I could.

Catherine knew of my lustful desires and so did Janet.

All Catherine had to do was watch my eyes as they devoured Janet.

(Hey, I tried not to be obvious about it, but what can I say?)

Janet knew of my desires because she knew that men liked to watch her and she also knew exactly what men were thinking when they were watching her.

And Janet knew I liked to watch her; she often caught me in the act and always smiled back and pushed her hair behind her ear, a sign of acknowledgement and interest.

Do you want to know when a woman is really interested in you?

When she reaches out and touches you.

And Janet did it more than a few times.

It wasn't awkward, it was a natural movement.

The more Janet was around us, the more she did it.

Catherine noticed the dynamic between the two of us.

Catherine was not threatened in the least by Janet because Catherine knew I was a faithful, loving husband.

I was fully committed to my lovely, smart, talented bride and I was a willing, able step parent to her daughters.

I was a good provider too.

A very good provider.

I took care of Catherine and her girls.

With money, emotional support and family leadership.

And I provided a lot of fun; we did a lot of things together as a family; things that they had not had the wherewithal to do before.

I was financially and otherwise supportive son in law to my in-laws, even allowing Catherine's parents to live in my home, rent free so they could work at the well paying jobs I was able to provide them.

Catherine also knew that I wanted fresh pussy to fuck and that was part of our agreement for getting and being married.

Catherine would prospect and reel in the ladies who wanted me in their bed.

I could fuck these ladies but not make love to them. I could only make love to Catherine.

But the true test of their willingness to play in the game of getting dicked by me was whether or not they were willing to eat Catherine's pussy until she was sure they were "cock worthy" of her husband's (my) erection.

So far, Catherine had brought to her bed two ladies that I had then fucked in all three holes and Catherine had targeted Janet as the third.

With this dynamic in play, I had a vision of bringing Janet to orgasm after orgasm, screaming ones; pleasurable ones, so much so that she would push me away only to pull me back to her hot nude body to do it again within a few short minutes.

So, what was I doing massaging a nude Janet?

I was in Janet's hotel suite with the permission of my wife, Catherine.

My wife Catherine was visiting with another princess, Dorrie, down the hall in our suite.

If you read "One Wild Night in Beverly Hills" and "An Interesting Evening in Las Vegas," you'll learn about Dorrie.

I had every intention to honor my wife's candid yet firm instructions, which were, exactly: "Only a massage Jack Colton. No fucking Janet tonight. When you're done, come right back here."

Then she smiled, her eyes sparkling, and kissed me.

Catherine knew I would be tempted and this was a test.

Now, as my eagerness to come, to have sexual relations with Janet the MILF again increased proportionally to the amount of her bare female flesh I getting my hands on as I rubbed this fine thirty four year old female specimen, I began to debate in my head what "No fucking" actually meant.

You remember when Bill Clinton argued about the definition of what the word "is" was.

When he was trying to explain how his semen ended up on Monica's dress.

Talk about splitting pubic hairs.

One thing "It" didn't mean was that I couldn't come.

It just meant, in the strictest sense, I could not penetrate Janet's tight, wet, hot pussy.

Available pussy.

Ready to receive me pussy.

Which I had done more than a few times two nights ago.

And twice yesterday before and after I shaved Janet's very bushy pussy off.

I fucked Janet because it felt so good to do so.

Janet's pussy was a tight and firm fit for me.

The last time we fucked we came together, which anyone who has been fortunate to be part of that experience knows it's pretty special.

I came in Janet's welcoming pussy because she wanted me to.

Oh, did she want me to.

But as tight, wet and as hot as Janet's pussy was, it was unprotected.

I don't use condoms.

Never have.

Never will.

Janet was supposed to be on the pill but hadn't filled the prescription yet.

She swore it was safe ... that it was a safe time for her but we were playing the game.

It was a risky game, but a very fun one.

Hell if it was up to Janet we'd still be in that bed in our suite at the Royal Palms, rutting like animals.

And if that happened I know she'd end up pregnant.

And she told me after we'd fucked more than a few times she'd willingly have my child.

For all I know this was a set up for me to make Janet pregnant.

Janet was so hungry for attention, affection, caresses, fondling, kisses, licks, bites, sucks, rubbing, spanking, you name it, she didn't want to let me go.

In fact, after I left her sleeping in her bed in our Scottsdale hotel suite, and I returned to my bed where my wife Catherine was sleeping, a nude Janet came into my bedroom and encouraged me, incented me, to return to her bed for more sex.

"You know you want it too lover" she whispered to me as she found my rock hard erection under the sheets.

I'll step up and say I'm a pretty good lover but for a naked woman to come and get you for more sex after you've just filled every hole she had, well, I was thinking that my performance was worthy of either a Gold Medal or an Oscar.

Really, how often does that happen to a guy?

According to Janet I was still dripping out of two of her holes and still, she wanted more of what Catherine and now she called Mister Pleasure Stick.

Janet had filled her prescription for the pill and took the first pill at dinner. Just two hours ago.

It would be safe, truly safe, to have unprotected sex with Janet again in a week.

Now maybe Catherine knew that Janet had not been on the pill as she had said but I sure as hell didn't tell Catherine Janet wasn't and as close as the two of them were, I know Janet didn't say anything either.

So Catherine had other reasons for me to not be fucking Janet.

Which she would share later I suspected. I would not pursue it.

But I made up my mind that Janet was going to provide me with some sexual release before I went back to my suite.

****

Janet was face down on the king size bed, nude.

I was sitting on her thighs, rubbing kinks out of her neck as my fully tented shorts laid in her crack, moving up and down as I moved my arms and legs performing the massage.

The room was warm, I turned up the heater because I wanted Janet nude and fully exposed to me while I had my hands on her fantastic MILF body.

She wasn't going to be wearing a stitch from now on if I had anything to say about it.

I wanted to see her and I wanted to be able to feel her.

Lick her; kiss her, to touch her.

Her smooth flawless skin.

Her tight ass.

Her tiny sensitive rosebud.

Her big firm breasts.

Her large eraser sized nipples.

Her newly shaved and one hundred percent bare pussy.

Her extraordinary long and responsive clit.

Her slender neck.

Her sensitive ears, especially her lobes which when I nibbled on them, made her pussy flow like the Columbia River during the spring snow melt.

Her ticklish toes that I had sucked on.

Her toned legs that led from her toes to the Promised Land between her toned thighs.

And her mouth which could only be described as Willie Nelson did in the movie The Electric Horseman, "... one of them ... girls that can suck the chrome off of a trailer hitch ..."

I realized as I rubbed the lotion in my hands to warm it up before starting in that I had come in all three of Janet's holes the night before last and I did the same thing yesterday when my wife left Janet and I to deal with the divorce attorney.

There was no protest or objection from Janet being a three input woman.

She knew that I was going to come in all three of her holes and I did.

And, man, coming into her was fucking special.

She was so tight, so willing, so ready; so ripe to be fucked.

It was all I could do to hold off blowing my load within seconds of entering her.

It took all my willpower, all my baseball statistics, counting backwards from a million, to keep from coming too soon.

The lights were all off; only the glow of the gas fireplace kept the bedroom from total darkness.

Even though I had only begun the massage, I could already smell Janet's arousal.

I worked on her neck, shoulders, shoulder blades, upper arms, lower arms, hands and fingers.

Janet winced as I found her kinks and tight muscles. I took my time and slowly but carefully eliminated them.

I didn't touch her head as she had just had her hair done.

Once I finished with her lower back, I put a small hand towel on Janet's upper back.

It didn't cover too much and it wasn't supposed to.

It wasn't to keep her warm either.

I did it to emphasize that the lower part of her body was nude.

Exposed and now my emphasis.

My focus.

My target.

She didn't say a word, this was her second massage in just under 24 hours and she was in heaven.

No man had paid this much physical attention to her in years.

She was literally purring like a cat as my hands worked out the kinks and stretched out her tight muscles.

The closer I got to her butt as I worked my way down her back, the stronger her aroma was.

Even though my hands had not been near her pussy, my hardness had been laying in and out of her crack for almost half an hour and I am sure that the weight I put on her forced her bare pussy and that extraordinary clit of hers to become aroused, especially as I pushed and pulled her crotch back and forth on the soft towel she was laying on.

I had decided to give Janet my very erotic, very sexual Grand Canyon Massage.

Janet, I am sure, had never had one of those before.

My first night with her I spent an inordinate amount of time on her ass, but not with my hands.

Oh I did rub her, I mean massage, her gluteus but it was non-sexual.

After my massage, I let my tongue do its inquisitive thing and I licked her crack, from top to bottom; French kissed her anus and otherwise made love to her female Grand Canyon with my mouth, lips, and tongue.

She loved the intimacy.

Janet laughed and giggled as I performed my magic. Only jokingly did she protest. She loved every second our bodies were in contact.

Every fucking second.

All those years in her marriage and before she had never been fondled or licked or touched like this.

What I always find interesting is the gap between the public persona of the women I have met and how they act naked in bed.

Given how Janet dressed when I had seen her in the past three or so months, I found it fascinating that she didn't protest me licking her ass and that she asked me to fuck her in the ass, even though she had admitted to Catherine it wasn't her favorite thing.

And I was amazed that after that first round of ass fucking, cumulating with me splashing my hot seed deep into in her backdoor after she enjoyed her first anal orgasm of the night, when I came back to fuck her ass again that first night, she welcomed my cock.

"Jack, put that thing in my ass again" and then she'd hold her cheeks open for me.

Time after time.

Janet, once afraid of a cock going into her ass, now fully enjoyed it.

She liked my cock, hard and erect, going in and out of her tiny rosebud.

I speared her, over and over again, pulling all the way out as I watched the winking hole start to close and then I would thrust in, all the way, in a single push, causing her to groan, clamp down on my erection and almost instantly, reach beneath herself to play with her sopping pussy.

Was it me? Was her long abstinence? Was she open to new adventures at a little bit older age? Did she want to experience what others had told her was so fantastic? Was she making up for lost time in the sex department?

So, as I began my massage I started in by separating Janet's cheeks with one hand and pouring some massage oil into the top of her crack and watching it slowly flow south down the canyon.

I didn't over pour because I didn't want this oil dripping into Janet's bare pussy just.

Yet.

Using both hands I separated her cheeks and began massaging her canyon walls, mostly using my thumbs.

Janet had never experienced anything like it.

The nerve endings in that part of her body were very sensitive and she moved her ass around, in part because it felt so good but also because it was a new sensation and it felt ... weird.

I rubbed from top to bottom, firmly but not hard; sensuously rubbing and adding oil as I thought I needed it to maximize her pleasure.

When I got down to her drain, her rosebud, I would tease her hole with my thumbs.

Not only there a lot of nerve endings in that part of the body, along with a to be expected earthy odor, there is a lot of tension and I took my sweet time rubbing that canyon, the rim, the walls and the drain so I soon had Janet cooing as she relaxed with her legs spread wide and my hands on her naked and oiled backside.

I let up for just a second and she whined "Jack, please don't stop. I love what you are doing to me."

I noticed Janet was slowly but deliberately humping the sheet beneath her pussy, rubbing her extremely sensitive and long clit.

She was hoping for sexual release.

She would get her release when I felt she deserved it. Not before.

I moved from being behind to sitting on her left side. I always keep one hand on her; in constant touch.

With my right hand I began slowly probing her rosebud with one of my fingers.

There was no protest as my long finger began its exploration and drilling motion.

Janet groaned at this invasion but not in protest.

She lifted her ass up and as she did I slipped a second finger in so that it joined the first, somewhat rudely opening her tight hole.

Janet gasped.

And then groaned at the penetration.

A groan of pleasure, not pain.

She wasn't protesting.

As she lifted her ass my left hand reached under her smooth belly and moved south in search of that unique clit that lorded over one of the tightest pussies I had ever come in.

Janet not only moved to get up on her knees to help me she spread her thighs to ease access to her smelly, wet and bare pussy.

Clearly her non verbal communications said she was fully enrolled in my massage.

I could smell her as I continued the massage.

My God she was a very horny lady.

Very horny.

And I was just the guy to deal with those hormones.

****

I'm not complaining (I'm explaining) but this was not exactly what I had in mind when my wife Catherine and I decided to leave Los Angeles on New Year's Day and spend a week or so in the warm and sunny Arizona desert.

In my head I was thinking it would just the four of us.

That plan got blown out of the water when Janet and her daughters showed up.

I really want to make it clear I am not complaining about Janet showing up.

That first night I nailed her in every hole she had, all night long.

The next day I shaved her bush completely off and again, came in all three of her wet, willing and ready holes.

That night three ladies from Las Vegas showed up on our new CYN SUITS bus.

So, the party grew from four to seven to ten, plus Bill the bus driver.

Then, I somehow got the bright idea to go north so that everyone could go snow skiing.

There wasn't much of a discussion; everyone thought it was a pretty good idea.

And so much for the warm desert.

Sedona was chilly each day and at night the temperatures dipped to freezing and below.

The hotel had a nice combo indoor / outdoor pool so that Catherine could swim her laps (I went with her) and a few times the girls went swimming and sat in the hot tub.

I was now hosting not just my immediate family (Catherine, Marie and Natalie), our friends (Janet, Vickie and Annie), my two CYNSUITS ladies (Dana and Julie) and Dorrie, also a friend of the family who had recently relocated to Las Vegas. Oh, and Bill, the driver who brought the brand new CYNSUITS bus over from Las Vegas.

Try making a dinner reservation for 11 each night.

We ended up separating into two tables for dinner; one for the adults and one for the kids and that worked out pretty well.

After dinner was when the fun began each night.

****

Catherine and I had our own two bedroom suite.

Everyone else, including Janet, my latest conquest, had nice one bedroom suites.

We were on the top floor, and the four daughters (Marie, Natalie, Vickie and Annie) and Janet were down the hall.

Dana, Julie, Dorrie and Bill were spread throughout the other floors of the hotel.

Everyone enjoyed beautiful views of the world famous red rocks and of the golf course that was next door.

That first night, following dinner, Catherine and Janet got their girls into bed.

Catherine texted Dorrie to come up to our suite.

She sent me down the hall to give Janet a massage.

"Only a massage Jack Colton. No fucking Janet tonight. When you're done, come right back here."

Did she know about Janet not being on the pill when I fucked her in Scottsdale?

If Catherine did, she never let on.

I smiled and kissed my wife.

****

Using plenty of lotion and lube, as I started in with my second finger pushing and pumping Janet's tight rosebud, I noticed her right hand snaking under her body so she could start playing with her bare, aching to come pussy.

Normally, I would be fine with that, but this time, I wanted Janet coming on my terms, not hers.

There was one thing I knew for certain: when a woman no longer has pubic hair, their bare pussy becomes much more sensitive and the desire to come becomes top of mind, almost constantly.

Delaying her orgasm would mean a better orgasm, a bigger orgasm, when I finally did let her come.

My right hand was occupied with her asshole, so with my left hand I reached under her and pulled her fingers away from her pussy and substituted them with my own.

Janet groaned when her fingers lost contact with her erect clit and she swore in protest under her breath as I replaced her mischievous fingers.

I cupped her entire pussy with my left hand.

It was smooth, wet, and hot.

Steaming hot.

I had her clit covered too.

That didn't stop the little blonde minx from wanting to come and come soon.

So, with two of my fingers probing, drilling and stretching her tiny rosebud, and my left hand cupping her pussy, keeping it simmering, Janet started to move her pussy against my left hand.
