 It was a short drive home from Biz's house, but I spent the entire time rehashing the events that had transpired in the past few hours. Alone in my bedroom, I stripped down and lay on my bed thinking about her and toying with her sexy bikini panties. I thought about what I had seen of her body and what I had felt of it and pretty soon not only did I have another raging hard-on, but I really wanted to hear her voice. She'd told me that the phone number she'd given me was for her own line in her bedroom, so I felt safe calling it at that late hour. The way she answered, I had the feeling she knew that it would be me as soon as the phone rang. She told me that she had just been thinking about me, so I asked her what she'd been thinking. She said that she had been going over everything that had happened and was anxious to see me again. I asked her what she was wearing and she replied that she had a t-shirt on. I asked if she had put on a clean pair of panties, but she said that she was wearing only the t-shirt.

I was already rock hard, so picturing her lying in bed wearing a t-shirt that didn't cover her trim brown bush and that her big titties were pushing out in front just made it throb. She asked what I was wearing and when I told her, she moaned softly. I asked her to take off her t-shirt and she set the phone down as she did. I was visualizing her peeling her t-shirt away from her massive boobs and without really thinking about it, I began to stroke my cock. When she was back on the line, I told her that I couldn't help taking my cock in hand as I thought about her lying there naked, even though I had never seen her naked and was relying on my imagination. She said she wished that she could take my cock in her hand, then in her mouth, and finally in her pussy. I told her that she would be able to soon enough, but in the meantime, I wanted her to touch her pussy and pretend that it was me doing it.

I asked her how wet she was and what she was doing with her fingers. She replied that she was dripping wet and that she was sliding one finger in and out where my cock had been less than an hour ago while she massaged her clit with the fingertips of her other hand. I moaned in response and she asked if I was cumming; I told her not yet, but that it wouldn't be long. I went on to tell her that I was imagining it was her soft hand that was now massaging my balls, causing my orgasm to surge on even more quickly. She let out a whimper and said that she would have cum already if it had been my fingers or my tongue or my cock working on her pussy; her fingers just weren't as much of a turn on. I asked if her arms were squeezing her breasts together and could she lick her nipple if she wanted to. She said that she would lose the phone if she tried, but wanted my tongue on her nipples the next time she saw me.

Our conversation degenerated into soft moaning as we each worked ourselves closer to cumming. I had visions of her naked, her big tits jutting out, working on her pussy with both hands as my orgasm came closer and closer; her moans on the other end of the line just helped me along. Finally, with a grunt, I started spewing onto my stomach and fist as I continued to milk my spurting cock. Biz, realizing what was going on, was only seconds behind as she cried softly into the phone while her own orgasm coursed through her. When we'd both caught our breath, she told me that she'd never done that before. I was surprised, given that she'd been in a long-distance relationship for close to a year, but she said that there just hadn't been such a palpable sexual chemistry when she and Stephen had been on the phone. We talked for a little while longer, agreeing that I'd stop by the bookstore to see her the next day, then hung up. I was asleep soon after.

I had been up for a little while on Friday morning when the phone rang and it turned out to be Biz calling me from work. She seemed a little agitated and went on to explain that Stephen had stopped by already that morning. I felt my stomach drop as she told me how he had asked her to go out with him that night and, when she had hesitated, had insisted because he said they needed to talk about some things. My spirits lifted when she said that she didn't really want to go out with him. She admitted that she was curious about what he could possibly think they needed to talk about, especially since he had been so insistent. She asked me what I thought and I replied that I was feeling some jealousy, first of all, but I thought that it would be better to see what he wanted and get the air clear rather than blowing him off and just have it hanging out there. She said that she'd hoped to see me tonight and I replied that I'd hoped the same, but reminded her that we had the whole summer ahead of us and that it might be more enjoyable without any Stephen issues left unresolved. I offered to bring her lunch so that we could at least see each other and she accepted.

Showered and dressed, I showed up at the bookstore with a bag full of goodies which we were able to eat sitting outside. It wasn't exactly a picnic, but it was nice nonetheless. As we ate, Biz confessed that the prospect of the evening ahead was a bit nerve-wracking. Twenty-four hours earlier, she would have felt blissfully optimistic about going out with Stephen, but now she didn't really even want to see him. I was still nervous that once they were together, she would be more likely to get back together if that was what he wanted, so I knew I'd have to prepare myself for that possibility. I asked her what she would do if that was what he wanted. She laughed and said she couldn't imagine being happy with him again after the previous night; this brought a smile to my face. We finished our lunch and I walked her back to the bookstore, giving her a discreet kiss before heading back home.

She called me again that evening just before she was to meet Stephen and said she'd call afterwards to give me the scoop. I headed out with Jim and Rob for some wiffle ball in the park followed by a couple of cold beers at the bar. I had filled them in on Biz and where she currently was, so they were also anxious to know how things went and were understanding when I headed home to await her call. I was pleased that it was still pretty early when she did call. She told me right away that she'd rather have spent the evening with me, which set my mind at ease, then went on to tell me what Stephen had been so fired up to see her about. He'd gotten it into his head that, even though he had broken her heart by dumping her, she would still consider being "friends with benefits" for the summer. She said it was a good thing that she hadn't been taking a drink when he said it because she would have given him a shower. She told him in no uncertain terms that he was dreaming, that things didn't work that way. He appeared taken aback not only by her lack of interest, but also by her resolve; apparently he was expecting her to be miserable without him and anxious for any sort of relationship. She thanked me, saying that if it hadn't been for our chance encounter in the bookstore leading to the previous night, she might have actually welcomed his suggestion. I told her that I didn't think there were any such things as coincidences.

When she was done laughing at Stephen's chutzpah, she suddenly recalled that she had extremely good news to share. The next day was Saturday and, not only did she not have to work, but her parents were heading into Manhattan for dinner and a Broadway show. As if this wasn't enough, they'd also decided that, rather than come home so late, they were going to stay at a hotel so they could kick up their heels a little after the show. What this meant to us was that we had her entire house to ourselves from about 4:30 or so until at least noon the next day. She had just found this out since she'd arrived home, so she was still digesting it and hadn't really thought about how exactly to take advantage of the empty house, aside from the obvious. I suggested that we both think about it overnight and talk about it the next morning. We talked for a little while longer then, after we'd hung up, I started thinking about what I wanted to do most the next evening.

By the time we spoke the next day, we realized that we were on the same page with regards to a lot of things. Obviously we both wanted to spend as much time as possible naked and giving or receiving orgasms, but we also wanted to shower together and Biz said the master bathroom had an awesome tub, so we wanted to take a bath, too. She also wanted to make dinner for me, but I asked whether we could put off eating for at least a little while after I arrived and get right down to business; she was more than okay with that. My requests were simple: I wanted her to wear a miniskirt and a blouse that buttoned up the front and I wanted to live out a fantasy to walk in the front door and receive a blowjob as soon as it closed behind me. I wasn't sure how that one was going to go over, but Biz also thought that would be pretty hot. Lingerie was up to her, but I did request that she wear some because I was looking forward to peeling it off her. I promised her that after I received, I would be more than eager to give.

We set up a time for me to arrive and I headed out during the day to pick up a box of condoms and some wine to go with dinner. I was beyond excited by the time I arrived and, the more I thought about it, the more it made sense to start with a blowjob since it was probably only going to take me about thirty seconds to cum, anyway. Biz opened the front door, looking less "cute" this time and more "sultry." She was wearing a snug, black miniskirt and a short-sleeved white blouse with buttons up the front that were practically bursting off. She took the wine and set it on the table just inside the door as I dropped my backpack to the floor, then stepped in front of me in her high heels and gave me a hard, passionate kiss. I felt her breasts against my chest and my rigid cock pressed against her abdomen. She started sliding down my body until she was on her knees and working on unfastening my pants.

Of course, I was fully rigid in anticipation of not only living out a fantasy, but also in anticipation of experiencing Biz's outstanding oral talents again. My cock sprung out as she lowered my pants and briefs and she immediately took it in her hand, stroking it gently. She ran her tongue around the head before sliding her lips down my stiff shaft, engulfing me fully in her hot, wet mouth. I moaned at the sheer pleasure of having her mouth around my cock and when she began to move her lips up and down my shaft, I couldn't help but ramble about how good it felt. She was an enthusiastic cocksucker, too; I've seen porn movies where the girl wasn't as into it as Biz appeared to be. It was almost as if she was getting as much out of sucking my cock as I was getting out of having her do it, which very well may have been the case.

I was running my fingers through her hair while enjoying the sensation of her mouth sliding up and down my tool as my orgasm rapidly built up. As my cock began to swell even more, she slid her hands from pumping my cock and fondling my balls around to my ass to pull me deeper into her hot mouth. I was trying to resist thrusting my hips toward her face, wanting instead to just enjoy the pleasure she was providing, but it became more difficult the closer I was to cumming. My orgasm continued to slowly build under her oral attention while I enjoyed ever second of it; feeling as though I never wanted it to end, but knowing I'd go insane if there was no climax. Finally, with a cry that echoed through the foyer, I began to spurt down Biz's throat as an extremely intense orgasm overtook my body and I nearly collapsed.

She milked my cock until I was spent and beginning to soften, then sat back on her heels and looked up at me as I praised her performance. I asked her then if she was prepared to show me her bedroom, helping her up and following her up the stairs as I tucked my cock away and pulled my pants and briefs back up. I admired her round ass squeezed into her black mini as I ascended the stairs behind her, failing to restrain myself from reaching out to caress it. Her bedroom looked like that of a typical recent high school graduate with a full-size bed in the middle of it and a dressing table just inside the door. The dressing table had a very large mirror, which I was certain I would be utilizing. Between the dressing table and the bed, I took her into my arms and we began to make out, my hands massaging her ass cheeks. When I finally stepped back from her, I told her that there was something I'd really been looking forward to doing and I began to unbutton her blouse.

Her massive cleavage was slowly revealed, her breasts encased in a sexy, flowery bra in a more subtle pattern than the bikini panties from two nights ago that were currently in my backpack. I didn't take the blouse off right away, just slipped my hands inside to caress her mounds through the material of her bra. Her nipples were hard against my palms and I was anxious to finally suck them, but I was equally interested in just getting a look at her bared breasts. I'm sure Biz was accustomed to the attention her breasts attracted, so my actions were in no way novel to her, but she didn't seem impatient with my interest. I finally pushed her blouse so that it slid down her arms and landed on the floor behind her. As I reached around to unfasten and unzip the back of her miniskirt, I took the opportunity to kiss her again.

Because her mini was so snug, I had to stop kissing her and drop to my knees to work it down. Well, technically I didn't have to get down on my knees, but I liked kneeling in front of her as I tugged the hem and it slowly slid down over her hips and down her legs. Her matching bikini panties came into view and I was careful not to pull them down along with her skirt, wanting to admire her voluptuous figure in bra and panties. When her skirt hit her ankles and she stepped out of it, it was my turn to sit on my heels and gaze up at her. My cock was already beginning to recover as I admired her, but there was still so much I wanted to do before I used it again. I stood and turned her to face her mirror as I told her that just since Thursday I had discerned in her a negative image of her own body. I had her look at herself as I told her not only that I could hardly take my eyes off her, but all of the individual things about her that were so sexy.

I didn't start with her breasts, which were quite obviously her most dramatically sexy feature, instead going for her hips. I ran my hands over the soft flesh there and told her how feeling it made me want to squeeze her. Sliding my hands down to her ass, I squeezed it and told her how I just wanted to hold onto it and pull her against, or down on, my stiff cock. Lowering myself to my knees behind her, I ran my hands up and down her smooth thighs, brushing lightly against her pussy through her panties. Standing again, I turned her head so that I could kiss her, then cupped her large breasts, brushing my palms over her hard nipples. After a few gentle tugs on her nipples, I stepped back slightly and set to work unfastening her bra and sliding it down to reveal her sumptuous beauties.

I could not believe how perfect they actually were. These were not just big breasts; the shape, the size of the areolas, the way they sloped down on her chest, they were works of art and I told her as much. As I explained to her that people, not just men, stared at her boobs not just because they were big, but because they were perfect, I was running my hands over the smooth, soft flesh and gently tugging her hard nipples. Looking into her eyes in her reflection in the mirror, I asked her if she was starting to see her body through my eyes yet and she slowly nodded. I realized that her eyes were actually looking as though tears might be welling up as she thanked me for helping her to do that. I requested that she not thank me yet, because I wasn't done with her.

Dropping to my knees, I looked around at Biz's reflection as I started sliding her panties down, gradually exposing her brown bush. Once she'd stepped out of her panties, though, I had her lean forward, resting her head on her folded arms atop her dressing table. I massaged her ass briefly before spreading her cheeks apart and running the tip of my tongue around her anus. She moaned, but didn't move, as I licked her ass and slipped a hand between her legs to stroke her dripping pussy. Knowing that she was beyond worked up, I stood up and helped her to straighten up, then led her to her bed, indicating that I was anxious to devour her juicy pussy. She kicked off her heels and crawled onto the bed, lying on her back in the middle of it with her knees bent and her legs spread. I crawled up between her thighs and worked my way inward toward her pussy with gentle kisses as she ran her fingers through my hair.

When I finally ran my tongue up her slit and over her clit, she let out a loud moan and squeezed my head. I spent some time lapping up the juices flowing from her pussy, not coming anywhere near being able to consume them all, then refocused my tongue on her clit while slipping a finger up into her. She was writhing and moaning like crazy as I licked and sucked her clit while pumping my finger slowly in and out of her slick pussy. She was so incredibly wet and engorged that my cock was already nearly rigid just at the prospect of slipping into her again. I gazed up over the landscape of her body while I enthusiastically ate her out, seeing her breasts squeezed together between her arms and her hard nipples, which I still had not sucked, sticking out of the middle of her large areolas.

She had gone from simply writhing under the attention of my tongue and finger to rotating her hips rhythmically as her orgasm slowly built up. She was getting so loud that I actually glanced toward her windows to make sure that they were closed and the neighbors wouldn't hear her. Her eyes were closed and her mouth open to allow the moans to escape as I kept at licking and sucking and fingering, doing my best to give her the most intense and pleasurable orgasm she'd experienced, thus far at least. As her moaning began to increase in pitch and her rhythmic rotations became increasingly rapid, I could feel her pussy becoming wetter and even more engorged than it already was. My cock was throbbing in anticipation of fucking her, slipping into that hot, wetness.

She started to tense up as she approached the brink of a massive cum, holding my head so tightly that I couldn't move it. She forced her pussy against my tongue and finger, grinding it as she got closer and closer. Finally, with an animal-like wail, she started to convulse as she rode out her orgasm, still holding my head in place. I kept licking, sucking and fingering as best I could while she bounced wildly on the bed, whipping her head back and forth. She seemed to cum forever and I ended up slipping my finger free and lapping up as much as I could of the additional juices that were suddenly flowing from her. She gradually began to calm down and once she had gone completely still, I raised my head and crawled up next to her.

She turned her head to look at me, glassy-eyed, and just smiled as she caught her breath. I ran my fingers through her hair as she recovered until she finally said she was going to get me naked and fuck me. I told her that I'd left my backpack in the foyer and that was where my condoms were, but she reached over me to open her nightstand drawer. She pulled out an unopened box of condoms that she said she'd picked up when she'd gone shopping for dinner. The cashier at the supermarket had said that it looked like she had quite a night planned and Biz had assured her that she did. I took the box and began to open it while she took off my shoes and socks, then reopened my pants and took them down. My briefs were bulging out, but she took off my shirt next as I was separating a single condom from the strip I'd extracted from the box. As I watched, she rubbed my shaft through my cotton underwear, then grasped the waistband and slowly lowered them until my cock popped out, standing straight up.
