 This story follows "I Reflect on an Interesting Year."

This is an adult sex story. 

Although children's names are mentioned, the children are not in any way involved in anything sexually related.

Enjoy and thanks for the views and the votes. 

****

Early January

Catherine (my wife), Marie and Natalie (my stepdaughters) and I were in Scottsdale, Arizona, spending the week after New Years at the Royal Palms. It's a beautiful hotel, the home of an old citrus growing estate, now part of the Hyatt organization. 

My new bride was having some on and off episodes of morning sickness so we took things easy. 

Being nauseous in the morning was one thing. 

But that first night, after her daughters were asleep in the other bedroom in our suite, Catherine turned into a wild woman. 

My gorgeous blonde wife with the becoming French accented English, dressed all prim and proper as a wife and a mother should, became a sex kitten. 

There was something about either hotel rooms or vacations that unlocked Catherine's inhibitions.

We fucked in the shower, on the floor, on the sofa in our bedroom, on the chair in the bedroom, and we ended up fucking in the big oversized king bed.

I'd come into her and Catherine would lick and tease me back into shape for another round.

At one point she spooned some chocolate syrup leftover from desert onto my cock and licked me clean, getting me very hard in the process. 

On the bed, she got up on her knees, put her head down and said "Pound me Jack. Either hole or both. Your choice. Just do it now please!"

She was right, being pregnant made her hormones go off the charts. 

Lucky me. 

****

In September, we had moved into a leased house as a family and there were some hiccups as me, the new husband and now a new stepdad, was cohabiting with three females who been living without a male in the house for a couple of years.

Marie had started at a new school, and there were some issues with her classmates which we addressed when we held a "Back to School" dance at the country club for all the students. That ended the rumors that Marie was on a financial hardship scholarship.  

We did the same thing for Natalie and the entire 6th grade at her school, only this dance was held at the our car dealership. She was considered pretty cool after we pulled that off. Since getting married in September, Catherine's ex husband was arrested twice for DUI and was subsequently deported back to Canada.

Catherine's mother, Isabella, was at the Betty Ford Center in the Palm Springs area. I had no idea when she would be healthy enough or strong enough to leave. Maybe never.

Catherine's father, Tom, was simply interested in getting laid as many times as he could before he died.

Tom had broken his promises to me about how he would handle his extramarital affairs so many times I couldn't keep count. 

If I didn't know better I'd say he was North Korean. Or Iranian. 

I was pretty sure Tom was going to die fucking some woman who was not his wife, just like what happened to Nelson Rockefeller, the former VP of the United States who died in the saddle while doing a lady in his office in January, 1979. 

I asked Tom to visit Isabella at Betty Ford but I couldn't make him go. 

It turns out he was such a selfish prick, far more concerned about his next piece of ass and where he would be dipping his wick than his own wife of more than thirty years. 

I had asked Isabella if she wanted Tom to come and visit her and she didn't reply. 

It was like Michael Corleone saying to his brother in the movie The Godfather 2: "Fredo, you're nothing to me now."

Maybe they hated each other, who knew. I was certain that if they ever went into therapy together their baggage would have baggage.

I thought the whole thing was just sad.

I did make up my mind what to do about Tom ands his breaking our agreement. 

I ramped up the video taping and planned to confront him on March 31, at the end of the first quarter.

By then I would have enough video to launch another pay per view website with Tom as the main attraction.

My plan was to reduce his salary to minimum wage; cut off his traveling completely and move him out of my house and into a shitty apartment near the Betty Ford Center. 

I would force him to either go into counseling with his wife, Isabella, or I would send him back to Canada alone. 

If he opted to move back to Canada, I would leave it up to Isabella whether or not she wanted to file for divorce. 

If Tom persisted in his wanton ways, he was going to do it in isolation and on his own nickel.

To maintain my focus I did the best I could for my new wife and her daughters, and that meant staying faithful to my wife. 

Despite the temptations. 

Constant temptations. 

To put my erection into other beautiful, willing and horny women. Behind Catherine's back. 

****

With the start of the New Year I was focused on getting back on track with my daily workouts.

On our third morning in Arizona, having fucked Catherine again off and on most of the night, I left her sleeping soundly as I slipped out of the hotel suite just after 5:30am and headed to the workout room. 

I finished huffing and puffing by 6:30 and went to the lobby in search of fresh hot coffee and The Wall Street Journal.

I had no idea someone would be there for me. 

Catherine's oldest daughter Marie was sitting, waiting in ambush. 

Whenever she came to see me, which was seldom, it was a big deal. 

Marie knew I had the ability and the capability to solve problems and fix things. 

I smiled when I saw her and kissed her good morning and got her a hot chocolate. 

"What a pleasant surprise! How did you sleep sweetie?" I asked her. 

I could tell she had been crying.

Red eyes, sort of a flushed face. 

And she had small dark circles under her eyes.

She didn't answer. 

Marie was direct just like her Grandmother and her mother.

"Daddy, can you help my friend Vickie?"

Talking with Marie I learned that Vickie's dad had left the family on ew Years Day; the mom (Janet) was a wreck and the bank accounts had been emptied and there were bills were due. 

Marie knew a little about what was going on but what got Marie's attention was that Vickie had said when they were on FaceTime the night before she was going to have to leave their private school and transfer to the local public school. 

I had first met Vickie's mom Janet at the dance we put on at the country club back in October.

Janet seemed to hit if off with Catherine. 

It turns out that Vickie was the girl that thought Marie was on scholarship at the new school, and was spreading rumors about it. 

Catherine got direct with Janet (Catherine told me all this the next day after the dance) and that smoothed things over.

I met Janet again the next weekend at Natalie's dance at the dealership when she brought her second daughter Annie. 

Annie was in Natalie's sixth grade class. 

Janet seemed to be a pleasant person, attractive and personable. 

I smiled at her, had a very brief conversation with a few laughs but I was more interested in keeping the party moving along and the kids engaged so I had no time to really look at her. 

Janet was just another good looking mom in a suburb of Los Angeles filled with MILFs. 

Over the course of the next couple of months, Janet and her girls were often at our house.

Janet and Catherine became good friends.

Between the two of them they arranged to pick up all four girls and take them to our house after school where they would do their homework and school projects together. Plus Girl Scouts, gymnastics and dance classes. AYSO Soccer too. 

In the days and weeks following those two dances, I would often arrive home at 5:45 for dinner to find Catherine, Janet, Marie, Vickie, Natalie and Annie either finishing up homework, working on a school project or just talking around the kitchen.

Catherine would always greet me with a kiss and from Janet I got a tight hug and a kiss on the cheek. 

(Janet had a set of balloons under her blouses. I often wondered if they were man-made or God given. Her figure was appealing and she was always well dressed when she was at our house).

Marie and Natalie would give me a kiss too and I would high five Vickie and Annie. 

Depending on whether or not Janet's husband was on the road or at home, two, three, sometimes four times a week our two families would have dinner at our house. Always minus Janet's husband. I never met the guy and his name rarely came up. 

I sensed right away that Janet was avoiding her husband. Some of these nights Janet and her daughters spent the night with us. I was fine with this, we had plenty of room and they were nice people. 

Every other week or so I would arrive home to the news that Catherine and Janet were going out to dinner by themselves and that I was babysitting the four girls. 

I never really asked about Janet's husband but Catherine told me early on that Janet and her husband were in a rapid downhill slide. 

She told me the end was in sight for their 12 year marriage. Catherine expected the explosion would occur over the holidays. Catherine never shared any of the reasons behind the breakdown. I never pressed it. 

Those nights that Catherine and Janet went out to dinner the two of them would arrive home around 10:30.

I knew that they had been drinking. Not drunk, just a buzz. Smiling. Laughing.

By the time they got to our house, I had all four girls asleep in separate beds and Janet was going to go upstairs to spend the night in one of the guest bedrooms. 

Those nights she stayed over I am pretty sure that Janet could hear me pounding Catherine in our bedroom. 

Catherine came back from these outings very worked up. I knew Catherine was not out on the prowl with Janet but something was going on. 

I didn't ask about it — I just took advantage of Catherine's higher temperature those nights.

Looking back I think I may have impregnated Catherine one of those nights as she teased me in bed about the possibility of fucking Janet. 

I grew longer and harder when Catherine started in on that and when she said "You'd like to get her pregnant wouldn't you lover?" I exploded in seconds into Catherine with a huge load of baby batter. 

Candidly I had thought about it. When a guy sees an attractive woman he thinks about it.

I didn't dwell on it. It was just a fantasy. Every man has them about one hundred times a day.

Which brings me back to me drinking my first cup of coffee at the Scottsdale hotel early that January morning. 

When Marie was done telling me everything she knew, I asked her to text her friend Vickie and get Janet's number for me. 

In the meantime, even though school was out of session and it was still before normal school hours I texted the head of the private school that Marie and Vickie went to and asked him to let me know the status of Vickie's tuition. 

When I found out it hadn't been paid yet for the upcoming semester I messaged him to keep it confidential but I would be paying it in full for the second semester in the next day or two. And all the rest of the expenses for Vickie. Books, meals, uniforms, extracurricular stuff, whatever. I asked him to send me the total number so I could take care of it. He did. 

Then I called Janet and I told her I did not want to butt in but if she needed help I could certainly do that. 

Legal, financial, whatever.

Janet got through our short conversation without too many tears.

I started by saying that Janet needed to assure Vickie that she would be returning to her school with Marie this next week. And that neither girl had to worry about anything because they weren't moving or selling the house. Life would go on. 

When Janet started to say something in response, to push back, I told her in a low voice, "Janet, this is already taken care of. Its all good. Just take these gifts from us. Okay?"

Janet, through her tears, just said "Okay Jack."

I followed that with a question: "What do you need to cover your bills this month?"

There was some hemming and hawing and a period of awkwardness.

I got the impression Janet didn't exactly know. She said her husband handled that. 

Finally, I said, "I know this is very hard for you. I happen to have a lot of money and giving you and your girls some is not an issue for me. So please allow me to help you out. All I need is a number, okay?" Janet replied "$12,000. Is that okay?"

I said "That is fine" and then I asked her if she could be ready to go over to a local bank at 9am.

When Janet said she could, I told her that I wanted her to drive to my bank where one of my employees (Sharon, my CFO at the manufacturing company) would be there to deposit money into a new checking account for Janet to cover all of Janet's January and February bills. 

Sharon would be the cosigner on this account. 

And that Sharon would give Janet some Visa gift cards and some cash for emergencies. 

At this Janet had some tears, and a few sniffles, telling me she'd never be able to repay me.

I told her not to worry about that; I wasn't worried about repayment. My goal was her peace of mind and security for her family. 

(I didn't tell Janet that once Sharon got the new account number, we would transfer in $15,000 on the first business day of each month until things settled down. The initial deposit was going to be for $30,000. I'd sit down with Janet and explain all this to her later, in person).

I let her cry it out over the phone. 

It didn't take too long; thankfully Janet had shed most of her tears on New Year's Day.

I also told her I was sending over a locksmith from the dealership to change all the locks out. 

He would arrive at 10am and would be done in about an hour.

The locksmith would hand over a new set of keys and would also change out the remotes on the garage door opener. 

That way her husband wouldn't be able to get back into the house. 

I asked her if she had a neighbor she could trust with a spare set of keys and she said "Yes."

I advised Janet to tell the neighbor what was going on and could they keep an eye out in case the husband came back.

If he did come back, the neighbor was to call the police and report a break in.

I asked her if she had an attorney and when she said no I said Catherine and I had a local family law attorney to refer her to.

By now I was back in the suite and I had filled Catherine in on things.

She kissed me good morning and said "Those poor kids probably didn't have much of a Christmas. Janet and her husband probably fought all week long."

I smiled at her and nodded. 

I delivered Catherine's coffee and she smiled back at me and said "Thank you Jack. It means a lot to me and the girls."

Catherine kissed me and asked me for some privacy and I left the suite, taking Marie and Natalie downstairs for breakfast. 

Catherine picked up the phone and called Janet, inviting her to come to Scottsdale with her daughters and have a Christmas do over with us. 

Catherine filled me in on some of the call later that day. 

Once Janet agreed to come to Scottsdale, Catherine quickly got on line and made reservations for the three of them to fly out of Burbank at 1pm and said that I would be waiting for them in baggage claim at Sky Harbor at 2:30pm. 

I spoke to the hotel GM and worked out some additional rooms. 

Catherine made it clear that our guests didn't need to pack anything; we'd get whatever they needed once they got here.

With that news, that friends were coming to join us, Catherine, Marie and Natalie were out the door and shopping by 10am, and even arranged for most of the items they purchased to be wrapped in holiday season paper and bows.

The hotel allowed us to use the Christmas tree they still had up in the small lobby so we could unwrap gifts there.

I picked up Janet, Vickie and Annie at the airport.

Janet greeted me with a huge smile and a tight hug and I could feel that set of large firm breasts under her bulky sweater.

The sweater didn't reveal too much, it was like the iceberg that sank the Titanic. Most of the ice was invisible, below the waterline. Janet started to cry and so did her daughters.

I was a bit embarrassed so I bent down and we all hugged (as Ari Gold used to say in Entourage "Let's hug it out!").

I said to them a couple of times "It's going to be fine. It's going to be fine."

After a few minutes of hugging me tight an overwhelmed Janet repaired to the bathroom to fix her makeup and the girls wanted to know where the hotel was and what were Marie and Natalie doing. 

Janet had checked one bag and the girls carried backpacks on the plane so in no time we had the luggage and we were on the way to the Royal Palms. 

****

Everyone had a snack when we got to the hotel to tide them over until dinner and I watched the girls play in the pool and sit in the hot tub while Catherine and Janet went over to the Scottsdale Mall. They also called the attorney; the attorney had received the retainer and the paperwork that Janet had faxed over and she filed the paperwork before the court closed.

Officially, legally, Janet was separated from her husband. 

They returned around 5pm and the six of them then headed to the local CVS for all their beauty supplies. 

Despite it being the high season, the hotel was practically empty. 

By 6:30 everyone had changed clothes and we went into the lobby and had our guests open their gifts. It was a lot of fun to see Janet, Vickie and Annie opening their Christmas gifts and it gave Catherine, Marie and Natalie a warm feeling to know that they were helping out their friends. 

I enjoyed the laughter and the smiles.

We enjoyed dinner by the fireplace in nearby restaurant that night, with plans to make it an early evening for all. 

I had already booked a two bedroom suite and added two rooms with twin beds in both with the help of the hotel GM.

Marie and Vickie were in one of the rooms and Natalie and Annie were in the other. 

We put Janet in the second bedroom in our suite. 

****

What I found out later that evening was that following that first dance we hosted at the country club, Janet had reached out to Catherine. 

Janet apologized for her daughter spreading rumors about Marie being on scholarship at the new school. 

As it turns out, Vickie and her sister Annie had overheard her parents fighting about money since well before summer and the subject of the tuition was a constant source of fuel in the arguments between Janet and her husband. 

By accident Vickie had overheard a conversation between her mother and the head of the private school about Vickie going on scholarship and the school offered a one time, one semester discount for hardship. Embarrassed about her situation, Vickie used Marie as a scapegoat, not knowing I was her new stepdad and that Marie's financial foundation had gotten much stronger since school let out in June. 

Janet shared with Catherine some of the issues in her marriage and was also clearly interested in knowing more about how Catherine and I connected. 

Janet had known my wife slightly although neither of her daughters had my wife as a teacher. 

Over the course of the fall, as Janet's marriage further deteriorated, Catherine met with her more frequently.

And the subject matter became increasingly more intimate. 

Janet shared more and more about her sexless marriage and of her sexual desires and they both shared fantasies. 

Catherine was coy, not really wishing to pursue anything specific from Janet, so Catherine never came to me and told me anything about their dinners, lunches or coffees. 

But at one point, around Thanksgiving, after sharing a bottle of wine with Janet, right before she found out she was pregnant, Catherine very diplomatically, and without really saying anything, but saying something significant, if you know what I mean, laid out the ground rules for playing with us to Janet.
