 (This is a spinoff off of another of my stories entitled "A First For The Ages." If you would like, you can read it and my other stories. Please enjoy and let me know what you think.)



I was sitting in my room still going over the previous night's events in my head. I had made love to my girlfriend for the first time and she had given me her virginity. My dick began to swell at the visions of her riding up and down my cock. I closed my eyes and laid back onto my bed and pulled my hardening cock from my boxers and began jacking off to my thoughts. As I neared my orgasm my cell phone rang and woke me from my erotic daydream.

I picked up my phone, "Hello?"

"Hey Chance? It's Jean."

"Oh hey, what's up?" It was Rebecca's mom.

"Nothing much. I was wondering if you could come over for a minute. There is something I want to talk to you about."

"Sure. No problem. I just need to take a quick shower and I'll be over there in a little while."

"Ok, sounds good. See you then." Then she hung up. I began to wonder what she wanted to talk about. 

My dick jumped as my thoughts turned to me being alone with this older woman. Jean was a hot late 40's MILF with long blonde hair. Though overweight she was an older, curvier version of her daughter. I began to slide my hand up and down my length again as I envisioned bending Jean over her kitchen table and fucking her from behind. I quickly shook my head to get these thoughts out of my head. "That's your girlfriend's mom. That'll never happen." I told myself as I jumped out of bed and went to the bathroom to take my shower.

After my shower I dressed in a pair of athletic shorts and a tee shirt and put on some sandals and a cap and headed out the door. I jumped in my truck and headed to see Jean. My mind began to wonder again and I started thinking that I should have worn underwear underneath my shorts as my dick started to grow. I tried to push the thoughts from my head but couldn't. My dick continued to grow as my thoughts kept coming back to me slamming my girlfriend's mom's pussy from behind. I finally got control of myself as I pulled into the driveway. I sat for a few minutes to collect myself and then got out and headed to the door.

I knocked on the door and heard Jean tell me to come in. I walked into the living room and was greeted by Jean. She was wearing a very low cut purple cotton shirt and skin tight blue jean Capri pants. She was cleaning and told me to sit down and make myself comfortable. I sat down on the couch and watched as she got on her knees and bend over on her all fours and started pulling things off the bottom shelf of her TV stand. My eyes were glued to Jean's fat ass as she bent over further to wipe the back of the shelf as she dusted. Her thin cotton panties peaked through the top of her jeans as she bent over and it was all I could do to keep my dick in my shorts.

As she finished her dusting and putting everything back on the shelf she turned toward me and sat back and smiled. "That's finally done." she said as she wiped the sweat from her brow. I couldn't help but stare at her huge tits as she sat there. Her cleavage was deep and ample and my dick swelled even more.

"I'm glad you could make it. I was worried you weren't going to be able to." Jean said as she smiled.

"Anything for you Ms. Jean. So what's up you said you needed to talk to me about something?"

She smiled a wicked smile and crawled over to where I was sitting. I stared down her shirt at her big tits as they swayed back and forth in their tight white lace bra as she crawled. She crawled all the way up to my feet and sat up on her knees. She eased my legs apart as she put her hands on my knees. There was no way to hide the tent in my shorts as she started at my crotch. She began to slowly run her hands up my leg as she massaged my thighs. She then began to speak. "I saw what you did to Rebecca last night."

My heart sank. Partly because she had seen me fucking her daughter, and secondly because I felt her hands move underneath the legs of my shorts and dangerously close to my cock. "I am sorry about that. I should have been more discreet and never disrespected you like that."

I jumped as her hand made contact with my dick. She kept gently massaging my inner thigh and let my dick slide onto the back of her hand. "There is nothing to be sorry about. As a matter of fact I wanted to thank you."

I looked at her curiously, "Thank me?"

"Yes. I wanted to thank you because you gave my daughter something that she has needed for a long time. You also helped me out too. I couldn't help but touch myself at the sight of you ravaging my daughter. You helped me have a much overdue orgasm."

I was stunned. She just confessed to me that she watched me fuck her daughter and had also brought herself to an orgasm while watching! I couldn't believe it. "I'm glad I could help?" I didn't know what to say. She smiled at me and said, "That's why I called you over here today. I was so turned on last night I couldn't sleep. I haven't had sex in a long time and I want you to fuck me."

"What?" I said shocked.

"I said I want you to fuck me. I've seen the way that you have been looking at me. You have awoken my sexual needs and you are going to help me fulfill them."

"What about your husband? What about Rebecca? I don't know if I can."

"Well I could always tell Theo about you fucking his daughter right on his living room floor but I don't think you want that do you?"

"No ma'am, I don't." I said quietly.

"Good now stand up and take off your clothes." 

I stood up and eased my shirt over my head. Then my shorts quickly fell to the ground. Jean licked her lips as I stood naked in front of her. "That's quite a big tool you have there. Touch yourself. Now!" I quickly grabbed my rock hard cock in my hand and started to slowly jack myself off. Jean pulled her shirt off and made quick work of her bra as I continued to slowly jack off. As her big, fat tits fell free from her bra I began to quicken my pace. "You like my big titties don't you?" Jean asked as she squeezed her tits together with her hands. "I bet you want to cum all over these big old titties don't you?"

"Yes." I managed to choke out as I quickened my pace even more. 

"What was that?" Jean asked as she stared up at me.

"Yes ma'am. I do want to cum on your tits."

"You'd better not. Not yet. I have bigger plans first. Now come over here to me, I'm going to suck your dick."

I walked over to her and she replaced my hand with hers and began to gently slide her hand up and down the length of my cock. Her hand was soft and it felt wonderful on my cock. I was hornier at that moment than I had ever been. I knew if this kept up I would blow my load very soon. She must have sensed this too and squeezed my dick very tightly. "I am going to suck this beautiful cock now and you had better not cum until I tell you to. Do you understand?"

"Yes ma'am."

"Good." Jean said as she slipped the head of my dick into her mouth. She began sucking more and more of my cock into her mouth and I found it hard to stand. I had received many blowjobs in my lifetime but this was by far one of the best. She was an animal possessed and I tried my best to hold my cum back. As she deep throated my cock she led my hands to the back of her head. I got the message and held her head still and began to fuck her throat. The sensation was incredible. She took my cock like a pro and I quickly began to see the freaky, kinky side of this quiet demur woman. She deep throated me time and time again and I knew I was about to burst. She quickly removed her mouth from my cock and took a deep breath as her spit flowed from the corners of her mouth.

"Are you ready to cum? Tell me now are you ready to cum?" Jean screamed as she began to jack off my cock.

"Yes ma'am I am."

"Then ask me and I just might let you."

"Can I please cum now, Ms. Jean? Can I please cum all over your tits?"

"Yes you may. Cum now! Cum all over my fat tits!" 

She said as she let go of my cock and pushed her tits together. I quickly and furiously jacked my cock. It took mere seconds and it exploded. Rope after rope of hot cum came flying out of my dick and splashed against her heavy tits. I thought I would never stop cumming. As the last few drops fell onto her tits I fell back onto the couch exhausted. I had never cum so hard. Jean looked at me and laughed as she licked some of the cum off of her tits.

"Look at the mess you have made." Jean said as she rubbed the cum into her tits. "I guess you are going to have to help clean me up. Come on follow me."

I got up off the couch and followed her to her bedroom. She stopped in the middle of the room and slipped out of her pants. She then stepped out of her panties and turned to me and I saw her naked for the first time. She was overweight and her body was starting to age but she was still a looker. Her huge tits glistened in the light from the mixture of cum and sweat. Her pussy was hairy but looked more erotic than unkempt. She saw me staring at her hairy pussy and said "You want some of this hairy twat huh? You want to eat this nasty pussy?" I just nodded my head yes. "Well it is the least you could do considering I just gave you a blowjob and let you cum on my tits. Come on."

She walked over to the bed and laid down on her back. I quickly climbed onto the bed with her and climbed on top of her. I kissed her passionately and ran my hand down between our bodies and between her legs. She moaned into my mouth as my middle and ring finger entered her pussy I broke our kiss and started kissing her neck as I continued to finger fuck her pussy. I licked my way down from her neck to her cum stained tits. I didn't care, I was a man possessed by desire. I took one of her hard nipples into my mouth and sucked hard as she moaned out. I gently bit down on her nipple and it made her arch her back and grunt out in pleasure.

I continued my path down her body until I got to her hairy bush. Turned on even more by the smell of her sex I removed my hand from her pussy and spread her puffy lips wide. I quickly launched forward into her hot wet pussy. My tongue couldn't move fast enough as I licked up all her juices that flowed freely. My tongue found a rhythm on her clit as she started to cream even more. She grabbed my head and pushed it hard into her pussy making it hard to breathe. Not to be discouraged I licked faster on her clit and she went over the edge. I was surprised as her pussy squirted her cum into the back of my throat. Stream after stream of cum shot from her pussy as I pushed back away from her. She kept squirting all over my face. As she finally came down off her orgasm she looked at me and laughed.

"I forgot to tell you I am a squirter."

I wiped her cum from my face and climbed back on top of her. "That's ok. I loved it." She smiled and kissed me. As we kissed I lined my rock hard cock up to the entrance of her drenched hole. As I started to push forward she pushed me off of her and got up. "No. Not yet. You haven't earned the right to fuck me yet. Now get up, you still have to clean up the mess you made." As Jean walked into the bathroom I laid on the bed shocked. 

I couldn't believe she just did that. I got up and followed her into the bathroom. We climbed into the shower and she told me to stand there. As I stood there she turned around and bent over and turned on the water. As she bent over she pushed her ass back against me and my cock slid across her soaking entrance. I stood there trying to fight the urge to ram my dick inside of her as she slid her wet snatch up and down my rigid member.

After she got the water just right she turned the shower on and stood up. She grabbed the soap and handed it to me and said, "You can start with my back." I grabbed the soap and started washing her back. I worked the soap all over her back and then she told me to wash her legs and ass. I knelt down behind her and ran the soap up her right leg and then back down and back up her left. As I moved up high on her thigh she spread her legs and bent over slightly. I eased my left hand up the inside of her leg and started to gently run my fingers through her wetness. As I eased a couple of fingers into her pussy I ran the soap over her big ass with my right hand. As the water washed the soap away I fingered her a little faster as I spread her ass cheeks with my other hand. I leaned in and gently licked her puckered hole. She moaned and reached back and pushed my face hard into her ass."

"That's right! Lick that little asshole!" Jean moaned as I began to ream her with my tongue. She began to moan louder as my tongue entered her ass. She really seemed to enjoy this new turn of events and wondered if she had ever had anyone lick her ass before.

She straightened up and turned around to face me. I went to stand up but she pushed me back down to my knees. "Now do the front." She ordered as I took the soap back in my hand and started washing the front of her legs. I stood up and looked at her as I started to rub her pussy again. She just smiled and shook her head no and moved my hands to her hips. I continued to wash her as I washed her stomach and then on to the valley of her breasts. I soaped her chest and then dropped the soap and began to massage the soap into her breasts with my hands. As I caressed her huge breasts in my hand I started to gently pinch and pull on her nipples.

She arched her back and took me by the back of my head and shoved my face into her left breast. I quickly took her hard nipple into my mouth and began to suck her tits. Her breathing became harder as my right hand slid down to her waiting pussy again. She began moaning loudly and gyrating her hips as I fucked her with three fingers and gently bit on her nipples. Then she surprised me and pushed me away. "Now clean yourself off."

"But I dropped the soap."

"Fine, I'll get it."

She turned around again and bent over to pick up the soap. I couldn't stand it anymore. I grabbed her hips and pulled her to me. My cock standing straight out in front of me easily entered her slick hole. She took my entire length all the way inside her pussy in one hard stroke. I just stood there with my cock buried to the hilt in her fat warm pussy, trying not to cum. Her velvet vice gripped my cock as we just stood there. Then as I pulled back to start fucking this wonderful pussy she stood up and my cock fell out. She turned to me and said, "Clean yourself. There will be plenty of time for that later." She stood there watching as I soaped up and washed off. After I washed she kissed me and said "Soon."

She turned the water off and we stepped out of the shower and dried off. She grabbed me by the hand and walked me back to her room. She led me to the bed and pushed me onto my back. "Now I am going to fuck you like you have never been fucked before. You will do what I say when I say it and maybe I will let you come. Do you understand?" I quickly answered "Yes, I understand."

Jean climbed onto the bed and stood above me and then lowered herself onto my waiting cock. I was in heaven as her slick pussy engulfed my hot rod. She quickly found a quick pace as she bounded up and down the entire length of my cock. She grabbed my hands and put them on her tits and I started to play with her nipples as she rode me faster. Her aggression was relentless as she began to scream out. She slammed down hard on my cock and braced herself against my chest as her pussy squirted all over me and the bed. As she came back to earth she looked at me with fire in her eyes and began to ride me hard and fast again.

I took this opportunity and flipped her onto her back, my cock never leaving her pussy. I sat up and put her legs on my shoulders as I began to fuck her with all my might. I fucked her hard and fast and she loved it. "That's it! OH FUCK! Fuck me you bastard! Fuck me harder! Fuck my HARDER!!!" I slammed into as hard and as fast as I could. I had never had anyone fuck me like this. She was something special.

She pushed me off of her as she got on her hands and knees. I quickly positioned myself behind her and reentered her from behind. The feeling of her pussy was indescribable. I began thrusting into her with reckless abandon again as she started screaming her erotic profanities again. As I fucked her from behind I eased my middle finger into her big round ass. She began to push back as I fingered her ass. I thought I would be brave and pulled my cock out of her pussy and lined it up to the entrance to her ass.

"What do you think you are doing? Did I say you could fuck my ass?"

"You know what; I really don't give a fuck Jean!" With that I eased my rigid cock just past the ring of her tight ass. She moaned out surprisingly in pleasure and pushed back against me taking more of my cock into her ass. I began to fuck her tight ass slowly at first and then started picking up speed. I really began pounding her ass as she reached up and started rubbing her clit. It didn't take her long to cum again as her cum squirted all over me and the bed again. I never let up my assault on her ass. I kept pounding harder and harder into her sweet ass. 

"You can cum now! Cum in my ass! Cum in my ass now!

I slapped her ass hard and said "I'll cum when and where I want to. Do you understand?" She just moaned out. I slapped her hard on her ass again and said "Do you understand?" She moaned and said "Yes." I slapped her ass hard again as I continued fucking her red ass. "I can't hear you. Do you understand?" "YES!" Jean screamed as she started rubbing her pussy again.

I pulled my cock out of her spent ass and told her "Turn around and tell me to cum on your face."

She quickly fell to her back below me and said, "Please! Please cum all over my face! Please cum all over my face!"

I grunted as my cum erupted from my cock. My cum splashed hard against her cheek and nose as I kept cumming and cumming. Completely spent I fell back onto the bed and looked at the carnage that had happened. My girlfriend's hot mom lay before me well fucked with a face full of my cum. The bed was ravaged and soaking wet with her cum. As Jean laid there staring up at the ceiling with stars in her eyes, I got up and got dressed.

"If you need to talk again you know where to find me." I said to Jean as I walked out of her room. I walked out to my truck and looked over and saw Jean's neighbor, Cherry standing in her front yard. She smiled and waved to me and I thought to myself that the only nice thing to do would be to go over and say hello.

"Hey Cherry. How have you been?"



If you liked this story and would like to read more of my stories please leave me a message and feedback. I love to hear from my fans.