 They say that all the best stories have their roots in the truth. This story is a fantasy, but springs from actual situations and experiences. I leave it up to the reader to guess at how far things actually went! 

This is my first foray into erotic fiction; it would be great to receive your feedback!  

*

I guess it was inevitable. We'd been playing around the edges of an affair for years and now, after all that time, the moment when we took the plunge had finally arrived. I waited nervously for the knock on the door, starting at noises of passing cars in case it was hers, trying to find things to do to take my mind off what was about to happen. 'Get a fucking grip!' I admonished my reflection in the hallway mirror 'Calm down or it'll be a disaster!' 

Dirty flirting was we had called it. It began as chatty emails within which I'd indulge in some harmless flirtation. It wasn't that I was looking for something new; it was simply what I did, I was known by all my wife's friends for being "all talk", a nice guy with a funny line in outrageous chat, but who was in reality, as faithful as a puppy. However, with Sally things were different. Instead of the usual squeals of indignation and scandalised laughter that usually followed my wicked advances, Sally responded with open enthusiasm. Try as I might I couldn't determine whether she was playing me along, or actually serious. I was taken aback and suddenly, intensely curious about how far I could push things.

I'd known Sally for a long time and I confess that I had never thought about her in a sexual way until the flirting had begun. I'd been a guest at her wedding for crying out loud! Where I was approaching fifty, Sally was still in her thirties. She had short, fair hair, a slim build and an open, bright smile. 

Our e-affair settled into a cycle of flirtation. We would tell each other that we were doing nothing wrong, but by this time we were texting to make it easier to keep our activities secret. 

Things would begin with a harmless innuendo that went back and forth, each text pushing things a little further, until it built to a pitch where we'd both be so turned on that we'd talk about taking it to the next level. At this point our consciences kicked in and despite huge frustration we would declare a cooling off period of no contact. A few days, maybe even a couple of weeks would pass and then things would begin again. 

We had been going through this cycle for years now. There had been a couple of occasions when things had got really hot. Once or twice we had exchanged a series of graphic descriptions of what we'd like to do to each other, 'textual intercourse' as we had dubbed it and, twice Sally had popped round for a coffee when I 'just happened' to be alone and we'd lost control in a brief and breathless frenzy of kissing and over-clothes fondling. Each time we'd both stopped shy of going further, agreeing that we both had too much to lose and afterwards we spent several weeks guiltily avoiding any contact at all.

In one conversation I had talked about the frustration I felt and jokingly suggested that we should have sex just the once so that we could "get it out of our systems". Sally responded with trademark enthusiasm, but warned that it might take more than one time to work!

Each time I ask myself why I allowed the flirtation to carry on. I was happily married to my wife Jill and we'd been together for twenty-one years now, our two boys nearly grown men. Sally had married Max nine years ago, I knew from what she had told me that things weren't always great, but I didn't know if she was falling out of love with Max, or if she was simply looking for a bit of fun on the side. 

The birth of Sally's first baby saw a hiatus of dirty-flirting texts for several months. I promised myself that I would not let things start up again. Not when a child's family was at stake. There was so much more to lose.

Things had been quiet for a while, and our texts had been just friendly banter, but two weeks ago I had celebrated my forty seventh birthday. I felt the presence of all the clichéd paranoia's of middle age waiting patiently like circling vultures, getting ready to descend upon me. I'd joked with Jill that I was due for my mid-life crisis. She had smiled at me and told me that I wasn't allowed one.

The day after my birthday I was back in the office when my phone jangled musically to tell me that a message had arrived. It was from Sally apologising for not texting greetings on my birthday and asking if there was any way she could make up for being late, a winking emoticon making it clear what she meant. 

I replied: 'I don't know, I'm pretty upset ☹ what did you have in mind? ☺'

After a short pause a text arrived 'I'd like to suck you off.'

I nearly choked on my coffee at Sally's directness. Usually our conversations would heat up gradually, cloaked in so many innuendoes, double intendres and euphemisms, that I never knew if she was being serious or not; yet here was a bald, straightforward statement, without even a smiley face on the end to indicate that it was a joke. 

My heart started pounding with the idea, my imagination going wild with what it would be like, my curiosity going crazy. At precisely the same time the sensible, rational voices of my conscience were coming up with reasons to not go any further under any circumstances. I ignored them.

'What a lovely and thoughtful present that would be! ☺' 

I pressed the send button and stared at the screen waiting breathlessly for her reply. 

As soon her reply landed I stabbed at the keypad with feverish fingers to see what she had put. 

'I thought so too! ☺' The text read, 'But should I swallow, or would you like to cum all over my tits?' 

Thankfully I was alone in the office so no-one heard my over-excited giggling. I bounced up and down on my chair scarcely able to breathe and I could feel my face flushing red. With trembling fingers I typed my reply. 

'Could you offer me a pornstar-style cumshot all over your face and in your mouth? ☺' 

I paused before I pressed the send button, inwardly debating whether I would be pushing things too far. 

I pressed the button.

For a full minute I stared at the screen as if willing the reply to arrive and wondering if I'd gone too far. Seconds seemed to drag out into hours and then, with the familiar jangle her reply landed. 

'Sounds great! When are you free?'

After that, the flirting stalled as we both backed away from the edge. We voiced our usual reasons why it would be madness to go further (despite the intense frustration we both felt) and we agreed that it was a shame we couldn't just have a 'get it out of our systems' shag. 

A few days passed without further texts arriving. It didn't stop me from visualising Sally kneeling in front of me, sucking on my hard cock until I spurted gush after gush of sticky cum all over her. I found myself daydreaming about this image at work and would have to take a minute to let things calm down before I could safely stand up and move away from my desk.

One evening, Jill greeted my return from work with a thoughtful smile. For an irrational, gut-churning second I wondered if she had somehow discovered something about my e-affair, but it wasn't that. It was something else, something that made a whole load of possibilities leap into view.

'My sister called, she's asked us down to her place for a few days during the Easter break.'

'Oh... right.' I replied trying not to show signs of the panic that I had felt seconds earlier. 'Hang on though,' I said, beginning to think once more, 'you do know that Easter is my busiest time at work? I don't think that I'll be able to get any time off.'

'Ah, well, that's the thing.' Jill replied, 'You're not invited.' Jill laughed at my confusion. 'I told her that I didn't think you'd be able to get away, so she asked if I'd go down with the boys; you know how well our two and her two get on,' her face showed a sudden concern. 'So long as you don't mind a few nights on your own.'

My mind was already racing, turning over the possibilities in my head. 

'Will you be OK driving all that way?' I asked, her sister lived on the south coast and Jill wasn't fond of motorway driving.

'Well, you see, I won't be driving; turns out that there's a train service that goes pretty much all the way to her town with just one change. You drop us at the station on Saturday morning and we'll be there mid-afternoon!'

'You've worked all this out already haven't you?' I raised a cynical eyebrow.

Jill managed to look guilty for only two seconds before she laughed, 'Oh come on! You'll love it! You will be able to live the bachelor lifestyle for a few days!'

I wondered what Jill would have done if she knew how much of a bachelor lifestyle I was thinking about living!

As the Easter break approached, the image of me cumming over Sally went over and over in my head. I re-read her texts offering to suck me off again and again. 

I couldn't figure out why I was thinking about it all the time. It wasn't as if I wasn't getting sex with Jill. Jill was passionate, in a quiet, 'don't-wake-the-kids-up sort of way, but it was just that what Sally had proposed was so excitingly...messy. I angrily told myself that it could never happen, whilst thinking of ways to make it happen.

Dropping Jill and the boys at the station had been a rushed affair, last minute packing and running down checklists had made us late, so after a peck on the cheek and a promise to call that evening, my wife and kids ran across the car-park and into the ticket office. 

The car seemed quiet as I drove back. The house seemed to echo as I put the coffee machine on and made some toast. 

I booted up my laptop to check my emails and afterwards went onto Facebook. I typed into my status: 

'Well I've waved goodbye to my wife and kids and waved hello to my new bachelor lifestyle!...For a few days at least!' 

As the sarcastic and humorous comments of my friends arrived, I wondered if Sally had read it. I wondered if she would call round knowing I was on my own. I wondered what I'd do if she did.

The weekend passed slowly. Having the place to myself just felt strange. I had the opportunity to do whatever I wanted but, rather ironically, I couldn't think of anything that I wanted to do. 

By Sunday night I hadn't heard anything from Sally and I was trying hard to put her out of my mind and get on with things. 

The working week dawned with me on the early shift, meaning a painful awakening from a deep slumber, but by two o'clock in the afternoon I was home again.

In order to distract myself from the fantasies I was having about Sally, I decided to spend a couple of hours down at the gym and was getting my kit together when a text message landed.

'Hi bachelor boy! Just dropped Tilly off at Mum's, are you home?'

My heart seemed to leap forcefully within my ribcage, Sally's mum lived just five minutes walk away. 

'Yeah, I'm around, I'll get the kettle on! ☺' I could scarcely press the right buttons my hands were trembling so much. 

So here I was, waiting for her to arrive and feeling jumpy and nervous. The voice of my conscience warned me to go no further, but I felt that I was somehow committed, as if the decision had been made, there was no backing down now. 

A few minutes later there was the sound of footsteps on the gravel drive and the doorbell chimed. This was it!

Sally stood on the doorstep, her hands in the pockets of her woollen jacket. She seemed to be huddled against the early springtime chill. She smiled awkwardly and I could tell that she was just as nervous as I was. For a second I considered backing out. Telling her that this was madness and then she said; 'Are you going to invite me into your bachelor pad?' 

We both laughed, our nerves making everything seem funnier than it was. I bowed deeply, indicating that she should enter. I took her coat, intensely aware of the curve of her shoulders and the heady fragrance of her perfume. Beneath her coat she wore a plain, black t-shirt that clung to her body and a pair of skinny jeans that emphasised the curves of her hips and shapely bottom.

I turned to hang the coat in the cloakroom; when I turned back Sally was standing in the middle of the hall looking at me with a curious expression on her face. The house seemed deeply, oppressively silent, I frantically tried to think of something to say just for the sake of breaking the silence, but could think of nothing. 

Slowly, but purposefully, Sally walked over to me until we were very close. She tilted head back and she gently kissed me.

At the touch of her soft lips and her silky tongue my nerves seemed to vanish and my desire for her awoke fully. Our kiss became deeper, my hands sliding across her back and around her buttocks, pulling her closer to me. 

The voice of my conscience faded into silence, I was going to have this woman and to hell with the consequences! This realisation stirred my desire to new heights. Breathing hard, I planted wild kisses down Sally's neck and along her collarbone. I sucked on her earlobe as my hand slid under her t-shirt. 

Sally giggled and gently pushed me away. 

'Go easy tiger, I've told my mum that I was having a coffee with a friend, she won't be expecting me back for hours, so...' she kissed me so softly on the cheek so that I only felt the merest whisper of her touch, 'there's...' she kissed my neck. '...no need to rush.' She laughed again, kissed me on the nose, took my hand and led me upstairs.

The afternoon sun spilled through the blind and across the bed in brilliantly bright streaks. 

We kissed again, this time more slowly. I felt her fingers getting hold of my shirt and lifting it up. I raised my arms and the shirt flopped to the floor. We embraced again, the sensation of her hands on my bare skin made my cock twitch and harden. 

Our kisses became more passionate; our hands explored each other's bodies with greater urgency. As I pulled at her t-shirt I felt her hands start to unbuckle the belt of my jeans, she popped open the buttons of my fly one by one. My cock was straining at the leash desperate to feel her touch. 

With a swift, fluid motion I pulled up her t-shirt, she raised her arms instinctively and there she stood with her black, lacy bra displayed enticingly over her pale, ivory skin,

As Sally leaned in to kiss my neck, I reached to unfasten her bra and it obligingly sprang open without the need of any schoolboy fumbling. I looped a finger through one of the shoulder straps, stooped to kiss her neck in turn and, as I slowly pulled the strap down the contour of her shoulder, I followed it down with a string of kisses until the bra fell away and my mouth was poised over her breast. 

Sally's tits were small with perky nipples that were already hard and erect. I took one of them into my mouth and slowly slid my slick tongue around it. Sally uttered an involuntary 'Ooh'. The unfamiliarity of Sally's moans seemed to ripple through me and my cock twitched to full hardness against the soft cotton of my boxer shorts. I started to flick the hard nub of her nipple with my tongue, gently at first and gradually increasing the intensity and rhythm, feeling the tension in her body growing. 

'Ooh... oh fuck... oh fuck!... OH FUCK!' her body twitched away from me. Breathing hard, she looked at me with a kind of wild longing in her eyes, 'I want your cock inside me now!' 

I popped the button of her jeans and unzipped them, slipping my hands inside her panties kneading the smooth flesh of her buttocks. 

As she went to sit on the edge of the bed I pulled down her jeans and panties and managed to remove both in one swift movement. She flopped backwards onto the bed with a laughing squeal. Now completely naked, her legs were spread invitingly before me. 

Trying to hide the way my hands were trembling, I slid my boxers and jeans to the floor and stepped out of them.

I could see Sally looking down at my stiff cock that stood out from my body like a flagpole. She moaned softly at the sight, wanting it inside her, but wasn't going to be rushed. I dropped to my knees and pushed her legs up until her pussy was spread directly below my salivating mouth. 

With deliberate slowness I lowered my mouth over her until my tongue hovered over her glistening, wet pussy. I breathed in her soft musk. With the very tip of my tongue, I probed the lips of her pussy, feeling the slick wetness and tasting her salty but sweet juices. I felt the cool touch of Sally's hand around the back of my neck, drawing me into her.

Ever so slowly I trailed my tongue upwards from her pussy lips until I found the firm nub of her clitoris. As soon as I did, Sally's back arched and she inhaled sharply. I slid my hands up, over her body until they softly brushed her taut nipples causing another gasp and her body juddered. 

Slowly and softly I licked at her clitoris forcing myself to take my time. As the tension in her body increased, her hand pulled at my neck trying to increase the intensity as she approached orgasm. 

I could feel her body trembling with desire as the tempo of my tongue increased relentlessly. I felt the muscles across her flat stomach knotting up and heard her breathing coming in short panting breaths as her climax was building. I increased the rhythm of my flickering tongue again and gently pinched and pulled at her nipples, which prompted a kind of wailing cry. She was almost at her climax now about to crash over the edge. 

At once I pulled away and stood up. She lay on the edge of the bed in front of me; her arms still flung outwards, hands still clutching at the quilt, face and chest flushed. She wore a look of confused frustration. 

'Don't fucking stop and leave a girl hanging! GOD!'

I raised a mocking eyebrow. 

'You're a very rude girl aren't you?' 

'Fuck off!' she cried starting to laugh. 

'What a charming young lady! And I thought you wanted this.' With my hand around the base of my engorged cock I waved the glossy head at her before tapping it softly onto her clitoris. 

Sally squealed and drew her knees up, her eyes fixed onto my stiff manhood. 

'Oooh God yeah, give it to me!' she pleaded. 

'Are you sure?' I asked, my voice betraying a sudden uncertainty as I momentarily heard the voice of my conscience. 

I immediately berated myself for asking such a stupid question. Here was Sally, naked, her legs apart begging for me to fuck her and I'm asking if she's sure!

As I started to stammer an apology I felt her cool hand wrapping itself around my cock and her legs encircling me. I gave up trying to think of what to say as she pulled me into her. 

She was so hot and so wet and my cock slipped into her with such a slippery ease that I realised with a rush of near panic that I was almost ready to come!

I withdrew hurriedly, trying to control my breathing, waiting for the blood to stop it's dizzying drumbeat through my head. 

'Bloody hell!' I gasped, waiting a few seconds for the feeling to die down. 'Let's try that again' and I slid my cock back into her slick pussy.

Sally arched her back her back as I entered her. Her mouth was firstly drawn back into a grimace, before changing to form a soundless 'Ooh.'

For a few seconds I remained motionless as the realisation of what we were doing washed over me. Now that we had taken this final step I felt giddy, curiously liberated. Gradually I began to move in and out of her, waves of pleasure rippling from my loins. 

Sally's intense gaze seemed to be locked onto mine as I gradually increased the tempo. She was so wet that each thrust made a soft, liquid clopping noise that was interspersed with Sally's soft, involuntary moans each time I slid into her.

Out of the corner of my eye I caught the reflection of our forms in the full-length wall mirror opposite. It looked amazing. Our bodies locked together, rocking rhythmically, her nipples dancing as each thrust slid home. 
