 Thank you to everyone for being supportive of me as I try to write again. The last installment was short, but only because I felt like I did enough on it. I thought of the next part this morning and felt like just typing it out and submitting without the usual routine I go through. I do hope you like it and vote. If you want more info regarding the main characters, I encourage you to read the first three chapters. 

*****

Carl met her up at the top of the stairs with a deep kiss. Amy's kiss felt inferno like, as if her lips were on the lips of a volcano. As he released the kiss and saw her eyes twinkling at him, he felt desired, almost like prey before they both walked into his room. It didn't take long for Amy to shed her clothes while Carl did the same. Pretty soon, Amy was in Carl's favorite outfit as she climbed onto the bed on her knees, beckoning him forward with her index finger. 

"I need you, Carl," she said breathlessly. 

Carl went down to bended knee and spread her legs apart. Amy's pussy was sodden wet, almost to the point of gushing. Carl began to use his tongue on her. Amy threw her head back at first contact, her right hand grabbing his short black hair and pulling his face into her pussy. She was already close from the antics in the backyard and knew that Carl was about to get a face full of her climax. Carl's tongue began darting inside her as he started to feel how hard his cock was getting. A plan formulated in his mind as she began to grab his hair more. 

Her climax was majestic. She screamed loudly as her pussy released its tribute to Carl's tongue and face. Carl loved the taste of Amy's pussy and the fact that he had complete access to it. It was a moment before he climbed on the bed and started to slap his cock against it as Amy looked up at him almost sleepily. He then stopped abruptly and climbed off the bed. Amy was shocked. 

"What the f..." she started to yell before she saw him looking at her hungrily, the green cord in his hand. 

"Are you gonna..." She started to say before Carl interrupted her. 

"It was your idea, wasn't it?" he said, a sadistic smile crossing his face. 

Amy was stunned before she smiled. She was curious about being tied up and now her lover, the only man she had ever been intimate with was about to fulfill her fantasy. She quickly brought both wrists forward and watched as he tied them together. He then wisely slipped a finger in to ensure the lashings were loose enough before he then placed the same finger at the entrance of her pussy to feel her wetness. As he thought, she was even wetter. He then brought the wrists above her head towards the headboard and ties them to one of the posts so she couldn't move. 

"Are you okay," he asked. 

She smiled gleefully at him. "I trust you," she replied. 

"Just in case, the safe word is power ranger," he responded in a deeper, more serious voice. 

He then slid his cock back towards her pussy and plunged in as deep as he could. Her moan was excited, intoxicating as he plowed into his slutty girlfriend. He was taking as much out of her as he was giving to her, fucking her like it was the last fuck he would ever have. Amy writhed under him, enjoying every thrust. She looked up in his eyes and saw something different. It was a hunger, wolf like. 

Carl was enamored by the sight before him. His goddess was tied up before him while he penetrated her. He could feel himself edging closer as he took her. He looked down at her eyes and saw the contentment in her face. It was as if this was where she wanted to be. As he tried to slow down his thrusts, he felt her ankles pushing his ass to force him deeper. 

"Cum for me, lover..." She whispered. 

It was an epic explosion for him. He felt like the head of his cock blew off inside her as his eyes closed. He heard her moan loudly as he did. As he slowly opened his eyes, he saw her eyes were still closed. He slowly pulled his deflated cock out of her and went to the side of the bed to untie the cords connecting her to the bed. He then slipped next to her in bed and started to untie the cords on her wrists before she leaned forward and kissed him. He returned the kiss slowly, feeling the last resistance give to her. As they lay together in his bed, she snuggled against him. 

"Could we go to U-dub together?" she asked. 

Carl whispered, "I'll go anywhere with you, Amy." 

Amy felt that feeling in her heart again. The feeling that she was where she wanted to be. As she drifted off into slumber, she felt at peace.