 "Hey sexy, how does this look?"

I turned and looked over my shoulder to see Sarah posing in the doorway, legs apart and hands behind her back, but it was what she was wearing which left me momentarily speechless. 

Shiny black hotpants with a zip-up front, matching stockings - latex I think - and high heels which were secured with padlocked ankle straps. She wore her collar, as per usual, but that was all. Her tits hung free with a chain swinging between clamps attached to her nips.

"Wow! You've been shopping again?"

Yeah, Katie at the shop suggested these pants and stockings when I popped in to see her after work. I have a present for you but that will wait 'til later. I just couldn't wait to show you these!"

"I'm guessing that's an outfit for staying in rather than going out?" I asked vaulting the back of the sofa. I couldn't wait to run my hands over Sarah's arse and legs. I had a thing for stockings and heels (what man didn't? Be honest!) but seeing Sarah's legs encased in shiny black rubber had me hard and horny. 

"Where do you think you're going? I'm in charge tonight and you'll get to touch me only when I say so. Kneel with your hands behind your back. That's it. Now, keep them there or you don't get to cum in me tonight. Or on me. I know how your mind works you dirty boy."

I knelt before Sarah, my cock straining hard to get out of my jeans, and stared at her legs and heels. She turned round and bent over running her hands over the shiny stocking and holding her ankles. 

"Your arse looks amazing in those pants.. wow, does that zip go all the way from front to back?"

"Um, yes .. can you think of a use for that?" She spread her legs a little and unzipped the pants and then with both hands reached behind to show me her holes. "How's that?"

"Perfect!" I started to stand.

"Wait! What did I tell you about me being in charge? Kneel back down, now!"

She turned back to face me, spreading her legs wide before dipping two fingers into her cunt. 

She stood before me, so close I could smell her sex. "Taste." She said presenting her cunty fingers to me and I licked them clean. 

"More?"

"Yeah, let me taste your cunt, babe."

Balancing on her left foot she lifted her right and placed her stockinged leg over my shoulder. The latex close to my face made my cock throb again and she pulled me into her crotch with her heeled foot against my back, the tip of the heel lightly scratching me there. 

"Wait. Wait until I tell you to lick me."

She shuffled a little, getting her balance before tightly gripping my hair with both hands and thrusting her wet snatch at me. "Lick me now, you dirty fucker. I want to feel your tongue in me and you're not stopping until I say I want you to stop. Fuck me with your tongue and make me fucking cum!"

I got to work, not needing to be asked twice, my tongue diving between her lips and into her hot, wet hole. "Oh, yes!" She gasped, "you are so fucking good at that. No, keep your hands where they were, no fingers. Do I need to handcuff you? Just fuck me with your slutty tongue!"

Sarah was grinding hard against my face and her juices were smeared over my chin. I could smell her cunt mingled with the distinctive smell of the new latex pants and stockings and as I strained to get my tongue further inside her I felt her tense up before squealing in delight. 

"I'm cumming!! Don't stop, one's not enough tonight." 

I kept it up - kept it up her, in fact - and alternated nibbling her clit with licking as deeply as I could. "Oh, I like that you filthy boy! Chew on my clit! Fuck! Yes!! 

Sarah's veil tightened and my face was jammed hard against her sex. I could barely breathe but feeling and hearing her cum like this was so good. I held my breath and hoped she'd let me up for air!

After a third orgasm, Sarah relaxed a little and leaned against me, still with her leg over my shoulder but gently stroking my hair. "Oh, babe, that was good! I could hire you out for your cunny skills; I'd be your pimp! I have so many friends who need to try out your tongue."

Sarah I wrapped her leg and knelt before me, zipping up her latex hotpants before kissing me. "You taste of sex, babe." She smiled. "Want to see your present? I think you've earned it." 

She stood, taking my hand and led me up the stairs and into our bedroom. "Undress for me. That's it." She reached into her bedside table. "Close your eyes."

I waited for Sarah to find what she was looking for, then heard her cross the room before taking my cock in her hand, giving it a couple of firm strokes before gripping it firmly. I buy my tongue as I felt her slip something over the head of my member before sliding it down to the base, where it gripped my shaft toughly just above my ball sack. 

"It's a cock ring, baby. Lie on the bed, I want to try it out." 

I did as I was told and Sarah, climbed astride me, unzipping her pants again. "Now, let me see .. a-ha!"

The ring buzzed into life and Sarah sank down fully on my cock, grinding against me "This is as much for me as it is for you, babe. The vibrating bit presses right against my clit when I'm riding you. Oo, fuck! I'm going to cum already! Fuck me, that's good!"

I felt her spasm as she came and held her arse, enjoying the feel of the new pants and stockings. "Thanks for my present!"

"Oh, this isn't your present, I gave something much better for you. Well, for us, really." She jumped off me and skipped to her drawer. "Close your eyes again. Don't open them until I say so."

I heard her rummage in the drawer, followed by her shuffling about, grunting and then tightening and buckling some straps. A new corset then. I couldn't wait to see it.

"Open them." 

I was wrong, so wrong. 

Sarah stood with hands on hips; a cock between here legs, held there by a leather harness. I thought she'd been joking or teasing; talk of a strapon just a natural escalation of her filthy imagination and talking dirty while we fucked. 

It looked a similar size to my cock, at least in length, and Sarah stroked it like it a real member, gasping a little.

"It's actually a double dildo," she explained. "There's a decent sized length in me too, so when I fuck your bum it's going to be giving me a good fuck too!"

I stared at the fake cock, nervous and horny by equal measure. 

"How do you want it then, you dirty fucking slut? From behind? On you back? Maybe I should lie back and have you ride my cock. God, I can't wait to see this sliding into your bum. I want you to beg me to fuck you. You're going to look like such a slut. I'm going to gag you, you know. I want you to feel dirty while I use you." 

She squirted lube onto the toy while she passed me the ball gag. "Put that on."

I opened my mouth wide enough for the ball land buckled it while she stroked the strapon, lubing it up for me. 

"It's a slightly bigger ball gag. I thought we might need two at some point. I hope you don't mind. Now, get on your back and lift your legs up for me." I felt dirty and helpless, totally at Sarah's mercy. God, I loved it though. 

A quick squirt of lube on my arse hole and Sarah leaned forward without saying anything until the head of the dildo pressed against my bum. Steering it with one hand while leaning on the other she bore down, gradually pushing the toy into me. My ring opened up gradually, little by little until suddenly it popped inside, almost two inches deep. I flinched, gripping the bed and Sarah stopped before gradually applying a little of her weight and pushing her cock into me. 

"I'll stop if you want me to, babe, but something tells me you want to fucked like a dirty, slutty bitch. You want me to treat you like a whore."

She was right. I wanted it and reached for her latex covered arse, pulling her into me. 

"I fucking knew it, you slut. I'm going to fuck you so hard!" A little faster now, she pressed her length home before declaring, "I'm in you. You have all seven inches of my cock up your bum hole."

I held her tight; one arm around her waist, the other on her arse pulling her into me. I lifted my legs higher and she shifted a little, pushing the dildo in as far as it could go.

"I'm going to fuck you now," she said before slowly withdrawing, pausing and pushing back. Oh fuck, this was good. I was getting fucked by a strapon and it was incredible! She withdrew again before sliding back in, slightly faster. Again. And again. She was gasping and panting; grunting with her exertions as she fucked the rubber cock into my arse. Faster now with no pauses, her rhythm was relentless; my hole slicked with lube took the cock with ease. 

"Ohhh, I'm cumming!" she shouted. I'd forgotten about the other end of the toy which was in turn banging into her with every stroke she made into my arse. "I want you to cum too, baby, I want to see you cum with this up your bum!" 

I held on for dear life as she continued to fuck me harder and harder, my legs around her waist as he fucked me into the bed. I was close and Sarah seemed to sense it, sitting back slightly and gripping my cock while keeping the strapon buried in my arse. She spat on my cock and wanked me off, knowing how to hold me to make me cum quickly.

It didn't take long and after maybe only a dozen strokes I screamed into the gag and shot hot jizz up over my chest, into my face and the gag, even going as far as my face.

"Oh yes, babe, that is so fucking hot! You look filthy with cum on your face, I'd love that to be me!" She reached behind my head and unbuckled the ball gag. I breathed deeply before she kissed me hard. With the dildo still deep in arse and my cum sandwiched between us, I looked and felt dirty but wanted it again. I loved Sarah taking control and telling me what to do like that. 

She broke away from kissing me, sliding the toy from my arse and pinching my nipple. "Good boy, you can stay." She laughed like a drain.