 Friday night and I'd come home from work absolutely exhausted. It had been a difficult couple of weeks and I was glad it was a bank holiday weekend.

Sarah was home first and a glass of wine was poured for me almost as soon as I'd got through the door. "Here you go, babe, this will make you feel better." 

I took a swig and kissed her on the lips. "Thanks, I need it. Would you mind if we stay in tonight and go out tomorrow instead? 

"Not at all. I'm fact I was looking forward to an early night myself. You go shower while I make your tea and then I'll rub your back and shoulders and help you relax. How does that sound?"

"Perfect!"

I headed upstairs to the bathroom and undressed before stepping into the shower. I turned on the water, stepping under the jets as soon as it reached a decent temperature, and began lathering my arms, legs and chest with shower gel. The citrus scent perked me up and I washed my hair and wondered if I would get a full massage from Sarah. I'd settle for just my shoulders but her massage skills were something else. Maybe it would lead to something else too. I picked up the shower gel again and soaped my cock and balls, feeling my erection grow with the stimulation of my hand and the thought of Sarah's attentions. I lathered between my legs and up the crack of my arse - if Sarah was in the mood for a fuck I didn't know quite what to expect after our last few sessions but it wouldn't hurt to be prepared. I slipped a finger up my arse hole and jerked off a little.

A call from downstairs that supper was ready brought me back to reality and I jumped out of the shower, towelled myself dry and pulled on slouchy jogging pants and a T-shirt and hurried down to eat.

The pasta that Sarah had put together was wonderful; just what I needed and she topped up my glass as we talked about our days. The stresses and hassles of work were forgotten thanks to the combination of good company and good red wine. 

Sarah took our bowls and to the kitchen, topped up our glasses and took my hand. "Come on. Upstairs and I'll give you a massage. The washing up will wait 'til the morning."

I followed her up the stairs to our bedroom and sat down on the bed. Sarah pulled my shirt up over my head and patted the bed,

"Lie down babe. I'll get some lotion"

I stretched out on the bed and squirmed, pressing my hardening cock into the mattress. 

"Arms by your sides, I think, and spread you legs a little. That's it."

I listened to Sarah squirt a little lotion into her hand and warm it by rubbing her hands together before she went to work on my shoulders and neck. She kneaded the knots out of my shoulders, before working her way from my neck, down my back. "How's that, babe?" She asked.

"Perfect, don't stop." 

"I'm not, I want to make you feel good. Lift up for me."

I felt her hand slip into the waistband of my pants and lifted up off the bed a little so she could slip them down my legs, then over my feet and off. More lotion was applied and Sarah then got to work on my thighs, arse and calves before even massaging each foot, one at a time. I groaned as she trailed a nail down the soles of my feet, and then worked her way back up my legs and began kneading my arse cheeks. 

This seemed to be going way beyond a normal massage and that was confirmed as she pushed by legs further apart with her knee and applied lotion along the crack of my arse and stroked there, back and forth, up and down, teasing my balls and occasionally pressing a thumb or finger against my hole. 

I stretched a little, rubbing my no hard cock into get mattress and spread my legs further still. I was getting used to the attention Sarah paid my arse these days and wondered what she had planned this time. 

"You're spreading your legs like a slut! You dirty boy, do you want something in your bum again? Do you want me to fuck you, is that it?"

I felt her finger press at my hole again as she squirted a little more lotion there before the tip of her finger popped in.

"Oof, mmm, that's good."

"Tell me what you want, babe. Do you want me to finger your bum and wank you off?"

"Yeah, that sounds good. Do whatever you want to me, I love this."

She reached between my legs and squeezed my cock. "Oh, you do love it! You're very hard. Should I put this in my mouth or make you wait? Hmmm." She jumped off the bed, instructing me to hold on then not to peek as she climbed back, straddling my legs. 

"Right then. I hope you like this as much as I know I'm going to enjoy it. I think you will." I heard something rattle and then the blindfold was over my eyes and buckled behind my head. I hadn't expected this but fuck, it made me feel even hornier. What was she up to? 

"Roll over. On to your back. That's it. Now, hold out your hands." I felt her attach something to my wrists which had to be the cuffs and then felt her lips around the head of my cock. I was happy to lay there and take whatever Sarah's dirty mind had in store for me, especially if it included a blowjob!

With my member still in her mouth I felt her hands behind my knees and she lifted and bent my legs, giving her access to my arse hole again. She swiftly bobbed up and down on my cock before sliding one then two fingers into my waiting already lubed-up hole. 

"God, that's good, really good!" 

"Yeah, you like that? You look great like that with your legs wide and you bum presented to me. I don't know which deserves more attention - your bum or your cock. Wait a minute."

She disappeared again and I resisted the temptation to lift the blindfold to see what she was doing. A minute later my arse was opening again but this time for what had to be our butt plug. My hole stretched around it as Sarah pushed it home. Much quicker than the first time she'd put it up there, but I wasn't complaining. I wanted it up there. I wanted to feel it pressed into me and to be at Sarah's mercy. 

Once again she took my cock into her mouth, right to the back of her throat, holding it there until she choked. She repeated this a couple of times before sitting up and tapping the base of the butt plug. 

"I'm going to fuck you with my bum toy. I love the way your slutty bum looks with a toy in it; it's so greedy looking, like it doesn't want to let it go!" I felt her take my cock firmly with her left hand and with her right she took the plug. The pressure on my ring as she pulled on the toy made me gasp and bite my lip. She withdrew it by an inch or so before pushing it back in. 

"Ooo, fuck!" 

"You are such a slut! Look at the way your bum is stretching around this toy!"

Out again and then in; and again. Each time, Sarah pulled it out a little further before pushing it back a little bit harder. "I'm fucking you with a toy. Do you like it? Do you want me to keep going? Tell me what you want."

She had started to stroke my cock with her other hand while the butt plug went in to my arse, over and over. "Oh god, that's amazing, really good, I love that!"

"Are you sure you've not had your arse fucked before? It does seem to be something you're used to. Tell me you want to be fucked up your arse. Tell me you want a toy up there."

"I want it. I want you to fuck my arse!"

"Maybe we need a strapon. I'd could hold you while I fuck you then. It seems fair, doesn't it? I'd love to have my own cock. What do you think? Would you like to see me strap on a cock before you lay down and let me fuck you? Before you get on your hands and knees? Maybe I'd make you suck my fake cock and hold on to your hair like you do when I go down on you."

"Oh god I'm going to cum!" I shouted.

"Is that a yes? You want a strapon up your bum? You want to be fucked like a girl?" 

"Yes, anything you want, it feels so good."

Sarah sped up her wanking and as I groaned, pushed the toy deep into my arse and closer her mouth over my cock, just as I came. I grabbed a handful of hair with both hands, holding her there until I was finished, releasing her before flopping back on the bed. 

"Oh.my.god"

I still had the blindfold on and the toy uk my arse up my arse but I was just happy to lay there as my pulse slowed down to a normal speed.

"You liked that? It seemed like you did."

"Yeah, just a bit!"

"Sit up. No, leave that one." Sarah took my hand and helped me off the bed before leading me across the room, still blindfolded and with the butt plug sticking out of my arse. Oh well, I could hardly worry what that looked like now, not after what we'd just been doing!

Sarah put a hand on my chest and told me to sit. I sat down gingerly. When I felt wood against the back of my thighs I realised that the kitchen chair was still in our bedroom. 

"Woah!" As I sat down, the toy pressed yet deeper into my arse. Just like it had done the other day when I'd done the same for Sarah.

"Good, huh? It really jams it up there, right?"

I tried to move but realised that the suction cup was effectively fixing me to the chair as well as the toy! Still, it wasn't unpleasant and as I moved, the toy shifted and I felt my cock stiffen again. 

I felt Sarah take my hands and within seconds the cuffs were linked behind the chair. I wasn't getting off this until she chose to let me go! 

"What are you thinking?" I asked.

"You'd be better off asking what I'm not thinking of; seeing you like that is making me so horny! How's that toy making you feel?"

"Er, full!"

"Can you get free? Try for me."

I wriggled and tried to stand but with my hands cuffed behind the back of the chair I couldn't get any leverage. I tried but failed.

"No, no chance. All I'm doing is fucking my arse harder every time I move"

"I bet that was your plan all along, you dirty slut boy. I better make sure though, just in case you find a way."

I heard Sarah rummaging round and wondered what she might be up to. My cock was throbbing thinking of the possibilities, especially as I had tied her to the same chair last weekend. 

"Ready?" She was behind me. I felt her hands on my left and ankle and realised she was cuffing me into the leg spreader. 

"How's that? Comfortable?" She ran her fingers through my hair and kissed me deeply before buckling her collar tightly around my neck. "I hope you like that as much as I do. Even before you tie me up it makes me feel helpless and so slutty."

I swallowed deeply. I was so horny and I guess a little nervous too but now I knew why Sarah enjoyed this sort of thing so much. I felt her playing with the collar and realised she'd tied it to the chair - the same as I'd done to her.

"Fuck, you look good enough to eat like that. That toy up your bum will be making you feel really hot I guess. Do you want to cum?"

"Desperately! Wank me off or suck me off. Please!"

"Me first!" She lifted the blindfold and I was surprised to see her totally naked in front of me. I guess she must have stripped off while getting the collar and leg spreader. "You love watching me play with myself don't you. I know you do." 

She climbed on to the edge of the bed and spread her legs. "How do I look? Would you like to be in me?" She picked up a what looked like a butt plug (I didn't know she had two but to be honest, nothing surprised me any longer) and slid it into her wet cunt; quickly in and out to coat it in her juices before pushing the tip into her arse. "I probably need a little more lube but I can't wait." She pushed forward onto the toy and with the palm of her hand applied enough pressure to jam it home. "Jesus, that's tight!"

Sarah licked her finger tips before rubbing her clit furiously and sliding her fingers between her lips. "Like what you see?" I strained against my cuffs. She reached behind her and produced a dildo, maybe 7 inches in length and fatter than the average cock. She sucked and licked it before gripping it with both hands and sliding it slowly but purposefully into her wet hole. She gasped but kept going until it was buried right up to its fake balls and then holding it in place with one hand, pinched a nipple before proceeding to fuck herself hard with the thick toy. 

"Yes, yes, yes!! I'm fucking cumming, oh god!" I stared, unable to do anything but watch as my girlfriend came in front of me with a pair of fake cocks. I'd have given anything to be untied at that moment. 

Sarah stood up from the bed and walked towards me. She pulled the blindfold down and I felt something pressing against me lips. The dildo I guessed. "Taste me, baby. Clean off my toy for me." She sat astride me and kissed me, her tongue replacing the dildo. "God I want to fuck you so much. How's your cock doing?" She inched forward so the tip of my stiff cock pressed against her cunt lips, grabbed a handful of my hair and sank down hard on me, burying my full length into her recently fucked hole. 

"Oh yes, that's amazing," I gasped.

"Don't you dare fucking cum. You wait until I tell you you can cum or you're staying on the chair much longer than you're expecting."

"I'll try, I promise, but I'm so close, I'm so, so close!"

"You'd better not let me down," She whispered in my ear while grinding her wet cunt on my cock. "You cum too early and I'm going back to my dildo and you can watch me fuck myself. I bit my lip and tried to think of something else; anything else. Not easy as my hot girlfriend used me like she'd just used her toys. She was so tight with her arse still stuffed with a toy. Fuck! This was unbearable.

Sarah lifted her legs and placed her feet on the edge of the seat beside my thighs and held on the the back of the chair to increase her leverage as she fucked me harder and harder.

And then stopped. "Wait. I have an idea." She climbed off me and disappeared for maybe 30 seconds before sliding back into my lap. She touched my lip and slid her fingers into my mouth and I let her do so, licking her finger tips, only to be rewarded with the ball gag being pushed into my mouth. 

"Umph!"

"Shush now, baby, I'm in charge." She buckled the strap behind my head, kissing the ball protruding between my lips and then, reaching between our legs, guided my cock back into her cunt. 

"I've taken my toy out of my bum, baby," she whispered. I'd like to feel your cock up there. I'd like you to cum up there. Is that okay?" I groaned. "I'll take that as a yes, then."

She lifted herself off me and carefully steered my cock head towards her arse hole, rubbing me against her cunt lips again and then pushing down on to my stiffness. "Oh yes, that's what I needed!"

Already stretched by her butt plug, her arse took my cock without any trouble; one firm movement and my balls were jammed against her thighs and arse cheeks. She lifted her legs like before and holding the back of the chair started fucking me hard. I mean really hard.

"Fuck my arse you dirty fucking slut. Fill me up, I need to feel your jizz in me. Come on!" Her arse cheeks lapped against my thighs as she fucked onto me, after every couple of strokes grinding hard against me. "Yes, you can cum now, you dirty slut boy!" 

I'd been holding off for too long and now the tightness of Sarah's arse, her tits pressing against me and her dirty talk combined to bring me to orgasm. I came in her and screamed into the gag as Sarah kissed me, or rather she kissed the ballgag she'd stuffed in my mouth. I felt her cum, just after me, and she ground down hard against my cock before eventually relaxing and holding me tight. We both breathed hard together until Sarah lifted the blindfold from my eyes. 

"You are perfect. I love that you'll let me do that to you. I love that you're going to let me fuck your arse with a strapon! Wow, baby, you're such a dirty boy."

I'd have answered if I wasn't still gagged. I'd have probably agreed. How could I not?