 I left work for the day at lunchtime on Friday, saying that I wasn't feeling well. I drove to your place and called you from a pay phone outside. We chatted for a few minutes and then the conversation turned to sex. Of course, this elicited the normal response from our bodies!

"Damn, my dick is getting hard." You said.

I smiled to myself. "Good." I replied. 

"Too bad you're not here to suck it." You said, laughing.

"Oh, but I am." I answered. "I'm right downstairs. Buzz me in."

"What?" You said.

I laughed. "If you want me to suck that hard dick of yours, buzz me in."

"Are you serious?" You asked.

"Very serious! And my pussy's wet! Buzz me in!"

You buzzed me in and I was at your door within a few minutes. You let me in and locked the door behind me. I leaned back against the wall and pulled you against me. Looking up into your eyes, I put my arms around your neck. You leaned down and kissed me passionately. I put my hand on your crotch, rubbing your cock and yes, you were most definitely hard!

I dropped to my knees. I undid your belt, unzipped and unbuttoned your jeans and pulled them down. You stepped out of them and kicked them aside. I took my time, bathing your smooth balls with my warm tongue. Then I began to lick the head of your hard dick like I was eating an ice cream cone while I stroked the shaft slowly and firmly with my hand. I smiled up at you. You were watching me, your eyes full of lust, obviously enjoying the show. I removed my hand and took just the head of your cock into my mouth. I sucked it gently. Then I slowly took in more and more of you until my greedy mouth had engulfed your whole cock. I sucked you gently at first then began to stroke you up and down, sucking harder and harder. On the upstroke, I ran circles around the head with my tongue, then plunged down hard and fast, taking all of you into my hot mouth again. I put my arms around your hips and pulled your body against me, squeezing your ass. You moaned out loud and I sensed you were close to cumming. I stroked you faster, sucking as hard as I could. When I felt your hot cum streaming down my throat, I moaned. It felt so damn good! I continued sucking hard until your orgasm was over. 

"Get up." You commanded in a hoarse whisper

I stood up and you grabbed my arm and pulled me to the bedroom.

You pushed me down on the bed and lay down on top of me. I pulled your shirt off over your head. You unbuttoned my blouse and I wriggled out of it. You rolled onto your back, pulling me on top of you. You reached around me and unhooked my bra. I pulled it off and tossed it aside. You pulled me down close to you and greedily licked and sucked my nipples. Then we rolled over again and you undid my jeans and pulled them off. You pushed my legs apart roughly and dove right into my pussy, licking and sucking eagerly. I was moaning and whimpering, my hips humping against your face involuntarily. I squeezed my breasts, gently pinching the nipples. You thrust your hot tongue inside me and sucked my clit gently. I reached out with both hands, grabbing handfuls of the sheets, and cried out. I was completely out of control, and I LOVED it! I came harder than I ever had before. The sweet cum was flowing out of me and you licked it up greedily, hungrily. 

You laid down next to me. I curled up against you and we went to sleep.

About an hour later, the phone rang. It was the Comcast guy. He was right downstairs. You pulled your clothes on and went out to the living room, closing the bedroom door behind you. 

After he finished his work and left, you came back to the bedroom with two beers. You opened them and handed me one. We drank quietly for a few minutes. Then you laid yours on the table next to the bed, took mine and placed it next to yours. You stood up and pulled off your shirt. As I watched you remove your jeans, I let my right hand drift down my body and began to touch myself. 

You smiled and said, "Yeah, I like that. Play with it. Get it nice and wet for me."

You moved down to the end of the bed and sat between my thighs, watching my fingers work. 

"Push your fingers in there. Fuck that pussy." You demanded.

I obeyed. I fucked my hot wet pussy with two fingers and rolled my hips slowly, moaning softly.

"Doesn't that feel good?" you asked.

"Oh, yes. . ." I whispered.

I pulled my fingers out slowly and we licked them off together, looking into each other's eyes.

"I want you to fuck me. . ." I pleaded.

I rolled over and got on my hands and knees. You licked my hot pussy and my tight little asshole for a long time. God, your tongue felt so fuckin' good!

"Please baby, fuck me!" I pleaded again.

You put your hands on my hips and pushed your hard cock into me from behind. You stroked my juicy pussy hard and fast, holding onto my hips tightly. After just a few minutes, I felt the orgasm building inside me; it was so close. I whimpered and moaned, pushing back against you.

"Yes, fuck me hard!" I cried.

I came hard and cried out your name, my steaming pussy squeezing you inside me. You grunted and your orgasm exploded inside me shortly after mine.

You laid down to catch your breath. I looked at your cock, glistening with my juices. 

"Mmmm. . .that looks tasty. May I?" I asked, smiling.

"Be my guest." You laughed.

I bent down and slowly licked and sucked my sweet cum from your cock. When I was sure that I hadn't missed a drop, I laid down next to you. You rolled over onto your side and looked down at me. We kissed softly. You smiled down at me. Then you laid down again. I put my head on your shoulder and draped my arm across your chest. We drifted off to sleep.