 As I went down the boardwalk looking at the gorgeous houses and the wonderful view, another beautiful thing caught my eye—a handsome man standing on the balcony of a Spanish style villa. I must have been staring because he looked down and caught me off-guard when he asked,

"Enjoying yourself?"

I smiled and nodded.

"Well, it's a beautiful day, but I think I'd enjoy it more if you'd join me," he said.

I nodded and he smiled. Shortly after I walked onto the patio, he came out to walk me into the house.

"Family room, kitchen..." he announced as we walked through the house.

We went upstairs and he continued to show the rest of his place. I really hadn't heard much since I walked into the house. I was distracted by his tan, muscular back which curved down into his board shorts. So, when we got to the master bedroom, I was right behind him. As he turned to me looking like he was going to go on about the house's additional amenities, he stopped when he looked into my eyes. He shook himself out of a daze.

"I'm sorry. It's been a long time. Thank you for joining me," he said.

"I'm glad you asked," I said.

I leaned up to kiss him. For having waited a long time, he was still a delicious kisser. I pulled him closer by the waist of his pants noticing that he had nothing on underneath. He smiled as he continued to kiss me. He grabbed my hand and walked to the blue satin covered bed. He laid me down slowly getting on top of me. I could feel him hardening. I wrapped my legs around him to get him closer. He reached behind me and unhooked my top throwing it on the floor. Between the kissing, his thickness, and his skin on mine, I was getting very wet.

He began to kiss my neck and down my nipples. He went down to my stomach kissing all the way. He slipped off my bottoms and paused a moment to admire my body. He kissed me down my tan, bikini line and then flicked his tongue on my fleshy nodule. As he realized how wet I was and was getting, he excitedly nibbled my sweet candy button and plunged his fingers inside me. I squirmed on his satin bedspread as he brought me to eruption. He looked up at me with a mischievous smile. He dropped his shorts, and it was as if his rod was baited because I was immediately reeled off the bed and onto my knees. I sucked this tasty thing and fondled his boys.

"Stop, stop," he moaned, "I'm going to come."

"That's okay, "I said continuing to stroke him.

I put him back into my mouth sucking harder and faster. I felt him pulsing and swallowed as his load filled my mouth. He collapsed on the bed next to me.

"I'm sorry. It's just been so long," he said. He continued to explain that he was almost married the previous year until he found out that his fiancé had been cheating on him with his best friend.

"Truthfully," he went on, "I don't know what I am looking for anymore. You're the first person I've found myself attracted to in a long time."

I smiled reassuringly.

"Anyway, are you hungry?" he asked changing the subject.

"Yeah, I could definitely eat," I said.

He took me downstairs into the kitchen. I hopped up on the breakfast island as he prepared a salad with buffalo mozzarella and prosciutto and a pasta dish with chicken. Food and nudity is such a wonderful combination.

"I was a chef in an Italian restaurant while I was going through school," he explained. He went on to explain that he had actually studied to be a doctor but felt like he was being pulled back into the restaurant industry. Ultimately, he went back to the restaurant becoming close to the owner and ended up buying a share in it.

"It's great to be able to determine my schedule for the most part," he said.

He put the plates down.

"I'm really hungry, too," he said.

He laid me down and spread my legs tasting my delicacy. My back arched and my pelvis thrust as his tongue was crazily entering and leaving me. He penetrated me with his fingers and watched as I moaned. He tasted me again until I erupted.

"Okay," he said smiling, "Time for you to eat."

He set out the splendid meal with a chardonnay.

"I hope you like white wine," he said, "I picked it up when I went to France to finish studying culinary arts. I really haven't had an occasion to open it. I must say you're quite an occasion."

"I love white wine," I smiled, "Actually, red, too. I'm not too hard to please as long as you do."

After the meal, I exclaimed, "That was so good! Thank you. This was so unexpected." 

Even after saying that, I didn't feel that it was enough. I got up and sat on his lap.

"Thank you," I said and kissed him passionately.

"You're welcome," he said and continued with our passionate kissing.

Our kissing was getting so deep that I could feel myself wetting his lap. He must have too because he put his fingers inside me and played my swelling passion. I was feeling another swell against my leg and began to stroke him to attention. Once he was fully erect, I had to have him inside me. I moved his hand aside and turned to face him. I continued kissing him wedging his stiffness between my lips and his stomach. I sat up and guided him inside me grinding and squeezing until we were both moaning. He held my lower back and bounced me on him.

"You feel so good," I said.

"Mmm, you too," he said.

We erupted and collapsed on the chair with him still inside me. We got up and he grabbed my hand. We went back upstairs through the master bedroom.

"Wait here for a minute," he said motioning for me to sit on the bed.

I heard the water go on for while and then he came back out. He escorted me into a lush bathroom with a huge Jacuzzi tub.

"Isn't this cool?" he said and turned on the jets, "Can you tell I just got the house? I'm still excited about all my new toys."

It was so sweet to see a guy getting so animated over anything. It had been too long since I'd been around such great energy. We got into the tub together.

"Mmm," I moaned taking pleasure in the warm water, the jets, and the wonderful nakedness next to me.

We leaned back against the pillows on opposite sides. We promptly fell asleep. When I woke up, the jets were off and I was feeling a little pruny. Before I could even think about being uncomfortable, I noticed his fat rod in the water. I couldn't resist. I stroked it in the water. He slowly woke up and smiled when he realized what I was doing. He kissed me leaning me back against the other side of the tub penetrating me deeply. I grabbed him by the hips and ground into him.

I nodded and moaned, "Uuh, uh..." as I came again.

As we were toweling off, he said, "Hey, do you want to see my deck?"

"Definitely," I nodded.

We ascended the spiral staircase and opened the door to expose a stunning deck surrounded by acrylic to allow a 360 degree view with the beach in the front and houses around the back. I walked towards the beach side in awe of the view.

"It's wonderful," I gushed.

"And you fit right in," he smiled.

He laid his magnificent nude body on the chaise lounge facing the beach. I laid on the other and basked in the sun.

"Mmm, this is heaven," I moaned involuntarily, "I could get used to this."

"You should," he said sitting up on his elbow, "I don't mean to sound disrespectful, but you're smokin' hot!"

I smiled shyly, "Not to be disrespectful, but I have to say the feeling is mutual."

He pulled my chair next to him and kissed me. His flavor again teased me into wetness. Our kisses got deeper and I reached for his rod which was already on its way. He scooped me out of my chair and onto his lap facing the ocean. He grasped my hips and penetrated me. I ground into him. He rubbed my throbbing hood, and I erupted again. As I drenched him continuing to grind him, I felt him pulsing inside me.

"I'm coming," he said.

I could only moan in ecstasy. I fell back against him and he gave me a bear hug.

"This has been kind of a strange day, but I must admit one of the best in my life!" he said.

"I have to agree," I said.

"Can I take you out to dinner tonight?" he asked.

"I would love to have dinner with you," I answered.

As I got ready that night, I thought, "What a great day to get off the boardwalk!"