 Darnell and Kim awaken feeling the effects of the wonderful events from the evening before, lying on their sides looking at one another smiling. Kim looks over at Darnell smiling her soft sexy little smile.

"Are you going to work today or aren't you? I hope you make the right choice, because if you don't you wont soon forget it I promise you." Kim whispers and laughs in a very sexy soft tone.

"No sweetie, I'm not going to work today, and for that matter I am not going to work for the rest of the week my queen." Darnell replies looking deep into Kim's eyes. Darnell rolls over to the nightstand and picks up the phone, he calls his brother.

"What's up?" Darnell's brother asks, and then there is a long pause. 

"Hey man, I am not going to be able to make it into work for the rest of the week, I am spending the week with my girl." They talk a little while longer, and say their goodbyes, and Darnell hangs up the phone. Darnell rolls back over, and takes Kim into his arms kissing her slowly and softly. 

"I love you so much." Kim whispers.

"I love you too sweetie, and I would give you the world if I could."

Darnell and Kim get up and walk into the kitchen to make coffee, as they sit at the table enjoying their coffee they talk till early afternoon. Kim looks at Darnell with this sexy look on her face, as she stands up and begins to remove all her clothes.

"I'm going to take a shower. You can join me if you would like to."

"You know I wouldn't pass up taking a shower with my baby girl. Let's go what are you waiting for?" Darnell replies as he disrobes heading back toward the bathroom. Walking into the bathroom Kim and Darnell get into the shower, and wash each other's bodies. As Kim washes Darnell's manhood it begins to grow erect in her hand. Kim moans softly as she slowly begins to stroke it her loving touch. Darnell although enjoying what Kim's doing, stops her. Turning off the water Darnell gets out first, turning around he helps Kim to step out. Darnell and Kim dry each other off. Walking back into the bedroom Darnell takes Kim by the arm, and leans her across the bed. Darnell takes a hold of his hardened mass of solid rock hard love stick, and slowly slides it into Kim's awaiting wet, and dripping pussy. Kim shrieks as Darnell enters into her as Darnell gives her a few long and sensual strokes, and takes it back out again.

Darnell teases Kim like this off and on until around nine o'clock that evening, and by this time Kim is all kinds of mad at him for doing so. While sitting in the living room watching TV Kim looks over at Darnell.

"Are you going to do something about what you have done to me all day, or are you just going to leave me horny as hell, and do nothing?" 

"What would my baby girl like for me to do? Darnell replies in his sexy accented teasing tone.

"I WANT YOU TO FUCK ME, AND I WANT IT NOW." Kim replies in a demanding but meaningful tone. Darnell gets up not saying a word, and walks back into the bedroom collecting a few things from the closet that he will need to make this a night that Kim won't soon forget. Placing all of them except the blindfold onto the nightstand Darnell walks back into the living room, and ties the blindfold around Kim's head, he helps her to stand up, and leads her back to the bedroom. Laying her down on the bed all of a sudden Kim can feel what she thinks is a pair of handcuffs being put around her wrists and closed, then around her ankles as well. 

"Darnell, I said I wanted to be fucked not tied up like some dog."

"Just be quiet my queen, and leave it up to me I know you will enjoy this." After handcuffing Kim's arms and legs to the bed, Darnell leaves the room and goes to collect a few more items he will need to make this evening even a little more exciting. Darnell places the items on the little tray he has set up along side the bed. 

"What the hell are you doing? Hurry the hell up I'm waiting." Kim shouts out, as she is getting antsy. Darnell slides up on the side of the bed beside Kim, and puts a bowl of strawberries, and a bowl of whipped cream between them. Darnell takes one of the strawberries dipping it into the whipped cream, and slowly starts to feed Kim one at a time. Then grabbing the cherries he has also brought in he begins to slowly feed them to her as well. "MMMM you are so good to me I love you baby." Kim whispers in this sweet low tone. "Don't thank me yet dear, I am not done yet." Darnell replies in his sweet sexy accent. Grabbing a long feather off the nightstand Darnell slowly begins to run it down Kim's cheeks, and down over her chest, over her breasts, down her belly, over her clean shaven mound. The entire time Kim's body is squirming around cause the feeling of the feather is ticking her. Suddenly Kim begins to scream.

"DARNELL PLEASE STOP YOU'RE GONNA MAKE ME PEE BABY PLEASE STOP!" Darnell just looks at Kim.

"Go ahead and pee, I don't care. I will even give you something to do it in." sliding down between Kim's legs Darnell takes and runs his tongue over Kim's pussy lips, wrapping his mouth around her pussy awaiting her wonderful yellow nectar he loves so much. "Oh baby are you sure about this?"

"Yes I am baby girl, now give it to me." Darnell replies as he continues to slowly run the feather down Kim's belly. 

"Ok you asked for it, and now your gonna get it." Kim screams grabbing onto the back of Darnell's head pulling him further into her, her back arching, as she releases all her yellowish nectar into Darnell's awaiting mouth. Darnell feeling Kim filling his mouth starts drinking as much of it down as he can, but some spills out, and down onto his goatee, and onto the covers. Kim coming to the point that she thinks she is done, asks Darnell to come up to her, for she wants to lick his lips clean of her nectar. Darnell slides up Kim's body, as Kim slides her hands into his hair, pulling him down to her. Slowly, and very seductively Kim runs her tongue over Darnell's lips and over his goatee removing all her nectar. Darnell locks his lips to hers as their tongues danced that wild forbidden dance. Darnell slides his massive, rigid, shaft deep inside Kim's screaming, dripping wet snatch. Suddenly Kim feels the urge to pee again, and says not a word, but slowly releases it all over Darnell's now throbbing rock hard mass of love meat. Darnell now feeling what Kim is doing says nothing, and waits till Kim is done. Darnell now standing up on the bed takes a hold of his mass of love meat and starts unloading his own yellow nectar all over Kim's breasts and belly, as Kim moans grow now louder.

"How does that feel baby girl?" Darnell asks.

"Oh it feels great." Kim replies. "Don't stop baby." Darnell hearing this continues to unload all over Kim's body till he can give no more. Darnell and Kim after a couple hours of wet play get out of bed, and head back to the shower to get cleaned up. Getting in they wash each other once again and get themselves out. Walking back into the kitchen Darnell walking behind Kim grabs her by the arm and spins her around. 

"What baby, what's wrong?" Kim asks looking a little startled.

"Nothing, absolutely nothing." Darnell replies as he starts to kiss Kim's body from top to bottom. Moving back up Darnell turns her around putting her hands on the wall. Darnell starts licking her calves, and the backs of her knees, for Darnell knows this turns Kim on to no end. Working his way up her thighs he stops just below her ass, admiring her round, tasty perfect shaped ass. Taking his hands placing them on Kim's ass cheeks, he starts to spread them little by little until her rose bud comes into view.

Taking his tongue Darnell starts to tease Kim's rose bud lightly, stopping he begins to nibble her right ass cheek, then the left. Kim now getting a little on edge starts to moan in her sexy loving voice.

"OH GOD BABY PLEASE DON'T TEASE ME, I WANT YOU INSIDE ME. PLEASE COME ON BABY FUCK ME, I WANT IT NOW!" Darnell hearing this stands up and grabs Kim by the hips and slides his massive rock hard monster up inside her awaiting wet snatch, and starts fucking her like a man who hasn't eaten in a week. Faster and faster he pounds her little pussy till she starts to scream in pure pleasure.

"OH MY GOD YESS BABY!! FUCK ME, POUND THIS PUSSY AND MAKE IT YOURS MAKE ME SQUEAL FUCK YESSSSSS FUCK ME!!" Darnell starts fucking Kim now even harder, deeper and faster till the both of them cum together and collapse in the middle of the floor. Cuddling together, neither one of them move till the next day.