 “Baby, do you really have to go to work today? I don’t want you to leave me. Please baby, please stay with me.” Kim whispers in Darnell’s ear. She kneels in behind him. he sits on the edge of the bed getting ready for work. Darnell covers his ear so Kim can’t be naughty as she normally is running her tongue around his earring.

“Baby, don’t do this.” Darnell replies. “You know I have to work today. My brother has that really big job I was telling you about and he needs my help. You be my good girl and let me go to work and I will come home for lunch. But only if you are a good girl.”

No matter what she tried, it just wasn’t working. Usually when she starts at his ear that always seems to work. However this time he was just to mentally strong. He has that job in his head and just what they have to do today.

“I have an idea for you, Kim why don’t you write another one of your wonderfully hot stories for me. And when I get home you can read it to me. Writing always passes the time for you, you know that baby girl.”

“Yes I know.” Kim whispers “And you know full well that when I write it makes me extremely horny. What am I supposed to do when your not here?” Sliding her hands around the front of him running her fingers through the hair on his chest, kissing at the left side of his neck ever so lightly. Just as he went to answer her, there was a knock at the door.

“Saved by the bell. As much of a pain in my ass as my brother can be he always seems to save me just in the nick of time.” Darnell replies with a chuckle.

“Fuck the door, I want you to answer me, god damn it!” She whispers settling into the crevice at the bottom of his neck licking and sucking gently.

“Oh c’mon now baby girl don’t do this. I have no choice today. I really have to go to work.” Darnell gets up grabbing his shirt jacket. Kim heads out to answer the door.

“Hey good morning. Is Darnell ready yet?” 

“You know what, you are a real pain in my ass. He’s ready just have a seat he will be out in a minute.” Kim replies with a slight giggle.

A few moments later Darnell walks out to the living room. Looking at Kim she just gave him this evil sort of glare. She turns quickly to walk into the kitchen to fix his coffee (she didn’t want him to see the tears in her eyes). His brother noticed this and looked at Darnell.

“Hey man what’s the matter with her today?” He asks Darnell.

“Why? What would make you think something was wrong with her? She always looks at me like that when she tries to get her way and I won’t let her”

“Man, she’s crying, you didn’t notice that?”

“ Well she turned away so fast I really didn’t. Something must be bothering her. For some reason she just doesn’t want me to leave today. I know I had a really hard time getting her to let go of me while I was getting ready this morning.” Just then Kim walks into the living room handing Darnell his travel mug. Looking at her Darnell then realizes that his brother is right as she again turns to walk away.

“Baby girl come back here please.”

“Honey you need to go to work. I have some things I need to do in the bedroom. You go off to work and I will see you at lunch time.”

“Oh I don’t think so.” Darnell replies putting down his mug “I’m not going anywhere until I know just what’s wrong with you. How am I really supposed to work knowing I left this house today with my baby girl upset? You know me better than that. You know I don’t leave you like this.” He takes a hold of Kim’s arm gently pulling her to him. Wrapping his arms around her holding her close to him.

“Darnell, you’re going to be late. You two don’t need to be late just because of me. Just go I will be fine. I love you and I will see you at lunch time.” Darnell looks at his brother. His brother nods his head. Darnell holds her now even tighter. Running his hand lightly down the length of her hair (the feel of his touch in her hair sends a wonderful chill descending through her being). She moans softly resting her head on his chest. Holding onto him for what seemed like dear life to him. Her body began to tremble as she fought to hold back her tears. As Darnell’s brother steps out to answer his cell phone.

“Darnell I will be back in a little bit there’s something I need to go take care of. While I am gone you take care of her.”

“Baby girl, what’s the matter? C’mon talk to me. Tell me what’s wrong.” Darnell whispers. Resting his head on the top of hers.

“Baby, I just don’t want you to go.” Kim replies. I know you have to but I don’t want you to. I don’t know why. I can’t explain it. All I know is I just don’t want you to. I just didn’t want to say anything in front of your brother. I am sorry baby it’s just one of those days for me god I’m sorry. You go to work I will be alright.” Hugging onto him a little tighter as she couldn’t fight the tears anymore.

“ Look at me.” Darnell whispers as he wipes away the tears from her eyes. Their nose’s now tip to tip. Looking into the depths of each other’s eyes. ”You don’t worry about my working. My only concern right now is you. I can’t leave you like this baby girl I just can’t. Let me take care of you.” Placing his hands on the sides of her face kissing her softly. She returns the kiss to him. 

Lightly he plants little baby kisses on the side of her neck. Her hands slowly release their grip on him. Moving up his back up into the back of his hair. Holding him in that very place. He moans softly. (The erotic sensation that Kim has just sent through him instantly arouses him). Sliding his hands down her back. His hands come to rest on her ass. Pulling her into him. Her hardened nipples now pressed into his chest. Her hand moving down to his hardened mass, Darnell gasps. His back arching his body tenses. Kim rests her hand on the one thing she wants and needs so much right now.

“I want to make love to you.” Darnell whispers. Kissing his way up to her ear.

“Take me baby please.” Kim replies softly.

Locking the front door he takes her hand into his. They walk back to their bedroom hand in hand. Darnell closes the door behind them.

“Baby, when is your brother coming back?”

“I don’t rightly give a damn.” Darnell replies. “Right now all I give a damn about is you and taking care of you. I want you. I want to feel every inch of you.” Slowly he begins to unbutton the buttons on the front of his top that she is wearing. Slowly sliding his hands inside moving it very gently off her shoulders. Kissing her now even more passionately then before. 

Pulling his shirt out of his jeans she slowly slides her hands up inside it. Her nails lightly raking up and down the length of his back. Her body begins to melt to the feel of his warmth. Darnell reaches up behind his back pulling his shirt up over his masculine broad shoulders (in just the sexy way that he knows she loves) her juices beginning to flow. She could see the look of naughtiness in his gorgeous hazel eyes. Grabbing onto his now tenting rock hard, throbbing, rigid mass his hips push forward toward her hand

“I need this.” Kim cries out. “I am going to get it. I NEED IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!” Darnell couldn’t say a word, the feelings he was experiencing were more than he could bear. He just couldn’t talk. She opens his jeans sliding them down over his hips. That massive monster she so badly needs is now free. Gently yet firmly she wraps her fingers around the shaft. Stroking it in the way that only his baby girl can. Gently she captures his tongue between her teeth. Growling her ever so sexy deep growl that she knows he just can’t resist (no matter how hard he may try).

“Oh god baby girl, this feels so good but you have to stop just for a minute.”

“Why baby?” 

“I want to be inside you. I want to feel your pussy stroke my cock.” Darnell takes Kim into his arms laying her back onto the bed. (Just then what do you think happened?) You got it the phone rang). Darnell and Kim ignored it the first couple times it rang. Taking his cock into her hand she guides him to her awaiting pussy. Looking deep into one another’s eyes. Inch by inch Darnell slowly begins to enter her. She gasps as her back arches. Her muscles grab onto his cock sucking him in. Wrapping her legs around the small of his back he begins to penetrate yet now deeper.

“My baby girl, this is what I want. And exactly what I know you need.”

“You are exactly what I need.” Kim whispers. “I needed you to make love to me today.” Darnell looks deep into her eyes as his pace picks up. Again the phone rings this time pissing Darnell off. (Being a southern boy he has quite the temper when he wants to). He tried once again to ignore it however he couldn’t.

“Whom ever this is god damn it they had better be dying cause if they aren’t and they interrupted us for something extremely stupid oh they are gonna wish they were dead.” Answering the phone still with his monster buried deep inside her he realizes it’s his brother. His pace not stopping completely.

“Hey what are you doing?” Darnell’s brother asks. Darnell was extremely pissed as his brother has now interrupted them to ask him something ever so stupid when in fact he knew his brother could hear Kim moaning.

“I AM FUCKING HER!!” Darnell barks out. “WHAT IN THE HELL DO YOU WANT? AND IT DAMN WELL BETTER BE IMPORTANT.” 

“I’m sorry man I didn’t mean to interrupt, I just wanted to let you know I am going to be a little while longer. I will pick you up when I am done.”

“You son of a bitch you will be lucky if I go to work at all today.” Darnell replies as he slams the phone down.

“Baby, calm down. Make love to me. Don’t worry about him.” Kim whispers as she slides her hands into the back of his hair. Pulling him back down to her. Kissing him with the fire and passion that only he knew (her doing that calms him almost instantly). Burying his monster now deeper, faster and harder inside her. Their moans turn to erotic screams. Feeling her muscles clamping down even tighter around him. He knew it wouldn’t be long before she was riding through wave after wave of an orgasm that he is causing. 

“GIVE IT TO ME BABY!!!” Kim lets out in her sexy deep growl. “FUCK ME HARDER!!!” Darnell hearing this takes a hold of her hips as he fucks his baby girls wet, dripping, screaming pussy as deep, fast and as hard as he possibly can. With every thrust his growls turn to screams as he gets louder and louder.

Feeling his cock hardening inside her his balls tightening. Ruthlessly slapping against her ass. As the sound of their bodies coming together over took them. She rakes her nails up and down his back harder then she has ever done before, (yet not enough to hurt him). With one last deep thrust they take each other over that ultimate edge. Darnell shoots his hot, juicy, and thick cum deep inside her pussy as she releases all her juices all over his cock. Covering him from the tip of his monster to the tops of his knees. Her body shakes and trembles as he takes her into his arms holding her close to him.

“Are you going to go to work today baby?” she asks softly. Kissing his chest.

“Nah I don’t think so, maybe tomorrow.”