 Curiosity was running loose in Alex's mind. She had just been asked to watch these two people have sex. She could actually watch another couple fucking. Her mind raced at all of the possibilities. Jake was not anywhere to be seen. Alex glanced down at her watch. It was still another 45 minutes before Jake would play. She stood up and cautiously made her way across the room. Though no one was watching her, it felt like hundreds of eyes could see where she was going. Each step stimulated her clit. 

By the time Alex reached the storeroom, she was panting. Her inner thighs were wet. She could hear grunting on the other side of the curtain the covered the doorway. Using one finger, she pushed the curtain a little bit to the side. She had to cover her mouth with her hand to keep from making any noise.

Behind the curtain were John and Sue. Sue was sitting on an old brown couch. Her skirt had been removed. There were no panties in sight. Her shirt was pushed up around her neck and the bra was open at the front. John's head was buried between her legs. Alex could see the woman's hips rocking back and forth. It was as if Sue was riding John's face. As John shifted his position, Alex could see that he had two fingers inside Sue's pussy. Her own pussy responded by giving a small gush of fluid. John's fingers were ramming into the woman hard and fast. Sue's back arched. Her breathing was ragged. John reached up with his other hand and began to pinch Sue's nipple. The woman bucked against him, and Alex could see that he was pinching it even harder. Sue continued her shouting and moaning. Alex was pleased to see another woman enjoyed the same thing she did.

"Fuck me! Harder baby! Make me cum for her!"

Alex inhaled sharply. This woman was specifically asking to cum for her. Sue knew she would come watch what was happening behind the curtain. Sue moaning grew louder. Her legs clenched, and she let out a loud scream. John pulled away for a moment, tugging the nipple as he went. It was enough to cause Sue to pull off the couch in the direction he was tugging. Her body followed the tugging until John had her on her feet. He then stood and walked her to the arm of the couch. He grabbed hold of her right leg and bent it. Sue was standing on one leg with her other bent beneath her on the arm of the couch. John undid the front of his pants. 

The jeans dropped to the floor. Alex slid her hand down to her own clit in anticipation of seeing John's cock. She stood in awe when he turned profile. The size of his member was incredible. She wondered how Sue was able to fit it into her mouth. It looked so thick. Alex's eyes drifted upwards. That is when she noticed that John was looking at her. She froze. There she was holding the curtain open with one hand and playing with her clit using the other. Alex's gaze met and held John's.

He gave her a warm smile as his own hand began to stroke his cock. Unconsciously, he other hand found Sue's exposed pussy. Alex looked to see that he was tugging on the clit. Sue was moaning with each small tug. Her eyes came back to John's. He nodded his head and turned back to his wife. The massive head of his cock was resting on the lips of Sue's cunt. She was pushing backwards, moaning for him to enter her. 

John looked back to Alex as he put his hands on Sue's hips. In one motion, he pulled her back, and Sue pushed back. Half of his cock disappeared within her. Sue let out a tremendous moan. Her head flipped back, and she was biting her lip. John pulled his hips away and then rammed himself into her again. Alex could already see Sue's juices coating the cock. Her own fingers picked up their tempo on her clit. 

Sue moaned, "God baby, get it into me. Fuck me harder."

With the third thrust, John buried himself within Sue. Sue was shaking and whimpering. That was when John began his rapid assault on Sue's cunt. With each thrust, Alex could see John's cock entering and leaving Sue. Her pussy lips looked like they were made for stroking his size. Alex met his gaze again. John smiled and motioned for Alex to enter the storeroom. Alex hesitated. 

John then grabbed Sue by the hair, causing her back to arch. His thrusts were becoming more intense and faster. 

"Baby, we have a visitor," he groaned aloud.

Sue's eyes popped open as she screamed through another orgasm. Alex could see more of the juices covering John and now running down Sue's leg. 

Sue began chanting, "Fuck me for her! Fuck me for her!" She pulled her hair away from John and looked to the curtain where Alex was standing. Alex was mesmerized by the sight of Sue being fucked so thoroughly. Sue's breasts were dangling and swaying with each thrust. Alex could tell the nipples were puckered and strained, and it made her wonder all the more what it would be like to take then into her mouth. Sue's gaze met Alex's. Sue was smiling through her sexual chant. 

Though it didn't seem possible, John moved even faster. Alex heard a growling coming from the man. His legs began to tighten. Now, both of the lovers were staring at Alex. Both in the middle of their orgiastic passion, John grabbed Sue's hips and pulled her all the way back. Alex could tell by the smaller, jerking thrusts that John was releasing his load within Sue. Sue was moaning was each of the smaller thrusts. 

Alex was so close to orgasm. Her clit throbbed beneath her fingertips. She couldn't believe was she had just witnessed. Just then, John pulled his cock from Sue's pussy. It was covered with both of their juices and made a plopping noise as it left the woman's cunt. Alex could see John's semen running down Sue's leg. John immediately went to sit on the couch, facing Alex. Sue held her position a moment longer. Though John was panting, his hand began stroking his cock. Alex could not keep her eyes off of his size even after he had come. 

"Sue, come sit down. We aren't finished yet," said John. He hand was now wet and slick, sliding up and down his shaft. 

Sue moved her bent leg off of the couch. She came around to sit on the arm of the couch with her feet planted on the seat cushion next to John. 

"You know better than to sit with your legs closed. Open them."

Sue immediately opened her legs. Without much warning, John pushed his head back between her legs. At her angle, Alex could see John's tongue cleaning the lips and clit of Sue's pussy. Alex's eyes met Sue's once again. The woman sat panting.

"He likes to taste both of us on me," said Sue as she began to stroke John's hair. "Don't you, darlin'?" 

John moaned a yes. His hand had not stopped stroking his cock. His hand moved it from base to tip in a rapid frenzy. Alex was amazed to see a man masturbating so soon after cumming. 

"He likes the taste so much he'll make himself cum again." Sue held a huge smile on her face. John's tongue continued torturing the woman's clit. Sue leaned her head back and began moaning. She was rocking her hips again John's tongue. Though not as strong an orgasm as the others, Sue was still twitching from the release of it. That was when John began growling again. Alex could see his legs tighten. His hand began the same smaller jerks that his hips had just performed. The cum began pouring out of his cock. Long, white strands of it shot onto the floor, his legs, and his hand. Alex didn't think he would ever stop cumming. Finally, the amount being released dwindled. John's body relaxed back into the couch. 

Alex was so engrossed by the scene that she didn't realize that someone was behind her. She could feel breath on her neck. Her body tensed. She jerked her hand away from her clit and spun around. Jake was the person standing behind her. His gaze met Alex's.

"I thought you two only put on this show after hours," he said as he studied Alex's face. She saw he sniff. He would be able to smell her sex. Alex didn't know what to do. Her heart was pounding. The man she had been fantasizing about all week just caught her watching another couple fuck. She didn't know what to do. 

Run! Get away before he says anything to you.

"Sorry boss, you know how Sue can be. She wants what she wants. I am just a cock sometimes."

Sue chimed in, "I asked her to watch. She didn't look like she was having a bad time finger-fucking herself."

A slow smile spread across Jake's lips. Alex dropped her head. She felt ashamed about her behavior. She wondered how she could have behaved this way. 

"You'll never drop your head before me. You'll always look me in the eye," said Jake as he lifted Alex's face with his hand. His eyes were so intense. Alex inhaled sharply. She only had one thought come to mind.

I'm in over my head!

"Now, you should tell John and Sue thank you for the show."

Alex whispered a thank you and tried to move past Jake. He stepped in front of her again. 

"How are those blues?"

Alex shook her head and tried to step past him again.

"Your blues?" he asked quietly. Alex pushed past Jake and ran to the booth. She grabbed her purse and darted towards the door. Her heart was pounding. She couldn't catch her breath. Alex didn't remember how she got into her car. 

As she as pulling out of the parking lot, she saw Jake standing at the front door of the pub. A moment later, John and Sue joined him. Sue actually waved to her.