 “DAMN”

Jen threw the duvet off her naked body and looked in panic at the alarm clock’s display.  It was flashing, so there had been a power cut overnight. She checked her watch and swore again. Of all mornings, it had to be today when she was due to impress her new sponsor with her professionalism. She didn’t even have time to start the day as usual, with a quick wank. Jen removed her hand from its almost automatic journey through the thick hairy bush at the base of her belly. She had an hour and a half to get herself organised and to the track. The preliminary work had been done between her management team and the new sponsor’s marketing people. All she had to do was make a good impression on the CEO and she’d get the money she needed to challenge for the title this year.

She rushed through the bathroom reflecting on life. It seemed that ever since Daddy died things had gone against her. First, she’d had to sell all her shares in Daddy’s company to pay the inheritance tax. Then the company Daddy had and built up from start had voted her ex-husband, John, as it’s new Managing Director. Then John had withdrawn the company’s vital sponsorship from her team. It was pure vindictiveness on John’s part and had come to a head in a disastrous meting when Jen she had demonstrated that she was willing to do whatever it took to keep the company as her sponsor. John had laughed at her until finally she had thrown a cup of hot coffee into his face and stormed out. She felt justified, after all there couldn’t be that many women who had stripped naked in a board room and put their pussy on offer just to be laughed at. Bastard! Her cheeks burned at the memory as she brushed her teeth. The fax from John terminating the sponsorship deal had been waiting for her when she got home. She’d sworn she’d turn the humiliation around by finding a sponsor and winning the championship. 


For the past two months it seemed that every likely sponsor of touring car racing in the UK only wanted male drivers. It was as if a driver needed a cock to be able to change gear or something. All the good work she had done last season bringing the team home in fourth place in the championship was going to go to waste if she couldn’t secure another sponsor before the first race of the new season. Her management team had at last found a likely prospect from Holland who was trying to break into the UK market. It made Jen smile at the thought that they were direct competitors of John’s company.

Jen turned the shower off, brushed the excess water down her smooth flanks and reached for the towel. Whilst towelling off Jen went through a mental checklist of what she had to do before leaving the house. She decided she didn’t have time for any makeup, after all it was her driving the sponsor wanted to see. Her pert breasts bobbed up and down while she brushed her brunette hair. She decided that the neat bob would have to dry in the car on the way to the track. Rushing into the bedroom, she grabbed a clean bra. A pair of plain white cotton knickers, jeans and a tee shirt later and she was ready to go. She slipped her dainty feet into a pair of moccasins and checked herself out in the mirror by the front door. Bright green eyes, dazzling smile, clean and casual clothes, just the right note. Thank heavens she had packed her race gear the previous night.

Throwing her race bag onto the back seat of her Subaru Impreza, Jen checked her watch. One hour twelve to go… it was going to be tight. She allowed the powerful car to warm up for the first few miles as she cut through the traffic and then began to travel at speed towards what she was determined was going to be a good day. She really opened up on the country roads, driving fast, but well within both her and the car’s capabilities. 

Arriving in the pits at the track with eight minutes to spare Jen smiled. Not only had she broken all sorts of laws on the way, she had also beaten her personal record for the journey from home. The CEO from the new sponsor hadn’t arrived yet and she had the chance to listen to what Dave, her chief mechanic told her about the car and conditions on the track as she changed unselfconsciously into her fireproof overalls. Dave blushed slightly as he struggled to keep his eyes away from the shadow he could see through her plain knickers and found himself staring at Jen’s tits instead as she pulled her overalls up her body. He stammered through the details of the car’s set up as Jen’s small tits were pushed forward as she struggled to get her shoulders inth the race suit.

Ten minutes after her arrival Jen was gunning the powerful Alfa onto the track, making sure that the engine was warm, that the tyres would be up to temperature and seeing if the aerodynamics needed to be adjusted for today’s conditions before the new sponsor arrived. There were a few other cars on the track, but they were all preparing for an historic race later that week. They just served to highlight how fast the Alfa was around the tight circuit. The car was perfectly set up and Jen relaxed into the driving, concentrating only on a smooth, controlled performance. 

On her fourth lap she heard Dave say over the radio “He’s here, Jen. If the set up is right, drop the hammer and give him a show.” She did just that. The fast drive to the track this morning had sharpened her reflexes and she was ready to show what she could do.

As always when things went well in the car the world outside the vibrating cockpit seemed to slow down, giving her the chance to save a tenth of a second here, two tenths there, allowing her to pick the most perfect line through the corners and to time her gear changes to perfection. She was no longer listening to what the engine was telling her, she was feeling it. Every change in revs, every bump on the track and change in direction seemed to pass through her body bringing her closer to being a part of the car. 

She knew that Dave would be going through the telemetry from her car with the sponsor and comparing the data with the last race at this track. She also knew that Dave had set the car set up today to give her slightly misleading lap times that would compare very favourably with the lap times from the last race. Still, all is fair in love and sponsorship. If Dave and the pit crew could make a favourable impression while she was on the track, Jen was sure she’d be able to close the deal.

Eight laps later and Jen got the signal to come in to the pits. As she decelerated down the pit lane she drew a deep breath and readied herself for the next part of the battle, convincing the sponsor that her pert tits and internal genitalia didn’t exclude the possibility that her team could win the championship this year.

She brought the car to a controlled stop and killed the engine. Slowly she climbed out of the car and removed her helmet, turning her beaming smile to the unfamiliar man waiting with Dave. He’d come alone and Jen didn’t know if that was a good sign or not.

“Hi, I’m Jen” she said holding her hand out. He took a pace towards her and she realised just how tall he was. Jen was a petite five foot, but even so this guy was… TALL. He must be well over six feet eight inches tall. “Pleased to meet you Jen, I’m Dirk. Dave has told me all about you. I’m impressed with what I have seen so far.” 

His accent was definitely not English. Jen could feel herself getting light headed as her hand disappeared into his massive paw. Damn, she really should have taken the time to relieve the tingle in her loins that the fast driving had done nothing to dispel. She heard a woman’s voice respond to Dirk’s questions, telling him all about her team and how they would build on past results. With a start she suddenly realised that she was the one talking and that she was getting a crick in her neck as she looked up into his handsome face. Unzipping her overalls, Jen realised that her body was sweaty and it wasn’t just from the hot conditions in the car.

Jen thought Dirk was very attractive and felt herself responding to him as a woman, not a race driver which was irritating, but she must have been doing a good job because she heard Dirk say “Well I think we have an agreement in principal. Why don’t we just let the lawyers argue over the wording.” That foreign accent was really doing something to her insides. She took Dirk’s hand to shake it and savoured the feel of his skin on hers.

“That’s great – we should celebrate” she said. “Dave, tell the crew the good news and get everything packed up. We won’t do any more testing today. When everything’s done everyone can come to the trailer and we’ll have some beers.” She turned back to Dirk and saw that although he was tall, he was well proportioned with broad shoulders and a deep chest. She wondered how those massive arms would feel wrapped around her slim body and then gave herself a mental shake; this wasn’t like her at all. She led the way over to the trailer and said “I’ll just get changed and then we can celebrate.”

She ran up the steps into the trailer unfastening her overalls as she went. She took off her driving boots and then struggled out of the suit and the full fireproof underwear which covered all of her body except for her head and hands. She stood still, in just her bra and knickers and enjoyed the cool air on her sweaty skin. She unsnapped the catch of her bra and threw it into her bag. Having wiped her damp skin quickly with a towel she pushed her knickers, damp with sweat, over her hips and down her legs and reached for a clean pair.

As she straightened up she heard Dirk say “I always wondered what drivers wore under their race suits.” She spun round to see his grinning face at the window of the trailer. Being so tall he was able to see straight into the trailer and was looking appreciatively through the window, taking in every detail of her small frame. He must have seen her exposed pussy as she had bent over. “There could be hidden benefits to this sponsorship deal” he said. 

He looked at her small, shapely breasts, pert and perfect, marred only by some creases in the skin where the fireproof suit had pressed against them. Jen’s nipples were a pale pink, half proud as the cool air in the trailer caressed them. They hardened as he watched and he saw a rosy flush appear beneath the delicate skin of Jen’s chest. His eyes moved lower, down Jan’s flat belly and the swell of her hips, towards the dark bush of hair that hid her vagina.

“Seen enough?” Jan asked roughly, damned if she was going to react like a virginal schoolgirl and grab a towel to cover herself. She stood with her hands on her hips, facing him with her legs slightly apart, her chest rising and falling as she struggled to control her breathing

“Not really” Dirk replied.

“Well why don’t you just come on in and have a good look then” Jan said sarcastically. “Thanks, I will” and his face disappeared from the window.

Jan was stunned; he couldn’t have thought she was serious. 

Apparently he did. The door opened and Dirk came up the steps into the trailer. He closed the door and seemed to fill the spacious trailer with his bulk. Jan felt very vulnerable, but decided to brazen it out. “So what do you want to see next?” She looked up into his eyes and saw him gazing almost hungrily at her nakedness. “Let’s start with your delightful little arse and go from there.” 

Dirk moved closer to her, breathing deeply. Suddenly Jan realised he was inhaling her scent. She could smell herself; the musky smell that always permeated her underwear was in the air, letting Dirk know how turned on she was. Dirk inhaled again.

“Nice” he said as he put his hands on her shoulders and gently turned her away from him. She shivered. Dirk drew his hands lightly down her body, caressing her shoulders and lingering in the small of her back where she was so sensitive before gently cupping her buttocks.

She felt his breath on her arse and almost flinched as he kissed first one cheek, then the other. This couldn’t be happening, but she wanted it to. She wanted to say something to stop this stranger touching her so intimately but realised that she wanted him. Jen felt the blood rush to her pussy and decided that she wanted to fuck Dirk right there in the trailer, right now. She moaned as he kissed her again and she felt his hands separate the cheeks of her arse and then slip under her. One finger grazed her anus and she gasped apprehensively and then relaxed as Dirk’s finger continued its journey forward to her pussy. Dirk stood up running his tongue up the length of her spine as his hand found the lips of her swollen pussy, hiding in the thick bush of hair. They easily parted and he felt her moisture coat his finger as he eased towards her clitoris, slowly running the full length of his finger along the bud of flesh and sending little jolts of electricity through Jen’s body.

Her breasts quivered each time she felt one of those jolts and she gasped as Dirk ran his other hand slowly over stomach and up to her tits. She leant forward onto the table, opening her legs further and sticking her arse out towards him. He was being almost too gentle, too slow. She wanted him now. “Fuck me.” She breathed the words, then louder “Fuck me.” 

Her eyes were closed as she felt one of his large fingers ease its way into her, her new position allowing such easy entry past the ring of muscle that guarded her entrance. She could feel his finger was big, it felt nearly as big as John’s cock had been. She could feel the swelling of each of Dirk’s knuckles as he eased his meaty finger into her. He probed inside her, gently stirring her pussy with his finger. 

“Mmm, baby…” Jen moaned feeling his finger stretch her hole in its explorations. “It feels good in my cunt.” Jen took one hand off the table and put it on his hand, again surprised at how large his fingers were. She pushed his finger slowly back into her wet tunnel where it stretched her again before withdrawing, making her ache for his cock. 

“Fuck me” she said again, louder, “please.” She turned around, dislodging his questing finger and perched on the edge of the table facing Dirk. As she reached for his trousers she said “I need to be fucked right now. I want to feel your cock inside of me and I don’t want to wait.” She unfastened his trousers and they dropped to his knees. She leant forward to grasp his cock through his boxers. 

Dirk said “I’m not sure that’s such a good idea.” Jen looked questioningly up into his face and he continued “you see I usually need a lot of foreplay”.

Jen understood immediately; he needed time to get it up. “Don’t worry baby” she said as she reached for his cock “just give me a few minutes with him…” her voice trailed off as she eased his boxers down. In front of her eyes was the biggest cock she had ever seen. Jen licked her lips and cleared her throat. She reconsidered; obviously Dirk needed a lot of foreplay to get his women ready, not because he had any problems getting hard. Jen swallowed and then moved her face closer to the hard stalk that was throbbing in front of her. 

She licked the purple head and wrapped her hands around the shaft. Her small hands weren’t big enough to go the whole way round the weighty cock. Even with both hands on the hard rod of flesh, one on top of the other, there were still inches of Dirk’s massive cock exposed to view. The veins stood proud from the surface of the shaft and as Jen held it in her hands the already massive cock thickened still more, throbbing in time with the beating of Dirk’s heart.

Jen had seen big cocks before. She’d even had a few in her time. Some had been long and some fat, but this… thing… was simply huge. It felt warm to her touch and it continued to throb as she started to massage it. She firmly gripped it, reaching as far around it with her fingers as she could. There was no way she was going to get much more than the head into her mouth, but she might as well get that as wet as she could in readiness for when it filled her aching pussy. She was going to need all the help she could get with this one.

Dirk’s hips moved forwards as Jen took his monster cock into her mouth. He felt her teeth scraping lightly on the head as she took him in, but also felt one of her hands cup his balls and gently tickle the sensitive skin behind his scrotum. He looked at her head, the brunette hair bobbing up and down on his cock, and realised that Jen had lifted one foot onto the seat of a chair next to the table she was sitting on. As she sucked on his cock she was stroking herself. He saw that Jen had at least one, no he could see her pushing two fingers inside her pussy, easing her wet cunt open, slowly getting herself ready for him.

The pink folds of Jen’s pussy contrasted with the surrounding dark brown hair and the pale skin of her fingers. She suddenly stopped, releasing Dirk’s cock from her mouth with a slurping noise and spun round on the table so she was sitting on it facing away from him. She moved away and then lay down putting her head over the edge of the table in line with his cock. Her left hand reached for his cock and using her fingertips guided it back into her mouth which seemed deeper in this position. Dirk watched as her right hand returned to its bushy nest and two fingers slid straight back into Jen’s dripping pussy. Dirk saw Jen slowly added a third finger, cupping her hand around the curve of her pubic mound and grinding over her clit. She moaned and Dirk felt the vibrations around the head of his cock. Each time Jen eased her fingers into herself she moved her whole hand and stimulated the whole area around her pussy. 

Jen could feel the familiar tingles deep in her belly signalling that before too long she would be cumming all over the table, but she didn’t want to cum on her own hand. She wanted Dirk’s huge cock in her first. She released it from her mouth and turned to face him “I said fuck me.” She spread her legs and then folded her calves around his hips and pulled him towards her. “Are you sure” he asked, pointing his cock towards her sopping pink pussy. “Usually it takes a bit longer before…” 

She just looked at him and held her cunt lips open with one hand, reaching for his cock with the other. Dirk smiled as she rubbed the massive head of his cock through the folds of her soaking wet pussy. He enjoyed the sensation and then moved back a bit to look at her pussy again. He saw that Jen’s puffy pussy lips were wide open and that drops of cum were glistening in her pubes. He could see a small trail of Jen’s cum leaking from her hole and disappearing under her. Dirk leant down and gently tasted Jen’s tiny pink clit which was standing proud after the stimulation she had given it. Jen jumped as the tip of Dirk’s tongue lashed against her most sensitive spot and knew that if he kept it up she would come. She grabbed Dirk’s ears and pulled his head up until she could look him in the eyes. “Fuck me.”

The desire Dirk saw in Jen’s eyes matched his own and he glanced down to her pussy. He saw past the dark hair to Jen’s pink entrance and wondered how to get his cock into such a tiny crevice. He put his cock head back against her and began to run it the length of her wet slit. 

“Don’t you dare keep me waiting any longer for your big, beautiful COCK “Jen shrieked the last word as Dirk pushed the head of his cock into her pussy. The ring of muscle that had been so accepting of her fingers so recently was suddenly stretched further than it ever had been before. Her eyes opened in sympathy with her tormented pussy and she looked down to there their bodies were joined. “Fuck, that’s big” she gasped.

She knew it was impossible. There was no way she was ever going to be able to take that much cock inside her. It wasn’t just the length. Even after handling and sucking it she hadn’t realised how thick Dirk’s cock was in comparison with her tiny cunt. 
