 Jodi got up from her knees and leaned in to Bryan. She kissed him full on the mouth before standing up and taking his hand. Pulling him up from the couch, she pressed herself into him and engaged him in another long kiss, their tongues dancing with each other. She took his hand and led him to the bedroom. Bryan was more than eager to find out what would happen in there. His mind was racing with all the rumors he had heard about her and he was feeling so lucky to get to see for himself if they were true.

Jodi turned him around so he was facing her and away from the bed. She continued to kiss him and run her hands over his body while edging him backwards. When he hit the bed, he fell back on it, and Jodi back away for just a moment to admire him laying there. She had wanted him for so long, and she wanted to enjoy the sight of him, naked, sprawled across her bed. His cock twitched as she looked him over. He was enjoying it as much as she was. Jodi took a moment to glance at the clock. Only about twenty five minutes before she had to be back at work. She couldn't waste any more time watching him.

Jodi moved over to the bed and crawled up next to Bryan, engaging him in yet another passionate kiss. He began to run his hands over her body, caressing her neck and shoulders, slowly moving a hand to her breast. He began to knead the flesh and pinch at the nipple. She moaned into his mouth, and soon his mouth left hers and followed the same path as his hand, kissing a trail down to her breasts. He took a nipple in his mouth and began to slowly suck and nibble on the hardening bud. Jodi arched her back and pushed her breast further into his mouth. He started on the other breast, giving it the same treatment, while slowly moving Jodi over onto her back.

When she was on her back, Bryan moved over top of her, nudging her legs apart. His rock hard cock was brushing against her stomach. He leaned down and kissed her hard on the mouth once again, moving his body down so that his cock teased the entrance to her pussy. Jodi moved her hips up, trying to get Bryan to fuck her, but he continued to tease her until she started to almost whimper.

"Tell me what you want, Jodi."

"I want you to fuck me, Bryan. I want you to fuck me hard and make me cum on your cock."

She ended her last sentence with a loud moan as Bryan's cock slowly found its way into her pussy. He teased her still, only going in an inch before pulling back. He continued this teasing until Jodi was writhing beneath him, trying whatever she could to get all of his cock in her. The site of her beneath him was almost too much and Bryan couldn't tease anymore. He shoved his cock into her all the way, moaning at how wet and tight her pussy was around his cock. His wife's pussy was nothing like this, hell, his wife was nothing like this hot little number beneath him right now.

Bryan started fucking Jodi hard, and her moans just urged him on. He brought her legs straight up and held her ankles together while he continued to fuck her pussy hard. His other hand found its way to her clit and he began rubbing it in time with his strokes. Jodi couldn't take it anymore and she came hard, her pussy spasming around his cock. She screamed his name over and over again as she came.

"Bryan, oh God! Don't stop fucking me. Your cock feels so good!" she cried out as another orgasm started taking over. Bryan couldn't believe she had two orgasms in such a short time, and that sent him over the edge. He moaned loudly as he came inside of her, continuing to pound his cock until it was drained. He let go of her legs and collapsed on top of her, both of them out of breath and energy to move.

It was several minutes before Bryan moved off of her, pulling his now soft cock out of her with a plop, and rolling beside her. He took her into his arms and kissed her, more gently this time.

"That was absolutely amazing."

Jodi just smiled. It wasn't the first time she'd heard that, and if she had anything to say about it, this wouldn't be the last time she heard it from Bryan.

"No regrets, right? Your wife certainly wouldn't like this if she found out."

"Hell no, I have no regrets. That was certainly the hottest hour I've spent with anyone in a long time."

Jodi smiled again as they got up to get dressed. She had just enough time to make it back to work without being late. As she walked out with Bryan, she pulled him closer to her, and gave him a full, passionate kiss. She wanted to make sure he would come back for more. He just looked at her after the kiss and didn't say a word. He smiled and mumbled something about getting her back to work. She had almost forgotten why they had come to her place to begin with. She grabbed her spare keys and they went out to his car. Bryan dropped her back at work and went off to run the errand he was supposed to be on in the first place.

Jodi had a hard time concentrating the rest of the day at work. The store was pretty busy for once, so that helped quite a bit. But whenever she had some down time, she replayed the events of the afternoon in her mind, and tried to figure out how she could get another round with Bryan. As luck would have it, she didn't even really have to plan. About an hour before her shift was supposed to end, she heard Bryan's voice on the paging system.

"Jodi to the office, please. Jodi, to the office."

Her heart skipped a beat once again. Not only might she be able to get with him again, but in his office, like every one of her fantasies. Jodi almost ran to the back of the store and the manager's office. She knocked on the door and opened it. Bryan motioned for her to come in and have a seat in the chair that was sitting across from his desk. He stood up, closed the door and pulled down the blinds on the window. Jodi also noticed that he locked the door. She began to feel a little nervous, since she was used to being the one in control, but she tried to hide it as he came closer to her.

His hand brushed her cheek gently, and his fingers traced the outline of her jaw. He moved a finger to her lips and urged her to open them. She took his finger in her mouth and sucked and licked on it just as she had his cock earlier in the day. He looked down at her and smiled.

"That is quite an erotic thing, Jodi. And I must say that I have not been able to concentrate much today. I want you in the worst way. You called me on it this afternoon and I'm not going to deny it. I want you now, right here, and any other time you want it. But we have to be discreet so as not to raise suspicions among your coworkers. Is that clear?"

Jodi let his finger out of her mouth and smiled.

"That is very clear, sir. And I have had trouble concentrating as well. I've never been with a man who could make me cum like you did this afternoon. And even if you didn't want it, I planned on having YOU any time, any place that I wanted."

With that, she got out of the chair and engaged him in a long, deep kiss. He picked her up and set her down on the desk. He quickly opened and pulled down her jeans and to his surprise, she hadn't put any underwear back on after their afternoon adventure. She quickly freed his cock, already hard and dripping, from his pants. He pulled her to the edge of the desk and thrust his hard cock into her. She moaned, and then caught herself. They had to be discreet. She bit her lip to stifle the moans as he thrust his cock in and out of her. 

"I want to ride you," she said and motioned for him to sit in his chair. She turned around to face away from him and lowered herself onto his cock once more. She moaned at the deeper, more intense sensations from this angle, and he moaned at the new feelings as well. Jodi began to move up and down on his cock, his hands on her hips pulling her down harder each time. As her rhythm became more steady, his hands were on her breasts, pulling at the nipples. He felt her tense, knowing her orgasm was close. He moved one hand down to her clit and began to gently rub it, and that was all it took. Jodi came hard, biting her lip not to scream and holding on to the arms of the chair so hard her knuckles turned white. Her pussy grabbed his cock, milking it as she continued to ride up and down. Bryan came without warning, holding in his own moan and pistoning his cock into her even harder, then holding her down while he was plunged deep inside, releasing his sperm into her. She shook a few more times as her orgasm subsided and leaned back into him. 

"Wow" was the only word she could muster as he nuzzled at her neck.

"I agree. Although I see it's time for you to go home now. I can't wait til the next time we work together."

Any comments or suggestions on where to go from here or should this be the end?