 It was an easy decision. Morgan seemed perfect for the job. She came with good recommendations, presented herself as calm and confident in her interview, and most importantly, would look incredibly hot in her uniform. Don't get me wrong, I don't make decisions like this lightly, for purely selfish reasons. In my line of work, attractive assistants were simply a requirement.

See, I'm a urologist, running my own clinic, specializing in male sexual dysfunction and fertility issues. Very serious work, often a matter of the success of a couple's relationship, their ability to have children, or even a life or death issue as I would discover an underlying medical condition. That said, on a day-to-day basis, the only way I could keep the clinic running was if men felt comfortable visiting - and that meant hot assistants, hot nurses, you get the idea.

Her duties included tidying up the exam rooms, making sure the sample rooms were stocked, and setting appointments when our main receptionist was out. Sample rooms, you ask? Just as it sounds - those were the specially-appointed rooms where patients would be sent to produce a sample. To make it as easy as possible in an already-awkward situation, we kept the rooms stocked with pornography - both print and video - and I had set up rigid protocols for our staff to follow. The patients would be made as comfortable as possible, and then left alone to do their work in private.

Morgan, like my other assistants, was provided an appropriate, yet also slightly suggestive, nurse's uniform - which she filled out spectacularly. Again, anything to help inspire the patients. The fitted buttoned blouse barely contained her perfect breasts, and the short fitted skirt showed off her gorgeous legs. My staff were given the freedom to choose whatever was most comfortable in terms of footwear - which to my delight in Morgan's case seemed to be white heels to match her uniform.

Morgan's hotness seemed matched by her professionalism, so while I admired and appreciated her ability to inspire the patients, I remained confident that she would serve the needs of the clinic admirably. She wasn't the sharpest knife in the drawer, I noticed on a few humorous occasions when she innocently misunderstood my instructions or asked inane questions, but then her position didn't exactly require a genius.

About six weeks after she was hired, my office manager Brenda shared with me that we'd seen a record number of patients over the past month, and that it looked from the appointment calendar that the trend would continue. She wondered aloud whether the trend had anything to do with Morgan's hiring. I grimaced, knowing that Brenda's question represented the cynicism of a middle-aged woman towards my policy of hiring hot young clinic assistants.

"Well, Brenda, unless you have another explanation?"

"Frankly, Dr. Robinson, no, I don't. Morgan does seem to be doing a good job. But there must be some other reason."

"Well, since it's good news, I won't put too much energy into worrying about it. Although, if this continues, I'll never have time for a vacation, and neither will you!"

Brenda laughed, my charm as always winning her over in the end, and wished me a nice evening as she left the clinic for the day. I returned to my private office to finish up documenting the day's visits in patient files, working for a few minutes before a strange noise coming from the other end of the clinic interrupted my concentration. I had thought I was alone, all of my staff having gone home for the evening, so got up to investigate.

As I reached the far end of the hallway, I realized the sound was coming from one of the sample rooms, and without thinking that someone might be inside, opened the door and walked in. The first thing I saw was the TV screen, with what was clearly a scene from a porn flick being run in reverse, sound and all. The peculiarity of this audio and video captured my attention for a moment, before I surveyed the rest of the room.

I jumped in surprise as I saw Morgan sitting up on the exam table at the opposite end of the room, her feet dangling, a remote control in her hand and a perplexed look on her face.

"Oh, hi, doctor! I don't know why none of the other staff ever take the time to rewind these videos, but I always take the time to do it before going home."

"Yes, thanks, Morgan," I replied, smiling, knowing full well that the rooms were equipped with DVD players. She could, of course, have simply pressed the 'eject' button on the remote, but somehow I couldn't find the words to explain this to her. Her dedication, however wasted in this particular case, was adorably charming.

"Porn sure is strange in reverse, isn't it, doctor?"

"Yes, Morgan, yes, it is."

I stood in the doorway for a moment longer, watching her as she watched the TV screen, twisting a lock of her long blonde hair in her fingers. The awkwardness of the situation catching up with me - watching porn with one of my employees, albeit in reverse - I found an excuse to change the subject and leave.

"Say, Morgan, could we talk sometime tomorrow? I'd like to check in with you about your work here, now that you've been with us for a while."

She turned towards me, and her big blue eyes could have melted me as I stood there. "I'm not in trouble, am I, doctor?"

"Oh, no," I replied with a chuckle, "not at all. OK, then, see you tomorrow. You'll lock up when you're done here?"

"Yes, no problem."

As I left the clinic, I couldn't help but wonder. Does she really go from room to room each night, rewinding the DVDs? Oh well, patient traffic was up, and if she indeed had anything to do with that, I guess it didn't matter that she could easily be the butt of most blonde jokes I could think of.

The next day flew by as I saw a steady stream of patients - everything from husbands desperate to 'get pregnant' to middle-agers struggling to keep up with mistresses half their age - so it was closing time before I finally had a chance to invite Morgan into my office.

"Thanks for staying late again, Morgan. I just wanted to let you know how much I appreciate your work around here."

"Well, thank you, doctor! I've definitely enjoyed working here."

I smiled, pleased that she genuinely took pleasure in her work. "What in particular do you like most about your job?"

"Oh, definitely, it's helping the men. They're always happier when they leave your clinic, and I'm happy to have a hand in that."

"I have to be honest with you, Morgan. Traffic in the clinic has increased dramatically since you've been working here, and I have to assume that has something to do with your work style. I'd love to learn from what you're doing, so that maybe we could share your techniques with some of the other assistants. Maybe you could walk me through a typical day?"

"Sure, doctor. Well, first thing in the morning I make sure all the rooms are stocked. You know, everything from the porn to the tissues to the sample cups. Then I usually check in with Brenda and the other staff to see if they need help with anything. Then it's just a matter of getting through the day, giving the men a hand if they need anything."

"OK, so, tell me what you mean by giving the men a hand - like showing them to the sample rooms, answering questions?"

"No, I mean literally, if they need a hand job so they can fill the sample cup."

My heart and mind and cock all jumped, but I used every ounce of my willpower to maintain my composure. "Was this a technique one of my other assistants showed you when you were in training?"

"Oh, no, just seemed like a good idea to me. After all, some of the men take so long, and seem to really struggle. I was just trying to make it easier on them, and keep traffic moving in your clinic, doctor."

I was now struggling just to keep my jaw from hitting the floor. Could this really be happening? Or was I just hallucinating, a particularly vivid and dirty blonde joke? She really thought this was part of her job, and far from minding, actually seemed to enjoy it? Realizing the opportunity that was presenting itself, I put on my best serious doctor voice, and continued the conversation.

"I don't suppose you could show me your exact technique?"

"Absolutely, doctor."

She walked confidently across the room until she was directly in front of me, before dropping to her knees and swiftly freeing me from my pants, which dropped down around my ankles. I was already half-hard by the time her warm, soft hands enveloped my cock and balls, and she looked up at me with a sweet smile.

"You're obviously healthier than some of your patients, doctor, but usually most of them will come around after a few minutes in my hands. If not, I tell them they can feel free to touch my breasts."

Amazed at my own composure, I continued to make the most of the moment - a 43-year-old doctor, surrounded every day by men unable to satisfy their basic sexual desires, alone in a room with an eager 22-year-old hottie in a tight-fitting nurse's uniform.

"May I, just to experience all that you offer my patients?"

"Sure, no problem!" She kept her right hand on my cock, gently stroking, as her left dropped to her blouse, which she quickly and easily unbuttoned, revealing her perfect breasts in a lacy white bra. "Feel free."

I reached out and grabbed one of her breasts in each hand, squeezing and fondling as I grew steadily harder with her expert touch.

"And sometimes, if even that's not enough, I offer to strip for them."

"Hmm, I think I'll need to see that, just to make a fully-informed assessment of your work."

"Of course, doctor."

Never for a moment letting my cock out of at least one of her hands, she finished unbuttoning her blouse and pulled it off her shoulders, tossing it aside. She then unzipped her skirt and let it fall to her knees, revealing sexy panties which matched her bra. She stopped there, resuming a two-handed focus on my cock and balls, expertly kneading and stroking, bringing me so close to an early climax that I felt the need to make more conversation.

"I thought you said you would strip?"

"Well, aren't you a demanding one!"

"I know most of my patients probably wouldn't last this long, but then, as you mentioned, I'm healthier than most of my patients."

"You certainly are, doctor. Sexy and confident, if you don't mind my saying."

"Not at all, Morgan."

For the first time, she let her hands leave my body, standing up to slowly slither out of her panties and unhook her bra, tossing it to the floor next to her blouse. Her full body now available to my hungry eyes, she knelt before me once again.

"Oh, wait, doctor," she said, quickly standing up again. "Do you want me to get a sample cup?"

"That won't be necessary."

She knelt once again, immediately catching my drift. I reached down to fondle her breasts once again as she resumed her work on my cock. Her left hand cradled my balls, tickling and fondling, with the occasional gentle squeeze. Her right hand, its motions lubricated with her own lustily applied saliva, began a steady stroking.

"May I cum on your breasts, Morgan?"

"Oh yes, doctor, that's my favorite!"

"Just keep doing what you're doing, and it won't be long."

Her big blue eyes never left mine as she continued to stroke me, her right hand finding a magical balance between firmness and speed, rotation and steadiness. I pinched her nipples hard between my fingers as I approached my climax, and she squealed in delight, but never once did she allow herself to be distracted from her work.

A few moments later, I finally came, my hips jerking as I shot my load all over her beautiful breasts, and she moaned in pleasure as my hot cum hit her skin. Much to my delight, as I came down from my climax, she took me into her mouth to swallow the last few drops of cum, before standing up next to me and obviously taking pleasure in massaging the sticky goo into her own breasts.

"Wow, Morgan, I can see why you've had such an impact on our patients."

"Thank you, doctor."

"Oh no, thank you. And with a talent such as yours, I really think we should keep working to develop your skills. Why don't you plan on stopping by my office at the same time tomorrow, and we'll see if your mouth is just as effective as your hands."

"See you then, doctor. You won't be disappointed."