 I had just gotten home that evening when I got The Call. 

"Hello?" I answered.

"Hey Max, it's Holly!" she said, and my heart skipped a beat like it always does when I hear her voice. "Is Alice there? I need to talk to her."

Holly knows that every Tuesday, Alice has dinner with her mother and then takes her to the grocery store. She never gets home before 10 p.m.

"No, she's not," I said. "Can I help?"

"Well, you can help a whole lot by coming over here and fucking me silly!" she growls into the phone. Holly for dinner, and for desert. Nice. "Bud's in Houston, I just talked to him on the telephone."

"OK, I have something for you," I said. "I think you'll like it. I'll be there as soon as I can. SMOOOOOCH!"

"SMMOOOCH to you, I can't wait!" 

I drove into the open garage from the alley, like I always do when I get The Call. That way nobody will see me go alone into the home of my wife's best friend when her husband is out of town. It IS a small town, and hey, people might talk, you know.

Holly was waiting by the door when I came into the house, wearing the sexiest outfit in the world: a tight t-shirt and white panties. That is sexier than any lace thongs or delicate bra ever made. At least to me it is.

We didn't say a word as we wrapped each other in our arms and kissed. Hungry kisses that said we hadn't fucked in more than a month, and that was too much.

She tasted so good. I held her close as we smooch. She started pulling my shirt off, and I helped, throwing my clothes on the floor. She pulled off my underwear so that my cock flops out, semi-stiff. Kneeling in front of me, she takes my cock into her mouth. It filled her mouth as she sucked it deeper, squeezing it with her lips.

That's enough. I want to fuck her, and look into her starry eyes as she cums.

I sit in a big comfortable chair, and pull her into my lap. My cock rubbed against her panties as she wiggled her beautiful butt. I pulled off her t-shirt, and she crammed her left tit into my mouth almost as fast as I could open it. I tickled the nipple with my tongue, sucking it into my mouth, nipping it with my teeth. Now, I move quickly to the right tit. 

I kissed her over and over again, progressively harder as I gently caressed her back as I feel her hard nipples pressed against my chest.

"Sit on the couch and spread your legs," I murmur into her ear.

"Say please," as she rubbed her pantied crotch on my cock. 

"Please Holly baby, pretty please"

She rose and placed a soft, brushing kiss on my mouth before retreating to the couch. She struck a provocative pose, her pussy clearly visible through her now-soaked panties.

Her body called to me, so I moved over to where she was spread. I put my mouth against the wet crotch of her panties, savoring her pussy through the silk. Not satisfied with having cloth between me and her, I hooked my fingers into the elastic band around her waist and slowly peeled the panties off until she was totally naked.

I kissed her thighs so that my beard tickled against her pussy lips. I kissed closer and closer to that beautiful pink wet spot between her legs, delighting in the wriggles and groans that my slow pace was causing. 

Eating pussy is one of my greatest pleasures in the world. 

I finally reached my goal at the pentacle of her thigh and was staring at a nice juicy pussy, surrounded by a halo of pubic hair. ‘What a fine meal,' I thought as I dove into her. I swear I am enjoying myself just as much as it seems she is judging by the heave of her pelvis against my face and the muffled cries tearing from her throat. I tongue her smooth grove, licking up and down, paying close attention to her quivering clit. I nibble at the insistent nubbin, and I feel her legs clamp closer against my face. 

‘That's close enough,' I think as I am so stiff I couldn't wait until she came in my face the way I usually love. I stood up and slid my cock into her smooth wetness, as sudden and fast and deep as I could with a single stroke. The breath left her, and for a moment, I was worried that I had perhaps hurt her until I felt her wrap her legs around my waist. I lowered my mouth to hers, my balls slapping against her ass and her tits bouncing as I jackhammer into her. She doesn't even try to keep up with my thrusts, merely hanging on and succumbing to the ride. I nibbled her tits while she ran her long fingernails down my back as we fucked noisily on the couch.

She squeezed my cock with her strong pussy muscles as I almost pull out, and then with only the big fat head still inside, I crammed my cock back inside to fill up her hungry pussy. Faster, faster, slow, then slower, then hard, deep into her as we gripped each other tight.

I began thinking about how beautiful she is when she's getting fucked. She has this beautifully concentrated smile on her face and she began to pull me into her own rhythm. She was in charge at that point, and I was just along for the ride. 

Suddenly, she squeezed me between her thighs, grabbed my shoulders and pulled my face into hers in a deep, wet, hot kiss. She held my face to hers and I felt her brow furrow, her breathing became shallow and a low, growling moan began deep in her soul. I crammed as deep into her as possible and held there, pressing against her most sensitive area until I felt her pussy spasm around my cock. That pushed me over the edge and I came with a big "OOOOOOMMMPPPPPP!!" I felt her body tremble in my arms as I eased us to the floor, my cock slowly slipped from her smooth confines.

We lay on the carpet in her living room, naked in each other's arms. I caressed her beautiful ass as she whispered in my ear about how much she loved how my dick felt inside of her. We headed for the shower, but first she made me lie back on the floor as she sucked my cock until I came again. She turned so that I could watch her ass as she sucked me, knowing the effect those magnificent globes have on me. I caressed her soft skin as I felt her mouth drain me of another load. 

Realizing the time, we had to make a mad dash for the shower. As I left, I hugged her, making a mental note to figure out a way to savor her sweet body more often. 

I was watching a baseball game when Alice, my sweet Alice, came home. I love her and wouldn't do anything to hurt her, and neither would Holly. Our secret is ours, and nobody else's.

"Well, I can tell you had an exciting evening with your game," she says with a smile.

"No, very boring," I said. "How about you?"