 This is the first story that I've ever written for this website. I hope you all enjoy it. While I plan on writing some erotic fiction in the future, this is actually a true story, or at least how I remember what ended up being the best night of my life. For that reason, it was a fun, but also emotional experience writing this down. I would love to hear any feedback, whether that is praise or constructive criticisms, and I hope that I soon will be able to write more stories for you all. Enjoy!

******

When I first met Mia, I was immediately captivated by her. She certainly was not the archetype of the conventionally hot college freshman, but then again, nothing about her would be described as conventional. She stood at about four foot ten, and couldn't have weighed more than ninety pounds. While her face and body were unmistakably feminine, her style was somewhat masculine. She kept her raven hair high and tight, which had been given to her by her Mediterranean heritage in addition to her smooth olive skin. She was usually wearing jeans and flannel, and had a septum piercing through her button nose. She had a modest bust, but it was a look that worked well for her. However, the two features I found enthralling were her beautiful grin, which she wore continually, and her smoldering brown eyes, which seemed to, if it's not to cliche to say, pierce right through me. While she had a small stature, her personality was anything but. She was gregarious, fun-loving, and had a personality that most accurately could be described magnetic.

We met when we were in the same history class in the spring semester of our freshman year. Right away, I was head over heels. We had talked a couple of times, and while I had a huge crush on her, I was both nervous to make a move, and while I try not to make judgements based on appearance, hers lead me to believe there was a significant chance that she might have been gay. So when I saw her profile pop up on my tinder, I felt my heart jump a little bit. With a quick exhale, I swiped right. Then, the three most joy inducing words I could have seen popped up on my screen. 

"It's a match!" 

After a few minutes, I got a message. 

"Hey whats up?"

"Not too much, how are you?" I wrote back.

"I'm doing good, just finished a project I've been working on for a few weeks :( Finally ready to get some much needed rest and relaxation"

"Congratulations!" I fired quickly. After taking a moment, I decided I had to make my move at some point. "Any chance you would like to relax with me over some dinner or a drink?" The pause that ensued, in reality, was probably no more than four or five minutes, but at the time it seemed to last near an hour. I paced from end to end of my dorm room and tried to calm myself by controlling my breathing. After all, romance had never been my specialty. I had dated a little in high school, and some in the beginning of the year, but when it came to people who I was really interested in, the success rate was essentially non-existent. As all of those failures played on repeat in my head, I saw those three dots appear on my screen.

"Yeah! How would Friday night work for you?"

I can say truly, I don't think that I have ever smiled more in my life than I did laying in bed that night, waiting for sleep that would never come.

When Friday finally came, after a few hours of nervous preparation, I went and met Mia in front of her dorm building. She flashed that beautiful smile and walked up to me, giving me a hug, which I happily reciprocated. She was in her typical uniform of loose jeans and an unbuttoned flannel with a black t shirt underneath. After exchanging some pleasantries, we began our walk to the Indian restaurant I had suggested. All throughout dinner, I couldn't help but stare into her eyes, laughing eagerly at all of her jokes, and trying my best to make her laugh. She was very kind, and indulged me with a chuckle at a few of my weaker punchlines. I was so enchanted by her company, I forgot to eat my meal. I paid, despite her feigning a polite protest, and we walked back to outside her dorm building. I looked down at her, smiling widely, hoping that she would give me some queue as to whether or not our night would end here. She smiled back, and opened her arms for a hug. "Not bad," I thought to myself, "I'll be happy to end the night on a hug." We embraced for an extended moment, as I gave a bit of a squeeze and noticed how her head barely rose to my chest. When we finally separated, she looked back up at me and gave me a wry smile.

"Do you want to come up for a quick drink?"

As much as I tried to play it cool, my facial muscles betrayed me, and with a dumb grin I replied,

"That sounds lovely."

We entered her room, the walls of which were adorned with some quirky drawings, a rainbow flag, and a string of white Christmas lights, as she suggested that we sit together on her bed. She reached underneath the bed frame, producing a bottle of whiskey, and after a few more moments of searching, pulled out two coffee mugs. We drank and laughed together for about an hour, with her occasionally giving me a playful punch on the arm, or me making some clumsy double entendre. There was a pregnant pause, and I felt the energy of the room change. I broke the silence by saying the words that were on my mind.

"I'm having a really great time tonight."

"Yeah," she replied, looking up and locking eyes, "me too."

We stared at each other, both of us wearing sheepish smiles, when I began to lean in. She did too, and our lips met in the middle. The kiss was electric, and I felt shivers running throughout my body at the contact. It was light at first, both of us testing to see how the other felt, then she let out a small moan, and placed her arms around my neck, pulling herself closer. I placed my hands on her hips, as the kissing became more aggressive, and our breathing grew heavier. She pulled herself on top of me, as I fell on my back, and she straddled me. My boldness growing with my arousal, I placed my hands firmly on her well toned and beautifully round ass, and gave a strong squeeze. Our lips parted for a moment as she smiled and gave a little giggle. My erection was becoming nearly painfully stiff, and flagrantly obvious. She began to grind her hips against mine slowly, and I did the same with a slightly quicker pace. She sat up, and biting her curled lips, while looking down at me, began to grind more aggressively. She moaned louder now, bucking her hips and breathing shallowly. I reached up and began to take off her shirt, a job which she happily finished for me. As she revealed her bare chest to me, she took her hands and gestured at her breasts, flashing me that broad smile and saying,

"Tada!"

We shared a quick laugh, and I then pulled her back down to me and resumed kissing her, while for the first time feeling and clutching her wonderfully pert breasts. She was extremely sensitive to my touch, shuddering as my fingers slowly traced around and lightly flicked her rigid nipples. I quickly sat up, and laid her on her back, reversing our position. I pulled my shirt over my head, threw it on the floor, then lunged down, and kissing and lightly sucking on her neck, I moved further south, to flick her nipple with my tongue. She nearly squealed with delight, and resumed bucking her hips wildly, looking for something to help ease the exquisite agony she was feeling between her thighs. Happy to oblige her, I slid my hand into her waistband and slowly eased my fingers down until they were barely touching her sex. Her hands gripped my hair, and she began throwing her hips up, desperate for some relief. After only a few seconds of teasing her with only slightly stroking her opening with my middle finger, she let out what sounded like a whimper. She was practically dripping at this point, so I briskly lifted my head, and slid my body further down the bed. I unbuttoned her jeans, and in one motion pulled them and her panties off of her legs, revealing her stunning pussy, crowned with a small strip of black hair. I positioned my head between her thighs, and only paused for a moment to look up at her. She looked back down at me with those bewitching eyes, as she nodded her assent. Not needing any more encouragement than that, with my arms wrapped around her legs, I pulled her closer, and began flicking and probing with my tongue. Almost as soon as I did this, she closed her eyes, and biting her lip, leaned her head back. I kept at it for a minute or two, when I then moved slightly higher, and began to lightly tease her clit with the tip of my tongue. In response, she arched her back, pushed my head in even closer, and let out a wail of ecstasy.

"Yes! Please, don't stop!" She panted, "I'm close!"

With a new vigor, I fishtailed my tongue at full speed. Her thighs began to put a light pressure on my head, as she grew louder and more desperate.

"Fuck! Please! Fuck, don't stop! I'm almost there! I'm so fucking close!"

She kept shouting, loud enough that surely her hall mates must have heard, as I kept up my speed, not daring to slow down despite my tongue beginning to grow tired. At last, her moans crescendoed with a nearly ear piercing squeal, as I felt her toes curl against me, and I watched she again arched her back, and as her legs quivered slightly. I looked up at her with a grin, and watched as she struggled to catch her breath. As she panted, she whispered to herself a bit, saying,

"Holy shit. Holy shit. Holy fuck."

When she finally seemed to come down, she looked down at me, beaming,

"You are really fucking good at that."

"Why, thank you very much, the pleasure was all mine" I smirked.

"I promise you, that couldn't be further from the truth," she interjected, "You are really fucking good at that."

She sat up, and I did too. We began kissing again, this time slower, and more tenderly. As we did, she pressed her hand against my chest, and slowly, slid it down to my crotch, giving my bulge a playful squeeze. After lightly rubbing the denim for a bit, she broke the kiss and, looking into my eyes while biting her bottom lip, said,

"My turn."

She began to undo my belt, and slid down my jeans, leaving me in my boxer briefs, with my erection comically jutting out to the side.

"Wow," she said grinning and running her petite fingers along the length, "you're like, really fucking big. Like huge." She giggled a little out of excitement, and a little out of nervousness.

"So I've heard." I answered with a sly grin. I placed my thumbs in the waistband, and pulled them down, my thick cock springing out, pointing straight at Mia.

"Tada!" I said, playfully wiggling my hips.

"Jesus," Mia whispered, placing both of her tiny hands on the shaft, not reaching all the way around, "it's fucking massive." She slowly started to move her hands up and down, getting used to the weight. Soon, she ran her tongue around the tip, and then lightly dragged it up and down the length. She opened wide, and put the tip in her mouth. She moved her tongue in a circle around the head, a move which quickened my breathing a bit. I began to involuntarily rock my hips up and down, as she began to slowly bob her head, going a little deeper with each return, as she stroked the remaining shaft with her hand. I watched intently as her beautiful, diminutive face rhythmically moved up and down on my cock. She looked up, and without breaking eye contact, began to try to take me deeper and deeper. If I had wanted to look away from those smoldering eyes, which of course I didn't, I am fairly sure that I would not have been able to. If in that moment, someone offered me a thousand dollars to break her stare, I wouldn't have done it. I watched amazed, as the woman who just a week earlier I thought that I would never have a chance with looked up at me unblinking, sliding my throbbing cock in and out of her mouth. She got to nearly three quarters, when I felt her gag a little, and she pulled back.

"Fuck!" She said with a laugh, "I don't think you're getting deep throated tonight. Not unless I figure out a way to unhinge my jaw like a snake."

She resumed her task enthusiastically, handling one half with her mouth, and the other with hand, and she quickened her pace. She kept at this for a few minutes, and I could feel her grin every time I let out a groan. She had begun to rub herself with her free hand, and she said,

"I want to feel this inside of me. Wanna fuck?"

"Hell yes!" I quickly responded, I leaned down to kiss her, and as I did, I remembered that I had left my condoms in my room. "I don't have any protection or anything though."

"Don't worry, I'm on the pill." She said energetically. She laid on her back, and I positioned myself over her. She reached down, and aligned my member with her opening.

"Ready?" I asked. She smiled widely, and nodding replied,

"Absolutely! Fuck me!"

I began to slowly insert myself, feeling a lot of resistance. I noticed she was grimacing a little.

"Is this okay?"

"Yes, keep going please."

I kept pushing forward, and slowly but surely, I watched as my tip disappeared into her tight pussy. She let out a husky grunt, and started nodding her head. I pushed further, and after I had fit about a quarter of my length in, I slowly started pumping back and forth. She rested my hands on my shoulders, and she began rocking her hips in tandem with mine, with her legs wrapped around my hips.

"You feel amazing." I said, as I felt her warmth around me. I had never had unprotected sex before, and I had no expectation of the difference in sensation. I was blown away.

"Aahh," she moaned sharply, "you feel so fucking big. I want all of you inside of me."

I pushed further, and I felt her begin to yield to me a bit, and I was able to get a bit past half of my length. My pace quickened a bit, and Mia was getting more vocal.

"FUCK!!" She yelled, "I feel so full!"

I leaned down and kissed her deeply, and pulled out of her, and grabbing her by the hips, I lifted her up and placed her on her hands and knees. Taking my position behind her, I gave a firm slap to her beautiful ass. She let out a little yelp,

"Ungh! Please fuck me, baby!"

I inserted my tip, and grabbed her by the hips. I began to rock back and forth, slowly at first, but quickly picking up speed. I watched as she curled her wonderfully toned back, and she lowered herself down onto her elbows. As I accelerated my pace, I reached with my left hand and began to grab one of her breasts. I was going even deeper now, with nearly my entire cock being buried inside her.

"Oh fuck, you're so deep!" She yelled elatedly.

I got even faster, and finally I felt my hips bump her ass. She let out a little giggle, and began to more emphatically rock back in forth with in time with my rhythm. We kept at this for a few minutes, me letting out the occasional grunt, and her making a series of escalating squeals. Just as I began to feel my orgasm starting to swell she belted out,

"Oh fuck! I'm about to cum! Please don't stop!"

I hit her ass hard once more, and grabbing her hips again, I pounded into her as fast as I could. The words the was shouting became less and less recognizable, and I felt her already tight pussy tense and spasm around me. Her yelping reached its climax, as she suddenly stopped moving her body with mine. As she rode the wave of her orgasm, I continued to pump my hips, and I took one of my hands and began to rub her clit. Her legs shook, and her screams turned into soft whimpers. As she convulsed around me, I knew I wouldn't last much longer.

"I'm really close," I panted, "Where should I finish?"

"On my face, please, baby. I want to be covered in your cum!"

Those words were music to my ears. I pulled out, and she got on her knees on the floor. As I jerked my cock almost violently, Mia opened her mouth and looked up at me again with those stunning eyes. That was all it took. I erupted with what was, without exaggeration, the biggest cumshot I have ever had in my life. It came out in seven or eight thick ropes, the first few splashing her in the face, and the last few on her chest, where it slowly dripped down her breasts.

"Holy Shit," she giggled, "that was amazing!"

"Agreed," I echoed as I stared at her in astonishment. Even drenched in my cum, or perhaps especially because of that, she still looked unbelievably adorable. We giggled a bit more together, as I went and got her some tissues to clean up with. We started putting our clothes on.

"That was really amazing. Thank you so much!" She said.

"Are you kidding me? Thank you, that was incredible." 

She gave me a big hug, and I squeezed her back tightly. While we were embracing, she looked up and said,

"Hey, I know we didn't talk about it or anything, but do you think you would like to stay over?"

I met her gaze, and I noticed through her smile a slightly timid and demure look that I hadn't seen from her before. I smiled back at her, still mesmerized by her beauty.

"I would love to."

Her expression brightened, and I leaned down and gave her another kiss. We held this one for a long time. When it finally ended, I couldn't stop smiling, and neither could she. We watched some Netflix, cuddled together on her bed, until we eventually fell asleep, with her wrapped in my arms. Just before I drifted off, I kissed her on the side of her head and whispered,

"This is the best night I've ever had. Thank you."

She turned her head a bit, just enough to make eye contact with me, and she smiled back at me.

"Me too."