 Both of my parents were obese and lazy. They were self-centered and never cared much about me, their only son. Our trailer was always dirty and in need of repair and growing up, food, apart from beer, chips, and Twinkies, was always scarce. As a teen, the desire to be nothing like my parents and to get as far away from them as possible had pushed me to learn to eat well and to work out. In high school I had excelled academically and physically. These factors, plus our family's extremely low income, had allowed me to get a full scholarship to a prestigious private university on the other side of the country and to leave this part of my life behind. 

I was a junior at this well-known university when I had met Jane, a local sophomore, during a class we shared. Although Jane didn't play varsity sports like I did, she was very athletic and in great shape. Jane was a natural blond, and she was tall and thin. One date led to another and we continually discovered more common interests. 

Physically, Jane was a knockout. She didn't dress to show it off, but you couldn't hide such a great figure in an athletic girl. Jane's breasts were a nice size, 34B I think, and they fit perfectly into my hands. Her areola were small and pulled up to around the size of a nickel when the nipples hardened into little pencil erasers. The nipples would harden often, whether due to chilly temperatures or sexual suggestions. I soon discovered that a few light caresses or licks on those pointy nubs would cause her pussy to moisten immediately. She kept her pussy lips shaved bare but left a nice, neatly trimmed pubic patch. 

I worked out regularly with the varsity lacrosse team. I was in great shape and worked hard to keep myself there. I had a nice sized cock that I learned was termed "a show-er". It hung soft, about five inches long and about two thick. When hard, it was a little over seven inches long but didn't get any thicker. There were a few in the school locker room whose cock was more impressive flaccid and a few of my buddies teased me jealously about it. In reality, I know for a fact that some of the guys' cocks were larger than mine - you wouldn't have guessed it though from their soft little dicks in the shower. There are show-ers and there are growers.

Jane and I started dating pretty regularly, and since Jane was local, I had a chance to meet and know Jane's family too. 

Even though I had my own place on campus, I had roommates and the space wasn't ideal for a girlfriend. Jane's house was an old Victorian style and pretty large. I ended up spending quite a bit of time at their house and got to know Jane and her family very well. I had hit it off right away with Jane's Mom, Mary, and I got along fine with her younger brother, as well as her teenage sister. I never had a chance to meet her father who had passed away some years prior (apparently leaving the family well-covered through a generous life insurance policy). 

I could see that Jane got her genes from her mother. Mary, although about twenty years older than me, was in fantastic shape. She had had Jane young, freshly married. Mary looked like she could be Jane's older sister, instead of her mother. Mary, I noticed many times, had much larger breasts than her daughter. They were probably C or, likely, D cups. And Mary was a little more adventurous in her fashions than her daughter who preferred comfy over sexy. Mary chose tight tee-shirts and blouses that accented her cleavage with frilly lacy bras holding up those orbs. Jane favored sports bras to hold her tits in place

After we had been dating a while, I ended up basically spending every weekend at their place. They had a pleasant habit of eating lunch all together every Saturday and Sunday and chatting (or arguing) about the latest topics. Jane brought me there when we had first started dating and I soon became a regular. Mary was an excellent cook and her kids liked this weekly opportunity to spend time together. 

Mary had what I thought was a very flirty way about her, in general, and specifically, towards me. At the table, she would press her breasts against my back and shoulders and ask me if I'd like seconds. Many times I could feel her hard nipples press against me. Jane rolled her eyes and told me that was "just Mom being Mom...". I learned to accept that it was "how Mom was".

After a year, they had accepted me warmly into their family. Mary even let me kind of have a room there in their home so I wouldn't have to keep going back to my place every Saturday and Sunday. I actually ended up spending many weekdays there too. It was a better study atmosphere than my dorm. I could occasionally have sex with Jane, and Mary would cook me great homemade meals. I would help her brother, Mark, with homework and I taught him how to play lacrosse. He even made his high school varsity team. When Jane told me that her teenage sister, Sarah, had a crush on me, I made sure to playfully tease by flexing when she was around. This made Sarah blush and Jane and I laugh. I even called her my "little girlfriend" to Sarah's friends. They all swooned.

There was one strange thing though. I learned quickly that this family was very liberal in their ideas towards privacy. Bathroom doors were never locked. It was common for someone to come into the bedroom or bathroom to retrieve something when you were already occupying the space. They thought nothing of it. 

At first I found this very awkward. After various interruptions by all family members, I still had difficulty to accept it as normal. "We're all just family" they'd say, forgetting that I wasn't.

There were times that I felt weird. Sarah and Mark were teens and I was an adult. Plus, Sarah was deep into puberty, physically developing, and unintentionally flirty like her mother. I learned my lesson walking past her room once and seeing her undressed. After that, I was to be very careful to avoid her bedroom with its open door. It was awkward, but the house was large and I didn't need to walk past her room to get to mine or the bathroom. Once, Mark came in to the bathroom to brush his teeth while I was taking a dump. I couldn't help but ask if he couldn't wait for five more minutes. Continuing his brushing, he replied the same as they all did. "The other bathroom's busy. We're all family here. We've all seen it before. Plus" rolling his eyes,"- dya think I care about staring at your ugly ass while I brush my teeth?" And went about his brushing, finished and left. It was cool, I guess - just a little weird. Whatever. Apart from this, they were great.

This was their way in their house so I tried to go with it. Except, I wasn't family. Maybe they could overlook each other's nudity because, they were all related. I wasn't related though. And this made it...interesting for me at times. Many times, I had walked past Mary's room as she got ready for bed or changed her clothes, door open, in her bra and panties. How could I not stare? Other times, I'd be studying at night and Mary'd come in, dressed in a vaguely appropriate but still too sheer nighty which allowed her breasts to shift freely beneath the material. "I'm going to bed but I made you a coffee, dear, since you'll be up late." She'd say sweetly and sincerely. I'd follow her ass cheeks out my door and then quickly tiptoe to the door to watch her firm ass-cheeks jiggle slightly as she escaped down the hall. 

One time, when I was going to my room with Jane, we ran into her mother leaving the shower. She had a towel wrapped around her waist. The medium-sized towel left the round, full tops of her tits uncovered -almost showing nipples. I noticed as she walked past us to her room, the bottoms of her ass cheeks were visible. I pretended it was nothing because, for Jane, who hadn't notice me turning my head to stare at that ass, it certainly wasn't anything. But later, when Jane gave me a hand job, I was imagining Mary and her sweet tits and ass. 

During my last semester of my senior year, I had been living with Jane and her family for over a year. One morning, I had no morning class and was showering after working out. I thought the house was empty with everyone at school and Mary running errands. As I lathered up my body and started running my hand up my floppy cock, I heard the door open.

Mary came in and started grabbing the laundry. I was surprised and stood there holding my soapy dong in both hands. 

"Hey there, Chris. Doin a bit of laundry. I'll be out of your hair in just a sec." And she picked up my clothes and tossed them into the laundry basket. Mary looked up, bringing her gaze quickly up from my underwear on the floor to my face. I think she meant to look me in the eyes as she picked up the clothes. Instead, her gaze reached my eyes quickly from the floor as intended, and then, involuntarily slammed back to my crotch. To an outside observer, the double take would've surely been comical. I looked at Mary as she stared at my crotch. Her mouth formed an "O" and her eyebrows shot up. She looked up to my face. I smiled uncomfortably. I think it was the first time she had seen me nude.

After an awkward moment, she giggled and said, "Wow." And her gaze slowly moved from my cock to my face to my chest and to my cock again, where it lingered. "I knew you were in great shape, honey, but wow! Jane is right. You are hot." She distinctly pronounced the word slowly so the "T" made it sound like "hot-tih".

My uncomfortable smile stayed fixed. I felt my soapy cock begin to harden between my hands. Seconds were ticking by.

"Oh my," She said seductively, "... young men and nature..." she said as my cock started lengthening in front of her.

I moved my hands automatically.

"No. Don't cover it. It's beautiful." She said as I rearranged my hands in front of my member.

What was going on here? Was Mary, the mother of my girlfriend, really staring at my growing erection? Did she just ask me to remove my hands so she could see better?

She looked me in the eyes and said sternly, "Chris, move your hands. I want to see that thing."

Surprised, I obediently moved my hands to my sides. She stared at my cock and literally licked her lips. The blood was pumping my cock and causing it to throb as it grew. The soap was slowly being rinsed by the shower and the lather ran off it and streamed off my balls and down my thighs. 

Mary bit the corner of her bottom lip in an expression identical to the one her daughter made when she wanted me to fuck her. The thought made me very horny.

She sucked in her breath as she stared at my muscular frame. I think I could see her nipples poking out against the fabric of her bra and tee-shirt. 

Mary suddenly made a decision. She reached up and pulled her top off over her head and threw it to the floor. She reached behind her and unhooked her bra. She pulled the straps off her shoulders and set her breasts free. Looking at my body, she pulled a hairband off her wrists and pulled her hair into a ponytail. I stared at her large tits as they bounced and settled through these motions.

Mary's tits. Mary's gorgeous tits. They were nothing like her daughter's. The areola were larger and the hard nipples were the size of my pinky tip. The nipples were placed surprisingly high and proud for her age. 

Mary looked at me, defying me to not be turned on as she slid her hands down over her breasts, held one heavy breast in each hand and pushed them together. She let her hands slide up and slowly ran her hands over the nipples allowing each finger to bend the hard tip before it sprang back to be rubbed by the next. She closed her eyes and shuddered slightly and finished by pinching each nipple between her thumb and finger. 

Wow! I thought. Just like her daughter...right to her pussy.

And right on cue with that thought, Mary moved her hands down her flat belly to her shorts. Without unbuttoning her shorts, she ran her thumbs into the sides of them and bent over towards me, causing her tits to hang and swing. She then wiggled her hips, shimmying out of the shorts, shaking one tit against the other. She reached up to grab her panties to pull them down too. She paused briefly and smiled devilishly at me. She turned around, bent over and showed me her sexy ass. She shook it, and slid her panties to her ankles. Making loud squeegee sounds, I quickly wiped the shower glass to get a better view. 

I stared at the heart-shaped ass of this woman - my girlfriend's mother. Her hairy pussy lips peeking out at me. I immediately wanted to masturbate so I slid one hand down my hard cock.

Whatever reservations I may have had a minute ago, whatever awkwardness I had felt, had disappeared with that sexy striptease. Mary stood up and turned around and I took in her nudity, slowly stroking away. 

Unlike her daughter, Mary hadn't shaved her pussy lips but the sexy pubic region was certainly trim. Here hips were larger than her daughter's, as was to be expected for a woman her age, but they were tone and sexy. Her expression as she looked at me was all sex. She opened the shower door, put her hand on my chest and gently moved me back. Mary closed the door behind her and looked up to me. She was so fucking sexy. She was an older, fuller, Jane. I had flashes of her over the past month - in her underwear here, tight tank top there, seeing her legs as the sun rendered her dress see-through. The time in her towel that Jane had unknowingly later jacked me to. Jesus! I had not imagined how hot she really was. And I never imagined this scenario. 

Mary looked up at me and moved her hand from my chest, down to my cock and then around my balls. She closed he eyes, bit her lip and pressed her chin against my upper chest for a moment. I felt her hard nipples press against me as she cupped and fondled my balls in her hand. She let go of my scrotum and ran both hands up my abs, rubbed my pecs, moved her hands lovingly over my deltoids and squeezed my biceps. She slid her hands down my muscular back and groped her way down to my ass. She grabbed my ass tightly with both hands, pulling me against her again, and exhaling through her gritted teeth. 

She sighed and shook her head, "My GOD, you're - what a body."

I finally moved. I grabbed those tits. Those fantastic, amazing tits. I ran my hand up and squeezed them together. I bent my head down and sucked first one then the other nipple into my mouth. They fit so nicely. They were bigger than Jane's but still hard and responsive. I ran my tongue around the nipple while sucking and I felt her body stiffen. I did the same with the other while lightly pinching the first. 

Mary threw her head back, opening her mouth and snarling. "Oh God, you...Oh fuck!" She yelled.

"Don't stahhh - That's good" she exclaimed. 

Mary looked up at me with wide eyes, "I'm so wet. You..."

Mary inhaled deeply as I slid my finger inside her. 

She was so fucking wet and I easily slid my whole finger deep and then back out. As I sucked and licked one nipple and started fucking her with my finger, I rand my other hand over and around and felt her ass cheeks. I switched hands and fucked her with that hand while I massaged her clit with the other, her hairy mound against my palm. 

I fucked her with my finger and teased her clit while switching from nipple to nipple. I let go momentarily and looked at her. Her eyes clenched shut and then opened wide. Her mouth formed a perfect "O" and she let out a long continuous moan of pleasure. I bent down again and I switched to her other nipple.

Her pussy was so wet, I started fucking her with two fingers. She was bucking against me, trying to escape the pleasure. She slammed her ass against the shower wall and I kept up my motions. I switched nipples but kept rubbing quickly around her clit and then against it. Her moan was constant, broken only by her inhaling. 

With her grip tight on my shoulder and the other squeezing my ass, she interrupted her moan and yelled "Cumming! Fuck-ing-Cum-ing!"

She bucked wildly against my hands, thrusting her ass against the wall behind her. Her tits popped from my mouth and she straightened and then shrunk in the throes of orgasm. 

I felt her finally relax her spent body against me, leaning heavily on me but occasionally still spasming.

The hot water pounded against my back for the next minute or two. 

Mary finally looked up at me with an expression of amazement and relief. 

"That was amazing. So long..." She breathed deeply shaking her head. "Been so long...And you -Jesus." Mary regained her stance and ran her hands down my back to my ass. 

"Good girl. Jane. Good girl." She whispered to herself as she congratulated her daughter on such a fine choice. She slapped my hard ass causing me to jump.

She grabbed my cock with both hands and squeezed it. She jacked it once or twice and watched the motion of the foreskin. She seemed content with the heft and feel of it. She smiled to herself, looked up at me and ran her tongue over the head and then around the crown of my cock. She then put the whole head in her mouth and gently sucked. 

Heaven.

I put my hands on her head to push her down and guide her like I did with Jane. Jane didn't mind sucking my cock every now and then. Sometimes she even enjoyed it. 

Instead, Mary pulled lips off my cock and shook her head. She was in control. She kept her hand on my cock and stood up.

"Wait." She said upon seeing my disappointment. "Let's dry off and go to my room."

She led me by my cock from the shower and we dried each other off. I followed be sashaying nude ass down the hallway to her room. Deja-vu hit strongly as I finally saw her make this walk from the bathroom to her room - exactly as I had imagined in my masturbation fantasies; Mary nude, with no towel, and leading me by my cock. 

Once in her room, Mary sat on the edge of her bed and pulled me in front of her. She put her hands on my hips and said, "Trust me here. Let me guide you."

Mary ran her hand up my chest and ran her chin against my cock. She dug her fingers into my hard chest muscles and turned her head, rubbing my cock against it. She turned her head the other way and rubbed it across her nose and then against the other cheek. She did this for a while inhaling and getting my scent. 

Mary slid her hands around to my ass and gripped my ass cheeks - amazed by how muscular I was.

Then Mary slid my cock into her mouth. She put the head in and swirled her tongue around the crown like she did the shower. She slid off and looked up at me. She cupped my balls with one hand and grabbed my cock by its base with the other. Keeping eye contact, she slid her mouth and hand down in a coordinated effort. She kept suction going while doing this repeatedly. She fondled my balls gently and took her mouth off my cock to suck my balls while still stroking. She was murmuring as she did this and I occasionally caught a few words, but mostly I heard wet sloppy sucking sounds as she sucked my cock like no one ever had before. 

Jane and most of the girls I had fucked always jacked me off into their mouths with occasional sucking involved. Mary was slobbering down my cock. Licking and sucking my balls. Kissing my shaft and my pubic region. She let a ball pop free from her mouth and asked, "Do you want to cum in my mouth? I want to swallow your cum"

"Hell yes!" I thought. "Who says 'no' to that?" Jane let me cum in her mouth occasionally but mostly she didn't like the texture of the cum. Most girls I knew didn't. Plus, I came a lot.

Mary slid her lips down my cock again and, instead of sliding back up, pushed down further. She gagged a bit but pushed down to my pubes. She slid up immediately and coughed and gagged.

She smiled and apologized.

Down she went again to the base. And then back up. She coughed again and apologized again sexily.
