 Hi all. I'm new to writing and welcome your comments. I'm thinking about making this a small series.

Hope you enjoy :)

*****

As the principal of an architectural firm, Soraya had outfitted her urban home with an office in the extra bedroom that looked out onto a pedestrian heavy street. She loved watching people walk by, especially when they stopped to admire the trees and flowers that the previous owners had carefully put into place, matured into an oasis after years of care. Getting lost in observing the neighbors casually strolling down the street helped her recalibrate throughout the day as she busily plugged away on her laptop, building and analyzing construction plans, models, contracts, calculations and the like. 

She was once married to her college sweetheart. Twelve years later when they amicably called it quits, Soraya decided to go out on her own and take all the risks she was afraid of taking previously. Starting a firm was perhaps what she was scared of the most. But with her career experience and network, she found success immediately, and was able to save up enough over only a few short years to purchase her little home only seven months before, in a vibrant, walkable community. She loved trudging up and down the many nearby hills during her runs, and that her gym was less than a mile away. She used these tools to channel the grief from the ending of a relatively lovely relationship, and the stress of her startup, to take good care of herself and stay fit. 

At 5'4" she certainly wasn't tall, but what she lacked in height she made up for in perfectly voluptuous curves. And at 35, she made sure to keep everything lifted and tight. Her smooth, deeply tanned skin welcomed the sunlight, and her exotic features were highlighted with eyes the color of honey, long lashes and perfectly plump lips. In her line of work, she could tell she made many a man uncomfortable. Afterall, she exuded sex appeal unintentionally. Soraya simply smoldered. And though most people hated her for her looks, they soon fell in love with her easy laugh and thoughtful conversation. 

Many of the passersby were familiar by now. The couple who lived around the corner with the adorable toddler who always stopped to smell the tiny flowers at the end of her driveway, even though they didn't smell; the older couple who never missed their brisk evening walk, pulling along Corby, their old golden retriever; the abundance of runners and probably more abundant young hipsters who were the likely draw for the many great restaurants and bars within blocks of her home. 

In summer she worked a bit later, as it stayed light out longer and her neighbors allowed for even more visual breaks. Soraya had no family in town, and although she had a good amount of friends, she mostly stayed to herself and put in a lot of hours to build the foundation for her company. She was not looking for a relationship, and had an unspoken rule of cutting men off at about six months of dating lest they get too attached to her, which happened often. She knew in large part it was her carefree attitude about being in a relationship that triggered the men's natural tendency to want to conquer her. She relished the attention, and frankly, the power she had in denying them at the end of their six month "turn." Her girlfriends laughed about it and made a nickname for each of them to keep them straight - like Scotty Pippin who was exceptionally short but very sweet and confusingly well-endowed, Bird who was dumb as a doorknob but was incredibly masculine and great at spontaneous adventures, and the Exec, who was a rigid and boring attorney but who delivered many a wild night and gushing orgasm from simply giving her a good hard fucking on the regular. 

She kept a few on the side to call on if she ever really just needed a dick inside her, but had cut off the last six monther recently and had decided to give herself a little break. 

Over the last few weeks though, she began noticing a new neighbor who had chosen her street as his regular daily running route. She had seen him on the canyon trail the previous Sunday too, doing intervals in the early morning, already glistening in the morning sun, his shirt hanging uselessly from the waistband of his shorts. She found him to be quite gorgeous, although the closest she had seen him was about twenty feet on the sidewalk outside of her office window. 

She loved his curly red locks and freckly skin. She assumed he had blue eyes although she never saw past his sunglasses. She typically found herself attracted to blonds or redheads (although she preferred brunette women, in the rare few opportunities she was given). He was likely about six feet or just a touch more, strong and fit but not uncomfortably chiseled looking, the latter of which was never a look she swayed towards. She made sure to be at her seat every day at 530 pm, to see her hot neighbor use her street as his personal gym. She loved watching his bubble butt bounce by, and if she was lucky, he would periodically stop near her house and look to his gps watch as he probably checked the stats on his previous mile. 

On one such occasion, he did his watch check, then put both hands on his hips and used the view of the beautiful garden to take a breather. Although she didn't realize it at the time, she was gazing at him absentmindedly, a small smile on her face, head cocked ever so slightly to one side. He looked up, saw her, stared back for a split second, realized she wasn't actually "seeing him," then cracked a brief smile, and then turned and ran off. 

Soraya realized what had happened just as he was running away. She was daydreaming about him while she was staring, and was so completely lost in thought that the natural urge to react had been completely eliminated. As soon as she snapped out of it she gently teased herself with an "ohhhh that wasn't totally and completely obvious, Raya," shook her head and rolled her eyes, and then got about to completing her last task of the day. She would go for a quick run and head back for a light dinner, maybe a little more daydreaming about Red, which would probably turn into massaging her smooth hairless little puss, before drifting off to bed. 

The next morning was Saturday and the sun was early and bright. On these days, she typically went for a run before it got too hot, then lay out in her backyard with an iced tea and her book, until plans materialized amongst her friends. That day she found herself feeling exceptionally good on her run and added a couple miles to it, so that by the time she came back she was completely exhausted and ready to lay down and relax. The day warmed up quickly while she was out, and as she poured her drink and gathered her book and towel, she decided to forgo the bikini and just lay nude. After all, her fence was high enough for all the neighbors on the north side to be completely viewless of her yard. On the south side, there was one narrow lot next to her, and a two-story home next to that, but with only one window visible from her backyard. She was not much worried about it. The blinds were usually shut and she figured if there was really someone who wanted to see her naked, they could have at it. It would be her good deed for the day, she chuckled to herself.

Of course this house belonged to her new neighbor, and although this wasn't the first time in the only two months or so since he moved in that he had caught a glimpse of her from his bedroom window, sunbathing in her yard, it was the first time he had seen her do so naked. In fact, he found that she had a bit of a routine on weekend mornings - a run followed by a little sunbathing. So he made a note to check for her each Saturday, and usually more often than not, she rewarded him for his attention. 

On this day, he licked his lips as he watched her, and wondered if she knew that he was as eager to approach her as she seemed to be yesterday, when he caught her daydreaming about what he assumed was him walking right into his house, and ravaging her. He had been keeping the blinds of the bedroom window mostly closed on purpose, so he could look through them without getting caught. He knew this bordered on creepy, but he had seen on her on the hill runs too and she practically steamed sexiness. He couldn't help but love the eye candy his new home afforded him, however guilty he felt in the back of his mind. 

Although Soraya was reading her book, she was only half paying attention to it, realizing she kept getting about halfway through a page but not having actually read any of the words. She was thinking of Red, and wondering how she could add him to the mix of lovers she strung along. She thought of his glistening muscles the day before, as he caught his breath in front of her home, chest heaving, like it probably would after he has his way with her. As her thoughts turned naughtier, she held on to her book with one hand but found the other slowly teasing her skin, starting on her ribs, slowly working up to her breasts, gently circling her nipples, flicking them back and forth and pinching, as she imagined him squeezing her D-cup breasts in his strong hands, and rolling around her thick, dark pink nipples in his wet mouth. 

Of course at the sight of this, Red, or Jacob as was his true given name, found himself rubbing his growing cock through his athletic pants. Thank goodness they gave a bit, as his large shaft grew rapidly at the sight of his neighbor playing with her nipples and slowly, ever so slowly and almost hesitatingly, move her hand down her taught belly, and inch its way towards her pussy, which looked to be completely bare, save for a small strip just above her puffy hood. She had abandoned her book and now that hand alternated between squeezing her large breast and pinching its nipple. 

The sun was completely illuminating her, making her glistening skin shine sumptuously in the light. As she started to arch her back and jut her perky breasts out towards the sun, she looked like an offering to the sky, presenting an impending orgasm as a gift to the rays of light. She was gorgeous as she lost all inhibition and expertly played with her delicate cunny.

By now Jacob had completely pulled his member out of his pants and was firmly gripping it as he ran his hand up and down faster and faster, in rhythm with the movement of her pussy-pleasing hand. He watched as she arched her back even more, and her mouth fell open. He could tell she was about to cum when her legs opened even wider and the plunging of her fingers increased in both frequency and vigor. He increased his cock-rubbing along with her hand and could almost hear her moans from afar rapidly increasing as she fucked herself until she finally let out a cry and her legs clamped together, holding her fingers inside her, and Jacob felt his own release bubble up and finally explode, first in one big spurt and then several more smaller ones to follow. 

Soraya breathed deeply to catch her breath, slowly relaxed her legs, and pulled her soaking wet fingers out of her pussy. She rubbed the juices on her nipples so that the cool breeze would tease her now wet breast tips, and laid back to enjoy a little more sunshine. 

The weeks continued much like this. He would make sure he ran in front of her house at around the same time each day, and would use his shades as his cover to turn his head ever so slightly to see if she was sitting in the window. She would of course be there almost every time. And he increased the frequency in which he stopped in front of her house on the way back from his run, to "admire the garden," while she less and less furtively admired him. On Fridays he would linger a bit longer to see if he could get her extra hot, in hopes that she would give her another weekend morning show. She did in fact, begin doing this much more often. 

On one particular Friday she woke up feeling extra horny. She waited for him to run by, and hoped this was one of the days he would stop and mark the timing of his mile, so she could take in as much of his image for when she plays with herself later. He did stop and "admire the garden" as he caught his breath - shirtless, breathing heavily, sweat dripping down his chest as the high temperatures silently announced the summer. 

She was wearing jeans and found herself sitting on the chair as she watched him, legs wide open, wriggling back and forth, the thick seam of denim teasing her desperate clit. She had only put on a loose silk camisole, without a bra, and as her hips moved from side to side dreamily, her large breasts swayed ever so gently, and she delighted in the feeling of her hardening nipples on the cool silk. 

Behind his sunglasses he slowly looked up, and could see her in her dreamlike state, with what looked like gentle swaying back and forth. Was she not wearing a bra? Her chest looked fantastic and he soon found that he had to leave before his growing cock gave him away. He flashed a smile at no one in particular, but certainly in the direction of the window, and then casually walked off. Soraya watched him walk away, and then urgently stood up, ripped off her jeans, lay on the ground next to her desk with one hand already on her puss, and as soon as she got all the way down to the floor, immediately plunged two fingers deep inside of her, and fucked herself furiously while squeezing her tits. She didn't care how loud she got. She needed his cock insider her so badly, and despite the guys she had waiting on the sidelines, she knew only his would truly satisfy her. She moved her other hand down to her clit as she finger fucked herself, and very quickly found a crashing orgasm take hold of her body, shuddering as she came, and then felt each little jolt until her body finally calmed down.

The next morning as was her typical routine, she ran and, what was turning into the norm, went out back to lay out naked. Her big glass of ice tea on one side, and a book in her hand. 

Jacob made sure to be at the window, to see his sexy neighbor absorb the sun into her bronze skin. He HAD to meet her. He NEEDED to fuck her. He had to come up with SOMETHING. There was no way she would be disappointed if he just, popped on over. She was clearly eyeing him after his runs. She wanted him just as badly. He was sure of it.

And with that, Jacob ran to his pantry, grabbed a small, beautifully wrapped box, and headed out the door, towards her house. He was there in less than 30 seconds, took a few seconds to breathe and collect himself, and then rang the doorbell. 

Soraya thought she heard the bell, but decided to ignore it in case it was a solicitor. But with the second and then third ring, she reluctantly got up to see who the cause of her disturbance was. In her mind, she was just walking out of her house and greeting Red with a cool glass of water at the end of one of his runs, and she knew while he was drinking it, that he was then going to throw her over his shoulder, march through her house, and take every inch of her body. She was peeved that the bubble was burst on her daydream. But she grabbed the thin coverup next to her towel and threw it on as she stomped inside anyway.

She opened the door, ready to be completely cross, but at the sight of what was behind it, took several seconds to realize that her mouth had opened wide in surprise. Luckily her reaction and subsequent realization all happened within a second of each other, and she was able to collect herself and squeak out a "hello" as she flashed a brilliant, yet nervous smile.

"Hi neighbor! My name is Jacob. I just moved in. Well, not just. I've been here for a few months. But I suddenly got the urge to get to know people, so here I am!" Jacob shut his mouth immediately, kicking himself for babbling like a schoolgirl. 

She giggled at his obvious nervousness and immediately felt at ease. "Hi, Jacob. I'm Soraya. Welcome to the neighborhood!" as she reached out her hand to shake his. He moved his hand in as they both stared at each other. They shook hands, but it was as if everything was in slow motion; you could almost hear the faint buzz of electricity between them. Soraya's breaths became deeper, and although she didn't notice, her nipples were hardened under her thin cover up. 

They both snapped out of it and dropped their hands. Jacob presented the small wrapped gift to her. 

"My cousin is a travel writer and stops in a couple times a year to stay with me and share some goods. This is a box of Sri Lankan tea. I thought you might like it. It's pretty fresh. He came straight here about a month ago to help me get settled."

"Oh how nice! Thanks! I love tea!" she said, while Jacob held back saying "I noticed," having watched her so many times, glass of iced tea by her side. 

"I usually drink it iced. Want to come in and try some with me?" She motioned for him to come inside.

"Sure, yeah that would be great!" and he entered the threshold, naughtily thinking he hoped that wouldn't be the only "threshold" he gets to enter, and soon. He was so horny, but kept trying to keep his dick at bay by thinking of...tea? No, tea gets him horny now! Uhh, birds? Cake? Oh my god no he just wants to slather cake all over her and eat it up. He was racking his brain trying to think of things to tamper down his impending boner, but as she walked away, her large ass looked so pert under her thin cover up, he thought he was going to lose it. "Dirt. Tree. Dogs. Grass. Airplane. Laundry. Broccoli," rapid firing words in his head to distract himself from losing his cool.

He didn't even hear her talking, and finally tuned in at the end of, "and out back is ...well, the back yard. It's actually a pretty great space. Want to check it out while I put on the tea?"

"Uh yeah!" He stammered. He wasn't sure if the cool air would help him calm down, or if being out in her garden of lust would just make things worse. But he walked through the kitchen and out the back door to the left anyway, as she stopped at the stove to turn up the heat on some water. She joined him outside shortly after.

"Yeah, this is a great yard. Perfect for entertaining. My yard definitely needs some work," and he put his hands on his hips and looked around. Soraya recognized this same stance from the one he usually did out front after a run, and she felt a rush of warmth run through her. She wasn't sure if she could take this much longer, and was worried that her sticky sweet juices would soon start running down her legs, in the absence of anything underneath her almost see through cover up. She could tell her nipples were hard, and was almost positive he could see everything. Jacob had noticed, and kept trying to look around the garden as he exercised the mental strength to interfere with a boner. 

"I've got some great landscape architect friends that would be happy to give you a few ideas. They'll be here tomorrow for a few drinks, if you're interested."

"Oh yeah that would be great, actually. I'm just over there," he pointed to the two-story. 

When she realized where he was pointing, she felt her entire face flush. Jacob definitely noticed that, too.

"Wow, um I thought the lady who lived there was always on business trips. I didn't realize anyone new had moved in." 

"Yeah, haha I bought it a couple months ago. That's just the bedroom window. Not much to see really. Well at least not in my yard."

With this comment, they both locked eyes. There was no mistaking what was happening. Their buzz of electricity heightened, her nipples hardened completely, and the growing bulge in his pants was no longer discouraged with the random list of inanimate objects he was reciting in his head. In fact, the only thing going through his head is when exactly should he grab her and take her. Should he wait a few more seconds or...

Soraya couldn't take it anymore. As he was obviously contemplating the next step, she took several slow steps towards him, never breaking eye contact, he reached out his open palm towards the incredible curve of her waist, and she pulled off her cover up to reveal two gorgeously full breasts, a flat bronze belly, and a perfect mound, centered precisely between two large hips that led back to a glorious ass that you could sit a glass of ice tea on. 
