 For tonight, as you prepare to shower, take me with you... As you pull your shirt over your head feel my touch as I run the back of my nails down the insides of your arms, down your sides... and as you glide your slacks over your hips feel me standing behind you, my breasts pressed up close to you, my warmth melding with yours.

You will feel the tips of my fingers move inside the band of your briefs, sliding them over your body and to the floor... my hands reaching down and pressing softly against your abdomen.

You feel my breath on your back, the light touch of my lips and tongue moving gently down your spine... your hands reaching back to touch me... I move softly to the small of your back, my tongue teasing the tiny hairs.... blowing softly on your skin and feeling your body tingle to my touch.

Step into the shower, my lover, I will follow.... I stand behind you... the water flows over our bodies and leaves tiny drops, drops that my tongue finds on your hips and I lap at them softly. I reach for our delicate soap and lather my hands, moving them over your chest, down to your tummy and back to your hips... my fingers move towards your darkness and I feel your legs spread a bit, welcoming my touch.

I crave you, I crave every part of you... and I want to show you. I lather my hands more and then your hips... You hear my words... "I need to taste you, my love, all of you." The water works like a magic hand on our bodies, rolling across my nipples, dripping in a steady stream from your manhood... I move closer to your center, my breath warmer than the water against your skin... you open wider to me as you place your hands on the shower wall, leaning forward a bit and exposing yourself to me.

My tongue is like a feather as I trace down your line, teasing you a bit as I go.... my fingers reach for you, massaging your ass. I hear your breathing grow harder as I run my tongue around your rim... your breathing becomes heavier... the water drips from your body onto me...

You move against my touch, my tongue... and with the touch of a soft flower I dart my tongue into your darkness, my hands still massaging your ass. Your body moves quicker against me... I move my hands around to your manhood and begin to stroke you... your hardness is like a rock.

I want to taste all of you, my love... I slowly pull my tongue from your darkness and with my hands on your hips have you turn and face me... your cock inches from my face. You move your right hand to my face and brush the wet hair from my forehead.. our eyes meet and lock... I move closer to your rod, my tongue reaching out to stroke the defined head... As I part my lips slowly I move over you and feel you slide into my mouth, our eyes still locked.

I reach up your body and gently stroke your nipples, rubbing the hardness between two fingers, pleasing you the way you have pleased me... our nipples are so sensitive... they respond so quickly to our touches. You reach up to my hands and grasps my wrist and with swiftness you pull my hands away from you and move them down and behind your body, restraining me, pulling my mouth harder onto your firm rod that is so deep in my throat... our eyes never part.

I move faster against your thrust, my mouth and throat open to you, wanting your seed in me.... you have other plans! You pull my arms to your front and pull me to my feet... and still our gaze never parts.

You place my hands on your chest and move yours quickly to my breasts... my nipples respond instantly to your touch! Only then do you look away, looking down at my breasts... your words are so tender, so pure..."I need you, Katherine, I want you... the burns have never mattered to me, never well... I need you..." and you bend and kiss the tops of my breasts softly. My breath is caught as I reach down and cup myself up to you, feeding my nipples to you. You blow on my areolas, watching them respond... your tongue reaches out and flicks across my nipples... I feed more and more of my breasts to you, my breathing so heavy...

Your lips are tight on my left nipple, biting gently... verging between pain and pleasure... your hand moves to my right breasts, gliding across my areola... it tightens almost painfully to your touch... and then you begin the rhythm... biting gently on my left nipple and pinching gently on my right... I move one hand to your hair, holding you against me... the other moves to the top of your hand, guiding you, encouraging you...

I beg you, my words deep and labored... "Make love to me, let me feel you inside me!" You move slowly from my breasts, your hands blazing a trail down my body and cupping my mound... my legs open quickly.... Your fingers slide inside me with easy... I am so wet from the water, so wet from your touch.

You move your head lower and brush past my fur... your tongue reaches out and teases me... my clit has swollen to your fingers and I move against you... pleading with your mouth, your tongue. You dart inside me... I feel my lungs empty... your tongue flicking against my clit and your fingers pushing further and further inside me...

I need you, I need your manhood inside me... I break from your hands and mouth and pull you up to me... our mouths meet and your tongues tangle.... you feel me pulling at you, pulling you from the shower.

We leave a trail of water as I pull you to the bedroom... our bodies chill slightly at the coldness. I pull you to the bed, begging you to lay on your back.... your cock stands firm as you lay back. I move quickly... my tongue racing across you body...starting at your ears, teasing you, whispering how I want to fuck you, how I want to taste you... how I need you now and forever...

I move to your cock and feel the silky skin brush across my face... my hair drips on your body... your hands move instinctively to me as I take you in my mouth, sucking on you hard, deep... your hips thrust to me, fucking my mouth.

I need you inside me.... as I pull my lips from you, your cock falls from my mouth. You pull me up to you... We are on fire.. the wetness of the bed only excites us more... I straddle your body, my bush brushing against you... I move up to your mouth, my legs spread wide as I balance above your mouth, water and my juices dripping down on your face and your open mouth... you reach up with your tongue and brush past my wetness... darting inside me. An instant wave rushes across me!

I have to have you! I move with fury, still straddling you I move down your body... I feel the head of your cock at my slit. I move my hips over you, raising up I take your cock in my hand and guide you... you slide in slowly, deep. I don't pull up... I sit gently on you... Your hands reach up to my breasts and tease my areolas and nipples... my hands are on your chest.... my nails dug deep into your skin.

I feel you start to grow, moans come from deep in your throat... I bend down and kiss you, again our tongue tangle... I bite at your lower lip... our mouths open we feel each others warm breath... I move my legs so they are now on top of you, no longer spread wide to you... capturing your hardness inside me.

You reach down and grasps my ass, pulling me onto you harder, pushing your hips up to me.... I don't buck, I don't ride you... I want to feel you swell and cum inside me as I am perfectly still. Our breathing is so labored, so intense.... you grind against me as I accept your body, your manhood.

My clit swells and rides against your cock.... you are trapped inside my wet pussy, captured like a wild animal.... And then it begins... deep inside of us.... like a slow glowing inferno. You suck your breath in, your nails dig into my ass, your cock so impacted in me I fear you will split me in to. I feel your body begin to burn, the seed rushing through you... my clit harder and harder, aching for release.... we freeze... your cum will please both of us! And as your juice rockets from you and burns inside me I convulse into spasm upon spasm... I can't control my body... I grind hard against you, my nails dug deep into you, my teeth biting gently on your skin... Your body shakes, your voice deep and gruff..."Oh God, Katherine!, Oh God, Yes! Ride me, lover!!!"

I move my hips now, pumping up and down on you, trapping your cock in me so every seed will be mine.... you thrust back against me, gripping my body to you... and with one final thrust you once again freeze inside me. We ride the second wave, we let the sunburst consume us... our bodies are weak but still find the energy to stay locked.

And when every drop of your cum has been expelled into me I collapse on you... our breathing is heavy but begins to slow... your arms wrap around me tightly... the chill of the air begins to dance across our bodies.

I raise up and gaze into your eyes.... and with a slap on the ass you tell me "Woman! Where will we sleep!!! The bed is soaked!!!" and we roll together, giggling, holding each other.