 I was getting ready for bed, when I could hear loud music. I have a two story house so I went to look out my bedroom window to get a better view. 

As I was looking out the window I noticed that the new neighbor next door was lifting weights with the music playing.

He was gorgeous. He was tall, and has dark hair. He didn't have on a shirt so it showed his strong defined pecs, and abs. He had just enough hair on his chest for someone to run their fingers through it. 

He didn't have any curtains or blinds in the room he was in, so I was getting a clear view of him. I decided to turn off my bedroom light, and adjust my blinds so that I could watch him freely so he couldn't see me.

Watching him lifting the weights started turning me on. I have to admit that I have not been with a man in sometime, and he was making me very horny. 

As I was standing there watching him, I finished getting undressed, and started rubbing my pussy. Seeing him sweat was making me wet. 

As I kept watching him, I separated my pussy lips, and started rubbing my clit. It didn't take long for me to have an orgasm. God, it felt good.

I closed my blinds, and went to bed.

The next night when I went to my room. I immediately adjusted my blinds again so if he works out again- I would be able to watch him clearly. I got undressed, and sat naked on my bed waiting to see if he would work out tonight.

About 10 minutes later I was about to give up when I heard the music. I went over to the window to watch him. Again he was shirtless, and gorgeous as hell. I was watching him, and started to get wet again.

I started rubbing my pussy. After a few minutes I knew I would have to have something more. So I went to the closet, and got my vibrator. 

I went back to the window, and inserted the vibrator into my pussy while watching him. Now my vibrator has an attachment on it to flick at my clit while pulsating in my pussy, sending many sensations through me. I was envisioning that my neighbor was inside my pussy, instead of my vibrator.

I was so turned on, and giving myself pleasure. That I didn't notice that I had moved the blinds. By doing this anyone would be able to see me masturbating. Before I realized what I had done I had come so hard that I squirted.

When I opened my eyes, I seen that the blinds were gapped open. I immediately looked into my neighbor's house, but he was not there. Thank God, the light was off, and no one seen anything. 

I shut the blinds, cleaned my vibrator and went to bed. 

The next night again I got the blinds prepared, got naked and waited on my neighbor. I heard the music so I went to the window. To my surprise this night he was working out completely naked. 

Oh my god! He was even more beautiful naked.

He had an uncut cock that even flaccid it looked about 5 inches long from where I was watching. My mouth drooled, and my pussy got wet. I had brought my vibrator with me tonight. But instead of standing I brought over a chair.

I sat down, and propped my feet on the window sill. I inserted my vibrator, and was massaging my pussy with it while I watched him work out.

I noticed that his cock started getting erect, and standing straight out from this body. I could not believe what I seeing. I could not take my eyes off him. 

He stopped lifting weights, He sat up, and started playing with his cock. As I was watching I started moving my vibrator in, and out of my pussy faster. I knew that I was going to have an orgasm soon. But I wanted to see what he did.

As I continued watching, he was masturbating his cock. He started moving his hand faster. I could tell that he was going to cum soon. I kept thrusting my vibrator into my pussy. When I see him cum, I had given myself the best orgasm ever.

I sat there for a few minutes to collect myself. The light went off next door. I then got up, cleaned up, and went to bed.

The next day was Saturday so I was out working in the flower beds. I was in the front yard when I heard the door close next door. I looked over, and I see him. 

He came over to introduce himself. "Hi my name is Nick." He said.

"Hi I'm Lana." I said has I took off my work glove to shake his hand.

Nick was looking at me oddly. I started feeling a little uncomfortable. Nick smiled, and asked me, "I was wondering if you could recommend a good place to eat?" "I am new to town, and not real sure what's good around here." He said.

"There is a couple of good places around, depending on what you like." I said to him.

"I'm not picky. I like just about anything." Nick said

"There is a Mexican and Italian restaurant that is good." "Then of course we have all the chain restaurant's." I told him.

Nick smiled at me, and said to me, "Well, I could go for some good Mexican food." "You want to come with me?" Nick asked me.

I was very surprised; I was not expecting him to ask me out. "Um, I need to get cleaned up first."

"No problem, let's say in an hour?" Nick asked

"Sure, that would be fine." I replied.

Nick went back to his house, and I went inside my house to get cleaned up.

An hour later Nick come over, and knocked on the door. I answered. Nick raised his eyebrows, and smiled, "You look very pretty." He told me.

I blushed a little, and smiled. I said, "Thank you."

We got into his car, and I gave him the directions to the restaurant. When we got to the restaurant, we were able to be seated right away.

Nick, and I made small talk all through dinner. We got along very well. At one point I thought I felt Nick's foot rubbing mine under the table. 

But it happened so fast I wasn't sure what to make of it.

When dinner was over we decided to go back to my place, and have a cup of coffee. Neither of us wanted the evening to end.

When we got home, I went, and made coffee for us. 

When I came out of the kitchen I did not see Nick in the living room. 

I called out for Nick. "I'm upstairs." He called back to me.

It was odd that he would just wonder off in the house on his own. I went upstairs, and found him in my bedroom. Next to the window that faces his house.

"What are you doing up here?" I asked him.

Nick stood with his back to me. Then he asked me, "Is this where you watch me?"

I froze in the spot I was standing, and could not say anything.

He turned around, and looked at me. He had a cocky grin on his face.

I turned red all over from embarrassment. "Yes." Is all I could say.

Nick walked over to me, he stood in front of me. He didn't say anything until I looked up at him.

"Do you know how sexy it is, that I know you watch me work out?" He stated

I was shocked, I figured that I would get cussed out for invading his privacy.

He laughed softly, "I have wanted to meet you since I first seen you!" "Then the other night I noticed a light in your window. So I knew you were watching me." He told me.

"A light?" I questioned. I had made sure the lights were off.

"Yeah, it was a small orange, and red light." "It was moving back, and forth." Nick stated.

"Oh my god, that was the lights on my vibrator!" I said suddenly, then covered my mouth realizing what I had just said.

Nick laughed so hard. "I kind of wondered if that is what it was." He said.

Nick reached out, and touched my face. I nuzzled my cheek into his hand. "Why don't you let me give you what you are wishing for while watching me?" Nick asked.

I looked at him, smiled, and said, "Oh please do!"

Nick started kissing me, I wrapped my arms around his neck, and was kissing him back. He started kissing on my neck. I tilted my head to the side so he could have better access. 

Nick leaned back, and took off his shirt. God he is even more gorgeous in person. I started rubbing my hands all over his chest, and stomach.

Nick went to lift my shirt off me. I pulled back a little. He looked at me oddly, and asked, "What's the matter?"

I stepped back, I was embarrassed because I was a bigger woman. I was not skinny. I was chubby, so I didn't want to turn him off by the way I looked. I just said to him, "I am not skinny."

Nick looked at me all serious, and said to me. "I know what you look like, and you are a beautiful woman." "I am not looking for skinny. I want you just the way you are!"

I put my head down, Nick put his finger under my chin, and lifted my face to look at him. He kissed me passionately. 

I felt more at ease, and took my shirt off. Nick reached behind me, and undid my bra. He slid the straps down my arms, and threw my bra to the side.

He lowered his head, and started kissing my breast. He was sucking on my left nipple, while kneading my right boob. It felt wonderful to have someone pay attention to them.

Nick spent a few minutes on each tit. He started backing me to the bed. When the back of my knees hit the bed, I sat down.

I was eye level with Nick's cock. I could see that it is hard. I undid his jeans button, and unzipped them. I reached inside, and pulled his cock out of his jeans, and boxers.

My mouth was watering looking at his cock. Fully erect it was 7 ½ inches long, and thick with a large head. I still had my hand on Nick's cock, then I licked the tip. I started sucking his cock, and rubbing his balls. I couldn't take all of is cock without gagging.

Nick rested his hands on my shoulders. Which I truly appreciated. I hate when men try to make you take all his cock when you can't.

After a few more minutes of sucking his cock. Nick pulled me off. He finished taking his clothes off. Then he pushed me back on the bed, and started taking off my pants, which my underwear came off with them.

Nick just stared at me for a minute. I started to fidget. He smiled at me, and went down on his knees in front of me. He spread my legs, and started licking my pussy. I was in heaven. I started moving my hips, Nick put his hands on my hips to make me stay still.

Nick came up over me, he kissed he passionately. I could taste myself on his tongue. He had put a condom on before he came over me. He slowly put his cock inside me.

It felt amazing. He was thrusting into my pussy, and I was meeting every one of his thrusts. 

"Oh god, Nick this feel fantastic!" I told him. "Please, harder!" I yelled.

Nick smiled down at me. "Whatever you wish for it's yours!" Nick told me. He started thrusting harder, and faster.

I had a hard orgasm. Nick kept thrusting. I could feel him getting ready to cum. He leaned up, and reached between us to start rubbing my clit.

"Cum with me, Lana!" Nick demanded. 

He thrust a few more times, he grunted, and I screamed as we came together.

Nick rolled off me onto the bed. After catching his breath, he turned to me, and had a sly grin on his face. "What?" I ask him.

"I am so glad I moved into this neighborhood." Nick said as he chuckled.

I laughed, and told him, "Me too!"

Nick grabbed my hand, he looked at me seriously. "I want to continue this new relationship with you." 

"So do I" I replied. "But does that mean I can't watch you through the window anymore?" I asked.

Nick laughed, and rolled on top of me, "As long as I get to watch you sometimes?" He said.

I laughed with him, and told him "Anytime."

We kissed, and agreed this was the start of a beautiful relationship.