 "Hi, Vivian!" I called to the clerk leaving the store. 

She was one of my favorite checkers and I usually went through her line if I could, even if I had to wait. However today she had not been at a register when I came through. Apparently she had already checked out and was off duty.

"Hey, how ya doin'?" she answered, her usual reply to everybody.

"I'm okay. You look like you don't feel well."

"Nah, I'm okay, jes' tired. It's been a long day, plus I've got a backache." 

The way she said 'backache', I knew it was the ache of a woman carrying around several extra pounds, primarily in her tits and Vivian was carrying around several extra pounds. She had a roll of fat around her middle and these huge jugs that swung back and forth every time she moved. Fortunately, her job didn't require a lot of walking or she would probably beat herself to death with her own boobs but I knew even without working the floor, she got a lot of movement in a day's time and I'm sure she was feeling bad. Besides a woman of 63 years tended to run down a lot quicker than a younger person would.

"Well, I'm pretty good at giving massages. I'll bet I could make that ache go away."

She smiled, breaking the abnormal frown on her face. "Don't joke like that, honey. I just might take you up on it."

We had reached my car but hers was beyond, in the employee parking area. 

"I'm not joking. If you give me an hour, I'll bet I could make you feel better than when you got out of bed this morning."

She cocked her head to one side, asking, "Are you serious?"

"Absolutely. Do you have some baby oil or some kind of lotion?"

"Yeah ... maybe both."

"Take me up on it. It's free of charge. What can you lose?"

She was silent another moment, then said, "Okay. Follow me." 

She headed to her car. I got mine and was right behind her.

When she pulled into her driveway, I followed her in the back door of a modest condo. 

She dropped her work badge on the kitchen counter and said, "The oil is upstairs. Come on."

I followed her up the stairs, mesmerized by the swinging of her heavy hips. Long before we reached the upper landing, I felt my cock grow stiff and press hard against the fabric of my pants. 

There were two bedrooms on the second level and she went into one. It was neat except that the bed was not made. I felt a little more at ease when I saw that it had been used by only one person. She went into the connecting bathroom and came back with a bottle of baby oil. I tried to keep my body turned at an angle, giving my cock time to deflate before she saw my condition.

I told her that I should massage her legs as well as her back to try to relieve the problem she was feeling. I asked if she had any shorts she could change into so I could work on her legs and she went in search of some. She found a pair and changed in the bathroom. I liked the effect the shorts had of showing her big round bottom to maximum advantage.

I had Vivian lay on the bed face down and pulled her T-shirt up at the waist. Standing beside the bed, I poured some of the baby oil in my palms and began to rub her lower back. In a few moments, she commented on how good it felt. I worked the area carefully for seven or eight minutes and then began moving a little higher onto her back. I worked her T-shirt higher and then she lifted slightly to move it even further up so I massaged the middle area of her back, always concentrating on the area along either side of her spine. Then, wondering if she would object, I unfastened her bra, pushed the T-shirt up to her neck and massaged all the way to her shoulders. By then she was moaning with pleasure and telling me how great it felt. By the time a half hour had passed, her back had a warm, pink glow from the fresh flow of blood my fingers had brought. 

I took the bottle of oil and went down beside her legs. The shorts only showed the lower part of her thighs so I started there, worked around the back of each knee, down her calves and eventually to her ankles. When I rubbed her calves, she moaned as if she were having an orgasm.

When I finished her ankles, I kicked off my shoes and told her to turn over.

She didn't pull down her T-shirt and her loose bra didn't cover her hooters very well, giving me an eyeful every time I looked up. Of course that was just fuel to the fire of my erection. 

Lifting her lower legs a little, I sat cross-legged at the foot of the bed and lowered her feet to rest on my legs. I took more oil and very, very carefully began to massage each foot individually, working the pad of each toe, between the toes and the spot on the foot where the toes join, the place that takes most of the pressure of walking. Going from foot to foot, I spent a good twenty minutes on her toes before I began working on her soles. Applying careful pressure, I ran my thumbs up her soles simultaneously over and over until she was literally howling with pleasure, tossing her head like she was in the throes of an orgasm ... because she was. 

I kept rubbing and rubbing and rubbing. And she kept cumming and cumming and cumming.

Once she looked at me through half-opened lids and asked, "Honey, do you know what you're doing to me?" 

I just smiled and nodded. Each time she had climaxed I felt her legs stiffen and watched her toes point like a ballerina. Each time I had felt the shaking in her body as it was transmitted to me every place we touched. And I had watched the little wet spot in the crotch of her shorts grow until a blind man would have seen it.

A few minutes later just as she came down from another orgasm, she pulled her T-shirt and bra up and held her tits in both hands, revealing the angry red lines that the bra had imprinted into her skin. 

"Please rub these now, Honey."

I straightened my legs so that one was to each of her sides, then held her legs up while I scooted up until my crotch was almost touching hers. I let her legs drape over mine and using more oil, began to rub the angry red lines under both breasts. It was, of course, impossible to do that without touching her breasts and as I rubbed. 

Her hands slowly gave way, letting the huge globes return to their natural place dictated by gravity. 

Without skipping a beat, I expanded the movement of my hands from just the underside to include all of her huge globes in my massage and in a few minutes, she was rocking her bottom, even though it was rubbing against my now rock hard cock, as she built toward another sexual release. Ten more minutes I rubbed her tits while she rocked her crotch against mine, maybe inadvertently but effectively bringing her off twice more. 

When she eased down after the second one, I made a decision. As it was, her rocking had caused her shorts to migrate down a little so I lifted her legs to rest against my chest. When I took the waistband of her shorts and panties together and began to pull, she did not resist as the came over her bottom, up her legs and I tossed them into a chair. In fact, it seemed like she might have helped a little but I didn't need much help to get them off. As soon as they were off, I eased her legs back down and got off the bed to drop my own shorts. Then from the foot of the bed, I slithered between her legs, parting the fleshy pillars, stopping with my face in her fat crotch. 

It required both hands to pull her thick pussy lips apart so I could bury my face in her twat but it was worth every effort! 

She was sopping wet and oozing a constant stream of hot sweet/tart juices. No sooner had my face touched her cunt than her hands intertwined in my hair. She didn't so much move me around as press me in. 

Wherever I went with my tongue, she wanted it but harder. Three minutes or so after my tongue first touched her, she began cumming again. Every time I breathed on her clitty, she would cum. Every time my tongue touched her anus, she would cum and screech in delight. For nearly three-quarters of an hour she came so many times I lost track. 

Then she asked me to do something else... 

The something else was to move up into her saddle, where I buried my sword in her swampy sheath, taking time to suck her huge tits. They were so large and pliable I had no trouble holding them near her mouth so I could go from tit to mouth to tit and back again, all the while my pole was driving in and out of her love box. 

I could have cum in just a couple minutes but I forced myself to fuck her slowly, even though she urged me to pound her hard. Eventually I did but it was after I had already come once, rested, then entered her again and we beat each other unmercifully while she came four more times and I finally rammed my cock high into her cunt and sprayed her with a second, albeit diminished, load.

As I lay beside her with my head nestled between her tits, she whispered, "I can't believe you did that, Honey."

"What's that?" I asked.

"Screwed me," she responded. "I hadn't been fucked in 22 years. That was the last time my husband fucked me after his stroke and before he died 17 years ago. Damn! I had forgotten how good it could be. Besides I never had a massage like that before I got screwed. Shee-it! That was so good. I can't believe you made me cum like that. Where th' fuck did you learn to do that?"

"I don't know. Just ... life experiences, I guess."

"Well, Honey, you can experience life on me any damn time you fucking feel like it. I never would have believed it but you actually did it with me. Everybody knows I'm a fat old woman, too old and too fat to fuck. Why did you do that?"

"Sweetheart, you have always been a sexy woman in my eyes, from the very first time I saw you. Why do you think I've always come to your check-out line?"

"I dunno. I guess I thought it was just coincidence."

"No way. I come by to see you ... just you. You wouldn't believe how many wet dreams I've had thinking about you."

She smiled. "Oh, Honey, that's so nice." 

Both her hands went to my crotch, one sliding up and down my shaft and the other cupping my balls. 

My dong started to inflate quickly. 

When it was hard, she said, "Well, looky here. I think we're going to have to do it again, aren't we?" 

"Yes, I think so. Want to try something different?"

"Sure."

I turned cross-wise below her body and intertwined our legs together so that her near leg was over my side and her far leg was between mine. That put my questing cock right at her entrance and with a little push, we were snuggled, pressed together again with my cock balls deep inside her. When I began rocking in and out, my top leg massaged her mound area, teasing her clitoris, and she began feeling the electricity almost immediately. After a couple of minutes, I worked my off hand under us, spread her buttocks and began to tease her anus,. 

She exploded in an intense orgasm almost instantaneously. 

By the time I spit out another load of cum into her, she had cum two more times.

Afterward I slid up beside her and kissed and hugged her. 

She asked, "That was a first for me. Where'd you learn that position?"

"Well, it was in the Kama Sutra. Besides an old girlfriend used to like it."

"Yeah, me too. I'll let ya do that one anytime."

"Oh, yeah? Does that mean you're gonna let me fuck you again?"

"Damn straight, Honey, especially if you give me a massage like that one again."

"Oh, okay. Sounds like a fair trade to me."

She grinned and squeezed my cock. "I used to be pretty good at sucking these things, too. Maybe we can try that." 

For a while we just lay panting together as our heart rates slowly returned to normal.

After several minutes, she mused, "I still can't believe this happened."

"Why not?"

"Oh, come on, Honey. Everybody knows I'm not a sexy woman. I don't have the looks that men want."

"Wrong! Listen, I love women with big tits. I was drawn to you the very instant I set eyes on you. I should have approached you sooner but I thought you'd think I was a pervert. Anyway I get so turned on when I see your big boobs. Really you wouldn't believe how many times I have gone to sleep after masturbating thinking about your titties."

"Really? You really do like my titties?"

"Well, look at it this way. Between them ... and all the other delights you shared with me today, my balls have generated three loads of cum and dumped them in your pussy today. If I hadn't have been turned on, I couldn't even have gotten a hard-on. Okay? That's all because of you."

She giggled like a schoolgirl. "I guess that's right, Honey. Hey, I like the way that sounds anyway. You know, you shocked me when you licked my ass hole."

"Why? Hasn't anyone ever done that before?"

"Hell, no! Nobody wants to lick a dirty ass hole."

"Don't you clean it?"

"Well, yeah but ... "

"Then it wasn't dirty. Did you like it?"

"Hell, yes! I loved it. I can't believe it felt so good."

I kissed her and rolled out of bed, picking up my clothes. As I started to get dressed, I said, "Then next time I'm going to spend more time with it. I may just fuck your ass hole. For sure I'm going to spend more time with my tongue down there. You wont mind, will you?"

"Shee-it, no, Honey! I can't imagine anyone wanting to do that but I sure wouldn't stop you, especially not now that I know what it feels like. That sent me right over the edge. I don't know about putting your cock inside it though. You sure you want to do that?"

"I'm sure ... and you will be too when we do it."

"Okay. When are we going to get together again?"

"Whenever you want?"

"How often would you want to give me a massage like that?"

"Vivian, I am at your service and my schedule is flexible. Once a week, once a day, morning, noon or night. It's your call."

"Wow. Okay. Right now I'm working Tuesday through Saturday every week. How about every Wednesday and Saturday? Would that be okay?"

"Sure. I'll see you Saturday afternoon. Here okay?"

"Yes, same time as today. I got a feeling I'm going to be going crazy waiting for it."

"Well, if you do, we'll change the schedule and get together more often until you feel good about it. Right?"

"All right!!!" she exclaimed. 

She walked me to the back door, not bothering to put on any clothes. 

Before I reached for the knob, she pulled me around, mashed her tits and crotch against me and pulled my head down for a sloppy wet kiss. Then she hugged me and whispered in my ear, "Thank you for the massage. Most of all, thank you for the great fuck. I can't wait until we get together again. Bye-bye, Sweetie."