 Part 19: The Other Side of Lauren 

Back home, Lauren had never let this adventurous side of her out to play. She was responsible, purposeful and reliable; a mother, neighbor, co-worker, friend, volunteer and, occasionally, a good date. She'd had some normal, predictable sex with a few guys over the years but, if there was a line to walk, she was definitely on it. Or, at least, she wasn't veering far. 

Her initial expectations of the conference had been to get a couple of nights of decent, child-free sleep, perhaps gather some helpful intel for her colleagues and maybe, just maybe, in the dark recesses of her mind, enjoy some flirting at a cocktail party or a few laughs with some new-found girlfriends over a glass or two of Pinot, just something to pass the time and remind her that, despite the breakup with her ex, she was still alive, still an individual, still a woman. 

Lauren seldom let her guard down. Not that she didn't want to but, as a single mom, who else was going to get things done and bring home the bacon? Like the sex she usually had, her life was predictable, boring even. It might have taken her years to get here, but here she was, gripped in the humdrum routine of schools and suburbia, and the worst part was that she'd just let it happen. 

She'd also lied to Christopher during their first game getting to know one another. She had stolen, she had been a thief and the shame always stabbed her every time she thought about it, that summer, a million years ago, on a trip with her girlfriends. A guy she'd hooked up with had passed out on her and, broke and in need of more beer money for the rest of their week, Lauren had emptied his wallet and fled into the dark, drunken night. 

She'd been deliciously dangerous once, a real risk-taker. She'd gone skinny-dipping, had blown a boyfriend in the back seat of a moving car and had even been caught by her own parents having phone sex, all before she'd even left high school. It wasn't that she'd been a wild child, as such, but she'd definitely known how to have fun. 

And here she was, again, suddenly remembering what fun really felt like. She was smiling from ear to ear in front of this guy who'd just sprayed his jizz into her underwear, who she'd masturbated furiously in front of, whose cock she'd sucked in a dressing room, whose hands had delicately ran a razor over legs. A man who she'd begged and pleaded to fuck her senseless. 

She'd also slept better than she had in years, had laughed harder and more often than she could ever remember and had opened up a side of herself that, without even realizing, had been closed off for far too long. 

And here sat this beautiful man, his legs still trembling, his breath catching in his throat and she was so thirsty to know more about him, to experience more with him and, more importantly, she wanted him to know about her, about everything inside her, everything that made her who she was. Maybe - Lauren was hoping - he would help show her how to be the woman she'd always wanted to be. 

Her mind was racing over the last twenty four hours, all the secrets - real and fantasized - she'd revealed over too many glasses of wine. Ah...the wine...that fateful space between two and four glasses which (just like the same two minutes before an orgasm) demanded that anything asked of her be answered truthfully. In vino veritas. In orgasmo veritas. 

Lauren felt momentarily embarrassed, but only because she felt she should be. In the truth zone, however, she knew that embarrassment would probably give way to relief. To be able to just unburden herself, to allow her own voice, her own wills, her own desires to reveal themselves, had given her a freedom she never knew existed. 

She wanted to romp naked on a beach with this guy, or stroll down a Parisian boulevard, share popcorn at a movie or just explore life - and each other - and all the hidden curiosities that came with it. She also knew that, the longer she spent with this man, the more she would tell him. She'd only told him five things from her list, but the list was so much longer than that... 

As Christopher sat in the chair, his body still tingling from the effects of the drug called Lauren, she reached up to kiss him. Holding her face to hers, he kept her there, exploring her mouth with his, loving how warm and wet every touch from her made him. Then he looked down at the mess he'd created. 

"We should get cleaned up." he murmured. 

"Let me do that, huh?" Lauren replied, kissing him again. 

She propped herself up with one hand, rising up in front of him, and Christopher could see droplets of cum clinging to the skin on the side of her torso. In the other hand, Lauren still held her wet, sticky panties, like some trophy she'd just won. 

"Don't go anywhere..." she smiled, stalking into the bathroom for a few moments, before returning with a damp washcloth. 

She'd cleaned herself up a little, the insides of her thighs moist and shining. Kneeling down before him once more, Lauren began to caress his groin and legs with the cloth, wiping away the guilty evidence of their sex. Then she leaned down and blew gently across his newly-damp skin, sending shivers shooting gleefully up Christopher's spine. 

"Now that's what I call a blow-dry..." he laughed. 

"I guess you get the floppy disks now?" Lauren replied. 

"Huh?" 

"Sixteen Candles? I left my panties on your shave kit." 

Another, wider, smile flashed across Christopher's face. 

"Yeah, that was the bet. Now I just have to transport us back to, what, 1984, to collect them?" 

He sat for a second, suddenly unsure of what happened next. 

"So, should I, er, bother getting dressed? Or...I mean, we did pretty good, right? We got out of the hotel, at least six hundred yards away, then we actually ate, like, an entire meal..." 

He was half-teasing, but also realistic about the fact that the seismic epicenter of their relationship was right here in this room. 

"You, mister..." growled Lauren, "You still owe me some fun outside. We have plenty of daylight left, so let's get dressed and find some other places to have fun." 

She stood up and looked back over her shoulder. 

"But you're right," she added, "We probably shouldn't stray too far from the hotel, or you'll end up dragging me into a restroom at an Applebee's, or something...not that that would be a bad thing..." 

She turned to go back to the bathroom and, as she did, she gave her ass a playful swipe across the cheek, leaving Christopher with only his very fertile imagination to entertain him. 

But, god, that ass! 

Part 20: Bowl-O'-Rama 

They returned to their coffee place for a badly-needed caffeine shot, the only diversion having been Lauren dashing back to her room for fresh panties. 

"So, where would you like to go?" Christopher asked, as they waited for their order. 

"Well what does a date with you entail, exactly?" Lauren teased. "If you were back home, treating a lady to the perfect day out, how would it go? What's your big move?" 

Christopher swiped his phone and started Googling, careful to keep the screen away from Lauren's prying eyes. 

"Got it," he said, after a short delay. "Two blocks up, one block over. We can be there in ten. You trust me?" 

"Depends where you're taking me?" 

She was actually a little nervous for the first time since they'd met. 

"Well, I've been wanting to get you into a pair of these all day. Been thinking of it, non-stop." 

"Pair of what? We already went lingerie shopping." 

But the twinkle in Christopher's eye, coupled with the downright devious smile currently etched across his face, told her she would not be getting the answer until they went two blocks up and one block over. 

They walked slowly, their hand-clasped arms swinging as they went, like teenagers on a first date, too afraid to be the first one to let go. As they turned a corner, Christopher made Lauren cover her eyes, allowing him to guide her the few more steps to their destination, then, tapping her gently on the shoulder, Lauren lowered her hand from her face and was silent for a second as her jaw slowly fell and her tongue pushed hard into the side of her cheek. 

"You've got to be kidding me?" she murmured, as the huge Bowl-o-Rama sign flashed in their faces. 

"Not a bowler?" Christopher chided, in mock-disappointment. "I don't believe you for a second. Come on, trust me. I'm sure this is not your typical alley." 

"Really?" 

But he was right. Inside, it was a modern-meets-retro set-up; an old mahogany bar surrounded by plush, comfortable chairs arranged to encourage conversation and socializing. The twenty lanes were vintage bowling alley-chic in style, but clearly brand new. Only a few lanes were occupied, the crowd mostly hipster and young, the too-cool-for-school set that both Christopher and Lauren had always wanted to be a part of, growing up. 

"OK, so maybe this could be...fun." Lauren conceded, snuggling into Christopher, who put a protective, almost proud, arm around her. 

"A few frames, a few beers? You hungry?" 

Lauren nodded and they went to get sorted for shoes and beer, then settled onto a lane near the far end of the alley, away from the throng. 

"So, what is your bowling name gonna be?" asked Christopher, as he grabbed a large, purple ball. "I think I will be 'Boris.'" 

"Ha! Oh, then I have to be 'Natasha,' Darlink!" 

And so 'Boris' and 'Natasha' appeared on the board over their lane. 

Neither could really bowl, but it was more fun just watching each other trying to down more than four or five pins at a time. So, when Lauren rolled a lucky strike at her fourth attempt, the celebrations were very theatrical, Christopher spinning her around and around like a kid at a birthday party, the hipster crowd rolling their eyes with contempt at the sight of 'mom and dad' making fools of themselves on their day off. 

"Oh, I want to do that again!" Lauren exclaimed, as Christopher eventually laid her back on her feet. He wasn't immediately sure if she meant the hug or the strike but, when she jumped back into his arms and wrapped her legs around his waist, he got his answer. 

She kissed him, warmly, his fingers digging deeply into her ass to support her and hold her body as closely as he could. It was a full-on floor show, but the hipsters merely turned their backs, unimpressed by their passion. 

Still kissing, Lauren eventually unwrapped herself from him and they duck-walked back to the benches. Sitting on his lap, Christopher stroked her back and ran a hand up and down her thigh. 

"Strike for the lady!" he announced, as though to the entire room. "See, I knew you had it in you." 

"Oh, I've had it 'in me' a few times already." Lauren giggled. "Question is, when is it in me next, and how often before I..." 

She stopped, abruptly. Her flirting mood had suddenly shifted and the ugly specter of time began to invade her happiness, reminding her that the end of the conference was approaching, as was their time together. He read her mind. 

"So, we should talk about it." he said, quietly, caressing Lauren's hair as she tucked her head under his chin. "We've been honest with each other, right, about everything so far, about everything that's happened here?" 

Lauren nodded, sulkily. 

"So we should keep being honest, about...life, when we get back." 

He felt a deep sigh emanate from Lauren's throat as she kept her face pressed close against his neck. What he didn't know was that she was bracing herself for some big revelation - that he was married or living with someone. Worse, that he was really a single dad to seven kids and he was just looking for a new mother for them... 

"I really like you." Christopher continued, oblivious to the soap opera going on inside Lauren's head. "I haven't met anyone like you in, well, ever. I wasn't expecting anything...expecting you...at this conference and I just wasn't prepared for, well, whatever this is." 

He looked down at her, trying to gauge her mood, but he couldn't see her face. 

"So here's the thing," he went on. 

Here it comes...! 

"I don't know how, or what, this looks like, but..." 

Lauren's heart was already sinking. 

"...I want to see you again. I mean, really see you, after all this is over." 

He felt her body shift slightly. 

"I know, I know, this all feels very vacation for both of us, and we could be different people here, but...I like you. You. And I want to know more about what's underneath. Hell, I want to know everything there is to know about you!" 

He waited for a response, anything which told him whether he was saying the right stuff or just fucking up with every breath. 

"Oh crap..." Lauren whispered, eventually, lifting her head. She was crying. "Why do women, no, why do I always cry at shit like this?" 

Christopher reached down and wiped a tear from her damp cheek. 

"Fuck!" Lauren half-laughed. "And I was doing so well there for a while!" 

He hugged her tightly, her body still curled tightly on his lap, and Christopher thought in that moment how delicate she was, like a wounded bird who would die if she were left to fend for herself. 

She craned her neck to kiss him, and he could taste the sad saltiness of her tears. She wiped her eyes and took another breath, desperately trying to compose herself. 

"So this isn't the 'this is just a thing' chat, then?" 

"Definitely not." Christopher replied. "Not for me, anyway. You?" 

Lauren shifted so she could see him properly. 

"The same." she answered, as clearly as she could. "I think you're sexy and gorgeous and funny as hell. I like how comfortable, how clearly comfortable, I am around you. But it's not just the sex - which is amazing, by the way - it's everything. The jokes, the Eighties trivia, the coffee, the bowling..." 

She straightened up. 

"I'm laying myself open here," she went on, deadly serious for a moment. "So you'd better mean what you say because, if not, then I'm gonna track your ass down and..." 

"And what? Huh?" 

Christopher put a finger under her chin and pulled her face closer. 

"'Cause this is what I'm going to do, right now." 

And he laid his mouth on hers, hard and deep, not caring if either of them ever came up for air again. 

They bowled a few more frames and did a decent job on the pitcher, plus a couple of bowls of fries to soak it all up with. Their talk, albeit brief, had erased the concerns that both of them had been feeling and now they could just focus on their remaining time together, hopeful that, when they both got on their respective planes, this did not necessarily mean 'the end.' 

"Right, so this frame, is gonna be a strike, no question." Christopher announced, midway through their game. "I've been going easy on you, 'Natasha,' but this time Boris means business." 

"Sure," mocked Lauren. "Like that's going to happen. Face it, 'Boris,', I lov...I like you, and all, but you suck at this game, same as me. We both suck." 

"Fine," Christopher retorted, "So if, no, when I get my strike, let's see..." 

He glanced down the lanes to the other bowlers, none of whom were paying attention. 

"You have to give me a little flash, OK? A little flash of...inspiration, as it were." 

"Here, in the bowling alley?" Lauren exclaimed, surprised at Christopher's audacity. "You wanna see my tits in the bowling alley?" 

"Yup." 

"OK, I'm game. But what's it for me? If you gutter-ball this bitch, then what do I get?" 

"Oh, that's easy." smiled Christopher. "I'll be your sex slave this evening. No, for the whole night. I'll be yours completely, I'll do whatever you want. Can you handle that responsibility?" 

Lauren felt the butterflies go crazy in her stomach, she even felt her cheeks begin to burn, like the high school hunk had just smiled at her in the corridor. 

"Uh, yeah, OK, I can do that, no problemo." 

But, as Christopher turned to line up his lane, he was genuinely unsure of whether to go for the strike or not. To him, this was a win-win, surely? 

He decided to just let fate decide and, taking his three strides, his arm swinging in a two-seventy degree arc, he launched the ball down the lane and watched, transfixed, as six pins rattled to the floor, but nothing more. 

"Ha!" cried Lauren, "No strike! You're my slave!" 

"Hey, but I didn't gutter-ball it, either." 

"So who wins?" 

"I do." 

"How come?" 

"Oh, didn't I tell you about the six-pins-down rule? If I get six pins down, then you become my sex slave." 

"I think you conveniently forgot to tell me that one." 

"Rules are rules." 

"And I'd hate to be the one to break them." 

"Good girl." 

He pulled her close and kissed her. 

"So, what's my first task?" she whispered in his ear, her breath warm and sweet. "Maybe you should start as you first asked? Didn't you say something about flashing my tits? Is that what you want?" 

Christopher felt his cock harden immediately, his whole body filling with lust as he took a couple of steps back from her and scanned the room. 

"Show me." he demanded, quietly. 

Lauren turned her back to the rest of the alley, opened her blouse and reached in to expose a nipple for him. 

"This one?" she asked, before shifting the blouse to the other side to lift out the other. "Or this one?" 

God, he wanted to suck on them so badly. 

"Can I see the first one again?" he panted. 

She obeyed, as Christopher stepped back toward her and kissed her again, this time with one hand molesting her breast, not caring who saw them. 

"Just so we're clear," he said, his fingers massaging hard around her nipple. "You are now my sex slave. You do whatever I say, no argument, no contention, you're going to be mine, right?" 

Lauren stared right into his eyes with her best 'come fuck me' face and nodded, slowly. 

"That's right, sir," she purred. "That's exactly what I'm going to do. I'll tell you if you're crossing a line I'm not comfortable with, but I want our lines to be pretty...broad." 

"Define 'broad.'" Christopher whispered, kissing her again, her breast growing warmer under his touch, her nipple already hard and erect. "What about blowing me in the restroom right now?" 

He gestured to the door behind them. 

"Gladly." Lauren replied. 

"Gladly, sir..." Christopher corrected her. 

"Gladly...master!" 

At which point Christopher knew he had to get her alone right at that moment. 

"And you can call me anything you like..." Lauren continued. "When it's just us. Because this is only between us. Do you have a name in mind? Something you want to call me?" 

Christopher hesitated, he had to know he was still within her 'lines.' 

"Slut" he said, almost inaudible. "Will you be my slut?" 

"So you want me to be your slutty little girlfriend, tonight, huh? Is that what you want? Tell me. Tell me again what you want me to be." 

"You're gonna be my slut, all night, my dirty little slut." 

"Yes..." she breathed into him, more heavily now. "Oh yes, I am!" 

Christopher was feeling a little dizzy by now, but he was still keen to keep figuring out just how wide these lines were. 

"Uh-huh, so what about...tying you up, blindfolding you?" 

"Please, yes!" 

"And being rough, spanking you?" 

He was getting turned on with every word he could muster. 

"If there are no marks...then there'll be no problem." Lauren replied, biting his earlobe now. 

"I'm going to cum on your tits, too." 

"Oh yes, master, just tell me where, when and how." 
