 We were out doing some shopping the other day, and I realized that we were right next to a Lowes. I needed something from there, so I suggested we go in. She didn't really want to, but still agreed to go with me since I said we would only be in there a few minutes.

Over in the hardware section, I was looking through a selection of boxes of screws. She knelt down, randomly looking at whatever was on the bottom shelf. As I got closer to her, she leaned towards me, pointing her face at my crotch and opened her mouth really wide. I stood there kind lost for a moment, and I think she saw my confusion. She said "Come here and give it to me. I want your cock in my mouth right now."

I knew that she was just teasing, but it still made me interested. I just couldn't see us getting away with it right there and then. Not even for a second, there were just way too many people! 

Shaking my head, I said "Not just yet, you dirty girl." She pouted a little bit then smiled as she got another idea.

"Fine then, suit yourself" she said. "No blowjob yet, but I bet I can still get your cock hard." She pulled out the neck of her shirt, showing me that she had a sexy white lace bra on today. Still down on her knees right in front of me, so it was not hard to see, and the shirt was already loose on her. Keeping the neck pulled out and a little down, she stood up and towards me. 

I was mesmerized, just staring at her breasts, coming straight up to me. As she got all the way up, she pulled down on the front of her shirt, giving me a wide-open view of the girls. Just as quickly as she had flashed me, she put her clothes back to where they should be. 

She reached forward and grabbed the front of my pants, finding my cock easily enough. As she started massaging it, she said "I knew it would work. You are getting turned on. Cool. Now are you ready to leave here yet?"

When I said that we were not, she gave me the pouty face. "Well hurry up, I"m starting to get turned on too, I want to go home and fuck you now."

Putting the stuff in our cart, we headed towards the back of the store for lumber. She teasingly asked me a few times what kind of wood I wanted to get back there. I had some ideas, but I really didn't want to get thrown out of this store. She moved up ahead of me, and I could tell that she was wagging her ass at me. I'm not complaining at all though. 

She stopped about 20 feet from me and held up her hand to tell me to stop,. She slowly bent over at the waist, pulling down a little bit on the front of her shirt. Once she got level, I could see as much as I wanted. Apparently, she felt like sharing a lot. Some random guy wanted around the corner of the aisle behind me just as she was showing off. Stopping and staring, she didn't realize she was giving a nice view to some stranger;

As soon as he recovered and walked off, she stood up and fixed herself. She was a bit embarrassed, but shrugged it off. "I'm so horny" she said, "I just don't care. I need you. We need to go." 

We moved further down the aisle, and a thought suddenly struck me. I grabbed her arm, pulled her towards me a bit roughly. "You will get my cock, but only when I say you can have it. You will soon, just not yet." 

As I leaned forward to kiss her, my kiss turned into just moving my lips slowly across the side of her neck. I put one hand down to the crotch of her shorts, just moving one finger slowly back and forth, right on top of her pussy. Just enough to be a tease. Backing away, I left her breathing hard, and her face starting to turn a bit red from the excitement. I just walked away, calling her to follow me.

I finished getting the short list of things I needed, and each time I put something in the cart, I brushed up against her. Sometimes is was my cock rubbing up against her ass for a moment, or my arm would lightly brush across her nipple as I reached into the cart. She knew what I was doing, and just let me tease her, just a little more each time.

As we finally headed to the checkout, she was in a hurry, but I called her back. "Wait, I just thought of something else." 

She just looked at me.. "Now what?" she asked. 

I looked back to the aisle we had just passed. There was a mom and baby that had just left the family restroom, and I saw the door closing on an empty room.

With an evil grin, I motioned her to look where I was. "I want to fuck you right now. It's private, it's safe, and there is no one in there. Do you want to wait, or do you want to feel my cock inside of you in 20 seconds?"

She thought for about 2 seconds, looked around, then quickly walked into the room. Leaving the cart where it was, I immediately followed.

The second the door closed I had it locked. Turning around, I saw her shirt was already off, tossed onto the sink, and she was working on taking her bra off. I had my shirt on top of hers in an instant, and stood behind her, unbuttoning her shorts as the bra flew to the sink. She moved my hands away and finished her shorts, dropping them to her feet while I made my pants fall.

As my pants hit my shoes, she turned to me and bent over at the waist, inhaling my cock. She moaned as I felt myself hit the back of her throat. She grabbed my ass with one hand, moved her head back, and pulled forward on my ass, making me thrust into her. Her other hand held my balls, stroking them gently. That was the only thing gentle about her. She was devouring my cock in a way she never had. I couldn't let her continue, she would have made me cum in 10 seconds.

Grabbing two handfulls of hair, I pulled her up to meet me. She kissed me with the same hot passion, and turned around. "I'm so damn horny. I'm soaking wet. You have to put your cock in me NOW."

She bent over again, and I put my dick between her ass cheeks, slowly pushing it down to her hot hole that I wanted so bad. She put her hand up between her legs and grabbed me, immediately putting it inside of her. She wasn't kidding. She was so wet, in an instant I was completely buried inside of her. She was moaning as she pushed back harder, driving her ass into my stomach.

Using her hips as my handles, I helped her ram my cock into her as far and as hard as we could handle it. My hands only moved once, I had to get them on her ass. I love the feel of it, it fits perfectly into my hands. As much as I wanted to, I could not hold on too long, I couldn't risk marking up that beautiful ass. 

She stopped thrusting for a moment, so I reached my arm around her waist, moving my hand between her legs. Toying with her clit with my fingers, I could feel her moving her hips around, making them grind on my cock. I put my hand across her throat, pulling her back up to me.

She was breathless as I kissed her, Her arms came up and held my head tightly to hers. My other hand exploring, I could now grab her breasts, squeezing them, and pinching her nipples. It did not take long before I could feel her getting close.

Rocking my hips to her rhythm, my fingers were telling her clit that she needed to cum for me now. Suddenly she stopped me. "No, dammit. Slow down. Stop. I can't cum right now, not like this. I will scream. Not here."

Seeing the look on my face, she pulled herself off of my cock and turned around again. Getting onto her knees, she said "We can both still cum, we just have to be quiet. I want you to cum in my mouth."

I saw her reach her hand between her legs as her other hand grabbed my cock. Almost as demanding as last time, she latched her mouth onto me, pulling my throbbing cock into her. I could tell she was getting close again, with my cock inside her and her fingers playing with her clit.

The world was lost to me for a moment. I grabbed the sides of her head, holding her hair, stroking her face and neck. I don't know how she was doing it, but this was feeling intense. I felt myself starting to cum, and just held onto the sides of her head. Not rushing her or pushing her, just along for the ride. I think I was even panting as I felt nothing but our raw sexual energy making me explode. My hips and legs shaking, I felt her suck harder on my cock, massaging my balls, getting every last ounce of cum out of me that she could. I was spent, I could feel myself getting weak.

Just then I felt her hand tighten up again, and her mouth got tighter on my shrinking dick. She was moaning deeply and breathing hard. I could feel the vibrations of her voice across my cock as her body was locking up. Her hand went to the back of my leg, holding her closer to me as she shook from the power of her orgasm.

The way she felt and sounded was making me hard again. Without seeming to know it, her head started bobbing up and down on it. Realizing what was happening, she stopped quickly, pushing me away gently.

"No" she said, "not yet. Home first. The next one will have to last more than two minutes -- for both of us."

I helped her stand up, and she turned to the sink, leaning on it with her forearms. She found her shirt, but before she could move, I couldn't resist the temptation of her ass pointing at me, knowing her pussy was still dripping wet. I held her ass as I slowly pushed my cock inside of her again. She dropped her shirt, and grabbed onto the sink for support. She started mumbling something, but put her arm back, stopping me.

"That. Is. So. Not. Fair. You are making me cum again. Must stop. I can't handle anymore yet."

Moving slowly, we got dressed, our bodies still shaking. We quickly rinsed our faces off with water, trying to regain normal composure. Finally, we were ready to get back outside.

She went to the door, opened it just a hair, and saw that no one was around. Moving quickly, we walked to our cart and went halfway down the first aisle before we slowed to a normal pace. 

On the ride home, we realized that this store would never be the same. Every time I said I had to go get wood at Lowes, we got a little smile thinking of that one room.