 I had been assigned to work in one of the Los Angeles slums and I didn't like it one little bit. After all, I was a college grad and could have been working for a major corporation. But no!! I just had to demonstrate my goody two shoes work ethic, so I went to work for the state. As I surveyed the broken down houses and the generally slummy conditions, I was starting to rethink my career goals, but I had signed up for this and I never back down on anything. This has led to some sound ass kickings and other unsatisfactory results in my young life. 

Well, that's enough whining about how I came to be here. I rented a small house and started seeing applicants. The state had allocated funds for state sponsored jobs and I was there to select the lucky recipients. Of course they assigned me to a Spanish speaking neighborhood. Of course the only Spanish I knew was, "Adios!" I guess there may have been some method to their madness since I couldn't fairly interview a candidate unless he or she spoke English and these jobs required English speakers.

About one in ten spoke enough English for me to interview and so far, none of them could fill out the application. I was getting nowhere fast. I scattered fliers around the neighborhood advertising job openings. No luck! I called my boss in the Los Angeles office and told him of my glum results. He wasn't interested in my problems and told me to keep after it.

Late on Friday afternoon at the end of the third week, a young woman visited the office. She was pretty grubby and it was obvious that she hadn't bathed in a long while. Her clothes were in tatters and she had on some floppy old tennis shoes and no socks. 

"Do you have a job for me?" she asked in perfect English. 

"Maybe. Fill out this form and bring it back to me."

"Can I borrow a pen? I don't have one."

"Don't you have one at home?"

"I don't have a home either. I have been living on the streets for the past few months."

Suddenly it occurred to me that this was precisely the kind of person that this program was intended to help. I gave her a pen and she filled out the application in less than fifteen minutes. She was the first candidate to finish filling one out. I could see that under all that dirt she was probably a very pretty girl. Her name was Carmen Mendoza.

"Would you like a place to live?" I offered.

"What would I have to do to earn it?" she asked suspiciously.

"All you have to do is complete the job training program."

"You don't expect any 'special' treatment?"

"If you are asking me if I want you to sleep with me, the answer is no. I want to help you if you'll let me."

That seemed to brighten her up a bit. She smiled and asked, "Where is my room?"

"Down the hall," I pointed, "Second door on the right. Do you want to go get your stuff?"

"I don't have any stuff. Everything I've got is with me."

"There is a washing machine at the end of the hall. You can wash your clothes while you take a bath."

"Thank you so much! When do I start the program?"

"Monday we'll get you started. Until then get cleaned up and relax. I've got to wait for the next applicant to show up," I said, knowing there probably wouldn't be any more applicants.

"By the way, what is your name?" she asked.

"I'm Mark Hanson," I replied.

I was relaxing on the couch watching television when she came padding down the hall. She stood in front of me, held out her arms and twirled around.

"Is that your only dress?" I asked looking at the tattered rag that hid her charms.

"Yes Mr. Hanson."

"I see you are barefoot. What happened to those dilapidated shoes you had on?"

"They are in my room. Since they are falling apart, I only wear them when I must."

Looking at her dressed in what can only be described as disastrous clothing; my heart gave me a little kick. I picked up the phone and dialed my boss. "I finally have a candidate," I said to him.

"Why have you called me?"

"This candidate doesn't have anything but rags to wear and no shoes. I need some money to buy her the things she needs."

"How much do you need?"

"She's a girl, sir; it'll take at least five hundred dollars."

"I'll deposit it in your state account today. She better be worth it."

"I'm sure she is sir. Bye."

I turned to Carmen. "We'll go shopping tomorrow and get you the things you need. After all, I can't have my only candidate running around in rags."

She turned to me with tears in her eyes, then quickly hugged me and gave me a little peck on the cheek. "Nobody ever did anything for me before. I can't tell you how good I feel about you." Her eyes dropped to her lap. "Can I watch TV with you?"

"Sure. I'll make us some popcorn."

When I returned with the popcorn she attacked it like a school of sharks. "How long has it been since you last ate?" I asked.

"Three days," she replied.

"We'll have to get you something to eat!"

I picked up the phone and ordered a pizza. When the pizza came I ate one piece and she wolfed down the rest. She gave a satisfied little burp. "Oh damn, I'm sorry!" she exclaimed demurely.

"Don't worry about it. If I hadn't eaten in three days I'd probably do a lot worse than a little burp."

She smiled and sat on the couch by me. About ten o'clock she dozed off. I gently shook her. "Go get some sleep," I ordered.

"Yes sir," she mumbled.

Saturday morning I waited until she got up. She walked into the front room and plopped down on the couch. "How did you sleep last night?" I inquired.

"Not very well."

"Why not?"

"I was afraid that you might sneak into my room and get me," she quietly confessed.

"Put that out of your mind. I'm not here to 'get you'. I'm here to help you. You would be more likely to invade my room than I yours."

"I'm really sorry; it's just that I have grown suspicious of everyone. I guess I'll have to make some adjustments."

"That's alright. I know you have come from some hard circumstances. Are you ready to go shopping?"

"Oh yes! Let me get my shoes."

"Throw them away. We'll stop at the shoe store first."

We bought some socks, two pairs of shoes and a dress. She threw her old dress away. Then I took her to breakfast. After the meal we went back to our shopping trip. She had selected several dresses, some underwear and a couple of pairs of jeans. Then it was time for bathroom stuff like a toothbrush, deodorant and such. We had lunch and I took her home.

I plopped down on the couch and turned on the TV. She went to her room to put her stuff away. When she came back to the living room, I gave her the forty bucks that were left from the shopping trip. She clutched it to her breast like it was diamonds and scampered back down the hall to put it away.

There was a football game on and I watched as USC destroyed another hapless victim. She slid up right next to me and grabbed my hand. 

"You know, I might invade your room. I really like you a lot and I'm at the point of being willing to do just about anything for you," she whispered.

"I really appreciate your offer, but I don't want you to jump in bed with me because of gratitude. I haven't been with many women but the ones I've been with at least pretended to like me."

"I'm not pretending. It is true that I am deeply grateful for all you have done for me, but I am developing some deep feelings for you."

"I think you are a very pretty girl. I must admit that I like you a lot."

"I can see that!" she exclaimed looking at the bulge in my pants. She dropped my hand and let her fingers glide to the bulge. 

Well, that pretty much did it for me. I softly stroked her thigh and she moaned a little. She pulled my zipper down and stuffed her hand inside my shorts. Her fingers curled around my cock. I almost shot off right then and there.

"This isn't the place," I grunted. "Come with me." I led her to my bedroom. She was undressed in a heartbeat. Then she helped me disrobe. 

We stood nude facing each other. Her little tits didn't droop an inch. I reached out and gently stroked one of them. Her nipples came to immediate attention. I pulled her naked body into mine and hugged her. We fell onto the bed, panting and moaning.

She grabbed my cock and slowly rubbed it. My fingers found her pussy and I stroked the wet slit hidden in the crease. We played with each other until I was reduced to a panting, out of control animal.

She smiled up at me and whispered, "Let's do it now!"

She spread her hot, soft thighs and I got in between them. Grasping my nuts she pulled me into her. Her pussy was slick, hot and tight. My body quivered as I sank into her. Very quickly I was in all the way. I just stayed there and enjoyed that wonderful feeling of being inside a woman again.

"Come on Mark. I want to be fucked hard right now!"

Not being one to turn down a reasonable request, I started driving into her, harder, faster, deeper until I couldn't do it any harder or faster. Her pussy quivered around my manhood, getting tighter and wetter as we got deeper into our love embrace. 

She screamed, "Yes, yes, yes!!" Her climax overwhelmed her and she almost passed out. When she could think again she said, "Please don't cum in me. I'm not protected."

It's a good thing she spoke when she did because I was getting down to short stokes, preparing to fill her up. I jerked my dick out of her and she immediately grabbed it and shoved it into her mouth. She sucked hard and soon I shot a big helping of boy juice down her throat. I pulled her to me and kissed her. I could taste myself on her tongue as she thrust it into my mouth. 

I felt her tits and my lips dropped to her nipples. I gently sucked them one at a time and they stood right straight up. She giggled and squeezed my nuts.

"Can we do it again?" she asked.

"As soon as I can get it up we can."

She played with my chest hair and rubbed her leg up and down mine. I massaged her back as I clutched her to me. She must have felt my hardon with her leg because she suddenly quit fiddling around with my chest hair and grabbed my dick.

"You can be on top this time," I murmured.

She giggled and hopped on, driving me into her in one stroke. I petted her tits as she slid up and down my rod.

"You'll have to tell me when you're ready to shoot," she puffed.

"Okay," I agreed.

As she pumped up and down on me she flexed her pussy so it felt like her twat was sucking me off. She threw her head back and screeched her release as I pinched her nipples. 

"Don't stop Mark. Fuck me hard and forever!" she panted.

I got that feeling deep in my nuts. "I'm gonna cum!" I exclaimed.

She hopped off of my cock and grasped it, rubbing it up and down while squeezing it as hard as she could. I twitched and started my geyser. My cum shot straight up into the air while she tried to capture some with her mouth. 

"Oh look!"" she giggled. "My own volcano!"

She smeared the juice all over her breasts and tummy. She even rubbed some on me. I held her tightly and we both drifted into a deep sleep. 

Sunday morning we woke up feeling each other up. I reveled in the soft warmth of her pussy and the taste of her tits. She gently massaged my balls. My cock came rapidly to 'attention'. As soon as it got hard she started jacking it slowly. I couldn't take it anymore so I rolled over on top of her and slipped my cock into her pussy. 

"MMmmm," she hummed.

"MMmmm," I hummed.

"Oh Mark I just love it when you fuck me. Let's stay in bed all day and screw each other to death."

"Okay," I weakly agreed. 

Her pussy was massaging my dick and I knew I wouldn't last very long. I drove into her with a vengeance and she humped me fiercely. 

"Oh! Oh! Oh! I'm gonna cum!" she exclaimed.

"Me too!" I answered and started pouring the fruit of my nuts into her quivering snatch.

We lay there gasping like a couple of guppies out of water. "Oh God! You came in me!" she cried.

"I'm so sorry," I meekly answered, "I just lost control."

"Well, what's done is done," she remarked. "After breakfast I'll let you shoot into me again. It feels all warm and squishy. I like it."

Hand in hand we walked to the bathroom. I started the water in the shower while she took a piss. She stepped into the shower and I took a piss. I got into the stall behind her and grabbed her tits. She wriggled her ass back into my cock. 

"Do you want to get clean or do you want to fuck?" I grunted.

"We'll get clean anyway. Let's fuck!" she panted.

I slipped my dick into her from behind and started grinding it into her pussy. I had a firm grip on her tits as she backed up into my hardon. She was getting pushed off the floor with every thrust. Soon I was down to short stokes again.

"I'm gonna cum!" I hoarsely whispered.

"Me too!" she whispered back.

My semen flowed like a jet exhaust into her eagerly quivering sugar walls. As soon as we finished screwing each other to death, I pulled my cock from her wet, slippery pussy. About a quart of cum ran down her legs, so I diligently washed her love tunnel, fingerling as much juice as I could from her. We played with each other for a little while then she grabbed my cock and led me out of the shower where we dried each other. She grabbed me again and towed me into the bedroom.

Grinning, she pulled me onto the bed on top of her. I never suspected that this girl could be this much fun! She expertly massaged my balls while my dick got hard. When she felt it was hard enough she pulled me into her.

"I want to take a nap with your cock in me," she said.

"Okay," I mumbled.

I didn't really think I could sleep with my dick in her, but I was wrong. When I woke up I could feel her great little pussy caressing my dick. 

"Are you having fun?" I inquired.

"Oh yeah! You're good even when you're unconscious. I think your cock is just the best!" 

I gently pumped her in rhythm with her caresses. She started moaning and twitching.

"Do it harder! Do it faster," she ordered.

I slammed into her with reckless abandon. She made a little satisfied humming sound.

"You've got the best pussy in Los Angeles."

She giggled; "This pussy is cumming right now!!!" she gave a scream and let me relieve her.

About the time she finished, I started squirting into her. "GGgaaahhh!" I grunted as my balls emptied into her.

"I think we should fuck all night," she said.

"No can do honey. You've got school in the morning, remember?"

"I'd rather fuck," she pouted.

"Me too, but I've got to justify having you here. We can fuck when you get home."

"Okay, but can we do it again before we sleep? And would you please sleep with it in me?"

"Oh yeah, that's my favorite kind of sleep. It means my dreams are coming true while I dream them."

She slowly jacked me, anxious for it to regain some hardness. 

"Now, put it in me now! I can't wait."

I slipped between her soft, warm thighs and plunged my dagger into her waiting mound. She giggled and wiggled. How could one woman be so enthralled with sex? I seemed to have awakened some nympho tendencies in her.

"I love this," she remarked as I split her hot little cunt. 

"I'm gonna leave it in you after I cum," I whispered.

"I'm gonna cum right now!" she squealed. 

Her pussy clamped down on my rigid member and I shot her full of cum again. I clutched her tightly to me.

"Time for sleep," I told her. I could feel her pussy vibrating around me. Her warm, sweet breath tickled my chest hair as she dozed off. It just didn't get any better than this!

I awoke to the feeling of a warm, wet pussy throbbing on my dick. 

"Good morning," she smiled, "I'm fucking you for breakfast."

"I'm almost there," I grunted.

"I've already been there twice. This is the way I want to wake up."

"Oh damn," I replied and released my semen into her.

"Shower time!" she chirped.

We gat out of bed and staggered into the shower. The needles of water had a healing effect on my poor, tired body. She, on the other hand, seemed totally unaffected by our marathon love fest of the previous day and night.

Ablutions complete, we had breakfast and waited for the government bus to take her to school. She kissed me sweetly and bounded onto the bus. At last I had time to clear up some paperwork. As usual, I had no contacts all day. 

At four o'clock she trotted from the bus and through the door into my waiting arms.

"How was school?" I asked.

"It was great! They are teaching me how to do a real job not just some lack luster labor, but real useful work. I'm so happy I could suck a cock!!"

"Lucky for you, I have one available," I answered.

She dropped her books. She dropped her dress. She dropped her underwear. 

"Well? Come on!! I want it now!" she gleefully giggled.

As soon as my clothes hit the floor she was on me like a lioness on a gazelle. She grabbed my dick and led me to the bedroom. Pushing me onto my back, she pounced on me and inhaled my cock. She was humming a happy little tune and it was driving me out of my mind.

"Oh damn! I'm gonna cum! Aaaaaahhhh!" I screeched as I squirted her mouth full of my juice.

"Mmm! Yummy!" she grinned as she licked me off. She lay beside me holding my cock and lightly jacking it. "What are you doing to me now?" I croaked.

"I've got to get you hard enough too stick it in me," she answered.

I had never even heard of a female who liked sex this much! I looked skyward, said a little prayer of thanks and groped her tits. 

So it went for the next two months. Carmen and I would screw each other to death at every opportunity. It wasn't love; it was pure, unadulterated lust. She came home from school on the final day. She was crying in short, soft sobs.

"What's the matter honey?" I asked.

"Oh, it's just that now I have graduated from the class."

"Well, that's a good thing, isn't it?"

"Yeah, except that they hired me for a job in Sacramento."

"Oh, then you'll be leaving."

"Yes and I just hate to leave you here all alone. We've had a lot of fun together. I hope I can find someone as nice as you in Sacramento."

"I'm sure you can. When are you leaving?"

"Tomorrow morning."

"Let's enjoy each other tonight. Then you can go to your new life. I'm sure you'll be a big success. Don't cry." I took her into my arms and hugged her tightly.

"I thought you would be upset," she said, "Don't you care that I'm leaving?"

"Of course I care. But it was always the plan to get you off the streets and into a good job. All your goals are coming together. I really like you, but I am not ready for a long term commitment."

"I was hoping you would say something like that. I'm not ready either. Let's go fuck each other one more night."

The next morning we were completely worn out. We had our last breakfast together and she got on the bus. I got on the phone and called my boss.

"What the hell do you want this time?" he growled.

"Stick this job up your ass. I'll be in later today to get my final check. I'm leaving!!" He sputtered and fumed but I was adamant. When I went to get my check, he glared at me the whole time I was in the office. I got my check, flipped him off and left.

That job had really sucked but it had one great fringe benefit and now that she was gone, there was no reason for me to put up with that asshole anymore. I jumped in my car and headed for Tucson where I had a job offer; but I'll always remember my sweet little ghetto girl.