 Jeff held Courtney's hand as she cried. Nick, Courtney's long time boyfriend of 2 years had passed away in a horrible car accident. Nick was also Jeff's best friend since grade school. The funeral ceremony was short and Courtney felt as if her world had been torn apart. Nick had been a wonderful, caring, and understanding boyfriend. They would stay up late at night talking about how they would marry after college and live happily ever after. Now all of that was gone. Courtney dried her eyes with a tissue and everyone began to walk outside ready to head on over to the cemetery. 

The clouds were looking dark outside as if it was about to rain. Once at the cemetery Courtney held on to Jeff's hand for support. She knew he was the only other person that cared about Nick as much as she did, besides Nick's family. Cried and sobs could be heard as the priest said his prayers. Courtney didn't cry. She was all out of tears. She recalls a few days before when she was given the awful news. She cried day and night almost nonstop. Being in college, she got an excuse from her professors to stay away from class for at least a week. Luckily she lived alone otherwise living with a roommate like she did last year would have killed her. She needed time alone.

After the funeral, Courtney decided to head home. Jeff watched her leave in her car and waved to her. She was beautiful, he had to admit. Her hair was long, blonde and silky. Her eyes were a baby blue and her skin light. Her rosy cheeks, perfect eyebrows and pouty lips alone could make any guy fall for her. She was very petite and short standing at only 5'2". Jeff had fallen hard for Courtney ever since he first met her. 

He still recalled Nick introducing them 2 years ago. Courtney was sweet, sensitive, smart, sexy and witty. What else could a guy what? She was perfect. His dream girl, but he had to stay away. No way on earth would he ever let a girl come between his friendship. He recalled watching Nick and Courtney kissing and he watched. He watched how his best friend slid his hand up and down Courtney's beautiful hourglass shaped body. He'd gotten so hard that he just had to look away. Now Nick was gone, yet Jeff still felt like making a move on Courtney would be wrong.

Lying in the bathtub, Courtney relaxed in a bubble bath. She'd been through hell that week with all the funeral things going on and trying to keep up with her schoolwork. She closed her eyes for a moment and could faintly hear Nick's voice humming to her as he used to when she took a bubble bath. He'd hum as he washed her neck and back. He used to tell her about his day and how much he loved her. It was the most wonderful time of her life. Now Nick was gone. It was time to begin life all over again. She wondered how long that would take her.

~One Year Later~

Nick slicked his brown hair back and his green eyes pierced at himself in the mirror. He had to admit he never looked better of felt better in his entire life. He recalled the accident and he still recalled Courtney his true love. She'd been the first girl he'd been with sexually and emotionally. And Jeff. He remembered his best friend in the whole world. A friend that had been his friend through thick and thin. A kind of friend that you could trust with your own life. He missed them both but often got to get a peak at them. He'd watched Courtney at school, when she slept and when she talked out loud as if she knew he was present. 

Jeff had done well in school despite his best friends death. Jeff's short black curly hair and dark deep blue eyes could make almost any girl swoon. He was charming, intelligent and very polite. Nick often wondered why Jeff never had a girlfriend. He said he was always too busy with school but Nick knew there had to be something else behind it all. 

* * *

"Courtney? Are you busy?" Courtney heard a deep masculine voice speaking to her. She looked up to see Jeff standing there holding his backpack. 

"Hey Jeff. No I'm just studying for my history exam. I swear if I don't pass this, I'll never graduate college."

Jeff laughed. "You're smart Courtney you can do it. If you need any help I'm here."

Courtney looked at Jeff's handsome face and smiled. "Thank you. 

They continued to talk and Nick sat near by listening. He noticed his best friend's eyes glowed as he stared at Courtney. Nick had never really noticed before. He always sensed Jeff might have a small crush on Courtney, not that he could blame him. He watched them converse for a while and then decided to disappear. 

* * *

Back in heaven, Nick sat quietly and looked around. He knew he shouldn't be watching Courtney or Jeff but something told him he had to. Something told him his job on Earth wasn't finished. 

* * *

Jeff lay on his bed early the next morning and ran his hands down his body until he found his hard cock. He gripped it tightly and moaned quietly. He'd spent the entire day with Courtney the day before. He could still recall the smell of her perfume, the way she talked so softly, and the way she looked at him with her eyes glowing. He was in love. He'd fallen head over heels. 

He wanted to ask her out as more than just a friend but thought it was still too risky. Guilt swept over him thinking he'd still in some odd way be stealing his best friends girlfriend. He couldn't do that to Nick. Nick had been his best friend since they were children. Nick had been a friend you never forget. 

Jeff began to stroke his cock slowly as his mind filled with thoughts of Courtney's pretty face, little body, and long tanned legs. He'd accidentally touched her hand several times and each time, her touch alone would entice him. The way she smiled at him made his heart flutter. Courtney was his dream girl. 

"Hmmmgghhhh," Jeff moaned stroking his hard member faster now. He had a good tight grip on it and felt his veins pulsing and his balls swelling up full of cum ready to be released. He closed his eyes envisioning kissing Courtney softly on her pouty lips. His hands would roam her entire body touching every curve she had. He'd kiss her neck softy and lightly suck on it leaving her soft little red marks. His hands would move to her breasts as he caressed them over her top feeling her nipples harden underneath the fabric of her top. She'd moan softly into his ear and beg for more of his touch, beg for his cock....

"Ahhhhh fuck!" Jeff cried out as he felt a long hard shot of sperm shooting out of his throbbing cock. The long ropes of warm cum shot out furiously. Jeff groaned and felt his toes curl. He lay in bed for a minute catching his breath and feeling his cock begin to soften in his cum covered hands. 

* * *

Courtney woke up the next morning as looked out her window. She could see several of her classmates running outside, as it was their usual jogging time. She groaned not wanting to get out of bed. She wore nothing but a long nightshirt and soft pink cotton panties to bed. Her nightshirt was lifted up above her waist. Courtney looked up at the ceiling and smiled.

"I miss you Nick. I miss you so much."

She lifted her shirt up all the way exposing her small breasts. Her nipples were so hard and felt incredibly sensitive as she touched them. Her fingers ran gently over each breast giving her the sensation of wanting to masturbate. It'd been so long or at least it seemed like an eternity since she last had any kind of sexual pleasure. She remembered the last time she and Nick had sex. He'd been so gentle with her that night. He'd moved in and out of her so slowly at first letting her enjoy the feel of his cock inside of her. She remembered the look of love in his eyes as he began to move faster inside of her. She ran her hand all over his skin feeling him, so hot and sweaty. 

"Ooh God!" Courtney called out. One hand stayed on her breasts and the other moved down. She ran it passed her flat belly and it stopped once it was between her legs. She could feel her panties soaking wet. Her finger rubbed up and down over the cotton fabric where her clit is. She moaned softly and pushed her panties to the side. She spread her lips open and flicked her clit with her finger so fast. Her little body squirmed on the bed as she began to pleasure herself. 

"Oohhh Ahhrrrhhhhhh!" 

Her finger slid into her pussy. She could feel she was wet and so warm. Her juices seeped out coating her finger with her honey. Her finger slid in and out of her opening and so many thoughts ran through her mind. First Nick came to mind. His mouth between her legs and his wonderful lovemaking. But then, images of Jeff came to her mind. Courtney tried to fight it. She didn't want to think of Jeff. He was a friend that's all. Nothing but a dear true friend. 

"Mmmmgghhhh!" Courtney wailed as she thought more about Jeff.

She loved the way he looked at her lately. She'd noticed his stares of admiration before Nick had passed away. She always blushed but never thought about Jeff in more than a friendly way. She was in love with Nick and Jeff was nothing but a friend. 

Ok so she had secretly thought about kissing Jeff. Maybe even letting him feel her breasts. Letting him run his hands down between her legs and fingering her. Making her moan loudly as he sucked on her nipples. They were just fantasies. Something she would never act upon, but Oh God he was gorgeous, she had to admit. 

Courtney felt her heart racing and her body tighten up as she began to climax. Her nipples got so big and her body trembled. "Mmmmmm Jeff!" She found herself blurting out his name. 

Nick knew what was going on. He knew he was in a better place, and Courtney was still on Earth and needed to be happy again. Jeff could make her happy. He had to find a way to make them both realize that they belonged together now. They both had a chance at love. 

* * *

Jeff was studying for one of his anatomy exams on evening when he heard a noise outside his window. He took a peak outside and saw nothing but trees swaying from the hard wind. The sky looked dark and a sudden sound of thunder was heard. Jeff frowned. He had no idea it would rain that evening. He closed his window and his blinds. Heading back to his studying Jeff's eyes widened and his breath grew short. He stood there frozen as he looked at Nick standing before him. Nick grinned at his friend but Jeff was speechless.

"Jeff?" Nick asked softly.

Jeff still didn't respond. His heart was pounding so hard he swears he almost had a heart attack. It was either Nick's ghost or Jeff was hallucinating. He stepped back feeling so frightened. 

"Jeff, please talk to me. It's me Nick."

Jeff was still dumbfounded. It had to be a dream! This wasn't real. Nick was dead. It was all his own imagination. Jeff gulped and took a deep breath. "N-nick?"

Nick nodded. "Yes it's me. Please don't freak Jeff. I know I'm dead. I'm a ghost."

"N-nick. I m-miss you!" Jeff stammered and had tears running down his handsome face.

Nick felt tears swelling up in his eyes. "I know. I miss you too. And Courtney. Oh God I still love her."

"Why are you here? I mean I'm glad you are here but..." Jeff's words trailed off.

Nick walked closer to his friend. He put his arms around him and Jeff hugged his friend back. It felt almost like old times when they used to bond the way best friends should bond. Jeff couldn't feel Nick but he knew Nick could feel him. "Nick, Courtney still loves you. I know she does."

Nick took a look at his friend. "And you love her don't you?"

Jeff wanted to look away but he was afraid if he did, Nick would be gone. "Yes I do. I'm sorry."

"You've always been in love with her haven't you?"

Jeff nodded as he wiped his tears. "Yes. But I never did anything with her Nick. I swear! I'd never do that to you."

Nick smiled. "I know you wouldn't. You're a true friend Jeff. I'm sorry I never got to tell you how much I appreciated your friendship when I was alive. I did. I still carry you and Courtney in my heart."

Jeff stared at Nick in amazement. He hadn't realized how much he missed his best friend until that moment. "I'm glad you came to visit me. Are you going to be able to do that more often?"

Nick shrugged. "I don't know. I guess I can. It's weird you know. I think I got these strange powers now. I can make myself disappear or appear whenever I want. I was going to appear for Courtney, but I had to talk to you first. Jeff I need you to make Courtney happy."

Jeff looked shocked. "W-what? Me? What do you mean?"

"You know what I mean. Jeff it's time you go on with life. I know you and Courtney are denying each other because of me. Well guess what? I'm gone! You two deserve one another. I mean I can't think of any other guy who could make Courtney as happy as you can. I trust you to take care of my girl Jeff. I love you both and you both mean so much to me. I need you two to take care of each other and love one another."

Jeff looked uneasy. "Nick, she was your girl. I can't-"

"That's right! She was my girl. But she isn't anymore. Life has changed and you have to change with it Jeff. I know you will make her happy. She needs you."

Jeff smiled shyly. "I love her so much Nick. She's all I think about."

"Yes I know you do. Please go to her."

Jeff nodded. "No I can't. She probably doesn't feel the same way about me. I mean she was so in love with you."

"Well she's going to find someone else eventually. I mean she's only 21. I don't think she's going to spend the rest of her life mourning over me right? So it's your chance Jeff to get the girl of our dreams."

Jeff laughed quietly and hugged his friend again. "I love you man."

"I love you too."

Jeff sighed. "Ok now can you at least talk to Courtney too? She probably wants to see you again. It'll be such a treat for her."

"I don't know if I can. I can try. I think I can only appear for some people."

"She must be studying right now. She studies at the same time I do."

"Yes she does."

"Can you come with me? I'm so nervous."

Nick winked. "Yup I sure can. I won't let you down Jeff."

Jeff left his blue jeans on and changed into a black t-shirt and put on his boots. They both headed out to Courtney's apartment to see if Jeff and Courtney could admit their love for one another.

* * *

Courtney was frustrated over her chemistry homework. She lay on her bed in her long baby blue t-shirt that used to belong to Nick. Her blonde hair was hanging down and her long legs dangled off the bed. 

Knock! Knock!

Courtney got startled. She raised her body up from the bed and realized it was almost nine that night. She wondered if it was Jeff. She hoped it would be.

"Jeff!" Courtney's smile grew as she saw Jeff standing in front of her door.

"Hey. Are you busy?" Jeff couldn't help but notice how beautiful she looked.

"Not really just doing some chemistry. Come in."

Jeff stepped in and Nick followed. Nick closed his eyes and hoped Courtney could see him, but no matter how hard he tried, Courtney didn't seem to see him there. Jeff looked at Nick nervously. He took a seat on Courtney's bed and she sat next to him."

"So what's going on? What brings you here this time of night?"

Jeff took a deep breath before speaking. "Well, I saw someone tonight. Someone you and I know."

Courtney looked puzzled. "Who?"

"Nick."

Courtney stood up looking so angry. "Stop it Jeff. Stop playing like that. It's not funny."

Jeff looked up at her. She looked shaky. "I'm not playing. Courtney it's true. I saw him. I even talked to him."

"Jeff, have you been drinking?"

"No. You know I don't drink. Courtney please listen to me."

"I've heard enough. Jeff I hate to be rude but please leave."

"No Courtney please, listen to me."

"I said leave!" Courtney's bottom lip trembled as she was beginning to cry.

Jeff stood up and tried to touch Courtney's shoulder. She moved away from him and tears rolled down her face. "Courtney he's here in the room with us right now as we speak."

Courtney sobbed. "Why are you doing this to me? Jeff please stop talking this nonsense!"

Nick watched as his friend struggled to tell Courtney about his appearance. Nick took a deep breath and wished. He wished hard and suddenly felt as if he was fading away. Jeff was about to speak, when suddenly he felt his breath go short and his body tremble. 

Courtney looked scared. "Jeff? Are you OK?"

Jeff didn't respond. He just kept shaking for a moment and then fell on the floor on his knees. Courtney rushed to him trying to help him out. "Jeff please talk to me. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be that way with you. Jeff!"

Jeff looked up at her finally but it wasn't Jeff. It was Nick. Nick was inside Jeff's body now. Courtney looked into Jeff's eyes but realized there was something different. It was something so familiar. She held Jeff's hands in hers and felt that touch. The touch that used to make her get so excited. It was Nick's touch. 

"Jeff? Nick?" Courtney asked confused.

"It's me babe. It's Nick."

Courtney stepped back again and her heart pounded. It felt like a dream. Maybe it was a dream, but it felt so real! Was Nick trapped inside of Jeff's body? Had he come down from heaven to talk to her?

"I don't believe it! Nick! Is that really you?"

Nick nodded. "Yes it is. I've missed you so much. I love you Courtney."

Courtney was confused. She slowly walked to Jeff and put her hand on his face. Jeff put his arms around her and even though it was Jeff hugging her, she could feel Nick's touch. 

"I can't believe it's you. This has to be a dream."

Nick laughed. "It's not."

Courtney began to cry and she held Nick and Jeff at the same time. "I love you Nick. I love you so much. I miss you."

"I miss you too. You know I still love you and I always will."

Courtney felt him cup her chin and make her look up at him. She saw Jeff's face but still felt Nick's presence. "Jeff loves you too you know that? He loves you more than just a friend. Please give him a chance."

Courtney wanted to protest, but she couldn't. She was very fond of Jeff. How could she not be? He was kind, gentle, smart, and sweet. He was now her best friend. Someone you could trust your life with. She had to admit she loved Jeff too. There had been so many times she thought about him sexually and emotionally. He was the best thing that she had ever since Nick.

"B-but he's your best friend. Isn't that wrong?"

Nick nodded. "No it's not. It's very right. I want you to be happy and I want Jeff to be happy. The only way that'll happen is if you two admit that you love one another and want to be with each other. Courtney life is too short for you to be depriving yourself of true love."

Courtney bit her lower lip and blushed. "I do like Jeff. No, I love Jeff. I love him so much." It felt good to admit that.

Nick felt his heart flutter with happiness. Finally his best friend and his girl would be together. They'd be able to enjoy each other for a long time to come. Maybe even for eternity. Nick leaned down to kiss Courtney's lips. He'd missed her kisses. The way she always kissed so softly and the way her tongue used to slide with his. Courtney's toes curled as she kissed Jeff's lips but felt Nick's kiss. It was so exciting and emotional. Tears ran down harder on her pretty face. Her heart raced and Nick began to slowly lift up her shirt. It's been his t-shirt. His brother had gotten it for him one Christmas, but it was too large. He gave it to Courtney since she woke up one morning and slipped it on after they had made love for the first time. She walked around in it making him want her more. She modeled it for him and he never forgot that moment. He never would. She still wore the shirt that brought so many sweet memories back. He knew even though she loved Jeff, that he would always have a special place in her heart. 
