 Chapter 1

It was my first year of college, early November, actually, when I saw a notice posted for two models for an art class. Actually, it was for two nude life models, one male, one female.

Well, I could use the money and I was on an athletic scholarship on the swimming team and my body was in pretty good tone.

So, I went to see the art instructor who asked me several questions like if I'd ever posed before and especially if I'd ever posed unclothed.

I told her that I hadn't but I thought I could do it okay. She was pretty upfront mentioning that it would be helpful if I could exercise some control over possible erections that might occur. I told her I thought I could although I am a young, healthy male and could only try.

She seemed quite down-to-earth about it and asked if I'd like to try modeling for a class for a one-time fee to see if I wanted to continue.

I figured that was a good way to see if I really wanted to do this and she asked if I would strip down to my shorts which I did.

She pronounced me suitable and told me to be at Room 226 in the Art Center at 2 pm the next afternoon. What she didn't see, though it would be on display the next afternoon, was my cock. Yes, it was nice, just over seven inches erect and was just over four soft and flaccid.

I really didn't think much about it until lunchtime the next day when I realized that I was soon to be naked in front of a group of people I'd probably never seen before, dick and all.

Was I nervous? I was but the money was good and, well, I'm certainly not ashamed of my body, I'm actually pretty buff. In high school, the girls on the swim team voted me the guy they'd most like to see naked and I was happy to oblige.

So, I opened the door of Room 226 right at two and went in.

The instructor came right over and showed me a screen to change behind which I thought was a bit odd and I went behind and stripped. I had a moment to look around and see that it was mostly females in the class. Oh, my.

As I stepped out, I now could look around and there were seventeen young women and two guys in the class.

The instructor had me stand on a platform in the middle of the group and showed me the pose she wanted.

I couldn't look around too much but, well, there sure seemed to be some rather pretty young women in the class and I got several smiles from the ones in front of me, one even winked.

But, I was also concentrating on railroad trains, parachuting out of airplanes, time-lapse images of leaves on trees shriveling and falling, dead and brown to the ground, just anything non-sexy. I'm sure you understand.

I was able to control my dick pretty well though I mostly much knew it had lengthened a bit, after all, it does have a mind of its own.

After about ten minutes or so, the instructor told me to take a break and do some stretches if I wanted so I used the opportunity to look around the room taking inventory of the young female art students.

That was when I knew that I wanted to continue modeling for the class, it was packed with very pretty girls and while I'd gotten to know a few girls so far, this was looking interesting. And, well, I was now wondering if, perhaps, I wasn't an exhibitionist. It had never occurred to me before but I did like standing there totally naked in front of all those lovely young women, all clothed as one would expect.

After posing some more, I took another break, it was tiring as you held a particular position, and after a few stretches, I took a long, stretch right in front of one of the girls, the one who'd winked at me earlier, and as I stretched high and wide, I moved my hips toward her so my cock was less than a foot from her face.

I looked down at her and she was grinning at me, knowing I was purposely putting my cock near her. But, then it was time for my final pose of the day.

At the end of the hour, I got down and went behind the screen to get dressed, something I thought was, frankly, kind of weird since I'd been naked for an hour. But they have their ways of doing things.

The class was cleaning up and putting their supplies away when the girl I'd put my cock out for came over and shook my hand thanking me.

"I'm Nicole, I just wanted to thank you for being here today. Are you coming back?"

As she took her hand away, I knew that she's palmed a note into my hand which I slid into my pocket.

"Well, I'm supposed to talk with the instructor now and, yeah, I plan on doing this regularly."

"Good, I hope to see you again...all of you," and she smiled, turned and walked out.

I talked with the instructor and we arranged for me to model for the class on a regular basis, Tuesdays and Thursdays. She also suggested that I might want to shave my underarm and pubic hair though it was really up to me.

As I walked back to my dorm, I pulled out the piece of paper the girl had given me. It was simple, "Nicole Hopkins" followed by a phone number.

I pulled out my phone and pressed the numbers.

"Hello, this is Nicole."

"Hi, this is Noah."

"Noah, Noah who?"

"You just gave me your phone number in the Life Drawing Class. I was the model."

"Omigod, yes, oh, your name is Noah, okay. Um, well, yeah, thanks for calling me. Um, I...I kind of wanted to tell you how much I appreciate your modeling for our class. I think you have a great body, really nice."

"Thanks, I do train some so that helps."

"I was wondering if maybe you ever saw any of the girls in the classes you model for. Like, you know, um, maybe like to, um, have some fun together."

Well, that didn't leave too much to guess about, did it?

"I've just started the modeling so I'm really pretty new to it."

"You looked really relaxed and confident up there in front of all the class. Um, could we like get together sometime, maybe some night this week?"

"Sure Nicole, when's good for you?"

"Are you like free right now?"

It was three-thirty and, well, I did have the time.

"Yeah, I'm open."

"I'm in the new dorm, the one with the red roof, Room 340. Could you come over now?"

"I'll be right over," I told her and we ended the call as I turned and began walking to her dorm.

I went up and she opened the door and let me in.

"It's nice that you came right over. I was kind of, well, turned-on by seeing you this afternoon. You have a beautiful penis, do you know that?"

"I...well, I guess it's okay, I've never really thought much about it."

"I was hoping I could see it again. Maybe see it erect, like hard."

"I was afraid of that happening in the class, glad it didn't," I managed to get out.

"I'll help it if you want? Could I see you that way?"

I pulled off my teeshirt and undid my belt and slid my pants to the floor, slipping my shoes off to stand there in my briefs, now rather bulged out. I pulled them down as my cock flopped out straight.

"Oh, I knew it would be bigger. This is nice, Noah, is this as big as you get?"

I looked down and told her, "No, it gets bigger when, well, then someone excites it."

She looked me right in the eyes and asked, "Does it get excited when it gets sucked?"

"Yeah, real excited."

She knelt down and wet her lips and slid them over the head of my dick and down the shaft to begin sucking, all the while, smiling up at me.

She had one hand on my cock holding it but she let go and began unbuttoning her blouse. Then her hands went back to undo her bra without ever missing a suck on my cock.

Nicole was about five-four, nice and trim, a brunette with a ponytail, and her skin was tan all over, maybe Italian or Greek or something.

Her breasts were full and round and upright, each one tipped with a small dark nipple. Her head moved back, then she stood up to take my cock in her hand holding it from beneath as she said, "This was what I wanted to see when we were in the art room, Noah, your beautiful, hard cock. God, it's beautiful. Would you fuck me with it?" she asked as she pulled off her shorts and panties.

She went to the bed as I, rather astonished at what was happening, told her I'd love to fuck her with it and she pulled the covers off and got down on the bed, spreading her legs wide and I got up to kneel between them.

I figured I was going to lick and tongue that nice, pink, bare pussy first as I got down and began lapping at her wet slit.

"Oh, Noah, I'm already so hot from watching you naked, just come here and fuck me, fuck me hard," she said as she pulled me up over her and widened herself open and I pushed into her.

"This is what I've wanted ever since you came out from behind the screen all nice and naked with that beautiful cock. Now it's fucking me, just what I wanted all that time. Did you see me rubbing my pussy while you stood naked in front of us?"

"I guess I didn't."

"You had me so hot, then when you stretched and almost poked me in the face with it, I just wanted to open my mouth and suck it right in."

"I think that might not go over with the instructor, Nicole," I told her kiddingly.

"Oh, don't I know it. But I sure wanted to suck it hard right then. But, I decided to give you my number so we could fuck. Was it a good idea?"

"The best, this is wonderful, you are such a sexy girl."

"I love being sexy with you, Noah, especially after I sat there looking at your nice, soft cock, all the time wanting it in my mouth to make it so hard. I love sucking a soft one, feeling it grow in my mouth, there's nothing hotter. Mmm, fuck me good, Noah, god, I never knew an art class could make me so horny."

"I'm not sure how I'll be able to keep it soft when I come to model on Thursday when you're there. Not after this, it's going to be hard...I mean difficult," I laughed.

"Well, I promise not to make it hard," she snickered as she gripped my shoulders and rolled me over on my back and began squat-fucking me straight up and down.

"Mmm, I just wanted to be on top, I just want to be in control this first time," she told me as her tight pussy rose and fell on my happy cock.

She began pushing down hard on me every time she lowered herself and was twisting and pressing, rotating her hips, as I felt the tip end of my cock rubbing way up inside her. Then she would rise up again, take a few short up and down strokes, then back down hard again. Oh, she could fuck.

Then she rose up over me, holding steady with my cock almost falling out of her, asking me to just fuck her fast as she squatted up over me.

I began taking short thrusts up into her pussy, actually coming out of her each time I went back down, then re-entering her, parting her labia each time. There was no way I could hold back from how good that felt and I began cumming and she pushed down over me, taking me deep as she swiveled back and forth until she got off as well.

She lay over me, panting out of breath, saying, "That was...just what...I wanted...Noah...your nice, hard...cock."

She didn't move off me, she just lay there for a minute, then started fucking me again until we both had second orgasms.

We lay there together, happy and content as she asked me, "So, I'll see you naked again on Thursday?"

"Yeah, I guess you'll see me a little different, though. I'm thinking of shaving under my arms and around my cock. The instructor mentioned it, so I thought I'd do it."

"Want me to do it? I can shave you right now, I used to shave my boyfriend all the time, it's fun."

I told her that would be great and we went in her bathroom and she shaved me under my arms and then knelt down in front of me with her shave gel and razor.

"Mmm, first, it's so pretty I just have to suck it for a minute, it's a little soft, I told you how I love sucking cocks when they're soft," she said as she slid her mouth over me.

I leaned back on the edge of the sink as she gave me head. Then, when she got my cock good and hard, she lifted off and put some shaving gel on her hand and spread it around in my pubic hair and began razoring off my pubes nice and clean.

She wiped me off with a towel and went back to sucking me again as I stood there being so wonderfully pleasured.

I left fully drained of my semen and went home happily to study and sleep peacefully until morning.

Chapter 2

On Thursday, I was at the Art Center and stepping from behind the screen precisely at two o'clock to begin posing once again. I tried to avoid looking at Nicole but, of course, that wan't entirely possible. But even seeing her didn't cause my cock to react, thank goodness.

So, I went through my second hour of posing for the class and as I was leaving the building, a girl walked over to me.

"Excuse me, you were in my art class just now?"

"Oh, yes," I told her.

"I'm Chloe Krieger, and I'd like to ask you something."

"Sure, I'm Noah Taylor, nice to meet you."

"Um, I was wondering if you do any, like, private modeling? Like you do for class but for private sessions?"

"I haven't but I've really just started doing this, I've never really modeled before."

"Do you think you would? There's four of us in the class that would like to do more drawing of you if you would? We'd pay you forty dollars an hour?"

Like most college students, the money would be most welcome so I told her I was interested and she asked if I could pose for them on Saturday afternoon at one. I agreed and she wrote down an address which was a house that they all rented together.

I showed up right at one and Chloe answered the door and let me in. We went down the hall to the den and there were three other girls.

"Noah, this is Masami, she's from Osaka, that's Nora, she's from Cincinnati, and that's Carrie from Philadelphia."

I'd seen them all in the art class, of course, and they all said hello.

"Are you ready?" I asked and Chloe said they were so I took my clothes off and she had me take a pose.

After a minute to two, she asked, "Um, we were kind of wondering if you could take some different poses for us?"

"Sure, like what?"

"Could you, like, make yourself hard?" Chloe asked.

She really did say that.

"You mean my penis?" I asked and they all laughed nervously.

"It's something that we want to draw and, well, we know we can't do it in class. I've got you some lube, here," she said, handing me a small bottle of clear gel.

"Yeah, okay," I said and dribbled a little on my cock which was, of course, on the rise, and began.

No wonder, I thought, she wanted a private session, I was sure this would never, ever be allowed in class but, well, look, I'd already had sex with one of the girls in the class and here I was stroking my cock for four more.

"When you get it really hard, you can take your pose so we can draw you, okay?" Chloe asked and I agreed and took a few more strokes and re-posed.

"Oh, that's what I've been wanting, oh, look," Masami said as they all began sketching away.

This went on for about ten more minutes, I needed to take a stroke or two every so often to keep good and hard and then Chloe said I should take a break so I did a few stretches and sat on the chair in the middle of them.

"Don't let it get soft, Noah. I can help if you want," said Carrie, a short blond, quite cute, who was sitting near me. I kind of turned in my seat toward her and she reached over and took my cock to begin stroking me while I sat there.

"Well, we should start again. Did Carrie do her job?" Chloe asked and when she let go for me to stand, she added, "Oh, she did, she did, indeed."

I took the pose again and things went on as expected until the next break.

As I was sitting there, Chloe asked, "We'd really like to do one of you ejaculating. Do you think you could do that for us?"

I wasn't sure how much this was modeling for art rather than doing a CFNM sex performance for these college girls but, well, look, maybe you wouldn't do it (yeah, sure) but I nodded my head and put on some more lube and began giving them what they wanted.

So, I arched my back and went at it until I felt my cock get all tingly, then I told them I was ready.

"Look, look," Nora cried out as my cum shot out.

"God, that's so hot," said Masami and Carrie added, "He shot so much, more than my old boyfriend," and everyone laughed. If you think that I got soft and floppy, think again, I was still hard as ever.

"Maybe after that, you should take a break," Chloe told me so I sat down.

Masami leaned over and whispered in my ear, "Could you come with me to my room after this?"

I told her I could and I was soon taking up another pose.

"Are you as hard as you can get, Noah? I can help if you're not," Chloe asked.

Even if I was, I pretty much knew that was an offer I should take so I told her I could use a little help. She squatted down in front of me, opened her mouth and took me in and sucked as she led my hand down into her shirt. She was bare and her breasts were nice and firm. Her magic worked well and I was soon at my maximum as they sketched away.

Soon, my hour was up and Chloe gave me the money and the girls began cleaning up and packing away their equipment as I got dressed. They each left except for Masami and I followed her to her room.

She put her things down, turned to me and said, "I am some shy around American men but you are very beautiful in your body. I want to have you see my body and hope you will like it for sex."

She began unbuttoning her blouse and slipped it off her arms. She was braless and her breasts were perfect. They were small, now know she's B-cup, just barely, but they were perfectly-formed with dark red nipples that were beautiful.

"I am not big like some American girls, I hope you like them," she said as her hands cupped them underneath. Then, she undid her pants and pulled them off, standing there in just her panties.

She was stunning. Her skin looked tanned all over and her body was trim and petite but definitely curvy. She pulled down her panties and stepped out of them and let me look at her.

"You like me, Noah, you like me to have sex?"

"Oh, Masami, I think you're so beautiful, you're just perfect. I know many names in Japanese have a meaning to them, does your name, Masami, have a meaning?"

"It means 'beautiful child' to Japanese people."

"To me it means the beautiful child has become a beautiful woman," I said as I took off the last of my clothes.

"You like to have girls on top of you? I do what you like most if you want?"

"I want you to do what you want, Masami."

"You lay down on bed, I give you happy time," she said sweetly and she got up standing over me and began to squat down, reaching under to hold me straight up, wiping my cock head along her moist pussy lips, then pressing down wiggling around taking me inside.

My hands went right to her firm, hard boobs as my fingers rolled her stiff little nipples while she eased up and down on me over and over.

"I wanted this when you came to model the first time with us. I don't know many guys here and become lonely for sex. You like Masami, I making you feel good, Noah?"

"Oh, you're making me feel wonderful, Masami, this is so good. You're so beautiful and really sexy, too."

"I know I am sexy to Japanese boys, they all want sex with me. But, you like me, too, Noah? You liking sex with me? You have sex with Japanese girls before?"

"No, you're the first Japanese girl, Masami, but I think you're perfect. The perfect girl, just beautiful."

"I know how to make you happy with sex, my mother teach me all she knows and I learn completely from her."

"You're sure making me happy right now, Masami, I'm gonna cum in a minute. Are you protected?"

"Oh, yes, I take pill now. In Japan, not easy to get but here in college, in USA, easy, very easy. So, your sperm is protected from making me pregnant."

She explained just in time because I shoved up hard into her as I felt myself let go, my cum spurting up into her, as she began going faster to get herself off.
