 When I was growing up, I used to watch the reruns of "Gilligan's Island" and thought how improbable the whole plot was. How could you get stranded on a mysterious island with two beautiful women – the glamorous and vampy Ginger and the cute and wholesome Mary Ann – and not make a move on either one. 

As a young man with raging hormones, my lewd fantasies were always focused on what I would do to a fox like Ginger if given the opportunity. Poor Mary Ann never stood a chance and was given a second thought as I mentally did unspeakable perversities to between Ginger's bodacious tatas and widespread legs. It is ironic how life has a way of throwing you for a loop by presenting the best of both worlds in the most unexpected way. 

With that enigmatic thought, let me start by saying that my name is Don. I'm thirty-six, single, and in my earlier days I was a freelance electronic technology developer – which is a fancy way of saying an "inventor." Early in my career, I stumbled up a means by which to enhance cell battery life and my life changed radically. My discovery and the subsequent ones that I patented resulted in a lot of attention, and I became filthy rich seemingly overnight. 

This newfound independence enabled me to start innovative business ventures and do things I never could do before. However, while meeting and collaborating with new people was interesting, I quickly discovered to take people with a grain of salt particularly when it came to their motives. There were quite a few "friendly collaborators" who were willing to tap into my funds with nothing to show or invest in the long run, and with little regard for me. This was especially true of women; many of whom were just attracted to my wealth and using it and me to get what they wanted. 

At first glance, I fit the geeky smart Asian stereotype with that quirky nerdy personality. I have told, however, that I'm not bad looking Chinese guy (once again with a grain of salt) who is a bit short at five-six but with dark hair and kind brown eyes, I keep myself in relatively good shape due to my love for the great outdoors (surprised, huh?). Unfortunately, my enjoyment of camping, fishing, and hunting didn't provide many social opportunities with members of the opposite sex. Deep down inside, I knew that my life would not be complete without that special woman, but where the heck was she? 

I was in Honolulu on an exploratory business project in ocean-powered energy and after the initial round of talks was conclude, decided to kick back and treat myself to some vacation that was long overdue. I wanted an adventure – out of the ordinary – and knew that I would know it when I saw it. 

As it turned out, I was jogging along the Honolulu waterfront when in a slip in the far corner Kewalo Basin was a forty-foot cruiser just like that in Gilligan's Island. Over the slip entrance was a sign that said, "Leisurely Explore the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands...not for the faint of heart...or those on a tight time schedule." 

I struck up a conversation with the crusty old skipper by the name of Bob who simply said that most the customers that he got were younger millennial groupies who are those looking for a unique sailing adventure and something out of the ordinary. It took a leisurely ten days over the deep blue Pacific Ocean to the seldom-visited Northwestern Hawaiian Islands. Those who signed on board had to be able to get along with others, be into communal life, and cramp quarters on the high seas. However, Bob, promised that the food would be good and the drinks plentiful, and that snorkeling and spearfishing in the pristine waters were unsurpassed. 

When I asked how his charter looked so far, Bob shared that he had a reservation from a bride and groom who wanted a different kind of honeymoon, and their maid of honor. The best man who was supposed to have come along, backed out at the last moment, claiming that he would be seasick the entire sea trip. Bob made it quite clear that he needed four passengers to make the trip worthwhile or he'd have to cancel the journey. Before he could mount a major sales pitch, I simply said to count me in and handed over my credit card much to Bob's visible relief.

Two days later I found myself at the berth with a duffle bag in hand. I had sent back the rest of my luggage to my office with a note that I would be out of touch for the next two weeks on a much-needed vacation. I didn't know what to expect but figured that who knows, maybe this vacation would put me on the right track as to what was missing from my life. 

Besides Bob, there were four other people with whom I'd be sharing the ten days and possibly longer with. Jim was the first mate and only other ship hand on board. I later discovered that Jim was Bob's eldest son and despite Bob's bluster, he was the one that made things happen with clock-like efficiency. A rangy six-feet-two, with weathered skin, Jim was a man of the sea and was everywhere at the same time, planning for what needed to be done, and taking care of what might happen. 

Julie and Kyle were the bride and groom. Both were about five-ten, blond, blue-eyed, with Kyle bordering on the chubby side and Julie on the voluptuous side. Seemingly joined at the hip, they were forever touching and kissing each other as if just waiting to jump back into bed. 

Kyle thanked me profusely for stepping up when Rob, his best man, who bailed at the last minute. Oozing with newly-wed desire, Julie quickly purred that they had planned this nature expedition for years and that she had even corralled her best friend and bridesmaid, Lexis, into coming along on this once in a lifetime adventure. Then after calling Lexis over for introductions, the newlyweds heeded the urges of their loins and disappeared below decks.

"God, those two can't even wait until we set sail..." Turning to the source of the poignant comment, I beheld my Mary Ann – an Asian one - but one who was subtly attractive in a natural kind of way. In her early thirties, Lexis stood at five-feet-three with thick long ebony hair flowing to below her shoulders which were nicely tanned. She had sparkling almond-shaped eye, high cheekbones, a shapely nose, and sensuous mouth that now was set in an amused smirk at her friends' romantic antics. 

"Honestly, Julie twisted my arm to be her 'security blanket'...who quickly got kicked off and forgotten when she's too hot...when she became a bitch-in-heat."

While I listened to Lexis' spot-on comments, I couldn't help but check out this down-to-earth Mary Ann. The first thing that struck me was that Lexis didn't go out of her way to flaunt her understated attractiveness. Casually dressed in cutoff shorts and a midriff halter top, I found myself admiring her shapely legs, the curve of hips and tight buns, and her golden-brown taunt stomach. When she casually bent to pick up her overnight bags, my lecherous eyes were riveted to the sway and jiggle of her modest but perky breasts and the noticeable nipple bumps in her top's thin material. 

"Hello, Earth to Don! Dude, didn't anyone tell you that my eyes are in my head...not on my chest," Lexis jokingly chided as she saw me immediately blush. 

Taken with her refreshing straightforwardness, I stutter a hasty apology which she casually brushed it off. "Think nothing of it. I don't have as much as other women when it came to boobs, buns, or legs, so I appreciate your attention." Then the seemingly innocent Lexis looked over her shoulder as she boarded the cruiser, and teasingly murmured, "If you like what you've seen so far, you should see what happens to my nipples when I get turned on." I knew right then and there that this had the markings of the life's adventure that I had been seeking.

The leg to the Northwestern Islands was relaxing and enjoyable. During the day, dolphins and flying fish frequently were seen to the delight of most. Julie and Kyle indulged in conjugal bliss and monopolized the cabin, surfacing only occasionally to show us that they were still alive, grab a bite to eat, and then a quick drink before disappearing below deck. 

Lexis and I took trolling from aft deck to pass the time and delighting in whatever we hooked a fish. When we weren't fishing, we lounged on the foredeck and talk about life in general at first, and then ultimately about ourselves. When I disclosed to Lexis my invention and my business ventures, I was intrigued that she wasn't taken with the obvious wealth. The reason why was that Lexis was a successful writer and after much cajoling I got her to admit her well-known pen name and that she wrote extremely popular women's romantic novels. 

"Like Harlequin novels...soft-core female pornography," I gasped in flash of false shock as I lounged next to her in a lazy afternoon sun. "How sinfully naughty. I would have never thought of it. And all this time, I thought you were a 'nice' girl...like 'the girl next door' type. Hmmm...like they say, you can't tell a book by its cover." When Lexis groaned at my trite pun, I continued, "By the way, do draw your inspiration from a vivid imagination...or from practical experience?"

To this, Lexis innocently kissed me on the cheek and muttered in a sultry tone of voice, "I'm Korean, and we Korean women are known for our spicy temperament. It must be all that kimchee (spicy pickled cabbage) that we eat – but – Korean women are emotional to the point of being – demanding and lusty." 

Of course, after she said this, Lexis burst out in uncontrollable laughter at the stunned look that must of have been on my face. Simply put, I was thoroughly perplexed if she was fooling with me in a good-natured way, or shamelessly flirting, or just plain telling the truth. 

Lexis smiled demurely at my gasp and as she placed her hand to her chest to break the spell she cast on me, softly said, "I'm glad to see that I still have such an effect on you." Following her laughing eyes, I became acutely aware of the huge erection that had sprouted in my baggy swimming trucks. We ended up laughing our heads off at the absurdity of the situation as Lexis quipped that at least she knew how to get a 'rise' out of me.

The Northern Hawaiian Islands were spectacular and pristine. While Julie and Kyle ventured out occasionally as if to show us that they were still alive, Lexis and I spent the fleeting days snorkeling and marveling in the underwater life. For me, the most intriguing sight of all was that of Lexis in a wet string bikini that clung to her like wet tissue paper, her highlighted protruding nipples, and the camel-toe at the juncture of her inner thighs. How I managed to suppress to urge to do some mermaid fishing with the fleshy spear of my loins was a wonder to me. Maybe it was because I was thrown off by just how nonchalant and sweet Lexis was about her unintentional but obvious effect on me.

The leg back to Honolulu would have been uneventful if not for a sudden tropical storm that caught and tossed our cruiser. The wind, rain, and especially the waves were terrifying, and we knew that we were in dire straits as the boat was violently tossed. A particularly large wave slammed into us, sending an unexpected cascade of water down the entryway and into the cabin. 

This freaked out Julie who not wanting to be trapped below made the bad move of dashing for the topside. That set into motion a blur of actions – Lexis going after Julie – me going after Lexis – another huge wave – Lexis disappearing overboard – me diving overboard to Lexis – lightning and huge waves – screams and shouts – Jim's clear face as he tossed the life raft to me – me dragging Lexis into the suddenly inflated raft – clinging desperately to each other – and the raft being tossed as the raging tempest and sea surrounded us.

Luck was with us for the next morning as we found our raft high up a narrow sandy beach. We were thoroughly exhausted but alive. As I recovered, I started to take stock of our predicament, starting with Lexis. 

"Hey, Don, I'm okay? What about you?" When I replied that I was alright, Lexis then sighed, "Thanks for saving me, Don. I would have drowned if it wasn't for you. I still don't know how we made it through the night. I owe you big time, dude. But do you have any idea where we were?" 

While I can't be certain, I think we were stranded somewhere on the remote Na Pali Coast of the island of Kauai which is the westernmost island of Hawaii. While it's good that we're on solid ground, it also sucks because the coast is steep and extremely isolated from what I see. Don't get your hopes up because it may take a while before we were found. We'd best make the most of what we have and survive." 

Our number priority was to move to higher ground because high tide would soon return. We hauled the raft with us as we struggled up a steep incline to higher ground. Luck was once again with us as we found a shallow cave underneath a large rocky overhang and that overlooked the strip of beach we had just left. We stood the raft on end to block a portion of the cave entrance, facing its orange fabric pointing to the open sea for any would-be rescuers to see.

"Thank God for Jim's thorough thoughtfulness," I uttered as we did a careful inventory of the raft and the attached supply bag. "From the raft, we've got a knife, compass, flashlight, mirror, first aid kit, and a raft repair kit." Then putting my inventor's mind to work and with Lexis obvious gratitude, I went about using the raft's two oars to brace the raft in place, and then used the sea anchor to helped plugged the gaps in our emergency cave front. 

While I did this, Lexis set out the raft's bailing buckets to collect rainwater we could. She then cut as many ferns as she could and secured a small tarp over the ferns to fashion a primitive bed to soften the rock and soil floor of our makeshift shelter. Then Lexis helped me to inventory the raft's supply bag that had been attached to the raft.

"Oh Jim, I love you," Lexis exclaimed before sighing in relief. "Look, Don! Jim stowed a six-pack of bottled water, two small cans of Spam, three small cans of pork and beans, and what looks like a sealed tin of soda crackers! Aha! And here's a can opener, a small metal pot, four sets of metal utensils, a collapsible Sterno stove with a canister, a box of matches in a waterproof container. Oh my god, he even has a tin of lard, a ball of cord, fish hook and line! Bless his soul 'cuz there are even two thin thermal blankets. Thank you, thank you, Jim! I know I sound silly but you're a hardy guy, Don. These blankets are a godsend when you're wearing a rather skimpy bikini like the one I have on...it ain't much protection of the environment." 

"Ah, shucks," I moaned in mock disappointment. "And here I thought I would be able to ogle the enticing Korean body of yours some more. Curse you, Jim," I said before laughing at our good fortune.

Until today, I don't know why but Lexis, my castaway Mary Ann, gave me a light but appreciative kiss. "Don, I'm sure in the days to come you won't regret saving me." When I looked at her speculatively, Lexis just smiled inscrutably before saying, "I can fish and forage...and am even a decent cook...and if the nights get cold...well... you'll find out." 

After a good round of nervous laughter tinged with unspoken possibilities, we estimated that with the bag's goodies, our chances of survival increased tremendously to four or more days depending on how we managed our supplies. As Lexis had mentioned, we could supplement our meager supplies by foraging and fishing off the shoreline while we looked for running water. We agreed to stay in place while we hoped for a possible hopeful rescue. Until then we resolved to do whatever was necessary to live life one day at a time.

By the time night came, we had gathered as much firewood as possible and managed to get a small smoky fire going to give us some, but not much, heat. In our dimly lit cave, we shared a can of beans and a bottle of water which tasted incredibly delicious in our state of exhaustion and heavy relief.

"Thanks again, Don. I don't know what I would have done without you. At least now I can say that we have a good chance." The faint light of the fire played off Lexis' comely face, making her strangely vulnerable yet innocently attractive as she seemed lost in thought. Then after letting out a deep sigh, she asked, "Why did you do it, Don? Why did you dive in after me? I mean we only met days before..."

"Lexis, I really don't know why I did what I did. I just did it without thinking. At the time, it was the right thing to do. I don't regret it. Plus..." When I hesitated until Lexis urged me to continue. "Well," I said reluctantly, "I couldn't pass up...I just wanted to see...how long and thick... your mouthwatering nipples get...when you get turned on."

Lexis was clearly shocked at my blatant confession, but after a moment, doubled over in laughter. "I was wondering what was taking you so long." With that, my wholesome Korean Mary Ann undid her bikini top and quickly transformed into the vampy Ginger of my wet dreams. 

Her exposed breasts were not overly large, but were full at the bottom and sides, and sloped from the top to give a perky ski-jump look. The tip of each of her spongy perky tits was topped with a delicate puffy areola from which a mouthwatering meaty cylinder of delicious flesh jutted provocatively. 

"Don, I owe you big time," Lexis murmured as she inched closer to me as I sat there paralyzed by the erotic jiggling of her breasts. The kneeling before me, she brazenly presented her enticing boobs and said, "but, I'm shamelessly displaying my titties to you because I want to...and not because I owe you." 

I was simply mesmerized as the objects of my lustful desire were now being brazenly displayed. One moment I was transfixed; the next I was madly sucking one of Lexis's nipples hard and long while rolling and tugging the other meaty tip between my thumb and forefinger. Lexis moaned wantonly as I captured each nipple between my teeth to pull from her heaving chest. When released, her succulent ruby nipples were incredibly long and unbelievably thick. 

There was no seductive pretense when an aroused Lexis attacked me in our little cave, lustfully yanking down my swim shorts with an unabashed carnal hunger. Pulling her long hair to one side so that I could see her face, Lexis grabbed my throbbing erection and proceeded to give me one hell of a blow job, deep-throating me with the practiced ease of a consummate hooker. When I cried I was coming, she sucked madly on me, making it clear that I shouldn't hold back. I exploded in a glorious ejaculation and Lexis went into immediate overdrive, swallowing every drop of spunk that I spewed down her gulping throat. 

"Who needs beans," Lexis purred as her tongue sensuously licked a bit of my cum that had escaped from the corner of her mouth, "when I've got a belly full of your yummy semen. What more could a girl ask for?" 

Lexis' laughing eyes were more than I could take and pulled her to me, stripped her of her bikini bottom to find a smooth hairless twat was just begging to be eaten – and, boy, did I. Like a starved man, I mouthed her puffy pussy lips before letting my rasping tongue plow the length of her pussy slit, lapping up her free-flowing pussy juices. The tip of my rasping tongue polished her stiff clitoris causing Lexis to jerk wildly and whimper senselessly. 

However, when my finger shot into and frigged the hell out her gushing twat, Lexis shook uncontrollably as the pressure of between her splayed legs rapidly built. Suddenly, a massive orgasm consumed my Korean lover, causing her to thrash and buck madly in violent convulsions. Yanking my head from between her inner thighs, Lexis kissed me with raw passion and her legs entwined and locked around mine to feverishly grind her sopping-wet vulva against my quickly rejuvenating penis. 
