 It was just another typical night at the bar with my buddies. None of us was having exceptional luck with the ladies lately, so this was becoming an all too regular occasion. We were just sitting around shooting the shit with each other, when my luck started to turn around.

I was keeping my eyes open for any possibilities when I noticed a stunning beauty walk in the door with a couple of other girls following closely behind.

The stunning beauty was a girl I worked with named Gina. She and I had always gotten along well, and had become as close as co-workers can be. Our relationship to this point had always stayed in the office. I hoped that was about to change. You see, I have been nuts about her since the first time I laid eyes on her. I was never sure just what her feelings were for me. We had always gotten along great. There had been many times that I sensed stronger feelings in her, but I never had the courage to find out.


Our eyes met from across the bar and she smiled and waved and came right over to where we were sitting. She gave me a big hug and a kiss on the cheek and seemed excited to see me. She had no idea how excited I was to see her. I introduced my friends to her, and she did the same to me. Her friends were all very attractive, but I barely noticed them.

Gina looked incredible. She was wearing a tight-fitting tank top, an even tighter short skirt, and black sandals. Gina is about 5'5", average weight, with full C cup breasts,a beautiful soft, round ass, killer legs, and the cutest feet you could imagine. I'm not a foot person at all, but they always jump out at me. 

Things were going great. The two of us were having a great conversation about who knows what, I certainly can't remember. She was eating everything I said up. She kept touching me on the arm and leg. She was sending me every signal in the book.

Normally I'm a very laid back person when it comes to girls. I'm never forward. In fact, I'm downright shy and nervous. This time though, I knew what I had to do. I'd been jerking off fantasizing about this chick for a year. Here she is flirting her ass off with me. I can't blow this by acting like a pussy.

Fuck it, I said to myself. I asked her if she had driven or if one of her friends had. Thankfully she said one of her friends had driven. This was it, the moment of truth.

"Well then what do you say we get out of here?", I asked. Even as I was saying the words I couldn't believe it. What I could believe even less was when she replied, "Let's go."

I couldn't move fast enough. We quickly said goodbye to our friends. I wished mine luck finding a ride home. I grabbed her hand and led her out the door. My hands had to be covered with sweat, but she was a good sport and didn't even mention it.

We got in my car and I floored the thing. Gina spent the ride roaming my body with her hands, and nibbling at my neck and earlobe. I don't know how I kept myself from blowing my load in my pants.

We got to my place and jumped out of the car. My front door was barely closed before we attacked each other. We started kissing like crazy, until she backed away and said, "Hold on there tiger!"

"Oh fuck", I thought. I knew this was too good to be true. I was shocked by what she said next.

"I've been waiting for this for a long time. Let's savor every minute of it." With that, I grabbed her hand and led her into my bedroom. 

We fell onto the bed together, tangled up and kissing as passionately as humanly possible. Now I was dying to nail her, but I was actually enjoying the romance of it all.

I rolled over on top of her and removed her tank top exposing her lacy black bra. Even encased in the bra, her tits looked spectacular. She then giggled and ripped off my shirt.

After what seemed like a lifetime of mauling her tits through the bra, I reached down and took off her skirt. She had on the hottest little black thong. I rolled her over onto her back so I could get a look at that ass. What a sight it was. I gave it a little squeeze and went back to kissing her. 

It was time to get a look at those gorgeous tits I've dreamed about. I reached behind her and unsnapped her bra freeing them. They were even better than I imagined. They were definitely a full C, and she had the cutest little nipples I've ever seen. I kissed my way down to her tits and went to town sucking on her nipples. She was squirming and moaning the whole time. While I was concentrating on her nipples, she wrapped her legs around me and pulled off my pants with her feet.

She had herself a good little laugh, as unfortunately I had worn an old pair of my tighty whiteys, since I had been on an unbelievable dry streak, and didn't figure on getting lucky this evening. I quickly interrupted her laugh by shoving my tongue back in her mouth. 

I then deftly slid my hand down her body until I reached her moist panties. They were soaked. I gently rubbed her nub with my thumb, as I caressed her lips with my fingers. She was moaning like crazy, and started to push my head down her body. I kissed my way down her neck to her beautiful boobs again, then down to her sexy stomach. Her stomach is incredibly sexy. It's not too tight, but not big. Just soft and inviting. I spent some time playing with her belly button, then kissed my way lower. I skipped over her pussy though, and continued down her legs. I knew the anticipation had to be killing her, but I wanted to enjoy every inch of her body. I continued down her legs until I reached her feet. I then did something I had never done before. I started sucking her toes. I'm normally not attracted to feet, but I'd been looking at those beautiful things for so long that I needed to experience them.

Gina was eating this up. I guess girls really do like having their toes sucked. I decieded that I'd spent enough time on them and needed to get ahold of that pussy. I kissed my way back up her legs until I reached that hot little thong of hers. I spent some time eating her pussy through her panties, then decided that they had to go.

I hooked my thumbs under the waistband and slowly pulled them down. There's nothing like the way panties stick to a wet pussy when you pull them down. Her pussy was exquisite. Now I like a pussy with a little hair on it, and hers didn't let me down. She had a neatly trimmed thatch of brown hair that I needed to taste. 

I dove my tongue into her tasting her sweetness. Her aroma was intoxicating. I was in heaven. I was darting my tongue in and out of her and savoring every moment. Gina was writhing and squirming under me all the while. The next thing I knew, she starting moaning louder and louder until a wave of wetness covered my lips as she screamed out in excitement. I still couldn't believe this was actually happening!

She reached down and grabbed my head by my hair pulling my face up to hers. She then slid her hand down and removed my briefs, exposing my hardness. She gave it a few tugs, then starting rubbing it up and down her moist lips. 

She pulled her head back and asked if I was ready. "You're fucking right I am", I exclaimed. With that she thrust her hips up into me and I entered her. Her pussy was soaked and made a huge slurping noise as I thrust in and out of her. Gina was a great fuck. Her pussy felt incredible. She wrapped her luscious legs around me and grabbed hold of my ass, pushing me in and out of her.

Then she rolled me over and began to ride me. I opened my eyes to see her tits bouncing up and down. She looked fucking incredible. I reached up and grabbed them one last time as I thrust into her and came like it had been months. She let out a scream and collapsed on top of me. 

We laid there entangled in each other like we would never see each other again. Gina got up, showered and came back and fell asleep in my arms, naked. 

We woke up the next morning, trying to take in what had happened. Neither of us had known the other's feelings, but now we had spent an incredible evening fucking like animals, and neither of us could be happier.