 "High Gina, its Kent." I recognized her voice the moment she said hello. She was Amy's beautiful, buxomly roommate. 

I had met her a couple of times when I dropped by to pick up Amy. The two were almost direct opposites. Amy was a small, petite, kind of skinny blond while Gina was a tall, dark haired, olive skinned beauty.

"May I speak to Amy?" I kind of hoped she wasn't in, so that I could talk to Gina for while.

"Kent, I've got some bad news for you. You know, when you met Amy, she had just broken up with her boyfriend, Mark. Well, Wednesday, Mark called, begged her forgiveness, and asked her to marry him. She packed an overnight bag and went off with him. I haven't seen her since."

"Oh, I see." The dejection in my voice wasn't so much for the loss of Amy but rather because it was Friday and I didn't have any other plans for the weekend. After my ten-day schedule on the cruise ship, I had three days off and was looking for some R and R, which I hope included sex, before I had to report back on Monday morning.

Her voice was full of compassion when she said, "Don't take it so hard, if you just want to hang out, I could use some company."

"That sounds good, how about dinner at the Outback?" Things were definitely looking up.

"Thanks, but I have been at the gym all afternoon and I'm not quite up to it. But, I'll tell you what, pick up a pizza and a nice Italian wine, and we can watch television or something."

Or something! You bet your ass "or something," but I said, very politely, "Thank you very much, that sounds lovely. What do you like on your pizza?"

"Extra cheese and pepperoni."

"You're on. See you shortly."

The moment I hung up the phone, I called the local pizza parlor and placed the order. I told them it was a rush job and I would be there in ten minutes. I had already dressed for an evening with Amy so I left immediately. I made a quick stop at the booze store, picked up a two-liter bottle of Chianti, the pizza and was ringing Gina's bell exactly 22 minutes later.

She answered the door barefoot. She was dressed in what looked like men's pajama bottoms and a sleeveless blouse. She smelled fresh and clean. I guessed she hadn't been out of the shower long because she was drying her hair with a towel. She said, "My, you are quick. I hadn't expected you for another half hour or so. Come on in and make yourself at home."

I deposited the wine and pizza on the dining table and said, "Boy, you smell good." When I added, "Good enough to eat," she gave me a funny little sideways look but didn't say anything. 

We chatted aimlessly while we ate the pizza and drank the wine. We talked about my job on the cruise ship and her job as an oral hygienist. She told me she had an unusually hard workout in the gym this afternoon and had a muscle spasm in her back.

When I said, "I can massage that out for you," I got the same funny little sideways look she had given me earlier.

"Are you kidding, what do you know about massage?"

"Who's kidding? I went to school to learn to be a masseur." It wasn't a complete lie. I had two weeks of massage school before they caught me doing some extracurricular work on one of the female instructors and expelled both of us.

"Okay big boy, you're on. Give me a minute or two to get ready, then come into the bedroom."

I could see her unbuttoning her blouse as she limped away. I wasn't sure what to expect when I rapped on the door two minutes later, but I was pleasantly surprised to see her lying tummy down, completely nude except for a towel which was strategically placed across her buttocks. Her face was turned towards me and her arms were at her sides, hiding her breasts.

"There's some body lotion on the night stand." She was turning her head away from me when she said, "Now get to work, and don't miss anything."

I got to work and I didn't plan to miss anything.

I started at her neck and upper back and found that many of the techniques I learned in my very short stint in massage therapy class returned. My fingers firmly but gently rubbed the lotion into the taut muscles of her neck and shoulders. I could feel the tenseness dissolve under the caress of my hands. 

"MMM," she whispered. "Amy was right, you do have big soft hands."

"Oh, what else did Amy tell you about me?"

"Never mind, I'll tell you later. Just keep doing what you're doing now."

I kept doing it. One at a time, I massaged her arms, feeling the tension melt away. Slowly, I moved down her back with special attention to the muscles alongside her spine. When I got to the small of her back she said, "Oh yes, that feels good, that's the part that hurts."

I could feel the heat generated by the sore muscles. I pushed the towel down slightly and began to gently rub the lotion into the affected area. Every movement I made caused her to grunt and groan a little. 

"Oh my God, you are good." With that, she grabbed the towel and threw it across the room. "Now don't forget, EVERYTHING!"

I wanted to do everything, but I was had a disadvantage. I was fully clothed, with the beginning of an enormous erection.

I said, "It's a bit stuffy in here, do you mind if I get comfortable too?"

She turned her head back towards me and, with an impish smile, said, "I think you should," then turned her head away again.

I quickly stripped, leaving only my boxer shorts on. 

I couldn't take my eyes off of her creamy buttocks. My hands felt like they were sliding over silk as I applied a generous portion of lotion to them and commenced to rub it in. From the sounds of her sighs, she appreciated it too. Then I remembered a little trick I learned from my massage instructor and moved down to her upper thighs, alternating between that area and her soft, luscious, buns. Slowly and gently I worked my way toward the inside of her legs. It had desired effect and she spread them slightly. When my fingers casually brushed against her anus there was a sudden intake of breath and I could feel the muscles in her buns tighten. She didn't protest at all, in fact she opened her legs a little wider. I now had access to the area that I like to think of as "The Nest of Happiness." She appeared to be enjoying everything so much that I didn't want to stop quite yet. Now, I let my fingers casually brush against the lips of her pussy. The reaction was the same as when I touched her anus, a sharp intake of breath and a definite clinching in the muscles of her buttocks. There was also a soft sigh and a whispered, "Ohhh yesss!"

She opened her legs wider and gave me complete access to her pussy, which was, by now, oozing moisture. I caressed it for a few more moments, my fingers sliding in and out of the slit before she rolled over and said, "Oh my God, I can't take it anymore, fuck me now!"

I know I should have followed her instructions but I wanted her experience with me to be complete, so I buried my face in her pussy. The moment my tongue touched her clitoris she captured my head in her legs and held me like a vise. She began to moan, first a low growl, then as I continued my relentless attack on her love button it began to build in crescendo and pitch until she was almost shrieking. Just when I thought the neighbors might call the cops, she grabbed my head with her hands and held my mouth so tight against her pussy I was having trouble breathing. Her ass was high off the bed and every a muscle in her body was tight as a bowstring. She muttered a couple of minor grunts then collapsed, her head flopping from side to side. Each time my tongue touched her pussy she twitched a little.

When she finally caught her breath, she said, "Oh my God, I've never had it that good, and Amy was right, you do have a talented tongue."

"What else did Amy tell you about me?"

"Don't worry, it was a lot but it was all good. Now, let's see if the rest of it is true. Take off your shorts and fuck me." 

I did, and God, she was good! In the straight missionary position with her legs wrapped around my buttocks I fucked her. She seemed to like it the best when I supported my weight on my arms and looked down into her eyes while slowly sliding my cock in and out of her pussy. She had at least one more climax while we were fucking. There may have been more, but I was so lost in the rapture of the moment that I was not sure of anything outside my own realm of consciousness. When I finally came she held me in place with her legs and I could feel the muscles in her pussy, contracting then relaxing, milking the cum out of me. When I finally collapsed on top of her, she pushed me off to one side. We just lay there, gasping for breath, my spent cock rapidly softening inside of her.

I think I fell asleep, but I did feel her get out of bed. Minutes later I felt a warm, soft, cloth wiping the remnants of our love making from my dick. I just lay there, my eyes closed, enjoying the feeling. The next thing I knew, a warm soft mouth replaced the washcloth. My flaccid cock was flaccid no longer. With a very few movements of her soft lips around the head and a few flicks of her tongue up the bottom of the shaft she had me ready for action again. I pulled her body around into the 69 position so that she was kneeling on either side of my face and her pussy was right there for the tasting. She continued to suck me and her mouth was like velvet as it slid up and down my cock.

At some point, she stopped, raised her head, pushed her pussy hard against my mouth and had another organism, gushing more of her sweet liquid all over my face. She was able to compose herself and return to the job at hand. She resumed sucking and in just a few minutes I was able to reciprocate and fill her mouth with my cum. I couldn't believe it, I had climaxed twice within a period of 15 to 20 minutes and she had done it at least three or perhaps four times.

She moved around and laid alongside of me in the bed, snuggling into my arms. "Amy said you were good in bed, but she didn't say you were that good."

"You two must have had quite a conversation about me. What else did she say?"

Her head was in the crook of my arms and her hand was idly toying with my now very soft and very spent pecker when she said, "Amy said you had remarkable staying power and could fuck all night. It is that true?"

"Usually, but I don't know what happened tonight. You make me cum quicker than anyone I ever met."

"Yeah, I know what you mean, same here. You're not through yet are you?"

I chuckled and said, "I hope not, but I may need a few minutes to get my strength back."

She got out of bed, stood over me and said, "Well, roll over on your tummy and let me do to you what you did to me."

I did and she did. She stole a couple of pages from my playbook and when she touched my brown spot I almost jumped out of the bed. The part I like the best was when her hand went between my legs and softly caressed my balls from behind. I rose up just a little and she was able to expand her caressing to the base of my cock, which was instinctively preparing itself for more of what it enjoyed most.

"Okay, roll over and let me see if you are ready."

I rolled over and her soft hands continued to caress my body with special attention to my dick, which, to my surprise, was once again fully staffed. 

She looked down at it and smiled. "I think it's ripe and ready for use." She climbed onto the bed, straddled my legs and slowly lowered herself onto my newly erected pole. Now it was her turn to look down at me while her tight pussy did it’s magic on my tender, but appreciative, cock. She slowly rocked back and forth, rising until there was a danger that I would fall out of the warmest, softest nest I had ever found. At the crucial apex of her motion she slowly and carefully lowered herself all the way down until she was nestled tight against me. In this position she wiggled enough to bring her clitoris in direct contact with the shaft of my cock. While at the bottom of the stroke, she once again did the little trick with her internal muscles, milking me until I was on the verge of cuming. Then, she would stop and start the exercise all over again. Twice during the half-hour or so that we were at this, she stopped, took a few deep breaths, and I think, was very, very close to cumming, I know I was. Finally, she gasped, stiffened, gave a little sigh and, as I had done to her, collapsed on top of me. 

I lay there for a few minutes, my hard dick still inside of her, while she caught her breath, but I wasn't finished. I rolled her off of me and got up. I placed her on her hands and knees on the very edge of the bed. She slowly lowered her face into the mattress until her ass was high in the air, begging for my proud member. I inserted it and began to drive it as deep into her pussy as I could. Time after time I plunged it into her. At one point, I toyed with the idea of pulling it out and sticking it into her asshole but I was enjoying this so much I couldn't bring myself to stop, besides, there would be time enough for that later. 

She had begun to moan again, almost the same as when I was eating her pussy. There was an even increase in pitch, until at the very apex of the sound; she had another orgasm, then another, I think, and perhaps even a third. Knowing that she had done it again was all I needed to push me over the edge and I did too. I doubt that I had 10 drops of cum left in me but the ecstasy of giving them to her was far more pleasure than I could have hoped for. 

I tried to talk to her but her eyes were closed and she was curled into the fetal position. All I could get out of her was gibberish. "Oh yes. Oh my God, I think so. No, I don't think I can do it again. Oh yes I can. My pussy is tender. Don't touch me. I love you. Don't stop. Oh please, put it in me again. I need a drink. Can you cum again? I don't think I can. Hold me. I want to do it again. Keep away from me and let me sleep. Put your hand on my pussy." I held her in my arms until she finally drifted off to sleep, whimpering the meaningless little words and phrases.

The next morning, Amy called. I don't know what was said but Gina wouldn't let me talk to her. I did hear her tell Amy to stay away from the apartment and that she could come by on Monday to pick up her clothes.

Most of Saturday went pretty much like Friday night except, at mid afternoon, we hauled ourselves, gaunt and tired, out for groceries and to go by my place to pick up some clean clothes, [which I never did wear].

We were out for less than an hour.

My Monday morning, it was all I could do to make it back to the ship. Gina was having trouble walking and said that she was going to call in sick.

But, by God, I'll be back in 10 days. I should have regained my strength and stamina by then. I sure hope Gina has. She said she was going to lay in a good stock of food so we wouldn't have to leave the apartment for anything.

Copyright © 04-05-2001 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.

For comments on this story contact me at the link below.