 Gina was my first serious girlfriend in college and the woman who helped me learn to be the sick fucker I am now. When we met she was a good Catholic girl who was waiting until marriage to put out, but that didn't last long. I resisted dating her at first, trying to respect her decision to wait and claiming I was too much of a 'bad boy' for her. In retrospect, I imagine that comment pretty well locked her in.

She was an incredibly beautiful girl, dark haired and slightly voluptuous. She hated that word but it completely fit her. She wasn't fat but her hips were just a little bit generous and her heavy breasts filled my hands nicely. Her waist was slender and high and it gave her a wonderful hourglass figure, so while she wasn't going to grace the cover of Cosmo there wasn't a damn thing wrong with her body. And her face was just stunning. Her wide, perfect smile melted me time and again, and she knew it.  

She actually made the first move on me. I was serious when I told her I wouldn't date her, that I wanted things she wasn't ready to give, but when she forced the issue...well, I'm a boy scout, not a eunuch. She came over one Friday evening, after a basketball game. 

"Can I come in?"

"Of course!" I opened the door wider and let her into my small dorm room. She had been there before and knew how to make herself comfortable. I had a gigantic floor pillow, 4 feet to a side that served as the lounge chair and occasional 'scene of the crime' and she settled down to relax on it. Propped up on her elbows, pushing her sweater-clad tits at me, she fixed me with her best 'come hither' gaze.

"How was the game?"

"Long. Boring. I kept thinking about you." She was an expert seductress, even then as a virgin. Her voice was low and sexy and her large brown eyes bored into me.

"And what were you thinking?"

"I was wondering if you'd give me a backrub." 

"Sure, why not? Lose the sweater." I did respect her desire to wait but that didn't mean I had to be a complete saint with her. She took off the red sweater and set it aside then took off the white turtleneck beneath, exposing her pale flesh and my first look at her bra-shrouded breasts. The sly, sexy grin on her face was easily as sexy as her nearly bare top. She got up and turned around to lie on the pillow, but before she went down on her front she popped the front clasp of her bra and took it off, piling on the other clothes. 

Well, well. I do love a woman who knows what she wants. I decided to call her bet and I settled down to give that backrub, straddling her and essentially sitting on her upper legs and putting my cock right at her back door. It would be a few months before I enjoyed that particular flavor of Gina.

I gave her a long, slow, luxurious backrub, letting my strong hands roam her back, shoulders and arms. Several times I ran my fingers down her sides, brushing the edges of her breasts. She lifted her arms to give me better access and cooed as I caressed her flesh. For most of the event I had a ¾ boner going on and as I leaned forward and back I was grinding it into her ass. She wiggled and shifted a few times and I dearly wished there weren't 2 layers of denim between my cock and her undoubtedly fine little pussy.

"Turn over," I commanded after half an hour. She took my direction quickly as I stood up to let her move and to stretch out my legs. She turned over and presented her pale, pretty tits to me. I took off my own shirt, showing off my then-athletic chest. I would have been on the football team if not for the knees I tore up in high school, so I was a sight to behold back then.

I slowly dropped to her and kissed her for the first time. She was a slow, gentle kisser, using her tongue sparingly and seductively, always seeming to promise more. I pressed my chest into her and she gasped at the contact. I moved a hand to her left breast and held it gently, caressing her flesh as we kissed. It was beautiful, really. I knew it wasn't going any further than this and even though I wanted more I was able to simply enjoy that moment for what it was. Of course I had to push it a little; I let my hand slide down her belly to her pants. I started to rub at her pussy through the denim but she quickly pulled my hand back up to her breast, ending my exploration. At least I knew the boundaries.

Her lips were salty-sweet, soft and wet. Her skin was smooth and soft and eager as she offered herself up to my roaming hands. I splayed my fingers through her hair and kissed her more deeply, truly enjoying this gift of her body. She was the luxury model, built for slow, languid foreplay, and we continued like that for quite a while.

As I would discover, Gina was a glutton for foreplay and would prolong it as much as possible most nights. Occasionally she would have enough fire to get down to business quickly but when the pace was hers to set it would take an hour before I got my cock into her. I was willing to let her have her fill that night as she was positively enchanting. 

I must have spent 20 minutes licking her nipples, sucking them gently between my teeth, sliding my tongue down under the bulk of her heavy tits. Her nipples were very sensitive and a few times she let me know I was being too rough, but I discovered a few things she really enjoyed. I closed my teeth and rubbed her hard nipple across the face of my teeth, giving gentle texture without trauma. She squirmed quite a bit under that treatment, as well as the back of my tongue. The texture drove her wild and I used it over and over. I was wondering if she might be one of those mythical women who can climax without vaginal/clitoral stimulation as she moaned and twitched more and more under my gentle assault on her breasts.

She surprised me then. She took one of my hands and moved it down to her crotch, encouraging me to go where before I had been denied. No problem. She seemed very worked up and I figured it wouldn't take much to finish the job. I rubbed the seam of her Levi's just over her clit and the reaction was instantaneous. As if I had touched off the nitro tanks, she revved up in a hurry. Both her hands held my head to her bosom as I continued to dine on her delicate breasts. In just a few minutes she was bucking wildly under my weight, clutching me tightly to her as the orgasm rolled across her body.

I expected a quick climax and a slow descent, but again she surprised me. Over and over her body spasmed with orgasmic ecstasy while little gasps escaped her lips. I kept rubbing her clit as long as I could but after a while I was starting to worry about her. This seemed almost like some kind of fit or medical condition. I later learned that she simply had a hair trigger when it came to orgasms. She could roll through a long caravan of multiple orgasms for what seemed like hours. To say that this girl gave me sexual confidence is a serious understatement -- I felt like a god with her in my hands.

I let her down slowly, moving my hand from her clit to rub lower down and away from her hot button. She shuddered a few times and seemed to deflate, settling back down on the pillow with an explosive exhalation. She was breathing so hard I was worried about her, so I got up and grabbed a cup from my desk then headed out of the room for the water fountain. I returned with some cold water, relocking the door behind me, to find her just as I had left her. She looked like a rag doll negligently dropped to the floor but her face beamed the most incredibly satisfied smile I had ever seen on a woman at that point.

"Wow," she said between heavy breaths, her naked chest heaving wonderfully.

"No kidding. I thought there was something wrong with you."

"There was nothing wrong with that. Oh, wow..." I sat beside her and let her recover, resting my hand on her shoulder. I wanted to keep touching her but I wanted to let her relax more. I knew this was pretty much over and I didn't want to drag it out. As enjoyable as that had been, I had a raging hard on in my pants that would need attention soon and I figured it would be rude to step out and take care of that just then. In a few minutes she was back in control of herself. She sat up and hugged me, again pressing her lovelies into me.

"How can I ever repay you?" she asked.

Well, nothing ventured, nothing gained.

I kissed her head and disentangled myself from her, then I stood. I'm a big man and I towered over her. I didn't expect this to work but I had to try. I popped the button on my jeans, giving her a moment to object. Her eyes twinkled and she watched as I slowly pulled down the zipper. The look of satisfaction and a bit of exhaustion quickly flowed out of her and the mischievous little sexpot retuned quickly.

I pushed my pants down off my hips and let them fall to the floor. My painfully erect cock strained at the fabric of my boxers, announcing its size in no uncertain terms.

"Holy shit!" she said quietly. She reached out to touch it through the fabric, caressing it with her fingertips as if to confirm its dimensions. I won't lie, it's a damn nice cock and it is rarely met with anything less than serious enthusiasm. Just then it was as big as it would ever get, completely engorged and very, very needy. I pulled my boxers down until the waistband held down the end of my dick, most of its length exposed.

"Do you know what to do with one of these?" I asked. Her eyes were wide as saucers but her mouth held a sly grin, showing that she did indeed know how that apparatus was to be handled.

She picked up her purse from the corner in which it landed and took out a small bottle of lotion before returning to her previous position. She pulled my boxers the rest of the way down, my cock flipping up and almost hitting her in the face. She settled in on her knees in front of me and pulled my cock down a bit by the head, then poured the cold lotion on the shaft. I shuddered at the cold but in moments her warm hand was working it in and making everything very, very right.

She moved her hand up and down the slick length of my cock with confidence and that sly, sexy smile on her angelic face. Her eyes flowed over my member, only rarely flashing up to look at me. When she did look up, it was through her long lashes and with the most lurid and sexy of expressions. She was a performance artist and a cock was her preferred canvas. Over the coming months I would be a truly fortunate man.

After a few minutes of 'performance,' she got down to business. With both hands she wrapped my prick in her flesh, gripping firmly and jacking me off with an eye toward the prize. She had no idea what kind of prize she was going to get. I let her do her thing and tried to will the orgasm to come quicker. Honestly, after all that foreplay I didn't have far to go. I had rarely been this excited by foreplay and a hand job, but she looked so damn good! My legs stiffened up as the lovely creature at my feet pulled me nearer and nearer my explosion.

"Here it comes!" I warned through clenched teeth, hoping perhaps she would wrap those lush, full lips around the head to accept the coming flood. Alas, she merely changed to a one-handed grip and held the other in front to 'catch' it. I laughed and knocked her hand away, taking it into my own hands.

"Honey, you have no idea..." I managed to say before the first gout exploded from my loins. I come heavy -- very heavy -- and the combination of her elongated foreplay and the fact that I hadn't had much action in the past few weeks guaranteed an orgasm for the record books.

The ropy white ejaculate slashed across her heavy tits as I aimed it low. It landed with an audible 'splat,' accompanied by a squeal of surprise from Gina. I gripped hard and tried to keep the next shot low but it got away from me a little. Nearly as strong as the first, it caught her from nose to nipple and it clung to her delicate flesh like white mud.

Retreating from my onslaught she fell back and onto the giant pillow, but I was far from over. I knelt down over her and sprayed the third round from my heavy balls, again coating her beautiful tits. I went down further and touched my cock to her tit as I continued to jack off, sending more and more jizz streaming over her flesh and pooling around her chest. The feeling of her cum-coated skin was heavenly and the sight was terribly raunchy. She was a mess, covered, slathered in my copious seed.

Eventually the contractions eased and my full load was released. I pushed my spent cock around her chest, poking and prodding the slurry of sperm around her big tits. She shuddered as I rubbed the head across her lubricated nipple. It was my turn to wear the sly grin.

"Damn!" she breathed, wiping the spunk from her cheek. She examined it on her fingers, playing with it as I played with her.

Thus was born Gina's fascination with my sperm. Rarely did 48 hours pass that I didn't unload another explosion all over her face and tits. It didn't take her long to gather the courage to taste it, then to swallow it, and later to actually wrap her mouth around my cock. She was a quick study and her moratorium on premarital sex flew out the window a month or so later. I have so many stories about that girl...