 This is the first of a three chapter series. For continuity, it’s best to first read GINNY REMEMBERS DADDY and GINNY LAYS HER CLAIM. Just click on my name and go to the link. As always, your votes and feedback are much appreciated. 

My steamy relationship with Ginny, my future daughter-in-law, was now a month old. True to her word, she’d surprised me on several occasions by jumping my bones at almost any time and place. Whether we were searching for an odd piece of furniture in my attic, for example, or watching a late summer meteor shower under cover of darkness with the rest of the family nearby, I could always depend on the ingenious Ginny to challenge my libido in an imaginative way…either with a quick blow job or frantic, stand-up fuck. Then on Sunday, with my unsuspecting wife, Lee, and her son Mike – Ginny’s fiance -- at the house for lunch, she announced a crazy plan. She wanted to produce an ice skating show.

A number of parents of Ginny’s skating students – some of them quite well-heeled – had asked her to showcase their kids in a one-time production to show off their talents. Though a former professional skater, she didn’t know the full magnitude of the undertaking. But, with typical 20- year-old exuberance she’d tentatively agreed to do it, as long as the parents would underwrite the show financially. 

I was flabbergasted. As an avocation I’d produced, directed, and performed in stage productions for 20 years, knowing all that was involved. In this case – among many other things – it’d include selecting and recording music, the lighting design, setting up and breaking down all the equipment, and rehearsing the kids who ranged in age from eight to eighteen. Ginny had agreed to prepare the show in only one month’s time! Rolling my eyes, I looked at Lee who, with a rapid shake of her head, soundlessly prevented me from telling Ginny she was insane. Instead, I explained the many elements of the production, which Ginny absorbed like a sponge. Always one to spoil her children, Lee then volunteered my help…as a 21st birthday present to Ginny. Mike just grinned boyishly, blissfully ignorant of all aspects, though secretly relieved, I’m sure, that he was off the hook. 

“When can we start?” Ginny asked.

“Hmmp, yesterday!” I scoffed, irritated, since no one had asked if I’d even have the time to do what was needed. Then, realizing I’d been unwillingly committed, I grumbled, “Right now, I guess.”

“I’ll call Carol. She said she’d help me,” said Ginny, going to the phone. Carol was Ginny’s oldest and best friend since they’d been toddlers. She’d also skated professionally but had gotten married at the same time Ginny had joined the Ice Capades for her one-year national tour. I’d never met her.

“Uh-oh,” Mike said. “Her old man, Dusty, won’t like that. Carol’s pregnant and he likes her to stay at home.” Dusty was one of Mike’s motorcycling buddies. Ginny just waved off Mike’s interjection.

While Ginny was on the phone I helped Lee clear the dishes and, at the sink, quietly reproached her for getting me into this demanding situation. I warned her that there’d be many late nights, and that my otherwise sunny disposition might suffer. I returned to the table. 

“Carol’ll be here in an hour,” Ginny said, then stepped behind me as I sat and started massaging my tense neck and shoulders. Smiling, she bubbled, “Relax, old man, it’ll be fu-u-un,” trying to be playful for Lee and Mike’s benefit. 

Lee then excused herself to do the week’s food shopping and Mike, seeing an opportunity to be a flake, said, “Well, I’ll head over to Dusty’s. Maybe we can ride our bikes this afternoon. Call me if you need a lift, Gin.”

The minute the front door closed behind Lee and her son, Ginny’s massage traveled south. Her small, strong hands kneaded my pecs, then moved down my torso to my crotch. I was fully erect in less than a minute. Leaning over the back of the chair in which I was sitting, she whispered hotly into my ear, “I’m gonna suck your big cock now, JJ,” and unzipped me. 

“Lock the door first,” I growled, shifting the chair sideways.     

My mood improved immediately. Looking down at the little blonde vixen as she came back to kneel between my legs, I warmed first to her clear, ivory complexion and angular facial structure. Ginny’s thick, blonde hair was drawn back in a ponytail and accented her upward-slanted dark brown eyes with their hint of blue shadow. The trademark dozen freckles atop her thin, straight nose quickened my pulse and I brought her face up to me with both hands and kissed her soft, wide, pink lips. Her tongue pierced my mouth with an aggressive stab or two and she jerked my exposed prick a few times. “You love it, don’t you,” she exclaimed gruffly, grinning, then proceeded to lick lavishly up and down my engorged dick. 

My previous tension melted as Ginny took me quickly into her wet mouth. I inched forward on the chair so my scrotum hung over the edge of the seat and she pulled my erect member down on an angle so she could throat me. She was wearing a sleeveless, navy blue, sailor-type culotte jumpsuit with white trim that clung to her muscular little body and stopped below the knee to show her succulent, ivory calves and ankles. She was barefoot, and so cute that I longed to spend myself obscenely all over her in that outfit. But of course I hesitated.

This time Ginny played me like a very familiar musical instrument. She kept her lips open and pushed her mouth onto me so that only the head of my cock made contact with her throat, except for her wet tongue laving the bottom. In. Out. In. Out. In. Out. The disciplined, silken tissue of her gullet rubbed my glans, rushing waves of exciting throbs from the tips of my toes to my swollen balls. Her smiling eyes never left my face as she devoted herself solely to my pleasure. Yet I wanted to participate. I reached down to her perky breasts and -- delighted at their braless firmness -- gently caressed the hot nipples through the thin material until they became hard to the touch. She moaned quietly and closed her eyes for a moment, shivering. She’d wrapped her slippery mouth around my entire pole by this time and begun fully worshipping me orally.

After a few minutes of my quiet groaning, she jumped to her feet suddenly and grabbed my hand. “I’ve gotta have you inside me, JJ!” she gasped. By the time we reached the TV room she was nearly out of her jumpsuit. Her high, taut, 34-B breasts bounced their nipples to the ceiling as she wriggled out of the garment and her white bikini panties -- festooned with little blue laughing bunnies -- drawing them quickly off her stupendous skater’s legs. I’d dropped my pants and boxers to sit on the couch and, hurriedly, she straddled my legs -- walking on her knees – to poise her pussy at the zenith of my erect cock. Reaching down to grasp me at the same instant that I did, we both placed my rod in her sopping opening and in a flash were one…thrusting up and down, in and out, both hungering for the flaming orgasm that we’d by now experienced so often with one another.        

“Oooo, God, JJ, you’re such a good fuck…such a…good…fuck…good…fuck,” Ginny murmured haltingly in my ear as I pistoned into her and softly sucked and bit one nipple, then the other. I slid out to the edge of the cushion and placed my hands on her buttocks to repeatedly push her down fully onto my cock, after which she pulled herself off me time after time with her hands on my shoulders. “Ohh, JJ, ohhh, JJ, yeah…God, yeah…ooo, God, fuck me…ooo, yeah,” she encouraged. She was amazingly wet, her sweet excretions running down my cock and balls as we mated. She also smelled especially rich this day. I inhaled the musky stench wafting from her cunt while licking her nipples and drawing each tit into my mouth with a subtle pressure. 

I reached down to Ginny’s cunt from behind a couple of times and grabbed a glob of her nectar, quickly sucking my fingers clean. I then spread her inner lips, putting two fingers in her pussy alongside my rampant cock, and she began rapidly hunching her mound forward and backward against my lower belly to massage her clit. She was getting close, and she knew that I knew it. Our month-long series of trysts had acquainted us both with one another’s carnal habits as well as talents. The muscle relaxants her doctor had prescribed made her less tense inside than before, yet she’d become expert at flexing her firm, internal muscles voluntarily as she lovingly milked my rod. We’d become very adept at timing our climaxes as well. At this moment I thought I’d wait until she started to cum, then cum with her…ending a thoroughly satisfying quickie.

Then I changed my mind. She began plunging fully onto me and dragging her mound up my belly on each up stroke. Adding to her pleasure, I pulled one hand around to her soaking pubis and began strumming her clit with a thumb. She cried “Ahhhg,” then began a furious pumping that brought her quickly to orgasm, grunting all the while. “Yeah…yeah…yeah…ooo, yeah…nnngh, nnngh, nnngh, mmmnn, mmmnn, mmmnn, oohh,” she mouthed. And when her repeatedly clasping vagina stopped its spasming, she went limp, kissed me and whined, beseechingly, “Mmmnn…ooohh…baby…you didn’t…cum. Why not?”

“’Cuz I want to do it this way,” I said roughly, sliding out from under her, turning her around and standing before her with my dark red cock head expanding and contracting with each heartbeat.

“Oooh…yeah, oooh, give it all to me, sweetie,” Ginny crooned, thrusting her velvety mouth onto my juice-covered staff and hollowing her cheeks as she sucked back-and-forth a dozen times. 

That’s all it took. I grunted “Nnnggaah, aagh, aagh, mmm, nnngh,” and blew a good five shots into her mouth and throat. As I did so, she pulled my hips to her face to stick her nose in my pubic fur, wrapped her pink lips tightly around the base of my shaft – humming as she did so -- and lightly vacuumed my balls empty of their viscous liquid. 

I collapsed next to her, my flagging dong flicking a few drops of cum on her arm as I sat, breathing heavily. She nuzzled my chest and whispered, “Carol’s due any minute, baby. I’ve gotta get dressed. Are you in a better mood?”

What could I say?

“By the way,” Ginny quickly confessed, “I told her about us.”

“What?” I gasped. “Jesus, Ginny, that’s poison! What if she tells someone?” I questioned in a paranoid flash. 

“Stop worrying, JJ,” she soothed. “We’ve been best buds since we were babies, and know more about each other than you can believe. She doesn’t really approve, but I know all the problems she has with her marriage – the kind I’m not gonna have -- so we’re like secret sisters. Remember? I told you about her before.”

Remembering the lunch conversation about the wordless hand signals that she and Carol used, I was still fearful of possible repercussions now that our affair was known by one of Ginny’s friends…in addition to my office-neighbor, Erica.

We were sponged off and dressed when the doorbell rang. I answered it, introduced myself to Carol at the door, and invited her in. She shook my hand formally, mumbled hello and, without a smile, brushed past me to meet Ginny in a familiar hug as we went into the TV room. I swear that the room still reeked of our recently finished fucking.  

Carol and Ginny sat on one of the couches, with Ginny tucking one of her voluptuous legs under her as she spoke animatedly to her friend. I sat stiffly in a facing club chair. She explained to Carol that I was experienced as a producer/director and had just agreed to help them do the show an hour before. She admitted that it had taken some convincing – then made a curious sign with her hands, placing one finger of one hand between two on the other for a second – and, giggling, finished her sentence as Carol grasped the hidden meaning. Carol didn’t giggle with her, or even smile. Instead, she breathed in deeply, straightened up to emphasize her already commendable posture, and silently looked at me very coldly.

Carol didn’t look pregnant. Must be in the first trimester, I thought. She was in several respects an opposite of Ginny. Fairly long and tall, over 5’8”, she still had the hard, well-developed torso of a skater, but also possessed a very pleasing set of breasts that stood high on her frame, probably a 36-C. Her high necked, collar-less brown silk blouse was covered by an oyster-colored, fisherman-knit cardigan sweater that extended over her hips, obscuring whatever swelling might be due to her pregnancy. Her form-fitting tan cotton skirt came to the knees of her heavily- muscled skater’s legs. Her complexion had a very smooth, blemish-less, cast; in fact, it looked as if she spent more than a little time in the sun. I’d not glimpsed her bottom as she came through the door, but imagined it to be as appetizing as the rest. Wearing only a hint of cream shadow above her eyes, her shoulder-length dark brown hair, brows and lashes complemented her brown eyes perfectly. She had strong, straight facial features with a firm, long jaw, prominent chin and a broad, full-lipped mouth with dark lipstick that peeled back – even when relaxed – to reveal perfect white teeth, contrasting stunningly with her coloring. What a shame she doesn’t smile, I thought, absently. Emerging from my sensuous daydream, I realized that Ginny was asking me a question.

“Where do we go from here, JJ?” Ginny asked. “I call him JJ,” Ginny confided to Carol as a conspiratorial aside.

“Oh,” I said, recovering. “Well, let’s start with a list of sequential production tasks, assign bodies, uhh…people to them, then come up with a budget tied to each task.” Grabbing a large pad of newsprint from the closet and some colored felt pens, I put them on the coffee table and asked if the ladies wanted some refreshment. Ginny brought sodas for them and a white wine for me. 

An hour later we’d finished drafting the production tasks and Lee had returned from shopping. Carol was very pleasant to her, almost effusive in her thanks for interrupting our Sunday afternoon. Lee then retired to the backyard to do some gardening. 

Our meeting was productive. Aside from a few contract players, most of the work would be done by Ginny, Carol, and me. Carol would be the floor manager, handling the performers, etc.; Ginny’d be artistic manager; I’d be the technical director and straw boss, assuring schedules be met, and use my company’s photo studio for video and still photographic post-production work. I insisted that both girls be paid an honorarium for their time. I’d donate mine, free, which thawed Carol’s icy attitude a bit. All this helped us produce a budget, which we’d present to the financing parents at a meeting in a couple of days. Enthusiastic Ginny then grabbed the phone book to find the number of the plastic surgeon who was the lead donor. As she placed the long, detailed call from another room, I tried to get Carol to loosen up.  

“I hope we’ll be able to work easily with one another,” I said. “Ginny’s excited about doing this.”

“Look. I’m doing it only for Ginny,” Carol responded, brusquely. “She’s told me about you, and I just want you to know I’m against it. As long as we’re all business, we’ll get along fine. I don’t have to like you…or respect you.”

“Oh-kay,” I said, momentarily humbled. “But, since you’re both rank amateurs, you’re going to have to follow my instructions. Are you free to work on a moment’s notice, regardless of when or how long?” I questioned, seeking her unqualified commitment.

“It’ll take some doing, but I’ll handle it,” she assured me. I assumed she was referring to her husband, Dusty’s, possessiveness.

Ginny returned. “We’re set for Tuesday night at 7:30. Okay?” she beamed.

“Fine,” Carol said as I nodded. “Now I’d better go. Dusty’ll be wondering if I’ve left town.” 

“I think he and Mike went motorcycle riding,” Ginny said.

“Oh, great!,” she said, exasperatedly. “All the same, I’d better go. Say goodbye to Lee for me. See you Tuesday, Jay,” she allowed, flouncing out of the room with head high, to exit the front door with a bang.

“Wow. She gives new meaning to the word ‘chilly,’” I said to Ginny.

“Oh, don’t worry about Carol,” she poo-pooed. “She’s just unhappy. Now that she’s pregnant – three months – Dusty doesn’t pay any attention to her. They’re not even having sex!”     I blanched, visibly.

“Watch yourself, JJ,” Ginny warned playfully. “I will be. Besides, I’m kinda glad that Carol’s putting you in your place. Any fool can see she’s a hottie, and I know you too well to trust you, even with my best friend. Now, can you take me home and pick me up Tuesday?”

“Okay. Say g’bye to Lee,” I said, lewdly digging my fingers into her fleshy bottom as I pushed her ahead of me. 

Driving her home, Ginny was ebullient about plans for her show. She couldn’t thank me enough. Though I’d planned to drop her off at her mother’s house and leave quickly, when we arrived Ginny reached over and switched off the engine. “Come in, JJ. Please. Mom’s not home and…and, I need you again,” she murmured. Her pertly cocked head and pleading half-smile did it. I entered the house for the first time with her, noticed the drab décor, and was immediately grabbed by Ginny. “Come into my bedroom,” she hissed. Entering, she started to undress and exhorted, “Quick! Get naked! We only have an hour or so!”

God, she was hot! She stripped to her bikini bunny-panties and loosened her hair to let it tumble to her shoulders. Her upturned breasts thrust themselves at me with little pink nipples already hardened. She looked me in the eye and very slowly drew her little panties down over her fulsome hips, exaggerating each smooth move as the blood began to fill my cock while I disrobed. She brought the panties to her nose and sniffed them deeply, mewling “Mmmmm, smell these,” as she pushed them to my face so I could inhale the fishy smell of her afternoon’s sticky excitement.

Both now nude, we embraced passionately, kissing and pawing at one another as our breathing came faster. She broke from me and grabbed a small tube of lubricating jelly from her dresser drawer and squeezed a dollop onto her finger, placing it behind her on what I assumed was her anus. “Yeah,” she said softly…wantonly. “You know what I want. It’s okay. I said I’d keep myself clean for you.” At that she sat on the edge of her bed and, pulling me to her, wrapped her arms around my butt to smother my rising rod with her mouth. As she worked me to a full erection, I surveyed the room. Here and there were memorabilia from her life: pennants and pom-pons, several skating trophies, a few books, pictures of herself and Mike, one of her mother and dead father. Nothing unique. I wondered how many times Ginny had fucked someone in this room.  

After a few minutes I was again moaning my pleasure and Ginny pulled off to climb on the bed on hands and knees with her ass pointing at me. Wordlessly, she handed me the lube and I squirted some on my cock and her small, innocent-looking pink bud, which caused her to clench her buns slightly due to its coldness. I then played my cock up and down her slick crack, pausing to poke slightly at her hole each time I passed. She’d begun to rub her clit with the two middle fingers of her left hand, bringing forth a generous slurry of juices from her engorged, pink pussy, so appetizingly framed by sparse, platinum-blonde hair. Teasingly, I probed at her asshole, which flared open and pinched closed with each touch, causing her to utter little moans and thrust her butt back at me. I palmed each of her buttocks, digging my fingers into their flesh to feel the striations of the underlying muscles, and with one slow, slick shove, entered her fundament. She shouted loudly, “Ohhhhyeeeaaaaah!” at my intrusion. Two strokes later I was in her to my balls and left my pulsing dick there, relishing in the velvet, grasping heat of her dark inner passage. 
