 It was almost 2am when Gina got home. She tried to handle her keys quietly, so she wouldn't wake her roommate. Although Gina and Vivian had been friends for years, they only recently became roommates when both of them found themselves going through a divorce. After years of strained marriages, both Gina and Vivian sent their youngest kids away to college and filed divorce papers within weeks of each other. Since then they had become even closer friends, and eventually roommates in a two-bedroom cottage they jokingly dubbed "the cougar den."

Despite being in their forties, both Gina and Vivian were confident and beautiful women, and they often attracted the attention of younger men. They both had professional jobs, their own income, and now their own freedom. Gina and Vivian traveled wherever they wanted to go, dressed as sexy as they wanted, and dated anyone they wanted to try. Tonight Gina had been out with Rod, a handsome contractor she had met through her consulting job. He was a single Dad, twice divorced, and a few years younger than Gina. He was six feet tall, with spiky brown hair, wide shoulders and arms well muscled from his daily outdoor work. Although they had little in common, she had felt a sexual chemistry the minute she met him and was intent on pursuing it. Tonight she had done just that.

Gina quietly snuck into the cottage with her auburn hair pulled back into a ponytail, and a trench coat covering her slightly disheveled clothing. She was sporting what she and Vivian called, "that freshly fucked look." 

It was soon obvious that Gina didn't have to worry about keeping quiet. Vivian was still awake. She was sitting in the living room, typing on her laptop and sipping wine. "Hey, you!" she said smiling as she looked up from her work, brushing her blonde bangs from her eyes. "So.... how was it? Tell it all!" Vivian said, finishing off the wine in her glass.

Gina slipped off her coat and walked into the living room where she plopped down beside Vivian on the sofa. "Oh my God... it was like fireworks and earthquakes at the same time!" she said. She poured more wine into Vivian's glass and took a long sip before handing it back to her friend.

Vivian sat the laptop on the floor and grabbed the wine glass, her eyes growing wide as she took in the sight of Gina. Gina's face still had the telltale flush of a recent orgasm, and Vivian could smell the faintest hint of sex rising from Gina's body. Vivian's mind had been so occupied with an annual report deadline that she'd thought of little else the past few days. She actually felt quite tense even after almost an entire bottle of wine. As she sat staring at her friend she forgot all about the damn report, only needing to hear about Gina's adventure with Rod.

Gina closed her eyes and took a deep breath. She had to tell Vivian every last nuance from the evening with Rod, no matter how personal. They always shared the details.

Gina started....

"You know he still has one kid living at home, and she was only away for this one night. We decided to make the most of our time, so we didn't go out for dinner. I picked up some takeout on the way there, and he had a couple of bottles of wine ready so we just did that." 

"Ok, honey, that's sweet," Vivian said, "but you KNOW that is not the part of the story I want to hear. Just skip the part about dinner and a movie!"

Gina laughed and continued....

"Yeah, we pretty much skipped all that too! I walked into his kitchen, and as soon as I got there he had his hands all over me. We barely said hello to each other. Then his hands were reaching inside my coat, rubbing me everywhere at once...over my clothes. And his breath was in my ear. He kept calling me Baby, telling me he wanted to make me feel good, and nibbling on my neck. I felt like a sandwich to a starved man, but you know that shit makes me hot."

Vivian nodded, eyes wide. Yes, she did know that from Gina's previous stories.

"So I just had to get my hands on him. I went right for it, Vivian. I just unzipped his pants and reached for it. Fuck...he was huge. It was throbbing in my hand. He kept twitching if I moved my fingers anywhere on it. I've never been all that turned on by looking at guy's dicks, but Rod's was, well...just beautiful. I tightened my grip, and pulled my hand up and down, and he was just moaning louder and louder. I swear, Vivian he didn't ask me to do it, and I didn't make a conscious decision.... but all of the sudden my mouth was on that beautiful dick. I pushed him down into a kitchen chair, and I got on my knees and started to lick and suck. I let my tongue press against every ridge and vein. I was exploring and slurping like I never did before. I looked up in his eyes, and he already looked like he was going to blow right then."

"He was practically gasping for air, and I just devoured him like a wild woman. He was so hard, and so, so.... responsive. Rod tried to stop me before he came so fast, but I knew he wanted it. He tried to pull me to my feet-- but I didn't let up. I kept bobbing up and down on him, licking and twirling my tongue. I had this need to bring him pleasure. So I did. I still had my coat on and the food was still in a sack on the table, but I was not letting him leave my mouth until he came. And he came, Vivian, it was a lot and it was as sexy as I have ever felt. I had him just pulsing in my mouth like that."

Vivian gasped, imagining her friend on her knees in wanton pleasure, still fully dressed, taking Rod's hard dick into her mouth in his kitchen. "But wait," Vivian protested, " that can't be it! After that he OWED you something in return!"

"Well of course," Gina laughed and continued....

"So he pulled me to my feet and kept telling me thanks, but he still kept rubbing his hands all over me like before. Only now it was more like he was slower and more direct about it. He was stroking between my legs, rubbing my clit through my jeans. Then he unbuttoned my blouse, kind of slow, like he was enjoying a little more skin with every button. After my shirt was open, he reached around and unhooked my bra then pulled off the shirt and bra in one move. Well, he just stood there in the kitchen looking at me, topless me, for a long time. At first I thought he didn't like what he saw, but I know my tits still look pretty damn good.... then he moaned a little and took a nipple in each hand. He was rolling them around between his thumb and finger, pinching just a little but not too hard. I thought my knees were going to buckle."

Suddenly Vivian sat up on the sofa and slipped her tee shirt over her head. She was braless underneath. Gina looked at Vivian's ample bare breasts then her gaze traveled up to Vivian's face. Vivian's eyes were half-closed as she touched her own nipples, rolling them between her thumb and forefinger just as Gina had described. "Was it like this?" Vivian asked.

"Ummm... yes," Gina replied, a little startled by the sight. "But maybe just a little rougher. He was pretty excited."

Vivian shut her eyes and lay back onto the sofa, still twisting her rock-hard nipples. "Go on," she said breathlessly, "don't worry about what I'm doing.... Please.... just tell me more. Tell me every detail."

Gina continued... 

"He took my hand and led me to the bedroom. I was so wet I think he could hear it as we walked those few steps. He sat me down on the bed, and then helped me pull off my jeans and my panties. He took my panties and held them up to his face and sniffed them like it was a flower. When he stood and took off his clothes I was mesmerized. Vivian, the man is gorgeous. He got between my legs on the bed and started kissing me all over. I mean ALL over. My ears and neck -- and you know what that does to me, then my nipples. Well, they were already hard from before so that was like slow torture, but in a good way." 

Gina glanced over at Vivian who was still working her nipples, a little harder now, and biting her lip. One hand had strayed away from her nipple and was starting to gently stroke between her legs.

"He licked all around the outside of my pussy, just nibbling and teasing. It was driving me crazy! He finally got to my pussy.... and barely touched the tip of his tongue to my clit. It was like electricity the way Rod's tongue worked on my clit. I was moaning and humping my hips up and down. I couldn't control it! Then he worked a finger into me, and then another. He kind of curled his fingers up so he was stroking the front of my pussy, I guess where the g-spot is.... at least I think it must have been that spot because it was just about more than I could take! It felt soooo good."

Vivian let out a little moan as the hand between her legs began to work more intently on her clit through her clothing. Vivian then reached into the waist of her shorts, letting her hand slip inside her panties. Her leg jerked as her finger first made contact with her bare clit. 

"So then Rod started making broad and fast licks across my clit. And he kept using his his fingers, too... working their magic on that spot inside my pussy. I was moaning and just about to have a huge orgasm. And then.... he stopped licking me and removed his fingers! Vivian I thought I was going to die! I was begging him not to tease me, saying please don't stop. Please, I need to cum! And you know what he did? He started over, kissing my neck and sucking my nipples. Damn it, that was frustrating!

"I needed to cum so bad. Finally, he got back between my thighs and slowly began to lick my clit again. But it was really broad licks this time, and using just one finger on my g-spot so it built back up slower. It didn't take long though, and I was really getting close again, about to cum... But he stopped again! I was squirming around on the bed just begging him to make me cum. I thought about reaching down and just getting myself off, if I could rub my clit about two seconds I could have cum! Rod said I would get my wish soon, and he laughed a little. Not in a mean way, but I knew that he was enjoying my being so out of control and begging."

"He reached over to the bedside table and pulled out something that looked like a condom but the wrapper was bigger. He opened the packet, and it was a little rubber ring with a vibrator attached to it. He didn't put it on his dick right away. He turned the vibrator on, and just used the vibe to tease my clit. I knew that was it, I would not be able to hold back an orgasm any longer! But he was just barely touching my clit with it! I tried to buck my hips onto that tiny vibrator, but he held it just a little to the side. I was so close, Vivian! I was beginning to moan even louder. So when I was right back at the very edge, Rod stopped again! I think I actually yelped! But then he reached down and slipped the vibrating ring over his hard cock."

"Rod told me before that he could make me wetter than I had ever been in my whole life, and damn, he did! Of course he didn't have any trouble sliding that hard dick in to the hilt. He held it there for a long minute. I felt it sort of throb inside me, just teasing me all the more. Then he fucked me slow and steady. He told me to wrap my legs around him, so I did.... and that little vibrator touched my clit. Well, that was it. I begged him to fuck me hard and make me cum. He did, Vivian, he did! I came so hard on his dick it must have lasted five minutes. Maybe it was more like a chain of orgasms, I don't know, but I never felt anything like that before. Ever. I felt his dick get even harder and just explode inside me, but I don't know what he said or did... or anything at that point. I was in some other world!"

Gina was breathless, remembering Rod's gorgeous dick, how good it felt to be under him, how wet she had been just begging him for one more lick, one more second of vibration.... and that amazing orgasm that shook her to the core. She looked at Vivian, who had now unashamedly stuck both hands down into her shorts, her fingers moving wildly and rubbing and pumping beneath the thin fabric. "Take them off," Gina said. "I want to see what you are doing. Let me see if it's like what Rod did to me."

Vivian didn't open her eyes but removed one hand from inside her shorts to strip them down her body along with her panties, exposing her tanned thighs and nearly bare mound trimmed into a tiny arrow. She was using one hand to hold her lips open so her clit poked out, red and hard. Vivian opened her eyes, looked at Gina and said, "Trust me." Then she got up and wobbled into her bedroom on shaky legs. Gina could see a hint of her moisture glistening on her thighs as Vivian walked in front of her. 

Almost immediately Vivian returned to the living room with two vibrators, a pink and purple one, each about 5" long. She dropped back down on the sofa next to Gina, handing her the pink vibe. "Cum with me, Gina," she said. Gina eagerly took the vibrator from her friend's hand.

Gina didn't waste any time stripping down and switching the pink vibrator to "high" while Vivian began rubbing the purple vibe over her own wet slit. Gina sat on the sofa facing Vivian, her pussy sopping wet again from watching her friend and from reliving her night with Rod. Gina watched Vivian intently and tried to mimic Vivian's movements, sliding the vibe up and down in time with her friend, then dipping it inside her wet and aching pussy when Vivian did the same. Gina's mind wandered to the feeling of Rod pushing his hard cock deep inside her, remembering how intense her need had been.... then her thoughts were interrupted.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Vivian moaned, holding the vibrator directly on her throbbing clit. She buried her face in the sofa cushion as her orgasm swept through her body. She shifted the vibe into her pussy as it contracted in ecstasy. Vivian moaned softly as the waves of pleasure subsided.  "Keep that vibrator in there," Gina said. "You keep it there until I cum too."

"Oh my God," Vivian said out loud. She did as Gina told her, and forcibly held the purple toy in place as she lay on her back, gliding it in deeply and then slightly out but careful to keep it inside. Vivian looked between her widespread legs and watched as her soaked pussy submitted to the continuing vibration. Just past her own throbbing mound, she watched Gina rubbing the pink vibrator rapidly over her clit and another orgasm began to rise from deep within her. "Gina, please, don't stop, I'm going to cum again," she said. 

"Oh, yes! Oh, yes!" Vivian's fingers tapped her hard clit, and she pushed the thick machine deep within her just as the tidal wave hit her body. She groaned again as her pussy consumed it, refusing to let it go. Just then Gina felt the waves of ecstasy overtake her, and she cried out with a long moan, "I'm cumming...."

The pink and the purple vibes fell silent as Vivian and Gina recovered from their orgasms. Their breathing started to slow. They looked at each other and smiled then laughed out loud. "Look at us," Gina said, "it took us a few years to figure it out but damn, we know how to have fun!"

"You know," Vivian replied, "if Rod can get us this hot when he's not even here, maybe we should invite him to the party next time."

To be continued...