 Read Chapters 1-3 for continuity. Ginny's still on vacation, and takes control of her new Polynesian porn star candidate...while practicing at video direction.

*

I rose at dawn, leaving JJ and Luala to sleep, and had a light breakfast. My plan for the day originally had been to do some sightseeing, as well as talk more with Sam and his plans for a career in movies. But, as I thought more about it, I began to work myself into a haughty, bossy mood – affecting a snobbish, bitchy attitude – something to keep alive the young man's stereotype of me as a "high class" white woman. That, I figured, would be a way to control him – to see how he behaved under authority and direction – and might also be a way to stimulate peak physical performance on his part. My sightseeing could be postponed. 

I was excited by the prospect of becoming a video director – even in porno films, given JJ's persuasive suggestions – and I prepared accordingly. I dressed in casual mainland wear – a denim miniskirt and a colorful cropped top with spaghetti straps, without underwear out of habit, and packed my shoulder bag with two video cameras, two digitals, and some feminine articles. This day would be devoted to preparing for future work as a photographer and videographer, as well as for pleasure...exactly the way I wanted it.

"Morning, Ginny," Sam said, as he picked me up in the truck.

"Good morning, Sam. Forgive me if I don't talk much. I'm listening to shortwave news broadcasts from the mainland," I lied, placing headphones over my ears to hear some soothing music from my iPod. As we approached downtown Kolonia, I pulled off the headset and asked, "Is your room clean?"

"Yeah!" he blurted. "I was up mosta the night doin' it! But I thought, first, you wanted to go to the other cultural center 'n' stuff." 

"That'll wait," I muttered. "Lemme see your room."

"Okay," he said, quietly, as we parked in front of the store. "I took the day off, 'cuz...".

"Perfect!" I snapped, cutting him off, slamming the door on the truck and stalking, with my bag, to the door leading up the stairway to his room over the store. I knew that he could see my bare ass as he followed me up to the second floor.

I waited at the top of the stairs until Sam opened the upper door, then I walked in. It was a large, shabby room, but quite neat. There was a king-sized bed in its center, covered by a clean white sheet. Overhead was a large light with an industrial aluminum shade. A small table and shelves along one wall held a single TV set, a DVD player and VCR, and a multi-band radio with an amplifier. Opposite the TV was a shabby old couch with unmistakable pecker tracks shining on it. Against another wall was a sink, a counter with a hotplate, clean, stacked dishes, and – in the corner – an enclosure made of used plywood that was full of holes and gashes, nailed to a few 2x4s, surrounding what I assumed was a bathroom. There were crates of TV equipment in another corner, more sheets of used plywood on edge, and wooden boxes of other stuff. The room, apparently, was also used as storage for the business on the first floor. The whole place smelled of disinfectant, yet there was a large window open to the ocean. Another window on the opposite wall, opening onto the street, invited a fresh cross draft. "Is it clean enough?" Sam asked, nervously, as I snooped around.

"D'you have something to cover that sofa? I'm not sitting down on all that dried cum," I said, critically.

He quickly covered it with another sheet, probably the twin to the fitted one on the bed, then stood, waiting, very anxious to please. "Is that a bathroom?, 'cuz I need to pee," I asked, pointing to the rickety enclosure in the corner. He nodded and I went to use the toilet. It had been scrubbed clean and everything was dusted thoroughly. There were old shelves on the left wall carrying all kinds of supplies, and the perforated right wall. I looked through one of the holes while I was peeing, and saw Sam sitting on the edge of his bed with his head in his hands. 

Exiting the toilet, I said, "Guess I have to wash up in your sink," as I wet my hands and used a paper towel. "Where do you shower?"

"At the college. I clean the locker rooms and the coaches lemme use the facilities."

"You're quite the young deal cutter, aren't you," I said, admiringly, sitting on the sofa. And I'll just bet you nail horny coeds in the girls' locker room, too, I thought, as I crossed my legs. His eyes went immediately to my tanned upper thighs while he still stood facing me. I took a deep breath and exhaled, as my nipples pulled up my cropped top to show my taut, tan tummy, and raised my arms to lay them flat at shoulder height on the back of the sofa. "Now, tell me about your plans for a movie career," I said, uncrossing and re-crossing my legs, teasingly. I was enjoying the glandular torment he was feeling.

"Uuh...can I sit down?" he asked, softly.

I shrugged my shoulders, my arms still flat on the sofa back, and replied, "It's your place." 

He sat on the bed across from me, splitting his loin wrap in front and showing his package, which he immediately covered by turning his knees to the side. Good, I thought, he's intimidated...and I have him right where I want him.

"I wanna get into porn movies," he said. "I've seen hundreds of 'em, an' I know I'm better 'n' a lotta those guys." 

"What makes you think you've got what it takes?" I asked, seriously. "It requires more than just a big dick."

"Well...yesterday you seemed ta like our...ya know...an'...".

"Yesterday didn't happen, Sam. That was just before," I interrupted, using the island colloquialism. "And, if I ever hear about it again – from anyone, or about today, for that matter – you'll never get to the States!" I said this with such sharp conviction that I almost frightened myself. 

"Okay," he said. He'd obviously accepted the fact that I was in charge.

I quoted JJ as I made a speech. "Porn is a tough business, especially for guys. It's not just fucking. Along with doing the video stories, you've gotta stop when the director says so and keep it up while they position you like a contortionist for website stills...sometimes for hours...then cum, repeatedly, when they tell you to. You do all this with twenty or more cast and crew as witnesses, all either waiting for lunch or watching to see if you screw something up."

"I told ya I could pop on demand," he said, gaining some pride.

"Yeah, but how many times?" I inquired, with growing curiosity.

"Mm...maybe five times a day," he said, watching for a reaction.

I was impressed, but didn't give him the satisfaction of knowing it. "Turn on that overhead light while I position the video cameras," I said, bossily. He did so, I set the cameras, then pulled a digital camera from my bag and sat back down. "Now, drop your wrap and let's see your stuff – without touching it – while you're standing there," I said haughtily, stifling a yawn for cruel effect as I rocked my crossed leg up and down in a languid motion.

Sam's wrap whispered to the floor, revealing his cock hanging down halfway to his knees. Though I'd seen and felt it the day before, it – plus his full brown balls – was most impressive. I moistened a bit at the slight loop his dick made at its base before the sheer weight of the thing pulled it slightly off center first toward one thigh, then the other, as he shifted his feet nervously. I snapped a couple of shots. He looked down and giggled embarrassedly, "I'm...uuh...a little nervous." 

"Whatsamatter, Sam, need a little help?" I asked, teasing, uncrossing and re-crossing my legs to flash my pussy at his hot gaze. 

"Gawd, Ginny, yer drivin' me crazy! Yer legs! Yer..., Jeezus!"

"Stay there!" I barked. "We haven't even begun! Is this what you want?" I asked, harshly, and scooted to the edge of the sofa, spreading my legs under my skirt to give him an unimpeded look at my moistening gash. 

"Nngh," he groaned, his thick arm muscles tensing as he balled his fingers into fists. My torture of him was having the desired effect, since his cock began rising slowly as his heart pumped it full of blood. I loved the control I had over him, knowing that I'd reap the rewards of his excitement at the proper time. But that wasn't just yet.

"While you're getting it up, Sam, listen. Even a porno flick has a plot. I'll tell you what this one is. I'm a high class tourist babe walking by on the street, who's being watched by you from your place. To see if you can take direction, take one of my videocams and shoot me walking across the street with my bag. Use that front window there. Then meet me at the downstairs door, and shoot me coming up the stairs as I enter your place. We'll fake the dialogue and ad lib after that. Okay?"

"Nn-kay," he said, his cock now almost erect. I ran my hand over it tauntingly as I sauntered past him.

As I went downstairs and across the street to walk through the shots, I felt a slight twinge of guilt from teasing this boy. At the same time, I figured that JJ would be proud of me and my new directorial manner. For the next several minutes, I lingered across the street, looking in shop windows, and saw Sam in the second-floor window from the corner of my eye, shooting as I crossed the street and knocked at his door. I heard him bounding down the stairs and, as the door opened, I stated for the camera, "I'm looking for Sam's video store. Can you help me?"

Right on cue, he said, "Yes, ma'am. We're closed this morning, but we've got a waiting room up here where you can relax, take a load off your feet, an' watch some movies!"

"Oh, good," I said, reaching under my top to adjust a tit, the nipple of which was being tickled by the material. "Thank you. I'm Miz Jones, by the way," using my stateside sex video name, without thinking.

Sam backed up the stairs ahead of me with the camera live – his cock now fully erect – then stood aside as I strode past, capturing my whole body as my thighs, then my exposed ass and pussy, were captured on camera. I was very impressed by this move, since I hadn't coached him to do it. By the time I reached the second floor, my crotch was wet, not just moist.

"Sit right down, Miz Jones," he said. "My name's Sam." He shut off the camera. "What now, Ginny?" he asked, his prick waving in front of him.

"Put the camera back where it was, focus on the bed, and turn both of them on. This is where we ad lib," I stated, lost as to how to proceed, except for the obvious. In my heated mind, I heard that switch click inside my head again – signaling that I wanted to fuck – and knew that I'd be useless as a director...but pretty good as a porn actress, possibly for the remainder of the day. 

I met him next to the bed, reaching up to wrap both arms around his neck and kiss him. He peeled my top over my head and my knees felt weak, so I kicked my wedgies off as I leaned into his marvelous hands, which pulled at my breasts with slow, milking motions. As my tongue left his mouth and his lips began nibbling at my nipples, he gasped, "Is this whatcha want?"

"Ohh...yeah...but...my bag. Bring it...next to...the bed." I'd packed several things for the day and once my body was on the clean white sheet, I didn't want to move far from it. I unfastened and dropped my skirt as he retrieved my bag. By the time I'd flopped on the bed, beckoning to him with open arms, I'd lost a lot of my bitchiness and was whining shamelessly for him to join me.

He was with me in a flash, his legs and hips between mine. His pulsing cock pressed hotly onto my belly, its tip nearly reaching my sternum. My small hands gripped it, squeezing it hard as if it were a ravenous, invasive animal, and I wanted to feel it deeply inside. I pulled back my legs so that its underside made direct contact with my clit, spreading my outer lips like the proverbial toes of a camel. Then – swapping the positions of our tongues as we sucked at one another's mouth – we lay there and undulated for what seemed like forever...until I came. Sam held me in his iron-like embrace as I shuddered through my first orgasm, moaning, "Oh, yes, Sam, yess, yess, yess...oh, yess." 

"Whatcha want now, Miz Jones?" he asked, now teasing me.

"Sixty-nine!" I groaned, rolling slightly to let him know I wanted to be on top. "I wanna eat some o' this big brown cock!" as he flipped onto his back and my hands moved up and down his prodigious length. 

I hardly noticed the volume of flesh that I was consuming, since – aside from slowly licking each crease beside my pussy – Sam was doing something to my thighs. His large hands were massaging them, one by one, very deeply. This was the obverse of what I called the fluttering "Pohnpeian Touch." His fingertips dug into the muscles developed years before from training, and had, since then, been relatively neglected by hands other than my own. My upper leg muscles seemed to relax for the first time in years...to let go...to transfer their tautness and energy into what now mattered most...my vagina. That part of me soon began its inexorable, fiery ascent to another orgasm...all the while he slowly licked the tender petals of my vulva. 

I was unprepared for my second climax, since I'd taken Sam all the way into my throat. I do remember grinding my clit against his chin and feeling an oncoming rush. But it wasn't until he split my cunt with the full length of his tongue and ground his lip up against my little button that I exploded into a scream, yanking my mouth off his prick to shudder through a series of paroxysms. "Ahhg-ahhg-ahhg-ahhg-ahhg," I uttered, still wringing his cock with my clutching hands. He held my spasming hips until I stopped quivering, then sealed his lips around my opening and sucked at me until I felt nearly dry.

But I wasn't about to stop, or even slow down. I slid downward in one quick motion to straddle his hips, reaching between my legs to place his spongy cock head into my snatch. In one swift downward plunge, I drove the air from my lungs as his rampant cudgel struck my cervix and he cried, "Awww, yeeaah, Miz Jones...fuck me, you sweet...fucking...little whore!"

That's exactly what I did, plunging down onto him until he pierced into my womb, then clasping down hard around his magnificent prick as I slowly pulled up off of him. Grasping his lower legs and filling myself with him, I gasped, "Cum in me, Sam...I wanna feel your heat in me!"

"Gaawwd...yer pussy is...it's eatin' me up! Yer so...so goddam tight! Yer better 'n'...my Mom!" he uttered, mindlessly, as I clutched at him with my trembling inner muscles. His sudden confession surprised me, yet didn't alter my rhythm, nor my resolve, since I wanted to test his "cum on demand" bragging. 

Sam was as good as his word, and helped me over my masturbatory edge, since I'd kept myself on the brink of another climax by diddling myself with my fingers between my legs. What followed was an absolutely amazing simultaneous eruption from our orgasmic peaks. His cock began spasming into me as I flopped backward to his pelvis, and many...many...pulses of his semen splashed into me, which got me off again. I plunged downward and sucked inwardly, repeatedly, wanting to vacuum every fertile seed he had in his youthful balls to my center. "Like tha'...Sam?" I finally questioned, when able to form the words. "You...like...that?"

"Jee-zuss...Jee-zuss," he gasped. 

"Don't even think about stopping," I warned, as I pulled a tube of my favorite strawberry lubricant from my bag. "You've got an insatiable director you've gotta please!" I warned, dropping out of character. The red "record" lights on the cameras showed that they were still documenting our every move as I squeezed a generous dollop of lube onto my fingers. I quickly lubed my anus with the cold goo, pushing much of it inside. 

"Uunngh...uunngh...uunngh," Sam grunted, as he tugged upward on his semi-hard member. The huge head flopped back and forth for several seconds as I watched, yet – miraculously – it began to swell with new blood. I was now on all fours, wagging my greased ass at one of the cameras, with my head no more than a foot away from his hardening cock. Yet I wasn't about to help him with my mouth. I wanted to see if he could do this by himself, so – later – I might show JJ that I'd found a potential recruit. After all, it'd been his idea to go into the porn business. 

"Y'all ready, Sam?" I asked, needlessly, as the young man had jerked his cock to admirable stiffness. By now his copious deposit of semen was running out of me, down my inner thighs, as he positioned himself between my splayed knees like a dog. He was breathing heavily as I felt him slowly ease his glans into my slick anal pucker. He poked at me gently at first, as if testing my resilience, then began a persistent pushing past my gradually loosening sphincter. "Aaaa-aahhh!" I groaned, as the initial pain overcame my bitchy resolve. It felt as if he were inserting a lemon into my ass, causing me to concentrate on relaxing my normally taut muscles. 

I was pleased with Sam's gentleness, as he gasped, "Yer so tight...Miz Jones...don't wanna hurtcha!" as he continued pushing until his prominent coronal ridge popped past my burning asshole. Once inside, though, it was easier to relax, and we alternately gave and received until he'd lodged a few inches into my colon. The entire time my eyes were closed, yet I pictured in my mind the huge meat of this wonderful island stud taking my dark hole. 

"I...it...it's good, Sam...it's...goood!" I mewled. "Just be gentle...and sloooow...okay?"

"Nnnngghh...Miz...I wanna fuck ya hard...so baaaad!" he whined.

"Eeaasy, baby...you're so biiiig!" I whimpered, feeling him dig more deeply into my bowels. "Take a li'l more...then fuck my pussy again. When you're doin' that, squeeze more lube into my ass, then do me there again. I'll tell you...when to stop!"

Sam took direction well, following my every instruction. His strong brown fingers dug into my hips and butt, pulling me slowly back and forth onto his thick rod. I ended up not being able to take him all, yet – while he was deep inside my bowels – we flipped over with him on his back. With my legs spread widely to the ceiling, I then inserted my dildo that I'd retrieved from my bag and masturbated to a climax for the cameras. As I screeched through my orgasm Sam planted an unrequested load of blistering semen deeply into my bowels. As we both came down, he apologized profusely for cumming, confessing that it would never again happen without my request. I was too relaxed to complain.

Sometime after a rest, we had a bite of lunch...finger food he'd gotten from Lulu's bar next door. Not really hungry...for food...I took a bathroom break and wiped myself clean of Sam's semen. It was still early afternoon and, though dying for a shower, I knew that I'd have to postpone one 'til I returned to the village. Sightseeing was out, since I smelled like a whore. So, instead, I decided to plan a big finish. "Sam!" I called from the toilet, and he soon filled the doorway with his large, naked frame. "Could you bring two of those equipment crates in here? The ones about a foot high?" 

He looked confused, yet did what I said. I then went to the main room and reloaded one of the videocams, bringing it into the toilet to set it up on a shelf. "Ya gonna film yerself masturbatin', Ginny?" he asked.

"No. I'm gonna get you with your prick through one of these holes!" I grinned. "We're gonna do a glory hole recording! You have some tape to put around some of these jagged openings? We don't wanta get splinters in that gorgeous cock when you stick it through the plywood!"

In a flash Sam had returned with a roll of duct tape, lining several of the portals in the thin wall with it. I was getting rather excited, since I'd seen a couple of glory hole videos and nothing turned me on more than the idea of anonymous sex...especially when it was viewed by an audience. It was something I'd never before tried, so, since this would be as much of a screen test for me as it was of Sam, I applied some dark makeup around my eyes...and, of course, lots of red gloss on my lips.
