 I've always been big into fitness so when my coworker, Fred, decided to open a karate school, I was the first person to sign up. It helped to complete my already busy schedule full of work, school, and my attempts to keep a dying relationship alive. The girl in question and I had worked together before she had gotten fired for constantly being late, and I had stepped in and helped her out a few times before we started dating.

Eventually it led to us becoming more than just friends and initially things were great. But as with all good things, it came to an end. She had to move back home so we ended up only seeing each other once a week, and when we were together, towards the end, all we did was fight. Things weren't looking so great for us.

Fred and I worked at different stores , so he was bringing a few people from his place into the class who I didn't actually know, including this one rather cute girl.

I knew I had seen her before but could not remember her name for the life of me, so I waited until Fred brought her over to introduce her to me and a few of the others.

"Hey guys, this is Olivia. Olivia this is Jason, Zach", and with a glance in my direction, Fred said, "and this is Ben."

"You can call me Liv," she smiled shyly. All the while I just couldn't keep my eyes off her. She stood about 5'4", at least a C-cup, and had the nicest ass I had ever seen.

After Fred walked away, we all stood around stretching and talking though, if I'm honest, this was more just simply staring on my part. I found out from Olivia that she lived half an hour away and that she would rather be out here than at her house after work because she needed to start getting in shape for the summer. She also told me she was extremely nervous about taking karate because she wasn't very coordinated. Being the nice guy I am, I reassured her that everyone is nervous their first time but eventually she'll get the hang of it.

Having just started class, Olivia did not have the all white uniform everyone else did, instead she was wearing fairly short shorts that hugged the curve of her ass, and a tight t-shirt making it hard not to notice her breasts pushing the shirt out. I tried my best not to look at her all night but it was very difficult to do with someone so attractive standing mere feet away from me.

After class ended, Fred, Jason and I were going to go out for drinks, so naturally we invited Olivia along but she declined, stating, "I have to go see my boyfriend, tell him what he's missing out on by not coming to karate with me."

All I could think of was how she had a boyfriend, making her decidedly off limits, but I guess it was a good thing since I still was with my girlfriend at the time.

Over the next few weeks I got to know Liv better. I found out about her culinary degree, and how she was working on her business degree with the hopes of opening a bakery someday. Who doesn't like a girl with a good head on her shoulders, goals, and the motivation to stay in shape?

One night while I was out with some friends, I got a text from Liv, simply saying, "I need you." 

Slightly confused I replied, "I think this was meant for your boyfriend." Secretly I was hoping it wasn't since I had been lusting after this girl since I had first met her.

"No I mean you, Ben. My boyfriend and I are fighting right now and I need someone to come pick me up and comfort me. I'm lost in the city and kinda hammered."

Sadly I was an hour away from her and was making every excuse in the book not to go to her because I didn't want to make a mess of her relationship for her to have to deal with. Eventually, she managed to find her way back, but I still regretted not driving to her. But that was the start of it all for her and I. Now that I knew she had a thing for me, I had all the confidence I needed to try and get her.

A few more weeks went by, when I got a phone call from her, so naturally I answered it. 

All I could hear through her crying was, "He broke up with me." 

I told her I would be right over, got in my car and drove. When I got there, and she had already gone through two bottles of wine and was still crying hysterically. I carried her up to her bed, and tucked her in since she could barely walk. She begged me to stay with her so I lay on top of the sheets on the edge of the bed so that I could sneak away once she fell asleep.

The next morning I got a text saying, "Thank you for not taking advantage of me being super hammered, you're an amazing guy."

As we continued talking, she revealed that she had had a thing for me since she started taking karate and that it had been so hard to keep her hands to herself whenever she saw me. We set up a time to see each other that night, so I got out of work early and grabbed a couple of things to bring with me for the night.

As I pulled into her driveway, all I could think of was,"Damn, I hope I don't mess this up." 

I walked up to the door, and right as I was about to knock, it opened. Looking her up and down, I saw she was wearing a black tank top with a purple bra with black yoga pants that accentuated her already perfect ass.

"I'm glad you came over," she said with this mischievous grin.

"Anytime, glad you're letting me spend some time with you," I replied.

We made our way to the kitchen where I put down the bottle of wine and the ice cream that I had brought with me. "Figured I might as well replace some of the wine you drank last night, and who doesn't like ice cream?" I said.

The sexual tension was so thick you could cut it with a knife, so I turned towards her and slowly brought my lips down to kiss her firmly but passionately. It felt like I was melting, her lips were so soft. I reached down and around her and pulled her closer to me, pressing us together.

She broke away from the kiss, "I have been waiting for you to do that for so long now, I can't believe you didn't just do it as soon as I opened the door after what I told you yesterday."

"I have some self control, I didn't want to just in case you weren't completely sure about it."

To reaffirm what she wanted, she got up on her tip toes and kissed me hard while clawing at my back, turning me on even more than I already was.

I picked her up while she was still kissing me, and brought her over to the couch. I threw her onto it playfully, and jumped right on top of her, pinning her down with my legs because I remembered her telling me that she liked to be roughed up a little bit.

I grabbed her chin and directed her head towards me, stared deep into her dark brown eyes, and told her, "You are beautiful", which made her beam like I have never seen her smile before, then I leaned down and kissed her again.

Slowly I released my pin on her, all while still kissing her, and started moving my hands down her body, making my way down to her perfect ass. I grabbed onto it, flipping her over on top of me leaving her entire body open for me to grope as much as I wanted.

Eventually I picked her back up, telling her that I wanted to lie in bed with her because, as comfortable as the couch may be, there was so much more room in her bed. She agreed and started to get up, but I pushed her back down, getting between her legs and picking her back up with her straddling me. 

She started yelling that she was too heavy for me to carry all the way up the stairs, to which I told her that she was as light as a feather and brought her up the stairs and gently lay her on the bed. As I did so, I leaned down to kiss her again, this time she had her legs wrapped around my back so I could feel how wet her pussy was, even through my jeans.

I slid my hands up the back of her shirt and undo the clasp of her bra with a snap of my fingers. I stopped kissing her for just a moment to take off her shirt and bra, then start kissing her again the moment they had past her lips. I start kissing down her neck making my way to her breasts and started attacking her nipples. "Be nice to them, they're sensitive" she pouted at me. That was mistake number one, because then I started to really go at them, making her moan and tell me how much she loved her nipples being sucked on.

After a few minutes of that I started to kiss my way down to her yoga pants, which by now have a very dark spot where her pussy was. I moved my hands to her hips and start pulling the pants down as I kissed and licked my way down her body. All I could hear was her heavy breathing as I got closer and closer to her wet pussy lips. Right as her pants came down past her perfectly shaved pussy, I decided I wanted to tease her a bit, so I moved my head to the right just a little bit, making my path of kisses go right past her pussy down her leg. I kept going down her right leg all the way to her ankle and back up. Again, I passed her pussy, up her stomach, stopped at her right nipple for a moment, then back up to her mouth. Just by looking into her eyes, I could see that her lust for me had grown even more and that she was about to take things into her own hands. So I continued on my way back down her, stopping at her left nipple this time, all the way down to her left ankle, and started my way back up.

This time, I decided it was time to stop teasing her, but she stopped me right as my mouth hovered over her wet, little pussy. "So I'm fully naked and you have everything on why?" I looked down and noticed she was right. I did have all my clothes on for some reason!

I quickly stripped, and got back to where I was on her. I spread her toned legs, and kissed my way up her thighs to her pussy, which was leaking her juices by then. I slid my tongue up her slit, tasting her sweet juices, maneuvering my tongue into her tight pussy, going a little bit inside making her gasp from the sudden intrusion of my tongue. I removed my tongue and moved it up towards her clit, sliding slowly over it, which made her jump. I took my right hand off of her leg and slid my middle finger deep inside of her pussy while I flicked my tongue across her clit.

"Oh My God! That feels amazing! How are you doing that with your tongue?" she gasped breathlessly.

I continued to flick her clit with tongue in any direction it would go, occasionally putting my whole mouth around it and sucking it in and flicking it around inside my mouth. Soon after I did this, she wrapped her legs around my head, pulling me deeper in towards her pussy. "I'M CUMMING!!!" she screamed, as I felt her juices start flowing more from her pussy. As she released me from her leg lock, I started tonguing the alphabet on her clit, but she stopped me claiming it wasn't fair to leave my cock hard as a rock after she had gotten off like she did.

She pushed me out from in between her legs which caused me to fall back onto the floor with my cock pointing straight up towards the ceiling. She got in between my legs, and took all of me in, in one go, right down her throat. She expertly sucked my cock almost to the point of me cumming but I made her stop so that I could make her cum more, this time with my cock.

I got her back up on to the bed, spread her legs, and licked her pussy once more even though she was already more than wet enough to take my entire cock. I slid my cock head up and down her slit a few times, saying, "Tell me what you want."

"I want your fat cock to fuck my tight pussy until I cum so hard I can't cum anymore."

And with that statement I slide all 6 inches of my cock into her making her scream out from being filled by me. I'll admit, I'm not hung like a horse, but I know how to use what I have. After a few times in and out of her tight pussy, I spread her legs, and reached down to start rubbing her clit, which was now incredibly sensitive after the treatment I had given it earlier. Almost instantly, she came so hard that she lost her breath. She grabbed my hand away from her clit because she couldn't take another orgasm right away. So I moved her legs up to my shoulders and started sliding deeper into her, making her gasp from the depth I was reaching.

After a few minutes of this, I flipped her over to her hands and knees and buried myself all the way in her. As I pounded myself deep inside her, I grabbed onto her hair and pulled her back into me so that I could grab onto her nipples. She was getting so wet I could see her juices running down her thighs.

I decided it was time to try to get her to really cum hard, so I flipped her back onto her back, slid my cock in and told her to hold on. She asked me "Why? What are you going to do?"

"Just hold onto my neck and you'll see" as I hooked my arms behind her legs.

She grabbed onto my neck I lifted her up, and impaled her on my cock. "Holy shit, what are you doing!" she said as I started to slam her down on my cock. I could feel her pussy muscles contracting around my cock every time I lifted her up, like they were trying to keep me deep inside her.

I laid her back down on the bed because I was starting to feel that familiar feeling in my balls.

"Baby, I'm gonna cum, where do you want it?"

"Right in my pussy. I need to feel you shoot your cum deep inside my pussy!"

After those sexy words left her lips, I felt it traveling up my cock. "Oh yes, I'm gonna cum all over the inside of your pussy!!!"

As the first blast of cum shot into her tight pussy, she screamed out in orgasm just from the feeling of being filled with my hot cum. Shot after shot filled her up, until there was nothing left in my balls, and we just lay there with my cock slowly softening inside her pussy. Eventually I slid slowly out of her, along with some of our mixed juices, but neither of us cared, we were both so worn out.

"Man, that was awesome sex" she said.

"Yeah it was" I said, as I moved next to her on the bed.

"I could definitely use a nap" she whispered, as she curled up next to me, and slowly we both fell asleep after a night of fun filled activities.