 You lay on the bed, watching your two men undress. You are running the fingers of one hand over your lips, the fingers of the other tease your naked thighs. They drop the last of their clothing and stand side by side, their hard cocks pointing at you.

I feel like a kid in a candy store, you think to your self, and giggle. Both men looked concerned, and you watch their cocks droop slightly. You sigh to yourself (fragile male egos..), and move to the end of the bed. You start to touch and tease them, one in each hand. You take one in your mouth, and feel him harden instantly, while you slide your hand up and down the length of the other. He is already rock hard by the time you switch your lips to his cock. You smile, knowing watching you suck the other cock is what excited him so.

You slide back up the satin sheets, lying back, waiting for them to come to you. They move onto the bed, a little too eager to be smooth, and surround you, one on each side. You close your eyes, and enjoy the pure luxury of having four hands sliding over your skin. You can feel the blood throbbing between your thighs, and you know when your nipples harden, because both hands slow in their touches, and slide to your breasts.

You moan as your breasts are teased endlessly. On one side, he cups your breast in his hand, while his other hand flicks and rolls your nipple. On the other side, he pinches your nipple hard enough to make your back arch, as the fingertips of his other hand run up and down your inner thigh. Both of the men drop their mouths to your breasts, almost as if they had a carefully thought out plan. They lick and suck your nipples, and your breathing turns into panting. Both of them have hands sliding up your inner thighs now, stopping just short of your pussy. You spread your legs wide, hoping they are paying attention enough to get the hint.

The hands move up hungerly, one on each side, softly fondling the lips of your pussy. You shiver, encouraging them to be more aggressive in their explorations. You lean over and kiss one of the men, your tongue slipping into his mouth, then lean to the other side, kissing the hot mouth awaiting you there. You cry aloud as two fingers slip inside you, one teasing the walls of your pussy, while the other thrusts in and out. The wet mouth return to your nipples, licking, kissing, sucking. More fingers find your clit and start rubbing, taking turns, the different speeds and textures making you claw the bedsheets. Your orgasm come on you with sudden power, and your hips thrust off the sheets.

When you open your eyes they are laughing and look just short of high-fiving each other. You brush your sweat-slicked hair out of your eyes, and roll to your side, taking one of your men in your mouth. His laughter turns into grunts of pleasure, as you bob your head, taking him into your throat. Your other prey kisses his way down your back, then works between your legs. You feel him start to lick at your clit, and you moan, the sound muffled by the cock in your mouth. He slips two fingers inside you, and slowly pumps them in and out. You bob your head over your partners manhood in time with the fingers, as he runs his fingers through your hair.

He stops fingering you, and grabs your hips, moving you onto all fours. You don't lose a beat, shifting yourself while still working your partner's cock. You start to work your tongue on the underside of his cock, as you feel your other playmates trembling hands start to rub his cock over your pussy. The fact that he wants and needs to be inside you so badly makes your head spin. He runs his swollen head over your entrance, making you shiver, then slowly slips inside you. You cry out around, the sound blunted by the equally hard cock in your mouth. His hand grabs a handful of your hair, and starts guiding your head faster.

The man fucking you takes his time for only a moment. You know he is looking over your shoulder, watching his friends cock slide in and out of your mouth. You can feel him larger and harder inside of you than ever before. He holds the back of your neck with one hand, and starts slamming his hips into you. You give both men free reign with your body as the man your were sucking starts to thrust into your mouth. You feel you entire body tighten, like a coiled spring before the world explodes in color and sensation. You feel your body spasm and buck as the men ride you. Your screams would be enough to worry the neighbors if they were not muffled by the thick cock in your mouth. You feel him attempting to holding your hips steady as you drum your feet on the bed. Your mouth is filled with salty-sweet cum as he explodes, and you swallow reflexively to keep from drowning. Moments later you feel your other partner explode inside your pussy, hips still slamming hard into your ass.

You collapse to your now sticky sheets, shivering as waves of pleasure still wash over you. The man that fucked you lies at the foot of your bed, his chest working hard. You lick the last tastes of your other playmate from your lips as he sits against your headboard, eyes closed and covered in sweat.

Damnit, you think, I've broken my toys.

You lounge on your bed for a time, talking of mundane things, enjoying the perfume of sex in the air. In time you begin to tease their cocks again with your fingertips, while grinding your pelvis into the bed. It takes you seconds to get them both hard again, and touching you all over. You straddle your oral partner, and slowly slide onto his cock. You start to move up and down, teasingly, watching your other partner over your shoulder, through a veil of hair. He lies there, stroking his cock, enjoying your show. Your lover starts to squeeze your breasts, and suck your nipples. You moan, and start to ride him harder. Soon the steady slap of flesh on flesh fills the room, combined with his groans, and your soft cries.

Your other lover soon moves close, kissing your neck and back. Your mouth mashes onto his, and the kiss makes your body spasm on its own. He slowly stands, and guides his cock to your bouncing mouth. You slow your frantic bouncing enough to slide your lips up and down his cock, staring up into his face. You try to maintain your self-control, but you feel the pressure building inside, and you pull back, working your hips as hard as you can. Your hand blurs on your other playmate's cock as your arch your back and allow your orgasm to explode. The man under you lifts you from the bed as he thrusts his hips to meet you. His moans form a rhythm to the waves inside you. You feel the hot splash of your other play partner cumming on your breasts, and you cry out to him. The man under you gives one last moan, and you feel like you are flying as you ride the waves of his hips. You feel him pumping inside you, and you dig your nails into the flesh of his shoulders.

At last he falls back to the bed, and you arch your back until you are nearly lying on his legs. You run your hands over your skin, rubbing in your sweat and his juices until your skin glows. You slowly dismount from him, shaking, and collapse between them. You start to doze off, feeling their hands resting on your bare flesh.