 I was sitting alone on a chair on the stage of the strip club when the eight dancers made their way to the stage. All of them were wearing sexy outfits, from dresses to lingerie. The first dancer moved seductively around me while she slowly removed a short spandex dress that was barely long enough to cover her pussy and tits at the same time. She wiggled and swayed in front of me as she uncovered her firm tits first, and then pushed the dress down until she was clad in nothing but her spike heels. She slowly undressed me while the second dancer undid her outfit, pulling strings one at a time to slowly expose her huge tits and trimmed blond bush. The first dancer knelt between my legs and sucked my dick into her mouth as a third dancer stepped to the center and slowly pulled off her lace bra and then slid her thong panty off, hanging it over my head so I could easily smell the strong scent of her arousal. The first dancer kept at my hard dick making me groan as the forth dancer moved into place in front of me, undoing each button on her bustier, slowly exposing her bare skin before letting it slide off, her tits swinging and swaying as she bent over to pull her panties down. She spread her legs and stuffed her fingers into her pussy, noisly shoving them in and out in front of my face. She was pulled away by yet another dancer, this one in a long lacy dress, that she slowly let slide from her body. She was covered head to toe in a fishnet body stocking, her hard nipples poking through the mesh as she pushed one into my face. The first dancer pulled her head from my dick, and turned around, settling her ass over my lap as she bent until she could hold her ankles. She slowly pushed her pussy over my raging hardon, working it up and down my rigid shaft.

"Isn't that against the rules?" I asked

"I won't tell if you don't." she whispered as she slowly stroked up and down my shaft, yet another stripper pulling off a long satin dress, exposing her freckled skin and red bush. The final stripper was working on taking off her thong panty, the only thing she was wearing, when I groaned deeply and began pumping gallons of cum deep into the pussy of the stripper that screamed out and had a huge orgasm of her own in time with mine.

It took my mind several seconds to realize that the dream was not totally a dream. My groggy mind cleared and saw the set of firm tits hanging in front of me in the dark, while the body impaled on my dick shuddered and moaned. Slowly she lowered herself down to me, her tits pressing their hard nipples against my chest

"Did I wake you?" she whispered. "I tried not to." She finished, following it with a tender kiss.

"What time is it?" I asked after she broke the kiss.

"a bit past two.. I couldn't sleep and I thought..."

"That this would help?" I whispered back.

"Uh huh." She cooed as she lay her head on my shoulder and stretched her legs out so that she was laying with her legs outside mine, but otherwise in full contact with her skin. My hands had found her firm ass and I gently stroked her while the two of us fell asleep.

I woke up to the sound of birds chirping and slowly came around. The sun was just starting to break over the tree tops and sneak some of its brilliant rays between the branches and across my tent in uneven patches. I wiped my eyes and tried to clear the strange dream from my head. The day before had been a wild situation, and I figured that contributed to the strange dream. How often do you dream of dreaming while having sex? That was a new one on me, but the subconscious did a lot of weird things. I had kicked off the sheet from my bedroll in the night and was laying completely exposed. I reached down and scratched around my morning woody, pulling my fingers to my nose and smelling the wetness there. It absolutely smelled like pussy. I sat up in the tent and tried to clear my head and make sense of the mixed signals my brain was sending me. I was sure I was dreaming, but the pair of tiny white panties I saw in the corner by the door told me that I wasn't. I did have a late night visitor. The question was, who? I would kind of like to know, but at the same time I'd just as soon not advertise the fact that I had a visitor. Based on the moisture on my leg, she hadn't been gone that long. All I had to do was find out who the panties belonged to.

I unzipped my tent flap and crawled out, pulling my shorts with me. I stepped around the tent and walked a short ways into the woods to take a leak, not bothering to put my shorts on yet. No point until I was done peeing anyway. I had just finished and was getting ready to step into my shorts when I heard a voice.

"Don't put those on because of me." Sue said as she walked up behind me. She was wearing the same long shirt she had on the previous day, which I presumed to be her pj's. 

"Sue isn't it?" I asked as she stepped past me, taking hold of my shorts and pulling them gently away from me.

"Yes." She said simply. "I'm awful sorry about the way you got treated yesterday."

"Well, things happen." I said as she stepped a few feet from me and pulled her shirt up to her waist and squatted down. She closed her eyes a minute while she peed, the stream disappearing into the dry ground almost as fast as it hit. The position gave me a clear view of her completely shaved pussy, which I had to admit started my dick to harden all over again. "Anyway." She continued after she peed but was still squatting down. "I'm sorry you got treated that way. I was kind of looking forward to seeing what a dick that big felt like."

"It's not all that big." I said.

She stood up and stepped over to me. "It's a lot bigger than my husband." She said quietly as she reached out and wrapped her hand around the expanding shaft. "Quite a bit bigger." She practically whispered.

"aren't you worried about cheating on him?"

"Not really." She said stroking my dick gently. "He had fun with one of the secretaries at work so he doesn't have any room to complain." She continued stroking and squeezing my dick, making it harder. "It really is so much bigger. I would really have liked to have this in me just once." She said finally holding my shorts out to me and letting go of my dick. She started to step past me and I put my arm out and pulled her back.

"it means that much to you?"

"Yes." She said looking up at me.

"Ok. Come with me." I said taking her hand and walking off into the bushes a bit farther. I stopped and turned around to face her and lifted her shirt up over her head. She was a bit rounder than most of the others, probably about one thirty or so, but nearly a foot shorter than me. She had nice firm tits that must have been a good 34 C. I knelt down in front of her and pulled her toward me, wrapping my arms around her body. Her body was surprisingly firm in my arms as I began to gently kiss her breasts, working around her nipples and then gently sucking one nipple at a time into my mouth, gently stroking it with my tongue. I always did enjoy sucking a nice set of tits, and this pair was just about perfect. I continued working across her chest from one tit to the other, getting more and more aggressive in my sucking as she pulled my head to her chest tighter. I slipped a hand between her legs and she stepped her feet apart to give me better access. I gently stroked her lips with my finger tips, her hips pushing at my fingers to increase the pressure. She moaned quietly as I slipped my finger between her lips and slowly drew it up her pussy to her clit and let it slide over the hard nub. 

"Oh yes." She cooed quietly. "I really like that."

I continued this treatment, never stopping my sucking on her hard nipples for what seemed like half an hour, her body finally tensing in anticipation of the climax to come. I stopped my stroking and sucking to stand up, and turned her around, letting her hold a tree for support. I pressed the head of my dick to her wet pussy and slowly pressed into her, allowing her pussy to expand around my dick. She moaned quietly as I fed myself into her inch by inch, taking my time so I wouldn't hurt her. I finally stopped when I felt my dick press against her cervix. I started to slowly slide out, stopping with just my head inside her and made the trip in again, this time a bit faster. I repeated this process several more times, each time a bit faster, before her body shuddered as her orgasm flowed over her. I had to reach around and hold her up so she didn't fall as her legs gave out. Slowly she regained her balance and stood more upright taking her own weight again. 

"Oh my god." She whispered, " I haven't ever cum that hard before."

"I'm glad you enjoyed it." I said honestly.

"You haven't cum yet, have you?"

"Not yet." 

"I want to feel you cum inside me. Will you? Please?"

"Sure." I said as I let go of her so she could bend back over. Using her hips for handles, I started sliding in and out of her, working myself closer to climax. I felt her body squeeze me a second time as another orgasm washed over her. She was just coming down from that climax when I began spouting my cum into her pussy, pushing her orgasm back up to another peak. I stood there panting as my dick softened inside her and then finally slipped from her pussy. She stood up and turned to face me, hugging her body against mine.

"Thank you." She whispered. "I really enjoyed that."

"I did too."

"Do you suppose there is any chance of doing this again?' she asked quietly.

"We'll have to see." I answered her. 

She hugged me tight and then let go, bending over to pick up her shirt. I watched her go trotting off through the bushes, her legs glistening with our juices. I shook my head and pulled on my shorts before heading back to camp. If nothing else I eliminated one. I would have remembered that pussy if it came and screwed me in the night.

I walked back into camp and everyone seemed to be up and moving around. Most of the ladies were making breakfast, which was my next task. We had a fifteen mile hike today, which would require a good breakfast. I walked to my pack and got out my dehydrated eggs and went to work, adding some artificial bacon chips and pulling out a slice of pita bread to stuff it all into. There were some things about backpacking I didn't like, and the bulk of the dehydrated foods were high on the list. I had long learned to have some extras, spices, pita bread, processed cheese, summer sausage, that kind of thing to make the meal a lot better. After breakfast I crawled into my tent to start packing my bed roll. To my surprise there were six more pairs of panties lying on my bed, all of them still damp from pussy juices. I sat down and played idly with the pile. Obviously Emily didn't leave a pair, since she doesn't wear any. The rest completed a set. Now I had one from each. I wondered if I was supposed to be guessing who they belonged to or what? I pulled them together and stuffed them in my pack as I secured my bedroll. Within a half hour we were ready to hit the trail.

We made good time, the ladies taking their turns leading and following the GPS. It take a little getting used to, but it does a good job where there are few markers. We made two rest stops before finally stopping for lunch on top of a bluff. From here we could easily see ten or more miles down the long valley. We were pretty close to the farthest point from the trucks here.

"Hell of a view? Isn't it?" Emily said as she stepped to the edge in front of me and stretched her arms high in the air, exposing her pussy below the hem of her skirt.

"Yep. It is that." I said enjoying the view.

She turned around and looked at me. "I didn't mean that one." She said with a grin.

"Oh. Well the other one is pretty good too then." I chuckled. "Do you mind if I ask a personal question?"

"Sure." She said coming over and kneeling down in front of me. I could look right up her legs to her brown curly hairs.

"Do you always wear such short skirts?"

She almost blushed. "No. this is the first time. I usually wear stuff that is knee length or longer."

"If you don't wear underwear, then how do you wear pantyhose?"

"Oh, I don't. I wear stockings and sometimes, if I feel really sexy, I'll wear a little lace garter I have."

"I bet your husband really likes that!"

"I wish." She said almost pouting. "He doesn't seem to hardly notice. That's why I started wearing no panties. It makes me horny all the time and then when he's ready we can have sex. If he has to spend a bunch of time getting me turned on he thinks it's too much work and rushes so I don't get to get off."

"Did anyone ever tell you you're married to an asshole?"

"Yeah." She said with a giggle. "Beth says that all the time. The way she puts it, if a man doesn't want to spend the time to turn on the woman, he doesn't deserve to get any."

"She's more right than you know."

"How about you? Do you like quick sex or slow sex?"

"well, my wife likes it slow, but I can go either way. It's usually a lot more fun slow. I really enjoy spending a bunch of time sucking tits and tasting pussy."

"Do guys like doing that?"

"Some do. I do." I said with a shrug.

"My husband hasn't ever done that. He thinks it's going to taste gross."

"How old are you?"

"Twenty eight."

"And married how long?"

"Five years."

"Has anyone ever tasted your pussy?"

"Nope." She replied shyly.

"That's just criminal. It's such a hot pussy. "

"Would you want to do it?"

"Under the right circumstances."

"like now?"

"Now in front of all them?" I asked hooking my thumb over my shoulder at the gaggle of women.

"Uh huh."

"I don't know. Never had an audience."

She got up from her knees and moved over to me. "Tell me what to do."

I pushed my pack back so I could lean back farther and then pulled her to me. "Kneel down here... no over me. That's it." I said as I guided her body to me. I pushed the material of her skirt up and pulled her pussy to me, using her ass as handles. She did taste very sweet, and was as wet as advertised. I licked up her slit and across her clit, bringing a shiver from her body.

"Oh my. You can do that all you want." She said softly. I moved my tongue down and pushed deep into her pussy and then licked up her slit and across her clit a second time, brining another shiver. I repeated this trip time after time, her breathing becoming more and more ragged as I worked. My tongue was starting to get tired, so I concentrated on her clit, spreading her lips with my fingers and flicking her little bead rappid fire. It was only a short time before her whole body convulsed, juices flowing from her pussy across my face as she came in wave after wave of spasms. She seemed to cum forever before her body relaxed and I let her slid down to sit on my chest and catch her breath. "god that felt good. I never knew it could be so sensitive. You really liked it?"

"Yes." I said as I wiped her juices from my face.

"Is all that from me?"

"Yep."

"Wow. I didn't know I flowed that much."

"Well you do." I said. She turned part way around and I felt my pants being opened and then she slid down my body, leaving a trail of her juices. "You really deserve a reward." She said quietly as she aimed my dick at her pussy. She slid easily down me with her wet pussy and began rocking and riding me. "Don't worry about me, I just want you to enjoy this and cum when you're ready."

"That won't be long." I grunted as she slid her pussy up and down my shaft. She had an interesting way of rocking her hips and squeezing her pussy as she humped up and down on me. 

"OH GOD!" she squeaked. "Cum NOW PLEASE!" her whole body shook as she started to cum again, her pussy squeezing and milking my dick while she tried to continue to ride me. I pushed her shirt up to see her tits better and in a few strokes was emptying my cum into her pussy. She felt my first spurts insider her and ground her pussy hard against my pelvis, shuddering and twitching as I squeezed her breasts in time with my pumping dick. She slowly lowered herself to rest on top of me, my dick softening inside her. "Damn that was nice. I cant remember when I came so fast a second time."

"IT's the fresh air I think." I replied with a smile.

"And I'm supposed to believe that?"

"If you two don't stop fucking around and eat lunch your going to get left behind!" Beth called from across the clearing.

"Yes mother!" Emily called back. "You're just jealous you didn't get any."

"We were supposed to be leaving him alone, weren't we?" Beth responded.

"Yeah, we were." She said sullenly. She leaned down and kissed me gently on the lips. "Thank you again."

"You more than thanked me already." I said squeezing her ass as she got up.

I pulled my pants together and went about making my lunch as the rest of the ladies sat around looking at me and giggling like a bunch of teens. I'm not used to public sex, but I had to admit, in this setting it wasn't bothering me as much as it should have.

After lunch we headed down the trail again. We had a lot of miles and just kept a good pace going. Late in the afternoon the dark clouds started to move in. I'd seen this kind of thing many times. Quick summer thundershowers that would it a small area and then move on. Sometimes you would not even get a drop and a mile down the road would get an inch. Today the thunder was rumbling pretty hard, and I was beginning to think we would get wet. I called a stop and suggested we dig out rain gear. For a trip like this, rain gear is an oversized poncho and a flop hat. We made sure it was all available to put on quickly, not wanting to wear it until necessary, since it was so hot. We headed back down the trail as the thunder echoed through the trees. The first drops came down as large as gumdrops. Everyone started scrambling for their ponchos. By the time we got them all pulled on, most of us were fairly wet. The rain was pounding down around us in sheets, turning the dirt trail into mud. I called a stop in a small clearing and we all huddled down in a group to wait it out. As cold as the rain was, we all felt like we were in sweat boxes, cowering under our ponchos. A number of the ladies gave shrieks from time to time as the water puddle on the tops of the ponchos, where it was laying over the backpack, would leak down and run in through the neck hole. This form of rain protection worked well when you were walking in a light rain, but this downpour was quickly overwhelming their effectiveness. 

We huddled for about ten minutes before the rain slacked off almost as suddenly as it started. We still had several miles to go, so as a group we decided to trek on. We had to be careful on the slopes with the ground now slick with mud, but at least the rain had reduced to a misty drizzle. The woods was like a steaming jungle now though. Mist and fog hung in the low valley and we soon gave up the comfort of our almost dry ponchos because they were stifling hot. The mist quickly saturated my shirt, and I noticed had done the same to most of the ladies, which of course caused several reactions. The one most obvious was my once again hard dick in my shorts, the other an almost rapid-fire teasing of each other on how much they were showing. All I could do was chuckle as the verbal jabs increased in intensity, finally resulting in the inevitable statement that so and so might as well be naked. I could see that comment coming a mile away, and I just decided to stand back and enjoy what was going to be the obvious outcome, lots of shirtless women. First it was two, then three as the teasing grew. We ended up stopping almost every few hundred yards while another joined the group of the shirtless. It finally came down to me, and I of course agreed, since there wasn't much for me to show anyway. That fact was not lost on Mindy, who was probably the most reserved of the bunch, and the last to lose her shirt. 
