 "I love, Girl watching."

I've heard that women don't like to be lustfully admired at, by men!

But the clothes they wear, make men stare, and they know it! 

Let's face it, the only guys that don't look are either, queer or dead, and I'm neither.

It was a beautiful early fall morning, and the kids were back in school. The leaves had already started to turn colors but the air was still warm. My wife had just left for work, and I was sitting on my front steps, having a cup of coffee.

I like checking out; the young Mommy's walking their children to school. There's this one young Mother, in particular from up the street that really catches my eye. 

I wasn't out here long, when I heard her kids, yelling, "Mommy, Mommy, hurry up, were going to be late for school." I could hear her, calling back to them, "don't be in, such a rush, slow down, and wait for me." I looked up as the three of them, ran by, the kids yelled and waved at me," Good Morning BigC." 

They ran by so fast I barely got a glimpse of her. This young Mother look's HOT. There's just something about her that makes me want to fuck her. I never met her, or even saw her up close. But from a distance, I could see that she's got a great body. I figured I'd sit here a while longer, and maybe get a better look at her; when she comes back up the street. 

I couldn't help myself; I started trying to visualize how she would look naked. Of course the image of her in my mind nude made me start fantasizing about having sex with her. 

For whatever unknown reason I looked up, and there she was walking straight up my drive way. I said to myself, aw-shit she caught me leering at her, with my lust filled eyes. Now she's going to give me a piece of her mind. Even with these concerns going through my head. I kept thinking about what, I'd like to do with her in bed.

My cock was caught, between the leg of my jockey shorts and jeans. As soon as I saw her, it began to swell and creep down my leg, making a huge bulge in my pants. I kind of leaned back on my elbows, and stretched out my legs with my right leg over my left, in hopes of looking casual, and at the same time hiding my erection, from her. 

She looked so sweet, as she got nearer, I could she was a little older then I though. But she still looks good enough to eat, for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.

She's a real beauty, with a dark complexion, her hair is almost black, she has big brown bedroom eyes, with freckles on her cheeks, and a small sexy heart shaped mouth. 

She was still dressed for summer, in a pink tank top, a pair of black, shorts, with a white strip on the side, held up by an elastic waist band. Her socks were pink, matching her top, with a pair of dainty white keds on her feet. I couldn't help noticing, she wasn't wearing a bra. 

Just by looking at her I could tell that, she works hard at keeping in shape. She has nice full breast, with just slight sag to them. I could see the outline of her nipples, through her top. She has a trim waist line, and full hips, that tapers down nicely into long well toned legs. 

She laughed and, said. "Hi my name is kitty and I can see you like, my titties. I can tell, because you're staring at them."

I blushed! She laughed and asked me, "Are you really comfortable sitting like that?"

I could feel myself starting to burn a bright red. She caught me! 

She went on to say. "My kids love trailer trucks, because you drive them. That makes you, kind of a hero to them. I've wanted to meet you, and get to know you, for some time now. I know you're called, BigC." 

I told her, "my name is Carl, but I've been called BigC, for years."

Then she asked, "Do you have another cup of coffee? If you do, and don't mind, I'd like to have a cup with you. I want to talk to you bluntly, about something personal and important to me."

I got up, and went into the house, and she followed behind me uninvited. I gave her a cup of coffee. We just stood there in the kitchen looking at each other, for a moment. I didn't know what to say to her, but I was curious, about what she wanted to talk about!

Kitty finally broke the silence and said, "BigC, if you don't mind. I have a few, very personal questions. I want to ask you. I want you to promise me, that you'll answer them honestly. If your answers are what, I hope they are. Then I have a favor, I want you to do for me."

I had no idea what was coming, but she sure had my interest. Besides that, she's a real piece of, male eye candy. I cant over state how sexy, I think she is.

She just asked me, "Do you drink, or use drugs?

I answered her. "No! I don't drink, or use drugs, and I don't smoke either." 

She replied "good." Then she asked me? "Do you have sex with a lot of other women, or prostitutes?"

No! I said, "I'm really fussy about who, I have sex with, but I honestly don't think, that's ... any ... of...your ... business!"

She shushed me by putting her finger over her lips, and said, "Please let me finish?"

I let her go on, wondering where this was going.

Than she stated, "you don't have any, STD's?"

"No, I don't, I replied."

I think my mouth was starting to hang open. I couldn't believe the things she was asking me, and I had no idea, why she was asking, me them.

She said. "Please let me continue? Now I want to explain something's to you, about me."

I though to myself, this is really getting interesting. So I said, "Okay." and let her go on.

She said, "I love my husband, he's a good man, and good Father. He works hard as a salesman, and has a passion for golf. We have a vanilla sex life, and it's pretty good too. But we only have sex, a couple of times a month, usual on Saturday nights, and that's only if, everything goes right."

I though to myself, I can understand that, but sad to say. It's NEVER the right night or time, for me and my wife. 

Then she said, "Now here's what I want to talk to you about. I like the way you look and dress. I think you're a sexy man, in your own macho way, you look rough and gentle, at the same time. And the way you look at me, undressing me with your eyes, excites me. I fantasize, about how it would be in bed with you."

Before I could say a word she went on to say, "BigC, I have this fantasy, about you, using me like a slut, calling dirty names, forcing me, to have oral sex with you, and, finally having you stuff your big hard cock into me, and fuck me like a slut."

Now my mouth was hanging open. 

Then she said."This is the favor, I want from you. I want you to fill my fantasy. When you're done, with me I want to have the taste of your cock in my mouth, and feel your cum running out of my cunt, down the insides of my thighs. Just don't really hurt me, or leave any marks on me.

I saw your wife leave and my husbands at work. But if you don't want to fuck me, I'll understand." 

I stood there dump founded with my mouth hanging open. This shit just doesn't happen to me. I'm not a hero like, a cop or fireman. I'm no movie actor or rock star either. I'm not special in any way at all. I'm just me, BigC, a truck driver!

Oh Shit, I said to myself, I don't know what to do, or where to start! I never had sex like that in my life, but what the hell, if that's what she wants. I'll be more then happy, to give it a try.

I stepped in closer to her, and put my hands on her breast. I gave them a squeeze and rubbed my thumbs roughly across her nipples. They were full and firm, and they were sensitive too; because as I touched them, she closed her eyes, sucked in her breath and moaned softly. 

I put my hands on her ass, and pulled her against me. I covered her open mouth with mine, as our lips molded together I pushed in my tongue into her warm open mouth. She sucked on my tongue, like it was a cock. 

I stopped kissing her, and asked, "Do you really want to get fucked bitch?"

She answered, "Only if your man enough too." 

I said "Okay bitch you're one hot looking piece of ass and you're going to get your favor." 

I looked her in the face, as I slid my hand down the front of her shorts. She closed her eyes as my hand when over her soft hairy bush and my fingers touched her pussy. 

I worked my middle finger between her lips, and found her opening. As I starting pushing my finger in her, she let out a sigh. I was shocked to discovered, she was as, tight as a teenager. I said, "Holy Shit Bitch you're tight." 

She said. "Thank You." As I started finger fucking her; she put her head against my chest, moaning "Uhhhh Ohhh Yessssss, I like that."

I worked in another finger, and kept working them in and out of her. I curled my fingers in her, and found her hot spot, and that's all it took.

As her first orgasm over took her, she moaned "Uhhhh Shitttttttttt." Her knees started too buckled, as she coated my fingers in her warm juices. 

I held her as she slid to the floor, and sat on her knees. I pulled out my cock, and said, 

"Now suck this bitch," and she did.

She worked me over like a pro. She kissed my balls, and licked the shaft of my penis; 

she ran her tongue around the head. I watched as my penis slipped between her lips and into her mouth. She sucked and bobbed her head up and down on it, taking it all in her mouth, so far, the head of my cock was hitting back of mouth making her gag. 

I haven't cum in over a week. So I couldn't take much of this. 

I was watching my penis disappearing and reappearing in and out of her warm wet mouth; her drool was bathing my balls. I couldn't help myself. 

I put my hands on the back of her head, and pulled her into my pelvis making her gag and drool on my cock even more. It felt so good; my orgasm had built up quickly in my balls. 

I couldn't contain myself and I exploded in orgasm, shooting my warm sticky load in her mouth, down her throat. She just sucked harder on my cock, trying to drink it all down, but she couldn't. Some of it ran out of the corners of her mouth, over her chin, and onto her breast. 

Now it was my turn to sink to the floor. We were squatting on our knees, on the kitchen floor holding each other up, trying to get our breaths back. We didn't stay down long; I wanted more of this slut. 

I had a gut feeling she was far from through with me. I got up and lifted over my shoulder, and carried her to my den, Like a, Fireman.

The den is my room. I have my computer, a TV, a recliner, and a day bed in there.

I sat her, in the recliner, as I took the cushions off the back of the day bed, and throw them on the floor. Now the day bed was just a bed. 

I lifted her out of the chair, and pulled her top up over her head, and tossed it, next I pulled her shorts down. She kicked her feet, so she could get them off. 

She was left wearing a pair of sheer pink panties, and her sneaks and socks. I lead her over to the bed, and pushed her down it. She landed with a bounce, and laughed. 

I took off her keds and socks. But I left her wearing her panties. I wanted to fuck her, so bad; my cock was already hard again. I knew as soon as I peeled off her panties, and slid my cock into her. I wouldn't be able to control my self, and I'd cum like a teenager, the first time he got laid. Then it would be over. 

I wasn't going to let that happen if I could help it. I wanted more of this bitch.

I had to stop and admire her; she was a real beauty, with a perfect body. She has brownish aureoles, with nipples the size of gum drops, her belly is flat. She had some dark hairs around her navel with just a slight path of hair, leading down to her big patch of public hair. I could see the stretch marks on her lower belly through her panties, her thighs were soft, with just a little extra flesh between her legs, near her vagina, and then they taped into well toned muscled legs that end with her dainty little feet. 

I kissed her forehead, eyes, and nose; I sucked her lower lip into my mouth, and ran the tip of my tongue back and forth across it. My hands roamed over her breast, as I sucked on her neck, She moaned and whispered, "don't give me a hickey,

I don't want any marks left on me."

I kissed her chest, as I caressed her breast, and pinched nipples. She was moaning loudly saying, "You're driving me crazyyyy." 

As my kisses reached her breast my hand was traveling lower over her belly. I kissed all around her aureoles, and swirled the tip of my tongue around her nipples. She was moaning uncontrollably and her hips were instinctively pumping up in air. 

I swirled the tip of my tongue around her nipples, first one then the other. As I sucked her nipple into my mouth I nipped it, and flicked the tip of my back and forth across it. 

She screamed. "Oooh Yesssss and moaned that feels sooo gooood." 

As my hand covered her snatch, she clamped her legs together jerking up and down, as she had another orgasm. I kept kissing her lower and lower over her panties to her bush. I could smell the nasty musty odor of her excited pussy. I got between her legs, and said, "Bitch spread your thighs open wider." 

I tenderly kissed, and sucked on the soft sweet moist flesh of her inner thighs, near her vagina. I kissed all around her pussy, but I didn't kiss it. I wanted to tease her, and bring her to the brink of orgasm. I wanted this slut to beg me, to make her cum; she was flexing her back, lifting up her hips trying to get my tongue on her cunt screaming at me.

"You Fucking Bastard. Eat Me, Eat Me. Make me cum."

Now she was whimpering almost crying begging me, to make her cum, pleading with me, 

"I can't take it anymore. I need to cum." 

Finally I nudged my head between her thighs, and sucked on the crotch of her drenched panties. I rubbed my nose between her pussy lips from back to front. I kissed, and licked her slit through her soaked panties. Smelling that nasty musty odor of her twat was driving me nuts. She was squirming around trying to get my tongue on her clit, begging me softly almost under her breath, "Oh please, stop teasing me." 

I put my hands under her ass, as I buried my face in her crotch. I sucked on the crotch of her panties. I licked her clitoris through them, her body started jerking wildly, she wrapped her legs tightly around my head, bucked her hips up pushing her cunt in my face. Her cum gushed out of her through her panties, into my mouth. Then she collapsed gasping for breath, softly calling me a, "fucking son of a bitch." 

I got off the bed, and stripped. My penis was rock hard, sticking straight out, dripping pre-cum. Kitty was still breathing through her mouth, with her eyes closed. I couldn't resist, I position myself, so my cock was over her mouth, and I leaned against the wall, holding myself up with one hand. My other hand was around my cock. I rubbed my cock across her lips, she sucked my cock like a lollipop, and as I fucked her face. 

Holding my cock in my hand, so she could see it, I asked her, "Bitch, where do you want this next?" 

She replied, "I want it in me, I want you to fuck me, with it you bastard."

She closed her legs and lifted her hips. As I peeled her soaked panties off. I dropped them on the floor. She nodded her head and begged, "hurry up." 

As I got between her legs, she parted her thighs wider. I nudged the head of my cock just inside her hole. She moaned. "Ohhh yesss... yess...I want that in me." 

she was so tight I was afraid. I was going to hurt her. She arched her back, and whispered, "Yesss that's it push it all the way in."

I entered her incredibly tight, warm, moist hole, in one slow steady push. As my cock entered her, stretching her open, filling her with penis, she closed her eyes, sucked in breath, sighing. "Aaaaah... that's it fuck... meee"

She lifted her hips, to get me in deeper. I was in her; so far the head of my manhood was against her cervix. I started slowly at first, but she urged me, to do it harder, she was moaning, and squirming around under me, pushing herself up, as I slammed down into her, the head of my penis, was banging into her cervix. She was going nuts, just like a slut in heat. She was begging me, as we fucked, "Oooh please make me cum, uhhh please, I want you to cum in me. Oh please, make me cum, and cum in Me. I want to feel you shooting your cum, in me."

As her orgasm took over her, she went rigid and started to quiver, and her juices gushed out of her. As I felt her let go, I couldn't hold back any longer. I erupted in my own body shaking orgasm, spurting my sperm deeply inside her. 

We collapse together in a heap, panting like dogs on a hot summer day. We laid there for while, not saying a word, we were too exhausted to speak. I had no idea what to say to her anyway. I still couldn't believe that I got this lucky.

Finally Kitty asked, "What time is it?" 

I told her, and she said. "Oh Shit, I have to meet the kids at school in a few minutes." 

As we got dressed, she said "that was fun; we have to do it again some time." 

I WINK and said. "Anytime you have a fantasy Bitch, let me know? I'll be glad to help you with it." 

She laughed and kissed me, good bye. 

I watched her sweet ass jiggling, as she ran down my driveway. I went back out on the porch to enjoy this beautiful fall day, and to checkout all the young Mommy's, walking their kid's home from school.

I love 

Girl Watching.