 Zeta grabbed hold of the head board and forced herself back down onto Lemmi's sliding wet cock. She grunted and tossed her sweaty hair about, aching for a few seconds more of pleasure. She was at the point of sex that she loved the most, the part right before her orgasm at the peak of ecstasy.

Lemmi pulled down on Zeta's hips as he thrust his cock up into her. He glanced up at her buttery smooth, bouncing tits and erect nipples. It was hard to believe that she wasn't a famous model or actress of some sort. Every inch of her skin looked tasty sweet. The feel of her hot pussy made his cock even harder.

Sweat stung Lemmi's eyes as he gave everything he had into every stroke. He was a really good catch, but he knew that Zeta was more than he deserved. He cried out as his passion could no longer be contained.

Zeta came down hard rolling hips and getting all she could from Lemmi's erupting cock. The feel of his cum shooting up inside of her triggered her orgasm. She contracted her canal squeezing his cock as tight as she could until it was too soft and slipped out.

"Hot fuck!"

"Mmmmmm." Zeta leaned forward and kissed his lips. She pushed her tongue into his mouth and sucking his will away. "Thank you for a fabulous night. I enjoyed every time. It's too bad I have to go to work." She got up off his bed and picked her clothes from the floor. "Call me if you'd like to go out with me again."

"You can count on it." Lemmi rose on his elbows, too tired to lift his body more.

"I was really hoping that you would." She held her clothes in from of her as she walked towards the door. Her evenly tanned bubble butt rose and fell with each step.

Lemmi fell back on his bed ecstatically happy with his luck.

"Well, hello there," Mason said seeing the naked young woman coming from his son's bedroom.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't know anyone else was here."

"You have nothing to be sorry about." Mason soaked up the young woman's beauty.

"I'm Zeta." She extended her hand.

"Mason, Lemmi's father." He noticed her firm hand sake and the flirty tone of her voice.

"I see where Lemmi gets his good looks." She smiled brightly. "I hope I get the chance to get to meet his mother also."

"I'm sure that Lemmi is not foolish enough to let you get away, before you get a chance to meet her." He eyes roamed up and down her exposed flesh.

"I'd love that, too bad I have to rush off to work."

"Oh, I'm sorry. The bathroom is the third door on the right."

"It was nice meeting you Mason." Zeta walked down the hall and paused looking back at the smiling older man before going inside. She was not bashful. She wasn't exactly an exhibitionist, but she was comfort naked around people.

Mason's eyes followed the movement of Zeta's butt-cheeks all the way to the bathroom. He loved his son's young friends being around. The young woman often flirted with him and occasionally he got one in the sack.

****

"No way!" Kale exclaimed.

Lemmi chuckled. "Yeah way. I waited for her to get off and we got something to eat down by the pier, and went for a walk down the beach to my place, and she fucked me all freakin' night!"

"You guys are nothing but fucking dogs." Tiffany, Kale's sister, pushed him out of her way as she greeted two more of their friends Joanna and Brittany.

"You lucky dog! That girl was hot. Did she slob on the old knob?"

"Man, I never met a girl like her before. Every time I blew my load, she'd go down and bring me back up again. I'm hooking up with her again when she gets off work. I'm telling you. I can really go for a girl like her." He moved his legs and the three girls joined them.

"So, who is this, another minimum wage charity case?" Joanna said hugging Lemmi briefly.

Lemmi and Kale looked at each other and laughed.

"She has a nicer ass than yours," Kale said taking a hand full of Joanna's soft butt-cheek.

"That's nicer than you ever had," Joanna replied not bothering to brush his hand away. "So, you seriously think you can replace this with a hood rat?" She pressed her large tits against his chest and barely touched his lips with hers.