 Things had slowed down after what had been a wild first three days of summer. 

I ran into my ex's slutty friend, Marie, at a party and gotten a wild blow job. The next day, we had sex in her hot tub and she set me up with another of my ex's friends, a hot track star named Anne. We had calorie-burning sex at her house the next night. 

But for about a week after that, I hadn't heard from either of them and had been enjoying my time relaxing and working as a waiter at a local restaurant. I didn't know when my tour of Carla's girlfriends would continue. But strangely, I wasn't too worried about it. 

I would never feel comfortable bringing this up to any of them first. So I decided I'd wait until Marie or another of the girls initiated something. 

One day, I was at the grocery store picking up some bread and milk my mom had asked me for. While I was waiting in the check-out line, I noticed someone familiar in front of me. A fairly tall, slender girl with shoulder-length brown hair, wearing jeans and a blue tank top. It was Lauren, Carla's very best friend — and one of the girls who I was supposed to hook up with now. 

"Hey Lauren," I said hesitantly. She turned around and stared for a few seconds, clearly not sure how to talk to me now that I was no longer her best friend's boyfriend. 

"Oh, uh, hey Stan!" she said, eventually deciding to smile awkwardly. She finished checking out her groceries and waited at the end of the line. 

I quickly bought my two items, and went to meet her. "Good to see you!" I said. I was already feeling really awkward. Right when I found out about this crazy arrangement the girls had, I wondered how it would work with Lauren. Her and Carla were so close, and it didn't seem very best friend-y to take advantage of a break up like that. 

Lauren also seemed to feel awkward. We walked together out into the parking lot, not saying much except for a few short question-and-answer exchanges about school and how long we were home for. 

Finally, we got to her car and she stopped and just came out with it. 

"I'm guessing you've heard about our friends' weird thing?" 

"Uh, yeah," I chuckled. "Marie told me."

She looked up at the sky and laughed incredulously. "So I guess that's one checked off, huh?" she said. I shrugged, deciding to leave Anne out of it for now. "Listen. I'm sure she said we would all do this with you. But... I don't think I can." 

"Oh, that's fine," I said quickly, trying to appear casually. I was a little disappointed, since I'd always thought Lauren was really pretty — which is different from hot, or sexy, which Marie and Anne were. But also, I was a little relieved. I don't see how it wouldn't have been weird.

"Carla's my best friend," she said with a shrug. "I don't even know why we all decided to do this in the first place. It's weird. But it'd be even weirder with you than any of the other guys. Sorry."

"I totally get it," I assured her. "I had sort of been thinking the same thing. I know you a little too well," I smiled, trying as hard as I could to act normal and friendly. 

"Good," she seemed relieved. "Honestly, I think Carla's a little weirded out about it. She told me the break-up was for the best, but this is her first time being on the outside of one of these little tours." 

"Oh," I said. I didn't know what to say to that. "Well, I guess she participated before and didn't tell me. I don't feel like I need to feel bad for her." 

"That's true, I guess," Lauren shrugged. "Well, it was good seeing you, Stan. You're a good guy."

I got the feeling Lauren was sad about the breakup. She hugged me, and — ashamedly — I couldn't help but notice her soft tits press against my chest. I sighed as I walked away, just a little bummed that was the most contact I'd get with her. 

————

I was at home playing video games alone, thinking about my interaction with Lauren earlier, when my phone rang. 

I looked and was surprised to see it was Joe, my old friend from high school. I hadn't talked to him basically this whole year. Suddenly, I realized his twin sister, Christine, was one of the girls left on my tour of Carla's friends. Could this be a coincidence? 

"What's up Joe!" I answered. 

"Stan, buddy," he said. "What are you doin tonight?"

"No plans, really."

"You wanna come hang out and have some beers on the deck?" he said. 

That sounded fun. I also was super curious about whether his sister would be there. 

"Absolutely," I said. 

He told me to be at his house at 7, and we would make burgers and drink beer. I ran upstairs to shower, put on deodorant, and make myself look good; I wasn't sure if anything was going to happen tonight with Christine — after all, her brother would be there and would definitely not be cool with it. But I wanted to be ready just in case. 

————

Joe and I had just finished our first beers, and we were reminiscing about good times on some sports teams we had played together on. It had been a lot of fun catching up, and his sister wasn't home, as far as I could tell. I started to relax, enjoying the shit-shooting I was doing with my old buddy. 

"So you and Carla broke up, huh?" he said eventually. 

I nodded as I took a swig of beer. "Yeah, the long-distance thing didn't work," I shrugged. 

"That's too bad, but I think it happens to a lot of couples," he said. After a pause, he said, "Yeah, Christine mentioned you guys broke up and she wondered how you were doing about it. And I realized I didn't know either, so I thought I'd call you up." 

It clicked. Christine had been behind the out-of-the-blue invitation. It made sense that as shy as she was, she would approach this indirectly. All of a sudden I was back on edge, my dick twitching slightly in anticipation. 

"Oh, yeah? What's she up to tonight?" I asked casually. 

"She was just out with Marie, I think they were shopping or something," he said. "They're coming back here later tonight to have some beers with us, if you don't mind."

I almost laughed. This was such a set-up. 

"Fine by me," I said. 

Then, as if on cue, we heard the front door open and some girly laughs from the entryway. Then Marie and Christine came walking back to the deck, looking sexier than I'd imagined. Petite little Christine wore a black mini-skirt and a loose gray shirt with a v-neck that dipped low, revealing the slight slopes of her cleavage. Her brown hair with blonde highlights was done up in bun, and she smiled a set of pearly white teeth at me when she saw me sitting down. 

"Hey boys," Marie said with a wave. "What's up?"

"What are you guys laughing about?" Joe said. 

"Just girl talk," his sister grinned. I didn't know if the reference was intentional or not, but I had to shift to keep my dick from getting too hard. 

I waved, and then Joe said he was just finishing up four burgers for all of us. "Perfect timing!" he added. 

"Oh good, I'm starving," Christine said. She sat down across the table from me. "How's it going Stan?!" she said, smiling and tilting her head to the side adorably. 

"Good. I've had a pretty fun first week of summer," I said, hoping she'd get the hint. She glanced over at Marie and smiled. She got it. 

"That's awesome," she said. "I was sorry to hear about you and Carla. But I'm sure you don't want to talk about it," she waved dismissively. "Let's eat some burgers!"

We all sat and had burgers and more beer. Conversation flowed easily. When Joe was looking down at his plate or at his food, Christine leaned far forward to take a bite. This gave me a view down her cleavage, and a peek at the tops of a black bra. 

I looked at her face and she was looking right at my eyes; she was intentionally letting me look down her shirt. She winked at me. I looked over at Marie, who was looking down at her plate and smiling. These girls were toying with me. 

Christine was so shy and seemed so innocent. But she surprised a bunch of people when she was named "Devil in Disguise" in our senior yearbook. After graduation I started to hear from some third-hand rumors that she was quite the freak sexually. I don't think her brother had heard those rumors, and he thought the "award" was just her friends playing a joke on her.

I was starting to believe the rumors when she rubbed her foot on mine underneath the table. 

"Guys," Marie said mischievously to the table. "Let's get really drunk tonight." 

"I've got nothing to do tomorrow," Joe said. "I'm down."

I nodded. "We've got plenty of booze," Christine shrugged. "Let's do it." 

The girls went off to make drinks while Joe and I cleaned up dinner. After we were done, I went upstairs to use the bathroom. As I reached the top of the stairs, I heard Marie whisper my name. 

Her head was poked out of Christine's bedroom, and she beckoned with a finger. Quickly getting hard with anticipation, I went over to her. She pulled me into the room — Christine wasn't in there. 

Marie pulled my head to hers and furiously kissed me. While we made out, she moaned into my mouth, writhed her hips against mine and stuck her fingers down into my jeans. 

She broke our kiss and looked at me with burning eyes, her tits rising up and down with her heaving breaths. "Do you want to fuck Christine tonight?" she said huskily. 

"Yes," I said immediately. 

Then Christine came in holding a bottle of liquor. "Hey," she said meekly. 

"Try kissing him, Christine," Marie said, pulling her friend by the hand over to me. 

Christine blushed and looked me in the eye, before getting on her tip-toes and kissing me. It was slow at first, but eventually our mouths opened and we were making out. Her mouth tasted like alcohol. 

"Oh God," she grinned at Marie. "This is going to be good." 

"Stan, want to do a body shot off her?" Marie asked breathlessly. I nodded, staring into Christine's pretty blue eyes. Marie walked over to her friend and lifted her shirt off. A strapless black bra held her small, perky tits. She pushed Christine gently down onto the bed and motioned me to come over. 

Marie took the bottle of liquor and slowly poured a little trail on her chest, all the way down to her belly button. "Drink up," she giggled. 

I knelt on the bed next to Christine and moved my mouth to her chest. She gasped as I licked and sucked the whiskey off her skin, moving my mouth all the way down, over her still-clasped bra and drank the last of the liquor pooled in her belly-button. 

Christine looked at me with lusty eyes. She didn't say anything. 

"Her turn now," Marie said. "Stan, take your shirt off." I did what she said, taking my shirt off. She motioned for me to lie down on the bed, and I did. 

Then Marie surprised me by unbuckling my belt and pulling my shorts down, letting my rock-hard cock spring out. Christine gasped when she saw it, a look of hot fascination on her face. 

Marie poured the liquor onto me now, starting at my chest and working down. Only with me, she went past my belly-button, pouring whiskey all over my dick and my balls. 

Christine licked her lips and then, still with just her bra and shorts on, straddled me. She kissed my chest, sucking up all the liquor. I felt every warm kiss where her lips and tongue grazed my torso on her way down. Finally she got low enough where my dick was poking the bottom of her chin and she looked up at me with a grin. 

She ran her mouth up and down the side of my shaft, drinking the shot of whiskey, and finally sucking on the head. She moaned deeply, and I realized she was rubbing between her legs while she did this. 

Wow. 

The room was quiet for a minute, filled with sexual tension. 

"We need to go get Joe to pass out," Marie whispered. "To be continued." 

———

We were downstairs playing a drinking card game now, where the dealer typically got to choose who to divvy up shots to. Christine sat next to me on the couch, and I snuck a peak down her shirt whenever she leaned forward. 

Joe excused himself to go the bathroom. "You guys keep giving me shots, this sucks," he said good-naturedly. "Time to go break the seal."

As soon as he closed the door to the bathroom, Christine jumped to straddle my lap. She licked my ear and kissed my neck, grinding her lap onto mine. "God, I want you," she whispered to me, while Marie looked on from the other couch. i put my hands on her chest, squeezing her tits over her shirt. When we heard the toilet flush and the sink turn on, she jumped off and adjusted her shirt to look normal. 

We were all pretty drunk by this point, but Joe came out of the bathroom clearly the drunkest. The girls had been egging him on to drink more all night. 

"You know what we should do?" Marie said. "Watch a movie!"

I knew what she was doing. Joe was hammered, and a movie with the lights off might put him right to sleep. She hopped off the couch and picked out a comedy movie off the shelves. We had all seen it plenty of times. That was the point. 

Joe shrugged indifferently. Marie put the movie in and turned the lights off. Feeling bold and turned on, as soon as the lights were off, I grabbed a blanket and threw it over Christine and I. I figured Joe was too drunk to notice such a sketchy set-up. I was right. And I put my hand on Christine's thigh, watching her mouth part slightly as I moved up toward her crotch. 

For the first five minutes of the movie, I had my fingers down the front of her shorts, playing with her pussy. Her face looked like she could hardly take it. She was closing her eyes, opening her mouth wide, and looking at me fiercely. After a while, Marie said, "Hey Joe?" She nudged him. Again. 

He was asleep. 

She grinned over at us. "Go to town," she smirked. 

Christine growled, the most aggressive noise I could ever imagine this timid girl making. She pushed my head down her body and, with her brother — my friend — sleeping just across the room, I took her shorts off and pulled aside her black panties. I started licking her clit, making her gasp. She started to moan, and I worried she'd wake Joe up. 

As I kept licking, I must have hit a sensitive spot, because Christine yelped, "Oh fuck!" We both looked over and Joe stirred slightly before rolling over. 

"Should we go upstairs?" 

She shook her head no. She was turned on by the thought of getting caught. "He won't wake up," she grinned. 

I went back to furiously licking, and Christine spread her legs wide and writhed her hips up and down at my mouth. She was already close to cumming from the fingering I had given her during the movie. After just a minute, she was grabbing the back of my head and whispering, "I'm cumming. Oh my god you have the best fucking tongue Stan. Ohhhh shit," she breathed a long sigh as she finished orgasming. I looked up at her contented smile and was shocked to see, behind her, that Marie was filming this with her iPhone. 

"Hope you don't mind," Marie said. "We talked about this earlier today. Christine has always been turned on by the idea. We'll send you the video," she giggled. 

I shrugged. As you can tell, I don't object to much when I'm hooking up with sexy girls. I moved up Christine's body and we made out more. I was leaned over her, she was pushed up against the back of the couch, she grabbed my buckle and took off my shorts. My cock sprang out for the second time tonight. 

She grabbed it and pumped it a few times. Then, while staring into my eyes the whole time, she pulled it to her slit and I pushed in. 

Christine's eyes rolled into the back of her head as I entered her for the first time. She reached and grabbed the back of my ass, pulling me into her. She was so small that her pussy was incredibly tight, and it felt amazing to push into her. 

As I started fucking her faster, she bit my chin and my ears lightly, looking at me almost angrily. "Fill me up. Fuck me," she begged. "Harder." 

I thrusted harder and faster. Suddenly we were interrupted by Marie, who was still filming. "Switch positions," she said with a grin. "For the camera." 

I pulled out and sat down on the couch. Christine turned around so her ass was facing me, and positioned herself above me. We were about to do some reverse cowgirl, a position I had seen in plenty of pornos but never done. It gave a great view to a camera of a girl's whole body, riding up and down on a dick. 

Christine looked into the camera as she sank down onto my dick. Her hot little ass stuck out at me, and I reached around and grabbed her tits while she started bouncing up and down faster. 

She put one hand on my thigh and used one to bunch up her hair out of her face, letting out an "Oh!" every time she came down on me, getting more high pitched with each stroke. Finally, she came down and stayed down, went rigid, arched her back so her tits were thrust out toward the camera, and shrieked. "Ohhhhhhh god, fuck yeah!" she breathed. Her orgasm put me over the edge, and I emptied shot after shot of come into her pussy. It was the hardest I had come in my life. 

Then Christine giggled, let her hair down, and blew a kiss at Marie holding the camera. I couldn't wait to watch this video later. 

She turned around and gave me a hard kiss on the mouth. 

"That was awesome," she said. I agreed. And Joe was still sound asleep on the other couch.