 "I love, Girl Watching."

I've heard that some women, 
claim they don't like to be leered at lustfully, by men!

But the clothes they wear, 
make men stare, 
and they know it!

Let's face it, 
the only guys that don't look, 
are either, queer or dead.
And I'm neither.

My wife had just left for work, and I was sitting on my front steps, having a cup of coffee. It was a beautiful early fall morning. The leaves had already started to turn colors. But the air was still warm, and the kids were back in school. 

I like checking out, the young Mommy's walking their children to school. There's this one young Mother, in particular from up the street, that really catches my eye. I wasn't out here long, when I heard her kids, yelling, "Mommy, Mommy, hurry up, were going to be late for school." I could hear her, calling back to them, "don't be in, such a rush, slow down, and wait for me." I looked up as the three of them, ran by, the kids yelled and waved at me, "Hi BigC." I barely got a glimpse of her. 

This young Mother look's HOT. There's just something about her, that makes me want to fuck her. I never met her, or even saw her up close. But even from a distance, I could see, that she's got a great body. I figured I'd sit here a while longer, and maybe get a better look at her. When she comes back up the street. 

As my thoughts returned, I looked up, and saw, that the Mommy, was walking straight up my drive way. I said to myself, aw-shit she caught me, leering at her, with my lust filled eyes. Now she's going to give me a piece of her mind. Even with these concerns going through my head. I kept thinking about what, I'd like to do, with her in bed.

My cock was caught, between the leg of my jockey shorts and jeans. As soon as I saw her, it began to swell and creep down my leg, making a huge bulge in my pants. I kind of leaned back on my elbows, and stretched out my legs with my right leg over my left, in hopes of looking casual, and at the same time hiding my erection, from her. 

As she got nearer, I could she was a little older then I though. But she still, looks good enough to eat.

She's a real beauty, with a dark complexion, her hair is shoulder length and almost black, she has big brown bedroom eyes, with freckles on her cheeks, and a small sexy heart shaped mouth. 

She was still dressed for summer, in a pink tank top, a pair of black, shorts, with a white strip on the side, held up by an elastic waist band. Her socks were pink, matching her top, with a pair of dainty white keds on her feet. I couldn't help noticing, she wasn't wearing a bra. She looks so sweet. 

Just by looking at her. I could tell that, she works hard at keeping in shape. She has nice full breast, with just a slight sag to them. I could see the outline of her nipples, through her top. She has a trim waist, with full hips, that tapers down nicely into long well toned legs. 

She laughed and, said. "Hi my name is kitty. I can see you like, my titties. I can tell, because your staring at them."

I blushed!

She laughed and asked me, "Are you really comfortable sitting like that?"

I could feel myself starting to burn a bright red. She caught me!

She went on to say. "My kids love trailer trucks, because you drive them. That makes you, kind of a hero to them. I've wanted to meet you, and get to know you, for some time now. I know your called, BigC." 

I told her my name is "Carl, but I've called BigC, for years."

Then she asked, "Do you have another cup of coffee? If you do, and don''t mind, I'd like to have a cup with you. I want to talk to you bluntly, about something personal, and important to me."

I said. "I sure do."Let me get you a cup."

I got up, and went into the house, with her following me uninvited. I gave her a cup of coffee.

I thought to myself, there's no doubt about it, she is blunt.

We stood in the kitchen looking at each other, for a moment. I was curious, about what she wanted to talk about!

Kitty said "BigC, if you don't mind. I have a few, very personal questions.I want to ask you. I want you to promise me, that you'll answer them honestly. If your answers are what, I hope they are. Then I have a favor, I want you to do for me."

I had no idea what was coming, but she sure had my interest. Besides that, she's a real piece of, male eye candy. I cant over state how sexy, I think she is.

She just asked me, "Do you drink, or use drugs?" I answered her. 

"No! I don't drink, or use drugs." "I don't smoke either." 

She replied "good." Then she asked me. "Do you have sex with a lot of other women, or prostitutes?"

"No!" I said, "I'm really fussy about who, I have sex with, but I really don't think, that's ... any ... of...your ... business!"

She shushed me by putting her finger over her lips, and said, "Please let me finish?"

I let her go on, wondering where this was going.

Than she stated, "you don't have any, STD's?" "No, I don't," I replied.

I think my mouth was starting to hang open. I couldn't believe the things she was asking me, and I had no idea, why she was asking, me them.

She said. "Please let me continue?" "Now I want to explain something's to you, about myself."

I though to myself. Okay I'll let her go on. This is really getting interesting.

She said,"I love my husband, he's a good man, and good Father. He works hard as a salesman, and has a passion for golf. We have a vanilla sex life, and it's pretty good too. We only have sex, a couple of times a month,usual on Saturday nights, but that's only if, everything goes right."

I though to myself. I can understand that, but sad to say it's. "NEVER" the right night or time, for me and my wife. 

She said, Now heres what I want to talk to you about. I like the way you look and dress. I think your a sexy man, in your own macho way. You look rough and gentle, at the same time. The way you look at me, undressing me with your eyes, excites me. I fantasize, about how it would be, in bed with you.

BigC, I have this fantasy, about you, using me like a slut, calling me dirty names, forcing me, to have oral sex with you, and, finally, have your big hard cock stuffed into me, and you fuck me like a slut."

Now my mouth was hanging open.

"That's the favor, I want from you? I want you to fill my fantasy. When your done, with me.I want to have the taste of your cock in my mouth, and feel your cum running out of my cunt, down the insides of my thighs. Just don't hurt me, or leave any marks on me."

"I saw your wife leave, and my husbands at work. But if you don't want to, I'll understand." 

Now I stood there dump founded with my mouth hanging open. This shit just doesn't happen to me. I'm not a hero like, a cop or fireman. I'm no movie actor, rock star, either or special in any way at all. 

I'm just me, BigC, a truck driver!

Oh Shit, I said to myself, I don't know what to do, or where to start! I never had sex like that in my life. But what the hell, if that's what she wants. I'll be more then happy, to give it a try.

I stepped in closer to her, and felt her tits. I gave them a squeeze and rubbed my thumbs roughly across her nipples. They were full and firm, and I found out they are sensitive too. Because as I touched them, she closed her eyes, and moaned softly. I put my hands on her ass, and pulled her against me.

I covered her open mouth with mine, and pushed in my tongue. She sucked my tongue, like it was a cock. 

I stopped kissing her, and asked. "Do you really want to get fucked bitch?"

She said, "Only if your man enough too." 

I said,"your not a bad looking piece of ass, for a slut, and your going to get your favor." 

I looked her in the face, as I slid my hand down the front of her shorts. She closed her eyes and started breathing through her mouth. I could feel her bush, it was big and furry.

I worked my middle finger between her lips, and found her opening. As I starting pushing my finger in her, she let out a sigh. I was shocked to discovered, she was still as tight as a teenager.

I said, "Holy Shit Bitch your tight." 

She said."Thank You." 

As I started finger fucking her. She put her head against my chest moaning,"Uhhhh Ohhh Yessssss, I like that."

I worked in another finger, and kept working them in and out of her. I curled my fingers in her, and found her hot spot, and that's all it took.

As her first orgasm over took her, she moaned

"Uhhhh Shitttttttttt."

Her knees started to buckled, and my fingers were coated in her warm juices. 

I held as she slid to the floor, and sat on her knees. 

I pulled out my cock, and said, "Now suck this bitch." and she did.

She worked me over like a pro. She kissed my balls, and licked the shaft of my penis, she ran her tongue around the head. I watched as my penis slipped between her lips and into her mouth. 

She sucked and bobbed her head up and down on it, taking it all in her mouth, so far, the head of my cock was hitting back of mouth making her gag. I haven't cum in over a week. So I couldn't take much of this. 

I was watching my penis disappearing and reappearing in and out of her warm wet mouth, her drool was bathing my balls. I couldn't help myself. 

I put my hands on the back of her head, and pulled her into my pelvis making her gag and drool even more.

It felt so good, my orgasm had built up quickly in my balls. I couldn't contain myself, and I exploded in orgasm, shooting my warm sticky load in her mouth, down her throat.

She just sucked harder on my cock, trying to drink it all down, but she couldn't. Some of it ran out of the corners of her mouth, down over her chin, and onto her breast. 

Now it was my turn to sink to the floor. We were squatting on our knees, on the kitchen floor holding each other up, trying to get our breaths back. 

We didn't stay down long, I wanted more of this slut. I had a gut feeling she was far from through with me. I got up and lifted over my shoulder, and carried her to my den, Like a, "Fireman."

The den is my room.

I have my computer, my TV, my recliner, and a day bed in there. I sat her, in my recliner, as I took the cushions off the back of the day bed, and throw them on the floor. Now the day bed, was just a bed. 

I lifted her out of the chair, and pulled her top up over her head, and tossed it on the chair, as I pulled her shorts down, she kicked her feet, to help me get them off. They quickly, joined her top on the chair. 

She was wearing a pair of sheer pink panties, with her shoes and socks. I lead her over to the bed, and pushed her down it. She landed with a bounce, and laughed. 

I took off her keds and socks. I left her wearing her panties. I wanted to fuck her, so bad, my cock was already hard again.

I knew as soon as I peeled off her panties, and slid my cock into her. I wouldn't be able to control my self, and I'd cum like a teenager, the first time he got laid. Then it would be over. 

I wasn't going to let that happen if I could help it.I wanted more of this bitch.

I had to stop and admire her, she's a beauty, with a perfect body. She has brownish aureoles, with nipples the size of gum drops, her belly is flat. She has some dark hairs around her navel with just a slight path of hair, leading down to her big patch of public hair.

I could see stretch marks through her panties, on her lower belly, her thighs are soft, and just a little fleshy between her legs, near her pussy, then they taped into well toned muscled legs, that end with her dainty little feet. 

I kissed her forehead, eyes, and nose. I sucked her lower lip into my mouth, and ran the tip of my tongue back and forth across it. My hands roamed over her breast, as I sucked on her neck. 

She moaned and whispered,"don't give me a hickey, I don't want any marks left on me."

I kissed her over her chest, as I caressed her breast, and pinched nipples.

She was moaning loudly saying, "your driving me crazyyyy." 

As my kisses reached her breast. My hand was traveling lower over her belly. I kissed all around her aureoles, and flicked the tip of my tongue back and fouth across her nipples.

She was moaning uncontrollably and whimpering,as her hips were instinctively pumping up and down in air.

I swirled the tip of my tongue around her nipples, first one then the other. I sucked her nipple into my mouth and nipped it, as I flicked the tip of my back and forth across it. 

She screamed. "Oooh Yesssss and moaned that feels sooo gooood." 

As my hand covered her snatch, she clamped her legs together jerking up and down, as she had another orgasm. 

I kept kissing her lower and lower over her panties to her bush. I could smell the nasty musty odor of her excited pussy. 

I got between her leg, and said. "Bitch spread your thighs wider." 

I kissed, and sucked on the soft sweet moist flesh of her inner thighs, around her cunt passionately, but I didn't kiss it. I wanted to tease her, and bring her to the brink of orgasm. I wanted this slut to beg me, to make her cum. 

She was flexing her back, and was screaming at me.

"You Fucking Bastard. Eat Me, Eat Me, make me cum, you Bastard."

Now she was whimpering almost crying begging me, to make her cum, pleading with me, 

"I can't take it anymore. I need to cum." 

I nudged my head between her thighs, and sucked on the crotch of her drenched panties.I rubbed my nose between her pussy lips from back to front. I kissed, and licked her slit through her soaked panties. 

Smelling that nasty musty odor of her twat was driving me nuts. She was squirming around trying to get my tongue on her clit, begging me softly almost under her breath, 

"Oh please, stop teasing me," I put my hands under her ass, as I buried my face in her crotch. As I licked her clitoris through her panties, her body started jerking wildly, she wrapped her legs tightly around my head, bucking her hips up pushing her cunt in my face.

Her juices were leaking out of her through her panties,into my mouth. She collapsed gasping for breath, calling me a 

"fucking son of a bitch." 

I got off the bed, and stripped. My penis was rock hard, sticking straight out, dripping pre cum. 

Kitty was still breathing through her mouth, with her eyes closed. I couldn't resist, I position myself, so my cock was over, her mouth. I leaned against the wall, holding myself up with one hand. 

My other hand was around my cock. I rubbed the head of my cock across her lips. She sucked me like a lollipop, I fucked her face, for just a few strokes. 

Holding my cock in my hand in front of her face, I asked her, 

"Bitch, where do you want this next?"

she replied, 

"I want it in me,I want you to fuck me, with it you bastard."

She closed her legs and lifted her hips. As I peeled her soaked panties off, and dropped them on the floor. She nodded her head, and moaned,

"OOOOh Yessssss."

As I got between her legs, she parted her thighs wider. I nudged the head of my cock just inside her hole, she's so tight I was afraid. I was going to hurt her. She arched her back, and whispered,

"push it all the way in."

I entered her incredibly tight, warm, moist hole, in one slow steady push. As my cock entered her, stretching her open, filling her with penis, she closed her eyes, sucked in breath, sighing. 

"Aaaaah"

she lifted her hips, to get me in deeper. I was in her, so far the head of my cock was against her cervix.I started slowly at first, but she urged me, to do it harder, she was moaning, and squirming around under me, pushing herself up, as I slammed down into her, the head of my penis, was banging into her cervix. She was going nuts, just like a slut in heat. She was begging me, as we fucked wildly, 

"oooh please make me cum, uhhh please, I want to feel you to cumin in me. Oh please, make me cum,cum in me. I want to feel you shooting your jism, In me."

As her orgasm took over her, she went, so rigid she started to quiver, as more of her secretions leaked of her. As I felt her reach her orgasm, I couldn't hold back any longer. I erupted in my own body shaking orgasm, spurting my last few drops of sperm inside her. 

We collapse together in a heap, panting like dogs on a hot summer day.

We laid there for while, not saying a word, we were to exhausted to speak. I had no idea what to say to her anyway. I still couldn't believe, I got this lucky.

Finally Kitty asked,

"What time is it?" 

I told her, and she said. 

"Oh Shit, I have to meet the kids at school in a few minutes." 

As we got dressed, she said, 

"that was fun, we have to do it again some time." 

I *WINKED* and said. 

"Anytime you have a fantasy Bitch, let me know? I'll be glad to help you with it." 

She laughed and kissed me, good bye. 

I watched her sweet ass jiggling, as she ran down my driveway.

I went out on the porch to enjoy this beautiful fall day, and to checkout all the young Mommy's, walking their kids home from school.

I love Girl Watching. 

The End.