 I never thought I'd be so annoyed to make eye contact across the room with a sexy girl at a party. 

But while I sipped from a cup of beer in the corner of the room, I locked eyes for a second with the one girl I'd been trying to avoid all night — Marie. Most guys would have been thrilled to stare into those eyes; deep brown and oddly tantalizing, they made Marie a favorite among guys in our high school class. She was relatively fit, but didn't have the usual awesome chest or butt that teen guys fawned over. But those alluring eyes drew tons of hopeless crushes over the years, who she'd flirt with — or hook up with as we got older — and then leave behind. 

Tonight she wore short jean-shorts and a loose black shirt that hung over one of her shoulders, showing a black bra strap. Very hot. 

Despite all that, I groaned when her eyes widened and she started to hurry over to see me. 

"Stan!" 

I smiled and reluctantly hugged her. I didn't want to seem like a jerk. 

"Well, we have some things to talk about," she said, getting right down to business.

"Like what?" I joked. 

She hit me on the arm. "Like how you and Carla broke up and I don't even know what happened."

There it was. The reason I didn't want to talk to Marie. She had been a good friend of Carla, who I dated all of senior year. Carla and I decided to try long-distance when we went off to college, going to school in different states. It didn't work — things got stale, we ran out of things to talk about on the phone every night, she started bitching at me more often than not, and we decided to end it at the start of second semester. 

Now it was everyone's first summer back from school, and I had figured this day would come. 

"Long distance didn't work out," I shrugged, summing it up. 

"We all thought you guys were going to get married," she said, referring to their little clique of five friends. "I couldn't believe it."

"What's she said about it?" I asked. I hadn't hardly talked to her since we broke up. I was sure she was going to be bitter at me forever. 

Marie rolled her eyes. "None of us have really even talked to her about it. She doesn't come to our get-togethers and we can hardly get her to answer our texts."

I knew all about that. Their group of friends was inseparable in high school and tried to make an effort to meet up somewhere once a month during the school year — "Friends Forever!" type stuff. Carla complained to me a lot that she didn't have time to keep doing that with all her schoolwork. It was one of the many things I sat and listened to her bitch about for so much of the year. She was taking summer classes, so she didn't come back to our hometown for the summer — and would go on not seeing her old friends. 

"It's like she stopped caring if we were still friends," Marie said. 

"Sounds like you know a little bit what happened with her and me then," I shrugged and smiled. I had been pretty sad for a little bit, but then I realized it was almost freeing not to have to spend an hour every night forcing a depressing conversation. You could say I was pretty well over the break-up by this point. 

"Yeah, I guess I do," Marie looked past me, like she was thinking hard. Then her eyes lit up. "Let's go dance," she said, grabbing me by the hands. 

Woah. Marie dragged me toward the basement, where a heavy bump-and-grind rap song was playing and tons of our old class-mates were having a dance party. 

I didn't even know how to react. Marie had developed a pretty well-known reputation as one of the easier girls in our grade. Carla used to tell me some of the things she said in "girl talk," about how she loved giving blow-jobs and how each new guy felt like an adventure to her. I also learned that Marie liked to talk dirty during sex. Carla said she'd feel awkward doing that — I quickly pretended to agree.

This obviously aroused more than a few fantasies. Her cheery, sunny personality and those brown eyes, combined with the knowledge that she was so aggressive sexually, made her seem hot to a tied-down guy like me. But I hardly entertained the thought of anything happening. This was one of my ex-girlfriend's closest friends. 

And now, like a flip had switched, she was dragging me to a dance floor. I tried to stay calm and not assume too much about her intentions. 

When we got down to the basement and forced our way into the middle of the dense crowd, she wasted no time turning around and grinding her ass onto my crotch. Not sure what to do, I followed "grinding" protocol: put my hands on her hips and swayed with her. 

As the song picked up speed, she tilted her head back onto my shoulder, reached behind her and grabbed the pockets of my shorts. I had a nice view down her low-cut top, and her chest was starting to glisten with sweat as we danced in the hot basement.

I felt like we had moved past the friendly-dancing zone, and started getting erect between my legs pretty quickly. When she felt it, she turned around with a shocked smile on her face. 

"You naughty boy," she grinned. I had never seen this side of her before, but I'd pictured it a few times. She leaned in and whispered, "I've got some booze upstairs. Wanna go have a drink?"

I stared at her for a minute. I had only had sex with Carla going into college, and after we broke up I was so not used to picking up girls at the bar that I'd only had one drunken hook-up the rest of the year. This was out of my comfort zone. "Is this some kind of joke? Aren't you violating girl code or something?" 

She gave an impossibly sexy smirk. "Not our code," she said. I had no idea what she meant. But I was too shocked and horny to care. I nodded my head, and she dragged me by the hand up the stairs. 

She kept her bottle of whiskey in the bedroom of the party's host — a rich girl whose parents were out of town. We went into the room, and she closed the door behind us, the sexy smirk showing up again when she locked the door. 

She pulled the whiskey out of the closet and poured two shots, handing one to me. We clinked the glasses together and downed the shot. I grimaced at the sharp whiskey sliding down my throat. 

By the time I opened my eyes again, Marie was kissing me. She wrapped both arms around my neck and slid her tongue in my mouth, breathing heavily while we made out. I reached my arms around and cupped her ass, making her kiss me even more forcefully. 

She broke our kiss and stared hungrily at me for a minute, panting from the intense kissing. Then she pushed me backward onto the host girl's bed, climbing on top of me and slowly kissing her way down my neck. When she reached my collar, she started unbuttoning my shirt, kissing my bare chest where each button had been. After she reached the bottom button, she moved back up and attacked my mouth with hers again. This time I yanked the bottom of her shirt up, and she stuck her hands up and let me take it off. 

Her tits, relatively small but well-shaped, sat in a lacy black bra. She wriggled her way back down my stomach and started unbuckling my belt. At this point, everything was so surreal I had to stop for a second and get my bearings. 

"Marie, wait — I'm really confused," I stuttered, feeling for all the world like a huge pussy. 

She looked up at me, laying on my back, and laughed, a cute little giggle complementing those brown eyes, now burning with desire. "I'll explain later," she said. "But let's just say I knew we were going to be doing this as soon as I heard you guys broke up."

She unbuckled my belt, popped open my khaki shorts and pulled down my zipper. Looking up at me with an intentionally dramatic, wide open-mouthed smile, she pulled my shorts down and my dick sprang out. 

Marie gasped, and then laughed again — I was pretty sure it was a delighted squeal and not a mean snicker. "None of us knew if Carla was telling the truth or not," she smiled up at me. "She was."

"What?" I asked, my head now fully spinning. But without an answer, she put my cock in her mouth and sucked on the head. She took it in about halfway down and came back up, releasing it with a pop. 

"You taste good, Stan," she said, like she was a sexy teacher grading an assignment. "Sit up." 

I sat up on the edge of the bed and she knelt down in front of me, lowering her mouth onto my dick again. She massaged my balls while she bobbed up and down, swirling her tongue around the head on her way up. At one point she took it out of her mouth and licked up and down, covering all sides like it was a lollipop. 

It was beyond amazing. 

I noticed she was still wearing that black bra, and I reached around and unfastened it. It fell to the floor, and she looked up at me. Her breasts now free, she rubbed my cock against them for a minute before continuing the fantastic blowjob. 

"You know I love doing this, right?" she said. "Carla must have told you." I nodded. "Do you like it?" I nodded again, faster this time. "Do you want to come on my face?" I nodded. "That'll have to be later," she said, teasing. "My friends want to leave soon, and I can't have cum all over me," she said between licks. "I'll have to swallow it this time." 

She put the head back in her mouth. After three more bobs up and down, I had gone over the edge. 

"Fuck, Marie — I'm gonna come."

She stopped bobbing, keeping her lips just over the head of my dick, and worked the shaft. Then, the sexiest thing I'd ever seen: My ex's topless friend looked right into my eyes and held an intense eye contact with me while I blew my load into her mouth. I shot at least three thick ropes, and she took it all — looking up at me with those impossibly sexy eyes the whole time. 

After she was done, she giggled again and started to put her clothes back on. "I wish there was time for more," she said. "But my ride's going to be leaving in 10 minutes."

I had questions. 

"What did you mean Carla wasn't lying? And that you knew we'd be doing this?" 

She smirked. "Girl talk," she said. "You're coming over to my house tomorrow and I'll tell you everything. And you'll return that favor. Okay?" She turned around to leave, then stopped at the door and turned back. Her big smile told me her dramatic gesture was intentional. She was milking this mysterious temptress angle.

"You're going to have a fun summer," she said. Then she left, and I went back downstairs to join the party. 

*****

I wound my way through some residential streets in my car, the GPS in my phone directing me to Marie's address. I was fairly nervous about all this — I had never really been a ladies' man, as much as a committed boyfriend and then an awkward, newly single college freshman. 

But after the amazing blowjob at the party last night and the way Marie hinted — or flat-out said — that more was coming today, I had butterflies in my stomach when I drove up to her driveway. I was also really anxious to hear her explanation for some of those cryptic, sexy things she had been saying. 

I knocked on her door and she opened it. Marie looked amazing in a tight white tank-top with a blue bikini top underneath. It didn't quite cover her belly-button, and below that was only a matching bikini bottom. 

"Hey Stan," she gave a knowing smile. "Come in." 

I followed her into the house. 

"Sorry about what I'm wearing. I just got out of the hot tub out back." 

"I don't mind," I said. 

"I figured," she purred. And before there was any chance for me to make things awkward, she pulled me to her and planted a wet kiss on my mouth for about ten seconds. "That was fun last night, huh?" She grinned into my mouth. 

She was so overtly sexual that I felt all my shyness going away. I had to keep up with her. "I think I owe you," I whispered back. 

I grabbed her legs and lifted her up, her thighs wrapped around my torso as I carried her over to the couch. She let out a big, surprised laugh and rubbed my face into her chest. I set her down on the nearest couch and started to kiss her neck. 

Then I had an idea. 

"Why don't you fill me in on those secrets from last night while I pay you back," I said. She smiled and pulled my face to hers, kissing me again. 

"Well I guess I should start at the beginning," she said, pushing my head down her body. I gladly obliged, kneeling down in front of her and untying her bikini at the sides. I'd done this plenty of times to my ex, so I knew how to get her worked up. I started kissing around her thighs and stomach, using my tongue with each kiss. She closed her eyes and sighed.

"So, the five of us share everything," she said, referring to her and Carla's small clique. "At our get-togethers, we drink a little bit and talk, and the conversation always gets around to our boys and — ahhhhh my gosh," she gasped as I first licked up her slit. 

"We talk about what we do sexually with — oh, fuck — with you guys. And two summers ago, we came up with an idea, or like, a pact. I think it was Christine who... oh my god that feels good.... Christine said we all knew so much about each others' sex lives, it was like we had hooked up with each others' boyfriends.

"And so we decided — " she stopped talking for a few seconds, scrunching her eyes shut and opening her mouth wide, "that whenever one of us broke up with a boyfriend, all the rest of us would... oh, stay right there... would fool around with him." 

She was panting by now while I licked and sucked on her clit, and she was writhing her hips up and down while I worked. But the end of that story surprised me so much I had to stop and look up at her sexy face. 

"You mean, whichever of you are single at the time?" I said. 

She raised her eyebrows at me and shook her head, her face flushed. 

"So, when Lauren broke up with Scott last year — " 

"Carla and him hooked up," Marie said matter-of-factly. "We all do it, and don't tell whatever boyfriends we have."

Surprisingly, I wasn't mad about this. Again, I was fully over Carla, and now I was benefitting pretty well from their weird little tradition. With Marie's pussy sitting just in front of my face, I shrugged and went back to licking it. 

"Ohhhhhmygod," she moaned. "I knew you were going to be good at this from Carla, but Jesus. Oh, Suck that clit. I'm close. I'm going to come, I'm going to come I'm gonna come...." She stopped and went rigid. I kept furiously working my tongue, and after a few seconds she let out a loud, high-pitched squeal and started rolling over onto her side with my head still between her legs. 

She lay back and let my head go, panting. 

"Stan," she said breathlessly. "Let's go fuck in the hot tub."

Marie stood up and yanked my plain white t-shirt off my body. After the break-up, I had recommitted to working out and eating better, and I was glad now. I wasn't ripped, but I was lean. Marie eyed me up and down as she worked off my khaki shorts and then took off her tops. 

We stood there entirely naked and then ran giggling out to the hot tub, jumping right in so nobody would see us. I sat on one of the benches and she moved right over and straddled me, her pussy rubbing against my now-raging boner. We furiously made out for about a minute, her moaning into my mouth and pulling my hands onto her breasts. 

"We always talked about cock size," she said. "Carla bragged about yours. She was the only one who could never fit her guy's dick all the way into her mouth," she said. 

"Really?" I was surprised. 

"It was the first one I haven't been able to," she grinned. Marie wasn't shy about her sexual aggression. "I've actually been really looking forward to this ever since you guys broke up." 

Her eyes rolled back, looking up at the sky as my dick poked the entrance of her slit. She put her forehead to mine and looked me in the eye. "Fuck me," she commanded. 

I moved so my cock slid into her. We both let off identical groans, and then laughed at the coincidence. She started riding me, slowly at first. Hardly able to believe what was happening, I kissed up and down her neck, turned on by the though of leaving her hickeys.

After a few minutes, she started moving her hips faster, letting out a high-pitched whimper on each downstroke. "You feel so good in me," she whispered. "I bet you never thought you'd be naked in the hot tub with your girlfriend's friend, did you?" she teased.

"Can't say I didn't fantasize about it," I said. 

"That's so hot," she groaned. "Did you ever think about me while you fucked Carla?" 

I nodded, still sucking her neck. She growled in ecstasy and we made out again, as furiously as ever. Her riding got faster still and her moans louder, until she exploded. 

"Oh my FUCKING GOD I'M COMING!" she shouted at the sky. Neighbors had to hear, if they were home. Marie didn't care. "Oh, fuck Carla had it good! Oh god, don't stop!" 

She came down from her orgasm, kissed me again, and slid off me. She pushed me up and I sat on the side of the tub. Just like last night, Marie started blowing me. She hadn't lost her touch since last time. Her swirling tongue and massaging hands had me ready to come in about twenty seconds. I let her know, and she popped my dick out of her mouth and aimed it at her face. 

"Gimme that cum, Stan," she whispered. I came. The first stream jetted over her head, directly into the hot tub. The rest landed on her face, running from her chin to her forehead. She giggled afterward, kissed the tip of my cock, and said, "Let's go talk about the other girls now."