 Mark picked up the remote control that was on the end table by the couch and turned on the stereo to some soft rock music, the volume down low. He slid his hands beneath her shirt and caressed her breasts, his palms rubbing gently over her hardened nipples, which were evident through the thin fabric of her black lace bra. Carol sat back and took off her shirt and bra, then stood and slid her mini skirt and stockings off after kicking off her black leather pumps. She sat back down, wearing only her black lacy thong panties. Mark smiled that wicked little sexy smile that first attracted Carol to him and she knew that he wanted to go to the bedroom. He stood up and held his hand out to her. She put her hand in his and they went to the bedroom after he picked up her clothes for her. 

They went in his room and he put her clothes on the dresser. She sat on his bed, where she had sat many times before, and watched him undress. When he was down to just his red boxers, he sat on the bed beside her and pulled her into his arms, kissing her deeply and passionately, his tongue caressing hers and his hands sliding all over her body, cupping her breasts and slipping down between her legs to caress her intimately. His fingers slid beneath the band of her thongs to slip into her damp folds of woman flesh, which were completely shaved, just the way he liked it. Mark looked into her eyes and said, "I love you so very much, Carol. Spend the night with me, baby, please?" 

She nodded and said, "Oh Mark, my lover, my soulmate, you don't have to ask me to stay. You know I will if you bring me here." Mark smiled and kissed her again. 

He removed his underwear and then slid hers off of her as well, so they were both completely naked. He laid on the bed and pulled her to lay with him. He caressed her soft silky skin, which carried the soft scent of jasmine and musky femininity. That scent alone always drove him wild with desire for her, to feel her caress him intimately and feel her body wrapped around his as they made love. He knelt between her legs and began to lick her and caress her with his fingers and tongue, licking the dew that was gathering on her flesh. 

He growled softly and licked his lips, tasting her sweetness on his lips. His fingers plunged into her wetness and he began making love with his hand as his tongue did its magic on her clit. She reached down and put her hands in his hair, massaging his scalp as he licked her down there, and gently pressed his face into her more. She tensed up and he felt her muscles tighten around his fingers as she reached her orgasm. Her juices flowed over his hand and tongue, and he greedily licked them up. 

After he licked her clean, he sat up on the bed beside her and she began caressing his limp shaft, licking and stroking it, and watching it "grow" before her very eyes to its full, hard nine inch length. She licked off the droplets of moisture gathered at the head and then took him into her mouth as much as she could, which was about only half of him without gagging, and caressed him with her tongue and hands, stroking him from tip to balls and back up again. Within moments, he was climaxing into her mouth, his cum coating her tongue and dripping off of her chin onto her chest. "Ohhhhh baby, that is so good! You have a magic touch, my love." he said huskily as she laid beside him on the bed. 

She smiled and said, "You do too, dear. I love your magic tongue and fingers when they work their magic on my body." She kissed him then laid her head on his shoulder, her right arm draped across his chest as they rested for a few moments before they made love.

After about fifteen minutes of resting and talking, Mark moved between Carol's legs and slowly entered her. He made love to her slowly, enjoying the feelings that he was producing in her body. Her arms were up on his shoulders, her nails digging into his skin as she whispered his name over and over again. Her legs were raised up and bent at the knees as he made love to her. He suckled on her breasts, one then the other as she met his thrusts with her hips as he sped up, moving within her harder, deeper and faster. He felt her muscles tighten around his shaft as her orgasm hit hard, her fingers sunk into his shoulders hard as she squeezed his shaft, coaxing forth his own release, which came within seconds, his hot semen shooting deep inside her pussy, pulsing and throbbing within her as she screamed his name when another climax hit her. 

"Oh my God, Mark! That was totally incredible, baby! Mmmmmmmmm, you are soooo wonderful! I love you so very much darling!" she said breathlessly as he collapsed on top of her, his weight supported on his elbows. 

"I love you just as much, my dear, if not more! You are wonderful as well, baby." he said as he withdrew from her and laid beside her on the bed, pulling her to him as he pulled a blanket up over them. Carol tried to hide a yawn with her hand, but Mark saw it. "Aww, is my baby getting sleepy now?" he asked tenderly. She nodded, and yawned again. He got up from the bed and went to lock the front door and turn off the stereo and lights, then came back into the bedroom and closed the door before getting back in bed. "Go to sleep, dearest. You aren't going anywhere tonight. Good night, baby." he said softly. 

She smiled sleepily at him and said, "Good night darling, and thank you for having me spend the night with you tonight." She snuggled closer to him as he put his arm around her and held her close, then they both fell asleep for a few hours before Mark woke her up to make love again during the night.

The next morning, Mark woke up before Carol did, and went to make breakfast. He let her sleep as he cooked eggs, bacon and toast for her, with coffee and fresh orange juice for her to drink. When he carried the breakfast tray into the bedroom, she was sitting up on the bed, petting Bruno. The dog was on her side of the bed with his front paws and his head on her lap, his tongue lolling out as she scratched his ears for him. Mark smiled and said gently, "Bruno, out now." The dog immediately got off the bed and went out the door to the kitchen, where his food was waiting for him. Mark placed the tray over Carol's legs and sat beside her. "I thought you might enjoy breakfast in bed this morning, my dear. You had a very busy night last night." he said with a chuckle. 

She smiled and said, "Well, a certain gentleman seemed to have an equally busy night, if I remember correctly. Would you like to share my meal with me, dear?" 

He shook his head and said, "I ate while I was cooking your breakfast, baby. I wanted to let you sleep a bit longer this morning, but I guess Bruno didn't let you, did he?" 

She smiled and said, "Bruno woke me gently with a few licks on my hand, but that's ok, dear. I didn't mind it, really."