 "So who's next?" Marie smiled at me. 

We had dried off and put our clothes back on after a hot-tub sex session, and were now sitting on her couch. I was still trying to wrap my head around an arrangement I'd stumbled into: My ex-girlfriend's clique of friends passed around a guy whenever one of the girls broke up with him. 

I had broken up with Carla during our first year of college. Now back home for the summer, her sexually aggressive friend Marie had made a move on me and told me about the deal. 

"Uh, I don't know. Who would you pick?" I said.

My choices were: Anne, who was going to school on a track scholarship and had the tight body to match; Christine, a shy-but-cute girl who had won our senior yearbook's "Devil in Disguise" award (and had a twin brother who I was pretty good buddies with); Makenzie, the beauty-pageant prom queen with the unbelievable rack; and Lauren, Carla's closest friend who had a boyfriend I'd gotten to know over several double-dates. 

"Who's the hottest? Besides me, of course," she said, tossing her hair sarcastically. 

"You're all super hot," I said hesitantly. "I couldn't pick."

"Let me guess," she rolled her eyes. "Makenzie."

I blushed and smiled. "Real original," she said, punching my arm. Marie's phone buzzed. She looked at it, broke into a smile, and said, "I think our decision's been made for us.

"Hey Anne!" she answered. The track star. Now that I knew who I'd be doing this with next, my cock twitched in anticipation. An image of her tan, taut legs and sexy flat stomach ran through my head. 

"You'll never guess who I'm with right now," Marie said. She looked at me and smiled. "She guessed it right away!" she said to me. "Yes, we did. It was super hot," she smiled, rubbing my crotch. Her mouth fell open when she felt it was already hard again. "So, your turn next? Awesome. Here, I'll put him on." 

She handed me the phone, to my surprise. I wasn't ready to talk to Anne in these circumstances — especially as Marie knelt down in front of me and unbuckled my shorts. 

"Uh, hello?" I said awkwardly. 

"Oh hey, Stan," Anne said in an exaggerated, fancy-seeing-you-here way. Right as she said it, Marie stuck her tongue out and licked from my balls up to the head of my dick. Less than an hour after cumming all over her hot tub, and I almost shot it right there and then. 

"What's up?" I said, looking up at the ceiling. 

"You know, nothing much. You have fun with Marie?" she chuckled. 

"Uh, yeah. Lots of fun. I was surprised to hear about your guys' little arrangement." Marie had half my dick in her mouth, and was moaning loudly — I think trying to let Anne hear what was happening. 

"That's part of the fun. Every guy we pass around can hardly believe himself." She spoke fairly matter-of-factly about it. "So, you want to meet up tomorrow night for dinner?" 

"For sure. Should I pick you up at like six, and we can go out somewhere?"

"Sounds good. As long as we go back to my place for dessert," she said flatly. She hung up, and I looked down and made eye contact with sexy Marie. That was it: For the third time in 12 hours, she brought me to an intense orgasm. For the second time, she happily swallowed all of it. 

———

I knocked on Anne's door and she quickly answered with a big smile. 

"Stan!" she said warmly, and pulled me in for a hug. She smelled like flowers, and looked drop-dead sexy in short white shorts and a yellow t-shirt that accentuated her tan skin. Her dirty blonde hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail. 

We walked to my car, drove to the restaurant, and sat down. The entire time, we made incredibly natural, easy conversation. While Marie liked to act like a little minx, all sexy giggles and innuendo, Anne was more straightforward. We caught up about school, she told me about how much work it was to be on the track team, she asked a little bit about my and Carla's break-up. 

It wasn't even awkward, and you'd hardly know from our conversation that we both knew we were going to end up with our clothes off later. I found myself really enjoying Anne's company. 

We both ordered a cheeseburger and ate slowly. She blushed a little bit after ordering hers. "It's the offseason," she shrugged. 

"Oh please," I waved my hand dismissively. "You could anything you wanted."

After we ate and paid, she turned serious. "I haven't eaten a meal like that in a while. And I also never worked out today."

I thought I knew where this was going, but I just looked at her. 

"So we need to go burn some calories," she said. 

———

"Let me watch you undress," she said with a smirk. We were back at her house — her parents convenienty gone for the weekend. Anne, apparently, wasn't much for foreplay. 

I did what she said, taking my shirt off and then my socks and finally dropping my shorts. I felt a little judged by this athletic specimen, but she grinned in approval. 

"My turn?" I asked. 

Without a word, she pulled the bottom of her shirt up over her head. Being so fit, she didn't have much in the breast department. But that didn't make her toned body any less hot — a slight four-pack rippled on her stomach, and her hip bones protruded, leading tantalizingly down below her waist. 

She unbuttoned her short shorts and bent over, pulling them down, exposing more of her muscular legs. Then she took off her bra and panties, and we were both naked. 

After a minute, she ran at me and jumped up into my arms, wrapping her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist. I caught her, and she wasted no time reaching down and positioning my dick at the head of her slit. And she wasn't kidding about burning calories: Anne started lifting herself up and down using my shoulders and her legs, working her core muscles while we started fucking. 

She closed her eyes and her face turned red, and she tilted her head back. As she furiously lifted herself up and down and my dick plunged into her again and again, my leg muscles started to burn from supporting us. That was the point, I supposed. And anyways, her tight pussy around my dick was distracting enough. 

"Yes," she whispered, more to herself than to me. "Fuck, that's good." She started biting my collarbone, seemingly to keep herself from screaming. 

Again, I noticed a contrast to her friend. While Marie was all about teasing and provoking her sexual partner, Anne seemed to pretty much see an erect dick as a way to get herself off — and get a workout in. Not that I was complaining. 

And then she did something amazing. She let go of my shoulders and leaned slowly back, showing off her strong abs, until she was hanging upside down. She put her hands on the ground and arched her back, and started essentially doing upside-down pushups with my dick inside her. 

The view I now had of me penetrating her every time she pushed herself up was amazing. Anne started moaning, first lowly and then louder and at a higher pitch. 

"Oh god, I'm cumming," she moaned. "Oh shit oh shit." It wasn't a loud orgasm, but when she lifted herself back up to eye level, her face was bright red and she was out of breath. Now that she had orgasmed, she remembered I was there and planted a kiss on my mouth, wrestling her tongue with mine. This girl was a sexual animal. 

She hopped off, grabbed my erect dick and pulled me by it into the kitchen. "Time for some dips," she smiled. 

She put her hands behind her and placed them on the counter, then wrapped her legs around my waist again. Now supporting her weight on the counter, she started thrusting her hips back and forth between me and the counter, again using my dick to get herself off. 

Her eyes scrunched tight again, and she went back to her "happy place," whispering to herself and turning red in the face. Just as she was reaching her peak a second time, I felt the familiar stirring in my balls. 

"Anne, I'm gonna come," I groaned. 

"I'm on the pill. DO NOT pull out," she growled. 

Yes ma'am. I thrusted a few last times and then started spurting into her pussy. She moaned as she felt it, and then gasped sharply as it sent her over the edge, too. 

I set her down. We were both sweating and panting. She smiled at me. "Thanks for the workout," she winked. "Want to go clean up in the shower?"