 #01: "Chick Flick"

I met Adrianna at a cafe earlier in the week and we got into a conversation about movies. I prefer the summer-blockbuster-car-chase-shoot-em-up type of movie, while she was a fan of the infamous chick-flick. 

Along with the conversation, there was some serious flirting. It appeared that she was into me, and I KNEW that I was into her. She was wearing a not-so-revealing business suit, but I was still able to see her beauty. She was fairly tall - about 5' 8" - still short of my 5' 11" frame, but not at all short. She was also pretty shapely for a taller girl. I'd say her dimensions were about 36-32-38 with B-cup breasts, but as I said earlier, she was wearing a business suit that hid most of her features from my view. However, what I could see was very enticing...

After talking for about an hour or so, we each ordered another drink and exchanged phone numbers. She then made a proposal to me:

"You will call me, right?"

"Of course," I said with a smile.

"Well, how about we make up our minds about our first date?"

She was obviously a matter-of-fact kind of woman.

"Sure," I said.

"How about a movie, since we're on the subject?"

"Alright," I said. "Which one would you like to see?"

"Well, I still haven't seen Bridget Jones' Diary."

Under normal circumstances, I would never EVER see this movie, being the macho-movie kind of guy I am. Nevertheless, I considered this woman to be slightly out of my league, so I would take a chance if I had to. I still wanted to check if I could choose the movie, though.

"Hmmm. How about American Pie 2," I asked.

"How about this," she suggested, "we'll chug these coffees for it. Whoever drinks theirs first gets to choose the movie."

I had never chugged coffee myself, nor had I met anyone who did until now. They were still hot. On one hand, I didn't want to burn myself, but I also didn't want to disappoint her, so I agreed. 

I lost by a long shot. I wasn't even half-way finished when she put her cup down. 

"Finished, and we'll be seeing Bridget Jones' Diary," she declared.

Though I was disappointed in having to see the chick flick, it was nothing compared to the satisfaction of being able to go on a date with this very hot girl. I told her I would pick her up, and she told me that we should see the movie on Thursday night. I thought it was an odd night to see a movie, but I agreed. -------------------------------------------------- Thursday came and I was still deciding on what to wear. I finally called Adrianna, asking her first if the date was still on, and then what she was going to wear.

"Oh, just dress casual," she said. "See you soon!"

I quickly got dressed and headed out the door. When I got to her apartment, I realized that our interpretations of "casual" were very different. There I was in an American Eagle t-shirt, jeans with rips at the knees, and a pair of well-used sneakers. She was looking comparatively elegant in her zipped-up coat, matching mini-skirt and knee-high boots.

"Oh, man. You look absolutely amazing," I said.

"Don't worry about it. I always overdress," she said with a wink... ------------------------------------------------- We arrived at the theater with plenty of time to spare. Lucky for Adrianna, this was the last showing of Bridget Jones' Diary. I offered to pick up refreshments while she picked out some seats for us. I bought a box of popcorn and a large soda for us to share, and headed into the theater.

The theater was almost completely empty. There were a couple of older couples near the front in the floor seating, while Adrianna chose the very last row. I got into the seat as soon as the previews started. I gave her the drink to hold while I kept the popcorn. Naturally, after the previews, the movie started.

She whispered in my ear, "Hey, would you mind if I took off my jacket? I'm hotter than I thought I'd be."

Letting the double entendre slide, I said, "sure."

I was very glad that she did take it off, for underneath was a tight-fitting, white tube-top which showed off some impressive and unexpected cleavage. Based on what I was now seeing, she looked to be on the verge of having D-cup breasts! My pants were beginning to feel a little tight with my growing erection.

The movie was not getting any better, so I decided to watch Adrianna instead. Everything she did was turning me on - crossing her long, sexy legs; sucking the soda from the straw with those wonderful lips... 

Her every action made me think of different steamy scenarios - wrapping those delicious legs around my body, planting those luscious lips around my stiff dick...

Having these thoughts was making my erection bigger and bigger. Luckily, I had the popcorn in my lap. It was the only thing saving me from total embarrassment.

I was looking at her taking another sip of the soda, but this time she caught me. I quickly looked back at the screen, trying to make it seem like I was only glancing at her for a second. Then I felt a squeeze on my thigh. I looked back at her and she had the straw in her mouth and a wicked smile on her face. She winked at me and squeezed my thigh again, a little higher this time. The squeezing and the smiling were doing wonders for my growing erection, but her next action sent me over the edge. She was moving her mouth up and down, up and down on the straw. She was giving her straw a blowjob! While moving the phallic straw in and out of her mouth, she was giving me a very seductive and lustful look.

After she finished the soda, she leaned over and whispered into me ear.

"Did you enjoy that?" she asked.

All I could manage was a nod.

"Do you mind if I finish your popcorn?" she asked.

Before I was able to answer her, she stuck her tongue into my ear. She swirled it around for a good minute, sending waves of pleasure from my ear, down my spine, and into my now rock-hard dick. She then took the popcorn box from my lap, leaving my crotch and my throbbing erection in plain view.

"Mmmmmmm. I guess you enjoyed that, too," she said, finishing off the popcorn.

She then replaced the box onto my lap, but the bottom of it had been removed. I was surprised that I didn't notice her removing the bottom, but I had a good idea of what the reasoning behind it was, so I didn't complain. She reached down through the box and grabbed the fly of my jeans.

"Is this alright?" she whispered.

"Uh-huh" I managed to reply.

With that, she quickly unzipped my fly, took my dick out from my boxer-briefs and began a wonderful hand job. She knew what she was doing. She even used the butter on the edge of the box as lubricant. It was very stimulating, to say the least. I was in such a euphoric state, I hardly noticed when she removed the box and went down on me. Her lips were better than I could've imagined. So soft and warm and wet, providing just the right amount of suction. Her tongue was equally impressive, swirling around the head of my penis with expertise that only comes with experience.

I was about to come, and I think she knew it, because she released the suction on my erection and sat back in her seat. She whispered into my ear:

"How do you feel about making me come before you do?"

Personally, I am a huge fan of giving a girl an orgasm first before I receive one of my own, so I quickly nodded my head yes.

She grabbed my hand and placed it on her thigh; right above her knee. I slowly caressed her upper thigh with the tips of my fingers, slowly working my way up toward her waiting pussy. When my fingers reached their final destination, I was surprised at my discovery. Though she was over-dressed on the outside, she wasn't wearing any panties.

"Do you like that?" she whispered.

"You tell me," I whispered back.

With that, I started to flicker her clit with my middle finger. She moaned out loud. I was kind of scared that someone in the front would hear us, but my raging hormones encouraged me to go on. I slid my middle finger into her wet pussy. It was really tight, and I really had to work to get my finger all the way inside. I was fingering her for a good five minutes, when she gasped:

"Two! Two fingers, please!"

I obliged. I was really working on her now, putting all of my effort into making her come. She finally did, and HARD. I had to cover her mouth with my other hand to keep her orgasm from getting too loud. After she had come down, I noticed that my hand was absolutely soaked. It was like I had just dipped my entire hand into a jar of watered-down honey.

"I'm sorry, baby," she said. "Let me clean that up for you"

She proceeded to lick my entire hand clean of her juices. I didn't think I could get any harder, but if I could have, I did. It was such a turn on to have her licking the palm of my hand, kissing the back of it, and sucking my fingers clean. 

"Your turn, right?" she asked.

"I guess so," I replied.

"The answer to your next question is: Yes, it's safe - I'm on the patch."

For a split second, I didn't know what she meant by that, but when she straddled me and slid my dick into her, I got what she was talking about.

"You just sit there and let me do the work, okay?" she said.

I moaned a "yes."

She then started grinding the rest of my dick into her wet opening. Back and forth, back and forth. It was all I could do to keep from coming right there. He switched things up by bouncing up and down on my dick. Her legs and butt were making slightly audible smacking sounds against my crotch, but at this point I was far from caring about noise. She then did something that I'd never experienced before. She started rotating her hips while I was still inside of her. The sensations on the head of my penis were excruciatingly wonderful. 

While continuing to rotate her hips, she pulled down the front of her tube-top and instructed me to suck on her nipples, which I did with pleasure. I pinched one between my fingers while I lightly bit the other. This was enough to send her into the throes of another orgasm. I felt her muscles contracting around my dick, trying to squeeze the cum out of me, and I also felt her juices dripping down my shaft, eventually trickling over my balls.

She then quickly got up, turned around, and started to ride me in reverse. Her tube-top was still pulled down, exposing her topless body to the entire theater. Luckily, those old couples couldn't hear us over the speakers in the theater. 

"I want to feel your cum squirting into me!" she gasped into my ear.

After hearing that, it didn't take long for me to release everything I had into her. With one final thrust, I let her have all the cum she wanted. I felt my dick contract at least seven times before my orgasm started to subside. We stayed in that position for another tem minutes, trying to recover. She was in my lap, my penis inside of her, her now-confirmed C-cup breasts exposed, and we were both breathing heavily. 

After we were both able to stop breathing through our mouths, she lifted herself off of my softened dick. It made an audible smack when it fell on my soaked boxer briefs. Her last favor for me that night involved her spreading her legs next to me and squeezing all of my cum – which was quite a bit more than usual – and letting it drip onto the seat. 

We reassembled our clothing back to the way it was when we went in, watched the rest of the movie (five minutes worth), and went back to her apartment. Adrianna and I spent many more Thursday nights together at the movie theater after that night...