 All girls in this story are over 18, as noted in chapter 1. Readers should read the first part of this story (Girls Camp! Day 1) before reading this one!

*

I woke up this morning and placed the underwear from the girl I nailed last night with the other two I had been given as a souvenir. I had always liked collecting, but did not expect this.

The day began quite late after a long sleep in for the girls, a cheerleading squad of about 15, the two married teachers, and myself. The kitchen was stocked with cereal for the week and this was the easiest option in the vacancy of any willing cooks. Emma, the female teacher, greeted me with a smile as I entered the small communal hall, remembering my comment about her sexy nightwear last night. She was probably the first one up this morning, and looked fresh. And sexy as ever.

She discussed her plans for the group to go for a hike, and of course I offered to be their guide. So she got the girls ready while I had breakfast and a shower. We left at about 11am.

It was another hot summers day and the girls were again in their shorts. They made sure their friends helped them rub lotion into their backs and covered their legs. I was in awe once again at their collaborative appearance. Despite their varying heights, appearance and ethnicity, they were all toned and skinny, a perfect mix of muscle and flesh in their thighs. How could I not admire such bodies around me.

As I led the group through a bush track I knew well, leading to a waterfall, I overheard the conversation of three girls behind me. It started off as a meaningless rant about their boyfriends, but moved on to the fall in share prices. I was shocked to say the least that girls like these could have such knowledgeable conversations. Economics being the degree I had studied for two years in university, I understood their conversation and was impressed with their insight. I turned to join them and realised one girl had left. Obviously this kind of talk was over her head. 

One girl was a tall, busty south American girl, with legs that never ended and an ass that could keep me in a trance for hours. The other was a smaller girl of a confusing ethnicity. She looked a little bit Asian, with beautiful olive skin and flowing black hair that fell on her small shoulders. Her body was more gentle, and the way she walked was tantalising. I was glad that I had two girls here who could hold an intelligent conversation for the rest of the hike. 

By the time we had arrived, I had learnt all about their ambitions to study at the top universities, and gave them advice based on my own experience. In some ways I was annoyed the walk came to an end, as the other girls gasped in relief that we finally arrived at the water hole. My two friends were dragged away and once again I was left to watch the throng of girls in bikinis splash into the water. This time the two teachers joined them, and Emma ran some underwater training exercises that the girls seemed to enjoy. 

I was talking to Mike, the only other man for the week, about the woes of being a teacher. He was a genuine guy, but far too loud and confident for me to become mates with him. I could imagine the worst of him, but see why Emma married him. Suddenly we heard a yelp form down in the water and saw that one of the girls had hit her head on a rock while underwater. "Great!" I thought, "just what I need." 

It was the Asian girl I had befriended earlier, and she seemed to have taken a pretty heavy knock. The girl who was partly to blame for knocking her off the jumping rock was this stuck-up blonde girl who acted as though she ran the place. I'm sure there were many people who would have liked to slap her in the face. Trained in first aid, I had the girl lying down, and she soon recovered from her dizziness enough to sit up. It was decided that Mike and I would help her back to the camp as she needed to rest. However her friend, the leggy girl, offered to help and go with her, so that Mike could stay and help Emma get the girls back. So with one arm around each of our shoulders, we began the walk back to camp. I talked to them a little bit, but our focus was on keeping the Asian girl on her feet.

By the time we got back to camp, I think we were all tired and grateful to be able to put the girl down in her bed. As her friend bent over to talk to the drowsy girl, her shapely ass was on show for me. Her short denim shorts struggled to contain it, just as her thin top barely contained her wonderful globes. She offered me a seat on her bed in the next room as we both collapsed, tired and hot.

We talked, and being so close to the girl made me realise the smoothness of her skin, the way a little bit of sweat made her cleavage shine delightfully, and her beautiful eyes. She told me she was Brazilian, and I learnt she was a great dancer. I told her to show me and she wasn't shy. A soft music came from a player, and she pulled me up while she started dancing. The way she moved her body was amazing, shaking her hips, rubbing her ass on my crotch. I did little but sway and hold her arms or hands, but she seemed to go with it. Soon we were standing close to each other, she just a little shorter than me so that our eyes looked deeply into one another's. 

As part of the dance, her body swayed against mine, our hands roaming over each other and I copped a lengthy feel of her behind. Her smiles had changed into a more serious look as she kept her face inches from mine. It was begging the question, and I wasn't the one to resist. I pecked her lips, and broke away a few inches. Then she pushed her face strongly into mine and I grabbed her wavy hair and held her. The girl never stopped moving her hips as she pushed me against the wall, grinding her whole body against mine. 

Our kiss became broken and passionate as she sucked on my lips and bit my tongue. It was the best kiss I had ever been in. Her hands roamed over my abs and down to my pants. She unbuttoned them and lowered them all without losing the connection we had going. As she stroked my lengthy cock, I took over. All this passion gave me energy as I turned her and thrust her against the wall. She pulled her top over her head and I plunged my face into her amazing bosom. Sucking on her nipples, her mouth was free to moan in passion, her hands already unbuttoning her shorts. The heat of the moment carried me as I licked and kissed my way over her muscular tummy and pulled down her shorts.

Both my hands pulled her ass into my face as I gave her a tongue fucking to be remembered. One of her hands gripped and plucked her nipple, while the other scruffed my hair and pushed my head into her sex.

In the throws of her first orgasm, she thumped her head against the wall repetitively, until I stood up and kissed her again. I kept my fingers working inside her, shaking two fingers up and down, which resulted in a steady flow of juices. She was ready for me, looking at me with fire in her eyes.

I stood against her, lifting one leg into a standing splits position against her body, and eased my way inside her. The music still played and I rocked with the rhythm until my cock was buried completely inside her. We then picked up the tempo, as I lifted both her legs up to lock around my waist, grabbing hold of her ass from beneath. I then proceeded to nail the beautiful girl against the wall. We took no notice that it was the wall, which on the other side directly was the bed of her injured friend. We made a raucous racket, a painting falling from the wall as I withdrew and thrust powerfully into her over and over. Her amazing arms and legs locked around my body, rubbing against me in a joint sweat. 

Eventually we fell onto her bed, with her on top of me. In this position I was able to enjoy all the south-American had to offer with her gyrating hips. She wobbled insanely on my pole as she leant forward over me, my hands taking advantage of the breasts that fell before me. Both of us were surprised when our Asian friend appeared behind the Brazilian probing her asshole with a lengthy dildo. This pushed her over the edge, starting her second orgasm of the afternoon.

While she lay back and spasmed on the bed, I tended to undressing our little friend. This took little time, as she smiled and made jokes about "starting without her". We were in the sixty-nine position as the slender bodied girl crouched over me and we simultaneously readied the other. I used my thumb to probe her little rosebud while I slurped on her vag, and she seemed to like this. Meanwhile, our leggy friend had rejoined the party and was jointly sucking my cock and kissing her friend. 

I couldn't believe I was having my second threesome of the week, what is with cheerleaders these days? Time passed and the Asian was keen to get some dick in her pussy, so I obliged, pounding into her as she lay on her back with her head just off the edge of the bed. I loved the way her amazingly skinny waist tapered out to her fine ass, so round for me to penetrate. I held her legs wide while her friend returned to some dildo action. Quite soon after I had started fucking her, she held a hand up to my abs, signalling me to stop. I paused and she grinned at me, "In my ass, big boy!" 

I could barely contain myself as this skinny nympho begged me to put my dick in her ass. I slid her over the edge of the bed, slightly knocking her head on the floor. We all laughed and she said she felt a little dizzy, but maybe it was because of the sex. With her shoulders resting on the floor, her lower back rested against the side of the bed, leaving her slender legs hanging over her body and her plump ass sticking up for the taking. She placed her hands on her tight ass cheeks and spread them, leaving a clear view of her puckered rosebud. 

I stood over her, forcing her legs lower with my own, and guided my big sausage into her tightest of holes. We pushed past the pain until once again I could pound into the teen. I found it so hot that she still had her white sneakers on and long pink socks. As her friend got into doggy position placing her cunt over her friends face, I could feel my orgasm building. Her asshole was so tight, and winked around my cock as it slid in. It seemed an unnatural sight seeing a thick object disappearing into the girls little asshole, but felt like heaven. 

I was too caught up pumping my shaft down the mine to react to the come flowing from it's end. Instead, I released two strong blasts of manjuice in her ass, before pulling out and have it dribble down her tummy. Kissing both of them again, I left them to clean each other off, and noticed the dildo was not going away just yet. Before I left I made sure to grab their panties. One larger G-string and a small pair of blue cotton undies added to the collection. 

I left their room feeling very macho and as though I owned the place, wandering naked across the grass, embracing nature and all it had to offer. I dumped my clothes and their panties in my room, and headed down to the river to wash off. I decided they wouldn't be back for a while, so went without cossies. On quiet days I would often come to places like this and swim in the nude. I find it extremely satisfying and somewhat erotic.

Wading around the cool water, I suddenly heard some shouts as excited girls ran down to jump in the river. I pretended as though I was wearing my trunks and welcomed them, asking them about their trip. They were all hot and dirty after the walk back through the bush, and just wanted to freshen up. But they didn't stay in the water for long, leaving after about five minutes without noticing my nude state. All except for the same two cute brunettes as the day before. Again, they approached me and we returned to our rock to slam out another quickie. These girls sure were horny, orgasming several times while I did not empty another load. My cock was still in recovery from earlier.

It was about three when I returned to find everyone having a late lunch in the air-conditioned hall. I loaded a plate with some sandwiches and went to join the two teachers. Emma was just getting up when I heard Mike say, "And get me some more sandwiches too." Emma left the room seemingly annoyed, as her husband shouted out, "Grab me a napkin darl!" When she didn't respond, he turned to me and said, "Can you fetch me a napkin champ?" It was more of a command, and I really just wanted to tell him "fuck off do it yourself," but as I had not sat down yet I went back into the kitchen to get him one. What a lazy ass!

During lunch, one of the girls who I had not really seen, except for some bikini perving, came up to Emma and told her that her shoulders and legs were hurting from the training. Emma asked Mike to give the little girl a massage, but he came up with the excuse that his feet were hurting, and suggested, "how about Lachie does it?" This guy had some hide. But I wasn't too upset because I know quite a bit about body pains and experienced my fair share of massages. I also knew where the massage table was so I volunteered and we headed to the first aid room through a door out the back of the dining hall. 

Following behind the girl, I couldn't help but notice that she looked just like Vanessa Hudgens from high school musical. She was a petite latina with big dark eyes and long wavy hair. As I set up the table she asked if she should take off her top, and I said only if she wanted to, it would make it better. So she pulled her tight tank top over her head revealing a cute bright yellow bra holding in her small breasts. She got up onto the table in her bra and a loose skirt made of a light silky material, lying face down with her head in the hole in the table. As she was quite a small girl, her feet only came down to ¾ of the table.

I rubbed some massage oil into my hands and placed my big hands on her small shoulders. Pressing gently at first I rubbed it in over her shoulder blades, circling over her soft skin to build up some heat. Slowly I increased the pressure and speed, adding more oil when required. She told me it felt really good, but asked to go more on her back. I replied that the oil may ruin the bra, and suggested I just undo the strap. She said yes and I did so, flipping the straps down off her shoulders and back and onto the table. Her entire back was now bare and my hands free to move. But her body was so tiny that still my hands did not have to move much to cover her back. Standing above her head, I pushed my hands up and down her back with more pressure, digging my thumbs into her flesh gently.

Because my hands were so large in comparison to her body, my fingers wrapped around the side of her torso, and I could feel the sides of her fleshy tits. As I got more courageous, my hands went right down to her lower back, pushing the top of her skirt slightly, with my fingers sometimes sliding underneath to catch the top of her bum. Lying face down, her bubble but popped up so desirably that I couldn't help but push the boundaries. 

Soon, though, she asked if I could do her legs, and I moved to the other end of the table. I resumed my long stokes, rubbing the oil into her calves first and then her thighs. Her golden brown skin was shiny with oil and her flesh rippled beautifully beneath my fingers. Her legs certainly had more flesh than her tiny upper body. They were muscular and I could tell where they were tight from over-training. She moaned sometimes in pain as I pushed quite hard, but mainly in the heat of my rubbing, her legs were on fire. 

Again, I pushed the boundaries as I went higher and higher on her thighs, pushing her skirt up from mid-thigh to a scrunched up mess on her ass. My big hands pushed up and the ends of my fingers collided with the bubbly flesh of her bum. Suddenly she reached up to her hips and fiddled with the top of her skirt. Then matter of factly she unclipped her skirt and folded it off her ass to reveal an all but bare teeny bum. Lifting it off the table she dragged the skirt out and tossed it aside, and did the same with her bra, leaving her only in her bright yellow G-string. 

"Please continue, and don't stop at the thighs, please," she moaned through the hole in the table. I carried on rubbing her legs, and as she put it, didn't stop at the thighs. My big hands moved over her smooth globes, almost completely covering her tight butt. This went on for some time as I enjoyed the rippling and bouncing of her ass and thighs, and she enjoyed the heat. I never stopped adding oil when needed.

I asked if her front needed any massage, and she eagerly flipped over to reveal the other side of her rockin' body. Her small breasts, probably an A-cup, jiggled on her small frame, and a small yellow triangle was all that was keeping her from being completely naked. I started up top again, kneading her breasts and abdomen with long powerful strokes and circles. In one long stroke from her shoulders down over her titties, down the sides of her belly, I hooked her G-string in my fingers and continued down her body, taking all the modesty she had left. I then returned to her feet and legs, oiling them up and building up to her pussy, clearly leaking with anticipation.

I paid attention to all the area around her pussy, leaving her waiting and almost pushing her ass off the table to me. Her eyes looked at me in desperation, and when I plunged two fingers straight into her lips of pleasure, her eyes closed and her head rolled back. Her back arched off the table as her entire body tensed and spasmed in an immediate orgasm. I let her ride it out as I went to lock the door.

The feisty brunette was looking at me quivering, and didn't have to tell me what she wanted. I squirted some oil over her cunt, much dripping over her asshole, and I squeezed two fingers in there again. I finger fucked her good while sucking on her clit, building another big orgasm within her. I put my third and fourth fingers into her hole with my palm on top of her pelvis face down. From this position, I rocked my hand up and down, whilst suckling on her little nipples, increasing the moaning coming from the girl. I built up speed and power, stretching her pussy with squishy squelchy sounds coming from my rapid vibrating. Adding more oil, I used all the muscles in my arm to increase the speed and shake my hand as hard and fast as I could. Her screams peaked and all of a sudden, a long squirt of girl-juice went across the room landing on the window. I continued, never letting down, and spray after spray came gushing from the girls little hole. Never before had I seen a girl come this hard, and it aroused me immensely. 

The girls hips bucked out of control and her whole body shook violently in a massive orgasm. I held her down with an arm across her belly, as sound no longer came out of her open mouth. Her eyes rolled to the back of her head as she came down off her high. Her body still jolted uncontrollably, with all control over it now removed. She needed some time to settle down. Sitting close to her head, I took my cock out and started stroking it. I could hear her whispering some Spanish gibberish as she came back from heaven.

It was so hot to hear that I decided she had had enough time, turning her over onto her front and placed a triangular cushion beneath her pelvic region. Her cute ass now sat perched up for me to take, and I knelt up on the table behind her. With a large mirror on the wall, I could enjoy the very erotic view of my big body towering over her tiny one, as I entered into her slippery hole. 

This forced her back to consciousness as she lifted her head in shock with the size of my member. It was a tight squeeze to get inside even with the earlier loosening, but with this girl face down bum up, the leverage I had was perfect. She tried to push herself up into doggy position, but I held her down with a big hand on her back. I rocked my hips in and out of her pussy, and she responded with a torrent of Spanish sentences. It was so hot to hear, only encouraging me further and soon we were in the midst of hot sex. I moved up into her asshole, much to her protest at first, but with plenty of oil all over her ass and hole, my big tool squeezed in and we were rocking with the same momentum. 
