 Here's my story about my night out last week. I've always been a bit of a tart, and to be honest I love male attention. 

I usually go out with a few girlfriends, just to the local bars near to where I live. I decided to dress to kill that night, first I put on my new white bra and knickers set. 

I admired myself in the mirror, I still had a great all over tan from my holiday in Turkey (where I'd spent a fortnight fucking all of the cocktail waiters)and my white undies looked great on me, lacy bra, lacy boy shorts (I don't like those thongs much). 

I pulled on a tight red strappy top which showed off my thirty six D tits perfectly, and a very short tight black skirt that showed off my curvy arse to perfection. I put on my strappy gold sandals, then straightened my shoulder length blonde hair and put on my make up. 

I looked in the mirror again, admiring the fact that at thirty five years old I still looked stunning, even though I say it myself.

Half an hour later the girls and me hit the pubs in Manchester. We were dressed in similar attire, and getting wolf whistles from groups of blokes as we passed. 

The first pub we went into was called the Dog and Gun, where the main room was darkened with flashing lights with throbbing dance music. The girls and I pushed through to the crowded bar, where we ordered large vodka and Red Bulls. 

Two guys got up from their barstools and headed out of the door, so my friend Julie and I went and headed for the now vacant seats. As I climbed onto the high stool, my skirt rode up a little more. 

There were some lads sat opposite, and from the look on their faces I just knew that they could see the white triangle of my panties underneath my tight black skirt.

I winked at one of the lads, a good looking thirty something bloke with short dark hair and a gorgeous smile. He nodded politely, then got up and came over to talk. 

"Can I buy you ladies a drink" he said. 

"Yeah, vodka and Red Bull please" I said, downing what was left of my first one. 

"I'm Adam by the way, what do you like to be called?" 

"I'm Jenny and this is Lucy" I replied. 

Adam went off to the bar and returned with our drinks. 

We thanked Adam for the drinks, and stood chatting for a while. Within a couple of minutes, one of Adam's mates who introduced himself as Steve had joined us, and was soon chatting and flirting with Lucy, leaving Adam and I on our own. We asked Lucy and Steve to keep an eye on the drinks, and headed for the dance floor. 

As we danced, Adam pulled me close to him as we gyrated to the music, and I could soon feel that his cock was starting to get hard in the front of his jeans. I pressed my self against him, and we began to kiss, his tongue exploring my mouth, and I did the same back. 

I could feel my nipples stiffen, and in the darkness of the room he started to move his hands lower; cupping my bum cheeks, which soon started to make me feel extremely horny.We carried on groping and snogging for about ten minutes, and then Adam suggested we go outside for some air. 

Outside it was dark, but the night was pleasantly warm. Adam took me by the hand and led me down an alley at the back of the pub, where we stood and continued to grope each other. 

I put my hand on the bulge in font of his jeans, and he pulled my top from the waistband of my skirt, then pushed his hands up over my belly and then started groping my tits. Our breathing became urgent; I was so horny I wanted him there and then. Adam reached under my skirt, and rubbed my shaven fanny over my knickers. 

"Bloody hell, you're soaking" he said. 

I bit my lip playfully, turned away from Adam, putting my hands on the alleyway wall, and wiggled my arse invitingly. Adam took the hint, and came up behind me. He reached under my short skirt and slowly started to pull my panties down over my arse. 

I opened my legs as far as my knickers would allow, and felt him push two, then three fingers into my soaking hole. Bloody hell I was gagging for it. Adam sensed this and withdrew his fingers. 

There is nothing that gets me hornier than the sound of a belt buckle being undone followed by a zip coming down, especially when I'm adout to be taken from behind.

Adam rubbed his cock against my wet labia, then I felt him slip his cock inside me. Fuck, this felt good. Adam was no disappointment size wise, and I pushed my arse back onto him. He began to thrust into me, slowly at first, then speeding up. I was so turned on I think I came after about a minute, stifling my cries of ecstasy by sucking on my arm so that no one else could hear. 

Adam slowed down a little after I'd finished coming, and then to my surprise pulled his cock out of me. I felt a little disappointed, but not for long, as he was soon back again, but this time rubbing his slippery helmet against my bum hole. 

Without any warning, with a grunt and a thrust he pushed about three inches of cock into my bum. I'd had anal sex before, and I do like it, but this sort of took me by surprise. He continued to thrust deeper and deeper into my arse, lubricated only by my own juices. 

Within a couple of minutes of Adam fucking me up the backside, I felt his cock stiffen, and could feel his cock spasm as his hot sperm pumped deep into my bowels. 

He was grunting and thrusting into me, and I was frantically trying to catch up by rubbing my clit, still supporting myself against the wall with one hand. I did manage to get off again, just as he had finished ejaculating. 

We stood there for a minute of so, until Adam's cock went limp and he slowly withdrew it from my bum. I giggled, and turned and kissed him, pulling my knickers back up and straightening my skirt. 

Adam put his cock back into his boxers, then zipped up his jeans and did his belt buckle back up. We went hand in hand back into the bar, only to pass Lucy with Adam's mate going out into the alleyway. Lucy and I gave each other a knowing wink as we passed......