 Steve's assignments took him to many great places in the world. This happened during his first visit to Paris.

After working all week with his Paris office, the workers decided to take Steve out for drinks and dinner at one of their favorite places. One woman whom he had not worked with but bumped into several times during the week asked to come along and everyone welcomed her company. During drinks Steve found that Giselle did not speak much English and that his French was not as good as he thought; somehow he and Giselle did manage conversation, with help from her co-workers. After many drinks, dinner was served and everyone had a great time. As his hosts were beginning to leave, Giselle grabbed Steve's hand as a sign that she wanted to stay for a while. Steve said to the group that Giselle and he would have another drink and that he would put her in a taxi so that she got home safely. Giselle and he held hands, had a couple more glasses of wine before Steve boldly asked if she would like to come to his room. Giselle responded that she was a tiger and might be too much for him. Steve kissed her and they walked to the elevator to get to his room.

As soon as they were inside, Giselle kissed and stuck her tongue down his throat with such a flicking action that Steve instantly got a hard on that desperately needed to get out of his pants. He started undressing Giselle and found that underneath the prim outfit she wore in the office was a body that was unbelievably firm and shapely. Steve estimated that she was a 34D, 23, 35 and her breasts were the firmest natural breasts he'd ever felt. More unbelievable were her nipples; they were at least 1 ½ inches long and about ½ inch around the pinkest areolas that he'd ever seen. Immediately drawn to those wonderful nipples, Steve sucked like a new born baby until they became bright red and Giselle screamed she was coming. Steve could see her love juices running down her legs. Steve picked her up and carried her to the bed. Giselle got in a doggie position and guided his cock into her waiting pussy. It was so wet that he went all the way in with one thrust and hit the top of her vagina easily. Giselle started pushing back harder and harder to meet each thrust. After 45 minutes, Steve and Giselle were dripping with sweat when she screamed in French that she was coming again. They flopped onto the bed into a spoon position and Steve continued thrusting until his baby juice exploded into her. They fell asleep in this position.

After about 2 hours, Steve felt Giselle squeezing his cock with her pussy and took that as a sign she was ready again for him. Steve rolled her over into the missionary position and entered her slowly, pumping all the way in and pulling all the way out each time. Giselle's body responded to each thrust by bringing her body completely off the mattress to insure that all of Steve's hard cock entered her completely. After 30 minutes of this position, Steve rolled over so that Giselle was on top of him, sitting up and riding his cock. Giselle went crazy in this position, pumping up and down and sucking him with her vagina until Steve screamed that his cock was exploding with such force and amount of cum that he felt dehydrated. Giselle continued to pump and ride until she again came with a torrent of love juices that drenched Steve's legs and body. They fell asleep again with Giselle on top of Steve.

About 1 hour later, Steve felt himself harding again inside Giselle. It felt really good so he decided to start thrusting upwards into her firm body. Giselle responded with a deep kiss and guided his cock to her ass. Steve knew that his size could hurt her so he let Giselle slowly lower her body onto his rock hard cock until he was halfway into her; at this point Giselle let out a cry of ecstasy and let the rest of Steve into her. After savoring the feeling of having him in another hole, Giselle started pumping up and down until she was moving at such a frantic pace that Steve thought his cock would break off inside of her. Some women say that they cannot orgasm thru anal sex but Giselle really got off and gushed her love juices again onto Steve's body. Giselle tried to hold him inside of her but alas Steve's cock fell out and they feel asleep in each other's arms, kissing and feeling each other's bodies.

Steve awakened about 1 hour later to find Giselle sucking his cock back to life. She said in her very sexy French/ English "I want more". Steve needed no more encouragement and pushed her onto two fluffy pillows, one under each check of her ass. With this position, Steve went right into Giselle and the friction of his cock on her clit took her right over the edge with only 10 strokes. Steve needed about 1,000 strokes to unleash his baby juice and Giselle kept coming and coming until she screamed that she thought she would die. Steve started squirting so much cum that he deposited so far inside of Giselle that nothing was leaking out of her after 1 hour. They fell asleep again.

The first light of dawn awakened both of them and Steve got a great look at those wonderful nipples and the breasts that held them. Steve started sucking on them again and to his amazement they hardened again to that bright red color and Giselle started moaning so loud, Steve was sure that the room next door could hear. Giselle's moaning was just what his cock needed to spring to attention. Steve rolled Giselle onto her side, lifted her leg and entered her. This position puts tremendous pressure on the front of a woman's vagina and Giselle responded by screaming, crying and moaning even louder. After 30 minutes of this, there was a knock at the door and the hotel security demanded to be let in. Steve removed himself from Giselle, wrapped a towel around his waist and answered the door. The French hotel security man wanted to know if the woman was okay, Giselle appeared stark naked and said in French that she was just fine and would be even better if the man would let Steve resume his love making. The security man apologized and left red faced. Giselle then pulled Steve back into the same position and demanded more. After another 30 minutes of pumping, Giselle passed out from the pleasure and Steve just rolled into a spoon position to hold her breasts while staying inside her.

When Giselle woke, she remembered that two of her coworkers were coming to pick them up at noon to go sight seeing. Giselle and Steve showered together then went to the hotel boutique to get a new outfit for her to wear so it didn't appear that she spend the night with Steve. In the elevator going back to his room, Giselle stopped the elevator to show Steve she was not wearing any underwear and that he could put his cock into her anytime he wanted.  Since Steve had never fucked in an elevator and Giselle was very willing, he put her hand inside his pants to get him hard again and then had her guide his cock into her very willing pussy. The excitement was tremendous. Steve lifted Giselle up and down his cock and felt the very top of her pussy; this really put Giselle over the edge and she came gushing all over Steve's pants. The elevator telephone started ringing and a voice came on asking "are you alright?." Giselle answered in French, oui, oui and then started the elevator working again. Steve suggested that he change his pants before they met her coworkers.

Read the next chapter to find out what they did during the sightseeing.