 I was sitting at home one Friday evening just minding my own business. I intended to spend a lazy night at home with a six pack and the TV, watching a game. Then I received this phone call.

Turned out it was Mandy on the line. A cute kid. A friend of my daughters. I was more her mother's generation than hers. She beat about the bush for a minute or so, asking after my health, how are my daughters, what am I doing, etc. I patiently answered her questions waiting for the trap to spring.

It sprang. Could I, pretty please, pick her and her friend up at her place and run them down to the nightclub they intended to party at that night.

I suggested a taxi and she wasn't interested. If she paid for a taxi she wouldn't have enough for drinks after paying the cover charge. She couldn't expect men to pay for all her drinks, now could she? She needed one that they could refresh for her.

The long and the short of it was that I agreed to pick her up and run her into the city centre so she could go to her night club. I trundled up at the nominated time and she and her friend came bustling out and hopped into the car, Mandy in the front and her friend in the back.

"Thanks, Mr Gee. You're a lifesaver. Um, this is Kathy."

"Evening Kathy," I said, and put the car in drive and headed towards the city centre.

Can you call it a city centre when the shops, bars, and nightclubs are on a road that runs parallel to the beach? Anyway, I rolled into the centre and got hit with the second part of the whammy.

"Gosh, we're a bit early," Mandy said innocently. "Um, I don't suppose you'd like to buy us some fish and chips? We really should eat something before we have any drinks. There's a great little fish and chip shop over there. We can get what we want and then go and park down by the beach to eat."

I didn't even try to argue. I knew when I'd been set up. We bought fish and chips and we drove down to the beach to dine. Mandy had been right about one thing -- the beach was pretty deserted at this time. Probably because of the cold wind coming in off the water. Two things, really. That was a pretty good fish and chip shop. 

What I found amazing is the way that both Mandy and Kathy could talk. I think they were both talking at once, even while eating, a non-stop explosion of words pouring out and flooding the car.

I think we'd nearly reached the point where the girls were ready to head off to the nightclub (the idea being that I'd drop them there, it being too cold to walk) when I made my next mistake.

Where my own daughters are concerned I'd always been very firm about the language they used. I saw absolutely no reason why they should sprinkle their language with invectives and gutter-talk and I let them know it. So when Kathy referred to someone that she and Mandy were dissecting as an arse I automatically spoke up.

"Language," I gently reprimanded.

"Mr Gee doesn't like people swearing," said Mandy with a giggle. 

Kathy also giggled and apologised.

"Sorry," she said. "I arsure you I didn't mean to offend. Arsk Mandy. She'll tell you I don't swear. I put my lapse down to my arsociates ars I'd never normally say such a thing."

I'd never realised that there were so many words that could be bastardised to include arse in them. Kathy showed an amazing talent for finding a whole bunch of them in her fulsome apology, while Mandy almost collapsed onto the floor of the car she was giggling so much.

I know a challenge when I'm slapped in the face with it. I hopped out of the car and into the backseat next to Kathy.

"OK. Say it one more time," I said softly.

"Say what? Do you mean arse?" she giggled.

Then she squealed as I pulled her over my knee and dropped a firm spank on her bottom.

"Ow, my arse," she yelped.

I like a direct challenge. She and Mandy were wearing very short dresses to the night club and they weren't wearing tights. I very calmly pushed up that excuse for a dress, exposing her bottom and her skimpy panties. (Mandy was kneeling on the front seat watching and giggling.)

"Don't you spank my arse," Kathy told me and yelped when my hand came down again.

"I arsed you not to do that," came the protest. 

She was not going to back down so I upped the stakes a little. I pulled her panties down.

"Mr Gee! Now I've got a bare arse. That's not fair."

That's not all that was bare. She'd been wriggling about, lifting her bottom higher, and her legs were by no means what you would call together. This time I dropped a spank where my hand neatly cupped her vulva.

"Argh. That wasn't my arse," she yelled. 

"Mr Gee! You can't do that," protested Mandy.

"I can't? I thought I just did."

"He did. Arsk him to remove his hand."

I glanced down and saw that I'd forgotten to remove my hand from her vulva. It was still resting on her, idly rubbing her vulva.

"Oh, sorry," I said, removing my hand. "See. That's how you apologise," I added. "Short and sincere with now extraneous comments."

"Um, we need to be getting to the nightclub," Mandy put in and I nodded.

I got back behind the wheel, while Kathy fiddled around straightening up her dress. I drove to the nightclub and parked in the underground garage attached to the hotel next to the club. I figured that seeing I was there I'd go and blow fifty on the pokies. You never knew your luck and as long as you didn't count on winning and limited your stake it was just a fun time. I directed the girls through the pokies room, leaving them to exit on the far side while I looked around for a machine that looked as though it wanted to be my friend.

I was just about to start playing one when Kathy popped up.

"Excuse me, Mister Gee, but I left my purse in your car. I was hoping you were still here. Mandy's gone ahead and I'll join her after I get my purse. Sorry."

"That's OK," I assured her and headed on back to the car, Mandy tagging along behind. Maybe this was the way the Lords of Luck were choosing to tell me to save my money.

I keyed the door release as we approached and Mandy darted ahead, opened the passenger's door and crawled in. And I mean crawled. Instead of sitting on the seat and sliding along or opening the opposite door she just opened the nearest door and crawled onto the seat on hands and knees.

I was coming up from behind her and one of the overhead lights was shining down on her and that short dress of hers just naturally rode up, exposing her bottom. Again, I say what I mean. Her bottom was exposed, not her panties, because she was now commando.

"OK. What gives, Kathy?" I asked, my hand reaching out and closing over her feminine attributes.

She gave a little giggle and explained.

"That's your fault," she said. "You pulled them off and after you beat me my arse was too sore for me to put them back on."

I was calling bullshit on that and was about to say so when she continued talking.

"You should be arshamed of yourself for taking advantage of me and may I point out that that's not my arse that you're touching."

I flicked a look around, satisfying myself that we were reasonably private and not likely to be interrupted. At the same time I was unzipping.

"You obviously need further lessons in learning to respect my wishes," I told her, my cock already touching her sensitive flesh.

"That's still not my arse," she yelled as I started driving in, my hands on her hips pulling her towards me at the same time. "Oh, fuck me. Show me you're serious."

She was pushing hard towards me right from my initial entry. I was going to take it nice and easy to start with to give her time to adjust but Kathy wasn't having a bar of it.

"Faster," she yelled. "Give it to me hard. Teach me to respect you. Show me that you're the master. Oh, god, fuck me as if you mean it."

Who was I to reject a request like that? I gave it to her harder and faster, pumping away in a very lively fashion. For her part Kathy was responding just as eagerly, exhorting me to carry on. In between urging me on she was giving out little snippets of conversation.

"I thought earlier that you might do this while we were down at the beach. Can you imagine Mandy's reactions if you had? I can't decide if she'd have been shocked or if she'd want to join in. I think she reminded you that we had to get to the night club just to make sure you didn't fuck me there and then. Selfish bitch. Did you see her face when you pulled down my panties? I did. I nearly burst out laughing she looked so shocked. She didn't think you had it in you. I bet she tries to seduce you the next time she sees you. It'll drive her wild thinking that you might have fucked me and not her."

All this was interspersed with cries of approval and general appeals for me to put my best foot forward and really work her over sex-wise. I could see anyone unfortunate enough to marry Kathy would be a withered husk by the time the honeymoon was over. Maybe she should practice polyandry so she had several husbands available to keep her occupied.

I kept going for as long as I could and was about ready to give up and just cut loose when Kathy gave a small shriek and started wailing, "Yes, yes, yes," as she climaxed, effectively giving me leave to do the same.

Kathy came scrambling out of the car, a big smirk on her face, clutching her purse and panties. 

"Got to run," she said quickly. "Mandy will be wondering what's keeping me. Mind you, she'll take a pretty good guess but won't actually say. If she taps you for a lift next week why don't you come around half an hour early? She'll have to invite you in and we'll still be running around getting dressed. It'll give you a chance to come over all masterful and fuck both of us."

With that and a giggle she scooted off. I saw her barge through the door into the pokies venue and take a hard right, which led to the ladies room. Undoubtedly so she could clean up and get her panties on. At least, I hope she'd be putting her panties on. 

I hopped in my car and head on home. I thought that I'd used up all the luck I was due that night.