 Give me a few paragraphs to set the stage, and then I will take you to a place you've only imagined.

**************

I was thinking about our preconceptions about reciprocity as it applies to sex; about that feeling of obligation that most of us seem to have that says that each partner must reach orgasm, preferably simultaneously, for a sexual encounter to be successful. And how that extends beyond orgasm right back into foreplay. If I spend time exploring your chest, you reciprocate by playing with my breasts. If I take delight in giving you head, you feel the need to reciprocate by tonguing my pussy. Get my drift?

I'm not saying those are bad things; don't get me wrong, I enjoy all of those activities and more, and I agree that there must be a certain amount of give and take in any relationship. However, what you sometimes find hard to understand is that reciprocating does not necessarily mean giving back exactly the same thing. I want you to know that by taking or accepting what I have to give, you ARE giving, simply because of the enjoyment I take in giving pleasure to you. 

You have admitted that you understand this concept when you are the giver; you have proven yourself only too well in your ability to give, and I know you take pleasure in that giving. But you still have trouble accepting that it can work both ways, you can't just lay still and receive what I have to give.

So today, I'm determined to change that. Are you with me? Here is what you are going to do. I want you to take a long, hot bath. Relax completely. Take your time scrubbing every square inch of yourself until you are warm and squeaky clean. When you're done, wrap yourself in a towel, and come knock on our bedroom door, but do not open it. Instead, close your eyes, turn around so your back is to the door, and wait for me. Do you understand? Yes? Good! Are you game? Fantastic! 

*With a warm kiss and a press of my body against yours, I push you off towards the bathroom.*

**************
From this point on, I would like you to read each line slowly, without skipping ahead. Take the time to let each word sink in, and imagine each whisper, each breath, each touch.

**************




I jump when I hear your knock at the door.
I've been waiting in nervous anticipation;
confident in what I'm doing, 
but eager to put my plans into action
and to see your reactions.
I open the door to see you standing there,
back facing me as I had instructed,
a towel wrapped snuggly around your hips.

Your hair is still damp from the bath
and I can feel the heat of the warm water rising off your skin.
I move closer to you, lean over your shoulder,
and I whisper "Don't move, and keep your eyes closed."
I see you tense a bit at my words,
and startle at the feel of my bare nipples grazing against your back,
but you do as I say, 
even as I whip the towel from your waist.
Clearly, you've been doing some anticipating of your own while in the bath, 
and I grin as I peek around to the front of you and see you semi-hard before me.

"Stay still" I repeat, as I reach behind you.
You feel my arms as they brush up alongside you,
one on either side, 
sliding up your arms and over your shoulders, 
as if I'm reaching around you.
I see you tilt your head to the side,
trying to figure out what I'm up to, 
but otherwise you obey my command to stay still, with eyes shut.


I see your body jerk and hear your sudden intake of breath
as you feel the soft fabric of the blindfold touch your eyelids.
"Don't worry" I chuckle, 
as I tie the strings firmly behind your head
"You're in good hands", 
emphasizing my point by running my hands over your back, 
and cupping your buttocks, 
rubbing myself against you in the process.

I take your hand and guide you slowly to the bed.
While you are moving in darkness, 
I have the light of several candles lighting up the room, 
giving it a soft glow and casting flickering shadows across your warm skin.
I turn you so that your back is to the bed
and press myself against the length of you,
giving you a long, deep kiss,
before placing my palm on your chest
and pushing you back to sit on the bed.
You can feel the thick layer of flannel sheets
that I have put on top of the bed and for a moment you 
wonder why I might have done so.

But those thoughts are interrupted as you feel
something light trailing over your shoulders
and chest, and across your arms, tickling your senses.
Again, I see you tilt your head to the side,
trying to make sense of what you are feeling.
I take your hand and close your fingers around the strip of silk fabric,
drawing it through your fingers so you can feel the length of it.
A look of comprehension spreads across your face
as I loop one strip around your right wrist, making it snug, but not too tight.

I repeat this process with your left wrist,
then run my hands down your arms to your chest,
down your abdomen, dipping into navel,
sliding across your hips to the tops of your legs.
I hesitate there for a moment, 
dragging the remaining two strips of fabric around your waist 
and letting them rub against your pelvis 
before my hands continue their journey to your ankles
where I fasten the remaining strips securely. 

I kiss your eyelids and your cheekbones 
before capturing your mouth again,
moving my lips urgently across yours.
I slap aside your hands as you try to caress my shoulders.
"No touch" I chide, 
placing your hands firmly at your sides.
"Lie down" I command,
pushing you backwards onto the bed.

With some poking and prodding 
I move you to the centre of the bed.
I place a pillow under your head,
and another under the backs of your knees,
making sure that you are completely comfortable and relaxed.
Without talking, I securely fasten your left wrist to the corner post of our bed
and I walk around the bed to do the same on the other side.
After testing the play in the silk restraints, 
I run my hands over you, feeling the muscles tighten in your arms.
"Relax", I murmur. "I'm not going to hurt you".
I see a look of doubt cross your face
and I smile, knowing that I will soon remove that look from your face.

I walk to the bottom of the bed
and fasten each ankle to the corners of the bed
so that you are spread out in all your glory before me.
I know you feel vulnerable,
but I can also see that you are highly aroused,
and I take a minute just to drink in the gorgeous sight of you.
I see you wiggle a bit, 
trying to gauge how much you can move,
and laugh when I sense your frustration.
"Patience, deary, patience."
"Good things come to those who wait."

My preparations almost complete,
I crawl across the bed towards your head
and reach to the night side table to scoop up
a couple of small items.
Leaning over you, 
so that my breasts fall across your shoulder
I nestle down into the crook of your neck and
I whisper in your ear "You are MINE", 
using my tongue to trace the outline of your ear.
"This isn't about control, or force or submission.
This is about giving you the complete freedom to simply enjoy.
Just like I am going to enjoy making love to every last inch of you."
And with that, I take the small earplugs
and fit one gently in each ear canal, shutting off your sound,
knowing that by doing so, you will be totally focused
on each and every touch that I am about to bestow.

Still on the bed beside you, 
I raise up on my knees so that I can take a long look at you.
You can feel the movement through the mattress
and can feel my knees as they press against your side
but I can see by the cautious expression on your face
that you wonder what I am up to, as I decide how I want to proceed.

You sense my weight shift again
and feel the lightest touch of my mouth upon yours.
I'm careful not to let any other part of my body
come into contact with yours,
so our only connection is the brush of my tongue as it circles your lips,
and I draw my head back as you raise yours,
denying you the firmer contact that you desire.

Using the fingers on both hands
I begin to draw lazy lines down both sides of your face,
Starting at your temples, across your eyebrows,
down your nose and across your cheekbones,
behind your ears, and down the sides of your neck.
following your collarbone to the hollow of your neck
where I pause to give you a kiss, nuzzling my nose in the depression there. 
Using a single finger from each hand, 
I trace down your sternum, and then out across your chest,
making a large arc around each nipple,
drawing a spiraling circle, getting tighter with each sweep
until my nails graze the outer edges of your areolas,
feeling the bumps that are starting to rise there.


I use the fingers on each hand to close in on your tightening nipples,
rolling them between thumb and forefinger,
and then tugging lightly upward, making them stand stiff and erect.
Bending my head, I repeat the circles around each nipple with my tongue,
getting closer and closer until I can flick each one with my tongue
before suckling it deep into my mouth.

Once again, I shift forward to kiss you,
this time letting my mouth rest firmly on yours,
using my tongue to open your lips, 
and I let your tongue dance with mine,
drawing yours urgently into my mouth,
gasping as I imagine you entering me in a similar fashion below.

Breaking the kiss, you feel my weight leave the bed.
For a moment, you sense nothing, 
until you feel a warm wetness trickle onto your right shoulder
and continue down the inside of your right arm.
A slightly spicy vanilla scent reaches your nostrils
just before you feel my hands begin to massage the oil into your shoulder.
My firm hands loosen the muscles in the shoulder and up the side of your neck,
before dragging down your upper arm, tracing the separation of bicep and triceps,
examining the joining of your elbow, and working down your forearm.

Taking your hand in mine, 
I massage your palm with my thumbs as I move down to kiss your wrist.
I circle each finger with mine, working the oil into each joint, 
then entwining my fingers with yours. 
As I release your fingers, I take each one deep into my mouth,
wrapping it firmly with my tongue, rolling my mouth around you,
then lightly dragging my teeth along your skin as I withdraw the finger
and move on to the next.

I move to the other side of the bed and repeat the process,
in no particular hurry, 
taking time to enjoy the feel of every muscle in your arms and hands.
Once I'm done, I step back and admire you,
your arms now slick and shiny with oil, 
the flames of the candles reflected in the sheen on your skin.
With a smile, I run my slippery hands over my own breasts,
massaging the remainder of the oil into my nipples,
feeling them already hard with my arousal.

Bending close to the bed, 
I let my breasts fall across your left side, 
and slide them back and forth, 
feeling the friction of your nipple as it bumps against mine.
I move farther up the bed and, placing one knee on the bed, 
I lean farther so that my nipple touches your lips,
and I laugh as I see you suddenly startle,
and your mouth anxiously seeking to find its reward.
I gasp as I feel a sudden shot of electricity move through my breast
as you draw my nipple roughly into your mouth,
and I hang there for a moment, enjoying the sensation of you devouring my tit,
before abruptly withdrawing and getting off the bed.

You sense from the movement of air across your naked body
that I have opened the door and left the room.
A few minutes pass, and you begin to wonder if I've left you there.
Knowing my sense of humor, 
you wonder if perhaps I've decided to go shopping,
or if I intend to leave you there while I watch the latest episode of Boston Legal.
I see relief cross your face when you sense my footsteps
as I re-enter the room, and I see you tilt your head again,
your sign that you are trying to figure out what I'm up to.

I purposely bump against the side of the bed
so that you know I am close,
but I wait another minute, 
watching you squirm within your restraints,
trying to guess where I am going to touch you next.
I see you unconsciously raise your hips, 
trying to draw my attention there.
"Not yet, my dear" I chuckle to myself, "All in good time".

I watch your face flex in surprise
as you feel the sudden touch of heat on your chest.
Something very hot and soft, yet firm,
is stroking your right nipple,
brushing around in a circle, 
leaving a damp trail that, while smooth, is not slick like the oil I was using earlier.
In fact, there is a certain friction between your sensitive skin
and what you have now decided is a small paintbrush.
I see you arch your back to raise your left side towards me,
because you know that in my preference for symmetry,
your left nipple is about to feel the same delicious warmth.

Once that is done, you feel the trail of liquid heat
move down the centre line of your chest, down your abdomen,
forming a puddle in your navel, before continuing downward.
Just how far will it go?
The brush passes through your curls
and you feel my hand touch your cock for the first time,
lifting the hardening shaft up and away from you,
so that I can apply the hot brush in long, broad strokes,
spreading the delightful heat along the top, bottom and sides of your organ.



You feel my weight on the bed shift as I put my tools on the side table
and I take up my place kneeling beside you, admiring my handiwork.
As the liquid cools, it gels and contracts slightly,
creating a pleasant, tugging itch that reminds you 
of exactly where my brush has traveled. 
Placing a hand on either side of you to support myself,
I bend to begin my task of cleaning away the sticky substance,
broad strokes of my tongue washing over your chest,
swirling around your nipples as I purr in cat-like delight.
I follow the path downward, alternately licking,
nibbling and sucking on your skin, 
enjoying the warmth of you in my mouth.
My tongue delves deep into your navel, searching for every last drop.
I spend extra time on your curls, grooming you there with my tongue,
before running long flat licks up you shaft, now fully erect,
cleaning each side thoroughly before touching the head.

That task done, I hold your cock firmly upright in my hand and contemplate my dessert.
The dark red helmet that tops your shaft reminds me of 
a cherry that might be placed on top of a scrumptious treat,
with a drizzle of pre-cum oozing from the end.
With a delicate flick of my tongue, I taste those precious first drops, 
their saltiness mixing perfectly with the sweetness of my artwork.
Unable to help myself, I pop the entire cherry of your cock
into my mouth, sucking it firmly against the roof of my mouth.
My tongue cleans the underside, rolling from side to side,
then I loosen my suction so that my tongue can move up and over the top.
Mmmm…..pure heaven. An intense wave of arousal moves through me,
as I feel your cock pulse and twitch in my mouth, 
and as I feel your hips try to buck towards me, 
knowing you want to be deeper in my mouth.
I know it's time to move on, and my mouth leaves you.

I chuckle as I see you wince in frustration,
pleased that my efforts are having the intended effect.
I decide that it's time for you to get a little taste of what I've been enjoying,
and I gasp as I part my nether lips and touch the warm brush to my clit,
spreading the mysterious substance in two long strokes inside my folds.
I crawl back on the bed and move towards your head,
lifting one knee up and over to the other side of your head, 
until I am positioned on top of you, my hands on the headboard for support.
I feel your head lifting and turning from side to side between my legs,
so eager are you for any contact between your lips and my flesh.
I shiver in anticipation as I lower myself towards you, 
until I can feel your hot breath on my open pussy.
With the first touch of my lips to yours, I feel your head lunge towards me,
your nose abruptly hitting my clit and sending a wave of pleasure through me,
before your tongue gets its first taste of the hot butterscotch sauce that I've applied there.
I groan as I feel your tongue go mad, licking and slurping and pulling at my labia,
knowing that the butterscotch has been diluted with my own juices,
which have been trickling down my thighs ever since we started.
As your tongue attacks my clit, I feel those familiar contractions begin deep with me,
and I know that if I don't stop you now, 
I'll lose myself and grind my pussy down onto your tongue, 
letting you bring me over and beyond the edge of orgasm.

Somewhat regretfully, I rise and crawl off of the bed.
Dipping a washcloth into a bowl of hot water that I have nearby,
I wring it out before using it to wipe the remaining stickiness from us,
the roughness of the cloth reminding you of my tongue on your nipples.
I wash your abdomen, your curls, and manhood with care,
before patting you dry with a towel, 
smiling as I see your cock bobbing helplessly before me.
"Don't worry, my sweet, your time will come"
And I bend to give you a kiss, before climbing back onto the bed. 
This time I move to the base of the mattress, kneeling between your spread legs.
Once again you feel the warm trickle of massage oil hit your skin,
starting with the tops of your feet, and drizzling up your shins, to your knees.
Using one hand on each side, I work the oil into your feet,
firm enough not to tickle, lacing my fingers between your toes,
then using my thumbs to spread the oil into the balls of your feet.
With broad strokes of my hands, I massage the oil up your lower legs,
feeling your muscles tense and contract as I move higher, 
running my hands under the backs of your knees, feeling a pulse there.
Now I squirt more oil up your right thigh,
dropping it from sufficient height so that you feel the impact
as the path heads towards your groin, 
stopping just short before repeating the process with your left thigh.

Leaning forward now over one leg, I slide my hands up your thigh,
fingertips spread wide and held firm, moving in circular motions as I progress,
barely reaching the crease where leg joins hip before switching to the other side.
Beginning again at the knee, I again spread upwards, 
but this time my kisses trail behind my hands, and I work from the outer thigh
by your knee, crossing my way over top as I head north, 
until I am kissing your inner thighs where they begin to brush together.
I grin as I see that my progress up your thighs has once again captured your attention.
Your manhood, which had begun to relax as I massaged your feet, 
is once again showing vigorous signs of life at my approach.

I see a smile spread across your face when you sense a generous stream of oil
fall on the tip of your cock, to dribble down the sides, over and around your balls, 
oozing between the crevice of your buttocks to the sheet below.
I feel your legs tense and notice you hold your breath as you wait 
for the touch that you know is coming.
I start by placing a palm under your sac, lifting slowly 
until I feel the weight of you in my palm, then I place the other hand on top.
Cradling your balls in between my hands, I gently roll them, 
feeling the slipperiness both within and outside of the sac.

I use one hand now to work the oil up from the base of your cock,
using a firm stroke of the hand to spread it up around your shaft,
until the mushroom-shaped head is rolling in my palm.
I find myself mesmerized by the sight of the head of your cock
disappearing and then reappearing as I stroke you.
My one hand continues to stroke you, while the other slides back off of your balls
to follow the trickle of oil that has disappeared between your legs.
