 Chapter 1

I have been a financial advisor for a number of years. After college, I worked for a financial planning firm in more of a support role than dealing directly with the firm's clients and moved to a different and smaller advisory group when they gave me the opportunity to build a client base of my own.

Well, the income potential was much greater compared with the former salary job and I jumped at the chance. That was eleven years ago, now I have a very nice clientele which I add to quite regularly.

The best way I've found to bring new people in is to hold free investment planning meetings from time to time, each one holding about twenty to thirty people with five or six often opting to become clients.

It was one of these early evening meetings, that I met the couple I want to tell you about, Martin and Alyssa Brent.

They were pretty typical of the people who attended my seminars, somewhere in their forties and pretty well-off financially. They sat right in the front row and as I talked my eyes kept going back to them. They were a very handsome couple, he was in an expensive business suit and shoes that were probably custom-made as well.

Alyssa Brent was quite attractive, lovely blond hair down along her shoulders, very nice figure in a woman's business suit ending in a short black skirt from which came a pair of beautiful long legs, her feet encased in a pair of elegant black high heels. 

The group turned out to be a good one, attentive and interested, and I went through my points one by one. I was occasionally distracted, only momentarily, by Mrs. Brent shifting in her seat every once in a while, re-crossing her legs, causing her skirt to ride up giving me a lovely view of the tops of her black net thigh-high stockings. I was the only lucky man in the room with such a privileged view.

These sessions usually last about two hours and I always plan a break in the middle for the intake and outflow of fluids from the audience. It was then that the Brents singled me out with some nice words on how they had found my comments and suggestions so far to be quite enlightening and useful.

"Yes, Alyssa and I have learned more already tonight than we have known all the time before this. Quite good. There are some questions we do have, however, that we would like to pose, more privately, if possible, and we were wondering if we could see you for a bit afterwards."

"Well, I'd invite you to my hotel room but I live just forty miles from here so I was planning on just driving home after. Perhaps we could meet in the bar, the hotel bar, it's nice," I offered.

"Actually, our place is quite close, less than a mile, we could go there, it would be private and we'd love to offer you a glass of wine in small payment for your trouble," his wife offered.

"Well, yes, I suppose that works fine, just hang around after and we'll do it," I offered. The seminar soon started back up and led, finally, into a brief question and answer period followed by a few people expressing their interest in meeting further to discuss doing business.

The Brents were there in the background and as the others left, we walked up to the front desk where I paid my bill and then followed them to their house.

There was an automatic gate we entered and then parked and were soon inside a very nice home, quite lovely, and Alyssa had poured us each a glass of Burgundy as we sat at their dining room table.

Their main question was one that was not terribly uncommon, though rather personal and I answered it as well as I could. I can't, of course, tell you about that, it was protected information from a client but, I was able to dispatch their concerns in only a few minutes.

"Oh, Andrew, I'm so grateful, oh, this has weighed on me for months now," she choked out as she began to cry.

Her husband patted her on the back and she was soon re-composed as Martin asked, "Well, Andrew, how much do we owe you, it was very helpful and we do appreciate your counsel."

"Oh, my, it was only a few minutes, no, nothing to worry about, I'm happy it was so simple and that we had the opportunity to clear it up for you."

"Well, at least let us provide you with your dinner this evening. We have a very good Chinese place we can get takeout and then you can go home on a full stomach, it's the least we can do," she posed.

I agreed to their generous offer and she went and called in the order then came back to tell us she would run out and pick it up as Martin did not like to drive at night.

While we waited for her return, we went in their living room where I complimented Martin on his lovely home.

"You and Alyssa have such a lovely home, quite nice."

"Yes, thanks, she's the one who's made it such an attractive place. I just provide the checkbook."

"Well, she's done a lovely job of it and she's such a lovely woman herself."

"Hmm, yes she is and that's the shame of it. Quite frankly, I'm just not able any more to satisfy her the way she deserves. Tragic, actually, I've urged her to find someone, you know, take a lover, she's certainly capable of attracting just about any man around. Just won't hear of it. I've tried these pills they have now and, well, it helps some but just not quite enough. Ah, sorry, to bring such things up to such a fine fellow, sorry."

Wanting to lighten the conversation, I rather flippantly suggested, "Well, if she ever changes her mind, put my name in, Martin, she's a beautiful and enticing woman."

Right about then, Alyssa came back with two bags of boxes full of aromatic and tasty Chinese food which we all thoroughly enjoyed. There was more wine and laughter as we not only enjoyed the food but each other's company as well.

Then, totally unexpectedly for me, Martin told his wife, "While you were gone, I told Andrew about my condition and that I'd wanted you to take a lover."

"Oh, god, Martin, that's hardly relevant," she said blushing.

"Well, dear, he told me if you ever agreed, he wanted his name on the candidates' list."

"I'm afraid it was just guy-talk, Alyssa, please don't take offense," I hastily added.

"Oh, no, he does keep bringing it up, it does bother him I know and, well, you seem to give such good advice..."

"Well, it's odd, I did have a client, a couple who had a similar problem, he told me about it once, what they had done about it. Ended up they did have sex again."

This got their attention as they both, more or less in unison, asked me to tell them more.

"Well, it seemed that he found her someone and he wanted to watch while they were together. It was so arousing that the husband was able to also satisfy her that same night."

"That seems a better solution as I could just never go and be with a man on my own, without Martin."

"Um, might I use your bathroom? Down the hall, is it?" I asked and I went off to relieve my badder before I left for home.

I came back in and they had adjourned to the living room so I sat back down as Martin asked, "Do you think, Andrew, that you might help us with this? In the manner the other people had done?"

My face flushed as I realized exactly what he was asking.

"Well, that's hardly what I do with clients," I stuttered, trying to keep it light.

"Oh, we know that. But, well, you seem like a nice fellow and you had mentioned in your talk that you're not married, so there's no wife to consider. You did say Alyssa was attractive. I asked her if she liked you and she does, she thinks you're quite handsome, right, dear?"

"Well, this is all a bit uncomfortable, but, yes, Martin's right. You are an attractive man, I expect a few years younger even. And, well, I do find you quite charming."

"So, would you help us do this?" her husband asked.

"Well, you shouldn't rush into this, after all, it is quite personal and could have repercussions on your marriage."

"Well, I'm afraid the status quo has done that all on its own. We have a strong marriage and I don't think this would damage it. If successful it would make things better, much better," he replied.

"Would you try this with us, Andrew?" she asked.

"Yes, please, it's something we want to try."

"I just don't know if I should do this. I mean, it's not Alyssa, certainly, any man would be eager to be with her."

"Well, Andrew, I would like for you to help us out in this way and, well, I would want to make it enjoyable for the both of us as well," Alyssa said softly. She then moved over next to me on the love seat and put her arms around me.

"I'm not sure how to begin this but, well," and she leaned in and kissed me quite wonderfully, sliding her tongue into my mouth as her hand rubbed my chest.

Of course, I was quite uncomfortable. Who wouldn't be? But Alyssa was also kissing me very nicely and it had been some time since a woman had kissed me quite so nicely. Her hand was rubbing across my chest as we continued to kiss.

She pulled back a second, said, "Here," then kissed me again as she took her hand and put it up onto her breast and pressed it to her. We continued kissing as I felt her hand press down on the now-sizable bulge in my pants as she began to rub.

I pulled back for a second to tell her that we could stop at any time she wanted and she resumed kissing me again as my hand began unbuttoning her blouse. Once I had it opened, I slid my hand inside over the lacy bra and worked my fingers up underneath it to her nipple which was firm and excited.

She worked herself out of the blouse as I reached back and opened her bra, then brought my hand back around to her front and massaged her nice firm breasts.

Pulling her head back, she looked over at her husband who sat across rubbing his trousers as he watched.

"It this turning you on, Martin? Getting you excited?" she asked her husband.

"Sure feels like it."

"Then we should go on then?"

Martin looked at me and said, "Well, Andrew, my wife is a pretty open woman and loves to have the man in charge, so just go right ahead and make her a happy woman."

Chapter 2

"Why, then, don't we move down the hall to more comfortable quarters, then," she offered and she got up, took my hand and led me down the hall and into their bedroom where she pulled the covers down and finished taking her clothes off.

Well, Alyssa might have been over forty but she was a beautiful woman. There was an elegance about her that was very alluring and sexy. The telltale signs of aging were missing, her breasts were firm and her tummy flat and smooth. I was quickly out of my clothes as she sat down on the bed in front of me, reached out, took my cock and leaned her mouth to it and licked around the crown, then slid her wet lips over it to begin sucking me.

"Mmm, oh, Alyssa, you are so good, so wonderful, mmm." She was a dream sucking me, I hadn't had much sex in the last few months and this was stunning. She sucked a bit longer then raised up, moved up onto the bed and spread herself open for me.

I looked over and her husband was stroking himself, smiling at us as I saw him nod approval.

Lifting her legs up onto my shoulders, I dropped down to feast on her trimmed pussy as she began to move under me.

"Mmm, oh, oh, Andrew, yes, this is so good, mmm."

I loved licking and tonguing her, she was very receptive of my caresses and was moving herself eager for more.

"Oh, god, that's wonderful, oh, oh," she cried, writhing back and forth. I couldn't quite see Martin but was hoping it was working for him. It sure was for me.

"OH, OH, AYYE, AYYE, AHH, AHH, UUH, uh, uh, mmm, oh, wonderful, so wonderful, mmm," she groaned as she writhed under me.

I began to rise up, to position myself to enter her as she whispered, "Please, Andrew, I do want you but be gentle, it's been a long time and make it last, I do want this so much."

I nodded and took my cock and rubbed it up and down along her crease, so wet with her juices and my saliva.

I pushed gently and gave a quick shove which put the head of my cock inside her. She reached down to my hips and pulled me to her, sliding deeply inside.

"Mmm, mmm."

Then I began moving back and forth, in and out of her smooth, wet insides. She was tight inside as I fucked her back and forth, Martin watching and stroking in his chair. I was taking long, slow movements which felt wonderful as she lay there under me, her eyes closed, a wistful smile on her face, obviously enjoying our mating.

"Umm, mmm, wonderful, Andrew, oh, yes, I've so missed a man inside me. And, you're just the perfect one," she said softly as she moved sinuously under me, heightening the feelings we were having. She raised her legs up over me so I could probe her deeply, pushing down hard as I entered her fully.

"Oh, yes, hard, push hard, Andrew. Mmm, yes, oh, that's so good."

I looked over at Martin and he was now standing quite near us, his cock hard in his hand, slowly stroking it. I looked up at him and asked, "Would you like a try, Martin?"

He nodded and I raised up, pulled out and he quickly got up over his wife and, as I watched, shoved his hard cock down into her as they both began fucking like teenagers. It was wonderful to watch.

"Oh, Martin, omigod, oh, I just never dreamed...but we are, oh, fuck me, Martin, fuck me, fuck me," she screamed as her body began to quake and tremble under him.

"Oh, I'm cumming, Martin, I'm cumming," she cried out as he pumped in and out of her. It was really beautiful to watch her orgasm from her own husband's cock, she looked overcome with ecstasy.

He fucked her for another few minutes, then turned to me and said, "Could you take back over, Andrew, seems I'm losing a bit here," and he pulled out and I moved to take his place.

Alyssa smiled up at me as I pressed back into her sliding down into her happy depths.

"Mmm, yes, nice, Andrew, you're a wonderful lover," she whispered as she began to move under me while I took long, lovely strokes in and out of her.

My cock had cooled off some so I still had some time before I might cum and I devoted it all to Alyssa. Soon, she was squirming under me once again.

"Oh, god, oh, it's wonderful, oh, I'm going to orgasm again, oh, yes."

I looked at Martin and nodded to him, then pulled back out of his wife once again as he pushed down into her and fucked her hard.

"OH, OH, OH, OH, UH, Uh, UHH, UH, uh, oh, mmm, omigod, oh, Martin, wonderful, just wonderful," she squealed as he pumped faster and faster into her.

"Oh, yes, oh, Alyssa, darling, now, oh, yes, uh, UH, UH, UH, um, mmm, mmm, oh, this is so wonderful, together with you, wonderful," he groaned as he moved down on her and began showering her with kisses.

I watched as they gripped one another, her legs wound tight around him as they bathed in their joy and contentment.

In a few minutes, Martin raised up, pulled out of her and said, "I'm sure Alyssa would love to finish you, Andrew. You've done so much for us."

As he got up, she turned over and got on her hands and knees.

"I love it from behind, Andrew, if that's all right with you?"

"It's lovely any way at all with you, Alyssa," I said as I got up behind her and pushed into her as she began moving around in a circle as I probed in and out. Oh, it felt wonderful.

"Mmm, oh, I've missed this. This is my favorite way as Martin so well knows. And, my dear man, you are doing me just wonderfully. I will never be able to thank you properly for tonight. But I'll try."

I was already thinking of several ways as I arched in and out of her, taking long, purposeful strokes in and out of her beautiful, plump labia all wet with the enjoyment of the evening together.

"I love seeing her happy, Andrew. And I will always remember this, you letting me bring her to orgasm twice like this. You've been wonderful to us both."

Well, the truth was, I was now working toward my own happiness at this point. I'd done quite a bit of fucking yet hadn't cummed and I really wanted to. She seemed to want it, too, the way she was moving her hips around as I fucked her.

"I want you make you cum now, Andrew. Just hold yourself still, I'll do all the work," she said as I stopped and arched forward while she rocked back and forth on my cock. I watched as I was first engulfed then released from her insides each time she moved back and forth.

"Mmm, god, this is so good. Oh, I may have another orgasm. Oh, I can't believe how wonderful all this has been. Oh, yes, I am...I'm ...uh, UH, UH, UHN, UHN, uh, mmm," she cried out as I shoved hard into her, my cum bursting out into her as that ecstatic release took me over as I fell over her kissing her beautiful, smooth back as I reached around for both her breasts as we slid down on the bed.

"Oh, oh, that was incredible. Alyssa, I think that was the most breathtaking lovemaking I've ever had. Oh, thank you, thank you so much."

Martin was at the bed himself kissing his wife and thanking me, as we all moved to be together with Alyssa in the middle.

"Ah, my two favorite men, my two favorite lovers, how wonderful I feel with you both here holding me."

Well, as wonderful as it did feel, I did want to leave the two of them so they could be together in the warmth and closeness they had created.

"I'd like to leave you two now to enjoy the rest of the night together, so I'll be on my way."

"Oh, Andrew, we could never thank you enough for this. It was better than I'd ever hoped," Martin told me as I was getting up and pulling on my clothes.

Then Alyssa said, "Yes, it has been wonderful, you were perfect and handled it all perfectly. I still can't quite believe that I've been willing to do such a thing on just the spur of the moment like this but, well, it felt right, I suppose."

"Yes, it did work out well, I'll always remember being with you."

"It did work out wonderfully well and I know I don't want to try something like this again with anyone else, Andrew. So, my question is, 'WIll you come join us in the future like you did tonight? Regularly, I hope?' I would so appreciate it, not just for the chance for Martin and I to have sex, but, well, I'm sure my husband understands...for you and I to be together again as well. It was wonderful. I'll never forget it."

As you can imagine, I told her that I would be honored and that I would try to make myself available as they desired.

Well, little did I know that Alyssa, once she was reawakened to the sensual side of life once again, was to become an ardent supporter of my frequent visits to their bed. It soon became routine that I spent one or two nights a week with them encouraging them to ever new heights of passion. It was exciting to be part of their lives in such a meaningful and, oh, so enjoyable way.