 My wife Marie and I were having Thanksgiving over at the in-laws this year. After all the dishes were cleared, most of the family moved into the other rooms. I was still seated at the dining room table when my sister-in-law Sandy sat down. Sandy normally doesn't have much to say to me, but this day she was quite chatty.

It wasn't but a few minutes before I felt a hand resting on my inner thigh. She was acting as if nothing was going on, but her fingers were inching towards my crotch. The table cloth was covering her hand movements, but I was getting a bit nervous.

My sister-in-law never acted this way towards me before, what was going on? I soon felt her fingers lightly touching my crotch and I felt my cock starting to rise.

I couldn't take it, so I got up and went upstairs to the bathroom. I locked the door behind me and took my pants down. I was semi-erect from all that touching! It wasn't long before the door between the main bedroom and the bathroom swung open. There stood Sandy.

"What is your problem down there?" I asked her.

She didn't answer me directly, but said this, "Marie wasn't lying, you do have a big one."

Most men like to say they have a big cock, but I actually do. I am around ten inches long, and quite thick. Guys also think that would be a blessing, but for most of my life, it was a curse. Women would see my member and think about how much it was going to hurt or that they couldn't possibly suck all that down. My wife Marie was one of that group.

Sandy however, kept her eyes glued to my cock.

"Almost all the men I know try to make a play for me Tim, everyone but you."

"Well, I also happen to be your brother-in-law Sandy," I told her.

"Don't you find me attractive Tim?"

I wasn't headed down that road, and I said nothing. Sandy settled the question when she began stripping in front of me. Her top and bra came flying off, followed by her pants and underwear. Sandy had big tits, but with the smallest nipples. Her bush was shaved way down. 

Sandy was good looking in a Rubenesque way. She had full hips but she wasn't fat. I could understand all the men making passes at her.

We were both there naked, mere inches apart. Sandy made the next move. She pulled my shirt off of me and pulled my pants away. She then knelt down and opened her mouth wide. She reached out and took hold of my ball sacs and grasped my shaft. 

She began sliding my cock across her tongue, she didn't use her lips at all. I couldn't take too much more of this so I began moving my hips forward. It took awhile but soon I had most of my cock down Sandy's throat. She was now sucking me, and I was getting pretty hard.

She did this for a few more minutes, then she stood back up. She took hold of my cock and aimed it towards her pussylips. She then put her arms around my neck. I reached under and lifted her up underneath her thighs. My mushroom head was balanced directly under her slit. I lowered her down, and her pussy smothered my cock.

I was stroking nice and easy at first, and Sandy was working her pussy muscles all around my girth. I then began to really pump into her harder. My thrusts grew longer and her pussy was making sucking noises as she took almost all of my cock inside her.

I was fucking her while holding her up against my body, and it felt so damn good! She was virtually the first woman to take all of my long shaft all the way. I rammed her hard and Sandy was getting a bit loud. I heard a noise and turned to see the bathroom door open from the main bedroom. 

There was Aunt Emma, and her eyes said it all. I never saw anyone get so flushed in the face that quickly. She watched us in our all-out fucking session for a few seconds, then turned tail and ran down the steps.

I saw my life coming to an end right there. Emma would start blabbing her mouth, and all parties concerned would know what was going on.

For right now, however, I was so close to cumming. I could feel some of Sandy's juices dripping down my leg. She looked like she was out of it. I had my piston buried deeper than she ever experienced, she told me later.

Another few strokes and I emptied all my love seed into Sandy.

"Oh Christ, Tim, I am cumming too!" Sandy was almost screaming at me.

I figured the whole family had to have heard that, but we were not going to stop. I gave her such long strokes now, just leaving my cock head inside her, then I thrusted all the way into her belly. We did this for what seemed an eternity. 

Sandy was shaking when I finally pulled out of her wet hole. We were both spent. We also had to go back and face the consequences. Sandy went down first, and then I followed a few minutes later.

Needless to say, we didn't get a warm welcome. My wife Marie was fuming. Sandy's husband Peter, looked stunned.

Marie rushed me out of the house and into our car. I got the silent treatment until we got inside. Marie then ran to the bedroom and locked the door. I heard her crying. I knew I had really fucked things up but good.

I don't think we were home a half hour, when the phone rang. It was Sandy.

"Are you insane calling here?" I asked her.

"I am so horny still, I need you in me," Sandy told me.

She wanted me to leave the house and drive over to see her. I asked her where Peter, her husband was. He blew up at her after all the family left, everyone basically wanted to get out of the way of a tornado. Peter then went to a buddy's place to cool off.

If I walked out my front door now, it was all over. I might be able to patch things up with Marie over time, but if I left now, forget it.

I grabbed the car keys and left my house. I went over my in-laws place. I ended up fucking Sandy for most of that evening. I took her pussy twice more and fucked her in the ass for the first time. Sandy also sucked me to completion. Sandy emptied me out of all my seed that night. My cock was raw after we finished.

When I finaly left and went home, Marie didn't say a word the rest of that weekend. Come Monday, she went to see a lawyer to file divorce papers. Sandy's husband did the same thing. I gathered up a few of my possessions, moved out of my house and got my own place.

When I finally got the divorce papers, they stated my wife was filing due to " Unusual Mental Cruelty." Ouch!

After Sandy and I were divorced from our spouses, we moved in together. The sex was fantastic with her. This was the person I had been looking for all along.

The day after the divorce was final, I received a call from my ex-wife. She said she had a change of heart, she was willing to take me back.

So I asked her if we would go back to the old way we lived, having sex once a month.

Marie's last reply to me, before she hung up the phone was, "You prick!"

Yes, my prick was the problem all along. I now had Sandy to make all that better. We made love everyday, sometimes twice a day. She is the one woman who can take my cock completely. Thank God I finally met her!