 I had just finished showering and after towelling myself dry, I pulled on a pair of loose running shorts an made my way to the kitchen when, I stopped to better view the lovely sight that was presented to me. Wearing a T-shirt that was doing nothing to hide her perfectly formed pert little bottom was my current girlfriend Sally. She was on tip toes reaching up into a cupboard searching for something. As usual she was singing along to a catchy, popular ballad that was currently sitting at third place in the charts and so was not immediately aware of me behind her. 

Sally was about a head shorter than me. Seeing her stood like that with her legs slightly apart was enough to send a couple of litres of blood surging into my cock giving me a raging hard on. Nothing new there, I seemed to have a hard on most of the time anyway and ever since meeting Sally even more so. Sally was gorgeous and quite simply sex on legs; I had never met anyone so incredibly horny. She loved sex, I loved sex, so following our natural healthy horny feelings, we had sex whenever we could. How Sally's flatmate Vicky ever got any sleep when Sally and I were in the next room enjoying ourselves I don't know.

Sally and I had been going out for about a month after meeting after a rugby match between universities. Our eyes met across the crowded club bar, there was an instant connection and we spent the rest of the weekend getting to know each other. Unfortunately the universities are about four hours apart, so we have only managed to get together during the weekends so far.

Anyway as I was saying there was Sally baring her gorgeous ass in front of me, so I did as any red blooded male would do in the circumstances and creeping quickly up to her I cupped her ass cheeks in my hands and squeezed gently. 

‘Ooh, what the fuck' squealed Sally, taken completely by surprise, she spun round quickly to face me. She smiled broadly and taking my face in her hands she kissed me, slipping her tongue between my lips and thrust her hips against me feeling my excitement.

‘Doesn't take much to get you excited I see.' She said, glancing down at my shorts where my erection was straining to break free. She quickly thrust her hand down the front of my shorts grabbing hold of my cock and gave it a tight squeeze.

‘Hah, up already,' She laughed and slowly massaged my hard cock.

‘Have I told you lately how incredibly sexy you look wearing just my t-shirt?'

‘Mmmm, I guess that explains the raging hard on, does it?' 

Much to my disappointment she stopped massaging my cock, and placing her hands behind my neck, drew my face to hers and we kissed again. We kissed softly at first, then harder and more passionately. All the time she was grinding herself against my erection.

I moved my hands up and began to explore her sexy body through her t-shirt. When I pinched her erect nipples, she giggled and moaned encouragement. Not that I needed much encouraging.

Sally had her eyes closed, with one hand in my hair and the other stroking my neck. Her breathing was shallow and she was moaning softly.

When I took her nipple between my lips, I felt her shudder slightly. I nibbled and licked at her erect nipples, moving back and forth between them, teasing her tenderly. My hands moved down to caress her pert ass. I ran my hand all over her ass enjoying her moans of encouragement as I moved one hand slowly to cup her pussy. 

When my hand pressed against her mound, Sally moaned and arched her hips upward, pushing against my hand. I ran my hand lightly over her pussy feeling her warm dampness. Sally moaned again and her legs parted, welcoming my hand between them. I ran my fingertip gently along her slit.

I gently pressed my fingertip between her lips, rubbing her clitoris. Sally moaned louder and spread her legs wider still, allowing me better access. I built up to a steady rhythm, responding to her gasps. Sally's breathing was quick and shallow, panting. Her moaning indicating her approaching orgasm she seemed to stop breathing for a while, before pumping her hips and letting out a low squeal. Her whole body shook with an intense orgasm. I had never experienced her reach orgasm as quickly before, not that I was not about to complain.

As her orgasm settled down, I slowly kissed and licked my way down her body, teasing her with my tongue. She let out a giggle as my tongue played with her belly button. I continued nibbling, kissing and licking my way down her exquisite body, eliciting soft sighs and moans of pleasure. I moved close to her sex and was able to smell her arousal, musky and inviting. I bypassed her pussy closely moving my head down between her legs. Licking at her inner thigh, I traced patterns with the tip of my tongue. Again I licked close to her pussy and moved away again teasing her. I could smell her excitement and see the moisture glistening on her pussy lips. 

Sally was making little cooing noises and breathing erratically as I continued with my teasing. As I reached the crease where her leg joins her pussy Sally let out a low moan. I lightly brushed over her slit with my lips, kissing her gently. Sally was continuously moaning softly, encouraging me in my quest. Her hips were bucking forward towards my mouth. I kissed her a little harder before using my tongue to separate her pussy lips, opening her up so that I could run my tongue up and down her sweet pussy. 


‘You taste fantastic,' I said, looking up to see Sally's eyes clenched tight shut, her lips parted as she took quick excited breaths.

‘Don't stop now` she gasped, pushing my head back to continue where I had left off. ‘Please just keep doing what you are doing'. She laughed excitedly.

‘Anything to keep madam happy.' Using my hands I gently spread her legs further apart and started to slowly fuck her with my tongue. I moved my tongue to the top of her slit and pressed it against her clitoris.

‘Mmm, yes, please,' Sally, pushed herself against my face. 

I was licking harder now, quicker, taking my direction from Sally's moans. Her legs had started to shudder lightly and her breathing was a series of gasps indicating her approaching orgasm. I took her clitoris into my mouth sucking gently. This was normally enough to bring Sally off and from the moans, gasps and way her pussy was being thrust into my face I knew she was not far off.

While still sucking on her I gently inserted a finger into her pussy then two and started finger fucking her slowly at first, speeding up as her breathing quickened. The sucking and finger fucking combined were enough to send Sally over the top.

With enough noise to waken most of the country Sally seemed to explode with pleasure. Her legs buckled from underneath her and she fell to the ground and still shaking rolled into a ball.

‘Ohmygod, ohmygod that was fantastic.' She laughed as she pulled me to her and covered my mouth in kisses. 

‘You are absolutely beautiful' I said, meaning it. I looked at her grinning inanely, looking very much like the cat that got the cream. She had a dreamy look in her eyes and seemed to almost glow. She was absolutely stunning. How did I land myself with someone so fantastic looking? I thought to myself. 

‘You're not too bad yourself, you know. And I think our little friend here needs a little loving too.' She purred, running her hands over the front of my shorts.

‘Hey, careful, not so much of the little, if you don't mind.' 

‘Let's see, just how big he is today then shall we.' Sally took hold of my shorts and was starting to slide them down when we heard Vicky's door closing and the sound of her humming to herself as she made her way towards the kitchen, towards us.

Like two naughty school kids we managed to stand and tried to look as if we had been doing nothing out of the ordinary, Sally and I grinning at each other stupidly. I had turned away from the doorway to busy myself with some cups, anything to try and hide my still very erect cock which was making absolutely no effort to go down.

I know it sounds silly, we knew Vicky must have heard the unmistakable sounds of our lovemaking on numerous occasions, but it was something different to actually being caught in the act. 

It must have been obvious what we had been up to. Sally was still flushed and looking very much like someone who had only just had cum. And she was still grinning fron ear to ear. 

‘Hi guys what's up?' Vicky cheerily enquired entering the kitchen. She stopped and glancing from one of us to the other she started laughing.

‘You horny gits, you can't keep your hands off each other for a moment. Looks like I came in too early or has Jim stuffed a banana down his shorts?'

‘Don't mind me' she continued, ‘ I'll just grab a bowl of cereal and an orange juice and leave you two love birds to it.'

I watched Vicky as she moved about the kitchen getting herself something to eat and compared her to Sally. Sally is a brunette with grey green eyes, Vicky is blonde with brown eyes. She is quite a looker. Not too dissimilar to Sally in build, same height, Vicky has slightly smaller breasts. They jutted up slightly, firm with erect nipples prominent beneath her t- shirt. I could just make out the line of her tiny panties. Sexy tight ass, I thought, and shapely legs. 

‘Earth calling Jim, have you quite finished ogling my best friend?' Sally playfully punched me on the shoulder laughing.

‘Is that cock of yours still at attention for me or has Vicky's cute little ass taken over?'

I could not believe I was still standing in the kitchen in the presence of these two gorgeous girls with my cock visibly hard pushing at my shorts. I admit I was still feeling horny from our earlier antics but to be so blatant was just not me. Maybe there was a bit of exhibitionist fighting to get out. 

‘Glad to be of assistance.' Vicky gave a cheeky wiggle as she sauntered out of the kitchen with her breakfast. ‘You had better sort his little problem out Sally before it breaks free and runs rampant.'

Vicky was giggling as she made her way back to her room.

‘Well?' Sally put her arms around my neck, drawing me closer towards her. ‘Is this all mine or has Vicky's sexy little ass been influencing it?'

Sally traced a fingernail up my cock making me gasp. She pulled the front of my shorts away from my stomach so she could ease them over my hard cock and down off my legs.

‘Believe me it is all yours.' I lifted my feet so she could remove the shorts completely.

‘Yeah okay, and you would complain if Vicky was to do this….' Kneeling in front of me she deftly took the head of my cock into her mouth. Her sexy eyes locked onto mine.

Sally moved her head up and down on my cock, sucking and licking. With one hand she was pumping me slowly while the other gently caressed my balls.

I knew we should have gone to Sally's room but what the hell. I was only human and feeling hornier than ever. I think the fact that Vicky could return and catch us at it at any minute only added to my excitement. I had never felt so hard in my life. 

I groaned as Sally sat back on her heels and looked up at me smiling sexily.

‘Maybe I should give Vicky a call, it seems greedy all this just for me. How would you like Vicky's sweet lips wrapped around your cock? Her hands wanking you like this.' Sally continued to pump her hand slowly up and down my cock. With her other hand caressing my ass, I could feel her finger probing my crack.

‘Maybe her tongue inserted here?'

I gasped loudly as Sally probed at my anus before slowly easing a finger inside me. Christ, it was proving difficult not to cum as I savoured the wonderful sensations Sally was creating and I found myself thinking of the gorgeous Vicky. What was Sally thinking of?

‘Cum for me, Jim, cum in my mouth.'

Sally took me in her mouth again and began to increase the speed of the strokes and the intensity of the sucking. Faster and faster she wanked me off. Harder and harder she sucked, her finger was deeper in my ass hole. I was almost there, I could feel myself ready to explode, my breathing was hard and fast.I could not hold back any more. My hips started to buck forwards as I lost control. I heard myself groan and with my knees buckling I erupted into Sally's exquisite mouth. 

She continued to suck me until I was spent and then tenderly kissed the head of my cock before standing up. 

‘You really were ready weren't you?'

Still panting I helped Sally to her feet and kissed her hard, tasting my cum on her.

‘You really are something else, what if Vicky had come along and seen us? That could have been embarrassing.'

‘I don't think she would have minded too much, she might even have enjoyed the show. I don't think she is getting much since she broke up with her Pete. It might have been what she needs.' Sally smiled mischievously.

‘If you turn around you could always ask yourself.' Sally, looked over my shoulder.

I turned slowly to find Vicky standing in the doorway. Her eyes bright and her cheeks flushed red. Her lips were parted, the pink tip of her tongue visible between them. Her eyes dropped to look at my cock before she looked at me in the eyes and smiled widely.

‘Don't mind me,' Vicky laughed, ‘As I said glad to be of assistance.'