 Having awoken before the alarm, but not wanting to disturb your sleep, I rise from the bed. My whole body is blissfully sore from the events of the previous night, and I smile as I stand and stretch. I look down at you, sleeping naked in my bed, and feel myself get wet. I am tempted to wake you, but I don't. I've promised myself to let you rest for a little while longer, knowing that we won't be able to keep our hands off of each other once you are awake, so I turn away and head to the bathroom.

Once in there, I close the door to muffle the sound, and turn on the water in the shower. I have no nightclothes to remove, having also slept naked, so I step into the shower stall as soon as the water is warm. I stand there for a moment, letting the water flow over my body, then move forward to get my hair wet so I can wash it. The attention you've given to every part of me has brought all of my nerve endings alive, so even this simple act of washing my hair has become sensual. I luxuriate in the feeling of the lather in my hands and on my head, and then of it cascading down my body as I rinse.

Done with rinsing, I open my eyes, and see you standing in the doorway. I'm momentarily startled, but I quickly smile.

"Did the noise of the water wake you?" I ask as I continue bathing.

"I'm not sure what woke me, but I got up when I noticed you weren't there in the bed," you reply as you start walking toward me. Your eyes roam over my body as I get the soap and start washing my body, your view unimpeded because of the clear shower curtain. You close the rest of the distance, a hungry look on your face and your nakedness making your arousal obvious.

Smiling at you, I try to warn you away. "This stall is too small for you to be in here, too. Wait a moment and I'll be done, and we can take care of that beautiful thing." As I voice that last though, I look down at your erection. To add emphasis, I lick my lips as I meet your gaze again.

"No, I can't wait. I had to wait long enough to fuck you, and while you are within reach and we're alone, I don't want to wait again." Having said that, you join me in the shower stall.

Suddenly, I'm in your arms again. There is no hesitating now. I knew there wouldn't be any today, with all that we did to each other last night , but your urgency still startles me. One of your hands goes to the back of my head, gathering a handful of my hair and bending my head back for your kiss. Your other hand moves between my legs and, with no build up, you slip a finger inside me. 

I feel your lips bend in a smile as you realize how wet I already am. You break the kiss, and bending down to whisper in my ear, you say, "I only stopped fucking you last night because you begged for a couple of hours of sleep. You got your sleep, and now I need to fuck you again." Resuming the kiss, you start moving your finger inside me, bending, probing, eventually finding my g spot, all the while driving me crazy. You lean back, which startles me, and I try to pull your head back down to mine.

"No, love. All I wanted to do last night was to feel that beautiful cunt of yours on my cock, but I need something else this morning. I've been dreaming of watching your face as you cum for so long, and you know that. That's what I need now." You kiss me one more time, quickly, and then you whisper in my ear, "Cum for me," and lean back again.

I nod, already gasping for breath and getting dizzy from the feeling of your finger inside me. I move my hands up to your shoulders to steady myself as my knees threaten to buckle. Your other hand moves away from the back of my head, trails over my shoulder, and down to my breast. I start to bend my head to look at your hand, but think better of it, looking you in the face instead. I see you smile, and know I made the right decision. Your hand pauses to test the weight of my breast, but continues down over my chest, my stomach, until finally your other hand finds my now swollen clit. You flick it playfully, and my knees once again almost buckle from the intensity of the sensation. A moan escapes my mouth, and you apply firmer pressure to my clit while continuing your assault on my g spot.

"Cum for me," you say again, the sound of your voice doing as much to bring me to orgasm as your hands. "I want you to cum hard, love."

Maybe it's the look in your eyes, or what you've said, or the insistent rhythm of your hands, but at that moment I feel my orgasm begin to build, and I moan in a way you've started to recognize. Fighting to keep my eyes open, wanting to watch you watching me, I see your eyes roaming over my face and my body. Your expression has changed to one of possessiveness, and you say it again, "Oh, cum for me. Cum for me."

As if on command, the built up pressure finally explodes as my orgasm rips through me. I manage to take enough breath in, and I tell you what you already know, "I'm cumming. Oh God, I'm cumming."

You do not lessen your pace or pressure at all, and as my orgasm starts to subside I feel another one building. You feel my nails digging into your shoulders as my high-pitched moans announce my second orgasm. The second one lasts longer, and I know I'm shaking, but I don't want it to stop. Unable to resist any longer, my eyes drift close, and I hear you growl. Your hands, your amazing hands, never stop, and I feel your lips on mine as I lose myself in a third orgasm.

When it finally recedes, I open my eyes, and, blushing slightly, I smile. "That was amazing. Now, are you going to let me return the favor?"