 She has just turned forty, but before you make that mental image of her subtract ten years. She could easily pass for thirty. She’s kept herself fit and trim and she has the energy of someone at least ten years younger. When I met her a dozen years ago she still looked to be in her late teens instead of a woman approaching thirty. She’s not the big-breasted, long-legged woman that seems to be the norm in these stories. She is, in fact, only 4 feet 11 inches tall. I know because one of her catch phrases is, “What I wouldn’t give for one more inch, to be 5 feet tall…” She has hair that’s colored at the salon on a regular basis to be a golden blonde. She keeps it cut to where it just touches her shoulders. She has legs that are to die for, soft and smooth, but muscular. Her eyes are brown and so is the small tuft of hair above her cunny. She wears a size zero. There are many stores she can’t shop because even the petite sizes are too big for her. Now she has found a specialty store that caters to small women, but early on she often had to buy clothes off the children’s rack. I met her before the days of the Wonderbra, so I know that what she shows now is not all her. As I go on you’ll see that I have more than that to prove it. To me, she is the ideal woman. She is beautiful in a womanly way and still has an air of innocence about her because she has a child’s body. One day, when I made a comment about her ass, she said, “Yeah, right, the ass of a twelve-year-old girl.” Let me tell you, there are a lot of twelve-year-old girls out there who wish they had an ass that firm and tight. I’m not a pedophile, but this girlish quality about her just does something extra for me. 

Anyway, I reported to my new job early one Monday morning. I met my boss, and we sat at the break room table waiting for time to start. I was sitting with my back to a window with the sun shining in on a Spring day. In walks Gloria to stand next to the time clock. It was all I could do not to jump up and try some line on her. She looked like something that had stepped right out of my fantasies and into my life. Because of the bright sunlight behind me she didn’t even notice that I was there. My boss didn’t say anything by way of introduction, so she just punched her card at the right time and left the room. I didn’t inquire about her because I didn’t know the politics of the situation. What if this was my new boss’s girlfriend and I came on to her? So, I bided my time and waited for the answers to come to me.

I later learned that she was not someone’s girlfriend, she was someone’s wife and that she was very happy to be married to him. She was one of those women who didn’t fool around, even though guys hit on her every day. This only made her more appealing to me, as I had been married more than once and every wife or girlfriend I’d ever had had cheated on me at some time. I settled for being friends with this delightful creature and taking every opportunity to steal a glimpse up her skirt or down her blouse. She likes to wear her skirts above the knee and she has this habit of sitting with one leg up under her and the other crossed over it. Even with the most modest of skirts she shows a lot of leg. Over time we got to be good friends and started going out for lunch now and then. She would pay one time and I’d pay the next. She began to confide in me and I reciprocated. That’s where it stayed for ten years, just good friends. During that time my boss moved on to bigger and better things and I inherited his job, and his secretary, Gloria.

Then, one day it changed. She confided in me that her husband wasn’t giving her what she needed. She’d made some comments from time to time about their love life and it seemed that everything was fine between them. But, as she said, “You’ve heard those stories about how a woman reaches a certain age and she wants more? Well, it’s true. I want more and he’s not giving me more. In fact, he’s giving me less. I know his job is physical. He works hard and he doesn’t have the energy he had twenty years ago, but knowing that doesn’t help me. I have needs and he’s not coming through for me. And worst of all is that he still calls me his ‘Little Girl’. I’ve been short all my life and taken all the jokes about being the shortest one in class all through school. I’m a woman and he doesn’t see it.”

Well, I tried to do the right thing, I really did. This was my friend, the one who brought all her problems to me and trusted me. Also, she was my secretary, the one person in the whole company that I could lose my job over. Also, her husband really is six foot four and able to turn me into a pretzel if he were ever to find out. I told her that this doesn’t mean he doesn’t love her or want her. I told her that she needs to make it plain to him what she wants. I told her that sometimes a man’s body won’t do what he wants it to do. I told her that I couldn’t help her with her problem. Believe me, it wasn’t easy to do this when I really wanted to lay her down and ravish her that very moment, but I managed to do the right thing. She listened and said that she knows all that, but it doesn’t help.

We continued to talk about this a little each day, and each day it got to be harder to do the right thing. Each day she would cross the line a little bit and I would cross it a little bit. Nothing much, really, we’d trade flirty comments at first. Then I saw her reading a romance novel and said that men’s books are more graphic than women’s books. She took up the challenge and brought me one to read. Let me tell you guys, the women read the same stuff we do. The biggest difference is that they’ll tell what fabrics the curtains are made of while the woman is getting her brains fucked out. All the action is there. After we had traded a few books we went on to movies. I gave her one with a pretty racy episode (The Thomas Crown Affair) and waited for her reaction. She brought it back and told me that it wasn’t all that. I said, “Well, it’s got a lot of action, lots of flesh, there’s no doubt what they’re supposed to be doing. If you want much more than that I can probably accommodate you.” She accepted, so I brought her a tape with some real porn on it. She brought it back and wanted more, and more after that. I asked her what she thought about them and she said, “I don’t know. Maybe it would help if I could watch them with you and ask questions.” I told her I didn’t know how we could manage it and she informed me that her husband took her son every other weekend on a fishing trip. She has all kinds of time, but she was afraid to use it for something like this. I saw an opening, but the thought of what he would do if we got caught still made me a bit cautious.

One day she told me that she had had a few fantasies involving me. This really caught my attention and I asked her to tell me about it; she wouldn’t. But she said that we could go to her house for lunch, where she felt safe, and there she would tell me about it. By now we were going out for lunch every week, so it wouldn’t seem strange to anyone that we did this week. We went to her house and stopped on the way for burgers that neither of us had the stomach for. Once inside, I saw that she had set up a card table for us and we sat down facing each other. She started to tell me about this fantasy she’d had. ‘She had come into my office with the mail and I had asked her to look over a catalog. She came to my side of the desk and was looking through it. As she did, I began to run my hands up and down her legs. Each time my hands came up, her skirt rose a little higher until her pantyhose-covered ass was exposed to my view. I sat there a while admiring this ass that I had wanted to see for so long, and then I slowly pushed her pantyhose down till they were around her knees. I took my time kneading her tight, firm globes and planting kisses on the tops of her thighs. Then I slowly pushed her panties down and stood behind her, rubbing my cock against her bare flesh. She heard my zipper come down as I pushed her down onto my desk and spread her feet apart with one of mine. She was so small that she didn’t even have to bend her knees; she just laid her whole upper body across my desk. Then she felt me enter her and thrilled as I pounded into her from behind.’ After telling me this and making my cock hard as iron, she said that she still loved her husband and didn’t want to cheat on him. She wanted me to be her “non-sexual sex partner”. I said OK, but I realized the possibilities.

Over the next few weeks I worked on her and she began to loosen up. When she came into my office I would give her compliments on how good she looked in whatever she wore that day. I would play up how beautiful she is (an easy task, since she is) and how much of an alluring Woman (not little girl) she is. I would occasionally take her hand and this escalated to laying a hand on her shoulder, then to the small of her back, then to rubbing her back and giving her hugs. In hardly any time at all we were coming in an hour early to be together. She would sit on my lap while I rubbed her legs. This too began to escalate. After a few days I was rubbing her legs all the way up to her pussy while my other hand was rubbing and squeezing her tits. One day she spent almost the whole day in my office and by the end of it she was ready for almost anything. I took that opportunity to finally get a taste of her pussy. I paid attention to all the right spots and licked her inside and out for a good twenty minutes before she grabbed my head and pulled me tightly into her while she fucked my face for all she was worth. I knew then that it was only a matter of time before I fucked her.

Our early morning routine became the highlight of the day. I seldom let her get away from me without giving her at least one good orgasm in the morning. She often went to her desk with that fresh-fucked look about her. In the meantime, I started working on getting her to meet me on the weekends when hubby was gone. I tried to suggest things that were innocent; going to the mall or out to lunch. She wouldn’t hear of it. She was afraid that someone might see us together and figure it all out.

Eventually, she agreed to meet me at my office one Saturday. Once there, I got her to come home with me. We began to talk, then to caress and kiss each other. It wasn’t long before things began to heat up. I pulled her shirt off and pulled off mine. She became really passionate and kissed my nipples as she rubbed my cock through my jeans. I tried to sit her on my lap and instead she turned to face me. She straddled me and ground her panty-clad pussy against my raging hardon. As she hunched her pussy against me I reached down the back of her panties and squeezed her perfect ass. Her arms were around my neck and her tongue was having a field day in my mouth. After a short time I knew it was now or never. I stood up and she wrapped her legs around me (those fabulous legs), then I carried her down the hall to my bed.

I laid her on the bed, a king-sized waterbed (I know, but I like it and so did she), and came down on top of her, still dick-to-cunt. I kissed and licked every part of her that was exposed and she did the same to me. Then I stood up and began to take off what was left of my clothes. She watched with full attention, remember that I was the only man she’d ever seen naked besides her husband. I then kneeled on the bed and took away her covering. With each revelation I praised her and kissed and licked every inch of exposed flesh. When we were both finally naked I started at her gorgeous face and planted kisses over every part of her down to her toes, then I made my way up again until I reached her pussy. I already knew how sweet it was and I spent lots of time there, kissing and licking and sucking on her. I didn’t move from her juicy cunt until she came all over me, pushing her pussy up into my face with only her shoulders and the bottoms of her feet pressed against the bed. Only then did I move up again, kissing and licking my way up her body until we were face-to-face once more.

I shoved my tongue into her mouth as I mauled her beautiful small tits and pressed my hard meat against her pussy. I rose up on my elbows and said, “It’s time now, I’m going to fuck you. If you want me stop you have to say so now.” Instead of that she said, “Yes, please fuck me. I want to feel you inside me. Push your dick in me now, I want it.” With that I began to thrust against her. She was so tight I couldn’t believe it. I’m not hung like a horse, far from it. I don’t claim to have eight or ten inches like most of the guys who write these stories. I’m just an average guy, but still she was tight and as I pushed into her she moaned and said, “Oh God, oh God, I can’t believe it!”, and pushed up to meet me. One small bit at a time I felt myself sinking into her until I finally reached the place where her pelvis and mine were firmly pressed against each other. It seemed like the end of all fantasies. This woman whom I had fucked countless times in my mind was in my bed and moaning beneath me. Knowing that I am not anything special, I asked her if she was disappointed and she said, “No, I’m not disappointed. Now fuck me.” So I did. I reached under her and grabbed her luscious ass and began to thrust in and out, in and out, now and then I’d kiss her while we fucked, or suck her nipple into my mouth.

After a while I rolled over and pulled her with me so she would be on top. Then she took over and fucked me like there was no tomorrow, working that little ass of hers and scraping across the underside of my cock till it drove me crazy. Here was that little woman who, not so long ago, I thought was untouchable, fucking me like a ten dollar whore and screaming out things like, “Oh, your dick feels so good inside me!’ and “Hold me while I come again!” and “Please fuck me harder. I’ve never felt like this!” Then the phone rang and she went berserk. She jumped off of me and hid on the floor beside my bed.

I let the answering machine get it and heard that someone was only a few blocks from my apartment. I tried to get her to come back up on the bed, but she wouldn’t. Remember that she’s still married and terrified that someone will find her out. So, I did the next best thing. I got down on the floor with her. I laid down behind her and we waited. By the time the knock came on the door I was inside her again, fucking her from behind and I put my hand over her mouth to muffle her moans while my uninvited guests banged on the door. They were sure that I was home and only asleep because my car was parked outside. Little did they know that while they knocked over and over again I was inside throwing the meat to my secretary, thrusting my pelvis against her backside with my hand over her mouth.

Eventually they went away and we got up on the bed again. This time I was ready to come, having given her hers a couple of times. I had her kneel in front of me and I pushed into her from behind. I grabbed hold of her hips and watched her little brown asshole as I pounded into her. She took two hands full of my sheets and squeezed as I slapped against her ass. I watched it turn red just as if I had been giving her a spanking and listened to the smack, smack, smack of our union. Her moans were muffled in the pillow her face was pressed into and I fucked her hard for what seemed to be an hour or more. I heard her moan deeply as she came again and then she said, “OH, fuck me, fuck me. Come for me! I want to feel your come in me!” That was the final straw. I couldn’t hold back anymore and shot my load into this gorgeous treasure of a woman. It felt so good I couldn’t stop and kept thrusting into her long after I was dry.

We lay there for a while and I started rubbing her pussy again. I knew that I couldn’t get it up anytime soon, but I wasn’t ready to let go of this fabulous woman, not yet. Then I did something I’ve never done before. I began to kiss her all over and worked my way down her body until I was licking her just-fucked pussy. The thought of tasting my own come had always been a turn-off for me, but here I was digging into her juicy pussy all the same. And I didn’t stop until I heard her screaming out another orgasm and trying to push me away from that juicy cunt of hers. I don’t regret it and I’d do it again in a heartbeat.

After we both caught our breath and lay in each other’s arms for a while we both got dressed and I took her back to the office, where she got in her car and drove away. There have been several episodes after this, but none to match the first time. It was almost as though I took her virginity, and I guess in a way I did. She’ll never again be able to say that she doesn’t cheat. Maybe this makes me a bad person, but I don’t care. I’ll do whatever I have to do to keep fucking this woman and I’m not ashamed.