 Journal Entry: Saturday, Apr 22, 1989 --Her Name Was G-L-O-Rrrr-I-A

I'm posting some of the journal entries from my college years. In case you were wondering the stories are true. In case you're keeping score at home, this is entry number 6. If you missed out on any of the earlier adventures, they're posted. Cheers! 

*

My spring semester was going rather well. Robin and I had pretty much broken up but, while I hated to see her go, Pat more than made up for the loss. Between her and Patty I was getting laid nearly every day; trading back and forth between them kept my sex life from getting boring. The only problem I had was no one to lay on the weekends when their boyfriends were in town. But I was so busy during the week that I hardly noticed. That is until I ran into Gloria at the coffee shop one Saturday morning. 

I better back up and explain who Gloria was. Robin had been a volunteer 'big sister' at a group home for juvenile delinquent boys. I used to go with her sometimes before taking her home to fuck. Anyway Gloria was the group home director. She was a nice lady probably 6 or 7 years my senior. She was short and fat, what one might call pleasantly plump. I had considered her a nice, quiet, conservative lady. I had never thought for an instant about getting into her pants. She just didn't seem the type.

When I ran into her at the coffee shop she greeted me warmly and we sat and talked. I still had no illusions about doing her but for the first time I did notice she was very cute and had, hidden beneath her conservative shirt, what could have been a nice rack of tits. She finally said, "I'm all out of coffee; why don't you walk me home and we can catch up. It's just a few blocks."

"That would be cool," I agreed, getting the first little indication she might be interested in doing more than just talking. But I quickly put that thought out of my mind.

When we arrived she invited me in. "My roommates are gone for the weekend so we can relax and catch up." She sat down on the floor in front of the stereo, "Help me pick out some music," she said. I don't remember what we picked out but she suggestively rubbed her shoulder against mine as we. She sat cross legged on the floor and I sat across from her. All the shades were drawn tight and the room was dark.

"Do you smoke?" she asked, pulling a tray of marijuana from behind the stereo. 

"Sure," I grinned as she rolled a huge fatty. Suddenly this stodgy, conservative lady before me was replaced by a cute, affable, hip, very fuckable babe. After 2 or 3 hits I knew I had to have her. Her eyes were saying, "Take me," so after we finished the joint and she was busy rolling another one I leaned forward and kissed her full on the mouth. Her lips parted and her tongue darted out to meet mine. We traded probing tongues for several minutes before breaking. She calmly lit the joint she had rolled. "I've wanted to do you since the day we first met," she smiled as she passed the joint, "but Robin was a nice kid; I didn't want to step on her turf." 

"And here I always thought of you as this prim, proper lady," I replied, "this is great shit by the way." My head was already reeling. 

"Thanks," she said. She took a hit and passed the joint. "Do you think it's getting hot in here?" she asked. "Perhaps a little," I replied. She grinned and pulled off her top. I was staring smack dab at two of the biggest tits I had ever seen. They were easily bigger than Patti's. I choked on the joint and she laughed. Reaching back and releasing her bra she asked, "What do you think about me now?" 

"I think you're incredibly hot," I replied removing my shirt, "I also think those are the most beautiful tits I've ever seen." We sat and finished the joint topless. I just kept staring at her lovely, fat tits. They jutted proudly from her chest before succumbing to the force of gravity and spilling down her chest. Her nipples were large and full.

"Do you think I should fire up another one?" she asked. 

My head was about as toasted as it had ever been. "I'm pretty fucked up right now," I told her. At least I thought I told her. I couldn't tell if words came out of my mouth or not. 

"Maybe I'll just have a hit or two," she said, "You can suck my tits while I finish this if you like."

"I like," I grinned, "That sounds delicious." As she fired up her third joint I cupped her massive tits and raised them to my mouth. It was easy to suck both nips together. I ran my tongue all over her tits and chewed her hard nipples.

She set down her joint and sighed, "There's nothing better than getting fucked up and fucking." I picked up the joint and took a hit. "Can you help me slide out of these pants honey?" she added. She lay on her back and pushed her pants and panties down from her chubby waist while I pulled them off. Like I said, she was a fat girl but she had a well maintained, closely shaved pussy which she showed off by spreading her legs. 

"Now that looks very fucking good," I smiled.

"Good enough to eat?" she asked. 

"Fuck yes," I said, diving down between her legs. I slid my tongue up and down her slit licking up her succulent love juice. She was quite wet already and getting wetter as I worked my tongue between her lips and deep into her pussy. 

"How do I taste?" she sighed. 

"Delicious!" I replied, "I love eating pussy." 

"That's good to hear," she continued, "because sometimes I get so turned on I squirt; I didn't want to cum all over you." 

"Baby, " I replied, "I love getting cum all over me. I'm going to keep eating your pussy until you squirt so you just lay back and enjoy." 

"How sweet," she said, running her hands through my hair. 

I reached up and massaged her tits, squeezing them and pinching her nipples. As I moved my tongue to her clit she started moaning. She came as I started nibbling her clit. She was wet and I loved licking her cum. 

"That's nice, baby," she said after she finished cuming, "you do that so fucking well. I'm sorry I didn't squirt for you." 

"That's OK," I grinned, "I'm just getting started." I ran my tongue up and down her slit again, licking up her cum. She did taste very delicious. 

"Oooh my," she sighed, "I like a man who has perseverance."

"I really love eating pussy," I replied, "especially sweet ones like yours." 

While I concentrated on sucking her clit, I slid a couple fingers into her cunt and started finger fucking her. She started moaning louder but wasn't quite there so I ran my tongue down her slit, around my fingers, and licked around her cute, pink asshole. "Sweet holy fuck!" she screamed, "that feels so good." Encouraged I ran my tongue around and around her asshole while she started patting her clit. "Oh fuck, baby, oh fuck" she cried, "I'm going to fucking explode." When I slid the tip of my tongue inside her asshole she went crazy on my face. I pulled my fingers from her cunt and the bitch started squirting all over me. I'd seen it in movies before but never in real life. I tried to catch it all in my mouth but she squirted again and sprayed cum all over my face and hair. I lapped up as much as I could and let the rest run down my chest. 

"That was fucking amazing," I said, "let's do that again!" I returned to licking her clit, pussy, and asshole until, sure enough, as soon as I slipped my tongue into her asshole, she started to squirt again. There was no way I could lick up all her cum but that didn't stop me from trying.

She smiled and stroked my hair. "I've never had anyone suck me while I squired before," she moaned, "that was simply great. Come up here and kiss me." 

I climbed up her body, stopping to suck her wonderful tits and we made out for quite awhile. My head was still reeling so I lost track of the time. At some point Gloria asked if I minded if she sucked my cock. I couldn't much tell if I was hard or not but I told her to go ahead anyway. 

She pulled my pants off and my cock was shriveled up to nothing. "That's alright," she said, "it's not the size that counts." I could tell she was disappointed.

"Show it a little love," I suggested, "and perhaps it'll come around. Sometimes the best things come in small packages." 

She took my tiny little cock between two fingers and gingerly stuck it in her mouth. I started growing almost immediately. "That's better," she smiled when I was about half my normal size, "I can deal with this." 

"Keep sucking, honey," I urged her, "I think I might grow a little bit more." 

She deep throated my 6" cock but soon she started choking as my cock grew inside her mouth to its full 10". "Holy shit!" she gagged, "why didn't you tell me you were hung like a fucking horse?" 

I laughed as she ran her tongue up and down my engorged shaft. "I thought it'd be fun to surprise you," I said. 

She grinned up at me, "You're full of surprises," she sighed. 

"And how would you like to be full of cock?" I asked. 

She was still sitting cross legged in front of me. She didn't say a word as she crawled in my lap and sat down on my cock, slowly driving it deep into her quivering pussy. "Oh fuck, baby," she purred, "that's even better than I imagined. I can't believe Robin ever let a cock like this get away." 

"Well," I told her as we began to fuck in earnest, "I don't think she liked the fact that I was putting it to 2 or 3 other girls at the same time." 

By that time Gloria's eyes were rolled back in her head and she was cuming like crazy. I grabbed her tits and held on for the ride as she rode her pussy up and down my shaft like a wild woman.

"Holy fuck that was good," Gloria said when she finally stopped cuming. 

"No reason to stop now," I said, rolling her over on her back and pounding my cock into her pussy, "my cock will stay hard as long as we keep fucking." 

"Another reason I like to get fucked up and fuck," she agreed, "you can fuck forever." We did, indeed, fuck hard and heavy for another hour or so before I shot her a huge load of hot, sticky cum. "I'm thirsty, hon," she said, "crawling out from under me, "do you want anything?" 

"Whatever you're having," I said, watching her fat ass disappear into the kitchen, cum dripping down her leg. She returned with some lemonade and Doritos which we devoured in short order. "Can you do me a favor?" I asked as she fired up a joint. The girl really enjoyed her dope. 

"What's that?" she said. 

"Cum sit on my lap while we smoke that." 

"I like the way you think," she giggled. She handed me the joint and sat her pussy down on my rock hard cock. "I do love the way your cock fills my pussy," she sighed as we traded shot gun hits back and forth, "I can't believe you're able to stay hard so long."

"Me either, "I grinned, "there must be because you're so hot." 

"Whatever it is, "she moaned, "I'm loving it." 

We fucked nice and slow for an hour or so before I topped off her pussy with another load of cum. "Are you all out of gas yet?" Gloria asked with a grin. 

"Do me a favor and hold your ass up about 10" in the air and we'll find out," I said. She balanced herself and I gave her 30 or 40 good, hard, ass pounding thrusts, topping it off with my third load of cum. My cock remained rock hard. "Not yet" I grinned.

"This is beyond a doubt the best fucking I've ever had," she moaned as I lay on my back and she rode my cock. I reached up and played with her tits as we fucked the afternoon away. It must have been around 5 o'clock when we both came again. Gloria rolled off my cock and lay beside me panting, cum running from her cunt, draining down the crack of her ass. "That was surreal," she said, "I've never had a guy cum 4 times before."

"Care to try for number 5?" I asked. She looked down and my cock was just as hard as when we started. 

"Un-fucking real," she sighed, "but my pussy is awfully sore from being reamed by your monster cock."

"I understand," I replied. 

"But," she grinned, "Before you interrupted I was going to say my asshole is feeling like it could stand a good, hard fucking."

She rolled over on her hands and knees and reached back and spread her ass cheeks for me. I scooped a handful of cum from her pussy and rubbed it into her asshole and on my cock and slipped the tip into her asshole. "Take it easy," she moaned, "you're a lot bigger than I'm used to." 

"I'll just hold your tits baby," I told her, "and you ease back and take as much cock as you can handle." 

"Oh it feels so good, baby," she cried as she slowly backed my cock into her asshole. She was rubbing her clit and cuming before my cock was half way home. By the time she finished cuming, my cock was crammed all the way home. "Oh fuck, baby, I'm going to pass out. Fuck my asshole hard, darling. Make me cum like a school girl on prom night. Fuck my ass off." 

I did my best. I grabbed her hips and started slamming my cock in and out of her tight, puckered asshole; her fat ass cheeks shimmering from the contact. She was so hot and her asshole was so tight that it only took me a half hour of good, hard fucking to give her asshole a nice cream filling. 

She lay panting on the floor totally spent. I got up and started gathering my cloths. I covered her with a blanket from the couch and kissed her good bye, shoving her bra in my pocket for a souvenir to remember the greatest afternoon of fucking in my life.

I somehow found my way home around 6 or so. I fell into the shower, totally exhausted. I felt a little better after. I was just getting dressed when the phone rang. It was Patty.

"Hey lover," she said, "I've been trying to call you all day. Frank couldn't make it this weekend and I wanted to know if you wanted to fool around."

"I just got home from working out all day long," I told her, "and I need to eat. We can go out and catch some dinner and see what comes up." 

"Cool!" she said. 

"I can't promise you anything after my workout this afternoon," I cautioned. 

"No problem," she replied, "I didn't want to sleep alone tonight." 

We had a nice meal and several beers and I was feeling much better. We made it back to my place and as we were getting undressed for bed I actually felt a bit of a tingling at the base of my cock. Patty sat on the bed and took my half hard cock in her hands. 

"It looks like you weren't completely exhausted by your workout," she said, stroking my cock and licking the tip. 

"I always save some for you, baby," I told her as she sucked my cock back to life. I had to admit I was a bit amazed I able to get it up again, but who was complaining. 

"So how was she?" Patty asked between licks, "From the new bra hanging on your wall it looks like she had some big tits."

"She was good," I replied, "but not as good as you." 

"You always know what to say to make a girl feel good," she smiled. 

"I have to admit, however," I continued, "We'll probably have to fuck all night if you want any cum for your pussy."

"I don't know how I shall ever be able to handle that," she laughed, "I guess sometimes there are benefits to being second in line." 

We crawled into bed and Patty climbed on top and mounted me, riding my cock slowly up and down. "Ahhhhm," I sighed, "it's good to be home." 

"It does feel good, doesn't it," Patty agreed. 

I reached up and grabbed her tits and pulled her down to me so I could suck them. I ran my tongue all over her beauties and chewed on her nipples. 

"So?" she moaned, "are these as big as your new bimbo's?" 

"She had about 50 pounds on you, baby, so her tits were a little bigger, "I explained, "but yours are much nicer." 

"So you banged a fat chic, " she grinned. 

The thought of grass houses and stones ran through my head but instead, "I'm an equal opportunity fucker," I told her, "no discrimination around here."

"Being such a fair minded fucker," she moaned, "you wouldn't mind if I came, would you?"

"By all means," I told her as I crammed both nipples into my mouth and bit down gently, "cum all over my cock as often as you like." 

"Ooh harder!" she cried. 

"Fucking or biting?" I asked. 

"Both," she screamed. 

I bit down on her nipples and fucked her hard enough to raise her up off the bed as she exploded. 

"Oh fuck that was good, honey," she moaned after she finished cuming, "I'm so glad you had something left for me."

"I'm happy to please," I replied with a grin.

"What did you do this afternoon, "she asked, "cum 2 or 3 times?" 

"Try 5," I grinned. 

"Holy shit!" she exclaimed as she slowly rode my cock, "you're a fucking superman. I'm surprised you have anything left." 

"To tell you the truth," I smiled, "until I saw your naked body waiting to be fucked, so was I."

"Not only that," she continued, "you must have worn out that poor girl's pussy." 

"Well," I admitted, "the last go around involved an alternative orifice." 

"Ooh, " she purred, "can we try that?"

"Anything for you, baby," I grinned. 

"You don't mind if I lube this up first," she asked as she hopped down off my cock and took it between her lips. 

"Oh no," I kidded her, "please, don't suck my cock." 

She laughed as she slobbered all over my cock. "Shut up and fuck my asshole," she smiled, climbing on top me and spreading her cheeks. I grabbed my cock and maneuvered it towards her asshole. "Back a little bit," she directed, "there you go. Ahhh, fuck that's good." She started cuming again as my cock slowly slid into her tight, little asshole. I grabbed her tits and pulled her down to me so we could make out while I slid my cock in and out of her asshole. 

"You're such a great piece of ass, baby," I told her, "I'm glad you were free tonight."