 It is quiet around Pismo Beach this week. My steady lady, Catherine, left for Southern California to visit her daughter, so I have free time on my hands. I haven't seen my friend Lynette for several weeks. She keeps busy over at the adult sex shop in Grover Beach. She's been working there for about six months now and was just promoted to Assistant Manager. I stop in from time to time and visit; the last time was three weeks ago to pick up some cherry lube.

By late afternoon I've finished my chores and head over to Diamond Adult World. As I walk through the front door, I see that I am the only one here. Lynette spots me from the back of the store and runs over for a big hug. She mashes her large breasts into my chest.

"Rob, it's so good to see you. Are you here for more cherry lube? You really need to give your Fleshlight a break, you'll wear it out."

"You're so sweet Lynette. No, I don't need any lube today, I'm here to see you. It's been a while since we last got together. How are you doing? Work going OK?"

"Oh yes, work is great, we just got some new vibrators and I'm dying to try them out. I am so happy to be working days now, rather than late nights. I have Tuesday's off, so I've been working on my tan over at Avila Beach."

"The boss is still letting you sample the inventory?"

"That's right. Now, as Assistant Manager, I'm expected to write reviews for our blog on all the new products. I can't give an honest answer without first using the merchandise. These new vibrators have curved ends to stimulate my G-spot. You know how I love to have my G-spot stimulated."

"Yes, I do. I still remember our first evening when you took me home and tried out lots of goodies. You had me hand-cuffed to your bed and then used a cock ring and butt plug on me. How about I help you evaluate those vibrators?"

Lynette responded, "I think that can be arranged."

I offer to take her to dinner after her shift and she gladly accepts. Before, I can say another word, two people walk through the front door. Lynette goes over to offer her assistance and I mosey on back to the lingerie area. I love sorting through the corsets, bras and thongs. Lynette keeps tabs on me and occasionally blows me a kiss. I feel like a kid in the candy store.

A few more people enter the store and browse through the video section. I remember Lynette telling me there are two video viewing rooms, but they are seldom used. Most customers are here to buy toys and lingerie.

Lynette had her hands full with this late flock of buyers, so I move on to the back wall where the vibrators and dildos are displayed. I want to have a look at this new one Lynette is raving about. I keep myself busy looking at the variety of sex toys and reading the package notes. All of them state that your pleasure will be unmatched. I spot the new crop of magic wands prominently displayed at eye level. This lady knows how to market her products.

The new vibrators are lined up in a row. I'm amazed by the different colors: lime green, neon orange, pink, purple and sky blue. Wow, a color for every taste. I grab the lime green box and open it. The vibe is a solid two inches in diameter with a super smooth hard rubber nine-inch shaft. The last two inches of the tip bend for added pleasure. I slide my fingers back and forth along the smooth sides. The liner notes on the box say that the variable speed and patented J-tip will have you squirting every time. Lynette is going to love this sliding along her wet pussy. I'm so focused on the wall of dildos, I don't realize the other customers have left and it's now 5:30 PM. Lynette touches my shoulder and kisses my cheek.

"Hey, whatcha got there?"

"Just looking at your new toys. Which color do you want? The box says you'll be squirting all night long."

"I think neon orange would look good sliding between my thighs."

I put the green dildo back in the box and grab a neon orange vibrator for Lynette to take home.

"Well, Rob, you promised dinner. Where are you taking me?"

"How about Rosa's Italian restaurant? It's a favorite and quite romantic."

"Sounds delicious, it's my favorite too. Well my co-worker, Jayne is here to take over for me, so we can leave anytime."

"I hope you aren't taking home a bagful of toys like the first time. I don't need to be handcuffed and a butt plug shoved up my ass."

"Hey, you loved it, admit it. No, tonight it's just the orange vibrator. I'm going to let you pleasure me. Oh, and by the way, I have a special request for you. I met a lady from Iowa and her cousin at Avila Beach yesterday. Well, I'll tell you all about them at dinner. I'm starving."

I help Lynette up into my truck with a nice push on her rear end. She slides in and sits right next to me. She puts her hand on my thigh and slides it back and forth. My cock twitches thinking about our night of love making. A fact that doesn't go unnoticed by Lynette. It's a short drive up Highway 101 to the Price Street offramp and Rosa's. Lynette doesn't grab my cock which surprises me. I guess she is saving it for tonight. Once we are seated and dinner ordered, I ask Lynette about the special request.

"Well, let me tell you about my day at Avila Beach. I was in my usual spot, you know the one. It's where I spied on you and your neighbor with the big tits. Gawd, I loved looking at her tits. Anyway, I'm all settled, I've got my sunscreen all over my body and I'm reclining on my elbows with my legs spread."

"That's a lovely image, sorry I wasn't with you."

"Me too, maybe next time. These two ladies come walking by; they appeared to be in their late thirties or early forties. Very pale skin and one is leading the way. The other gal seemed a bit reluctant, maybe the nude beach wasn't her thing. The one lady drops her towel and backpack ten feet to the side of me. She spreads her towel out and boom, she pulls her sundress over her head and is completely naked."

I smile at Lynette, "I like where this is going"

"So, she looks at me and smiles. I nod my head to acknowledge her. She is very pale and has really nice, big breasts."

I inquire, "As big as yours?"

"Yep, as big as mine, probably Double-D, but white as this table cloth. Nice big, pink nipples too. She plopped down on her towel, but her friend continued to walk another twenty feet or so and then turned around. She was pacing back and forth, and I could tell she was uncomfortable being this close to me. After all, there I was, all naked and tan. My big boobs were glistening in the sun and my furry Mound of Venus was visible to everyone."

"Yep, there you were."

"I had been running my fingers through my thick thatch of pubes, so my hair was all nice and puffy, just the way you like it. Finally, the second gal throws her towel down and sits. She keeps her sundress on."

"So, what happened? I know this is not the end of the story."

"The two ladies were whispering to each other and shaking their heads. And then, not more than three minutes later, the naked lady looks over to me and says, wow, I love your tan, you must come here often. This is my first time to a nude beach, but my cousin Alison has been here before. I'm from Iowa and escaping the cold weather and my family for a couple of weeks. Alison lives in Santa Maria, so I'm staying with her and really enjoying the California coast.

"Wow, she was a talkative one for just meeting a stranger."

"I think she wanted to tell me her life story. Her cousin was quiet as a church mouse. I was happy to listen and stare at her huge breasts. They kept swaying back and forth as she spoke. Finally, I had to tell her she needed to use some sunscreen because the sun can be brutal and the last thing she needed is sunburn boobs. She thanked me for the suggestion and pulled out a huge bottle of lotion. I watched her slather the sunscreen all over her body. She spent several minutes rubbing the lotion into her tits, massaging and squeezing each mound of flesh."

"I bet you were enjoying the scene."

"Yep, I was drooling the whole time, and her nipples were very erect the whole time. I was wondering if she was doing it for my benefit. Next, she spread her legs and began rubbing lotion into her thighs. It was then that I spotted a thick, unruly patch of pubic hair covering her mound and upper thighs. I'm thinking, wow they don't shave or wax in Iowa. Her pussy lips were matted with curls."

"Unlike yours."

"Unlike mine. I keep my pussy lips nice and smooth; much better for being licked. Something, I hope you'll do later tonight. In fact, I just had them waxed on Saturday. Nice clean lips, but my mons is covered by my thick and furry Muff Puff. The best thing to tickle your nose."

Lynette must stop speaking while our dinner is being served. Lasagna for her and the house specialty, spaghetti and Italian sausage for me. We size up our dinner in silence and gaze into each other's eyes. Her soft brown eyes are so dreamy. I wonder if she is thinking about my tongue lapping up her girl juices that will be flowing from her pussy. After a few bites I ask Lynette about her lasagna.

"Oh, it's wonderful as usual."

"So, are you going to tell me about this special request anytime soon?"

Lynette takes a bite of lasagna before answering, "All in good time darling. Back to my story... well, after watching Mrs. Iowa slather herself in sunscreen, I decided to get better acquainted with these two ladies. I picked up my towel and pack and moved over right next to them. I introduced myself and held out my hand. I was introduced to Marta, the one with the huge tits and cousin, Alison, the shy one."

Lynette takes another bite and continues, "I spread my towel out right next to Marta's and plopped down. I wasn't more than two feet away from her swaying breasts. Marta turned to Alison and whispered something, I couldn't quite hear. I think she told Alison, that they weren't going to move and that it was time to join in. Alison reached around her back and untied her bikini top; she threw it to the side. Finally, she was baring her breasts to the world. She has lovely, perky breasts, maybe a B-Cup or small C-Cup, and coral colored nipples that were very puffy. They really stood out against her pale globes. I don't think Alison goes to the beach that often."

I concur with Lynette even though I wasn't there, "Probably not."

"I asked Marta what she did in Iowa. She is a checker at a Hy-Vee grocery store in Des Moines. I guess that's a big chain in the Mid-West. Marta asked me what I do for a living. You should have seen her eyes light up when I told her I'm the Assistant Manager at Diamond Adult. She couldn't believe I was telling the truth, it took a bit of convincing. When she finally realized I was serious, the questions started flying."

"Both ladies wanted to know what it's like working in an adult sex shop. Marta has never been inside one. Alison admitted that she knew about Diamond Adult World and had gone there one time. Marta raised her eyebrows when she heard that. Marta said her husband goes to a store called the Adult Store. Apparently, these stores are all along the interstate highways back there and have big yellow signs that you can't miss. Anyway, Marta wanted to know what kinds of items we sell, who shops there, and if I had tried anything."

"I told her all about the store and how I love to sample all of the items. I described some of my favorite toys like the butterfly vibe, and my butt plug. And then Marta asked if I knew what a glory hole is. She said her husband told her about them, but she doesn't believe him. She thought he was making it up. She doesn't think something like that exists. It sounds so depraved. I explained that yes, they do exist. Most sex shops have private booths for viewing adult DVD movies. I told her many rooms have at least one hole in the wall that allow you to investigate the next booth and that many consenting adults will engage in sex acts through the hole. She looked a little confused, so I had to elaborate."

I look into Lynette's eyes and respond, "I'm sure you did a good job of explaining."

"Yep, I told her they are called glory holes and they are usually at the height where a man can stick his cock through the hole and the person on the other side can suck him off. Marta and Alison said at the very same time 'No way', and then Alison added 'Do they know who is in the other room?' I think I really shocked them when I said it really doesn't matter, a mouth is a mouth. It could be a woman or another man. And I said sometimes, if it is a woman, she might press her pussy against the hole and ask to be fucked or at least licked. I think I totally blew their minds. They wanted to know if we had video rooms with glory holes. I said we are just a small retail store and that yes we do, but only two rooms and yes, there is one glory hole between them."

Lynette continues her long, drawn out story, "As I'm explaining all of the details, I can see their nipples are fully erect and standing at attention. It took all my will power not to lean over and suck on those tasty buds. A couple of times I spied Marta running her fingers along her slit. I swear she was getting wet. After I finished telling them all about my store, I invited them to stop by tomorrow and check it all out. I said I would show them the video booths and the glory hole. I even said I would treat them to some movies, so they could experience what it is like for themselves."

"And what did they say?"

"Well Marta nearly jumped out of her skin at the thought and said definitely she would come. Alison was a little hesitant. That was when I noticed her boobs getting a little pink and suggested that she use some sunscreen. And would you believe, Marta grabbed the sunscreen and squirted it all over Alison's tits. And then Marta rubbed the sunscreen into Alison's breasts and spent several minutes massaging her skin. I was dumbfounded. I also noticed a little wet spot forming on Alison's bikini bottoms."

"Wow, and you didn't jump in and help, or at least play with Marta's big boobs?"

"No, I held back. I'm thinking something might develop tomorrow when I get them into the store and let them try out the new vibrators. Which leads me to finally tell you about my special request. I want to set them up in the video booth with a bunch of free tokens and two of the new J-Vibe dildos. My request is for you to be in the booth next to them and stick your big cock through the glory hole."

Lynette is silent while I nearly choke on my spaghetti. Did I just hear her correctly? She wants me to offer my cock to the ladies from Iowa? Lynette remains silent allowing me to contemplate her request.

I finally regain my voice, "Did you just say you want me to stick my cock through the glory hole while your friend from Iowa and her cousin are in the video booth? Are you crazy?"

"Yes, I did and no I'm not. Listen Rob, if you could have seen their faces when I invited them to the store, you would understand my request. First, Marta has never been in a sex shop, let alone seen a video booth. She had no idea glory holes existed. I'm telling you, these gals are going to get so horny and so turned on, they will take one look at your hard-throbbing cock and attack your seven inches immediately. Well, at least Marta will. But imagine two hungry mouths fighting over who gets to suck your scrumptious shaft first."

"Are you sure about this? They won't run out screaming and call the cops on me, will they?"

"I don't think so, sweetie. They were nude in public. Marta was as horny as anyone I've ever seen on Avila Beach, other than you, of course. You'll be fine. You'll have a nice orgasm or two and you will be helping two ladies experience their wildest fantasy."

Lynette and I finish dinner and order dessert while I contemplate her request. I'll probably do it, however, right now I have only one thing on my mind, taking Lynette back to her place to ravage her. I'm going to suck on those huge Double-D's and use her new orange J-Vibe to give her multiple orgasms. I might even get off a few times too.

"Lynette, let's go back to your place for the night. We can leave your car at the store, and I'll take you to work in the morning. I will be your glory hole stud."

"Oh Rob, you just made my day. Let's go. Orgasms await."

I pay our bill and we head back to Lynette's house. On the drive, she strokes my cock over my jeans and squeezes my shaft. She whispers that she can't wait to have this nice cock buried in her pussy. I let her know that first I'm going to test her new orange J-Vibe. Lynette is all in.

We arrive at her place and she excuses herself to her bathroom while I head to her bedroom. I recognize her queen size bed with the old-time mahogany headboard where she had me handcuffed before. I light a few candles in the room, undress and jump up on the bed. I have the orange J-Vibe in my hand and twist the base. It comes alive with a soft humming sound. The vibrations of the shaft are sure to get her off quickly. I slide my hand up and down the rubber shaft and then up and down my erection. Both are equally hard. I look up as Lynette enters the room. My hand is wrapped around my cock. She is wearing the same red corset and black silk stockings she wore the first time we made love. Her sun-tanned breasts lead the way.

"Gee Rob, that's a nice hard cock you have there. Is it all for me?"

"It's all for you and so is this." I wave the buzzing orange dildo through the air.

Lynette climbs up on the bed and replaces my hand on my cock with hers. She leans in and we share a long, lingering kiss. She strokes my shaft as our tongues play together.

"So big boy, how do you want me?"

I instruct Lynette to lay on her back with her head on the pillow and her legs spread wide. I move down and position myself between her legs and my mouth inches from her pussy. I inhale her sweet essence and press my lips to her cunt. I lick up and down her wet slit, tasting her juices.

"Mmm, you taste so good, Lynette. I could spend all evening down here between your thighs."

I spend a few moments licking and kissing her sweet labia. My tongue separates her folds, prepping her for the dildo. When she is properly lubricated with her moisture and my saliva, I press the orange J-Vibe against her opening and slide the shaft into her center core. The vibrator is set to its lowest speed and gently hums the surrounding tissue. Lynette catches her breath at first contact and as I slide the rubber surface along her vagina. I push the vibrator deep into her recess until the just the speed dial is showing. Lynette can take almost all of the full nine inches.

I withdraw the shaft and the bent tip glides along Lynette's G-spot causing her to moan. She cups her big tits and pinches her dark brown nipples. I push her dildo again and watch it disappear between her slick folds. Her long luxurious curls sitting on top of her mons calls for attention. I weave my fingers through her thick muff while I increase the speed of the J-Vibe, sliding it in and out. Lynette's moans grow louder with each pass along her G-spot. Juices coat the orange surface as I continue to thrust the sex toy.

Lynette climbs the peak to her first orgasm. Her breaths are sharp and deep. She mashes her tits together and I twist the speed dial up three notches. I work the dildo between her swollen labia.

"Oh, gawd yes, Rob. That's it. I'm going to cum."

"Yeah baby, you're so wet. Squirt for me. Let me see you cum."

I twist the J-Vibe as I push and pull it within Lynette's pussy. Her inner lips grip the wand and coat the surface with her juices. I force the curved tip against her G-spot and Lynette explodes with a sea of cum. Her pussy juice squirts from within, splashing against her thighs and covering my hand in sweet essence. I pull the vibrator out and dip my face between her legs, licking and slurping her cum, as she twists and turns in ecstasy. I lick up and down her wet slit and force my tongue deep into her passage.
