 It was my ex-boyfriend Iain who first mentioned the 'Glory Hole for Gals'. I realise now that he knew more about it than I'd suspected at the time. He'd tried hard to mention it casually and with a slight sneer of derision, as if it was the haunt of the desperate or the damaged, but looking back, there had been that knowing, half turned on expression that he had been trying to hide. I should have had my suspicions over the details he went into when telling me what went on there - way too much information for mere second hand gossip!

This wonder, he told me, was to be found at the back of our local 'Private Shop'. You know the sort of place with blacked or whited out windows and a discreet sign. The sort of place people try really hard not to be seen entering or leaving. Of course I knew he went there quite frequently - in our time together we had a more than healthy sex life and liked to experiment - bondage, SM, anal - we'd tried most stuff, but always just the two of us - no exhibitionism and no banging strangers. I have to admit that when he first described the Glory Hole for Gals I thought he was joking. "Go on tell me again," I'd pleaded unaware that A - he was serious and B- he was in fact talking from first-hand experience and had been cheating on me there with a variety of Ms Anonymises. He'd sigh with mock exasperation over my curiosity and retell the story again.

"Basically Bea, it's a glory hole but designed for women to get pleasure rather than just to give it." I liked to play dumb (it turned him on). So I'd look confused and pout a bit.

"I'm really not sure what a glory hole is even, you'd better explain."

He'd sigh, half smiling, knowing that my innocence on that one was well and truly fake. "A glory hole is a room with holes (obviously) placed in the walls where men can poke their dicks and balls through. On the other side there are women or men waiting to beat them off or suck them off, or even ride them with their arseholes or cunts."

"So?.." - I'd looked genuinely quizzical when he'd mentioned that there was one for women. "How does it work for women? I mean I just don't get it?"

"No you don't 'get it' and a good thing too. Stay away from there!" He looked teasingly serious. "Anyway that's the design of Sev who runs the place and he thinks it's pretty unique. There's a room like your conventional glory hole but the design is different. The room outside it has a bed when the woman lays with her cunt pressed up against a hole in the wall and her legs fit through two holes with rests so she can lie comfortably. The hole is on a slide in plate to accommodate different sizes, and it means she can choose to expose her hole or her arse or both. Sev gets her comfy, even gives her a panic button I'm told in case a guy does anything she don't like or she wants out. They agree a time and she takes as many guys as come in wanting a service. The girl agrees to condoms or bareback or both and that's basically it."

Well I thought about that set up and I have to say it turned me on - really, really turned me on. The thought of just lying there offering up your anonymous cunt to any number of men to do what they liked with. No hand work, no spit or swallow, just pure received pleasure. I never talked to Iain about it while we were together, but I did get him to tell me about it again and again and again, and it always resulted in him getting a huge hard on and me getting a truly good fucking. Anyway after we'd split (when I'd found him cheating with at least two other women and as I later suspected, the glory hole too) I found myself getting really horny and frustrated. He may have been a complete shit but he'd known how to keep me happy in the sack and I missed it. I had a vibrator complete with ten different speeds and settings but it was no substitute for a flesh and blood cock, warm and stiffening and twitching and ejaculating inside you. I have to admit I love spunk, I mean really love it. Whether inside me, in my mouth, over my hand, it's just so primal, sticky and downright dirty - you don't get any of that with a battery operated machine! I found myself turning into a dirty young woman, ogling guys of all ages in the street, gazing at their bulging crotches and wondering, always wondering.

All the pent up lust lead to many fantasies about being in that glory hole and getting some of what I really wanted, but I was just too repressed to get myself there and reveal myself as the dirty slut I felt that I completely was inside. It was only when I'd finally twigged that maybe Iain had been talking from experience that I felt empowered as well as very, very annoyed. I mean how else would he have known about the colour of the flooring, the fact that the wood walls were finely sanded to prevent splinters, or the red and green lights telling punters if they could go in next? Why was it I wondered that he could swagger in there, cum in a stranger's hole and swagger out again completely unabashed, while I couldn't even walk through the door? At that point my mind was made up, I was going to go through with it and what's more I was going to have fun.

So later that week, I'd stuffed some sexy undies into a bag, dressed in my most anonymous hoodie and jeans and headed off just as it was getting dark. Luckily I saw no one I knew and the street was deserted as I slipped inside. It was a gloomy place and it was empty apart from a drab looking man perusing porno DVDs while one hand moved casually over his fly. I didn't much fancy the look of him but reminded myself it was the cock I was after and not the bloke that was attached to it - maybe Mr boring was a red hot shag? Ignoring him I walked to the empty counter and pressed the small white buzzer. I seemed to wait ages, making a concerted effort not to look at DVD man. Finally a well-built guy in his thirties wearing an Iron Maiden t shirt appeared, raising his eyebrows quizzically as if women were a rarity in here. My face reddened, I flustered and my voice went squeaky despite my previous determination.

"I was wondering if I could go in the women's glory hole... I mean I'd like to take part." I gulped not sure whether or not to keep talking, "I'm Bea by the way."

Iron Maiden guy, nodded thoughtfully. I was relieved he didn't laugh me out of the shop. I mean I'm in OK shape but I'm no model six.

"Cool. I'm Sev by the way. I run this joint. Things are a bit quiet in here tonight. If you want to do it now I might need to make a few calls while you get ready? You know what's involved?"

"Yes," I said, sounding like I was at an interview. "Iain Brooks told me all about it."

"Iain?" The nod and the half smile from Sev told me that I'd been right to suspect him. "Iain's OK. A nice guy." He paused, gauging my reaction. "So how do you know him?"

I pursed my mouth in what I hoped conveyed disgust. "He's my ex. A cheating scumbag." Sev grinned "OK, I'll go with that, just testing the water. Hey he might have been your brother or boss for all I knew. He's been in here a bit, sampling the delights, so I guess cheating scumbag it is."

Pleased that my instincts were right, furious that he was a confirmed cheat, I pulled a face. Sev seemed to guess that this was not a subject to pursue. He spread his hands on the counter, looking serious.

"So you're absolutely sure about this? I don't want any complaints or accusations after the event you know?" I nodded.

"OK let's show you what we do, and I need you to sign a waiver." Trembling a little, I scanned the paper, taking nothing in. I scrawled too quickly for decency and handed it back.

His eyes were twinkly but surprisingly kind. "I take it you've never done this before?"

"No, but you need to know that I'm no prude, I know basically what to expect. Also, and I'm embarrassed to say this, it's been quite a while since I... you know?"

"Good, good. That'll probably help! And if it's any consolation I'm not exactly getting it every night either!" He lead the way through a curtain behind the counter and opened a door, The room was tiny and badly lit. Some small brightness entered through three holes in the opposite wall and in the gloom I could make out a single sized bed pushed up against it - thankfully it looked made and it smelled freshly laundered.

Sev smiled. "We don't get as many ladies in here as we'd like. I guess they're all a bit too shy maybe, but you can see the set up. I suggest you strip off and get comfy and I'll adjust the centre hole to suit."

"OK." I felt increasingly relaxed, this guy was so laid back and in no way smutty or suggestive and his matter of fact manner was making me feel more than a bit excited about what was surely to come.

He gave me a level, reassuring look and I felt glad that he was treating me as a customer and not a piece of meat. "Some of the ladies like to leave on the fishnet hold ups or suspenders," he said. "Makes it a bit more erotic maybe?"

"Sure!" Luckily I'd packed a pair! Quickly shedding my clothes and rolling on the stockings, I laid down on the bed and stuck my legs through the side holes. There were supports sticking out into the other room for my legs; they felt to be lined with velvet or something similar. I wiggled myself down until my cunt was against the middle hole. The mattress was comfy but incredibly firm - no danger of me sinking down out of cock reach! Sev reached over me, his t shirt tickling my bare skin, his closeness oh so exciting in my spread-eagled nudity.

"OK Bea what are we doing here, one hole or two?" You're actually in the missionary booth, there's a doggy style layout next door if you prefer?"

My mind raced, Iain hadn't mentioned that. "No this is fine," I said firmly, "and I'll just go with one hole to begin with." I giggled at the thought that I sounded like a woman in a restaurant ordering fish and chips instead of a floozy preparing to be shagged senseless. Sev selected a suitably sized aperture board and slotted it into the middle gap: the room went even darker.

"Fine. Last questions, are we bareback riding or wearing rubbers and how much time do you want?"

I was glad it was dark and he couldn't see me blush with shame and possibly stupidity. I had an implant fitted so pregnancy was not an issue but maybe there was more to worry about than just that? Instinct and desire overcame my sensible self however. "Bareback," I said firmly, "I love skin to skin and basically I'm just a spunk lover. As to the time, if you can fit in five guys, that will be time enough to meet my needs." My own wantonness amazed me and I'm sure I saw him half smile with something like approval.

"OK, I'm off to rustle you up some cock and I promise none of them will be Iain Brooks. Lie here and just get yourself in the mood. When we begin you'll find a panic button just to your right in case you're unhappy or want stop. In the meantime think sexy thoughts and make use of this." He handed me a small tube and I could just make out the words 'clit pleasure gel.' The door closed and I was alone. I squeezed out some of the gel and began to massage it into my clit until it became engorged and oh so sensitive, it felt huge under my fingers. The gel was cold and tingly, it felt great and it was tempting to rub and rub, I felt so wanton just lying there waiting to be fucked, my hole open and hungry. I could have brought myself off very easily. However I resisted, it had been a long time since I'd climaxed with a warm shaft inside me and I was going to delay my pleasure, I wanted to come for the first time to the warm, wet pulses of an ejaculating cock. Slowly, slowly I rubbed in the gel and worked it down and into my opening where it really tingled and made me desperate to be filled. I hoped the guys that Sev had lined up were not too far away, and I also hoped they'd be hard and ready as soon as they arrived.

My wait seemed to take for ever as I lay there, comfy but not sleepy, my whole genital area feeling warm and primed - ready for action. Finally there was a noise and light filtered into my room through the edges of the three holes. Ready to go, I pushed myself as far down as possible and bent my knees to further expose my (thankfully shaven) pussy. This was it I thought, what I'd dreamed about and waited for. I could hear more movement, and my own juices drying on my skin made my vulva feel suddenly cold and vulnerable. More muffled noises and shadows and then there was a hand rubbing my clit. Fingers gently spread my wet inner lips and then roughly plunged deep inside me, the slight scratch of the nails catching against my soft inner self. I moaned involuntarily and heard a heavy sigh in return. 

Something rounded and surprisingly large nudged between my inner lips, and I thought bizarrely of a blind worm shoving its way into a tunnel and stifled my laugh. The supersized blind worm pushed more impatiently, pushing me open and I braced myself, pushing forward to give it access. It entered me as far as it could go and its girth seemed fuller than anything I'd taken before - it filled me, stretching me blissfully. I wanted to grind myself onto it but the wall stopped it. Swiftly it was withdrawn and I moaned again, but this time with the emptiness. It entered again but just the tip, with tiny teasing movements; I tried to thrust forward to swallow it, but the board, the damn board stopped me as before and I had to be content with the small circling movements its owner made. He must have liked keeping the thing I desired just out of reach because it was drawn further back and then rubbed up and down me in slow strokes from clit to the wooden partition that hid my arse.

I was just getting used to the laconic, frustrating non fuck, when the cock disappeared and I was left sensation free and confused. A lot of time seemed to pass and my hole gaped cold and abandoned - not half as used as I'd like. Then when I was last expecting it the glorious phallus re-entered me violently, plunging in its whole length and pounding me so quickly and furiously so that I had to grip the mattress and push forward to take it all. The sensation was incredible, its full size ground against the walls of my cunt making my nerves sing and the squelchy fart of it cutting through my slime in strokes was just so, so raw and so dirty - I loved it. I felt my orgasm build, I desperately wanted to come and I was close, I wanted to stretch my thighs wider but the holes restrained me. The pounding became piston like. I willed my orgasm, but too late. I felt the monster twitch and pulse inside me and I knew he'd filled me full - very full I hoped, but left me on the brink of satisfaction. The final thrusts didn't do it for me. The monster was withdrawn, I don't think he'd even made a sound as he came inside me. More movement. I felt wet, extremely wet and I wanted to pat myself dry, as a small trickle of cum was sliding into my bum crack. I was just trying to think of a way to extricate myself and mop with the sheet when there was more noise in the other room and soon I felt hair tickling my inner thigh.

The hair was the precursor to lips, a soft mouth nibbling and kissing my inner thighs, moving from side to side. This guy must be kneeling, the thought made me feel kind of powerful and adored. The mouth worked its way in until it reached my swollen and sticky outer lips. Teeth gently nibbled at them - almost pain but feeling so, so good. I desperately wanted to come, if he didn't stop it was inevitable. Then it happened, the warm, wet tongue thrust deep into my cunt, licking and slurping the other guy's semen, swallowing it down - so loud I could hear it. The sensation and the thought of how he was cleaning me out were too much and I yelled out. With a succession of audible sucking sounds my cunt contracted and pulsed again and again and I orgasmed fiercely against that lovely tongue. My response drove him on further and I felt his mouth open wide, teeth and nose against my slit, licking, licking as deep as he could get. My body wanted to lie exhausted and recover from my release but my throbbing hole was still being exquisitely pleasured. Yelling again, I succumbed to a second orgasm - this was sweet torture indeed.

If I'd thought that a second shafting would be the result I was disappointed. The teeth bit hard into my soft flesh and an expiration of air filled me. The mouth moved back to my thigh where it bit hard and sighed making me flinch. The guy had shot his load it seemed and I guessed that number three would soon be along to replace him.

I didn't have long to wait. Number three seemed quite business-like in his approach and I wondered if maybe he'd bored his wife or girlfriend into inertia and that was why he'd landed up here. He gave my clit a cursory rub before inserting two fingers into me and reaching up inside as if looking for something. The hand was withdrawn and my lips carefully parted to receive his penis. He was clinical this one, methodical. I had to take it, but it was pure usage, I was not going to come I felt sure. His cock felt meaty enough but I could tell he was here to unload into a cunt - no imagination required. The thrusts came, full and regular, gradually building in speed. It was ever so slightly arousing, knowing that I was being used like a male masturbatory toy and as a semen dump, and not even a person. He reached piston point and I lay waiting for my second filling. He ejaculated with a loud cry and I blinked unmoved into the dim light hoping that number four might be more impressive.

Number four did not disappoint. He seemed to make a lot of noise in the room and the first thing I felt was fingers probing my hole and stuffing something inside. I was just about to reach for the panic button when I realised it felt like cloth - he had a hanky and was cleaning me up for his own use. Actually it felt quite good - number three seemed to have shot a whole load as he was patting and drying away for some time! The next thing I felt was large fingers pulling and massaging my clit, there was a guttural sound and them wetness, he'd spat upon it and was massaging it in. It felt good, stopping the soreness and making me feel good, so good and I felt the wave of another orgasm rising - I thrust my pelvis up against the hole. More spit and then a buzzing sound, oh my Lord he'd brought his own toys - a clit pleaser it seemed. It was amazing, firing my excitable nerves and making my clit feel huge and distended like a mini cock. I was pushing up against that damn board in waves of pleasure when I felt his cock slip inside me. It was in no way huge but it must have had a very strong upward bend because the way it rubbed against my g spot was just strokes of ecstasy. The buzzy thing buzzed, he plunged and I pushed back against him in a rhythm that was designed to bring us both to a climax. This was good it was very good and I wanted us to come together - he was worth it.

We continued to build a rhythm, getting faster and more desperate for release. My clit and vagina felt building excitement with each thrust and I began to whine with little pleading cries. From the other side of the board I could hear him muttering about it being so good, so wet and tight and that his dick was in heaven. He began to plunge really deep and I had the weirdest most stimulating feeling as his cock head nudged into my cervix. We reached a peak and I felt that I could take no more sensations. His cock began to pulse against my by now rather swollen entrance and the feeling pushed my vaginal walls into waves of tightening, orgasmic bliss. My hands that had been busily tweaking my nipples fell to my sides and I screamed with the loss of control. I heard him shout simultaneously - the knowledge that we had done it together made me ridiculously proud of myself, of us. He rested for a while, deflating inside me and as he withdrew I felt more liquid oozing from me. Pushing down I squeezed out his deposit - the perfect cream pie. I had no idea if he could see it, but it felt sort of lewd and sluttish and I hoped it might be seen as a reward and a thank you to my considerate and imaginative lover.
