 "Hey lover, are you awake?"

I hear Lynette's soft voice and open my eyes. Her beautiful image comes into focus as I emerge from my dream state. Even in the morning, with her messy hair and smudged eyeliner, she is a lovely sight. I look at my morning hard-on and press my shaft against her pussy. I think back to last night when we made love. I used a new style vibrator on Lynette. It's one she just started selling at her adult sex shop. It has a curved end that hit her G-spot just right and caused her to squirt and enjoy a massive climax.

"Hang on there Rob. We need to shower and I have to be at work by nine. I promise I'll make it up to you. Besides, you need to save your strength for later. You did promise to be my Glory Hole Stud."

"So, I guess a morning quickie is not in the cards?"

"Sorry lover, we need to get going this morning."

I grind my hard cock against Lynette hopping for a change of mind. Instead she places a quick kiss on my cheek and jumps out of bed. Lynette heads for the bathroom.

"Come join me in the shower and I'll wash you all over. That's the best I can offer."

I'm not going to turn down an offer like that, even though it means no orgasm this morning. I guess I should save myself. I follow Lynette into the bathroom. She has already discarded her red corset and is standing beneath the warm shower spray. This is the second time I've been able to share her custom shower with the dual shower spray and overhead rainforest head. All three provide a hot, steamy environment for cleaning our bodies.

I step in behind Lynette and wrap my hands around her body. I grab the underside of her heavy tits and lift them up, feeling their weight and pinching her nipples.

I whisper, 'How about you hand me the washcloth and I'll scrub your back."

"OK, but remember no funny business, we need to get to work. I told Marta to come around 10:30."

Marta is the 40ish gal that Lynette met at Avila Beach on Tuesday. Apparently, she is from Des Moines, Iowa and is here visiting her cousin. Both ladies are expected to join Lynette at her sex shop job.

Lynette turns, kisses me and hands me the soap and washcloth. I get the cloth nice and sudsy and wash her back. I move down to her ass and scrub each cheek. I run the cloth up and down her crack making sure her little starfish is nice and clean. I wouldn't mind fucking this lovely lady in the ass.

"Hey, I said no funny business."

Lynette turns and faces me allowing my soapy hands to fondle and squeeze her firm round breasts. I rotate the washcloth around each mound and glide it over each erect nipple. I drop my cloth down Lynette's tummy and soap up her furry mons. I slide my fingers through her soft curls to make sure she is squeaky clean. She spreads her legs and I move the cloth over her smooth outer lips. I dip my soapy fingers between her folds to clean her pink labia. Lynette turns and the shower spray washes the suds away.

"All clean sweetie. Would you like to wash me?"

Lynette grabs the soap and cloth and I turn my back to her. Her scrubbing feels good on my body. She washes my shoulders and back. Lynette moves her hands to my ass and grabs my cheeks. She moves the bar of soap up and down my crevice. Her touch feels good as her fingers move back and forth over my tight sphincter.

"Lynette whispers in my ear, "How's this for a little payback."

She presses her big tits into my back and her hard nipples poke into me. My cock remains stiff. Lynette soaps up the cloth one more time and drops her hand to my hard shaft. She palms my balls and squeezes lightly. I play with her boobs while she enjoys my cock one last time. Happy with our washing, we turn off the shower and grab towels. We step out and dry each other off completely. We are ready for some breakfast and Lynette is ready to go to work.

We dress, eat in quick order, and are out the door by 8:30 AM. It's a quick drive over to the sex shop. I help Lynette open up. She asks me to straighten some of the racks while she sets up the register. I take my time looking at all of the dildos, strap-ons and lingerie. The morning starts slow and we are yet to have a customer by 9:30. Lynette is wearing her white lab coat with her name stitched on the front. This time I know she is properly dressed underneath. She tells me to make myself comfortable in the back office.

"Hey Rob, I expect Marta and Alison to be here within the hour. Go relax in the office. There is Viagra in the top left drawer; I want you to take some so you'll be ready for them. I want to make sure you'll be nice and hard."

"I think I'll be fine. Just thinking about blow jobs has me erect already."

"I know sweetie, I just want to make sure they have a great time. Oh, there are some new sex catalogues on the desk. Have fun looking through them."

I walk back to the office and find the Viagra where Lynette said it would be. I plop down in the Laz-Y-Boy recliner and peruse the latest sex catalogs. Lot's of new vibrators, lingerie and videos fill the pages. Between the Viagra and catalogs, I'm sure to be rock hard for the ladies this morning.

The office door is ajar, so I can hear activity out on the sales floor. Around 10:30 I hear loud voices chattering and sounding quite excited. I surmise that Lynette's new beach buddies are here. Out on the main floor Lynette greets Marta's arrival with a hug and kiss. Marta is by herself.

"Welcome to my shop, Marta. Didn't Alison come with you? Where is she?"

Marta explained that Alison was at home and didn't want to go out this morning. She has been here before and thought Marta would be more comfortable on her own.

"Frankly Lynette, I think Alison is a bit shy and wasn't so sure about spending the day looking at vibrators with me. But, I'm here and all excited to see what this is all about. Like I told you, I've never been in an adult store before, so I don't know what to expect."

"Well, I'm sorry Alison is not here, but I promise to show you all around and give you the best tour. I may have to leave you on your own, if I get some customers, but otherwise let me be your personal guide. And, I have a few surprises for you that I think you'll enjoy."

Lynette takes Marta's hand and guides her around the perimeter of the store. She points out all of the different sex toys and Marta is overwhelmed. Lynette grabs packages from the wall and hands them to Marta for inspection. Marta blushes at times as she handles the dildos and butt plugs.

"Oh my god Lynette, I had no idea these things existed. People actually buy these and use them. People put these plugs in their rear ends? Geez, doesn't that hurt?"

Lynette explains, that yes, many people buy the items and use them. She tells Marta she might be surprised how good they would make her feel. She says she uses a four-inch butt plug all the time and just loves it. She tells Marta just last night she used one of the new vibrators and had several mind blowing orgasms.

Lynette continues with the tour, happy that there are no customers at this time. She leads Marta to the back wall filled with strap-on belts, nipple clamps, clit suction cups and bondage cuffs. They proceed to the men's area where plenty of masturbation toys are exhibited. Lynette hands Marta a Fleshlight.

"Hey Marta, imagine your husband sticking his dick into one of these. Do you think he has one?"

"Oh my goodness no."

Lynette has a fun time showing Marta around the store and seeing her reaction. It's obvious this is her first time in a sex shop. They look at the lubes and lotions and massage oils. Marta samples some of them and is amazed at the feel and scent of some oils. The ladies move on to the lingerie section and Lynette shows off some thongs and crotchless panties. Marta handles bra's with nipple cutouts, teddy's and bodystockings.

"Marta, I told you I have a surprise for you. Well several actually, but first let me show you these."

Lynette takes Marta over to a clothes rack and pulls out a sky blue satin corset. She hands it to Marta.

"This is for you, no charge. I want you to have it. I think you'll look super sexy wearing it."

"Oh my god Lynette, it's lovely. But I can't just take it. What would your boss say?"

"He would say 'Marta you are incredibly sexy in that corset and I want to make love to you right this minute'. Really Marta, it's for you. I picked it out myself and I'm dying to see you in it. I won't take no for an answer. We get new stock in all the time and have to discount or send back so much inventory. The boss is always telling me to recycle some of our older fashions, or just take them home."

"Well it's beautiful Lynette, I don't know what to say?"

"Say that you'll try it on right now. Come on, I'll show you where the dressing room is. It's right next to our video booths. Remember, I told you that I'd show you them to you and show you what a glory hole is. Now, come on."

Lynette takes Marta to the back of the store, behind the curtains, and opens the dressing room door. Marta takes her time trying on the outfit. In the meantime, Lynette grabs a sky blue J-Vibe from the vibrator section and returns to the dressing room. It just so happens to match the color of the corset.

"Are you ready to model the corset for me, Marta?"

Marta opens the dressing room door part way and sticks her head through the gap.

"Lynette, this is beautiful, it fits perfectly. But, is there a bra that goes with it? It doesn't cover my boobs."

"It's not supposed to cover your boobs. They are supposed to be on display, that's the whole point of a corset. Don't be shy, besides I've already seen your boobs at Avila Beach. I think they are gorgeous, now come on out."

Marta opens the door all the way and steps out; her hands on her chest, covering as much of her breasts as possible. She looks stunning in the sky blue corset. The top fits snugly around her rib cage. The bottom flares out around her hips and ends just above her pussy, a very hairy pussy. Lynette is immediately reminded of the fact that Marta does not groom her nether region. Lynette already has a plan to fix that.

"Geez Marta, you are absolutely gorgeous. Let me see how the top fits? Put your hands down and let me see. Stop being so shy, I love your big tits. I couldn't keep my eyes off them at the beach."

Lynette forces Marta to drop her hands as she inspects the garment. She runs her fingers along the top of the corset and underneath Marta's Double-D's. Lynette is satisfied with the fit. She places her hands under Marta's full mounds and squeezes her flesh. She tweaks Marta's pink nipples and they respond to her touch.

"I just love your big pale boobs and pink nipples. Stay here for a second, I need to see if anyone has come into the store."

Lynette walks through the curtains to check on the store. Still no customers, it's a slow morning.

"OK Sweetie, grab your clothes and follow me. I want to show you the video booths. I put some 'Out of Order' signs on the doors, so we won't be disturbed."

Marta grabs her clothes from the changing room and walks quickly to the video booth. Her huge, pale tits swing side to side. Lynette smiles and rubs the side of her left breast. Both ladies step into the booth on the left and Lynette closes the door behind them.

"So Marta, this is the video booth where you can watch sexy DVDs in privacy. You put tokens in this slot and you get four minutes of a video. This dial on the right side turns and lets you choose between different movies. There's girl-on-girl videos, couples, group orgies, big cocks, big tits, gay porn. What ever floats your boat. And look down here on the side wall. Here's the glory hole. It actually exists."

"Wow, this is too much. I wouldn't believe it, if I didn't see it with my own eyes. And you say men put their cocks through this hole hoping for a blowjob?"

"Yep, a blowjob, or a wet pussy to fuck. It really happens. Our rooms don't get a lot of use, most of our customers are just looking to buy toys and lube or maybe some lingerie. We get a lot of couples in our store. Not many people come back here."

"Thanks for showing me Lynette, this is all very interesting. I've gotten quite an education this morning."

"So Marta, I have one more surprise and I hope you will take me up on this offer. I have a bag full of tokens and this J-Vibe for you. I want you to hang out here, watch movies and play with the vibrator. Enjoy yourself this morning. I only work half-day today and later we can grab lunch."

"Really Lynette, I would love that. I told Alison not to expect me home until much later. Let's spend the day together."

"OK, I have about ninety more minutes to work and then we'll head for some lunch. In the meantime, enjoy some movies and the vibrator. I bet you can work out a few orgasms this morning. Have fun."

Lynette leaves Marta to her own devices and walks back to the register. She is just in time as a couple enters the store. Lynette attends to her duties while Marta enjoys herself. She removes the sky blue vibrator from its box and examines it. She can't believe it's a full nine inches, and doubts she can take it all; although she plans to try. Sitting in the video booth, she deposits several tokens and switches to the girl-on-girl channel. Having Lynette touch her body and play with her tits really got her juices flowing. She has one thing on her mind... seducing Lynette later on this afternoon.

With the video playing, Marta sits back and spreads her legs. She runs the blue J-Vibe along her moist slit. It glides easily up and down her pink labia. She twists the power knob and it begins to hum. The vibrating sensations on her pussy start to turn her on. The visual stimulation of the girl-on-girl video along with the buzzing vibrator sends her closer to an orgasm. She watches the ladies eat each other in a wild 69 scene as she slides the magic dildo between her folds.

I remain planted in the Laz-Y-Boy recliner in the back office. The Viagra has kicked in and my cock is extremely hard. I unbuckle my belt and open my pants to allow my stiff seven inches to breathe. I wrap my hand around my hard shaft and stroke it several times. It feels so good. I love to masturbate. I continue to stroke my cock as I read about the latest sex products available for sale.

Meanwhile, Lynette completes a sale of a ten-inch life-like dildo and large bottle of vanilla lube for the couple that was shopping. They thank Lynette and walk out the door. Lynette comes to the back office to let me know it's time for my glory hole audition. She walks through the door and freezes.

"Rob, what are you doing?"

I smile and say, "Just greasing up the pole getting ready for the ladies. Gawd, my cock is so hard, it almost hurts. I guess I shouldn't have taken three Viagra tabs."

Lynette is incensed, "You what? Rob, you were only supposed to take one pill. One is enough to keep you hard for awhile. I better not have to take you to emergency for a four-hour erection. Well, I'll have you know that only Marta is here. Apparently Alison chickened out. So now, you have a super hard cock and only one lady to service. I hope it all works out."

I tell Lynette that she can help the situation with a little blowjob; I'm dying to feel her lips wrapped around my cock. She just looks at me and shakes her head. After a quick moment, she walks over and bends down. She grabs my shaft and squeezes hard.

"Whoa, take it easy lady. It's kind of sensitive right now."

"Serves you right. I can't believe you swallowed three Viagra."

Lynette opens her mouth and descends upon my sword. She wraps her lips around my swollen glans and sucks. Her tongue lathers my shaft as she swallows several inches. Her wet mouth feels so nice. Lynette holds my shaft at the base and bobs her head up and down. Each time she pulls up, she creates a suction that curls my toes. Lynette sucks my dick for three or four minutes, just enough for me to begin to feel a familiar twinge between my thighs.

She releases my cock and smacks her lips, "There, that should get you in the mood. Now go stick this thing in the glory hole and get Marta to play with it. You should be able to satisfy her many times over. Just don't wear her out, I have plans for us later this afternoon. If you're a good boy, I just might include you."

I slip into the booth and lock the door. I keep the light off and kneel on one knee. The light from Marta's space spills through the glory hole. I hear the voices from the video and fake orgasms that flood the space. I also hear a faint panting from next door. I place my eye against the hole and look.

Marta is leaning back on a chair. Her eyes are riveted on the video screen as she slides her toy in and out of her pussy. The J-Vibe disappears into a jungle of matted pubic hair. I now understand what Lynette was talking about. Marta's pussy is covered with thick patches of hair, jutting out in every direction. This lady needs a good waxing. I spy on Marta for several minutes and watch her handle her huge, pale breasts. She pinches her erect nipples. One hand dips to invade her cunt. She is such a beautiful sight. She slides her dildo deep into her pussy and slowly withdraws it. The shaft shines with her juices.

Marta is quite lovely. Her wavy auburn hair hangs down to her shoulders. Her eyes are powder blue and match the sexy corset she is wearing. Large pale breasts spill over the top of her corset. She appears to have a nice round ass and thick thighs. I can picture them wrapped around my head. She has a soft smile with pursed lips as she stares at the movie.

Well here goes nothing. I stand up and drop my pants. My cock juts out ninety degrees ready to entice Marta. The glory hole is at the perfect height for my cock and large enough for my entire cock including my balls. I guide my shaft through the opening and press my hips against the wall. My rigid seven inch shaft darts into the cubicle next door. My balls hang low as I stand quietly and wait for the results.

It's strange to be standing close to the wall with my cock on the other side and no way to see what is going on. I listen to the video playing and hear Marta's heavy breathing with an occasional moan. Forty-five seconds pass with no response. She is so focused on the video that she doesn't see a throbbing hard cock just waiting for her. I give it another thirty seconds before I knock three times on the thin wallboard.

I hear a loud shriek and know that I now have her attention. This is the moment of truth, will she run screaming out of the room, or quietly contemplate her next move. Her Glory Hole Stud has arrived. I can only stand here and flex my cock, hoping that she'll be attracted to the movement, as I wait in anticipation.

On the other side of the wall, Marta stares at a rigid shaft sticking through the hole; a circumcised cock with a firm spongy glans and shaved balls. It appears quite large, almost like it is mounted on the wall, completely dismembered from its owner. She never thought in her wildest dreams that she would find herself in this situation. Her husband told her about glory holes and she never believed him. Lynette showed her they exist, but she never expected to be sitting here staring at a real live cock. A nice hard, throbbing, fully erect real cock. Veins bulging along the length. She's never seen anything like it. It seems so big, so thick.

Marta's eyes are wide open as she ignores the video playing on the monitor and the vibrator buzzing on the floor. She is completely focused on the cock jutting out through the side of the wall while she decides her next move.

I continue to flex my cock and move it around, hoping she'll grab hold. I contemplate pulling out and leaving; perhaps she is not ready to commit to this situation. I press my hips tight against the wall board and hope. Thirty more seconds pass and then I feel a tentative finger touch my shaft.
