 A series of stories about the pleasures of youth and the fun had during those glory years....

Story Three -- Satisfaction

Most jocks would never be caught dead in the library.

However, anyone who knew me knew I was about as far from being a typical jock as you could be. I lettered in three sports, and played others, but I was comfortable hanging with folks outside my usual clique, which was refreshing in itself. Sometimes I actually found the library to be a refuge from the rush of school life. And, being a history buff, most of my buddies knew that they could usually find me hidden away in the stacks on those days that there was no practice.

I'm not embarrassed to admit it either. I can be a bit of a geek.

Now on that particular Thursday though, I wasn't there for pleasure reading. I did have a paper due the following Monday. And we'd had football practice every afternoon that week. So I had put off the paper knowing full well that it would consume all my free time this upcoming weekend.

The back stacks were littered with stepstools that shorter students could use to reach the upper shelves. Due to my tendency to get engrossed in my reading material once I pull it off the shelf, I usually parked my ass on one of the available stools and looked over the book before I took it back to my table or checked it out. The stools are only about a foot and a half off the floor, so when I sit on them it tends to mask my six feet, three inches of height so that people wandering around usually can't see me through the gaps in the shelves.

As usual what had been meant as a quick glance had turned into a much longer read. I hadn't realized until I heard the hushed voices that I'd become engrossed in a book about the French Revolution and had lost all track of track of time.

There were two people talking on the other side of the shelves. Because I was sitting on a stool, it allowed me to overhear their conversation in the next aisle over.

I could just see from my perspective how the curve of their jeans wrapped over their firm round backsides. And from the shape of each ass I knew that they were of the feminine persuasion. Obviously their backs were to me as they examined the books on the shelf. Realizing my advantage in the situation, I leaned forward to get a better look, all the while trying not to make too much noise.

"Fuck!" said the first girl in exasperation, taking me by surprise, "Where the hell is this stupid book? I need it for class."

"Well I think it's supposed to be right here," said the other girl calmly, "I don't know why they have to use the Dewey Decimal System anyway. You'd think there was an easier way. Some stupid fuck probably just put it in the wrong place."

"You don't understand," the other girl continued sounding frantic in a voice tinged with hysteria, "I need that book for Kaufman's class or I'm completely fucked."

"Look, Ali," replied the other girl, trying to sound rational, "It's going to be okay. What the hell is going on? Are you on the rag or something? You've been a total bitch all day."

Duh, I thought to myself stupidly. Of course that's why they sounded so familiar. That was Ali. As in Ali the homecoming queen. Ali the quarterback's girlfriend. The quarterback being Todd. The man who was co-captain of the football team. And a teammate of mine. That Todd. Right. Got it.

I noticed Ali paused before responding.

"It's Todd," she said matter-of-factly, as if that answered everything.

"Shithead Todd?" said the other girl, who could only be Nicole, Ali's best friend in the world and Mike Anderson's girlfriend. Nicole and Ali had been inseparable as long as I knew them.

"What's he done now?" Nicole asked concerned.

"God," Ali said, sounding fraught and irritated, "I feel so stupid."

"Tell me about it?" prompted Nicole soothingly.

I had inched close enough so that I could kinda see their faces through the shelf if I looked up. Ali looked about ready to cry, and she had raised her hand to her face, pushing back the strands of her incredibly long chestnut hair out of her eyes.

"Last night," she started hesitatingly and softly, "You know...I thought I'd surprise him."

I could see Nicole give a nod of encouragement.

Ali continued as she said, "My parents are in Tampa, at that conference right? So I figured we could get together at my place. I figured it'd be nothing to get lucky!"

"What'd he do?"

A tone of irritation sounded in Nicole's voice as if she'd heard these charges read before.

"Nothing!" said Ali loudly and with anger, "That's the whole fucking point! Jesus, I was practically fucking naked! Begging him to screw me! And he just sat there like I was a fucking cow or something."

"He's a stupid fuck," Nicole told her sympathetically.

"The game was on, right?" Ali went on, "But like nothing I could do would get him to fuck me. I blew him during halftime, but he just left afterwards."

She had clearly started to cry and Nicole wrapped her arms comfortingly around her friend.

"Am I so fucking vile?" Ali asked her pulling away and wiping her eyes, "I mean the sight of me in a bra and panties isn't enough to get him hard?"

Well I knew it would have gotten me hard. This conversation was a real eye opener. I can't imagine what Todd had been thinking.

"Maybe he's queer?" asked Nicole, but even she sounded unconvinced.

"No way!" said Ali, "He's fucked me before! But lately, he's just not interested. I'm getting desperate. His dick was so good. So thick! Not like Ben at all."

Okay, I thought to myself, enough is enough. This conversation was taking me to a weird place. I knew both Todd and Ben. It was one thing to be one of the guys talking about doing the girls in the locker room, but this was an insider's perspective that I'd never heard before. I wasn't so stupid that I hadn't realized girls must talk about guy's equipment and performance and all, but I'd just never heard it first hand. Despite my curiosity, I decided I did not want to get trapped there listening to this conversation all of study period.

I got up off my stool and both of the girls instantly realized they weren't alone as they heard the scrap of the stool against the floor and the heavy tread of my footfalls as I walked around the shelf to their location.

"Who's there?" asked Nicole, impatiently, just before I rounded into their row.

"Oh, it's you Marc!" she said, catching sight of me, "Didn't expect to see you here. Eavesdropping."

She added the last bit with a pointed edge and her look would have killed me stone dead if it'd been a weapon.

"Ummm, sorry," I said, blushing, clearly knowing I'd been caught without an excuse, "I was in the next row reading...."

I stumbled over my words trying to think of something to say. I caught Ali's eye for a minute. They were puffy and red. She looked away without looking back at me.

"Look, I gotta run," I said, handing Ali the book I'd been reading. "But maybe this'll help with your paper. There's a lot of good stuff in there. Well anyway, I'll catch you guys later."

I started to walk back out the aisle, but then paused inextricably.

"Hey Ali," I told her, "I can't speak for Todd, but for what its worth there isn't a straight guy at this school who wouldn't give his left nut to be with you for one night."

I have no idea why I said that.

Ali was one of those girls that you dated, and I wasn't the dating kind. I would have been a good boyfriend for any girl, but I was hard to catch. So I settled for being the good, fun loving guy who banged the chicks but never got tied down by any of them. But it meant I never had any real intimacy with any of them either.

I started to walk away.

"Wait a sec, Marc!" Ali called after me as I reached the end of the row.

"What can I do for you?" I asked, turning back to her.

"Are you going to Jameson's party Friday night?"

"Well," I said, not wanting to commit to the party which all my teammates would be going to, "I got the game Friday, and practice on Saturday, and I still haven't finished this paper."

Nicole looked at Ali for a minute, who had suddenly gone all shy, as if egging her on.

I turned to leave again.

Then Nicole decided to take matters into her own hands.

"Oh, c'mon, Marc," she interjected in that guilty pleading tone I'd heard her use on her boyfriend Mike plenty of times, "Practice isn't that early, and you and Ali can work on your papers after practice on Saturday. You'll ace it anyway. You always do."

Ali gave her a look.

Of course Nicole was right. I didn't need that much time to write a good paper.

"Okay," I said, wondering exactly what was doing, "I'll see you guys there."

I flashed them my winning smile before I left.

* * *

That conversation had really got me thinking.

Ali and Todd had seemed joined at the hip for months, which seemed like forever in high school time. Ali was a year older than me and she had been dating Ben since I was a freshman. Since I was the only freshman at the school who had made it onto varsity, I'd gotten to know the older kids right away. Ben had been one of my fellow varsity football players before he graduated. When he and Ali had broken up most people assumed it had more to do with Todd having been made quarterback of the team when he'd moved from the freshman squad to varsity his sophomore year. And some people had viewed Ali as a social climber, using the status of her boyfriend to increase her own status. But she and Todd had been one of those sorts of couples that drive the rest of us crazy. They always looked so perfect together.

Todd hadn't mentioned that anything had been going on between them, then again why would he? It would have been open season on Ali. Notwithstanding that she was homecoming queen that year, which is mostly a bitchy popularity contest; Ali was by far one of the hottest girls in the whole school. She was perfectly proportioned from head to toe, and standing at about the height of my shoulder, she would have fit perfectly against my broad chest. But she was so delicate looking, I'd be afraid I'd break her if I held her too tight. Clearly the lady was supermodel material; the kind of woman that a guy is lucky to get a chance at once in a lifetime.

My accidental meeting with Nicole and Ali was in my thoughts all the next day. We had Kaufman's aforementioned history class together as well as English Lit, so I kept running into her. Todd and I didn't have any classes together though. But I finally got a chance to corner him in the locker room before the game that Friday night.

"Todd," I asked him with a punch on the shoulder, "How'ya doing, dude? Long time no see."

We were both half dressed for the game. He probably wasn't sure what to make of me. He was in my circle of friends as such, and we joshed around with each other and all, but Steve and Greg were the buddies I usually hung around with. Everyone in school knew they were my best mates, even if our posse included a much broader group of guys who played sports or generally indulged our sexual appetites. Todd had been pretty steady with Ali this past year, so the rest of us didn't really give it much thought when he didn't usually join us in our playful and frequent pursuit of the opposite sex.

"What's up, man?" he replied warmly with a nod.

"Saw Ali, the other day," I told him, "She said you guys were going to Jameson's tonight."

"Yeah," said Todd, "She said she didn't want to go last weekend, yesterday she changed her mind. Chicks, right?"

I nodded like I knew exactly what he was talking about.

"Yeah, man," I said, "Tell me about it."

We laughed. It was kinda stupid, but I laughed because he obviously thought it was funny.

"Dude," he asked me with a lascivious grin, "You got something going on for tonight?"

"No, man," I said earnestly enough, returning his shit eating grin, "But maybe I can get laid tonight. There'll be a lot of pussy there to choose from."

We continued putting on our equipment when I decided to venture a little further.

"Hey, man," I asked him, "You got Ali all bagged up and ready to go tonight or what? Shit, she's tight, dude. You're one lucky son of a gun."

He suddenly grabbed my shoulder and I thought maybe I'd said something he didn't want to hear. Instead of clocking me, he pulled me closer to him in a conspiratorial huddle.

He asked me in a low voice, "Sometimes, dude, I just get a little tired of fucking the same old hole, ya know? I mean I'm sure you know what I'm talking about. You're a fucking stud, man. You get more ass than a toilet seat. I hear you guys talking, man. Fuck, I bet you've never even needed to fuck the same hole more than once. No one around here has fucked as many chicks as you have. A guy's gotta get it while he can, right? Am I wasting my time with just one girl?"

As a matter of fact Todd was both right and wrong. I had fucked more girls than any other guy in school, but I also frequently went back for seconds if the girl was willing.

But at that moment I looked at him seriously and said, "Hey, man, I tell you one thing, I may get around, but if I had a sweet little body like Ali's waiting for me, I'd give her more than just a blowjob, ya know? She's not the kind of girl you find just anywhere. She needs special attention."

He gave me a funny look, like he wasn't sure what I was talking about.

Fortunately I was saved by the fact that the game was about to start. Neither of us said anymore about it. Instead we headed out to the field.

* * *

The game was short and sweet, the best kind. We totally kicked the other team's ass. A good game gets my blood up, and I was feeling pretty pumped up from all the excitement. It didn't take a lot of coaxing from Steve and Greg to get me to decide to go to the party. I mean what the fuck else were we going to do on a Friday night anyway. So we hit the road in Steve's pick-up truck and headed off to join the rest of the kids at Jameson's.

It didn't take long to get there. And immediately after walking in the door it was easy to see that this party was going to be just like every other party of its kind. Too many of the same old crowd hanging around getting drunk of the beer that they managed to steal. I held back the impulse to yawn, and then suddenly Jameson was there giving us an enthusiastic greeting and telling us that since his parents and sister where gone to look at colleges back east, we could have our run of the place. He gave me a knowing wink, figuring I'd take him up on his offer before the night was over. Jameson knew me pretty well and I'd deflowered many a girl in his house.

Fuck, I'd probably had more sex in his house than his stuffy parents did.

The stereo was cranked up and an impromptu bar had been set up in the kitchen. There were no surprises. Everyone was familiar on sight, so Steve, Greg and I decided to split up and see what our chances were for the evening's fun, and finding a willing score.

I wandered through the kitchen and picked up a beer along the way and wound around the familiar layout of Jameson's downstairs living room until I stumbled on Ali and Todd. They were on the couch in the big family room that went off from the back of the house.

They seemed pretty intimate so I was going to just turn around and join up with the bump and grind outside near the pool. But just then Nicole, who was sitting across the coffee table from them, spied me.

"Hey, Marc!" she called over the racket.

I thought for a minute of pretending that I hadn't heard her, but then thought the better of it.

I looked over at her. She and Ali looked over at me and smiled. Todd was engrossed in a conversation with Mike, clearly reliving some memorable moment from the night's game. They waved at me and I returned the gesture with a macho nod of the head. Nicole motioned for me to come over.

"Be right back," I called to them and pointed to my beer, holding the bottle upside down to signal that it was empty.

Ali frowned at me, but I headed off to the kitchen. I was suddenly very self-conscious and I didn't really want to be put in some sort of awkward position between Todd and Ali.

I considered them both friends, such as they were.

I had thought I had escaped to the safe haven of the kitchen, but Ali appeared a few minutes later at the doorway.

"Hey," she said softly, ignoring the story that a drunken classmate was telling to some girl on the other side of the kitchen island, "You're not trying to run away from us are you?"

"Well," I started, really at a loss for what I wanted to say, "About the other day...."

"Don't worry about it," she told me.

"Okay," I said, not sounding convinced. 

"So," she asked me, changing the subject, "Do you want to dance?"

"What about Todd?" I responded.

"Oh, don't worry about him. He's talking sports with Mike; it'll be hours before he comes back to this planet. Besides," she paused, thinking it over, "He doesn't like to dance."

She moved closer to me than was comfortable for two friends of the opposite sex, and I caught a whiff of her perfume. Any willpower that I might have had rapidly disappeared when she put her hand on my forearm, the clothed tips of her breasts brushing against my chest.

"Well, I like to dance," I said firmly, trying very hard not to kiss the lips that were dangerously close to my own.

If I had just inclined my head even a few inches I would have been past the point of no return.

"Good," she said, with satisfaction, "C'mon."

She led me by the hand out the back double doors to the Jameson family pool. Our classmates danced around the edge, while some others indulged in a late night swim. The music was rough and it had a good beat. Ali danced a little shyly at first, but when she saw that I had not trouble getting into the rhythm, she moved in closer, and after a while not afraid to grind against me. I couldn't suppress the male reaction of my body. She must have felt my thickening cock as our thighs pressed together from dance to dance. Even through a couple of the slow songs, I didn't loose my boner. If she saw it or felt it she made no comment and we moved together for what felt like hours.

During the last song she pulled me in real close to her like a lover and whispered in my ear, "Marc, can we go somewhere and talk?"

"If you want," I murmured back to her, completely under her spell.

She and I went back into the house. We headed upstairs to look for a secluded place. I knew them all. The first door I opened was Jameson's sister's bedroom, and the sweaty couple grunting in the bed made it perfectly obvious that it was occupied.

Our next try was just as fruitless. This room I knew to be Jameson's and whoever was in there, probably Jameson himself, had taken the precaution of locking the door. Their impassioned noises made it clear that they were as occupied as the last couple had been.

The only room left then belonged to Jameson's parents. Score! It was empty.

I led the way inside. Still not sure at this point what was going to happen.

"What did you want to talk about?" I asked her.

I turned around in time to see her lock the door behind us.

"It's been so long," she said, facing me.

She came right up into my arms and snuggled against me. It felt so natural to have her there that I pulled her to me tightly, my body responding as it had earlier.

She leaned up to kiss my face, and then I just went for it, throwing caution to the winds. I obliged her by putting my hand on her cheek and quickly bringing her face close to mine. I lowered my head to her lips, kissing her squarely on her luscious mouth. It was an easy kiss, exploratory, her body very close to mine. Her lips separated reluctantly from mine. I looked at her briefly again and then moved back in for another kiss, this time much harder than the last. Her mouth opened allowing me to snake my tongue into hers. She returned the favor, kissing me back passionately, as our tongues explored each other's mouths. Then my hands slid up her back and into her beautiful, long, dark hair, our tongues exploring each other's mouths thoroughly. Her arms went around my neck, holding me close to her face as we sat back against the bed. Our lips were now making loud smacking noises, as our breath came heavier and heavier into each other's mouths.
