 My gal pal Lynette is busy working as an Assistant Manager at the Diamond Adult Store near Pismo Beach on the central coast of California. She met a lady from Iowa earlier in the week at the nude beach in Avila. Her name is Marta. Lynette invited Marta to visit her at the store and had a few surprises set up. One of the surprises was me.

Marta had never ever been in an adult sex shop. She was curious about the things that were sold, and services provided. Lynette set her up in a video booth with a new vibrator and plenty of tokens to watch the movies. While she was enjoying herself, I made use of the glory hole and shared my hard cock with her. Marta was surprised at first but threw caution to the wind and took hold of my stiff shaft for an incredible blowjob. I filled her mouth with a big load of cum. After a brief respite, she placed her hot, wet pussy lips against the glory hole and we fucked. We both enjoyed another climax; hers was assisted by the J-Vibe vibrator.

After our second rendezvous, Marta was satisfied for the time being and left the booth in search of Lynette. I, on the other hand am standing here with a hard cock that won't soften, thanks to downing three Viaga tablets. I pull my cock from the glory hole before anyone can enter the other booth. I'm sure no one else will, but you can never be sure. I sit back in the chair with my hard cock sticking straight up in the air. Although, I've just experienced two massive orgasms thanks to Marta, I still have an itch to scratch, so my right palm is now wrapped around my shaft and I slowly pump up and down.

Marta returns to the main floor and searches for Lynette, who is standing by the front door. Lynette is counseling her co-worker, Jayne, on what needs to be accomplished this afternoon. She lets Jayne know there are three boxes of new inventory that need to be displayed. Lynette completes her instructions and turns to Marta.

"Well girl, how was it? Did you enjoy the movies? I hope you had an orgasm or two with your new vibrator?"

Marta is short of breath and her cheeks are rosy. Her auburn locks are disheveled, so Lynette inquires further, "Wow Marta, you look like you've been busy back there, tell me all about it."

Marta takes a deep breath and a huge grin emerges, "I have to tell you Lynette, I adore that J-Vibe, I mean 'Wow'. I had a nice gentle climax watching some girl-on-girl video, that is my favorite. After about ten minutes, something caught my eye and I looked to the side and saw a long, thick cock sticking through that hole. I think I shrieked kind of loud. Did you hear me?"

"Not at all Marta but tell me more. I have the 'out of order' sign hanging on the doors, why would anyone be in there, I wonder?"

"To tell you the truth, that never crossed my mind. I was just startled, but I just had to look closer. I moved the chair over and stared for several minutes, I didn't know what I was going to do."

Lynette fakes being surprised, "So describe what it looked like? Was he hard?"

"Was he ever. Long and thick; seven, maybe seven and half inches; circumcised with a nice spongy mushroom tip; shaved balls that hung down low. I've never seen shaved balls before."

"Oh sweetie, I won't go down on a man unless he shaves."

"Really, well I don't do that for my husband, all he wants is missionary and he doesn't last very long either. I guess that's why I did what I did."

"So, Marta, tell me what you did. This sounds exciting."

"Well, first I touched his shaft with my fingers, kind of testing what would happen. And then I wrapped my hand around the thick shaft and squeezed. The skin was so warm and soft, but his cock was so hard. It was like I was in a dream. I used both hands to stroke him. Then I grabbed his balls and pulled down on them, I may have been a little rough."

Lynette smiles as she knows I can handle a little rough treatment. After all she was the one who forced a butt plug up my ass. She reassures Marta that everything was probably OK.

Marta continues, "I was feeling really horny at this point, so I grabbed my vibrator and pressed it into my pussy. And then I grabbed his cock and licked it all around. I sucked it between my lips."

Lynette is impressed, "Good girl. Giving a blowjob, I like that. Did you make him cum?"

"Yes. It was a huge load and I swallowed most of it, but some dripped out onto my boobs."

Lynette hugs Marta, "Well, I'm proud of you."

"Yes, it was so good, such delicious cum. When we finished, he was still so very hard. So, I remembered what's you told me about women fucking over the hole."

Now Lynette is astonished, "Wait, you mean there's more?"

Marta explains how she moved the chair over and used it to balance so she could slide her pussy onto the hard cock. She describes how she moved back and forth on the shaft and then the man took over and fucked her while she used her vibrator again. The next orgasm made her squirt and then she was filled with a big load of cum.

"I'm sorry Lynette, I think I made a big mess in there. A lot of his cum dripped out of my pussy onto the floor."

"Don't worry Marta, we have a cleaning service. I just can't believe there was someone sticking his big dick at you and you took it all. You must be exhausted."

"I'm OK. Now that I think about it, I surprised myself at what I did. I gave a blowjob and then let a strange cock fuck me. I've never done anything like that before."

Lynette hugs her new friend tight to reassure her that she'll be just fine and that it was OK to give herself over to the moment.

"Marta, I need to go to the back office and file some papers. You can hang right here for a few minutes and then we'll go get some lunch."

Lynette walks into the back area and knocks on the video booth door.

"Rob are you in there?"

I tell Lynette to come on in. She opens the door and just stares at me as I slide my hand up and down my shaft.

"Rob, what are you doing? I can't believe you are still hard? Marta said you came twice already. I'm not going to be happy if I have to take you to the hospital."

"Don't worry Lynette, I think it's getting softer. You know what would help? Maybe a blowjob from you."

Lynette frowns," Yeah, as if that's going to happen. Marta is waiting for me out front; we're going to lunch. I have to say, you were terrific. She looks properly fucked."

"I don't remember the last time I stayed hard after cumming so much. I guess you ladies really have an effect on me. Oh no, I think my cock just got harder talking about it. Wouldn't you like to be the 'fair lady' who saves me from a hospital visit. Just one little blowjob? Please?"

"Good lord Rob, what am I to do with you? Alright, but you had better cum quickly."

Lynette can't keep a straight face as she kneels and grabs my shaft. I knew I could get her to smile. It's not easy to resist a hard cock, especially one that just got a lot harder with her hand wrapped around the base. She opens wide and takes several inches in one gulp. As she pulls back, Lynette licks all around the shaft.

"Mmm, I can taste Marta's pussy juice on your cock. She is sweet, I can't wait to eat her cunt later this afternoon."

Lynette sucks on my glans and squeezes my balls. She knows exactly how to make me cum quickly. She doesn't hold back at all. Her saliva coats my shaft as she bobs her head up and down. Her teeth graze my skin and drives me close to another orgasm. She shifts to using her hand to pump my shaft as she sucks hard on the tip. Up and down, up and down. It's enough to send me over the edge.

Lynette keeps her lips glued to my glans as several ropes of thick cum shoot into her mouth. I close my eyes and enjoy the feeling of my dear friend slurping and licking all my salty protein. She pops my cock out of her mouth and swallows every drop before smacking her lips.

"You are so tasty Rob. I'm going to have some more later."

My cock finally softens after this third climax. Lynette gives my shaft one more squeeze to make sure I am deflated. She wipes her chin and leans in for a kiss. She presses her tongue into my mouth and I taste the last bit of my cum. Our tongues play together for several moments before she breaks our kiss and stands.

"Well Sweetie, it looks like I won't be going to the hospital after all, thank you so much."

"Thank goodness. I wasn't looking forward to that at all. Now, I really do need to leave you and take Marta to lunch."

"So, I guess a quick fuck is out of the question?"

Lynette shakes her head, "Once again, I have to ask myself what I am going to do with you. OK mister, Marta and I are going to lunch. After lunch, I'm taking her home to ravage her all afternoon. I want you to be there at two o'clock to join in. I think we can coax her into a threesome. I'm sure you won't have any trouble getting it up again, but don't you dare take any more Viagra."

I tell Lynette I'll do whatever she desires, if it means getting to play with Marta without a wall separating us. And I promise I won't ignore her needs either.

As Lynette leaves the video booth, she turns and says, "I can't wait for Marta to see your cock and to see who it is attached to. I think she'll be surprised."

Lynette meets Marta by the front door and she gets a bag for the corset and J-Vibe. Both ladies wish Jayne good luck with the night shift and head out the door.

"Hey Marta, I was going to suggest a little place down the street for lunch, but why don't we just go back to my house and order a pizza? You look like you could use some rest."

"That sounds perfect, I could use a breather and I want to see your home."

"OK, just follow me, it's just a few blocks away."

The ladies arrive in no time at all. Lynette lives in a 1910 craftsman home with a large front porch. Marta gets a personal tour of the remodeled kitchen and bath. Lynette shows off the bedroom with the queen bed and large mahogany headboard. She strokes Marta's back when she shows her the custom shower with two shower heads and overhead spray.

She whispers, "We can use this later on."

Marta's eyes light up, "That sounds nice."

"Make yourself at home and I'll order the pizza."

Marta reclines in the living room while Lynette goes into the kitchen and phones the local Pizza Hut. She returns with two glasses of wine and hands one to Marta.

"Marta do you mind if I get a little more comfortable, I've been on my feet all morning long."

She shakes her head as her eyes close. The morning workout has taken its toll and Marta is happy for the respite. Lynette walks back to the bedroom and pulls out her red corset. She changes quickly and slides her long legs into her black silk stockings. She steps in front of the floor length mirror and checks her image. Her hands move up to her Double-D's and pulls each breast up and over the top of the corset. She pinches each dark nipple for good measure. They immediately become erect. Lynette throws on a robe but decides not to tie the belt. The front covers just her areole and leaves an enticing view of cleavage.

Lynette makes a grand entrance; however, Marta has her eyes closed and head resting against the couch. Undaunted, Lynette moves close and bends down for a kiss. Her lips brush against Marta's. The sweet gesture surprises Marta. Her eyes flutter open and she presses her lips into Lynette's. Marta reaches up and palms Lynette's hanging tits. She squeezes the heavy mounds and pushes them together.

"I've wanted to play with these since I first saw you on the beach. Your boobs are so big and so firm, I love them."

Lynette pulls Marta to her feet and asks if she wants to put her sky-blue corset back on. Before Marta can answer, there is a knock on the door. Pizza is delivered. Lynette being Lynette, closes her robe just enough to cover her nipples and answers the door. The poor delivery boy is met with her suntan cleavage and fluffy mons. He nearly drops the box as he stutters something about the cost. Lynette hands him a twenty and tells him to keep it.

Once the door is closed both ladies erupt in a fit of laughter. Love making will have to be put on hold because lunch is served. Lynette prepares some plates while Marta runs to the bedroom to change. She piles her clothes in a corner and fastens the sky-blue corset around her pale body. She lifts her boobs up and over the top just as Lynette had done. She sees Lynette's orange J-Vibe on the nightstand and grabs her blue one from the bag and places it next to Lynette's.

Marta joins her 'soon to be lover' in the kitchen and sits down for a slice and iced tea. They both size-up one another. They could almost pass for sisters accept for their skin tone. Lynette has a deep tan while Marta is extremely pale. Their tits are almost identical in size and shape. Of course, Lynette has dark brown nipples and Marta's are bright pink.

Between bites, Marta explains, "I didn't want you to be the only one topless for lunch. I figured you'd want to see these as well."

Marta lifts her breasts before grabbing another slice of pizza. Lynette smiles and can only shake her head up and down, as she chows down on her pizza. Lunch is a quick affair as both ladies have other things on their minds.

Lynette stands up and pulls Marta to her feet. The ladies hug and smash their full breasts into one another. Hard nipples touch before Lynette leads the way into her bedroom. They hug once more and press their lips together for a long drawn out kiss with plenty of tongue. Lynette glides her fingers up and down the sides of Marta's tits. Marta responds by grinding her pussy into Lynette.

Marta whispers, "I want to do you first, I want to lick your cunt. I'm still so horny from playing with that hard cock this morning."

Lynette has no problem with Marta's request and lays down on her bed with her legs spread. She has her orange J-Vibe in her hand and hopes Marta will use it. Marta kneels and gets comfortable with her lips inches from Lynette's labia. She stares at the smooth outer lips and tuft of hair sitting atop her mons. Marta breathes deep. Lynette's inflamed pussy provides a sweet essence.

"I love your smooth lips Lynette. I have a confession, when I first saw you on the beach, I fantasized about this moment."

Marta turns her fantasy into reality with the first swipe of her tongue along the moist slit in front of her. Lynette's hands travel to the head between her thighs to caress the auburn locks. Marta feels the fingers slide though her hair and takes it as a sign to continue. She becomes more aggressive and presses her face against Lynette's pussy, using her tongue to piston in and out of her folds. She loves the taste and licks the pink flesh from top to bottom. Lynette bucks her hips and Marta uses both hands to hold her in place.

"Eat my pussy, sweetie. Suck my clit, it feels so good."

Lynette's legs thrash about as Marta keeps her face pressed between her thighs and holds her tight. Lynette's girl juice flows and Marta does her best to lick it all up. Marta grabs the orange J-Vibe from Lynette, turns it on high and slides it into Lynette's pussy. Lynette moans loudly with the intrusion of nine vibrating inches within her folds. Her outer lips churn. The dildo is covered in cream as Marta pulls it out and licks the shaft. She presses the tip against Lynette's clit and holds it tight.

"Oh, gawd Marta, you are driving me crazy. I'm going to cum. Keep my J-Vibe right there."

Marta keeps the vibrator in place with her lips glued to Lynette's snatch and her tongue licking the wet slit. Marta sends her new friend over the edge. Lynette shakes and shimmies as she rides through her climax. She shrieks and then her whole body goes limp as she sinks back into the mattress. Marta keeps her face buried between Lynette's thighs. Girl juice flows as each lady settles down and relaxes. Lynette's legs stretch out around Marta and they enjoy a brief rest.

After several minutes, Marta slides up along Lynette. She pauses briefly to stroke Lynette's left breast and suck on the dark chocolate nipple. Marta continues moving up and extends her lips to meet Lynette. They share a passionate kiss with their tongues playing together. Lynette savors her own juices that linger on Marta's lips.

"Wow Marta, that was intense. And you swear this is your first time with another woman? You must have natural pussy eating skills."

"I love your taste and I just love licking your smooth lips. I'm sorry I'm so hairy down there. It probably won't be the same for you."

"Don't worry darling, I have a plan and I hope you will agree to it. Will you let me trim your mound and shave your lips? I can clean you up so even your husband won't recognize you. Who knows maybe he will go down on you when you get home. You have a beautiful cunt, you just need to show it off."

Marta agrees to the proposition and shows her appreciation by sticking her tongue deep into Lynette's mouth. She grabs Lynette's Double-D's and massages the firm flesh. Lynette enjoys the attention being paid to her tits but slides off the bed and gathers her implements from the bathroom. She returns with her electric hair trimmer, razor and cream. She also gets a small basin of warm water with a wash cloth.

"Lay back Marta and spread your legs."

Marta complies, and Lynette runs her fingers through the hairy jungle of pubic hair. She realizes this task may take a while to complete. Undaunted, she is ready to begin grooming. Lynette glides the electric trimmer along Marta's mound and cuts generous amounts of curly pubes. Her aim is to trim her thick patch close to the skin and create a smooth surface of soft curls.

"Gawd Lynette, that feels so good. It feels like a vibrator stroking my pussy."

Marta spreads her legs wider providing Lynette access to her thighs and full outer lips. She removes little snips here and there to shape a fluffy triangle on Marta's mound. Lynette is ready to proceed to the next step.

Meanwhile, I arrive at Lynette's house and let myself in. She left her front door unlocked especially for me. Just before lunch, Lynette told me to show up around two o'clock and let myself in. She said with any luck, she would have Marta naked and in the bedroom.

I hear voices in the bedroom and figure Lynette has been successful. It's time for me to make an entrance and meet Marta in person. I've already experienced her marvelous mouth and hot pussy, but now I want to meet this sexy woman from Iowa in person. I quickly strip off my clothes in the family room and leave them on the couch. My cock stiffens nicely from residual effects of the Viagra. I stroke my shaft several times to make me hard. With my seven inches leading the way, I quietly stroll into the bedroom. What I view causes my cock to jerk about.

Marta is laying on the bed with her legs spread. Lynette is sitting between them, gliding a hair trimmer all around Marta's pussy and along her inner thighs. Both ladies are wearing their corsets, Lynette in red and Marta in sky blue. Their boobs are prominently displayed, the contrast between tan and pale skin is striking.

"Ahem, hellooooo ladies. It looks like you are enjoying yourselves?"

Lynette looks up, "Oh, hi Rob, come on in. I want you to meet Marta. Well, technically, you've already met."

Marta is startled and gasps. She has a look of momentary fear, before Lynette reassures her that everything is alright. Lynette massages her pussy to calm her down. Marta is staring directly at my throbbing cock.

"Marta, I want you to meet my dear friend, Rob. Well you already met his hard cock and big balls. Rob was your Glory Hole Stud this morning. It was his cock that you sucked and slid your pussy around. I wanted you to experience the whole concept of the glory hole, but I wanted to make sure you were safe. Do you recognize that delicious cock?"

Marta's eyes are glazed over from the shock but manages to shake her head up and down. Lynette continues to stroke Marta's labia and slides a finger between the folds. She doesn't want Marta to bolt off the bed. I introduce myself to Marta and let her know what a fabulous blowjob I experienced earlier. I tell her I was proud to be her mystery man and am thrilled to meet her in person. I hope we can continue our sexual exploits this afternoon.
