 "God, I love your cock."

Those were her exact words. It doesn't happen very often but every once in a while, something snaps in my wife and she goes completely outside of her normal personality, sexually speaking anyway. I guess this was one of those times.

We had just finished dinner, enjoyable as always but nothing out of the ordinary. The exception maybe was that she was a little quieter than usual. I started to get up to clear the table but she beat me to it. While picking up my plate she leaned in and whispered in my ear.

"God, I love your cock. I want to fuck you."

Her tone wasn't anxious or worked up or desperate. I don't even think she was trying to shock me. It was just so matter of fact, so deliberate. Certainly direct and to the point.

"Huh?" was about all I could get out. I was a bit surprised to say the least. I couldn't recall the last time she used that word.

"You heard me," she said as she moved to the kitchen with the plates. "Go sit in the chair in the family room. I'll be right there," was her matter-of-fact directive.

I did as I was instructed but felt a little silly. I figured this was going to be a good thing and I that my role would be pretty simple, but even so, I didn't want to do anything to mess it up.

Just as I settled into the leather chair, she came into the family room and stood in front of me. Her eyes locked onto mine and without a word, she started taking her clothes off. Maybe it was the wordless way she did it. Deliberate but not in a rush. There didn't seem to be any intent to tease me and in a way, that made it all the more exciting. This woman wanted sex and her clothes would play no part in that. They just had to go.

When she was finished and stunningly naked, she stepped closer, in-between my legs. She took her hand and placed it right on the crotch of my pants.

"Well, I can see that you like how I look, with no clothes," she said as she gave my burgeoning erection a little squeeze. "Now your clothes will have to come off too."

With that, she started taking my clothes off. In less than a minute I was sitting in that chair without a stitch. My cock was at full attention and twitching this way and that with each heartbeat.

"God, I just love your cock!" she said as she dropped to her knees and rested her arms on my thighs. She just looked at me for a moment. I could feel her warm deep breath on my cock.

We were just getting started but I was already in an intense state of arousal. It was just that much more exciting because I had no idea what was in store.

My view of her face was partially blocked by my now fully erect cock. It was throbbing with each pulse of blood that was sent to engorged it. Syrupy precum began seeping from the swollen tip, leaking down the head in a thin dribble.

While watching the lubricant slowly slip out of me she repeated herself, "God, I just love your cock!"

Driven by the mad desire to be touched, my mind raced with what she might do next. Would she grab ahold of me with her hands? Lick me? Press her face into me? Swallow me? WHAT?

No. She was in no hurry and it became clear she wanted to torture me.

She looked right into my eyes and never broke that contact as she extended her wet tongue. She moved her face in and gave me the lightest of licks just along the centerline of my balls.

AHHH!!! A thousand tickling impulses shot through my entire body. Uncontrollably my abdomen clenched hard, my untouched cock stiffened, forcing even more precum out of me. There was now a thick strand that dangled from the tip down to my abdomen.

This was agony! I had to be touched, even if I had to be the one to do it. Impulsively my hands went to my cock but she was quicker and blocked them.

"No. Don't touch," she insisted. "This is all mine. Just sit there and enjoy it... if you can," she said with an impish smile.

Slowly but with a mission, she ran her tongue on my balls, over and over again, painting them liberally with her saliva.

"Mmmmm. Your balls taste and smell so good!" she teased after a great inhale. "God, I love licking your balls!"

What good deed had I done to possibly deserve this treatment. Here was the love of my life, a stunning woman by any measure, totally naked, kneeling between my legs, licking my balls, and telling me she likes the way they taste and smell! I was certainly headed for heaven but if so, I was also certainly going to arrive there quite insane. I was already out of my mind with sexual tension. It was all I could do to remain still in that chair. Sweat was forming at my forehead. My heart was racing as if it would burst through my chest. With my cock at full erection, each heart beat was almost a discomfort. Every time that wonderful wet tongue of hers touched me, more precum slithered out of the head. Quite a pool had formed on my abdomen.

Her attentions expanded but not enough to sooth my anxiety. She licked my scrotum in ever expanding circles. She took turns sucking each of my balls in to her mouth and then caressing them further with her tongue. Each time she let them escape it was with a sloppy wet plop.

Her face was wet now. Her lips, chin, and cheeks glistened with saliva. She pressed her face deep into the crease between the base of my cock and my right thigh. She breathed in deeply. I heard and felt her sigh. While licking me she managed to talk to me again.

"Do you know why I like licking you here?" she said rhetorically? "I can feel your heartbeat with my tongue. I can feel it pumping to your cock. I can feel it swell and throb. I can feel it when you clench down, on purpose or not, and when that happens, I know that more precum is dripping from the tip. Mmmmm, like that! That is so sexy, knowing I am the one that is making that happen."

Now, finally, she turned her attentions to my cock.

"Do you want me baby?" she teasingly cooed. "Do you want my mouth? Do you want it on you? On your cock? I'll bet you do."

She placed her tongue flat against my balls and slowly, very slowly, made one long continuous lick up over my balls to the base of my cock and then slowly up the shaft to the head, dripping saliva all the time to be sure that I remained wet. All during that one lick, precum just flowed from me in one continuous syrupy strand.

While her tongue circled the ridge of the head of my cock she managed to say, "I like that. I like seeing that what I am doing is making more precum come out. I like seeing it but even more, I like feeling it in my mouth. I like feeling the head swell, feeling your precum slip out and tasting it on my tongue. Will you do that for me baby? When your cock is in my mouth, will you make precum come out so I can feel it, taste it?"

I had the chance to answer her while she was running her pursed wet lips up and down my shaft. Now it was my turn to say some of the primal thoughts that were racing through my brain.

"Oh yes baby, you know I will. You know I love seeing my cock in your mouth, that wonderfully sexy mouth of yours. I love seeing those luscious lips wrapped around my shaft, feeling that wonderful tongue slide all over me, coaxing more precum out of me. You know I like it when I know you are tasting me. Ummmmm. But if you're not careful, that's not all you'll taste." I mockingly warned.

"Oh whatever to you mean honey? What besides your wonderful, slippery, sweat precum might be in my mouth?" she teased with a smile before resuming her licking.

I didn't get this opportunity very often, to talk so frankly, directly, without having to be delicate about it.

"My cum baby, my cum. If you suck me like I know you can, I won't be able to hold back. I won't want to. You'll be sucking me and I'll just let it happen. I'll want it to happen. I'll fill your sexy mouth with cum! And I'll feel it too. I'll feel it all warm and thick as it fills your mouth and surrounds my cock. I spurt more and more into your mouth until you can't hold any more. Then I'll get to see it slide out from between your lips until it drips from your chin. God I love seeing that!"

All the while I was verbally unloading my fantasy on her, she just smiled back at me while she ran her wet dripping tongue all over my dick. She pretty much knew what I was going to say. She had heard it all before. She had deliberately invited me to say it knowing that it would just add to my excitement. God, I love that woman!

"Well let's not get ahead of ourselves," she advised. "Let's just see how this all turns out." There was that impish smile again.

For the first time it was something other than her tongue that touched me. She brought her hand up and wrapped it loosely around my cock, bringing it so it pointed straight up. That stiffening just made even more precum dribble from the opening.

She held me up and slowly swirled her tongue around the leaking head, making sure I could see my juices being picked up by her tongue. She would swirl it over the head and then pull back, just enough so that I could see a strand or two connect to her tongue or lower lip. She did that over and over again. She would smile and then withdraw her coated tongue. She would sigh and close her eyes, signaling her true enjoyment of how I tasted.

She whispered ever so softly, "God, I love your precum. I love the way it tastes and the way it feels, so warm and slippery on my tongue."

Then she brought fingers into the action. She used a fingertip to coat the head of my cock and then licked it off, sometimes with her tongue so I could see, other times by putting her fingers into her mouth. Sometimes she would collect it on her fingers and then smear her lips and lick it off from there. It was all so sexy! We were both enjoying this.

Just after sliding more of my precum on her lips she asked, "Are you enjoying this so far?"

"Oh geeze! You're driving me crazy but how could I not enjoy it. How could I not enjoy watching you do all of that, looking at you playing with my precum, getting it all over your mouth!"

With her tongue swirling over the oozing crown she managed to say, "How about now? How about I take this gorgeous cock of yours into my mouth and suck on it?"

I didn't answer. I didn't need to. She just kept swirling that magnificent tongue of hers around and around the head of my cock, drooling saliva on it the entire time. Then slowly, for maximum visual effect, she slipped the head between those luscious lips. Now she licked me from inside of her mouth. Slowly, more and more of my cock entered her warm wet and eager mouth. More and more of me received the treatment from that wonderful tongue of hers.

Then her fingernails tickled underneath my balls. I reacted in an instant, instinctively clenching down hard. She knew that would happen and she moaned with approval. Her request from before had been granted. That simple caress caused me to once again expel a dribble of precum, this time right where she wanted it. Right into her mouth and onto her tongue.

In an instant she was up. She sat on my lap and kissed me hard on the mouth. Her tongue came out and slid all over both our lips. She was intentionally giving me my own precum. It was wonderful. Tasting it on her mouth, feeling it on her lips. Her tongue then went deep into my mouth and mimicked what my cock does when it is in her pussy. She was intentionally fucking my mouth with her precum coated tongue.

She sat up and I could see her mouth was all wet from our kissing. I was sure mine was equally sloppy. She was sitting right on the shaft of my cock. It was enveloped on each side by her plump naked and very wet pussy lips. The head lay in a pool of precum. She started rocking back and forth. I could feel the shaft of my cock getting wetter and wetter with the juices from her pussy. We could both now smell her arousal. Oh how I wanted to taste her. Oh how I wanted to thrust my tongue as deep into her juicy wet pussy as far as possible. Oh how I wanted to make her come that way, to feel her convulse uncontrollably, to feel my face become covered in her sweet delicious nectar.

Faster and faster she rocked. Sometimes she would rock forward enough so the head of my cock could slip between her lips. I would move my hips trying desperately to finally penetrate that gloriously wet pussy but to no avail. She would quickly rock back again leaving me outside, all the more wet with her juices.

She was teasing me. Teasing us both. She wanted me inside of her just as much as I did. This whole thing started with her telling me so but she had a plan. It was going to be her way. I just had to wait for when she felt it was right.

Without stopping her back and forth motions she reached down and smeared her fingers in our combined juices and then thrust them into my mouth. Nothing delicate here. She would have pushed them right down my throat if she felt she could.

"Taste me! Taste my pussy. Taste! My! Pussy!" she sternly commanded. "Do you like it? Tell me you like it. Tell me you like how I taste. Tell me that you like the taste of my pussy!"

All the while I was trying to answer she made repeated trips to my wet cock and my mouth. Actually, I liked the idea that I was having difficulty talking to her because her pussy soaked fingers kept being spread over my lips and being put into my mouth.

"Oh yes, baby," I managed to get out. Then I tried to drill down to the raw essence of how I felt about it. "I love the way you taste. I love sucking on those beautiful plump pussy lips, nibbling on your clit, sliding my tongue deep inside of you so I can it surrounded by your pussy. Feeling your warm, sweet, juices all over it. God baby, I love tasting your pussy!"

I knew that what I said is what she wanted to hear. I barely finished that last sentence when her lips met mine. Now we were sharing her wetness, her juices, her sexual excitement. Our mouths slid across each other effortlessly thanks to all the slippery wetness. Our tongues took turns bringing that taste and texture into each other's mouths. She made return trips to between her legs to make sure we were never without her scent and the sweet taste of her slippery juices.

She kissed me again, hard. At the very instant her tongue thrust deep into my mouth, her hips rocked forward and my cock finally sank home. It slid into her in one quick wet motion. Deep into her I went, filling her completely, causing her to expel one large gasp.

She was having trouble kissing me now. She started to quiver. She turned off to one side and held me tight. Her hips rocked back and forth but in much shorter, quicker motions than before. She kept shaking. I could feel it internally and externally.

"Are you coming baby?" I whispered gently even though I knew the answer.

"Yes. I'm, I'm coming," she muttered.

She was very vulnerable for the first time that night. Gone was the amazon personality. Now she was the true essence of my wife in the incontrollable throws of orgasmic ecstasy. I held her close. Now it was me that rocked my hips, maintaining the thrusting she needed to finish the journey back down the orgasmic hill. Eventually she came back to me. She looked deep into my eyes and smiled.

"That felt soooo goooood. God, I just love your cock!"

Her personae for the evening started to return.

"Did that feel good for you? Did it feel good to be in my pussy when I came?"

"Oh you know it did baby," I said reassuringly.

"Could you feel it?" she continued and again was the one to rock back and forth. Could you feel me come? Could you feel me squeeze your cock so deep inside me? Could you feel my cum slide out of me? Are you wet now? Are your balls wet with my juices?" she asked insistently.

Without answering I reached around and rubbed my balls that were definitely wet with her cum.

"I'd say they were," I said as I rubbed my cum covered fingers over her lips and then slid them into her mouth. I have to admit that it drives me crazy to see her mouth glistening in her juices. She sighed as she eagerly licked her cum from my fingers and her lips.

She then asked, "Did you get close? Did you almost come inside of me?"

I just smiled. She knew me well enough that it was a miracle that I had not come with all that had gone on so far.

"Almost baby," I reassured her as my slow thrusting continued. "This has all been so wonderful. I am so close to coming."

Now she started to dominate things again by rocking on me.

"Do you want that baby? Do you want to keep going like this and come inside my pussy?" she asked invitingly as her rocking intensified. "You can you know. I love looking at your face when you come. I like feeling you come in my pussy. I can feel it get all warm and wet in there. Sitting on you like this, your cum will start to run out of me and get all over your balls. We'll both get pretty messy. Is that what you'd like?"

"Oh God, baby!" I could hardly answer. I was so on the verge of coming. My mind raced to create the images of everything that she described. She knew I would do that. That's why she said those things.

"I don't know. Whatever you want," I stammered. At that point I would have given her the secret plans to the nuclear arsenal if I had them.

"I don't think so. Not this time," she said. "I think I'll use my mouth to make you come. That way, I'll get to see your face and your cock as it shoots out your hot, thick, juicy cum. Would that be OK?" she teased in a mock request.

I nodded. That was all I could do at this point.

"That would be good for you too, right?" she said, knowing full well I needed no convincing to like this plan. "You'd like that, right? You would get to see your cock shoot cum into my mouth, on my lips, and probably all over my face. I'm pretty sure you'd like that," she added, knowing I had now lost all capacity for speech.

She kissed me on the mouth. Not rough and hard like before, but tenderly. It was a good-bye kiss. Before our lips parted, I felt her hips rise up. My cock left the warm and wet confines of her pussy with a juicy plopping sound. She then resumed her position between my legs.

"Oh my. Look at that," she gasped as she gently held my cock up. "That's all me. That's all my cum on you, all over your hard cock and on your balls too." she exclaimed proudly. "Ummmm. You smell like pussy."

We both looked at me for a moment. My cock, from the head all the way down the shaft to my balls, glistened in a milky translucent film of my wife's cum. It looked so wonderful and yes indeed, it smelled so wonderful. It smelled of just fucked pussy.

"I'll bet your cock tastes like pussy too!"

Just as before, she made one long slow lick from my balls all the way up to the head. This time, her tongue collected a large dollop of her creamy cum. With her mouth open and her wet tongue extended, she got up sat on my cock again, and kissed me, her wonderful tongue again in my mouth. She was giving me her cum. She tasted so good!

Our tongues danced the lovers dance. We shared that wonderful taste and texture of female cum. I think we were both disappointed when we could taste her no more.

With a wet mouth, she bounced on me playfully.

"Baby, I don't think I can last much longer. That did it for me. Seeing you lick your cum from my cock, bringing it to me, and tasting it off of your mouth like that has pushed me to the limit!"

"Ok, honey. I have tortured you enough. It's time to make my hubby come."

She left me and once again took her position between my legs. I was in agony at this point. My cock was a deep red, engorged to the limit. Precum flowed from the head as if the only reason I had not yet come was because I had not yet produced enough. It mixed with what remained of my wife's cum.

Like she did before, she placed her lips around the seeping crown and drew me in. Her head moved on me slowly at first but there was a deliberateness to her actions. Her tongue danced and tickled my shaft as my cock moved in and out of her mouth. Soon all of her cum that had been on my cock was replaced with her saliva.
