 It was a typical lazy Sunday afternoon in mid-January. Outside the sky was gray, the wind was howling, and snow was blowing. The kind of day you just want to stay in, curl up in front of the fireplace and sip hot coco. He was sitting in his recliner totally engrossed in a football game on television, I was lounging on the couch deep into a steamy romance novel that I don’t even remember the name of now. 

The characters in the book were making hot passionate love and I kept reading the same page repeatedly feeling the warm stirrings and little tingles begin deep within my womanhood. 

Instinctively, my hand crept to my breasts and I could feel the hardness of my nipples through the fabric of my sweatshirt. Before I realized it I had slipped my hand underneath my shirt and was circling them with my fingertip and gently pinching them between my fingers. A soft moan escaped my lips and quickly I glanced over at him to see if he had heard. 

He was oblivious to what I was doing so I continued. My hand sliding down my tummy to the clasp on my jeans and unsnapping it, then slowly lowering the zipper and slipping into my panties that were already damp from my excitement. 

I softly rubbed my fingers over the outer lips of my hot pussy, feeling the wetness of my mound before sliding a finger between them to find my clit At first, I just teased it a little, then as it grew hard I pushed another finger in and rubbed them on either side. My pussy was so wet and juicy that my fingers glided smoothly, in no time, my hips were gyrating slightly, and I was grinding my clit into my hand. At some point, I had closed my eyes and was lost in the moment, not even knowing that I was moaning louder than before, and breathing heavier but there was no way I could stop now. He and the book were forgotten as I brought myself to an intense orgasm. 

When I opened my eyes, he was standing above me, the zipper of his jeans open and his massive cock in his hand. In the glow from the roaring fire in the fireplace, I could see the drop of precum glistening on the end of it.

I reached out with my finger, still wet from my own cum and swiped his juice, bringing it to my lips and tasting it…MMMMMMMMM I moaned. 

I looked into his eyes I could see the need and in one swift move, he grabbed the waistband of my jeans and with ease, pulled them and my panties off at the same time. 

His hands ran back up my legs stopping at my knees and pushing them apart. His soft lips kissed the tender skin of my inner thigh and I heard his slow, deep intake of breath as he took in the scent of my sex. 

I spread my legs even wider and he spread my lips apart with his fingers as he buried his face into my dripping wet pussy. His tongue lapping up all the cum dripping from my cunt, before sliding it up my slit to flick across my still throbbing clit. He gently sucked it into his mouth as he pushed his finger into my cunt, finger fucking me. 

I slid my fingers into his hair and pulled his face tighter to me as he curled up his finger that was inside me touching my g-spot. I was right on the edge as he stopped and stood, he removed his jeans and knelt back between my legs. 

Ever so slowly, he rubbed the head of his hard cock up and down my wet slit before popping it into my cunt. I squeezed my pussy tight around him as he pushed deep inside, both of us letting out a moan at that first thrust. 

I brought my knees up to my chest allowing him deeper penetration and he held onto my shoulders, plunging his hard throbbing cock in and out of me. As his urgency grew and his rhythm increased so did our hot breath. 

I began screaming his name and bucking against him, my finger nails digging into his shoulders and pulling him yet deeper into me. His hard rod filled my pussy.

We both shuddered with ecstasy as the explosive orgasm overtook us, collapsing together just in time for the winning touchdown to be scored. He looked down into my smiling face, kissed me deeply and said TOUCHDOWN!!