 Tonight he would be hers.

He'd been looking at her for weeks. His gaze roving over her body, leaving a trail of heat in its wake. Those dark blue eyes resting on her tempting lips - glittering with want - but he still hadn't done anything about it.

Each night she'd gone home to her vibrator: wet, ready and frustrated. She'd had enough; she wanted the real thing. Clenching her thighs together, she tried to tame the pulse between her legs. She thought about his heat, his hard cock and his lean muscular body pounding into her hard and fast.

She shivered and licked her lips.

It was time for her to take control of this situation. Her nipples hardened just thinking about what she wanted him to do to her body. Her heart rate increased when she contemplated making him do it. Maybe this was the start of something she hadn't even realised she wanted?

Taking a deep breath she walked towards him.

The bar was loud and dark; crowded with the usual people celebrating the start of the weekend. That could work in her favour. Her eyes locked onto his; she was pleased to see his widen slightly.

Good - the element of surprise was on her side.

His gaze stroked her breasts and paused on her nipples that were trying to poke their way through her silk blouse.

A familiar ache began down low, accompanied by a sudden slickness between her legs as she made her way towards him.

God - she wanted him!

As she reached him he turned to shelter her from the jostling crowd. She stepped backwards into a dimly lit alcove, stopping when she felt the wall against her back. The music and voices were muted here.

They looked at each other for a moment, cocooned in this small, quiet space, and she could sense he understood this was no ordinary meeting. He looked a little wary but she could see the excitement in his eyes.

"Come here."

She tugged lightly on his loose turquoise tie, pulling him towards her.

There was no resistance.

The subtle citrusy tang of his aftershave made her mouth water. He'd opened the first few buttons of his shirt revealing a tantalising glimpse of his smooth tanned chest. Her fingertips tingled with need.

He rested a hand on the wall by her head and leaned down towards her in supplication. Feeling his warm breath on her neck, she sighed with pleasure.

Tilting her head towards him, she heard his breath catch as she took her first taste of him. Her hot, wet tongue licked from the dip at his collar bone, slowly but surely up the taut smooth line of his neck into his sharp stubble.

He was delicious: a little salty and sweetly addictive.

She licked him again.

Drawing back slightly, she was satisfied to see goose bumps following the line she had just taken. The pulse beating in his neck matched the merciless lust pounding through her own body. Her skin prickled with the need to be touched; her breasts full and heavy, wanting to be squeezed, sucked, licked.

Nothing else existed now.

Grabbing his hand, she pressed it to her breast, showing him what she wanted - what she craved.

Her eyes closed. She forgot to breath as the shock of his first hot touch went rushing through her body. He shaped and plumped her breast - his index finger and thumb circling and pulling her nipple.

She parted her lips.

He was breathing hard, but kept working her breast as he leant forward. Those dark eyes needy and burning. Diving into his thick, wavy hair, she pulled him the final few millimetres, sweeping her tongue into his mouth. She took advantage of his gasp to thrust into his mouth, over and over, a primal rhythm that rapidly consumed them both.

Every stroke of his tongue only increased the ache between her legs. She clenched her bottom and rolled her hips, desperate for some friction to relieve the hurt.

She knew what she wanted.

Breathing hard into his mouth she looked into his eyes as she took his hand and shoved it up her skirt, spreading her legs to give him room to please her.

"Touch me. Fuck me. Make me come!" She whispered fiercely against his lips, gripping the back of his neck.

Pupils dilated, he worked quickly, his long, thick fingers frantically tugged her g-string to the side and plunged into the hot, drenched centre of her body. She held onto his strong forearm, feeling the muscles flex as he fucked into her.

Her pussy was so swollen and tight. Every sweet drag in and out made her moan.

"Shit! Oh god...I want..." The words floated away as sensation took over.

"Tell me! Tell me what you want and I'll give it to you."

"I want to come, hard... I want you to watch me." She panted.

"Yes. God, yes! I want to see you." He whispered reverently.

He leant back slightly to adjust his angle so he could rub her swollen clit with his thumb while his fingers worked deep inside her.

Nothing had ever felt this good. Every muscle in her body tensed, straining for her orgasm.

"Yes!" She hissed. "I'm so close... right there... oh god, yes!"

Vaguely, she registered digging her nails into his neck.

Her head flew back, thudding against the wall, as her orgasm shot through her. His fingers never stopped; they kept fucking her until she closed her legs and twisted away, too sensitive to take any more.

Slowly, she opened her heavy eyes to see him watching her intently as he withdrew his fingers. She could hear the familiar beat of her favourite song as her surroundings came back into focus.

Raising his hand to taste her nectar, she licked and sucked his fingers clean.

"I'm going to take you home and fuck you, hard."

"Thank god! Yes." He moaned.

Tonight, he was hers.