 On our third date, after the movie, we took the street car back to the hospital grounds, but instead of going to the nurse's quarters as I expected, she took my hand and led me to a park bench overlooking Elliot Bay. At night, the bench was in the shadow of some shrubbery and out of view from the windows of her quarters. 

I expected we'd cuddle and neck as we had done on our earlier dates, but Kathy was ready to go further. "It's about time we got to know each other better," she said, after we had suitably warmed ourselves with open mouthed kisses and a good bit of tongue sucking. "Just where did you get hurt?"

"Well, you remember; I was on crutches out at the Naval hospital." I saw her nod in the moonlight. "I got hit in my upper right thigh, almost too close to my genitals." 

"Where? Can I see?"

I would have opened my pants to show her, but my damned cock was already engorged and embarrassingly erect, so I tried to stall her. "Some other time," I said.

"OK." She reached up and pulled my head down to meet her lips. I was trying to will my cock to subside while concentrating on the way her wicked tongue was tickling the corners of my mouth when I felt her hand brush the front of my pants.

I was mortified. "I'm sorry, Kathy. I can't help it when we sit down and neck."

"Do I always have that effect on you?" she asked.

I squirmed uncomfortably. Oh, God! She's more innocent than I thought! Actually, Kathy was playing with my head, but I was much too self-conscious at the time to consider that possibility. 

"Yes, just about," I said.

"Does it happen with other girls, too?"

Now I was really in a dilemma! I certainly wasn't going to confess that Bonnie and I had reached a stage where she let me play with her bare breasts while she held my cock and jacked me off, or that I had actually fucked Shelly. On the other hand, I didn't want to appear entirely naive, either. 

"What makes you think there are other girls?"

"Aren't there always other girls?"

I didn't know how to answer that, so I countered with "What about other men?"

Again, she surprised me because this was an era when virginity in single women was expected and valued. "Yes," she said slowly, "there have been other men. But right now, you're the only one." 

She had withdrawn her hand, and now sat silently while she waited to see how I would receive this bit of news. As I later came to realize, this candor was entirely characteristic of her. If you wanted to know something, all you had to do was ask. You might not like it, but you'd get an honest answer. She never pulled her punches.

I didn't fully understand the significance of her remark until later, but I had sense enough, as I read her body language, to realize something important had just taken place. There was only one possible response. Silently, I gathered her in my arms, and tenderly kissed her mouth, her eyelids, and the tip of her nose. I was surprised to find that her eyelids were moist and her cheeks were wet. I kissed her again, and softly stroked her hair.

"Just you and me," I whispered. "That sounds good."

The nurses who lived in the quarters had to conform to a midnight curfew because that's when the door was locked. It was time for her to sign in. I took her to the door, and kissed her goodnight. Without fully realizing it, Kathy and I had taken a huge step.

Kathy carried a bulky package on our next date. When I asked about it, she smiled and said, "You'll see." I suggested a movie after dinner, but she had other ideas. "I have a surprise for you," she said.

Mystified, I followed her to a street car stop where we boarded a car going in the opposite direction from the hospital. We were near the edge of downtown Seattle when she reached up and pulled the stop cord.

I followed her off the car. We walked about half a block and abruptly turned into an apartment building. By this time, I realized that we were going to a party. We climbed two flights of stairs. Kathy led the way down the hall and stopped in front of an apartment door. The hall seemed strangely quiet, and I was baffled when she produced a key and opened the door.

The apartment was dark. Was this, I wondered, a surprise party? If so, why? My speculation was cut short when Kathy flipped a light switch. "Here we are," she said cheerfully. "What do you think?" I didn't know what to think. We were alone in a barely furnished studio apartment. A Murphy bed unfolded from the wall conspiciously occupied much of the single room.

Kathy dropped her coat on the single chair in the room and sat on the green blanket and patted the bed next to her. Then she held out her arms. "Come here and give a girl a kiss."

I was still uncertain what all this meant, but I sat gingerly on the edge of the bed, and we embraced. This time, she took the initiative, stroking my hair and kissing not only my mouth, but my cheeks and nose. Then she stood and pulled her sweater off over her head! "Hurry up," she said as she laid the sweater on the chair. "I'm already way ahead of you!" Suiting action to words, she then unbuttoned her skirt and stepped out of it.

I was stunned by her sudden aggressiveness, and watched avidly as she slid her half slip down over her hips, revealing her panty girdle and bare thighs above her stocking tops. I untied my shoes, and unbuttoned my shirt while she reached behind and unfastened her bra. Then she slipped the straps off her shoulders, revealing her full, slightly pendulous breasts to me for the first time. Her pink areolas were large, almost the size of an old fashioned silver dollar, while her engorged nipples, betraying her excitement, stood proudly from their soft base.

I slid my pants down while she was wiggling out of her panty girdle, and my hard cock and balls were available for her inspection just as her dark bush was exposed to mine.

We studied each other's nude body under the harsh light of the single unshaded bulb hanging from its cord in the middle of the ceiling. Then we joyously met in the middle of the room, her billowy breasts crushed against my chest and my stiff cock mashed against her soft belly. "Kiss me, Denny," she whispered. I needed no encouragement. Our arms were tightly wound around each other and I pressed my open mouth against hers. We stood, tightly joined, kissing and stroking each other's back.

Kathy broke away for a moment, and pulled the blanket down to the foot of the bed, revealing a sheet stretched tautly across the mattress. "There," she said, dropping down and stretching full length on the bed. "Come here. I won't bite you."

I didn't need a second invitation. Even though Kathy displayed the same aggressive streak that Shelly had a year earlier, the circumstances were entirely different. Here, we were safe from rampaging parents. Also, having had the benefit of Shelly's earlier coaching, I wasn't quite as inexperienced. Then too, I didn't really know Shelly, but Kathy and I had a history dating back well over a year when I was patiently teaching a motley crew of cadet nurses the significant distinction between their right and left feet.

We rolled our bodies together. I was almost giddy with excitement as I luxuriated in the unaccustomed erotic feel of warm, living female skin pressed tightly against mine from lips to toes. Her breasts were like soft pillows against my chest as we clung to each other. She kissed my neck and chest, nipping briefly then tonguing my tiny nipples. Then it was my turn. I sucked as much of her breast into my mouth as possible, then nibbled gently on her nipples.

She spread her legs and seized my cock. "I've been waiting for this long enough. I want it in me, right now!" I rolled over her leg and was cradled between her raised thighs. She grabbed my cock again, inserting the tip into her pussy "Push!"

My cock sank into her belly in a single slow thrust. The feel of her hot, moist tissues slowly parting to accept my rampant cock was exquisite beyond description. I lasted only a few thrusts before I felt my scrotum tighten and my seed begin its sweet aching journey down my urethra. 

Remembering Shelly's concern about becoming pregnant, I attempted to pull out of Kathy's greedy pussy, but she would have none of it. "Don't," she whispered. "I want to feel you cum in me!"

Those words tripped my switch. My cock instantly began to spasm, and I felt myself ejaculate what seemed like gallons of semen into her cunt. After my spasms ended and our breathing had returned to almost normal, Kathy said, "Could we roll over? You're getting awfully heavy." Holding tightly to each other to avoid accidentally separating, we rolled on our sides and silently clung to each other basking in the wonder of the moment we had just shared.

Soon, however, Kathy said, "My leg is going to sleep. You'll have to move." Reluctantly, I backed away from her. She got up, and holding her cupped hand between her legs, hurried into the tiny bathroom. When she returned, I slid out of bed and went to take my post ejaculation pee. When I rejoined her, I found she had covered the wet spot with a towel and was lying on it. Then she began to inspect my body more closely. The first thing she noticed, of course, was the ugly shrapnel scar on the inside of my right thigh about two inches from my cock and balls. "That was a close one," she murmured.

Then she turned her attention to my foreskin. "I didn't realize you had one of these while we were doing it," she said, gently pinching and lifting a fold of skin. 

All the while, of course, I was burning with curiosity about the room, but I was afraid to ask. She probably sensed that it would be wise to explain.

"I'll bet you're wondering about the room, aren't you?"

"It crossed my mind."

"This room belongs to the nurses on my floor; at least those who live in the residence. I've never used it before, but every payday, I chip in my $5 just like the other girls, to pay the rent. The room is available to any of us on a first come, first serve basis. It's used almost every night. I had to sign up for it a week ago; that's why I had to stall before we could make this date."

By this time, thanks to her gentle rubbing and stroking, my cock was beginning to erect once again. I wet my fingers and began to play with her pussy. I still hadn't seen one, and had only the haziest idea how they are put together, so she had to guide my hand to achieve the most benefit, but I learned quickly, and was soon finger fucking her so vigorously that I could hear the squishing sounds my fingers were making in her cunt.

We fucked again, and later, a third time. Between times, we dozed in each other's arms. I had no pressing appointments the following day, but she had to get to work by 7:00 o'clock, which meant that we'd have to leave the apartment well before daylight.

After we dressed, she opened the package she had been carrying. It contained a white cotton sheet. She stripped the soiled sheet off the bed and we replaced it with the clean one. She folded the soiled sheet as compactly as possible and tucked it into the package. Then she added the towel. "I hadn't counted on getting so wet," she said.