 "This is stupid man. I don't see why you would go all the way to another country when you don't even know if this girl is real." 

Chris looked at his friend, who was sitting on the couch. "I don't expect you to understand. You've never been in love." 

The man on the couch threw his hands up in the air. "Neither have you! You just think you love this "girl." For all you know, this could be a creepy old man who is just leading you on," he said, clearly exasperated. There was just no talking to Chris when he was like this. 

Chris paused in the act of packing his bags and looked at his friend. "Josh, please, can't you just support me for once?"

"I do support you Chris. When you started writing, who helped you? Me. I have always supported you, and you're my bro. I don't want to see your heart broke again."

"Just trust me. I know she's real. She even sent me a picture." Leaning over, he dug in his suitcase for a few seconds and pulled out a piece of paper. Sitting down on the couch, he showed the picture to Josh. 

The woman in the picture looked to be about 5'4", give or take a few inches. Her body was slender, with curves in all the right places. She had a camera hung around her slender neck and a bag slung over one shoulder. Her long hair was the color of warm honey and her eyes were the color of a story sky. Josh had to admit, she was beautiful. But, any photograph can be faked. 

"How do you know that's really her?" Josh asked. 

"I just do. And I'm going to prove it to you. My flight is tomorrow and when I get there I'll call you and let you talk to her," he said standing up and resuming his packing. 

"Alright man," Josh said, standing up and heading to the door. "I guess if you prove me wrong then I'll apologize. Until then, I think this is just too good to be true." 

With that final statement, he left the house. When Josh left, Chris finished his packing and sat down at his computer. Logging on to MSN, he checked his friends list and saw that she wasn't online. 

"Too bad," he thought to himself. "I was hoping to talk to her."

He decided to look through some of their old conversations instead. As he opened the last message, he smiled as he saw her picture pop up on his screen. He never got tired of looking at her. 

Pulling up their conversation from about a week ago, he began to read. 

• arawr103 says: Hey handsome. How's it going? I hope you remember what today is ;)

• chris123 says: Hey sweetie. Of course I remember. :) Today is our two year anniversary. (: We met exactly two years ago today. The best thing that ever happened to me

• arawr1says: Same here! You are the most important person in my life. I love you so much. So I know what you can get me ;) 

• chris123 says: And just what would that be? 

• arawr103 says: Well, I bought you something *sneaky face ;)*

• chris123 says: Oh really now? What did you buy me? 

• arawr103 says:.....A plane ticket.......

• chris123 says: A plane ticket? O.o What for? 

• arawr103 says: Well, if you want to...it's so you can come down here.....with me

• chris123 says: .............

• arawr103 says: I understand if you don't want to...:/

• chris123 says: Of course I want to! I was just shocked that's all. Are you serious baby?! That would be amazing! When is it for? 

• arawr103 says: Really? You really want to? :)

• chris123 says: Well yeah! That would be amazing

• arawr103 says: I'm so glad you think so :) I thought you might not want to. It's a one way ticket. You can live with me if you want, then you won't waste money if you decide you don't want to stay here 

• chris123 says: That's great baby <3 I can't wait. When does my flight leave? 

• arawr103 says: I mailed it a few days ago so your ticket should be there soon. Your flight leaves in 3 days. I'm so happy that you're actually excited about it. I can't wait to finally see you in Australia. You're going to love the kangaroos :D

• chris123 says: I am so excited. I can't wait to see you. The first thing you're going to get is a big kiss ;) 

• arawr103 says: Good. That's exactly what I want :) I have to go now babe I have a photo shoot in about 30 minutes and I need to prepare for it. 

When he finished reading the conversation, he smiled real big. His flight left in 3 hours, and he couldn't wait. He was dying to see her. He knew for a fact that he loved her. Even thought he had never met her, he could just tell that she was the one.

*****

Alexa stood waiting in the airport terminal. This was it, the day. She could finally see the man of her dreams. She had been waiting for this day for two years. They had decided to wait until they were sure that they were in love. Alexa however, knew from the beginning that Chris was the man for her.

She wasn't so sure about the writer part but that was his dream and she was going to support him through all of it.

As she waited, she fidgeted with her camera bag. Photography was her passion and she took the camera everywhere with her. She hoped that he would let her take some pictures of him. She wanted to capture everything about their first meeting. Photography and pole dancing were about the only things she liked. She hoped one day to save up enough money to get a pole installed in her bedroom. 

At that moment, his plane landed on the runway. She ran to the door and waited for her first glimpse. 

Through the throng of people, she caught sight of a tall, athletically built man with wavy brown hair. 

"Chris! Chris, over here!" She yelled to him, jumping up to be seen over the crowd. She absolutely hated her short height. She had been teased her whole life and just couldn't handle all the rude comments. 

"Chris!" She yelled once more before he noticed her and headed her way, a huge smile on his face. 

*****

When he got off the plane, Chris was extremely nervous about meeting Alexa. He couldn't wait to see her, but wondered how she felt about meeting him. 

As he walked through the crowd, he gazed around looking for her. At first, he didn't see her. After a few seconds of looking, he heard a beautiful voice calling his name. Looking to where he thought he heard the voice, he saw a small blonde woman jumping up and down, a wide smile on her gorgeous face. 

Smiling, he made his way through the crowd towards her. As he got closer, he started to see more and more of her. She looked just like her picture right down to her camera bag slung over her shoulder. Laughing, he moved faster towards her. Her hair was down and wavy today, and the blue shirt made the blue in her gray eyes stand out. 

Finally, after what seemed hours of staring at her trying to get closer, he reached her and grabbed her up into his arms. Their lips met in an electric kiss. Her lips were soft pressed up against his. Their lips moved sensually against each other, the pressure was amazing. This is what they had been waiting for, for two years. When they finally came up from each other, big grins were on their faces. 

"Hey," she said, smiling big. 

"Hey sweetheart," he said, taking her hand. Hand in hand, they walked to where he could collect his baggage. 

"How was your flight?" she asked, still smiling. 

"It was long." He couldn't stop looking at her. She was just so beautiful. He thought he could look at her for hours and that's just what he planned to do. "So, what are we gonna do today?" 

"Well, since it's already 6 in the evening, I figured that we could go out to dinner and then I thought that maybe we could go home." 

"Sounds perfect. You drive," he said as they walked out to her car. 

They didn't talk much on the drive to the restaurant. He was spending too much time watching her to actually talk to her. Her hair looked soft and her blouse showed her curves perfectly. The swell of her breast was shown at the top. Her tan skin looked smooth and oh so touchable. He was looking forward to tonight. 

When they arrived at the restaurant, he said, "hold on," before jumping out of the car. Running around to the other side, he opened her door and took her hand as she stepped out. 

"Why thank you," she said as he bowed to her. Laughing, they walked hand in hand inside. 

"You look so beautiful," he told her as they were seated. "I can't believe that I'm finally meeting the girl I've been in love with for the past two years." 

"Is it everything you have ever imagined it would be?" She nervously asked. She didn't want him to be disappointed with her. 

Grabbing her hand across the table he said, "You are everything I have ever wanted and more." 

Grinning real big, she leaned across the table and kissed him on the lips. 

The rest of the dinner passed with them talking about their lives and how they wanted to spend the rest of it. 

"I know that I want to be with you forever. You are the only woman for me Alexa. I knew the first moment I started talking to you."

"Aww, I feel the same way about you Chris. I love you with all my heart. There's never going to be another man who I'll want to be with. Why don't we get out of here and head to my—our home?" She asked with a sexy smile on her face. 

Jumping up, he grabbed her hand, threw some bills down on the table, and headed for the door. 

She laughed, exhilarated as the climbed in the car and she started to drive them home. As they were driving, he laid his hand down on the top of her bare thigh. She had worn a short skirt and he was amazed at how soft her skin felt. 

He heard her moan softly as his thumb rubbed slightly higher and higher, going up under her skirt to touch the edge of her panties. 

She was glad when they finally reached the house. She waited patiently as he opened her car door and she tried to hurry as she got her keys to open the front door. The door finally opened and they stepped inside. She relocked the door and turned around. 

He was standing closely behind her, almost touching her body with his. Her breath caught in her throat as she looked up at his face. His warm brown eyes locked with her soft gray ones. 

Leaning down, he claimed her mouth with his. She moaned as his tongue plundered the depths of her warm mouth. Pushing her backwards against the wall, he grabbed her hands and held them above her head, pressing the length of his body against hers. 

Her hips bucked against his as she felt the hard length of his pressed against her belly. He groaned into her mouth, pushing his hips into hers to hold her still. 

He pulled back and she cried out at the loss of his mouth. "Where's the bedroom," he breathed against her neck, kissing his way up and down the side, pausing to nibble a few places. 

"U-upstairs to the r-r-right," she managed to get out between gasps. His lips were doing dangerous things to her. 

He picked her up and hurried up the stairs. Opening the door on the right, he saw a big bed up against the far wall. Carrying her to it, he gently laid her down in the center. 

She looked beautiful laying there with her eyes half shut, her clothes and hair disheveled. 

"You are the most gorgeous person I have ever seen," he said to her. 

"Come kiss me, please," she begged him, reaching up to grab his hand. 

He backed away from her, teasing, just out of reach. She sat up, crying out for him to come closer. 

He ignored her cry and unbuttoned the top button of his shirt. Her eyes were riveted to the sliver of skin he now had showing. Unbuttoning the rest of the buttons, he pulled the shirt off to show off his toned chest. 

Alexa climbed off the bed and walked up to him, running her hands down the contours of his chest and stomach. He hissed between her teeth as her nails raked over his nipples. He pulled her shirt over her head, rubbing her breasts through the smooth lace of her bra. He pulled the cups down below her nipples, running the pad of his thumbs over them, causing them to harden. 

Alexa moaned out loud as jolts of electricity shot up her body. Chris reached around and unhooked her bra, bending down and wrapping his lips around a nipple. Alexa clutched the back of his head, gasping and pulled his closer to her body. Her back arched as he gently nibbled on her nipple. 

Suddenly, he pulled away and dug around in his bag as Alexa panted behind him. Turning around, he hid his hands behind his back as he backed her to the bed. 

As she fell to the bed, he grabbed her right wrist and tied it to the bedpost. 

"Wha-what are you doing?" She managed to gasp out as his lips encircled her right nipple again. Sucking hard, he reached across her and fastened her left hand to the other bedpost with the second scarf in his hand. 

Standing up, he walked to the end of the bed and looked at her. Her hair was fanned out on the pillow behind her. Her chest was bare, her breasts standing proud on her chest. Her flat, tight tummy inspired him to look lower to where her skirt was slightly bunched up from their action of the past few minutes. 

He took his pants and boxers off before he climbed up between her thighs. She gasped aloud as she felt his smooth hardness against her upper thigh. Chris leaned forward and kissed her stomach as he unbuttoned her shirt and pulled it down her legs. Her tiny lace panties were all she was wearing. 

Alexa was panting and moaning, thrusting her hips into the air as he kissed up the inside of her thighs, coming closer and closer to her most intimate area. 

"Please," she started to beg him. "Please fuck me Chris." 

Chris grabbed the sides of her panties and pulled them off her legs. She was now completely bare beneath him. He gasped at her beauty. Her lips were smooth and hairless, her clitoris standing out from between her lips. He could see the liquid dripping from between her puffy lips. 

Leaning down, he breathed in the scent of her. She smelled clean and feminine. 

"Ohhhh," she moaned out loudly as he ran his tongue up her wet slit. Inserting on finger into her, he latched his mouth onto her clit. Her hips bucked as he began to flick his tongue across her sensitive bud. "Oh yeah, oh yeah. Please. More," she begged, straining against her bonds. 

Chris sucked hard, flicking his tongue hard and fast. He put another finger into her, feeling her muscles clamp down on his fingers. 

"Ahhh," she screamed as she came. Her pussy was rippling around his fingers. He pulled his head up, watching her face as she orgasmed. Stretching across her body, he latched his mouth to hers as she continued to moan and twist in pleasure, pulling against his bonds. 

He shoved his tongue in her mouth as his cock pressed against the opening of her vagina. Her hips bucked up, pushing an inch inside herself. She moaned into his mouth as he pushed is whole length inside her. 

"Ohh, baby, you're so tight," he groaned out. 

"Yeah, yeah, harder baby. Fuck me harder," she moaned breathlessly. 

He began pounding in and out of her. Her pussy was stretching to accommodate the length and width of him. He could feel her muscles tightening on his cock. As he plunged in and out of her depths, he pulled her nipple into her mouth, biting down. 

"Fuck me baby, harder, harder," she moaned, pulling her hands down tight against her bonds. 

She wrapped her legs around his legs, digging her heels into his butt, pulling him into her. She pushed her hips up to meet his thrusts. 

"I'm getting close baby. Keep going." 

He increased his pounding, pushing in and out faster and harder. 

She screamed out loud as she orgasmed again. He pushed into her all the way, bottoming out in her tight pussy as he shot ropes of sperm inside her. Her hips kept bucking up into his until his cock went limp and slipped out of her. 

Chris reached around and untied the bonds holding her to the bed. When her hands were freed, she wrapped her arms around his neck, cuddling close to him. Laying her head on his chest, she whispered, "I love you." 

"I love you too baby," he said, snuggling her close to him. "Forever and always."