 I'd be lying down with you naked, pressed up against you, running my hands down your sides, grasping at your thighs, and then run my hand up between your legs and feel your hard shaft... 

I'd press against it with my palm, move the skin around a bit and then encircle it with my hand and stroke up and down, circling my grip a bit... 

Then I'll move down your body, pausing to kiss your chest, tease your nipples with my tongue, flicking and nibbling them gently, kissing down to your stomach, running my hands along your sides to your hips, kissing down to your pubic bones... 

Then I'll lift your cock to my lips and lick just the tip, and then kiss down a bit more to your thighs, lick right in the creases where they meet your body, tongue your balls a little bit, still moving up and down your cock with my hand, slowly... 

I'll move my tongue up to the base of your rod and lick all the way up, circle the head a couple times and then move down the sides, pulling at them with my lips and licking up and down... 

I'll go back up to the head and take just the tip into my mouth, working the base and a bit of the balls with my hand, holding your head in my mouth and circling the top with my tongue, pushing my tongue a little ways into the hole and then flicking out and around again... 

I'll bring you into my mouth just an inch more and then pull out to just the head again, tightening my lips to pull the skin a bit with me... 

Then back, slowly taking you into my mouth, flicking my tongue around the sides and head, and slowly pulling you out again... 

I'll take you all the way out of my mouth again, and slide my hand up and down your length, my journey slicked by my saliva... 

I'll start licking the sides of your cock, up and down, pressing a little harder with my tongue now, circling the head and then mouthing up the sides again, sucking just a bit of the skin in as I do... 

Then I'll go back up and take your head in my mouth again, sucking a bit, tasting your precome... 

I'll suck down, pulling you into my mouth little bit by little bit, keeping up the suction, then pull you out again, keeping pressure with my lips, then suck you back in again, a bit farther than before... 

I'll pull you out to circle your head again with my tongue then take you all the way out of my mouth and look up at you, licking my lips, watch you watching me... 

I'd wrap my hand around your shaft and pump it up and down slowly, spreading the wet of my saliva... 

I'll move my mouth down to lick your thighs again, biting just a bit, and then moving up to lick your balls, opening my mouth and sucking one into the warmth, rolling it around with my tongue... 

Then releasing it to pull the other one into my warm, wet mouth, sucking just a touch and then releasing that one as well... 

Then I'll move back up to tongue the base of your cock, pushing my tongue against it, flicking it around the sides, moving my lips to kiss and suck around the sides as well... 

I'll move to the head and push about half your hard length into my hot mouth, sucking and then releasing quickly to pull you all the way out and flick my tongue around the sides and head again... 

I'll push you back in, sucking you deep into my throat, taking in as much of your length as I can, licking up and down with my tongue... 

Then pull you out to the edges of your head, keeping my lips tight, then slowly, slowly lower my mouth all the way onto you, feel you tapping at the back of my throat, then, slowly, back up...

I'd move my hand to the base of your dick, moving the skin around, then down to massage your balls, then back along the entire length, spreading the wet around, making my hand glide along your length... 

I'd flick my tongue into your hole, moving my lips back and forth just over the edges of your head... 

I'll take you all the way out of my mouth and look up at you to ask if you would like to return the favor at the same time...? 

Then take you back into my mouth and wait for you to try to get your answer out as I move you in and out of my mouth, tightening my lips and pumping you in and out... 

You eventually gasp out a yes and I'll take you out of my mouth, feeling my hand slick with my spit, and work that up and down your dick, tightening my hand just a little to pull a bit of the skin with me... 

I'll swivel around, still working you with my hand, and flip you on your back, lay on your chest, my breasts pressed against your lower stomach and my dripping cunt close to your face for your (and my) pleasure... 

I'll pull your cock straight up with my hand and plunge you deep into my mouth, holding you in there and working the sides with my tongue and lips, tasting your precome at the back of my throat... 

I'll lift my head up to pull you out, tightening my mouth on your head, trying to ignore your administrations on my pussy as I plunge you back into the depths of my throat... 

I keep pulling you out and taking you deeply back in, sometimes only halfway, and then sucking while pulling you out, sometimes taking you all the way in and feeling you at the back of my throat... 

Almost to the point of being unable to control yourself you start to move against me, bucking your hips against my chest, pushing yourself further and further into me, tapping against the back of my throat... 

I pull you in and out faster and faster, staying with your rhythm until I feel your hot come shoot into my mouth... 

I take it in and in, swallowing all I can, but some still drips out around the edges of my lips, slicking my hands and your cock... 

I move my hand up and down slowly a bit, letting your shuddering subside, then finally take my mouth off you, licking your length a bit before rolling to the side and resting with you...