 Looking around the huge oak table I could see the presentation went well.

"So, Gentlemen, all the projections are approved? Any changes, questions?"

Everyone was smiling, already talking about the project. "Then, that's it. Thank you Gentlemen." And they began to leave the conference room.

The CEO headed over to me - said the presentation went quite well, and asked if I would be interested in having a drink with him to discuss working together on future projects. I took a quick look at my watch. The meeting ran longer than anticipated so I had to refuse his invitation, but he did make me promise a rain check.

I gathered the presentation boards and videotapes, said my good-byes and headed to the elevators. I pressed the Down Button and leaned my boards against the wall. This is such a beautiful building, I thought, walking over to the windows. The view from the 25th floor was incredible extending all the way from downtown out to the ocean. I hadn't realized the sun was already setting. A huge fiery ball sinking into the horizon.

"I wonder how much longer until the elevator gets here?" I said aloud.

"Oh, at this time of day it takes a while." a man's deep voice said.

Startled, I turned around.

"Didn't mean to sneak up on you." he said, laughing.

"No, it's okay. I was lost in the sunset and didn't hear you." I said.

And then we did what people do while waiting for an elevator to come. Nothing. We did not talk, did not look at each other. Just two people standing. Waiting.

The doors finally opened and he waited for me to get in before entering. As he pressed the button for Lobby I took a quick glance at my elevator companion. He was an attractive man and seemed to be in pretty good shape, noticing his black loafers. He was wearing well-cut gray slacks, a crisp pale blue dress shirt, patterned tie, and a textured sports coat. His face and hands were bronzed maybe from vacation, playing a sport perhaps? He was holding a black leather, thickly filled Appointment Book.

Taking another look at my watch I sighed. "I'm really running late now."

Clearing his throat he said "I'm sure the man you're meeting will wait for you." 

I could feel his eyes looking me over. I was getting the feeling he was undressing me, seeing beneath my clothes. I mentally reviewed what I was wearing as his eyes took me in. My mid-thigh length black skirt, matching jacket, with tiger print trim on the collar, my sheer pink lace camisole top, scoop neck. I could feel his eyes moving down my body to the smoky black stockings on my legs and black patent leather high heels. I consciously positioned my body in order to give him a sexier pose.

Turning my head I locked my eyes into his. "Yes, he'll be there. I'm definitely worth waiting for." I said with a girlish laugh.

"Yes, I can see that." he said, nodding his head. "I know I'd wait for you."

He had the most seductive voice. Kind of low, with the hint of what? A southern gentleman's accent? The way he spoke those words, well, I almost melted feeling a warmth overtaking my body.

And then it happened! There was a sharp jolt from the elevator coming to a very abrupt halt that not only scared me but threw me up against him hard! My breasts crushed into his chest. "OH!" He dropped his leather book and had his strong arms around me. "Are you alright?" he asked. I was already beginning to panic. I did not want to move. 

"We stopped. We are not moving. And I don't like this." I said nervously.

"It'll be all right. We'll be going in a minute." As if his words would make us move faster.

I could feel his arms holding me. It felt so safe. One of his hands moving down my back, stopping right at the base of my spine. I closed my eyes for a moment and rested my head on his chest, took a deep breath to try to calm me. He smelled so good.

"I'm all right. Just a little nervous." I said as I began to pull away to straighten my jacket. "This is the first time I've ever been stuck in an elevator."

But his arms would not release me. Instead they held me closer so that I could feel his body pressed to mine, the muscles in his arms safely wrapped around me. All I could think about was how good it felt to be held. Protected by him. 

I stopped thinking about moving away, in fact, I pressed closer to him, my breasts rubbing against him making my nipples hard. They were poking through my flimsy pink lacy bra and sheer camisole top. One of his hands slowly glided up my waist, around my stomach, and up to my breasts. His fingers finding my nipples, pushing through my top. He took each nipple between a thumb and forefinger and rubbed it until they were hard points. 

He brought his mouth slowly to mine, our lips colliding from the smoldering lust. My tongue found its way into his mouth teasing around his tongue until I sucked it into my hot demanding mouth and began to pull on it. Gently. Pulling. Sucking. Just like I would do if it were his cock. I felt his rock hard bulge in his slacks straining up against me begging to be released.

His hands were on my skirt, pulling it up to my waist. Fingers grabbing hold of my ass. "Mmmmmmm." I moaned when his hands squeezed my cheeks forcing me tighter. He pulled me so close I thought his cock would explode it was so rock hard.

"Your perfume is intoxicating." he said in a husky voice as I felt his hot breath on my neck, in my ear, against my cheek. He put his hands firmly on my shoulders and turned me around so that my back was up against the elevator wall, he was bending down, kneeling between my high heeled legs spreading them further apart. His hands glided up my ankles, up my calves, at the knee, his mouth. His tongue licking, oooooo I groaned, up my thighs, his hands, his mouth, his tongue performing magic at my core.

"I heard him say "Oh baby. Thigh high stockings" and I knew he would see my black lacy thong. His fingers rubbed between my legs. I responded by opening wider and could feel my pussy getting wetter and wetter for him. My hands were on his head, fingers tangled in his hair. His hand roughly pulled at the sheer lace holding my thong together and there was a ripping sound as it fell to the floor.

His mouth hungrily latched onto my clit. His fingers opened me up even further as he continued to suck my little nubbin making it even more sensitive swelling with desire. Inside my head I was screaming for more!

"ooooooOOOOO! I could not hold in my moan. His mouth buried deep, so deep between my legs, his tongue probing my pussy. So wet that my juice was dripping down the inside of my thighs.

I pushed his head closer. So close that I thought he might suffocate between my legs. His fingers opening my lips and his tongue going deeper into my wetness, exciting me more, my pussy responded to his tongue fucking, licking, lapping up my sweet nectar. There was no stopping him and I was lost in the pleasure.

I leaned against the wall letting him push his tongue deeper and deeper, his mouth hard against my pussy lips.

Every single nerve ending in my body was hot with desire. He must have felt it, too, because at that moment he pulled me closer with one of his hands that had been caressing my ass and with the other hand he teased my tight, pink hole, which just made me hotter. 

My body was in overdrive and I could feel the most intense orgasm rising beginning from my toes flowing upwards! "OH MY GOD!" I was screaming. I didn't care if anyone heard me. "YessssssssSSSSSSSSS.....I'M CCCCCUUUUUUMMMMMINNGG! ooooooOOOOO." I couldn't breathe.....I couldn't catch my breath.......every cell in my hot body was cumming. 

My hips pushed my soaking pussy into his face rocking back and forth. His mouth caught all my wetness. His tongue around my clit, encircling it, over and over, sucking on it. I wanted his tongue deeper as I continued to cum and cum for him. My legs were weak, my heart was pounding so hard I thought it would explode.

I had to finally push his head away. I had to breathe. He was standing up facing me. I could see my juices covering his face. His full lips shiny with my cream. He bent his head down towards me bringing his mouth to mine. I could taste myself on his lips. 

As if by some unspoken word he unbuckled his belt, unzipped his slacks, and as he took his oh-so-hard cock out I turned around and faced the elevator wall, arms holding onto the rail, high heeled legs spread apart, skirt pushed up at my waist, my naked ass, thigh high stockings. Inviting him.

His body moved close to mine, his thighs touching me, one of his hands on his cock as he guided it into my wet pussy, taking him in easily with one long hard push. His hands on my hips thrusting his stiff, strong shaft deeper and deeper inside my pussy. Over and over again.

His breathing became faster. I could scarcely catch my own breath. His balls slapped against my ass. Skin so hot from the friction of his fucking I thought I would be scorched. Our bodies grinding hard against each other, the sound of flesh against flesh sprinkled with beads of passion. We were both caught up in the animalistic lust of the moment concentrating on the pleasure we were both taking.

I knew I was going to cum again. I was moaning. Begging. Groaning "I'm cumming. Harder now. Harder. Oh yesssssss. Yesssssssss.". His cock was gaining strength. Harder. Stiffer. Filling my pussy with his thick rod. Oh God, he was moaning. Grunting with his efforts. His body stiffened and then dear Lord, I felt his hands move from my hips to around my waist pushing, ramming, driving his cock hard into my hot lusting pussy. As if on cue we both exploded. My spasms. His heat. My orgasm was released. His cum surged into my pussy. Our juices mingled fused together, free. Free from our burning heat!

As I lowered my head forward trying to rest a moment I felt his head on my neck. His chest against my back, collapsing from the intensity of our lust. He kissed my neck, my shoulders, my back, slowly separating and all I could say in a low hoarse voice was "wow! That was incredible", turning around.

"You are incredible," he said.

"hhmmm...thank you." as I began to straighten my skirt and jacket.

I thought it was really amazing that we just had wild unrestrained sex in an elevator car and were still pretty much dressed. Maybe wetter and flushed, but mostly dressed.

He bent down and picked up my black lacy thong. Ripped. It couldn't be worn anymore.

"I'll just have to replace these." he said with a wickedly mischievous smile on his lips.

"Yes, you will." I said laughing with a slight blush.

He took the passion-torn lacy thong and slipped it into the inside pocket of his jacket.

I moved closer to him to straighten his tie moving my lips close to his, pressing my mouth against his for a kiss. 

There was a big jolt! And the elevator began to move again. Reality. I had been so caught up with our heat I had not minded being stuck in the elevator. We picked up our books and papers and collected ourselves. I reapplied my lipstick.

"It was nice to meet you." I said.

He responded with "You are a very sexy woman."

And there we were. The Lobby. The elevator doors opened and we got out. The guard downstairs was saying something apologetic to me as I signed out. A switch had inadvertently been turned off. But, I wasn't listening. I was watching Him walk through the big glass door leaving the building.

And with a smile on my face I left the building too.