 Agatha continued to fantasise about her older colleague despite suspecting that she was really not his type and that good things never came from having an orgasm in front of your co-workers. This didn't stop her imagination of course, where Charles was often utterly dirty with her over meeting room tables or whispered pure filth in a busy lift low enough for only her to hear. These mental adventures made the working day go a little faster and only led to the occasional blush when Charles bid her a good morning in the lift.

Following a few months of invention and masturbation late at night on Agatha's part, a trip overseas afforded the pair some unexpected time alone together. Initially she hadn't been thrilled at the suggestion, preferring to travel alone, but as they discussed their plans she could grudgingly see the benefit in their shared schedule.

After the first week they had gotten on much better than either of them expected (he not being the naive traveller she had feared, she not forcing him to go shopping with her) and declared themselves friends as well as colleagues. Over the inevitable hotel dinners they had discussed virtually every aspect of their lives and the world around them and found themselves broadly in agreement (and, in Agatha's case, increasingly damp of panties) each evening.

During one meal involving too many beers, much to Agatha's surprise, Charles admitted that he had a thing for large breasts and had mentioned Agatha in discussions with friends about colleagues they would fuck although he expected he wasn't her type. The conversation continued around other co-workers each found attractive and shortly thereafter Agatha bade Charles good night. She finished her beer, pinched herself and retired alone after a cool shower.

The following days saw tension build between the two, but nether of them were prepared to risk their new-found friendship to address it. Agatha couldn't help but think it had just been a drunken conversation and as co-workers a relationship was contractually verboten. However the feelings weren't going away...

Over dinner in a fancy restaurant away from their hotel several days later, Agatha decided to take the bull (man) by the horns (cock). After several beers (they couldn't agree on wine - Agatha worried about blue teeth from red, Charles wasn't keen on white) and some excellent Italian food the pair agreed that the frisson needed to be put to bed (so to speak). Agatha was pleased to hear that Charles also believed that if the matter wasn't dealt with neither of them was going to be able to concentrate on their busy workload for the next week. Feeling, fumbling and fondling would be on the agenda but there would be no fucking. Just enough activity to clear the air - a masterful plan.

The walk back to Charles's hotel suite felt longer than it was. The beautiful night sky was punctuated with swooping fruit bats which warranted attention but all eyes were focused on the destination and not the journey.

After what felt like an interminable wait for a lift the 'Do Not Disturb' sign was hung, shoes removed and the hotel door safely double locked. Charles kissed Agatha hard; he was aggressive with his tongue - forcing it into her mouth passionately and she loved feeling his desire expressed so forcefully.

She lay back on the bed (taking a moment to appreciate the memory foam mattress) as Charles leaned down on top of her, continuing to french kiss her. She could feel his cock hardening through his shorts as he worked his hands onto the breasts he'd been wanting to touch for some time. He smelt faintly of soap; both of them smelt of bug spray.

Agatha moaned, pushing her hands up under his T-shirt and feeling his smooth warm chest. This was what she had fantasised about on so many nights and she couldn't believe it was really happening.

Charles rubbed his fingers between her legs through the thick denim of her jeans. It was untargeted thanks to the fabric, but she was so horny anything within a metre of her pussy felt good right now. He stood back, pulling her arms forward until she was sat upright on the edge of the bed. He lifted her cotton top over her head and dropped it on the floor. He then pushed her back on to the bed, rolled her over onto her front and undid her bra - apologising for his inability to do this one-handed. Agatha didn't think she wanted a man who could do it one-handed.

As her tits fell free, Agatha looked forward to seeing Charles's eyes during his first glimpse of the naked breasts he had worked alongside for several years. She couldn't wait to feel his mouth on them and his fingertips pinch her swollen nipples hard.

She rolled back and looked up at the man that was a colleague and now a friend with benefits. His eyes seemed to be drinking in her naked upper body and she couldn't wait much longer to touch him again. He pulled his T-shirt off and lay down next to her, the two of them topless as agreed earlier on.

He leaned over and kissed her again, groping her tits with firm hands. She arched her back pushing them into him harder and used her right hand to pinch her nipple hard, pulling it upwards. Charles noticed and followed suit on her left breast leaving her gasping with pain and pleasure. Charles didn't seem to make much noise, but Agatha hoped he was enjoying himself regardless.

Charles moved his kisses down her neck and onto her décolletage. She felt the chill of the room's air conditioning combine with her pleasure to leave her nipples as if iced in anticipation of this older man's mouth on them. She loved playing with her titties when she masturbated but loved other people playing with them even more.

Soon enough Charles' mouth arrived at its intended target and settled around her right areola. He pursed his lips bringing the firm protrusion of Agatha's nipple into his warm mouth and sucked it hard, tonguing its tip. Her pussy dampened even more as she squirmed in delight.

Charles lifted himself from her nipple leaving it reddened and glistening and began to mash her breasts with his hands as he moved to kiss Agatha on the mouth again. They both breathed heavily between kisses, the tension building and subsiding in waves.

He wanted to see Agatha fully naked and asked if he could take her cropped jeans off. His cock was virtually free of his shorts now, there was no way it could be missed twitching in its rock hard state within the loose fabric.

Agatha moved away from kissing his neck to murmur assent.

He fumbled his own shorts and boxers off first, freeing his thick firm cock for Agatha's first view. It was straight and had a beautiful flushed tip peeking out from a generous foreskin.

Immediately Agatha wanted nothing more than to wank it with her hand and trace the head with the tip of her tongue until he came in her mouth, but Charles persisted with removing her remaining clothes.

He unzipped the fly and pulled her trousers down. His reward was a black thong that was, frankly, sodden.

No point in messing around with wet underwear he removed that too, leaving a neatly trimmed bush as the only cover for his now bollock-naked workmate.

As he leant down, he felt her soft hand gripping his cock. She moved the velvet of his foreskin back gently with a rub from the tunnel of her hand, and he had a realisation that he was halfway around the world naked and being jerked off by someone 14 years his junior. Not what he had planned for the trip, but it could have been a lot worse.

Agatha rolled Charles onto his back and worked her way down his chest between licks and kisses whilst keeping his stiff dick in her right hand, rubbing vertically and twisting gently.

Once she got towards his pubic mound, she removed her hand and licked his bell-end eagerly. She could taste a little pre-cum on his clean dick and couldn't wait to feel his shaft in her mouth.

Pulling her lips in to cover her teeth, she rubbed his cock with her tongue, moving to dart at his frenulum with the tip of her tongue occasionally. She worked her way down his thick shaft with her hands massaging his inner thighs and heavy balls. Whilst unable to fully deep throat him she made a valiant attempt, and after several journeys up and down, his cock was damp all over and throbbing.

Agatha looked up at Charles with his dick in her mouth and smiled. She hoped he'd remember this view.

Charles took the opportunity to advise that he loved eating pussy, or so he claimed to Agatha. 

'Fucking love it, actually'.

Agatha loved being fingered and eaten out, so was happy to oblige him. She lay back on the bed, opened her legs with her knees up and spread her cunt wide with the fingers of her left hand, keen for him to show what he could do with that beautiful mouth of his.

Charles ran his tongue over her clit whilst slipping a finger into her dripping snatch. Agatha ground her pussy into him rhythmically, her tits wobbling as she sighed his name out loud. 

'Fuck, Charles'.

He continued to apply pressure to her clit and she could hear squelching noises from his finger moving in and out of her hole. He removed his finger and suddenly pushed his whole tongue into her gash as far as it would go, filling her up. He rubbed her clit with his thumb and within a few seconds she had to move his head away to stop her from coming.

She lifted his head towards hers, licking her own cunt juices from his lips and chin.

As he leaned forward to kiss her, she felt his stiff cock dancing around the entrance to her pussy. With a twist of Charles' hips, she felt him enter her and despite all their earlier discussion right now she wanted nothing more than his dick stretching her hole and pounding her.

'Charles! No fucking, remember?'.

'Ungh'.

'Oh well'.

She pushed him onto the bed and climbed on top, riding him. She leaned forward so he could suck on her hanging tits which somehow put extra pressure on her clit or g-spot (she wasn't sure which, but it was good). She rode him in long strokes so that his cock was fully out of her each thrust, enjoying the feeling of him entering her each and every time.

Following the licking he'd given her and the hard bites he was giving her nipples she was close to orgasm and let him know just before her cunt exploded around him, clenching hard, her eyes closed in pleasure. 

It was bloody good and her heart was racing, but now Agatha wanted Charles to come.

Charles liked it doggy style. He flipped Agatha over and, all fours on the bed, she presented him with her hole tilted upwards. He thought about trying to sneak into her tight ass but decided that might be one for another day as he was perilously close to coming already.

Charles slammed his cock in with force and, with no guilt now that she had already come, fucked her hard - his balls slapping against her and his strong arms grabbing her hips to make sure he was as far inside her as possible. Despite having already come, Agatha loved the feeling of his dick from behind, she would swear she could feel every millimetre of him moving inside her.

With very little warning, Charles shot his load hard into his younger lover's cunt. Once he'd spurted all his spunk inside her, he pulled his dick out and Agatha tilted her pelvis down, remaining on all fours. As she felt Charles's hot cum leaking out of her pussy Agatha wondered what the hell had just happened and how soon it could happen again. Charles watched as his thick cream dripped out of her hole and on to the expensive hotel duvet, thinking how well the evening had turned out.

They were going to have to shower together now!