 I looked at the hastily written 'invite' in my hand – 'Party, Karen's, hot chicks! 555-2096' – and sighed loudly as I pulled up to the house. It wasn't that I didn't want to go to the party - I just didn't want to see Karen. There's no bad-blood or drama or anything like that; in fact, it was quite the opposite. I was rather smitten with her, and had always found myself taking peeks at her whenever I could (we worked in the same building, her office happened to be across from mine). Thing was, she never seemed to show anything further than a friendship – which, to be honest, I was cool with. However, after being single for a year and not really enjoying the dating scene all too well, I wanted to find someone. 

There was a tap on my passenger-side window which woke me up from my thoughts. Glen, the guy who gave me the invite, and a fellow co-worker, was grinning like an idiot and beckoning me to get out. "Yeah yeah!" I hollered at him. I got out of the car and nodded to Glen. "Sup, man?"

"Eh, you know," he said, with that grin still plastered on his face, as he gestured with a jerk of his head towards Karen's house. "S'posedly, there's like 10 or 15 chicks in there."

I rolled my eyes. That usually meant one thing – sausagefest. "Sure, Glen," I replied. While we made our way towards the house, I looked around the general neighborhood. For there being '10-15 chicks', there weren't 15 cars. Maybe 5 cars. "Dude, are you sure..?" I began, but before I could finish, he slapped me on the back.

"They're not here yet!" he said in his best reassuring tone, before knocking on the door. I shrugged, unsure if I wanted to believe him. I was going to reply, but at that moment the door opened.

"Hey, guys!" Karen greeted in her usual cheery tone. She was wearing a black blouse that clung to her pretty tightly, with the top two buttons undone to expose just enough cleavage, as well as a pair of dark blue jeans and black heels. Her blonde hair was combed back and tied in a simple ponytail. Her blue eyes went from Glen to me, and I simply returned the smile.

"Hey Karen," I said. "Thanks for the invite."

"So, where're the chicks?" Glen asked, which prompted me to groan and Karen to roll her eyes. Glen thought he was a playboy, but he often got played more than he'd like to admit. Oh well, wasn't my money.

"I said there would be guys and girls," she growled in a joking tone, before stepping away from the door to let us in. I slipped in after Glen and looked around. It had been the first time I had been to Karen's place, and was surprised at how small it looked on the inside, as opposed to how... well, how normal it looked outside. Maybe it was just over-decorated or something – it just feel quite cramped. She seemed to catch this as she placed her hand on my lower back and asked, "You ok there, champ?"

I snickered, turning to face her to explain. "You just got quite a packed place," I began. There was the normal furniture – two couches, an entertainment center, coffee table – but the living room was just slightly too small for it. "It's nice, though." I quickly added.

She shrugged. "Parents bought it, figured it'd be impolite to say no to free furniture." I couldn't disagree with that statement. "Anyways, go and relax!" she added, shoo'ing me away jokingly. I walked off, looking around for where the drinks were. As if reading my mind, she called out, "Fridge, John!" 

A few minutes later, I was sitting on the couch, taking drinks of the beer I had gotten. No one else had really showed up, and so far, there were – minus Karen and Glen – five other people, who I didn't know readily. I recognized one guy from the office, but only knew of him because I'd seen his face. I never bothered to even attempt to learn his name. I pushed the thought away with another drink of my beer, which I almost spat out when I got slapped across the back.

"Hey John, great news!" he said, obviously excited and somewhat inebriated. "Friend just hit me up, found a better party with more chicks. Let's go."

I shook my head. "Nah, I ain't goin'. I'm kinda comfy here." I took another drink. I was a lightweight, so I was already getting a good buzz. 

"Dude, all of these people're couples. There's three couples here. We can't score with taken chicks."

"Man, I ain't lookin' to get taken, or whatever. I just wanna relax." I looked up at him, and smiled. "Just go and have fun, bro."

He patted me on the shoulder and said, in a reassuring voice, "I'll bag double tonight, in honor of you." With that, he gave a laugh and went over to Karen. I didn't make out what they said, but Glen waved one last to me and then he was out. I stood up and suddenly felt a bit dizzy. I was surprised at how quickly the alcohol was taking effect. Then again, I hadn't really eaten anything since lunch, and it was 9. Plus, I was a lightweight, so that didn't help. At that point, I decided to slow it down. 

I turned to go to the kitchen and found myself face to face, sort of, with Karen. She was a few inches shorter than me – I was 5'11, she 5'8. "Uh, hi," I managed to get out.

"You enjoying yourself?" she asked.

I nodded, managing a "Yeah, I am" reply. "Just gonna get some water."

She placed a hand on my chest and playfully pushed back – not enough to actually move me, but enough to show that she didn't want me going nowhere. "You sit down, and I will get you the water." Before I could reply, she was off, and so I sat down. She came back a bit later with the water, and I sat the bottle down on a nearby coaster. 

"Thanks," I said, taking the glass immediately to my mouth and chugging it down. 

"Not a problem. You don't look like you take your alcohol well," she added, and I could only chuckle.

"It's not that. Well, yeah, it is, but I didn't eat dinner yet."

"Ack! Why didn't ya say something?" she asked. I shrugged. "Well, we can grab a bite to eat after everyone leave, if you want?"

I must have looked like an idiot or something, because she started giggling. Did she really ask me out? "Yeah, that'd be great," I replied. 

She smiled and patted my knee, then stood up. Over the next hour, I exchanged pleasantries with the couples that had stayed. Even though they told me their names, I didn't really remember them. My mind kept going back to Karen, and this little 'wannabe-date' of ours. Of course, I called it a date. After awhile, the first couple left, which had me wondering what kind of actual party Glen had envisioned. It was still pretty early – not even 11pm – and people were calling it a night. Not ten minutes went by when the other two couples called it a night.

When Karen shut the door after the last couple left, she turned to me and smiled. "So, you got anything in mind?" she asked as she came towards me. I shook my head. I wasn't too familiar with the area. "Well, I think I know what I want," she added, grinning. Was she flirting? God, I was horrible at picking up signs.

"Oh? And what would that be?" I slowly said, mainly because I didn't want to choke it out trying to be smooth. I wasn't – or maybe was, I don't know – expecting what she did next.

She came right over to me and swung one leg over me, so that she could straddle me. She placed her hands on the side of my head and pulled me in. Our lips met, pressing firmly against one another. While we kissed, I wrapped my arms around her lower back and puller her closer, tighter against me. At this point, I could feel my cock pressing against my pants, and I knew she could feel it, too. Again, as if reading my mind, she moaned into my mouth and rubbed her crotch against mine.

She pulled away some, sliding her hands from my face to my shoulders. "God, I've been waiting for this for far too long," she whispered. 

"What?" I blurted out, completely amazed. "You serious?" I realized instantly that she took it the wrong way, because she started to lean back. "No," I began, "that came out wrong. Sorry." I cleared my throat and said, "I've been attracted to you, too, for some time-"

She pressed her index finger over my lips and shook my head. "I know, John," she whispered, her voice heavy with lust. "I've seen your looks. You have no idea how bad I've wanted to say something to you about it." I leaned forward slightly, enough to plant my lips on hers again. My hands roved her body, sliding up and down her back, her sides, and against her breasts. Even though I could only feel her bra, I could tell they were soft. 

Once again, she pulled away, but this time, with a devilish grin on her face. "Come on, not on this couch," she said, and I stood up. She extended her hand to me, which I took and let her lead me down a hallway. When she opened her door, I was amazed, as it was nothing like the living room, in terms of being cramped. Against the back wall, there was her bed, and opposite that was a dresser with a TV on top. To the right of the dresser was a set of folding doors, what I took to be the closet. I didn't survey much more after that, as Karen drug me towards the bed. I slipped off my shoes and socks, took off my dress shirt, and tossed them aside. Karen, in the meantime, had stepped out of her heels and now sat on the bed. She reached out and hooked her thumbs around the hem of my pants and pulled me towards her. I stood in front of her, between her legs, with her face level to my dick, which now openly strained against the pants.

"Mmmmm," she moaned, biting her bottom lip while looking up at me. "I bet it's getting so uncomfortable in these slacks, huh?" Her hands began to undo my belt, sliding it out of the loops and tossing it aside. "I bet it's almost begging for freedom, right?" she innocently asked, undoing the button and zipper, before slowly pulling them down. I wore boxers, but they had done no good; my cock had slipped through the hole and now sprang right out, nearly hitting her in the jaw. I wasn't the most hung dude, but my size was still decent, I thought. All 7 ½ inches stood fully erect, pointing straight at her. She grinned, shifting her gaze from my eyes to my member. "Well, look what we got here," she said, moving her right hand to wrap her fingers around the base. 

It had been the first time in awhile anyone besides me had touched my cock. My cock twitched in her grasp, which caused me to groan. She looked up and I could only smirk. "Don't worry, I'm not gonna cum," I reassured, suppressing a chuckle. 

"Good," she said, before leaning forward and giving a light kiss to the tip. I wanted to push my hips forward and just slide my length into her mouth, but I didn't want to ruin the mood entirely. She grabbed my boxers and slipped them down off me, which I quickly stepped out of, along with my slacks, and kicked aside. I reassumed my position standing in front of her, as she had never let go of my cock. She leaned in again, but this time slipped the head of my cock into her mouth. She left it there, but I felt her tongue sliding against the underside. I grabbed her shoulders and squeezed lightly, as waves of pleasure seemed to roll right through my cock. She slipped her mouth off of me, slowly lifting her gaze to me and softly whispering, "Well, I know what I want tonight."

I slipped my hands under her arms and lifted her to her feet, then began to undo her pants. She took this opportunity to kiss my neck while her right hand slowly and softly stroked my length. Thankfully, her jeans were easy to undo, but they were a pain to pull down, as they clung to her tightly. She stepped away momentarily, tugged her jeans down and tossed them aside. I placed my hands on her shoulders and gently pushed her back down onto the edge of the bed, into a sitting position. I knelt down in front of her and ran my hands along her soft thighs, my fingertips coming close to her pussy, which had made a nice, darker spot on her panties. 

"You know," I murmured, looking up to her as I leaned closer to her sex, "I think I know what I want to eat tonight." Her mischievous grin brought me to grin, as well, as I moved my hand to her panties and tugged them to the side. Her pussy now exposed to me, the scent caught my nose and I inhaled deeply. God, it smelled so fucking delicious. Maybe it was from the last time I'd had sex, maybe not – all I knew was that I wanted my tongue deep in there. 

Her legs spread slightly – remember what I said about her being a mind reader? – and I didn't waste the opportunity. I hooked my index finger around the thin cloth, and tugged the panties. She lifted slightly to allow them to slide down further, and I leaned back to let her completely be free of them. I tossed them aside, moving back between her legs and pressing my lips against her inner thighs. Her hand moved to the back of my head and pushed my head into her, and I happily obliged. My tongue first made contact, sliding slowly along her slit, before pressing against what I believed was her clit. As it turned out, I was dead-on, because her thighs involuntarily clenched against my head. I pressed my tongue flat against the hardened nub, going left and right, while I pushed my thumb into her.

Her hand lying on my head, guiding me into her sex turned into a handful of hair gripped tightly, her moaning between clenched teeth, and her pussy leaking juices. I lowered my head slightly, enough to replace my thumb with my tongue, and began to fuck her pussy. The second her juices were on my tongue, I became eager for more. Soon, my tongue was darting in and out of her, covering my lips and coating my mouth with the sweet sex. Her left hand held my shoulder, and soon her fingernails dug into my skin. I felt her shudder, then sigh as a flood of juices seemed to pour into my mouth. I had never eaten a girl long enough to give her an orgasm, so I was surprised at the amount of sex coming from her. I leaned away, the lower-half of my face glistening with her cum, and I looked up at her. I had no idea what to say at that point. With a sly grin, she crooked her finger into a 'Come here' motion, and I stood up. 

She lied back onto the bed and outstretched her arms to me. I climbed on top of her, positioning myself so that my cock could, hopefully, enter her. She lifted the bottom half of my undershirt up and wiped my face, then leaned up and kissed my lips softly. It was a quick kiss, followed with, "Take this thing off." I raised my right arm and tugged the thing off as best as I could, before letting it pool on my left hand. Meanwhile, her hands had found my cock and began to coat my length with her juices. She tugged down lightly, enough for me to get to lower, and she rubbed the head against the slit to help lubricate. When she was satisfied, or had enough torturing me, she lifted her right leg and wrapped it around my lower back, before guiding me into her. As my head pushed into her, I let out a groan as the pleasure simply caught me off-guard.

My hand was great, but it never matched a pussy. As soon as my head was in, my balls tingled. Still, I knew I wasn't going to cum – I had jerked off about an hour before I had headed over, just in case I hooked up with one of these 'hot chicks' – but it caused her to look at me again in curiosity. "Don't worry," I chuckled, before slipping a bit further into her. I wanted to take it slow at first, savor those moments of first sliding into her. It never really hit me until now that this was Karen from work. When I felt my waist press against her, and I could go in no further, I began to slide out and back in. This brought an immediate response to Karen, who began to moan lightly as my pace slowly crept up. After a few strokes, I began to drive faster into her, my finger curling and gripping the bed linens tightly while her hands gripped my sides. I never minded pleasure-pain, to some extent, and figured that maybe I would see how far she'd take it. I pushed into her, as deep as I could, then whispered, "Go ahead and dig in, babe."

Maybe I had said the right words, or maybe I was pushing against the right spot, I don't know. All I know is that I felt her nails dig into me, and that sent electric sensations along my spine. I grunted and began reaming into her once more, sliding in and out of her vigorously. She leaned up and pressed her lips against mine, kissing me hard while I continued to shove my manhood in and out of her. I felt her lift her other leg and hook it around my lower back, which caused me to slide in her at a different angle. This immediately registered with my cock – I began to feel my balls tingle and felt my head swim. I thrust in deep a few more times, pushing into her as far as I possibly could. After one last push, I quickly slipped out and grabbed my cock. Slick with her sex, I jerked off and in no time sent cum gushing from my cock and onto her stomach and chest. I was amazed to see how much I ejaculated – there had to be roughly 6 or 7 thick ropes of cum across her.

I just sat there, my cock in my hand, just panting heavily and trying to regain my strength. All of my energy had been completely drained from me and I was pretty sure I looked like a pig just sitting there, staring and hovering over her. She giggled, looking from me to the cum, and said, "Admiring your masterpiece?" I just shook my head and rolled over, collapsing on my back on her bed. She got up and I saw her leave the room. A few seconds later, a faucet came on and I figured she was cleaning up.

A few minutes later, I had managed to pull myself up – I'm really lazy after sex – as she walked into the room wrapped in only a towel. She tossed me a small rag, which was damp. "Thanks," I said as I cleaned up. I got up and went to the bathroom, as well, to make sure I properly cleaned up. When I was done, I went back into her room and sat down on the edge of the bed. By this time, she had slipped into a negligee and had been putting on panties. 

She came over and kissed me again, this time much softer and passionate. "Come on, let's sleep," she offered, and I wasn't planning on refusing. We crawled under sheets and snuggled against one another, falling asleep. When I woke up, she wasn't in the bed, but she had left a note saying that she had to take care of some errands. Below that was a P.S. that read:

"See you later. And I don't mean work."

I got dressed and left, making sure to lock up behind me. I texted her first, saying "You know it." After starting the car, I thought for a moment, then texted Glen a quick "Thanks". He replied "Wtf for? I told u I took 2 chix home. U missed out."

Yeah, sure I did.