 The warm, gentle wind swept playfully through the vibrancy of another summers night at Williams University. The dorm houses buzzed with excitement and anticipation for a night of celebration, and as tonight officially marked the end of another semester, it was definitely a reason for celebration. The campus was filled with beaming smiles and relaxed faces, a skip was found in the step of the most droll of people, it was difficult not to enjoy the relaxation for the weeks ahead, and as the hours rolled into the night and the last of the evening lectures ended, the dorms of the surrounding area slowly began to spring into life.

Despite a good majority of the inhabitants having already traveled away for the summer break, the Field House cried out in drunken elation. The building sat matured and proud in the midst of it's modern counterparts. A passerby would have thought the entire house was in celebration from the noise emitted alone, but the lights from the top floor showed just how empty the building was. The common room of the top floor blared loudly with music, though despite this, conversation was flowing among the 20 or so house members and guests who had stayed back during the summer. It was quite early in the night, or at least for the students it was, and with the ample amount of alcohol remaining it could have seemed the party wouldn't end at all.

Though among the inhabitants, there was one person who was hoping it would, or was at least looking for an excuse to pardon herself from it for a short while. Jessica Adams wasn't agitated by the party, she was one of the few who kicked it off, but the blaring music and drunken yells around her wasn't enough to distract her from a certain 'tension' she had the burn away. She wasn't sure whether it was the elation of the semester ending, or the effects of the wine she was drinking, but her body was flaring with lust at that point.

Any straight man who looked at Jessica would be more than happy to help her relieve this 'tension'. The stunning blonde attracted the attention of many men on a quiet day. Her slender, 5'6" frame meant she wasn't the tallest of girls, but this only emphasised her silky, slightly tanned skin and firm body. Her ass held high and tight against her skinny jeans and her breasts pushed teasingly against the shirt she wore, showing enough cleavage to cause the accident subconscious gaze from any male passerby. Unfortunately for every other straight man, Jessica only sought to be relieved by one other, her boyfriend, Harry.

Harry on the other hand was on the other side of the room of the party, impressing a couple of friends by downing his third consecutive beer bong without rest. A great mid-semester exam result spurred the party animal inside the 22-year-old boyfriend, and he was very quickly moving onto his 5th drink of the hour. Much to Jessica's standards, Harry was a handsome guy, and while he wasn't the tallest or strongest of guys, his defined face made him incredibly distinguished, though the way he looked was never particularly important to Jessica, she had found herself inseparable to Harry since they started dating almost 2 years ago.

Jessica watched as one of Harry's friend pushed the beer-bong back into Harry's hand and pulled out another beer, cracking it open and readying to drain the contents into the funnel. Relishing the hope that the pair could sneak away from the party for a little alone time, she moved from her secluded corner and darted toward her boyfriend, interrupting before the alcohol could be drunk.

"Hey baby." Jessica greeted, smiling at her boyfriend.

"Hey gorgeous." Harry slurred slightly, holding the beer bong up as he spoke. "Enjoying yourself?"

Jessica was originally hoping to make a far more flirtatious response to her boyfriend, but by this point, his friends were jeering him to finish another beer bong. Distracted, she responded far more casually than originally intended.

"Yeah, the party's going great." She answered, now toying with her shoulder length hair.

"Heya Jess." One of Harry's friends shouted in inebriation. 

Jessica smiled and waved in acknowledgement, she was somewhat used to having guys try to grab her attention, and if anyone had mastered the ability to casually ignore a remark, it was her. She wasn't particularly fond of many of Harry's friends, it wasn't that she hated them, but she hated the way Harry turned when he was around them. They constantly jeered him into every extra drink and stupid prank they decided to pull, which hindered any intimacy she could have hoped when they were all together. Out of the small group of Harry's friends at the party, the only one she really got along with was his roommate, Tom.

It was odd that Harry and Tom got along so well, on paper they were worlds apart. When Harry first decided to make the move onto campus a few months back Jessica laughed at the pair being coupled in a room. Tom was a bit of a jock who sported short dark hair and a tall muscular physique, which came from natural to him from his work in the universities rugby team. Despite this, the study nerd and rugby player got on like a house on fire from day one, and while the friendship mainly consisted of guy-banter and competition, they were quite close.

"Sorry Jess, but Harry has a commitment." Tom interrupted the conversation and gave Harry a playful punch on the arm to continue. No doubt this was another game between the two.

Harry didn't need anymore convincing, he gave a fun smile to his 22-year-old girlfriend before sinking a little on his knees and lifting the long cord of the beer bong above his head, the funnel end meeting his lips. There was a jeer from his friends as Tom poured another beer into the funnel, the amber liquid gushing down to Harry. A very short moment later, Harry stood up, raising his arms and gloating to Tom.

"Tom, do you mind if I steal MY boyfriend?" Jessica joked as she grabbed Harry's arm, pulling him toward her.

"The sooner you admit he's mine the better it is for us all." Tom laughed as he watched the pair walk from the room, his friends laughed.

Harry stumbled a little as Jessica dragged him from the noisy common room to the Houses' stairway. At first he thought that he had done something wrong, though surely it couldn't be for all his drinking when she had organised the party in the first place. After locking themselves in the stairway, Jessica turned to her boyfriend and pressed her lips to his. After the initial surprise Harry parted his lips, mashing them against his girlfriends as they kissed passionately. Jessica trying with every ounce in her body to show him just how horny she had been repressing for the last hour.

"Hey..." Harry smiled, greeting the different Jessica that just dragged him away from the party.

"I was thinking..." Jessica pressed her body up to Harry's, her firm tits pushing softly against her boyfriends chest as she did so. Her hand met Harry's crotch, squeezing against his now hardening cock as she parted her lips, moaning softly as their tongues danced together. She broke the kiss before finishing, trying to persuade her boyfriend with a sultry voice. "We should go to your room while we have the chance."

Jessica had every reason to pounce on the opportunity. Ever since Harry's recent move to the dorm it had become far trickier to get time to themselves. Jessica didn't live on campus, and the move meant the couple were further away than they had previously been, not to mention the hassle they faced trying to get time alone now that Harry was sharing a room. If Jessica couldn't sneak off with her boyfriend now, while Tom was at the party, she wouldn't get a chance tonight at all. It had been a few days since she had been fucked by Harry due to finals, and it was starting to show, she felt a flutter in her stomach in anticipation at the mere thought of being taken on his bed. But that flutter was quickly extinguished by a response Jessica wasn't expecting.

"In a bit?" Harry asked. "I'm just enjoying the party."

"Please, babe." Jessica actually started to plead her boyfriend at this point. The shock of the original rejection stunned any angry response from the 22-year-old blonde. "Tom will go downstairs soon, I've been wanting this for days."

"A few more drinks?" Harry asked, eyeing over to the party. "I promise, I'll fuck you nice and proper, but I'm just having a good time now."

A surge of pleasure went to Jessica's cunt at the promise of being fucked, she squeezed gently against the now hard bulge through Harry's jeans. She looked up to him, her dirty-blonde hair covering her face slightly as she bit her lip, trying desperately to convince him to take her now.

Despite the attempt, Harry leant in and kissed his girlfriend one last time, before parting from her body and pulling her back toward the noisy party.

Jessica couldn't help but feel frustrated at her boyfriend, but the promise of a good fucking from him later salvaged her mood, but this was if Tom hadn't already gone to bed by then.

As the pair entered the common room they were hit by the wave of loud music and cheers from Harry's friends of his return. Harry smiled and walked back over to meet them, happily taking another beer and a slap on the back from Tom as he came back. The banter between the boys flared back up as if it were never disrupted.

***

Seeking reclusion, Jessica found herself locked in thought in the corner of the common room, her back to the room as she surveyed the party. Her mind went from anxiously watching and waiting for the end of Harry's banter to the illicit thoughts of what was sure to come the moment he was done. Jessica was definitely a girl of needs, and while it had only been a few days since the last chance she had to fuck Harry, her desire was greatly growing. She contemplated whether she would ride him or be taken from behind? Then again, maybe Harry should do some of the work after making her wait. It had been almost 20 minutes of detailed planning by the loving girlfriend before her train of thought was broken.

"Hey you." Tom greeted as he waved his hand playfully in front of Jessica's eyes to divert her attention. He lifted his foot up and pressed it flat against the wall behind him, leaning against it next to Jessica. "You're awfully quiet tonight."

"Your drunk squad has taken my boyfriend." Jessica scowled back, though she instantly regretted the harshness of her words, she knew Tom quite well, and this was hardly his fault. Jessica gave a quick sigh before apologising, sounding far more welcoming the second time around. "Sorry, I just wish he was celebrating a little more with me."

"Another great semester for him." Tom said appreciatively. "He deserves to get blinded."

Jessica gave a smile, though didn't turn her eyes from her boyfriend. Tom was right, he had worked insanely hard to get to where he was, and this was his chance to suck in the gratification of his efforts.

The pair leant against the wall for a short while making idle chatter between them. Jessica never felt awkward hanging around with Tom, he was just the sort of guy she could happily talk to without the need to force conversation. For short whiles the conversation died and the pair used the time to appreciate some friendly company, only to flare up now and again with heated bursts of perverted conversation, only too typical for Tom.

"Treat him well tonight." Tom nudged Jessica playfully with his muscular arm. "My boy deserves it."

"You could just blow him yourself." Jessica joked. "We all know you're so proud of him."

"I think we both know you'd do a far better job." Tom laughed before propping himself off the wall and standing before Jessica. "Good job with tonight, Jess, but I'm off to bed."

"What!?" Jessica asked, shocked and irritated by Tom's decision to go to bed so early, it was barely midnight, Tom usually was showing up to parties about now. "No, come have a few drinks."

"Nah." Tom shrugged. "I'm pretty tired and I've got a couple of things to get sorted tomorrow anyway."

Jessica wasn't sure if she was more disappointed or furious at Tom's decision. She knew full well if he had gone to bed then she wouldn't be able to take Harry down there herself. The entire nights anticipation and burning lust for her boyfriend would be pointless if she didn't have a chance to relieve herself of it with him.

"Come on, just a little longer." Jessica pleaded, trying not to sound too desperate.

"You have enough people here to keep the party going." Tom smiled, raising his brow at Jessica in speculation of her motives. He was right, a few members of nearby dorms had joined in the celebration and the top floor was now heaving with party-goers.

"You're no fun." Jessica sighed in defeat, though trying to sound casual about his parting.

"Then you won't mind if I go!" Tom laughed before turning around, he gave a short wave to Jessica as he made his way across the room. 

Jessica watched him move across the room, giving his goodbyes to friends. His arrival in other areas caused a couple of cheers followed by some loud disappointed groans at the news. She watched him give Harry a slap around the back before making his way to the stairway door. Jessica was certain her night couldn't get any worse from her on out. Irritated by the prospect of another night of sexual repression, she decided to grab herself a drink.

***

Another half hour had passed, a very productive half hour for Jessica in terms of alcohol consumption. As majority of her friends tended bars to earn a little extra cash during their studies, she was easily subjected to exotic cocktails and fusions that distracted her from her irritation. Moving onto what was her fifth cocktail in short succession, Jessica was shortly distracted by the reappearance of her boyfriend, who had made his way over toward the couch she was sitting on to greet her.

"Hey you." Harry slurred slightly as he slumped down next to her.

"Hey." Jessica slurred in response, now realising just how much effect the alcohol had had on her. She wasn't drunk, but she was considerably more 'merry' than before.

"What are you drinking?" Harry nodded to a fluorescent pink drink that shone from the glass Jessica was holding.

"A creamy berry." Jessica said after a moments thought. "It's actually quite nice. Here, try it."

Harry took a healthy swig from the cocktail glass, regret quickly swamped his face.

"I'll stick to beer." Harry groaned, causing his 22-year-old girlfriend to give a laugh.

The pair were obviously in a far better mood, and the hassles and worries of the argument before had completely slipped their minds. Before long the couple had stacked up a healthy pile of discarded glasses and beer bottles in front of them. Their conversation flowed, charged with relaxation, only broken by the odd bathroom break.

Jessica could barely remember the hassle that had happened only an hour ago, not due to the effects of the alcohol, but due to the charming distraction of her boyfriend. The couple moved closer, pressing softly up against each other on the sofa, the growing party around them a mere diversion to one and other. It wasn't long until Harry had resurfaced Jessica's illicit plans from before by placing his hand more firmly on the inside of Jessica's thigh.

Paying no attention to the many people around them, Jessica simply parted her legs a little, welcoming Harry's hand as it slowly dragged up toward her pussy. The openness of the display spurred Jessica on, she had always had a thing for fooling around in public, and Harry knew this. She knew full well that he was using this against her, but at that point she didn't care if the whole room was watching.

Jessica closed her eyes as Harry's middle finger pushed against her pussy, rubbing gently at it through her jeans. As her loving 23-year-old boyfriend's finger rubbed against her clit, she realised just how wet she was by that point. Uncontrollably, she let out a soft moan, causing her to open her eyes in panic that anybody had heard, though her mind was read by her loving boyfriend, who removed his hand and leant in closely to her instead.

"Let's go downstairs." Harry whispered as he took Jessica's hand, standing up and leading her out of the room.

Jessica obediently followed, the effects of the alcohol clashing with the heavy and uncontrollable horniness caused by her boyfriend, causing her head to spin as she stood up quickly, but this didn't distract her from leaving the party as quickly as she could.

The pair gave a rushed set of goodbyes to remaining friends before rushing out of the common room and down the Field House's stairways towards Harry's dorm on the bottom floor. They rushed as fast as the two lust filled lovers could after heavy subjection to alcohol, and the fact that the entire bottom corridor was dark and empty didn't help this. Before long Harry had Jessica pinned to the outside of his dorm room, lifting one of her legs slightly as he grinded into her, their lips meeting in heated passion as they finally found themselves alone.

"Fuck me." Jessica said playfully, giving a cheeky smile to her boyfriend as he opened the door and led her into his room.

The room was pitch black and empty, though this was quickly disrupted by the loud entrance of the heated lovers. A quick succession of loud kisses and ripping of clothes followed as the pair made their way toward Harry's bed on the far side of the dorms room. The room lit up as Harry flicked on the light of a lamp, though after a moment or two, gave the room a dim-lit feeling.

Jessica looked around the empty room as her boyfriend proceeded to take off his jeans, he was already shirtless by this point. Books and papers were piled against a couple of desks near a spare TV. Besides this, the only other addition to the room was Tom's bed, sitting empty on the other side of the room. Though before she could inspect the room any further, a pair of hands met her hips.

Jessica looked up as her boyfriend lifted her onto the bed. She was reduced to her bra and panties now, an impressive sight to behold. Her silky, slender body heaving in anticipation, pushing her breasts firmly against the confinements of her bra. She looked up to Harry and bit her lip, cooing him onto the bed. The gorgeous dirty-blonde laid so willing on her back as she dipped her thumbs into her panties and began to slowly drag them down her thighs, inch by inch exposing her soaked pussy. She looked up to Harry, smiling playfully at the apparent bulge coming from his boxers.

Harry didn't need anymore convincing. The 23-year-old boyfriend started to pull down his boxers and stepped out of them, showing his bare cock to his girlfriend. He saw Jessica give a smile as his firm cock came into view, 6 inches and hard, so, so ready to fuck her. Harry quickly fumbled in a nearby table draw and pulled out a condom wrapper, quickly ripping into the packet and putting it onto his hard shaft.

"Come on, fuck me." Jessica begged as Harry crawled onto the bed. She parted her legs slightly to accommodate Harry's frame, before bucking her hips and arching her back, her body so willing and so ready to be fucked.

Harry leant in to his stunning 22-year-old girlfriend and pressed his lips to hers. Their tongues mashing together as their bodies met. Harry felt Jess' bra push against his chest as he began to lay on top of her, her tits were almost begging to be freed. Harry looked up to meet his loving girlfriends eyes and with a cheeky smile, he started to slide inch by inch of his hard cock into Jessica.

Jessica instantly let out a moan as all 6 inches of Harry's cock slowly started to sink into her hot and willing pussy. She felt like she hadn't been fucked in years, and as the bed beneath them slowly began to rock back and forth with every thrust, her hunger to be fucked grew greater and greater. Jessica lifted her silky, slender legs, wrapping them around her boyfriend as he began to drive his dick inside her, pulling him closer with every thrust he made.
