 Kenny and Trish had been seeing each other on and off, for only about three months when Kenny received an invitation to his high school reunion. Trish had graduated two years later from the same High School, so he asked her to be his guest for the evening. She agreed, and he was thrilled to take her out for another date. The party was being held at a small local town hall. Since the previous class reunion had only brought about 5% of the class back to town, the remainder of the alumni couldn't be convinced to spend more money than necessary on a big hotel conference room. 

Almost everyone had moved away when the big vinyl flooring plant shut down, so no one was interested in returning to see their sad little town die. 

It seemed that they would just have to hold on to their memories of better times, and move on with their lives.

Kenny however, wanted to impress his hot little date, so he called the biggest hotel he could find in the area. The two were mostly "just friends," but he hoped after their last drunken make out session at his gas station, which went nowhere, he might try a little harder to get the lovely Trish Burrows into bed. He really liked her. Always had. She was funny, had a great laugh, and was a total knockout to look at. 

She was also gradually warming up to him after all the coffees and dinner dates they'd shared. She wasn't at all fond of him back in school because he was just way too cool for her, she thought. He reminded her of James Dean. Black leather jacket, slicked back hair, the whole bit.

He was cute though, she thought, and the other girls liked the bad boy aspect of him. But he seemed a little too dangerous for her. And he smoked! "Eeeewwww!" she thought.

At least he'd finally given up that vile habit sometime after high school.

And lately he'd cleaned up his looks, had a real job, and even smelled nice! 

Three things that got her attention.

As expected, the class reunion turned out to be a miserable failure, with the few returning classmates admitting that it was indeed, finally over. 

"Guess we'll all just have to go our separate ways." they said. Everyone cordially said their goodbyes to each other, hugged, kissed, exchanged email addresses and left the Town Hall while it was still pretty early. 

Getting into the car that night, Kenny and Trish looked over at each other, and knew that they most likely would never hear from, nor see, any of their old friends again. It was a sad ending to what should have been a fun event. 

Kenny's dad had let him borrow the black Camaro Z28 for the night, after agreeing that it was a better date night vehicle than the old F150 that spent most of its time parked outside Morrow's Chevron station. Dad had turned over the ownership of the station to Kenny, and was thinking about leaving town himself. "Retiring," he called it. Kenny called it running away, but hoped he could make a go of it and maybe turn it around. He worked hard, and tried his best to stay optimistic.

Back at the hall, he walked Trish around to the side of the Camaro, and held the door open while she slid across the leather seat.

He couldn't help but get an eye full of her soft white skin as her dress was dragged up and over her thighs.

He was trying hard to impress the lovely Trish with a nice car and new clothes, since she had only really known him as the truck driving gas station boy. "Maybe tonight." He hoped, she'd see that he could be a real boyfriend whom she could be proud of. Maybe tonight she'd see him as more than "just a friend." 

He knew that he had to be on his best behavior.

They held hands across the console of the Camaro on the drive out of town and chatted about their former classmates. After parking the car where Kenny was sure that no one would ding the doors, they walked into the big bright hotel.

Unlike the small town hall, The Marriott Courtyard just outside of town was packed this night, and once inside, they decided to grab a couple drinks at the hotel bar before going up to their separate rooms. 

(Kenny had actually booked two rooms, just in case she didn't want to. . .you know.)

Another thing about Trish: She was shy. Really shy. It took her years in high school to even let a boy hold her hand because, growing up in a small midwestern town, she knew all too well, that everyone in town knew everyone else's business. She was terrified that they'd all be talking about her behind her back. Reputation was everything. Only recently had she started dating. And she loved making out with Kenny in the back room after the station had closed. It seemed so naughty.

She was so shy, that she would put on a long robe after her shower, before walking out into her own apartment even though she lived alone. She just felt weird being completely naked. She truly believed, as her mother had always said: 

"Someone might see you Patricia! Cover yourself up!" 

Her little two room apartment was on the ground floor after all, with one large window facing the street, so a little extra privacy was in order. Still, she longed to break out of her private little shell. 

Someday. 

Kenny and Trish talked for a long time at the bar and downed more than a couple margaritas. They used the time to get even more acquainted. Previous dates had always been filled with small talk, and tonight they each dug a little deeper into each others soul. They talked about the little personal things they didn't know about each other. And it drew them closer.

She learned that he wasn't so dangerous at all, that he just liked the image, and he had a really great sense of humor. He made her laugh. A lot. 

And he learned that she truly was the girl of his dreams. How she managed to get even more beautiful as the night wore on, was a mystery to him. She spoke openly and honestly about her shyness, how it embarrassed her, and wondered if she would ever get over it.

Finally, as the bar was closing, Kenny said: "Trish, I'm beat. I'm gonna turn in. 

How about you?"

With what he thought were adorably glazed-over eyes, she slurred: "Yeth! Bedtime!" 

Only half joking about being drunk.

The ultra modern elevator in the center of the lobby was a big chrome and glass cylinder that went up ten floors. The entire front of it, looking forward, was clear glass from floor to ceiling. It was quite a sight looking out over the lobby garden with its Koi ponds, huge fountains and tall palm trees, and lots of people, while on their way up to their ninth floor where Kenny had booked the rooms. "Come on Trish, follow me I'll show you to your room."

"Lead the way sir!" she stammered, red high heels in hand, and looking a little wobbly on her feet.

He pushed the button, the door slid open, and he held it for her. He checked her out again, as she stepped into the big space capsule of an elevator, then stepped in himself. He couldn't believe how incredibly hot she looked in her thin black dress and high heels tonight. She'd never dressed like that for their casual dinners around town of course. 

Even clutching both shoes in her hand she still looked so very beautiful. 

"My god," he thought, taking a deep breath. Look at her!"

The door slid closed almost silently. He pressed the button for the ninth floor, and turned around to see Trish holding on to the hand rail for dear life, staring out of the glass, mesmerized.

"They look like ants Kenny!" she said, giggling at her own silly joke like a school girl.

The elevator had quietly lifted off the ground and the tops of the palm trees quickly passed below them. Suddenly there was a strong vibration. Then. . .Boom! 

The car had stopped completely with a terrible shake. They both gasped loudly and reached out for something to hold on to. His hands slapped against the wall and she had a death grip on the handrail at the front. 

They were stuck somewhere between the sixth and seventh floor. And sobering up fast. 

"It's OK." he reassured her. They'll fix it in a minute. I'm sure. You'll be OK Trish, don't be scared."

She turned around with a look of pure terror on her face. 

"What happened Kenny? I don't like this!" 

"Well, sometimes I guess these things kinda get stuck. You'll be fine. Don't worry. They'll fix it. It'll just be a minute." 

"Promise?" 

"Yes. But step away from the glass for now, and lets both just stand back here near the door. OK?" 

She stepped back carefully, as if the next tiny step would send them both crashing to earth. She turned slowly, and held her arms out to him, as she gradually got closer. 

"Hold me Kenny. I'm really scared." Reaching his side, she held on to him tighter than she ever had before, and he pulled her head into the crook of his neck. Holding her close like this and smelling her perfume, even in this troubling situation, he couldn't stop the obvious tent that was rising in his slacks. 

"Is that better?" He whispered. 

"Yes, a little" she purred.

His hand went around to her back and he felt her smooth warm skin through the opening of the backless dress she had worn for the occasion. She whimpered a little, and he didn't know if she actually liked his hand there, or if she was just really scared.

She slipped her hand behind his neck, looked up glassy eyed, and kissed him softly. 

"Softest kiss ever." He thought.

"My hero" she whispered. So close now, he felt her warm breath on his lips. 

He pulled her slightly away from him to better see her face and kissed her more passionately. She instantly responded. Their tongues found each other and for a minute they both forgot where they were.

His hand slipped farther down to the top of her ass and stroked it lightly. She moaned again. Her hand slid down from his chest, to his bulging crotch.

"Holy fuck," he thought to himself, its on." 

"Not here Kenny," she purred into his ear. Everyone can see us." 

"Turn around, he whispered, look." There was no way that anyone in the lobby could look into the elevator at this height, especially since they were at the back of it leaning against the door. 

Fueled by too many margaritas, and a long pent up passion, her shyness suddenly left her, as she furiously tugged on his belt to unhook it, opened the button on his slacks, then lowered his fly. She reached in and pulled out his fully erect cock and wrapped her nervous fingers around it. She started stroking him slowly at first then gripping it tightly, increased the tempo.

They were both noticeably shaking from nervousness and excitement as never before. 

"I can't even believe this is happening." Thought a thoroughly shocked, but very happy Kenny.

"Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention please?" A loud crackling voice shouted over the tinny sounding elevator intercom, rudely interrupting the moment. 

"Fuck!" They said in unison.

"We are very sorry for the inconvenience, but its going to take another twenty to thirty minutes before the elevator resumes it's normal operation. Again, we are very sorry. Thank you for your patience." 

Without saying another word, inches from each others face, feeling each others hot breath, they just smiled and jammed their lips together again. Long, wet passionate kisses. Tongues tasting the deep recesses of each others mouth.

She, with his hard cock in her hand, and he, slowly lifting up the hem of her dress.

"Wait." she said," pushing him away slightly. Not here! I feel weird." Her shyness rearing it's ugly head once again.

"Does THIS feel weird? he asked pulling her warm, wet panties aside to plunge two fingers inside her. She let out a seductively low and satisfied sounding moan, and raised one leg against his to make it easier for his fingers to fuck her. His pants fell completely to the elevator floor. 

Reaching behind the same knee she had raised against him, and holding it tightly, he grabbed her other leg the same way. Leaning her back against the steel door, he picked her up, and lowered her onto his rigid, waiting cock. After the initial painful shock, her slippery, soaking wet pussy welcomed him inside her. He fucked her hard against the steel door, and she let out little yelps with each deep plunge he pounded into her, banging her over and over against the cold steel door. There would be bruising, but it was the last thing on her mind right now.

Her legs were now tightly wrapped around his waist, and he held her up by her ass cheeks. Her hot panting breath in his ear was driving him crazy. His cock, surrounded by the warmth inside her was making him even harder than before, and they could both feel him pulsing and growing thicker. . .filling her completely.

Holding her off the ground like this, impaled on his thick hard cock, he realized he could also almost touch her asshole. He moved her in a way that he could get one finger just outside of it and tickled her small, tight hole back and forth with it. With that, she came at once in a violent, shaking spasm, beating her bare heals into his back, crying out as loud as she could. 

"OH MY GOD! I'VE WAITED SO LONG FOR YOU TO FUCK ME! CUM INSIDE ME KENNY! GIVE IT ALL TO ME! FUCK YES! OH! FUCKFUCKFUCK! FINALLY YOU'RE FUCKING ME! FINALLY! GIVE ME ALL YOUR CUM!"

And he did cum inside her. Big time. Long pulses of his hot cum splattered her insides. She whimpered with every strong, throbbing shot he emptied inside of her. It started to run down her inner thigh in a long white silky stream of their combined fluids. When his massive erection started to retreat, he slowly pulled out of her, gently set her back down on her feet, and shocking him yet again, fell right to her knees, licking and sucking every drop of his cum still oozing from from his spent dick. 

He was sure that this had all been a dream. He must have died in a freak elevator accident and gone straight to heaven.

"Ladies and gentlemen. May I have your attention please? All hotel elevators are now back in operation. Thank you for your patience, and again, we are very sorry for the inconvenience." 

They smiled at each other and straightened out their clothing as quickly as they'd torn it all off.

"That was so cool," She said. I can't believe that we did that right in here! In a elevator for god's sake! Guess I'm kinda getting over my damn shyness huh?" 

He smiled and kissed her on the cheek. "ya think? Maybe we can go back down and do it again. . . like in the lobby this time!" 

She slapped him hard on his arm.

The repaired elevator continued it's slower than normal climb to the ninth floor and stopped. When the door finally slid open, he politely held it open for her once again.

"I'll walk you to your room Trish, its this way." 

"Oh, I won't be needing that extra room tonight Kenny. But thank you for booking it for me. You're a real gentleman."

Naked, exhausted, and falling asleep in each others arms that night, Kenny knew that he wouldn't have to wait until another Class Reunion to make love to his dream girl. After all, there would be no more class reunions. . . 

But there was always tomorrow morning. 

The End