 I fumble in my pockets to get the tickets to get through the turnstile, as we can hear a tube train arriving. 

We've met up in London for the day and have had a couple of drinks or three and are trying to get across town to take you home. 

'Come on, come on, we're going to miss it!' and you press up behind me and start going through my pockets. 

'That's not helping!' as I squirm against your inquisitive fingers, 'Ta-da! Here they are! Come on then.' 

We race down the steps and onto the platform, as the hiss of the doors starts, 'Hang on!' I shout and an obliging soul does and the door is held open for us to fall through. 

'Phew! That was close and we've still got another tube before we get back! But at least there are some seats.' With that I fall into one and you take one directly opposite me, leaning back into it with your knees slightly apart. 

The carriage is almost empty. Our saviour has got off at the next stop and everyone else is at the other end of the carriage - two other couples, one in their fifties and discussing some musical they've seen and the other an Asian looking couple who look like students. 

'Awww, what'd you have to sit over there for? Come over here so I don't have to shout across at you.' And I patted the seat next to me and beckoned you over. 

'Nope, I've got comfy and who says I want to talk?' And you rest your hands on your thighs just above your knees. 

I sat back in my seat, 'OK, be like that then!' And I turned my face away to people watch the other passengers. The initial excitement of fumbling in my trousers starting to subside now as I thought about our next connection and the time we had left to get the train. 

'Just because we're not talking, it doesn't mean that I shouldn't have your attention'. As I turned to face you again, I saw that your legs had moved further apart. Now you lowered yourself further into your seat so as to give me a view to the shadows that caressed your upper thighs below the edge of your skirt. 

Your left hand was still on your thigh and rubbing the material of your knee length dark skirt, causing it to gather and crease. At the same time, your right hand was under your jacket and tracing the outline of your breasts. 

'You have my complete attention. Talking of which, there's definite evidence of standing to attention down below!' And I cast my eyes down at the bulge in my trousers and copied your posture by pushing my legs out toward the centre and leaning back in the seat. 

'Good, I was trying to feel him earlier at the ticket barrier. I'm feeling really naughty tonight. I wanted to take you into the toilets with me at the last bar but it was too busy! So instead, I had a little rub to get rid of the frustration!' At that you looked me straight in the eyes. 

'O Honey, you are so sexy. Why didn't you say? The gents was empty and I had a big stiffy for you. Did you come?' As I spoke I adjusted my trousers to allow the swelling beneath to move around more freely. 

'Mmm, big style. My thong got so wet, I had to take it off!' With that, you reached into your bag. 'Here, catch!' And you threw something over to me and when I looked in my lap, I saw your sexy black thong resting on top of my twitching trousers. 

I mouthed 'Fuck!' at you and had another rearrange as I gathered the tiny fabric item into my hand and held it close to my face. 'Mmm, you smell REeaalll good. I can't believe that you're sat on the tube with nothing between me and your sweet puss but the gap between our seats.' 

'Yep, wanna look at it?' You didn't need to wait for my reply as you finger walked your skirt up your left thigh and brought your heels together against the seat to stretch you thighs wide apart. 

The train slowed and came into a station and you slammed your knees back together in case anyone joined our carriage, but no, as it set off again, we were still alone and you gripped the hem of your skirt and lifted it as you returned to your spread legged position. 

The sight was fantastic. Here I was with a fantastically sexy and good looking woman who was so aroused she was showing me her most intimate treasures after having masturbated herself to orgasm. And all onboard an underground train with four other people at the other end of the carriage! I was expecting at any moment to keel over and die to compensate for such an experience and you know what? I wouldn't have minded, it would have been worth it. 

Neither of us had spoken since the last station and we slowed into the next, the final one before we had to get off. Again, we assumed casually respectable poses, in case we were overlooked. 

The doors closed and we set off again, once more with no one getting into our part of the carriage. 

Your hand went under your skirt this time and stroked your lips as you opened yourself to me and your other hand went under your top to rub your breasts. 'This is no fair' you said, 'you've seen mine but all I see is the wrapping on yours!' 

Conscious of the little time we had left till our stop, I quickly unzipped and pulled my penis out of my boxers. The engorged head was twitching in my palm and clear sticky drops were dribbling out of the tip. 

'There, is that better? Make the most of it, because it's going back indoors again now.' And I struggled to get it back as the train slowed to our stop. You stood first and came over to me while I was still adjusting myself. 

'That was so horny, I can't believe how wet I am!' And you stroked a moist finger along my cheek. I almost came right there but you moved towards the door and waited for them to open. I stood behind you, with my excitement pressing against your firm butt. Which I now knew to be naked beneath your skirt. So I let a hand stray up the back of your leg to give your nakedness a squeeze. The doors opened and you stepped onto the platform and looked for the way out. 

We made for our connection without speaking, eyes scanning the signs and maps to get to our destination, but never more than a few inches from each other. With me behind you all the time. 

The platform sign said that there were eleven minutes till our train, so I leaned close to your ear and whispered 'I need a pee, sweetheart so I'm nipping off to the loo. Be back in a tick' You turned to me, reluctance written all over your face, 'OK, but be quick' then whispered 'and no wanking! I want all your lovely cum so don't waste a drop!' 

I ran off and came back in plenty of time and we stood close together with my arms round you as we waited. Your head rested back against me and I kissed your ear and neck and squeezed you closer to me. 'Guess what I've got in my pocket?' I whispered. 

'Mmm, I can feel it, you naughty boy. How did you manage to go to the loo with that?!' And your bum wriggled back against my hardness. 

'Confession time, what I've got in my jacket pocket is my boxers. I didn't go to the loo but wanted to join you in being a bit naughty.' I pressed against you again and twitched. 

You didn't have time to reply as the train came in and we joined everyone else in shuffling through the doors. This time, it was full and we stayed by the doors, standing against each other in the same position we had been in on the platform. 

Everyone else on the train had either nodded off or was too engrossed in their companions to notice us as I moved the hand that was out of view of the rest of the train over your breast and over your stomach and down to your thigh. You sighed and leaned back against me. 

'That's nice, carry on!'

I needed no second invitation and stroked up and down your side as we travelled from station to station. The feeling of you against me and the motion of the train were getting me really excited and I could feel myself dribbling into my trousers. I looked around the carriage and then on my next downward travel, I caught your skirt and brought it back up with me. I gently tugged it and you momentarily released the pressure between us and it stayed trapped above your perfect bum. 

My hand moved down again and stroked its' nakedness and you pressed back against my swelling penis. 'If it was nice before, this is heavenly. And so naughty too!!' Now that you were exposed, I concentrated on stroking, squeezing, rubbing and generally mauling your butt. Pulling the cheeks further and further apart to burrow deeper and deeper into your cleft. During all this, my other hand had found its' way up under your bra to stroke your breasts that were full and erect under my touch. 

'God, I need you inside me, right now or else I'm going to explode!' And your hand pushed against your crotch and forced your skirt to rub your swollen clit. 

'We need to get off at the next stop, hun. Best calm down so we can get off!' I couldn't believe I was saying this! What an asshole! Here's a sexy woman begging for me to fuck her and I really want to but I'm talking travel arrangements instead. What am I playing at? But anyway, we shuffled apart a little and we moved our hands to where they were respectable and sidled over to the platform doors. 

As we moved through the crowd towards the train station, we remained close. Your hand occasionally straying to squeeze my penis and mine your bum. We had no time to savour our illicitness as the train was there and had minutes before it left, so we headed for the first carriage and squeezed in as the whistle blew. 

Once again, the carriage was full, there are no seats but having had so much fun on the tube, we would have been disappointed if there had been! Knowing that the platforms will be on the left-hand side for the whole journey, we take up our position in the doorway of the right-hand exit. 

No messing around this time as you hitch your skirt up between us and press my hand against your naked flesh before pressing it between your legs. I resume my grip on your breasts and kiss and nip the nape of your neck. My penis feels like it will burst, it seems so full and pulses so hard against your uncovered butt. 

We carry on where we have left off. This time the stations are further apart and no one is getting on. The other passengers doze or chat animatedly to each other, taking no notice of us. 

Less than a third of the way into the journey, we encounter our first tunnel and the lights blink out at the same time. I take advantage of the dark to loosen my trousers and unzip my fly so that my nakedness now rests against yours. 

'O God, I want that cock inside me. I don't care who can see. I'm dripping wet and I need filling with your lovely cum covered prick!' I nearly climaxed right there but our wish was granted as we entered another tunnel and the lights failed. 

This time I entered you as we jiggled and shuffled in the dark. As the light came back you were pushing back against me to force me inside your slippery pussy. I have to bite your neck to stifle the gasping moans as I feel how exquisite you feel. 

As the lights are on, we stay almost still and let the movement of the train over the tracks do all the work. It felt fantastic to be coupling in full view of complete strangers who were oblivious of what was happening as the rocking and rolling motion of the train moved me inside you and stimulated us both to climax. Again, I buried my face in your neck and you chewed the collar of your jacket as our passion spent itself. 

My erection subsided and I withdrew from you, bringing with it great globs of our cum. You turned slightly towards the right to allow me to shield myself from view as I tucked myself back in. 

When we got to our stop, we were the only ones to get off. As the train pulled away again, we were alone in the moonlight. It being too late for the ticket booth to be manned so there was no rush to get off the platform. Let's face it, there weren't going to be any more trains that night. 

'That was fantastic!' I exclaimed as I hugged you close and picked you up and held you as I spun you round. 'Too bloody right, I've wanted you all day and I haven't finished with you yet!' With that you pushed me back against a wall and dropped to your knees in front of me. 

Continued ...