 It was late in the afternoon of a very hectic, crazy day, and I needed a haircut. I finally broke away from the race, and walked into the salon I regularly visited. My stylist was just starting to work on another, but told me that was his last appointment. If I wanted to wait, he'd cut my hair in about 30 minutes. I told him I was beat, and was going to snooze on the couch in the waiting area. I headed out there, found no one else around, so I stretched out to rest my aching back and feet. Apparently, I was worse off than I thought, and immediately fell asleep.

I awoke a while later, yawned and stretched, and as I sat up, I noticed a beautiful lady sitting very primly in the chair across from me. She smiled, and said, "Rough day, huh?" I nodded, and smiled, and could not take my eyes off of her. She was stunning. Long, really long, black hair draped across her shoulders and reached almost to her waist. Her eyes were dark brown, and sparkled like a black sapphire. And then she smiled again. It was like that stupid TV commercial with the gum that brightens and cleans your teeth- her smile literally blazed. She must have thought I was retarded for not saying something coherent, but I was just so surprised to wake up to this goddess sitting across from me. The other stylist came out then, and took her inside for her appointment.

A few minutes later, my guy came out and said I was next, so I followed him into the working part of the salon. As I sat down, I noticed that at the other end of the salon, the dark-haired beauty was already getting shampooed. I asked about her, and was told that it was her first time in the place, and that no one knew anything about her. He said he'd check for me, and before I could respond, he walked across the room, asked her name, and chatted with her and the other stylist for a moment. When he returned, he told me her name and said that she was new to town, and casually mentioned also that she wore no rings. I told him to get to work and get me done at the same time she finished, which he did.

As we both ended up at the cash register at the same time, and we were both the last cuts of the day, I asked my stylist if he was up for a cold beer. He said no thanks, but the dark-haired beauty piped up and said she thought that sounded really good! I am not one of those guys that was ever the cool, suave, stud that scored with the babes. In fact, I can't think of another time I have ever had a beautiful woman try to pick ME up! I told her that I knew just the place- where the beer was ice cold and on tap, and if she wanted a cold beer, I'd be happy to oblige. She gave me another one of those white diamond smiles, nodded, and said, "Let's go." As she headed out the door, I looked back at my buddy, and he just shook his head and laughed. "Go for it." He said.

When I walked outside, she had already started her car, and was waiting for me to lead the way. I hopped into my car, and as I pulled out into the street, her silver convertible was right behind. We headed up to the club, and found a nice table, close enough to enjoy the music, but far enough away to let us talk without shouting. When I asked her what kind of beer she wanted, she ordered Bass draft. This was already hard to believe, but she liked Bass, too? Who was this girl?!! Our pints arrived, and we both slugged down almost a third of the glass in the first few swallows, both thoroughly enjoying that great brew. Over the next short while we finished those and reordered. We talked easily, about all kinds of things, and found we had much in common. She was comfortable to be with, and it was a nice time.

About seven o'clock, I asked her if she were getting hungry, and she suggested we get some take-out and find someplace less crowded. I asked her if she might like to see my home, as it was on an acre, with lots of quail. I said that would be a lot less noise than the bar, and we could eat out on my patio. She said that sounded great, and so we ordered a couple sandwiches to go, and she followed me over to my place. When we got there, she headed straight out to the patio, and then came back inside, smiling, and telling me what a cool place I had. As I got plates for our dinner, she asked to use the bathroom. I told her where it was, and that I would meet her back out on the patio. I grabbed two bottles of Bass from my refrigerator and went outside. It was pretty much dark, so I turned on the fountain, and then some of the small landscape lights around the patio. I also lit a small candle for the table. It was only a couple minutes later that she came out to join me. We ate together on the patio, and it was very relaxed and enjoyable. This gal was great!

As I started to rise to clean up, she reached across the table, and told me to sit still and let her take care of it. She said she wanted to pay me back for a wonderful evening. So, I sat back as she got up and carried everything inside. After a couple minutes, I heard my stereo kick on, and some smooth jazz wafted softly through the night air. It was a clear night, but no moon, so the candle was providing most of the patio's illumination. When I heard her footsteps softly approaching, I turned to greet her, and was welcomed by the sight of her walking slowly toward me completely nude. This was like a dream; like something out of a fairy tale. In the darkness, sensuously drawing near, was this beautiful nude woman, pale-skinned, with her long, black hair tantalizing me as it swayed with her walk. Her breasts rose firmly, and her nipples peeked through the dark hair. Her stomach was mostly covered by her long hair as well, but her long legs were fully visible. This was a sight I will never forget. She walked up to me, gave me another of her dazzling smiles, leaned over and kissed me deeply. As she kissed me, her tongue flickered inside my mouth, and she didn't stop for a long time. This was one of those "soul kisses" you hear about and always wonder about. It was incredibly arousing, and I could feel my cock finally start to wake up to what was happening. Here was this absolutely beautiful, naked woman, kissing me for all she was worth. I had to laugh out loud; this just simply did not ever happen to me! She stood up when I laughed, and asked me what was funny. I told her my thoughts, and she said "that I was long past due then", and I should come inside.

She turned and glided into the house, me following closely, and admiring her long legs and her tight ass. This lady was buff and beautiful, and she wanted me? YIKES! She led me to the bedroom, and she had already pulled back the covers. She went straight to the bed, climbed in, stuck her gorgeous ass in the air, turned and smiled at me, and asked me if I liked what I saw. "Yes," I said. 

She said that I should get undressed quickly, and "partake". Partake? Now that was an interesting thing to say. But I didn't waste time thinking about that, and quickly undressed. She watched me the whole time. I was hard, and standing there next to the bed with my cock sticking out. She laughed this time, and said that she thought I was a great guy- a funny, kind, hard-working guy that she liked. And then she asked me if I would please put my hard cock into her hot, wet pussy.

Well, I'm slow, but not totally stupid, and certainly didn't need her to ask me twice, so I moved onto the bed and in one motion, slid my cock into her. She was very wet and hot and slippery, and I was able to move into her without any restriction. She was ready to be fucked, and I was ready to fuck her- which I did. She asked me to go very slowly; she said she liked it slow and deep. So, I pushed into her as far as I could go, then pulled almost completely out, then all the way back in. She felt exquisite. Her pussy was like a vise, but warm and slippery. She was tight. As I pulled away, she would moan softly, and then, as I pushed back deeply into her, she would softly whisper, "Yesssssss. Yesssss. Yesssss." 

I could feel my cock growing bigger and harder with each plunge, and I wanted to just start slamming into her, fast and furiously, but I held to what she had asked of me. I slowly moved in and out of her as she wanted. She would push hard back against me, and then, as I pulled out, she would clamp her pussy tightly, gripping me with it, and milking my cock as I pulled outwards. She didn't vary the pace, and asked me not to, so we continued with this deep, hot, slow fuck. It was like nothing I had ever felt before.

We both were getting more and more excited, as this was an incredible turn-on for us both. Her breathing was growing faster and she was beginning to gasp and grunt for each breath as I pushed into her. I was holding my breath, and trying hard to maintain. We were both right on the edge, when she reached back between her legs, and grabbed my balls. As soon as she squeezed them, I immediately began to explode, spurting my hot cum deeply into her. She gasped loudly, and ground back against me, pushing my cock deeply into her. She gently, but firmly, held my balls, as I pumped my cum into her. She shook hard as her orgasm crashed through her. Then, she began to move fast, pumping her pussy quickly back and forth, making my cock ram in and out of her like a piston. I followed her lead and began to slam in and out of her, as she grunted and screamed, "YES- YES-YES-YES-YES!" over and over again. Finally, we both peaked and started to calm down. I was still semi-hard, and deep inside her, and she was still pushing back against me, clamping her pussy tightly onto my cock. We stopped moving and tried to catch our breath. It was incredibly intense and mind-blowing. We held that position for a long time, just breathing deeply, and enjoying the bliss.

After several minutes, our breathing had returned to normal. She looked over her shoulder at me, and smiled, then laughed this wonderful, infectious laugh, and asked me if I was ready to go again. She began to move her pussy in magical ways, just slightly back and forth, but with some special moves inside. I can't really describe it, except to say that her pussy was like a thousand feathers, or fingers, caressing my cock. As she moved, and squeezed, rotated, twisted, and toyed with my cock, I was able to admire the view of her beautiful back, narrow waist, and great ass. It didn't take long for my cock to swell hard again with her ministrations, and my view. She could feel me growing hard again, and said that this time, she wanted to be on top.

I pulled out, rolled onto my back on the bed, and she quickly climbed onto me, impaling herself on my cock. She began to rock back and forth, and up and down, and I could tell she was going to cum quickly again. I reached up and grabbed her breasts, playing with her nipples, and gently flicking and pinching them. Her eyes opened wide, and she immediately started to cum. Those nipples were her Achilles' heel- the minute I started to play with them, she just went off! She was grunting and yelping, pumping me in and out of her pussy, and slamming herself down onto me. It was very sexy to watch her cum, and I was beginning to feel my balls start to pull, so I knew I was close, too. 

She arched her back, stuck those incredible tits up and out, and rubbed her clit back and forth on me. Her long hair swirled all around us both. She reached behind her and once again, grabbed onto my balls. And, once again, I exploded into her. I was pumping up into her hot pussy, and she was grinding down onto me, both of us cumming and cumming together. 

She spent the night that night, and we were together for several months following. She was always amazing, like a reward for good behavior or something- a gold star for good work.