 He got drunk. It wasn't his real intention that night, but when a friend is in need, you blow off work and bow down to whatever alcohol gets jammed into your system. His friend, Holt, had just gone through what can best be described as one of the top five roughest break-ups in history and needed a friend to be with on this most depressing occasion. Not much else Tommy could do.

Tommy has never had the best alcohol tolerance in the world, but held his own as he tried to keep her smiling and forgetful of the day just ended. It was fun for both…Tommy was a giver who wanted his friends happy…and Holt needed to try to have fun. He did all he could until, she regretfully informed him, that she need to go home. She wasn't sure how she would deal with work, but not much else she could do about it. Tommy walked her home, where he was going to call a cab to take him home. 

They stepped into her place and with the lights out and with them in their state, it was high fun more or less. Tommy tripped over a table rudely placed against the wall.

"Ow…seriously, I'm in pain."

"Well, stop running into shit," she said so caringly sarcastic.

He eyed her moving figure. "Don't your sass me, woman. Not my fault you put the table in the middle of nowhere."

Finally, she was able to click on the lights. "Middle of nowhere? You stupid, stupid boy. You walked toward a corner and you expect better?"

"Stupid?" He stumbled to his feet…and fell down again. When he heard her laugh, it made him severely angry…or just wanted to show her who's boss. He crawled toward her. She tried to backpedaled, but actually fell right into his plans along with kicking him in the face after falling backwards and having our foot go into the air. 

He grabbed his forehead and turned on to his back, the room taking a few seconds to stop moving. "Are you trying to hurt me?" 

She giggled and replied, "Maybe. It's kinda fun."

Turning over, he decided to pay her back. She saw him start to move, but couldn't stop him in time as his hands went for her sides and started to tickle her. 

"Stop…" she said a few times, laughing surrounding her attempts at protesting. 

However, in her squirming, her knee drove up with some force and right toward Tommy's crotch. His hands stopped and his breath was caught in his throat. 

"Fuck…" he said, rolling off of her. His knees went up as he rolled in pain, though it was more shock because Holt's knee was slowed by intent (or lack of) and the alcohol in her system. 

She rolled over and immediately began to apology, but seeing his facial expression, she couldn't help but laugh a little. 

Grasping his groin, he eyed her with a momentary hatred. "This is somehow funny?"

She shrugged before giggling to herself even more. Propping herself up with her left arm, she looked down on Tommy, who stared at the ceiling, grimacing in pain every five seconds, but sitting, almost falling asleep. "Do you want me to make you feel better?" she said, busting out her best motherly voice. 

He looked at her. "Yeah, actually, you should." 

"I did harm you." She said, slightly grinning.

He joined her grin. "Multiple times."

She giggled in a way that made Tommy want to mount her right there, but he stayed motionless. "Maybe you should punish me."

With half-open eyes, he looked her, his eyebrows bouncing up and down suggestively. "You'd like that way too much."

She nodded her head slightly. 

For a moment, the room was silent. The sound of a refrigerator suddenly became louder as nothing else distracted them. Except, that is, their own breathing.

Tommy's eyes closed and for a moment, he forgot that the floor was slightly uncomfortable. Lips crushed against him only seconds later, making his eyes flutter open. What he saw was the closed eyes of Holt, his friend and drinking pal of that particular night. He couldn't remember why they had gone drinking, and feeling her tongue against his lips, suddenly did not care. He closed his eyes, his hand finding its place on her head, disappearing within her hair. 

His tongue caressed hers. Usually the type to take it somewhat slow, he was pleasantly surprised by the girl's aggressiveness. Whether she was committed a thing to regret later or not was of no care to her. All that mattered was the boy and girl, kissing and their hands beginning to search out bodies only touched before in playful ways and hugs.

Usually the type to take it somewhat slow, he was pleasantly surprised by the girl's aggressiveness. While his hands stayed around her head, her hands went under his shirt and began to stroke his upper body. She moved herself on top of him, their tongues in a never-ending, but sweet war. She took one of his hands and placed it on her ass, telling him that it was okay to be a little more aggressive. 

Again, the leader, she broke the kiss. She almost tore his shirt off of him. Slightly surprised his head didn't go with it, He tried to resume the kissing, but her lips and tongue found his chest, licking at his nipples. His breathing suddenly became louder than the fridge.

Her hands were still very active, now sliding up and down his outer thighs. While she wasn't actually touching his most sensitive spot, the way her hands slid up and down, it was having the same exact effect on him. Her tongue, now sliding down his stomach, probably did something for that as well.

He desperately desired her to continue, but her tongue came to stop. She wet it again and started to slide back up his body, up his neck, wetting his chin, and finally coming back to his mouth. He wondered whether the aggressiveness was finally coming to a close and the pace he was more used to from girls of the past would commence. But as a hand slid over his hard-on, he suddenly realized this girl was not a normal girl, but a sexual Goddess for tonight. He was her plaything and he really didn't care. There are worse things in the world.

She stroked him through his khakis before once again ending the kiss and looking at him. "Have I made up for my transgressions?"

He smiled. "Not quite. The table incident has been forgotten, but there's so much more."

She growled sexually and kissed him again. This time, her other hand joined as she began to unbutton his pants. She teased him and slowly lowered the zipper before digging in, her hand now stroking the boxer-covered hard-on. He moaned into her mouth and suddenly remembered how idle his hands were. Sliding them up her body, his hands found her breasts, giving them a firm hello. This time it was her turn to moan within their kissing. 

His hands slid down and began to pull her shirt up. She didn't stop her actions until he had the shirt ready to take off. With it gone, a red-laced bra came into his sobering up vision. She tried to go back at him, but he began to reach around for the bra. Saving time, she unhooked the delicious piece of lingerie and it was gone. Her breasts meshed against his chest, hard nipples digging in so comfortably to his body.

Her hands started to slide his boxers, along with the Khakis, down. He pushed up, not intending to drive his hard on towards her moistened V, but instead, to help her get his pants off. His hard-on adjusted to the cool air of the room. It was soothed to the adjustment by her warm fingers, slowly tightening around him and beginning to stroke. 

Tommy's hands kicked back in and surrounded the outsides of her breasts. However, something inside of him screamed for him to do more. His hands began to slide down her body and he began to unbutton her pants, her hands in their stroking process brushing against his devilish hands. She stopped for a second and pushed her own pants and panties down some and despite the two groan areas being so closed, their goal was not that. Instead, he brought a hand up to his mouth, breaking the kiss, and wet his fingers, even though he doubted he needed any lubrication. She grinned sexually at him, almost making him jump a little as her thumb slid over the helmet of his manhood, almost mimicking a tongue. 

She stopped for a second though when his fingers slid between the folds. She moaned at him and licked at his lips, breathing heavily between lips, her breathe going into his mouth, almost acting as if it was bringing him more energy, but he didn't need any more. He was fully awake in more than one way…and as his thumb dibbled around her clit and she moaned his name, he felt invincible in the way that only sex can make you feel.

Her actions became much more spastic as her concentration was greatly divided. If there was a war to see who was better at keeping focused on their lover's pleasure, Tommy was surely winning. Two fingers slid into her tight canal, sliding against the walls. The friction set off every little bit of sexual frustration built in the girl and she bridged her back, her head flying up. If the position wasn't uncomfortable if held for any period of time, she would have surely kept it as Tommy's mouth surrounded around one of his nipples that suddenly were presented to his face through her orgasmic fallout. Her head fell and she gained the strength to find his lips and kiss them again. 

Without warning, she got up and walked away. Tommy sat on his back confused for a second as he heard the sounds of a drawer opening and closing.

"A-hem!" made him look up and the completely nude Holt was holding a condom looking at him. Her next actions confused him for a second as she dropped the condom and turned away from him, bracing herself against the wall. Tommy finally caught on and got to his feet. Surprised a little by his stability, he walked slowly to her, his manhood seemingly a magnet, pointing to what it wanted to attach to. He bent down and grabbed the condom. When she heard that, she spread her legs. Instead of doing what she thought, he brought his mouth up and began to flick her clit with his tongue. She grabbed behind her, her hand clutching his head, as he made absolute sure she was ready for any sex that would follow.

He wasn't doing this in a random sexual idea, though. Instead, he was doing this to excuse himself from plunging deeply into her right then. Had he done that, he surely would not have lasted but so long with how turned on her fingers made him, even as she had a tough time continuing to bring him pleasure as his fingers brought her to climax.

Her body was trapped deliciously between the wall and his tongue and as her breasts slid against the cool wall; her ass seemed to pull away from the wall. Tommy's tongue on her vagina brought her so much pleasure that has he was trying to wet his own mouth, she was sliding her wetness against his face trying to get him to continue.

Remember, though. Tommy's always a giver and continued his full-fledged assault on her moist folds. He brought up a finger and as he slid his tongue into her canal, seemingly fucking her with it, his finger played with her sensitive spots.

"Please…Tommy…now…" Tommy tore open the condom pack and slid it on his cock before aiming at her opening.

The first plunge was slow as her walls contracted against him, adjusting, and ultimately, allowing more and more of him to pass into her. Her growling only urged him on until, finally, he bottomed out. Grabbing her by the hips for balance, he began to plummet into her with increasing force and speed, making her body rock against the wall in her own personal sexual gauntlet. She moaned with each slide his cock made into her, caught her breath as he slid back, and then moaned again. Her loudness was having a very pleasurable effect on Tommy's sexual drive.

A hand slid up her body and found her moving breasts. He slid his palm against her hard nipple while beginning to lick at her neck. Tommy's quietness (other than his breathing) left him somewhat as he felt her orgasm around his cock, feeling the wetness surround and contract around his hard-on made it impossible for him to keep up the pace and last. He slid out as she finished and led her to the sofa. Still liking the position, he suggested she bend over with a small forceful hand to her shoulder. Happy to oblige, he gripped himself and slid into her. He didn't go as fast, but seemed to make deeper plunges and more sudden as he had no real rhythm. It was useless for her to prepare for herself for his next movements as he surprised her each time. The unorthodox sexual practice was giving Tommy almost a second win. 

He started to go a bit faster, his thighs slapping against her, his hips against her, and his cock traveling into her. Both were quiet for a second, only listening to the sounds of their actions. She broke the silence with a primal growl as his hand slid under her and found her clit. A few seconds later, he felt another orgasm ripple through her body for a good many seconds, her breathing becoming very rapid. 

This time, she broke the position, pushing back and making him slip out of her. She turned to him, leaned in for a tongue-filled embrace, but also sliding her leg against the back of his left leg. A subtle push and he lost his balance, and fell to the floor. She giggled again and looked down at his condom-covered member, defying gravity almost. There was that grin again…

She moved into position and slid to the floor, stopping when his cock could enter her and slid the rest of the way, again moaning as she seemed to feel each centimeter slid into her…or rather, against her. 

He watched her begin to bounce, her breasts heaving with each moment, and he involuntarily began to plunge up, trying to stuff even more of his body into hers. Instead, she came again.

They locked eyes and her whispering "yeah's" infected his ears like a new favorite song. He could not get enough of the sound. 

Grabbing her breasts, his hands brought them together as she began to go at him harder, now seemingly focused on making him climax. It was the same war as before, though. He wanted to hold out till she had another orgasm and she wanted to thank him sexually for his actions that night, first as a friend and then as a lover.

She sat up straight and a hand disappeared behind her. He would have asked about the hand's location had he not felt fingers slid across, under, and around his strotum. The finger-caressing brought him to a moan that got lost in his throat while his eyes closed and he seemed focused on the new pleasure. 

His fingers again found her clit in response and she stopped in mid-bounce and bit her bottom lip and moaned before finishing the slide down. He played with her like she played with him. And of course, within very little time, there was another orgasm by her accompanied by what comes close to being described as a scream…and then, he couldn't hold out any longer, filling his condom. Their breathing returned slowly to normal. Her body movements became almost non-existent. Finally, she collapsed onto her lover's chest and sighed in pleasure. 

"I still think you should have seen that table. It's yellow for fuck's sakes."