 He was an incredibly strong man. She watched him chop wood in the mornings while she drank her tea. The sharp shocks of contact between the axe and the wood created a rhythm that she found soothing. His arms were lean and subtly muscled, but when he chopped wood, his muscles rippled gently with every movement.

She had only been here for a month, but she already felt like she knew him. He could be somewhat mysterious, but he was kind and genuine, intelligent and well-spoken, and was a comforting presence at all times. She felt happier when she was around him.

It felt strange that she had only graduated high school two months ago. It felt like she had been volunteering on this farm for years. She had always wanted to work on a farm, and when she found a program that matched enthusiasts with organic farms, she eagerly applied. She didn't get paid for her labor, but he fed her and gave her a room for free. It was a learning experience that she was very grateful for, especially because she hoped to have her own farm someday.

But lately she had found herself wishing that she could just stay on this farm forever, working side by side with him. Her days there were wonderful. He would wake her gently at sunrise, and they would make breakfast and tea together. He would chop wood while she finished up (she liked to savor her tea), and then they would water the fields. All day they would plant and harvest and wash and store the bountiful fruits and vegetables. Sometimes in the afternoon, during the high heat of the day, they would take a break and go down to the large stream to bathe. He always kept his distance and turned his gaze at her bare skin.

The age difference between them wasn't unheard of—ten years—but he never wanted to make her uncomfortable or make her feel like she had to leave. He had grown accustomed to her company. He wasn't sure, at first, how he would feel about this apprenticeship program, as he enjoyed his solitude. But the first moment he met her, her soft blue eyes set him at ease. She was a little shy, which suited his tendency for silence, and sweet. She never complained at the difficulty of the labor, even when he could tell that she was struggling. She was a quick learner and had picked up many skills and strengths in her short time at the farm. She made his work not just easier, but more pleasant. He enjoyed her company more than anyone else's he had ever met. Part of him hoped she would never leave.

It was hard not to look at her as she slipped naked into the cool running water. Her hair was exactly the color of the wildflower honey he gently collected each season, and her skin had grown golden in the summer sun. She was lithe and graceful, and her body, while youthful, was mature in every ideal way. He longed to see her out of her work clothes, but he kept himself under control.

She wasn't quite as chaste, and snuck a few glances when he couldn't see. His body was trim but powerful. His thick, dark, curly hair was always unruly, and his soft chest hair trailed down to his belly button, where it met with the line coming up from the forest below. He reminded her of a Greek god.

At night, they would read together in the living room, soaking in each other's presence but saying nothing. They went to bed in separate rooms and thought of each other until they fell asleep.

One morning, she woke up all on her own. It was the first time she hadn't woken to his touch since she had arrived. He had stayed up later than she had the night before, lost in a particularly enthralling chapter in his book, and it occurred to her that he might still be asleep. Sunrise glowing through the windows, she tiptoed to his room and saw him resting peacefully. Knowing he would want to start the day, she decided to wake him.

Laying a hand on his shoulder, she attempted to rouse him. He was deep in sleep and barely stirred. He was so beautiful like this. His chest hair peeked out from under the covers and she longed to run her hands through it. Without fully realizing what she was doing, she began to caress his face and hair, touching him lovingly. He began to wake from the soothing sensation and sighed happily, not fully conscious. When he opened his eyes, he was shocked to realize that it was not a dream—here she was, sitting on his bed in only a flannel shirt and underwear, touching his hair. When she noticed he had awoken, she blushed and almost ran out of the room in embarrassment. Instead, as though being controlled by a puppet master, she leaned down and kissed him gently.

He kissed her back and they stayed motionless for a moment, their lips locked. She ran her hand unconsciously down to his chest and ran it though the soft hair, making him shiver. The shiver brought her back to reality. She jumped back.

"I'm so sorry," she said quietly, so afraid that he was going to ask her to leave the farm.

He was speechless. He was barely awake and he had just been caressed and kissed by a woman ten years his junior, a woman he fantasized about every night. Before he could say a word, she ran back to her bedroom.

Slowly, he got dressed and made his way out to the kitchen, where she had already made toast and tea. He was disappointed to see that she had put shorts on. Her underwear had been nothing special—simple and white—but somehow that was perfect for him.

They ate and drank in silence, him gazing at her, and her gazing at the floor. He really had no idea what to say.

Eventually he went out to chop the wood. Somehow the day proceeded as usual. She began to relax a little, and behave normally around him. He wondered if she had forgotten. He knew he would never forget.

When the sun began to beat down on them, he suggested that they go down to the water as usual. She agreed happily. This time, as they undressed, he couldn't take his eyes off her. He knew he should, but he couldn't force himself to look away as she dropped her shirt to reveal the most perfect breasts he could ever have imagined and a small, delicate waist. She wriggled out of her shorts and underwear and he almost gasped at her curving hips and voluptuous behind that somehow rose perfectly above her slender legs. Her pubic mound was covered with soft, light hair that looked as pure as a peach.

He stood there, naked, looking at her. When she finally looked up, she blushed and returned his searching gaze. Minutes must have passed as their eyes pored over each other's naked bodies, finally giving in completely to their curiosity.

She watched as his cock slowly grew, twitching upwards. She grew wet as it reached its full size, standing proudly out from his body. She felt weak at the knees.

Finally he couldn't take it anymore. He walked over to her and stood inches away, looking down at her upturned face.

"You kissed me this morning," he whispered.

She couldn't do anything but nod.

He kissed her. And suddenly their bodies sprung to action, exploring each other, touching each other with urgent need. He grasped her gravity-defying breasts and squeezed them, making her sigh as she ran her hands up and down his back. He began to kiss her face and neck passionately, moving his hands to the curve of her ass and her smooth thighs. She whimpered as he teased around her upper thighs with his fingers. Her hands were on his chest, buried in his hair.

Suddenly he moved back slightly. "Tell me," he murmured, as she gazed at him amorously. "Have you been with a man before?"

She shook her head. "Please be my first," she begged. "I dream about you every night. I need you."

He groaned. He felt like it couldn't be right, taking an 18-year-old's virginity, but damn it, he loved her, and he needed her desperately, just like she needed him.

He picked her up and set her on the bank of the stream, pressing her legs apart. Her back arched in anticipation. His mouth moved up and down her thighs, getting closer and closer to her pussy each time before moving away again. She was almost shaking from how badly she needed him.

"Please," she whispered.

He granted her wish, tasting her juices with a solid lick from her hole to her clit. She cried out, almost reaching climax from that one touch. He circled her clit with his tongue, batting it back and forth expertly, and then began to suck on it. She writhed in agonizing pleasure. He dipped a finger into her and brought her to the most incredible orgasm she had ever experienced. She screamed, her voice echoing in the woods, joining the sounds of the birds and the insects.

She gasped as the sensation began to subside, but she was still aching for him. She needed him inside her. He gazed down at her lovingly, massaging her breast with one hand and the other hand stroking his cock, as she opened her eyes. 

"Do you want me?" she asked.

His heart raced. "You know I do," his said, his voice guttural with desire.

"Take me. I'm yours."

"But...are you sure it's right?" he said, uncertainly.

"We're just two animals in the woods," she said with a smile, reaching up to kiss him. She turned over and crawled further up on the bank, until she was on all fours facing away from him.

He let out a tortured moan and followed her, grasping her thighs, pulling her ass against him, and pressing his thick cock against her virginity. He had never needed anything more than this.

"You're mine?" he asked, needing to hear those words again.

"I'm yours. Completely yours."

That was all he needed. He pressed into her, making her gasp as his thickness stretched her apart. She panted as he pressed deeper and deeper into her, her tight walls pulsing around him. He knew he was big, and hoped he wouldn't be too big for her first time, but none of her reactions seemed to express intolerable pain. He finally pushed it all in with a thrust, filling her all the way up. Her ass rocked against him as she tried to adjust to the sensation of having something so big inside her most sensitive place.

It was only as he filled her completely that she remembered her lessons in school on protected sex. But she didn't care right now. This was right, pure, animalistic. Her body needed this. She needed him to claim her, to possess her, without any barriers. She needed his seed. She moaned.

He slid out and pressed back in, taking it slowly. He reached around and toyed with her clit as he gently thrust in and out of her. She began to convulse with pleasure and the sight drove him wild. He couldn't take it anymore and fucked her with abandon, taking her from behind like a fevered animal. They cried out together with every thrust, her tightness and his thickness in perfect harmony as they climbed the stairs together to higher and higher pleasure.

It was perfect. She shone like gold in the sun before him, and it felt like liquid gold inside her. He ran his hands all over her as he pounded into her. He grabbed her hair and pulled it back, turning her head to look at him. She gazed into his eyes as he slammed her g-spot over and over in perfect rhythm. Suddenly her eyes closed and she began to have her second orgasm. He didn't stop. He fucked her as she shook and cried and whimpered with unbearable pleasure.

She reached her climax and he knew he was close. He only now realized that they weren't using protection, and that he had no protection available. His heart wrenched.

"I'm so close," he groaned. "What do you want me to do?"

"Fill me up," she whimpered.

His body was shaking. "Are you sure?"

"Yes," she panted, as he thrust into her violently. "I want your seed."

He couldn't believe it but nothing had ever turned him on more. He cried out as he exploded deep inside her, pouring into the recesses of her young body.

She felt an incredible flash of bliss as his passion planted new life in her. She was all his. Forever.

He collapsed on top of her, holding her lovingly. He hadn't yet completely registered what had just happened, but everything felt right. They moved so they were lying side by side, and kissed each other slowly and sensually. They had just created life together. They had just had the most amazing experience of their lives. They were bound together now.

Soon, they went to the water to rinse off. They couldn't take their hands off each other the rest of the day. They did their tasks on the farm, but stayed in their post-coital heaven.

When the sun set, they made their way inside and crawled into his bed.

They peeled off each other's clothes and kissed and licked and bit each other, laughing, lovesick and foolish. This time they made love, gently. He held her tight against him as he came inside her again. He couldn't imagine ever coming anywhere else ever again. Inside her was his home.

In pillow-talk afterwards, they decided she would stay on the farm with him. They promised to grow old together, to love each other, to raise a family together.

All summer long, they reveled in the sun and forest, alternating between fucking and making love. Their child grew in her. Their lives were just beginning.