 Twilight closes in as the two lovers sit staring into the fire, both mesmerized by dancing flames and shadows thrown in growing length all around. Tossing another stubby branch on the fire, he turns in his seat, drawing his companion close; a little stunned that she is actually right here beside him.

Not very long ago, but seeming more like ages, Matt first spoke to Megan on an Internet dating site. One evening he logged into the site to discover a short email from her, which began a continuous barrage of laughter mixed with innuendos. Over the course of the next few months they got to know each other; they quickly realized they had much in common. It soon became apparent to both of them that it might be a good idea to meet, to see if there was indeed the fiery connection they both suspected.

After some last minute arrangements and lots of frustration, here they were side by side staring into a fire together with his arm snuggled around her and her head on his shoulder, owls hooting in the nearby forest while small creatures snuffled around in the underbrush.

Oh, how beautiful this woman is in the fire light! Her every word excites him and starts his blood racing. Matt leans in for a soft kiss on her full, slightly pouty lips; she is everything he'd hoped for and then some, especially where it most counted...life just didn't get any better than this!

He reaches behind his chair and gets a long, slender stick, previously prepared for roasting hot dogs and marshmallows, and then watches Megan as, from a nearby ice chest, she selects a couple of wieners and slides one down the smooth stick. Fascinated by the play of a sly smile lifting one corner of her luscious lips, Matt smiles and takes the other wiener for his roasting stick.

They quietly talk of how great it is to finally be together, his deep voice resonating in her ear and lifting goose bumps along her warm, sensitized flesh. Turning into him, one hand gently resting on his thigh, she looks into his eyes, the campfire flickering across his handsome, sculpted features; she tries to convey deep feelings for him with just a look. Nope, not enough...placing her hand on his cheek, she leans in and sketches his jaw with gentle nibbling little kisses until their lips meet and then fuse together, intense passion overtaking them both.

With a groan she breaks off the kiss, reaches into the cooler once again and comes up with another wiener strategically sticking out of her mouth. Looking at him with a playful smile and one brow arched in invitation, she waits for him to bite the other end. Meeting him at the middle, she pauses; allowing him to chew and swallow his part of the soft cool meat, and then she gently slides the remaining piece past his lips. They lock lips once again; their tongues dancing the lover's tango; her hands somehow finding their own way to touch him anywhere she can reach...his shoulder, his chest, his thigh. 

Wrapping Megan in a big hug, Matt softly bites her neck at the shoulder line, and then brushes his lips down the inside of her arm and inner elbow; she sighs with the pleasure of this sexy man's lips on her skin. While her tongue flicks lightly against his neck, Matt trails his fingertips along her spine; soft touches and slow caresses move his hand down her body. He inhales the intoxicating scent of this woman draped around him, and with a groan he leans back in his chair taking his sexy siren with him; right to the ground as, with a resounding thump, the chair buckles and he finds himself in a heap of aluminum tubing on the ground, Megan half out of her chair beside him, her soft laughter music to his ears.

"Well," he says, laughing, "That chair wasn't particularly comfortable anyway."

Easing out of the mess that used to be a chair, he wraps his strong arms around her and scoops her up in his arms, carrying her a little closer to the fire, carefully sitting on a large conveniently place log. No longer laughing, Megan squarely situated in his lap with her well-formed legs wrapped snugly around his waist, he begins a slow exploration of her neck with his mouth. Very lightly he touches her skin with his tongue. Near the ear, the base of the neck, throat; all are kissed by this man who is close to becoming an animal. 

Megan leans into him willingly, and with arms wrapped around his neck whispers in his ear..."Baby, I can think of no place I would rather be than right here with you."

Licking and nipping at his ear lobe, one hand curved around the back of his neck, she gently lets Matt know just how hungry she is for him by grinding her hips into his, tightening her legs like a vise around him. She can feel his need for her tucked snugly against her and her hips echo her need for more, slowly circling in tiny jerky movements that leave her struggling for breath in his arms. 

His hands grasp her hips and Matt greets her gyrations with his own quickly rising passion.

Returning again to his lips with a moan she cannot hold in, she surrenders to the need for this wondrous man's loving. Tongues seek and challenge, lips nibble, and teeth gently nip...her breathing ragged as she soaks her panties. Resting her head in the crook between his shoulder and neck, she nips the tender skin; Megan inhales his sexy essence deep into her lungs and groans as she shudders within Matt's embrace.

Matt feels the shudder and instinctively knows that Megan has surrendered to his touch. He fills his large hand with a sexy ass cheek and pulls this lovely woman as close as he can. Matt can feel the warmth as her orgasm dampens the crotch of her pants. Luckily he knows that she brought extra clothes because apparently she will need them! 

Tightening her grasp on his hand, and placing the other behind one of his knees, Megan leans back as far as possible, grinding her pussy against his iron hard cock. She is very sensitive now, and the pleasure races through her body, raising goose bumps on her flesh, hardening her nipples, and causing her to suck in her breath as she gasps and groans, and shudders yet one more time, leaving him with a wet spot on the front of his jeans!

Straightening against him once again, she wildly locks lips with him, and her hands discover the warm skin under his shirt. Soft caresses quickly turn into needful massages of the muscles of his torso, shoulders and back. 

With a quick hand, Matt releases the first two buttons of her shirt, trailing hot kisses down into deep cleavage. With one hand firmly gripping her ass to keep her steady on his lap, he uses the other to lightly touch her stomach and side. 

Megan can feel the bulge against her belly like an iron rod. Leaving his lips wanting more, she lightly drags her nose across his cheek to his left ear, and gently teases the lobe before sucking it into her hot mouth. Running her tongue the length of his ear, she lifts his shirt for easier access. Raining hot kisses across his shoulder, and then down to his chest, she lightly swipes one nipple with her thumb, then sucks the other nipple into her hot mouth, her firm tongue tracing its contours, coarse little hairs tickling her lips. Pushing gently against his stomach, Megan lowers her lips slowly down his torso, snaking her tongue into his belly button on the way by...

Kneeling in front of him, she firmly runs her hands up the inside of both thighs, then stops to look into his eyes, seeking permission:

"Please, Love," her eyes ask silently...she wants this incredible man with a desire that is going to rip her to shreds. A quivering of his jaw and a tightening around his eyes lets Megan know that he, too, is near the limit of his willpower. 

With a slightly wild look, he asks her to continue. She reaches up and unbuttons his pants. Free at last, his cock bursts from its containment, smacking her soundly on the cheek. Megan reaches for it and brings its silky strength to her lips, teasing her tongue around the head, and then blowing on it gently. As her breath warms his cock she feels every muscle in his body clench at the intense pleasure that she is creating for him. She works her tongue all around the head and feels one of Matt's hands move to the back of her head. 

As large and powerful as those hands are, they are always gentle. Taking his cock into her mouth, she feels him lean his head way back. A low growling sound is coming from his throat. A sound of pure passion, describing the ultimate joy he feels to be with her in this way...his first blow job ever. 

Sweat starts to bead on his brow. How long can such pleasure last before he can stand it no more?

His hand moves from her soft hair to her blouse. With a couple of awkward tugs he pulls it from her body. Taking a clue from his difficulty, she reaches back and undoes the black lace of her bra. Her large tits swing free and his eyes lock onto those magnificent mounds of soft pink flesh - he simply must reach for one. Fondling it, and feeling the weight of it in his hand, he brushes his thumb over the hardened button of a nipple. Pulling Megan up by tits that completely fill his large hands, Matt growls that he can take no more of her wanton ministrations if she wants him to last. 

Chuckling merrily, she smiles slyly at him and shoves his head into the soft mounds of fragrant flesh in front of him! She threads her fingers through his hair, inhales his masculine scent, and then stands before him trying to undo the button of her pants. Their fingers meet and tangle both eager to remove all barriers between them. 

Allowing her to finish the task, he turns to grab a bottle of water nearby and dribbles some of it down her belly; then watches it run in rivulets past where a triangle of hair is supposed to be, and trickling into the crevice between her legs. 

Placing his hands on her hips and pulling her closer, he sips and licks the water from her belly while slipping a finger deep inside the hot wet folds of her pussy. Prepared for her bucking motion, his tongue rasps across her clit, now within easy reach. Megan's knees buckle and she leans over him as he stokes the fire within her. Moaning his name and no longer on this plane of life, Megan sags to the ground in front of this man who just rocked her world!

Matt knows that anyone could walk by at any minute, but could not care less. The only thing in the world that he does care about is the beautiful woman sagging in front of him. 

Gently guiding her back, he inches his way forward to where she now lies with legs spread wide. Pushing her knees up by her chest, he places two of his large fingers against her pussy lips and slides them deep inside, savoring the feel of those satin walls, caressing his fingers as they sink in. His tongue darts forward against the little bud that is swelling before him. He stops for a moment to blow gently across that bud and is rewarded with an involuntary buck of her hips as his fingers once again slide inside finding a sensitive little nub deep within that causes her to gasp in pleasure. 

The moaning, groaning and whimpering sounds now coming from Megan drive him absolutely wild! With his other hand he traces through the juices on the inside of her thigh, right near the opening, simultaneously tickling the lips and clit. He can see goose bumps rise on her flesh; her woman scent permeates the air around his face, all her self-control is gone.

Beyond ecstasy, Megan is now begging Matt for mercy..."Please Love, I can take no more!"

Rolling over, she tackles him, and removes his jeans completely...ooh, boxers! Cool! But they land somewhere in the bushes...and now Matt is lying in full glory before her, and she can only gaze in wonder at his magnificence! Awestruck by his masculine beauty, she eases up his legs, never once breaking eye contact; gently caressing each and every sexy inch as she travels up towards her loving man's iron hard rod. Megan's intention is to sheath that shaft, but she cannot pass up one more opportunity to pay homage...

Beginning at the base, still holding his eyes with her own, she drags her wet tongue up the length of his shaft again and again, then placing her lips at the top, dips her tongue gently into the small hole now filled with pre-cum. 

"Mmm, Matt, you taste wonderful, Baby!"

Feeling wild, she licks her lips and smiles, then, diving, buries his big hard cock deep in her throat. Hands on his ass, she pulls him in even deeper, and groans her own pleasure at the feel of his silky skin filling her warm mouth. Rising up just enough to take a breath, she tenderly draws him in again, massaging him with her throat muscles until he is arcing up, needing release. Then she slowly caresses the shaft with her firmed lips - up and down, up and down, letting her saliva drip down, then sucking it back in. Up and down, deep, then barely in...grasping his hard cock with one hand, she releases him to blow warm air on his saliva soaked cock, and strokes him gently, pulling him to her lips again and again. Placing the head against her lips, she opens them around his shaft and draws in a huge breath while swallowing the entire rod, right down to his tightened balls, sending goose bumps up his body.

Matt no longer knows which way is up. He is looking down into the eyes of his lover, who is pleasuring him like he has never been pleasured before. When he is near the edge of no return, he reaches down, and easily guides her up the length of his body so he can lock his lips on hers. Tongues lightly caress each other, as he holds her as close as possible. He can stand no more. 

He lays Megan on her side, and snuggles close behind. With her head turned she begs to be kissed some more. Matt strokes his lips teasingly across hers, and then bites her softly on the neck. With one hand in her hair and another on her hip, he places his hard cock against her wet pussy, then slowly eases himself inside her welcoming snatch. Sensations long forgotten overcome his thinking. He moves his mouth back to hers and slowly draws his cock out until just the tip is spreading the lips. Easing in and out slowly, he hooks a hand on her hip and draws her to him with every gentle thrust he makes. He still moves slowly, just easing the tip in and out. Megan's soft moaning is the most beautiful sound that he believes he has ever heard. 

God how good it feels to be with a woman like this again. How much better that it is Megan! He moves his lips to her ear to tell her so with his deep voice, "Megan, I love you, Baby!" She reaches between them and pulls his swollen cock out. 

Getting up and sprinting over to a nearby low hanging branch, she taunts him, "Look me in the eyes when you say that!" 

Smiling at the befuddled look on Matt's face, she crooks a finger at him, beckoning him to her sweet siren's body, and positions herself on the branch facing her sweet Adonis. Reaching up to grasp a branch above her, she draws her legs up, one on each side of her ass, spreading her pussy lips wide for his adoration. With one hand, she draws Matt back to her aching body, begging him not to be too gentle. As he drives into her, she reaches back up to grasp the overhanging branch for balance, as good as handcuffed. Her body is his to do with as he pleases; she completely surrenders control to this gentle giant she knows she can trust like no other. 

As their passion overtakes them again, her legs wrap around him pulling him into her so she can feel his cock firmly stroke the top wall of her warm wet pussy, once again rubbing against that firm little nub deep inside. Orgasms rock her body, wave after wave after wave, her skin flushing and every muscle locking in pure ecstasy once again. Megan's head drops back and she knows she is lost forever in this man who answers her every desire. 

"Matt!" she cries out, "My God, Matt! Baby... I love you!"

Barely able to hang on to the branch above, every muscle in her body tensed, her pussy pulses and throbs, pulling him deeper into her core, hoping he can feel the intensity of her orgasm, the pleasure that he gives her, and hoping that he will join her on this skyward spiral of pure bliss...

Loving the sensation of her pussy convulsing around his cock, Matt draws whimper after whimper from Megan's lips as every slow thrust brings him closer to the release he needs. He licks a finger and runs it lightly across her nipple and watches her thrash against him. He lowers his head and traces the nipple with his tongue, and then blows warm air across it. 

"Your tits are beautiful, Megan!"

Still easing in and out of her sopping pussy, he reaches down and collects some of her tangy juices, and with a finger smears his lips. Licking his lips, he feels the warm fluid cover his tongue. Bringing more to his mouth, he bends down to kiss her, sharing with her the taste of her pussy juice. He can't help but growl in excitement, and moves his hand down to rub her clit as he increases the momentum of his thrusts. 

With a shriek she nearly falls as spasm after spasm racks her body again and again in a continuous orgasm that is nearly painful. With a hand on her ass, Matt pulls her hard into each forceful thrust. That grip on her ass keeps her from falling off her precarious perch. With one last forceful thrust he growls fiercely as he floods her spasming pussy with his cum, explosively loosing his soul inside her, his eyes seeking out hers he falls into their stunning depths. 

Sinking to his knees in front of her, he draws her down beside him. Pulling her onto his lap he wraps his strong arms around her, and they sit for a spell catching their breath and staring numbly into what is left of their dwindling campfire. When Matt feels his legs will hold him again, he stands offering Megan his hand. Taking the proffered hand, she joins him on a short walk to the nearby river where they cool their bodies with a moonlight swim, after which they retire to the tent and fall into each other's embrace where they remain until dawn.