 The seating assignments for the vans were called out. Peri waited patiently to see whose van she would be riding in for the business trip to Virginia. Everyone piled into vans as their names were called and Peri looked around worried, as her name had not been called. She saw her boss standing talking with a young man in his early 20's. She approached them.

"Excuse me, Mr. Walker?" she asked quietly. He stopped talking seemingly annoyed at first then realized it was her.

"Yes, Peri?" Both her boss and the younger man looked at her.

"I'm really sorry to interrupt you sir, but I'm not assigned to a van. Where am I supposed to ride?" He looked at both vans full of luggage and employees.

"Are you sure you can't squeeze in anywhere? You're a small girl," he joked, half serious.

"No sir. There is only one seat left and Howard said that was your seat." He sighed and looked at his watch.

"Peri, you're the secretary. Didn't you make the lists?"

"No Mr. Walker. Howard - the trips manager - made the lists," she said. He looked at his watch again then looked at the young man and back to Peri.

"Excuse us for a minute please Peri," he said guiding the young man by the back and walking away. She waited patiently as they talked. They kept glancing over to her. The more they talked, the more annoyed the young man seemed to get. She caught a small part of the conversation. Her boss was saying "--need her! She's my secretary! You just--" and the conversation was lost. She put her hands in her coat pocket and pulled out a note card that read "Thanks for the best lunch break ever. -- Dante." She smiled at the memory and stuck the note card back into her pocket as her boss and the young man - hands shoved in pockets, face frowning - walked back over to her.

"Peri, this is my son Jacob. I'm sure you've seen the family pictures around my office. He's agreed to ride down to Virginia with you. You won't have to use your own car, don't worry." He handed her a set of car keys. "These are the keys to my Ford Explorer. It's the blue one right there. There is a petty business credit card in the glove compartment you can use for gas and anything else you'll need. There is also a cellphone with the number written in the phonebook in the glove compartment. I sincerely apologize about this situation but Jacob has been there many times before. His uncle, my brother, lives down there and he's going to go see him again this weekend and he knows the way in case you get lost. If you're not comfortable driving, he can do that too. Everything all set?" he asked looking at her. She stared at him for a moment surprised.

"Sir I--"

"Peri, you're my secretary, I need you there. I would give you my seat on the van but you know the routine. You know how I need to go over some things with the group on the way." She sighed.

"Okay," she agreed.

"Great. Don't worry. You two are only a couple of years apart. Get to know each other. Have fun." He lowered his voice. "You don't have to ride down with a bunch of corporate stiffs." She laughed.

"Okay Mr. Walker. We better get going."

She glanced at Jacob who was almost glaring at her. She walked over, grabbed her bags and headed toward the truck. Jacob was already standing there, his hands in his vest pockets, staring waiting for her. She opened the back door to put her bags in and realized there were no back seats. She looked at Jacob, who wasn't looking at her, then shrugged and climbed into the front seat. She was careful not to look at him and started the car.

"I wasn't really supposed to be going you know," he said bitterly. "I was trying to talk my way out of it and I had him and then you came along."

"Well, sorry to hear that but it wasn't my fault."

"You could have said no. He would have made room for you in the vans or let you stay."

"I didn't want to stay. The only reason I took this job is for all the business trips," she said following the vans out of the parking lot.

"That's the only reason any of my dad's secretaries take the job."

"Well, I'm no exception," she said annoyed.

"How old are you? I mean, you seem to be young. That's not his usual thing."

She glanced at him.

"How old do you think I am? And what's that supposed to mean?"

"Just that most of his secs were mid-thirties, early forties. Then he says we're only a couple years apart. I'm 24 and you don't look older than that."

"I'm not," she said. "I'm 21."

"Wow. Go dad," he said surprised. She rolled her eyes at him.

"He knows my cousin. I got this job through him."  "Ohh. One of those," he said looking out the window.

"One of what?" she said beginning to get angry.

"Nothing," he said smirking.

"Look. This is a long ride and I would appreciate it if you didn't patronize me the entire time."

"It won't be the entire time. I'm sure I'll fall asleep eventually," he smiled.

Peri looked at him. He was attractive, showing only small resemblance's to his father. She assumed most of the rest of his looks came from his mother. He had a head of loose light-brown curls and his face was softened by his wide grin. He was wearing baggy cargo pants, an obviously old gray T-shirt and a dark green vest with worn out sneakers and a black cord necklace with a silver shark pendant. He had a slim build but was muscular at the same time. A product of a white father and a Hawaiian mother, he had a light brown complexion which nicely complimented his blue-gray eyes.

"Very funny," she said irritated. He laughed.

"Look, I'm sorry. Let's start over. My name is Jacob." He held out his hand. She looked at him and held out her hand to shake his. 

"Peri." Before she could shake his hand, he pulled it away and laughed. She frowned.

"Please go to sleep."

"I'm sorry. I couldn't resist," he continued laughing.

"Sure." 

She turned the radio on and ignored him. After about 2 hours, he was asleep using his vest as a pillow and she was dozing off at the wheel and drifting to the shoulder of the road. They had lost the vans a while back due to an accident on the road. She swerved and hit a hole on the side of the road and jerked back into the lane. The truck pulled sharply to the right.

"Shit!" she cried out as the truck veered onto the shoulder of the road. Jacob was awake at the sudden jerking motion of the brakes being slammed on. He looked from her to outside. It was just beginning to get dark.

"What's going on?" he asked. She sighed and put her face in her hands.

"Are you okay?" he asked. She shook her head.

"I think we have a flat." He sat all the way up, his vest falling to the floor. Looking out the window, he tried to see the tire. Unable, he stepped out and looked at it. 

"Damn!" he said loudly.

"Is it bad?" she asked worried. He just looked at her and walked to the back of the truck. She stepped out and looked along the road. There were no cars in sight. She joined Jacob at the back of the truck. He was looking underneath the truck with his mouth hanging open in surprise.

"What's wrong?" she asked. He looked up at her.

"No spare."

"Are you serious?!" She got down and looked for herself.

"Dammit! Now what?" He stood up.

"Cell phone." He got the phone out of the glove compartment and tried to turn it on. It didn't come on. He tried again and laughed loudly.

"UN-believable!" he yelled throwing the phone in the car and leaning against the door.

"What? What's wrong?" Peri asked. "Don't tell me---"

"The battery's dead," he sighed.

"But isn't there a car adapter or something?" She looked in the glove compartment. It was empty except for the small wallet with the credit card in it, the phonebook and the owner's manual.

"Oh no," she said quietly. She looked at Jacob.

"I'm sorry."

"Hey, it happens. No big deal," he said not looking at her. She looked around. There was nothing but grass and woods around them and not one car had passed them since they'd stopped.

"What should we do? I mean, do you even know where we are?" she asked almost in tears.

"No actually. I think you might have made a wrong turn." She sighed and looked at the ground. 

"Don't get upset. Really. We'll just flag someone down when we see them and then we'll get help." He finally looked at her. She looked so upset he felt bad for acting the way he had earlier towards her. Looking at her, he saw that she was a very attractive woman. She had long straight black hair with a hint of red, halfway down her back. It was pulled into a low ponytail. She was wearing a white dress shirt and a gray skirt. Too short, he thought, to be working around a bunch of old men. Although she was only about 5'7, she had really long legs. They seemed to go on forever. Her face was almost angelic but at the same time a bit mischievous. Perfectly arched eyebrows and hazel-green eyes went strikingly well with her cinnamon colored skin. Her breasts looked as though they would fit nicely in his hands. He felt a slight tingle in his pants. Her nails were short and neatly manicured along with her toes. Looking at her feet he asked with a smile,"Flip-flops?" She looked at him not sure if he was making fun of her or not. She didn't give him the benefit of the doubt and angrily replied.

"Why do you even care what I--"

"Hey, hey! Calm down. It's cute." She looked at him surprised.

"Oh."

"C'mere," he said walking toward the back of the truck. She didn't move and he stopped and looked at her. 

"Come on." He opened the back door and sat down inside, legs dangling over the edge. She walked slowly to the back of the truck. She looked at him and he patted the spot next to him.

"Sit down. We may as well wait and be comfortable. I mean, there are blankets and pillows back here. Odd, yet convenient." She sat down hesitantly.

"Leave it to dad to forget things. If it wasn't for you, he'd probably forget his own name." She smiled.

"You're right."

"Oh, I know." He smiled looking out to the road. "It's okay though. Don't be upset. We'll be all right." His tone still threw her off. She looked at him unsure.

"Honestly. It's okay." He gave her a genuine smile and she gave a small smile back.

"Thanks. I am sorry though."

"Well, we can get to know each other now. Like dad said, right?" he said rolling his eyes. She laughed.

"Right."

"So what I know about you is that you're 21 and that you work for my father. What else is there to know about Ms. Peri?" She smiled.  "What do you want to know?" she asked.

"Well.. Are you single?"

"Yes."

"Do you really like working for my father?" She looked at him.

"It's okay. It's a job."

"That's a 'no'. That's cool," he said smiling. She laughed.

"No really, its not too bad."

"Why are you single?"

"Well, I'm too busy. I'm always gone you know?" He nodded as she turned to him.

"What about you? Are you single?" He nodded again.

"Why?" she asked.

"My ex cheated on me. So I left her," he said shrugging it off.

"Sorry to hear that. I've been--"

"Hey, I want to apologize about earlier. I was just upset about my father making me go. These trips get boring you know. At least this time I get to go visit my uncle instead. My father wants me to take over the business. I don't even want to work in this kind of place. It's just not me."

"It's okay. I understand. I've heard stories," she said smiling.

"About me?" he asked surprised. She nodded.

"Good or bad?" 

"Both," she laughed.

"Like what?" he asked smiling. 

"Like how you went through 3 or 4 jobs in a month. And he tells me about how all you want to do is eat, sleep and skateboard." He laughed.

"True. That's true," he said grinning, "so tell me a story about you."  "Like what?" she asked.

"Well, have you ever done anything really wild?"

"Sure. Hasn't everyone?" 

"What did you do?"

"All kinds of things. I'm spontaneous and I'll try anything once."

"Really?" he asked with a small smile on his face.

"Yup."

"So you would try..." He leaned over and kissed her. After a moment he pulled away to see her reaction. She smiled. 

"Yes, I would do that again though." 

"Oh you would?" he asked laying down,"I don't think you have the gu--" Before he could finish Peri had turned around, leaned down and kissed him. She sat up and looked down at him. 

"Wow," Jacob said grinning at her, "that was pretty hot."

"Yeah. It was," she agreed. He held her behind her neck, pulled her down on top of him and kissed her again. Her being on top of him gave him the chance to touch her. He ran his hand down her back and slowly to her ass. He gave a small squeeze and she felt his hardness poking at her. She sat up, a leg on either side of him and looked away.

"What's wrong?" he asked worried.

"I just... You're my bosses son. I don't know if we should..." She trailed off.

"He doesn't have to know. Besides," he turned her face towards him,"We don't have to do anything you don't want to. If this makes you uncomfortable, we can stop." She thought for a second then shook her head and smiled.

"Anything once right?" She leaned down and kissed him again. He slowly put his hand up the back of her shirt and unsnapped her bra. They kissed for a few more moments and Peri found herself very aroused. Panties soaked she started to grind against his cock as he slipped her shirt off followed by her bra. Squeezing her tits and rubbing them as she grinded, he leaned forward and stuck one of her tits in his mouth hungrily. She let out a soft moan as he did so and he stuck his hand under her now rapidly grinding pussy and felt her wetness. He pushed his fingers in slightly through her panties and she whimpered lightly. Then she began to thrust her hips against his hand.  "Mmm..You like that Peri?"

"Yes..!" she moaned.

"Say it. Make me believe you." He pushed his fingers in more and she moaned loudly. Pushing the front of her panties to the side, he stuck his fingers in as deep as he could. She leaned backwards on her hands and thrust her pussy onto his fingers. Using his other hand, he rubbed her clit in small circles. Her pussy began to grip tight on his fingers and she bucked at his hand wildly. He rubbed her clit and fingered her faster and faster finally making her cum. He pulled his fingers out and licked them tasting her sweet juices. She sat up and practically tore the buttons off of his pants trying to get at his cock. She slid his pants down to reveal a pair of blue boxer briefs and a soldier standing at full attention. Smiling she reached under his shirt and rubbed his nipples then she dragged her nails lightly down his chest to his stomach and then to the waistband of his boxers. She slipped one finger inside and touched the head of his cock, wet with pre-cum. She smeared it around the head of his dick and then she stuck her whole hand in and gripped it firmly. She pulled his shorts all the way off and tossed them aside. Leaning down, she kissed his cock lightly and licked it up and down like a melting ice cream cone. She circled the head with her tongue then stuck the tip of it in her mouth. Quickly pulling it back out, she looked at him.

"You like that Jacob?"

"Yeah baby," he replied quietly. She sat up and slipped his shirt over his head then kissed her way back down to his throbbing manhood. In one swift movement she took it all in her mouth and began bobbing and sucking his prick. Jacob closed his eyes in ecstasy. He put his hand on the back of her head and guided her. He moaned as she tasted the pre-cum on her tongue. She played with his balls as he began to thrust his hips upward deeper into her throat. Finally, he felt the build up in his balls and he knew it was almost time. Not sure whether or not to pull out or cum in her mouth he decided against ruining the moment by asking and let her work it. He started to push her head harder and she continued moving faster--waiting. At last he gripped her hair in his hands and shot deep into her throat. She swallowed every drop and sat up to kiss him. He pulled at her nipples as they kissed and then he slipped his hand between her legs to feel her pussy. She was ready for another go. He turned her on her back and sucked her nipples. He licked down her stomach to her pussy and licked up and down her slit. He teased her, barely touching her clit, then began to suck on her pussy lips. Spreading her legs open wider, he began to eat her pussy like he was starving hungry. Licking her into another orgasm he was ready for another one himself. Legs still spread, pussy glistening, he stuck his rock-hard member into her. She moaned, finally being able to feel him inside of her. He put her legs on his shoulders and pounded away. Titties shaking, Peri moaned his name and pinched her nipples. While hammering away at her pussy, he reached around and put his hand on her lower belly. Slowly he moved his hand down and began rubbing her clit. Within only a few short moments he felt her pussy tighten and suck his cock deeper inside of her. She whimpered and moaned and scratched at the floor trying to grip onto something. Still pumping away, Jacob rubbed her clit and her body began to shake and she let out a loud moan. The feel of the cum made Jacob pump harder. Shifting her position, Peri lifted her legs off of his shoulders and sat up. She kissed him aggressively and laid him on his back. Facing away from him she straddled him and sat on his cock and began to swirl her hips in circles. Rocking her hips back and forth he let out a light whimper. Propping herself up she began to bounce up and down on his cock. Jacob stared at her back in complete ecstasy. He suddenly wanted to see her face. He put his hands on her waist and slid them along her sides and reached around to grip her breasts lightly. Bringing them around her back he ran them up and down her. Stopping on her waist he guided her up and down on his cock, firmly gripping her ass. He began to sit up and she got on her knees, braced her hands against the window and stuck out her ass, pussy dripping juices down her thighs. Climbing to his knees behind her, he kissed her neck and ran one hand over her breasts and the other one over her belly and gently sliding his hand down and rubbing her clit. She moaned lightly and turned to kiss him. She arched her back and leaned hard against him as she climaxed again. He pulled his hand away and pushed her against the window and slid his cock into her. He placed his hand back on her stomach and grinded her onto his cock in a fast steady rhythm. He placed his hands on the wall and leaned against her, pressing her tits against the cold glass window. She pushed back on him, pulled away and laid on the floor pulling him on top of her. She spread her legs and invited him inside of her again, her lady liquids dripping from her pussy onto the royal blue carpet. She wrapped her legs around him as he jack-hammered her cunt. Finally, he shot his load deep inside of her, meshing their fluids together. He moaned loudly and shook as she screamed his name, and dug her fingernails into his shoulders, climaxing once more. Her legs became rubbery as her orgasm subsided. Jacob collapsed against her and she kissed his neck and ran her hand through his now damp curls. Still inside of her, he kissed her running his tongue over her lips. She looked at him, his eyes twinkling and smiled.

"Wow," he said looking into her eyes.

"Yeah. That was--"

"Incredible," he finished. She smiled again.

"It really was. It was like--"

"We connected?" he asked.

"Yeah. Seems like it." There was a short, awkward silence.

"I almost don't want to pull out," he said looking at her.

"I almost don't want you to either."

"I almost want to go again," he grinned.

"I almost want --"

Suddenly, headlights shined on them. 

"Oh my God!" Peri said as he rolled off of her quickly, threw her a blanket and pulled his shirt over his head. They covered themselves up and shielded their eyes as someone walked toward them. 
