 My phone alarm chirps loudly as I drag myself out of bed to turn it off. You mumble and burrow deeper under the duvet. I have to keep the phone across the room so I can't hit the snooze or turn it off altogether as I am prone to do. I shiver in the cool morning air in just a thin tank top and panties. It was still warm last night when I left the window open to get a bit of breeze. I yawn and stretch my arms over my head as I turn back to the bed to look at you. I see only your dark sleep-tousled hair above the covers but I know your large muscular body is warm, naked, and oh so tempting underneath. I briefly consider jumping back into bed and cuddling up against you, but we have so much to do for the party tonight, which is why I set the alarm instead of lazing in bed as we usually do on Saturday mornings.

I sigh and head for the shower. I take my time lathering my hair and body with my favourite coconut products. The biting spray of the shower awakens my skin, leaving it tingling and hot. My hands wander across my breasts, cupping them and rubbing my nipples into hard peaks. You always tell me that my breasts were made to fit your hands, and I imagine that it is you cupping me, teasing me. My right hand pushes down between my legs and I circle a soapy finger around my clit. I am already aroused and starting to wish I'd pulled you into the shower with me.

I remember the last time we showered together and you took me up against the wall with my legs wrapped around you. My finger circles faster as I think about how your hips slammed into mine, your muscles tensed with exertion and lust. I start to lose myself in the sensations and lean against the tile wall. The spray is hitting directly onto my sensitive nipples like tiny licks of heat. I think about your hard cock hammering into me as I work two fingers in and out of my pussy. I love it when you take me roughly, desperately, like the only thing you want to do is fuck me until we are both gasping for air. 

My legs start to tremble and I can feel my orgasm building. My clit is throbbing and my fingers slide easily in and out. I bite my lip to contain my need to cry out as I grind against my fingers. The tension increases until I feel strung as tight as a bow and then the rush of heat and pleasure hit me. A low moan escapes my throat as my pussy contracts around my fingers. I slow my movements and shakily take a few breaths. I attempt to focus as I finish rinsing and turn the water off. Even though I've just come, I want you. I want to feel your thickness inside me, and the rough pull of your hands on my body as you use me to find your own release. 

I quickly towel off and walk back into the bedroom. You are awake but laying on your back, holding your phone above you as you scroll the screen. I move around to your side of the bed and drop my towel as I open the sheets to crawl in next to you. Your eyes widen for a second before you toss the phone onto my pillow and welcome me against your skin. "Good shower?" you murmur as I straddle your hips and lean down to kiss your neck. 

"Mmmhmm," is all I reply as my mouth trails along the rasp of your beard to your earlobe. I bite down and tug a bit as I start to move my hips against you. I can feel your cock growing rapidly against my stomach as you realize my intent. Your arms wrap around my back, hands tangling in my damp hair and sweeping it over one shoulder before sliding lower to my hips and then to cup my ass. You take command, pulling me up slightly until you are pressed against my clit, and then moving me back and forth against the hard ridge of your erection. We both groan at the intensity of the sensations. I can feel my blood pumping, feel the flush forming across my breasts. I want you inside me, stretching me open, claiming my body for your pleasure. 

I climb off you and turn around, kneeling on the bed and lowering my upper body onto my forearms. I sway my hips back and forth with my ass in the air- a clear invitation that you immediately pounce on. You forcefully grab a hip in each hand and angle your cock against me, sliding a few times through my slickness, coating yourself, before slamming to the hilt in one strong thrust. I gasp, riding that fine line between pain and pleasure. I feel deliciously full and close my eyes to soak it in. You smooth one hand up my back to anchor at my shoulder and begin to slide in and out. You pull out until I feel only the swollen head of your cock still inside and then slam back until your thighs smack into my ass. I squirm against you, trying to quicken the pace, but you are in total control, maintaining your speed even as you grit your teeth to keep from exploding. Back and forth you rock against me, and I clutch at the sheets, my breath catching on every thrust. 

I know you are getting close when your movements start to speed up and become less fluid. Your fingers dig into my hip and you lean more of your body on my back as the hand holding my shoulder moves down between my legs to rub against my clit. You wring another groan from me and I am practically panting with need. I buck my hips back against you and feel my pussy start to clench. "That's it babe, come for me," you breathe into my ear, and I push back once more before my muscles lock as my orgasm rips through me. You continue to plunge into me, sinking deep before you too, fall over the edge, and your cock pulses thick streams of semen inside me. You gasp as you collapse on top of me, pushing us both down flat into the mattress. 

I can feel the stubble of your beard on my shoulder and the tickle of your chest hair against my back. Your hot breath brushes against my neck and our bodies are slick with sweat. You are heavy but I love the feeling of your weight on me so you indulge me for a few moments before rolling to the side and pulling me against your chest. Your cum is starting to drip down my thighs and we really do need to go run our errands, but I feel too sated to do anything besides lay in your arms and listen to your heartbeat.