 "Are you sure?" she whispered again in my ear. The room was dimming as the afternoon sun began it's early winter retreat. Her curly hair brushed softly against my freshly shaven head. 

"Yes," I demanded as we laid next to each other, fresh from our post-yoga shower. Though the house hadn't warmed up yet, the heat under the covers were all we needed, except for her knee-high socks to keep her toes warm. We were not ready to get dressed just yet. 

"I need you to say it," she whispered with one hand holding her head and her other hand politely gripping my hardening dick. My hands were occupied as well, one in her hair and the other at the small of her back. I traced circles in both as I pretended each were something else. 

"We talked about it in the car home and in the shower. You think I'm backing out now that you've got my dick in your hand," I stated matter-of-factly as my voice echoed from her shoulder to her neck. 

"I just need you to say it now," she warmly responded as she began stroking my dick the way I was stroking her hair. Our rhythm was always nice, but today there was something easy in the air. A sense of calm that greets excitement. 

We lay caressing each other for a few minutes while we listened to the fireplace crackle. The room was warming. 

"Boo, I want you to gently place your fingers in my ass while you suck my dick," I finally whispered. You could feel her thighs tremble with each syllable. She melted at the words. 

I don't think it was for power, though that may have been part of it. She simply wanted to be certain this wasn't her idea that I was being dragged into. She wanted to know that I wanted her to do it. That was very important. Saying the words out loud was a commitment. 

And this was quite a commitment. We'd joked about it for several years, but she would always steer clear when things got too close. She would also tease me about fucking her in the ass, but we knew she wasn't ready for it. I'd sometimes joke before our Friday yoga class that those tights made me want to discover something new in her LuLuLemon. 

Today was different because I unintentionally let her know it didn't need to be mutual.

Our yoga instructor often heard our mature conversations and would playfully hush us. "Get a room, not a mat," she'd toss in the air as I smirked at my wife's downward dog. 

"Does your wife know you are constantly eyeing her?" she joked as we all prepared for class. 

"She likes the attention," I replied as I placed my mat directly behind my wife's. She smiled but never acknowledged the conversation.

"But she's not eyeing you like you're some piece of meat," our instructor responded trying to cause a stir. 

"Satisfaction is not a sport of equality. Just because I'm doing it doesn't mean she's got to," I replied as I began to stretch. "And you may want to check your glass house, Ms. Pot," I finished as she laughed looking through the studio windows. She had recently started dating the swim instructor who just happened to walk by at that moment - though the pool was clear on the other side of the gym. Now that she had a steady beau in her life our classes were more intense and more relaxed at the same time. She hungrily stared as her man strolled by. 

"Touché," was her only response. Well, that and the brutal class we endured next. 

Then it started in the car. 

"So not all lust is created equal," my wife lobs out of nowhere. She was busy merging onto the highway, so I wasn't even sure she was speaking to me at that moment. 

"I'm sorry," I replied. 

"You can do things I'm not that into and vice-versa?" she thoughtfully vocalized as though a bigger picture had been painted already. 

"Are you talking about me staring at you in those yoga pants?" I nervously chuckled, knowing I needed to peel each layer slowly. 

"Like you don't stare at me when I'm on death's bed with the flu," she pounced back. "What I'm asking is if it would be okay for me to do things without you having to do it, too," she offered this carefully prepared statement. She may not have finished law school, but her word manipulation was no joke. 

"Example?" I offered to buy my mind some time. 

"Umm, well," she began as though this conversation was totally from the hip. "What if I wanted to kiss a complete stranger, but I didn't want you to do the same. Would you be okay with that?" Her words hung in the air waiting for my response. I needed to calculate an answer that she wasn't prepared for. 

"Can I watch you?" I smiled as she accidentally changed lanes to everyone's surprise. 

"Sure, whatever. But you can't kiss a stranger, too," she stated as though it was a question.

I know this wasn't about kissing some stranger. I was clueless as to where this was going but I was completely intrigued. After 6 years of marriage, every new twist is a welcome distraction. "I guess we can always discuss boundaries," I offered. "But I can see how you might be happily interested in kissing a stranger while equally repulsed by me kissing Salana Lathan," I added knowing she knows my not-so-secret attraction for the film star. "Technically a stranger."

"Sure," let me know we weren't at the end of the verbal contract. "So, you know how you joke about, well," she paused. She checked her mirrors and headed for the slow lane 2 exits before our house. I braced myself. She took a deep breath. 

"Fucking me in the ass?" she said with both of our eyes focused on the road. 

"Well," I smiled thinking about all of her trash talk about wanting me to go 'there' but nothing but protest anytime we actually approached that path. "I guess I'm okay if you don't fuck me in my ass," I started but quickly understood my misinterpretation as the words fully exited my mouth. She knew I would be okay if things went in that direction. She had something else in mind. 

"You want to fuck ME in MY ass?" I realized aloud. Then the thought of her harnessed with a dildo yipeekieyeahing my ass had me frozen. I'd do anything for my wife, but this was a big leap. 

"Actually, just a couple of fingers," she softened her voice, knowing her real proposition would be far less extreme than whatever I was thinking. "A blowjob and heavy lube, wouldya say?" she nervously giggled as she gave her pitch. 

I was still relaxing my sphincter from the vision of her going 10 inches into me from any angle. As much as it never occurred to me that my wife would want to place something in my ass, I fully understood that people around the world were casually doing this for pleasure every day. If a couple of fingers in my ass would get my wife off, why not. But before I could say a word she began to explain herself. 

"See, I suck your dick because I like doing it. Honestly, it gets me hot. But I let you come in my mouth because I love how it makes you feel," she said as she squeezed the steering while tightly. "So I keep looking for ways improve my, let's just say, skills."

Now I was totally engulfed in her explanation. She could have driven for another 10 exits and I would not have noticed. Fortunately she found our exit and waited at the light. 

"We've tried almost all of the ways to make those blowjobs . . . better," she offered knowing that I'd never complained about anything other than wanting more. "Mints, ice, heat, diet, whatever. But the one thing I keep wanting to do every time I see your face writhing in ecstasy is to wiggle these babies in your ass," she said as she raised her index and middle finger above the steering wheel. 

"I just know there's a spot that we haven't hit yet and I'm dying to reach it," she continued as she made her left turn. Her teeth were clinched and her grip was firm at wheel. "Pun intended."

Now she was waiting for my response. Without thinking about the weight of her question, I simply responded with, "Okay. Let's do it."

Such a man. 

"'Let's do it.'?" she bounced back with a look of disappointing shock I wasn't expecting. Her turn into our neighborhood was a little more aggressive than usual. "When you want me to swallow I don't simply say, 'Sounds good'," she finished, though under her breath the words 'motherfucker' were waiting behind her teeth. 

"What I mean is, anything that has been burning at you for this long that simply wants to bring pleasure to my face, I'm all in," I rebounded. And the turn into our driveway was noticeably less aggressive. 

"Then tell me that you want to do it," she begged as we unloaded our bags from the trunk. "Tell me it's what you want."

"I want you to put your fingers in my ass while you suck my dick," I spoke with all honesty. 

She threw her gym bag toward the laundry room and gave me a big hug. And then, as though we had not just had the most intense sexual conversation we've had in years, she asks, "What should we have for dinner? Let's have Thai tonight."

"Uh, okay," was what mouth came up with own it's own. My mind was too busy wondering when this ass related blowjob was going to occur. My pace up the stairs was slow as I thought about her wanting to do this for the past year. 

She was already in the shower by the time I got to our bedroom. I wasn't sure if now was the time or not, so I turned on the fireplace to help set the mood. Maybe she was waiting for me in the shower. So I undressed and walked into the bathroom with the same of confusion I'd had since the highway. 

As I stepped into the shower she stepped out. My confusing look apparently became more contorted because she looked at me puzzled. "You okay?" she asked. 

My nonresponse was enough of a response for her. "Oh! You thought. . . we might . . . in the . . . Now?" she finished. "I didn't mean today, boo," she explained. "I just didn't want to surprise you." Then she noticed my dick had started to stiffen. 

"Let's get dinner and discuss it over noodles," she smiled as she dried off in the mirror. 

My body showered itself because my mind couldn't get the next blowjob to quietly leave. She had me excited. For her excitement. 

I finished my shower and dried off, expecting her to be in some state of getting dressed - picking out underwear, finishing her nails, combing her hair. But she wasn't there. So I peaked out of the bathroom and noticed that she had jumped in our bed under the covers. I quickly dried off and joined her, assuming she was naked. I was right. 

"What about the noodles?" I asked as I nestled into her brown curves. 

"I saw your dick and then the fireplace," she responded. "So I got distracted," she explained as I noticed her hands circling between her thighs.

And then she asked again. 

By now I didn't care if she'd lubed up her harness or not, I was ready to explode in her mouth. 

But she needed me to say it. To want it. 

And I did. 

So she smoothly slid down beside me, disappearing completely under the covers. I could feel her hands caressing me until they were gently replaced by her lips. Her kisses were as soft as her hands were thorough. And then she filled her mouth with the head of my dick. 

She bobbed up and down, moaning and slurping while she rubbed her still damp clit. As always our movement unwrapped us from the increasing heat below our blankets and sheets. The sun had now set and we could make out the lights from our neighbors homes in the distance through our uncovered windows. The flames from the fire were illuminating our rollercoaster as she rode my mouth with a force and skill that was years in perfecting. Just when I was close to climaxing she'd undo her grasp from my shaft and swirl her tongue around my tightening balls. 

The room was getting warm and I was ready to explode when I reached for the nightstand and opened the lube. Without missing a beat, she held out her right index and middle finger. I squeezed out more than a spoonful as she began to giggle with my dick in her mouth. She was either tickled because of the copious amount of fluid I thought I'd need to keep my ass happy or because I flinched when drips of the still cold lube landed on my waist. 

But soon the jokes were over. I thought she would need me to tell her I wanted her fingers in my ass so I started with, "Baby, please stick..."

As she warmed the lube with her right fingers she shushed me with her left. Having pulled the lube over from the nightstand was all she needed to know that I was all in. My eyes were fixed on her hips as she shifted me from my sitting position to lying on my side. As her lips kissed the precum from my head I could feel her sliding her warm, wet fingers along my thigh. She licked my head in circles as she circled my asshole. She was moving with caution, but I was ready to come. She needed to do this quickly. 

So I grabbed her wrist and pull her in. I had no idea what that feeling was but I completely forgot about her mouth on my dick or her hips in the light. Her fingers were magnified in my mind as though she reached directly into my thoughts. She was slow, but realized my hips were moving with her as opposed to fighting her. I grabbed her thick head of hair and said, "Suck me, please!"

Though this position was new, she was determined to finish this with the best blowjob ever. Her entire body was writhing beside me as she slurped as loud as she could. Her fingers in my ass were matching her motions as she rotated her head in a dance with my come ready to explode. 

And as my thighs tightened around her wrists she impaled her face one last time as I squirted a load of cum into her mouth. Her eyes were sealed tight as though the cum might be filling her so much that it might drip from her tear ducts. As the cum kept releasing she carefully swallowed and my body was as rigid as a steel drum. From my toes to my forehead, I could feel every essence of my being exiting through my dick into her mouth. 

I don't remember when her fingers left my asshole, but she quickly left my side to wash her hands . . . or hand. 

She returned to a lump of a man, melted by a year of his wife's desire to leave him melted. I was ready to call it a night when she rolled me over on my back without hesitation. A pillow was behind my head and her thighs were sealing my ears in one motion. I assumed my tongue was going to finish the job when she grabbed my right index and middle finger. I felt a copious amount of cold lube hit my fingers. My body was still in shock so I didn't flinch when the extra chilled my chest. 

My tongue was already working her clit as she grinded my face like never before. I rubbed the lube between my fingers until it was warm and I began to spread her cheeks with my left hand. I moved slowly. Cautiously. 

She snatched my wrists as though she couldn't wait. I pulled my tongue from her pussy with the intent of asking her if she was ready, when she exclaimed, "So God, if you ask me to say it, I will squeeze your fucking head off your shoulders!"

So in went my index finger and out came her "oh FUCK! What the fuck!" In went my middle finger and she began to squeeze my head off of my shoulders. As soon as my tongue hit her clit she bucked my hand from her asshole and came harder than I'd ever seen. If I had hair she would have pulled it out by now. "Fuck," she finally whimpered as she sunk onto my face. 

She pushed my head back between her legs and pulled herself into the fetal position. 

I slid off the bed and washed my hands. When I pulled myself and the blankets back onto the bed she pulled me in to spoon her. We were silent for ten minutes while the flames danced in the fireplace. 

"So," she spoke softly. "You'd be okay if I didn't fuck you in the ass, right?"