 His text said, "I'm on my way, be there in 20."

"I'm home alone, the door's unlocked, come on in." I replied and went back to styling my hair. That's plenty of time to finish up, I thought to myself.

I was wrong.

When he walked in I was still using the flat iron. "I'm sorry, thought I'd be done with this by now. But I'll hurry up."

"Yeah, what's up with that?" he joked as he leaned down to kiss my cheek.

"Almost done." I said as I ran the straightener down the last section of hair. I shut it off and turned to face him.

He had his zipper down and his cock sticking out of his pants. I couldn't resist touching it, and then kissing it.

I stood and quickly took off my clothes for him, he did the same. And before he could sit back down I knelt and licked his hard flesh. Then, smiling up at him, I got into a more comfortable position. Leaning against the bed for support, I turned my attention back to his rock solid cock.

Slowly and sensually I began licking and sucking on his fabulous meat, making it a point to look up at him frequently. Whenever I caught his gaze I smiled playfully and gave his rod an extra tease with my tongue.

After a few minutes I stopped and said, "I really like sucking your cock, and looking up at your handsome face makes it even better."

He almost blushed at the compliment and said, "Really? Thanks, that's totally cool to hear you say that."

"Yes really! You shouldn't be surprised to hear that. I couldn't ask for more than a great cock, a nice chest to look past and see a gorgeous face." Then I put an end to the conversation by taking him deep in my mouth.

I peeked up at his face and was immediately pleased with myself for saying what I had. The look in his eyes and the modest smile were priceless. And he was adorable!

I continued sucking his cock, but with more passion. I held nothing back as I lavished attention on his big cock and balls. A moan or similar sound of approval escaped me often, rumbling and reverberating along his smooth shaft.

I was in heaven, and his man-meat was like food from the Gods. A gift, for which I had endless gratitude.

As I savored him, I reached for my toys, grabbing a small vibrator and a good sized dildo.

He told me to stand the dildo on the floor and ride it. I did as I was told, but after a couple awkward strokes I stopped and looked around. A small plastic storage container caught my eye. "Hand me that clear plastic box, please?" I asked as I removed the dildo from my wet pussy. "It's about the perfect height to put the toy on to ride."

He slid it between my legs and I suctioned the fake fuck tool to it. At the same time we both said "Perfect!"

As I worked my tight pussy down the length of my ride toy he shoved his dick back in my mouth. "mmmhhhmmmm" I hummed as I moved my hips in long slow strides. He matched my rhythm as he face fucked me.

My need to cum was growing rapidly so I grabbed the vibe and pressed it against my clit. I was teetering on the edge of an explosion when he told me to get up on the bed.

Moving quickly, I laid back on the bed. He grabbed my thighs, forcing them as far open as possible. Then he plunged the dildo deep in my cunt. My hot hole was so wet and hungry for satisfaction that it was met with no resistance.

"Oh Yes!" I cried, "Pound my pussy good, Baby! Oh my God I'm gonna cum, fuck me harder! Harder!"

"You want it harder, huh? You're a good little slut aren't you?" he said as he gave each stroke a little more force.

"Oh yes, fuck me harder and faster! Don't stop!" I screamed, "Oh fuck, please don't stop. D-d-do-don't s-s-sto-op fu-fucking me!" I stumbled over the words as the orgasm ravaged my body.

He didn't let up or slow down in the least, and almost instantly the orgasm turned into a tidal wave. It took three attempts before I could get my next words out, and then they were broken and garbled. "P-p-p-ull i-it ou-ou-out-t-t, I-i'm gon-n-na squi-i-irt!"

As he pulled the fake pecker out a geyser of my sweet pussy juice shot up at his face. "Fuck yeah!" he said. "That was awesome!"

"Yes it was," I said, "but your cock is being neglected." And I grabbed a pillow and positioned myself over it so my head was hanging off the bed. "Feed me that cock, Baby, fuck my throat."

He fulfilled my request immediately, shoving every inch in my suck hole as deep as it would go. I loved every minute of this, and he was determined to make sure I got enough.

While he pumped away at my throat he reached for the silicone shlong. And with one powerful move he sank all eight inches as far up my pleasure canal as it would go. I started to gasp, but he thrust his hips, blocking all air and sound from passing.

There was no hope of fighting it, I was completely at his mercy. So I rode with it, choking in any little breath I could along the way.

I started to flinch as my climax got closer and closer. He was paying close attention, and just as I lost all control he unwedged his fuckrod from my tonsils allowing me to breathe.

My hot cum seeped from my plugged pussy, promising a shower was to come. And when he uncorked my hot snatch, that's exactly what we got. That sweet nectar splattered and sprayed in every direction. It was so fucking HOT!

After taking a second to regain my composure I said, "Your turn! You deserve to be spoiled after that." And I moved so he could lay back and enjoy now.

He expected me to go down on his luscious tube steak, but I didn't. Instead I went straight to his nut sack, licking and sucking it into my mouth. I then went on to make long slow passes over his chode. I changed pace rapidly, going from slow to fast without warning, then slowed down again. I kept my movements random, not allowing him the luxury of anticipating anything.

When I felt he'd be caught by surprise no matter what I did, I moved lower and licked his asshole. The first graze of my tongue was quick, making him jump. But that was the only one that was. From that point on, I slowly caressed his tight hole with my tongue and lips.

As I lazily explored his backside he told me only three other girls had ever done that before. "The first was an experimenting thing that didn't go well. The second was more open to it and it went okay." He stopped suddenly catching his breath, "And the third was great." He went on to explain how she had used a small toy and talked him through it gently. "That one was amazing." he finished.

I spoke softly and slowly, allowing my hot breath to be felt on his skin. "That's cool, Hun," I paused to pleasure him a bit more, "but this is going to be better." Then licking his tasty ass for emphasis I went on, "And I won't need a toy to make you feel good." I grinned at him as I dove my face back into his ass.

I made an occasional visit to his cock and balls, but only briefly. I couldn't wait to get back to that sweet, desirable anus.

I devoured him, licking and sucking and slurping like I was starving. I couldn't get enough of this delicious man. I was ready to feast for hours.

He stroked his cock as I savored his flesh. The sight of this and the sounds of ecstasy I could hear coming from him fueled my hunger. I was driven to eat his rump with even more enthusiasm. I darted my tongue in and out of his tight sphincter, trying to go deeper every time. 

I now not only wanted his hot jizz, I needed it. And I could tell he needed to give it to me just as badly.

"Fuck yeah, Baby, give me that hot cum." I encouraged him. "You know I deserve that load. Give me my reward for the best rimming you've ever gotten." I said, licking after every couple words.

"That's it, Babe" he panted, "here it comes. Get up here and take it all on your face."

I moved so my face was just above his engorged tool. "Mmmm, give me it now, I'm ready."

At that very second he yelled, "Oh fuck yeah, Roxy! Get it, get that nut!" String after string of his seed smacked my face. I opened my mouth, letting some land on my tongue as well. It was delicious!

I played in the sticky mess, using his cockhead to spread it all over my face. I licked it off my lips, and then reached out with my tongue to taste it from his softening dick. He flinched because of the sensitivity that satisfaction brings.

I grabbed a towel and we cleaned up as we chatted about our plans for the day. He had to get to work, and was already late. And I had a date to get ready for.

I walked him to the door and we said our goodbyes. "Have a good day, Sexy." I said.

"You too." he said, and out the door he went.

All in all, I'd say that was a good start to the day. I wish they all started this way.