 I had barely knocked on the door before it was open, closed and I was being pinned against it, my hands bound by one of his. I was breathless. "Damn Jenn." 

It had been years since he was in Australia but the slight accent remained and it was the fucking sexiest thing I'd heard. His body was hard on mine, and I could already feel his *ahem* excitement. We locked eyes for a split second before the hand that wasn't keeping me pinned to the door was grabbing my ass as his mouth attacked mine. I met his passion with equal abandon, biting and sucking on his bottom lip while his fingers began to move up my side towards my breasts.

I had been instructed not to wear much. In a skirt that was an inch too short for my liking, a pair of 4 inch wedged heels, a push up bra for my 36-Cs, and a tank top, that was all I was permitted to wear. His mouth left mine and came to my ear. "You're a dirty slut aren't you? You're probably already wet and dripping wanting my cock so badly." He emphasized his words by groping my breast and squeezing the grip on my wrists a little more. I gasped, a little from pain, a lot from lust. His hand came up and gripped my chin a little harder than was necessary, "I asked you a question slut." I knew better than to not answer him quickly but it was hard to think with my pussy throbbing in need. 

"Yes sir." I replied. 

"Yes sir what?" 

"Yes sir, I'm a dirty slut. Your dirty slut." His grip loosened and traveled down to my throat, adding a little pressure, just the way I liked it. 

"Good girl." He let go of my hands and stepped back. "Step forward and present yourself." It was one of the first moves he taught me when I agreed to become his slut. Each meeting I was to interlace my fingers, place them behind my head, spread my legs a little more than hip width apart, and arch my back to put my tits on display. I did as I was told. 

He circled me, first pinching each nipple through the layers of fabric, running his thumb across my bottom lip, tempting me to lick or suck it but I knew better. I stood stock still and tried to slow my rapid breathing. He moved behind me, his hand running down my back, over my ass, to behind my knees and then back up. He reached his hand around my hip, up my skirt and groped my sex pulling my back to his chest. He brought his lips to my ear again. "You did good not wearing any underwear, tell me why you're not allowed to wear underwear slut." 

"So my cunt is available to you whenever you want it." I loved that rule. And hated that rule. I loved when he would make me sit next to him on the bed with my legs wide while watching a movie and I would have to sit there (not so) patiently anticipating when he would touch me. I hated when he would make me spread my legs in public, next to him on a booth or at the movies, he would whisper and tell me to spread my legs, if anyone happened to glance down or back they would see everything I had to offer...and how wet it made me. 

"Yes, that's exactly why." He ran a finger through my soaked slit and brought said finger to my mouth making me suck it clean, I moaned as I did so, I'd always liked the way my sex, well sex in general really, smelled—raw, sensual, hot—but he had taught me to enjoy the taste of it as well...and not just his. He came to my front again leaving me panting for more of his touch. "Kneel." He said. I removed my hands from my head and immediately went to my knees in front of him. The second command I learned. Arms behind my back clasping the opposite elbow, knees spread and me sitting up, eyes up looking at him with anticipation. He slowly, gods he loved to tease me, undid his belt and jeans, lowered the zipper and moments later his cock was in my face, a drip of precum seeping from his slit, I opened my mouth and put my tongue out. He guided his cock into my mouth slowly at first. "Suck." And I did, I finally was allowed to let loose some of my pent up tension and I wrapped my lips around his cock and started to bob up and down, taking as much of his cock down my throat as possible. His hands fisted into my hair and took control; he fucked my face like that for a moment before moving one hand below my chin and down to the top of my throat where he squeezed just enough to make breathing more than a little difficult. My eyes watered but he didn't care, this was for his pleasure not mine. He pulled my mouth down on his cock and held me there as I gagged, for a moment he pulled me off allowed me to catch half a breath, and slammed his cock down my throat again, the next time he pulled me off he pulled me up by my hair and to my feet. "Strip." All I wanted to do was rip my clothes off but I knew that wasn't what he wanted. 

I kept my eyes locked on his while he slowly stroked his hard dick. My fingers went to the hem of my tank top and slowly lifted it up and over, dropping it to the floor. My hands went to the back of my bra and unclasped it. For a moment longer than he probably liked I held it there, allowing the straps to slide down my arms, and then the cups followed suit seconds later. My breasts weren't huge but they were pale perky globes with large, dark areolas, and stiff pink nipples. I licked my lips seductively as I turned, undid the button and zipper on my skirt, bent over and slid it down my legs. Raye growled behind me and before I could straighten back up his hand was back in my hair and he held me in that position. "God your ass is perfect." He said as much as his free hand landed smartly on my right cheek. I gasped as the smack sent electricity to my clit. He evened it out with a smack on my left cheek. I moaned, "Fuck Raye." He repeated the process four times for each cheek until I was gasping and my ass felt like it was on fire. He pulled me up and spun me into his chest, both hands groping my body as his mouth possessed mine again. I pressed myself into him, and ran my nails down his back and ass pulling him closer to me. His cock pressed into my stomach as he moved his lips down my neck and then bit into where my neck and shoulder joined, I cried out, desperate for him to finally touch me. "Please Raye." I begged. 

"Please what slut?" 

"I need you-," I wasn't able to finish the words before he lifted me up and placed me on the bed. I thought he would immediately start fucking me but I was way wrong. He spread my legs, brought my arms to my sides, pinned them there with his hands, while he started attacking my pussy with his mouth. Almost immediately I had to hold off an orgasm. He must have known too because he slowed down considerably. He slowed licked from my opening to my clit where his tongue swirled around and around and then flicked it, teasing me, keeping me on edge and then he was licking and sucking his way back down, fucking my pussy with his tongue, I was writhing under his ministrations but his hands held a firm grip on my wrists, which just heightened the experience all the more. I was spread open for him to feast upon until he had enough. There was no begging or pleading with him when he was eating my pussy. He loved doing it. He was starting to pick the pace back up again and I was getting ready to lose control when all of the sudden he stopped. I groaned, loudly, and immediately started pleading with him not to leave me like this. "Shut up slut, before I gag you." I quieted down to a whimper. "I am going to let one of your wrists go, do not move it. You understand?"

"Yes sir." 

He let go of my wrist and started sucking my clit immediately and then pushed one finger into my dripping cunt and I growled my pleasure. He flicked my clit that he lightly held between his teeth and finger fucked me first slowly then he began to pound my pussy and suck and nibble on my clit. 

"Please can I cum sir?" No answer. "Please...fuck...shit...pleeeeaseeee...holy fucking fuck...god..Raye!"

He slid a second finger into my pussy and simultaneously shook his head yes. I came apart. I bucked and came all over his face while he sucked and finger fucked me. 

"God I love when you cum like that" He said as he crawled up my spent body and brought his lips down on mine. I moaned into his mouth, already wanting to feel him inside me. I could taste my pussy juice on his tongue and lightly sucked on it, he groaned and I knew he was more than ready to fuck me. 

He slid his hand between us and began to rub his cock up and down my slit, coating the head in my juices. I lifted my hips up to meet his and he slowly pushed his way into me, stretching me, filling me...his eyes were filled with lust and desire, I closed my eyes and allowed myself to get lost in feeling every inch of his cock push into me. He grabbed my ass pulling me ever closer to him, and just as he was balls deep, he pulled out and rammed back in, causing me to cry out. My nails dug into his back as I met each thrust. His fingers fisted into the hair at the nape of my neck and he pinned me down to the bed that way again. This is when he got rough. He slapped me across the face and then covered my mouth with his hand, pounding my sweet little cunt. He pulled my hair a little more causing me to arch my back and present my tits which he took full advantage of. He released my mouth, allowing me to catch my breath, and went to torturing my nipples. Pinching and twisting them until tears almost sprung to my eyes, he groped my breasts. 

"This is my tight little cunt slut. You are mine. Say it. Say you're my slut."

"I'm your slut!" He wrapped a hand around my throat, "That's right bitch, this is my pussy, you're my little cock sucking whore aren't you? Aren't you?!" 

"Yes—" I gasped "Sir!" He removed his hand and slapped my face again. 

"Cum all over my dick you fucking whore." And I did, I screamed my release as I felt his cum coat the inside of my pussy. He thrust into my pussy until he was completely spent and then pulled out and stood at the edge of the bed. "Come." I did as I was told and crawled to the edge. "Clean me off slut." I took him down my throat for the second time that night, this time enjoying the taste of our sex on my tongue. 

"Good girl." He stroked my hair. "Such a good little slut. You love spreading your legs for me don't you whore?" I shook my head yes. It was awful but I did. I loved being his slut. I loved being made to crawl to his cock and clean it off, I loved being choked and slapped, I loved the way he used me, punished me, fucked me. 

"Good. Now get home to your husband. I'll see you tomorrow."