 All over 18 consenting adults. A little bit of everything including some light bdsm and ass play. This is my first submission, so please let me know what you think! Xoxo Bern

*****

I want to take you out. 

I want to send you to a salon/spa during the day. Cancel everything. Just hours of you being pampered, massaged. Your hair done, a brand new dress. Makeup, nails, jewelry. Anything and everything you desire to make you feel like the Queen you truly are. 

Then I take you out for a drink at one of those high profile cocktail bars. Everyone sees how fucking gorgeous you are on my arm. Everyone is staring at us - at how perfect you are. We enjoy fancy drinks and flirty conversation. Our hands wander, our tongues dance as we kiss and draw more attention. 

Then we get in a cab and head to dinner. I sneak my hand under your dress in the back seat and play with your juicy pussy. Covering your mouth with my other hand, I finger you to an orgasm as you squirm under my hold. I pull my fingers out of you and holding your face firmly in my other hand, I place my fingers in your warm mouth and have you clean them off. Once you suck your juices off my fingers, I give you a firm slap on the cheek and say "Good girl". 

At dinner, I pull out your chair for you and give you a gentle kiss on the cheek as I move to sit across from you. Everyone is looking at us as the server begins treating us like royalty. We order a bottle of Champagne and enjoy courses of intricate, masterfully executed vegetable dishes. The entire time you're happy, sparkling eyes are driving me to a frenzy. As we are enjoying a tray of tiny, beautiful pastries, your bare foot sneaks up between my legs. As we sip espresso, your foot gently massages my hard cock through my pants. Check please.

Just before the cab reaches our hotel for the night, I cum deep in your throat with your plump red lips wrapped around my cock. As you swallow it down, I smack your ass and whisper "Good girl". We rush upstairs to our luxury suite and put the do not disturb sign on the door. 

I'm putting on some soft music and pouring more champagne. I offer you a glass and we hold each other close, dancing slowly to the music in front of a floor to ceiling window overlooking the entire city. The city is all lit up below us, sparkling like a million diamonds. It's as though we are the King and Queen of all of it. Everything is for us. "I love you." 

I've set out some new lingerie for you in the bathroom. As you come strutting out in the lingerie, you look like a goddess. Just an amazing spectacle of beauty and sex. I suddenly feel the urge to make my Queen feel like a cheap whore. 

I sit down on the sofa and pull you down over my knee. I give you a firm smack on the ass as you pull out my cock like a good girl. Pulling your tiny thong aside, I begin playing with your ass. My other hand is firmly holding the back of your neck as you swallow my cock once again. 

My fingers tease your dripping wet cunt as I fuck your pretty little mouth. My hands caress your smooth skin and the black lace barely covering you. My finger now wet with your juices gently presses against your perfect little asshole. I push my wet finger inside of your warm hole as you moan around my cock. I thrust my hips up into your throat as I finger you. You come up for air, drenching my cock in a slobbery mess of saliva. I grab you by the throat and kiss you deep while I'm teasing your ass. 

You start undoing my neck tie and I forcefully pull you off me and push you face down against the couch. You lift your perfect ass up in the air and I slap each cheek one at a time. Removing my tie now, I pull both your hands behind your back and start tying your wrists together. Your tiny body is so easy for me to hold down and overwhelm. I'm gonna use your body, make you my whore. 

As I pin your chest down against the couch, your ass up in the air, your sweet juices are running down your thighs- soaking into your nylon stockings. I slowly lick your thighs, savoring you. You wriggle a bit and I hold you steady. I bury my face into your cunt, forcing my tongue deep inside of you. My hands, grasping your supple ass cheeks are holding you steady as I French kiss your delicious hole. I run my tongue up and down, sucking gently on your clit as I pass by. My fingers are inside you again and you moan as I toy with you. 

I reach into my pocket and pull out a little butt plug. I put it into my mouth to get it wet and then I continue licking your pussy as I gently place the plug against your tight little ass hole. You moan as I lick your clit and slowly push the plug inside of you. I go slow, teasing you and sucking your clit as little by little it slides in. 

With the plug now firmly in place, I go around to your wet and wanting mouth and give you my hard cock to suck on. As you take me in your mouth, I'm reaching around to finger your cunt, filling all of your holes at once. You're mine. 

I pull my cock from between your lips and grab your face firmly in my hand, kissing you deeply again. "Fuck me. Please. Hard." you whimper. I circle back around you and give you what you want. As I slide my cock inside of your warm, soaking wet cunt, you cry out in relief. I push myself all the way into you, holding your tiny body beneath me- helpless. I grab tightly into your luscious hips as I begin slamming in and out of you. Your hands tied behind your back, your legs curled up underneath you- you cum almost immediately, soaking my cock with more of your juices. 

I lay you down on your side, still with your hands behind your back. I pull my soaking wet cock out of you and bring it up to your mouth so you can taste your cum. You greedily suck the juices off of me as I reach between your legs and push on the butt plug, teasing your hole. I want your pussy again now.

I lift your leg up over my shoulder and straddle your other leg, lining your wet pussy up with my aching cock. I start fucking you again, teasing your breasts with one hand. The other hand is firmly grasping your perfect ass and pulling it back and forth against me as I fuck the shit out of you. I'm getting close to cumming now, and I can feel you tightening around me. I slow down for a bit, making loving eye contact with you as I place two fingers in your mouth to give you something to suck on. I slide my cock in and out of you slowly, so you can feel every inch. You whimper, pleading with me to finish you. You're my gorgeous, needy, little whore. All mine. 

I place my hand around your throat and start squeezing as I fuck you harder. Your loud moan is stifled a bit as I choke you. I squeeze a bit harder as I start fucking you with reckless abandon. My cock is just pounding you. I can feel your cunt tighten around me and I watch your eyes roll back in your head as your orgasm washes you. Holding your throat in one hand, I pull my cock out of you and shower you with my cum. It marks you from your face to your tits, all over your torso and your pussy. Marks you as mine. You collapse beneath me, still shaking from your orgasm. 

I untie you and carry your limp body to the bathroom. I run a warm bubble bath for you as I help you out of the lingerie. You can barely stand. I lift you up in my strong arms and gently lower you into the luxurious water. I slide into the tub behind you and pull you against me, the back of your head against my chest. As we breath deeply and feel each other's pounding heartbeat, I kiss your forehead. I gently run my fingers through your hair and whisper "Good girl".