 Chapter Four: Making the Move

I threw my head back, grunting in frustration. I was over all this tedious, mind-numbing packing. Since returning from our honeymoon to Hawaii, I had been packing up our apartment in preparation for our move into our first house. Dennis had been working late every day at the hospital, exempting him from the dull task.

It also did nothing for our sex life, which was becoming increasingly stressful. I still hadn't told Dennis about my affair with his best friend, Alex, or our wedding bartender, Vince, or the hunky college baseball star, Carter, nor did I have any plans to. I was taking Vince's advice of starting each day a new and not thinking about my transgressions, except when I needed some masturbatory material.

It was becoming apparent that I was a slut, with an uncontrollable lust for cock. While most would claim this behavior was destructive to my marriage, to me, it was keeping it a float. 

When I get sexually frustrated, I'm not exactly the nicest person to be around. I get angry easily and the stupidest things set me off. It was nothing short of a miracle that we survived the engagement sex free. Now, Dennis was always working and when he wasn't, he was too exhausted for sex. By getting my satisfaction from other men, I wasn't my usual ticking time bomb self. If I had abstained, Dennis and I would surely be heading for divorce court by now.

That was how I was justifying everything to myself, but I was barely believing it. A small part of me was ashamed at my wanton behavior; however, another, larger part of me was incredibly turned on by it all.

As I sat against the wall, surrounded by boxes, I thought back to the promiscuous actions and the men who claimed me: Carter and his ferocity as he pounded into me like an animal, Vince and his sweetness as he explored my body freely, and Alex. The situation with Alex was incredibly naughty. He was Dennis's best friend, who walked in on me masturbating to the thought of him, then easily seduced me, fucking me in my martial bed, when my husband wouldn't.

I grew instantly wet at the thought of these men and what they had done to me. I wanted to touch myself, but I knew it wouldn't be enough. The dildo wouldn't do anything for me now, either. What I needed was another man's cock.

I sat against the wall weighing my options. A small voice inside me was screaming at me to stop this madness, to protect the sanctity of marriage, but this voice was suppressed by ever growing craving.

What to do? Decisions. Decisions.

***

I sauntered down two flights of steps to reach my destination. I was hoping he was home, but to be honest, I didn't know how I was going to do this. I had always been seduced into cheating. I never had to seduce someone before and wasn't sure how to go about doing it.

I had dressed in sexy clothes. I was wearing a short white crop top and a short denim skirt. I was braless and in the right light, it was easy to see through the fabric. I had a pair of white, lacy thong panties on, figuring I'd leave a little to the imagination. I kept my long blonde hair down, even though it was hot. I knew he loved my hair like that.

My target was my neighbor Jack, who had had a crush on me since we moved into the apartment. We were good friends and there were many nights that I spent with him when Dennis was unable to keep me company. With Dennis and me moving out this weekend, I figured this was an opportunity to give Jack what he had craved for all those years, as well as fulfill my own sexual desires.

When Jack opened the door, his jaw dropped to the floor at the sight of me. He was speechless as I stood in the doorway, as a coy smile playing across my face. After a good minute, he corrected himself, although he was still a little shocked.

"Liz. Hey. What, uh, what's up?"

"Hey, Jack. How have you been?" I teased, biting my lip.

He ran his hands through his medium length black hair, trying to focus. I knew the sight of me like this was having the desired effect on him.

"Um, good, good. Just sitting here working on some music."

"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to disturb you. I can come back later if you want."

He threw his hands up, signaling me to stop.

"No. No, it's fine. I can take a break for a little. How can I help you?"

I ran my hands through my hair, brushing it to my left side, exposing the right side of my neck. I bit my lip as I pretended to ponder what to ask.

"As you know, Dennis and I are moving out this weekend, so most of our stuff is packed. I stupidly didn't spare the tools and I have to disassemble the dining room table. Would you have a screwdriver I could borrow?"

"Yea. Come on in. I'll see if I can find it."

I followed Jack into his apartment. It was a weird mix of professional and amateur. Jack was an accountant, but at twenty-nine years old, he still had aspirations of being a musician. He played me a few songs before, some of which I was the muse for, and they were pretty good. What was keeping him back was his personality. Jack just wasn't the type to take risks, but I hoped that would change today. I needed it to.

I followed Jack's thin frame into the kitchen. He wasn't athletic like Carter and Alex, nor was he average like Vince. His frame was very similar to Dennis and there wasn't much to it.

What Jack lacked in physicality, he made up in appearance. His hair was a little longer than most men I was interested in, stopping just above his eyes. He had a masculine face, with a strong jawline that led to a prominent chin. His brown eyes contained various shades of brown, with hints of green. They were always so beautiful and I always enjoyed looking at them.

Jack opened a cabinet in the corner of the kitchen, pulling out a grey toolbox. He placed it on the countertop and started rummaging through it. I sat on a stool across from him, leaning forward a little more than usual to show him some cleavage.

His eyes wandered down, taking in the show. I had my hands positioned on the counter, just beneath my breasts to give them a little added push. I heard Jack's breathing catch in his throat for a moment. He swallowed hard, attempting to regain focus and control.

"Uh, what kind of screwdriver did you need?"

"Phillips head, please."

Jack turned back to the toolbox, using it as a distraction. It wasn't enough for him and he had to keep idol conversation going to keep calm.

"So how was the wedding?" he asked, his voice shaking.

"It was lovely. The honeymoon was nice, too. If you ever come visit us, I'll have to show you the pictures."

"Sounds good." In one statement, I had effectively cut off many possible lines of conversation. 

He continued to search in silence, not looking at me. I was enjoying the effect I had on him. I was getting a taste of the power and control the other guys had on me.

"Here ya go," Jack finally said, handing the screwdriver to me.

"Thank you," I said, my fingers gently caressing his as I took the object.

He pulled away quickly and moved to return the toolbox to its proper place. While he did that, I hopped onto the countertop, leaning back slightly to push my breasts up. Jack was stunned when he turned around to see me. 

I smirked at him, my legs crossed in front of me. I wasn't going to play all my cards at once.

"So, are you going to miss me when I go?"

"Of course. But I'll try to visit. And you can always come to see my shows." He smiled sweetly, but he was a bundle of nerves, sweating in anxiety.

"Do you have anything to drink? I'm parched."

"Yea, sure. Anything in particular?" he asked,reaching for a glass.

"Water is fine, thank you."

Jack quickly had a glass of cold water in his hand. I took a gulp, purposely letting some of it spill out of my mouth and onto my shirt. It landed perfectly on my nipple, making it instantly erect.

"Oh, shit."

Jack looked down at my shirt and his eyes nearly fell out of his skull. He licked his lips in appreciation. I had him right where I wanted him.

"Do you like what you see?" I teased.

"Oh, God. I'm sorry, Liz."

I spread my legs open a little, revealing my moistening panties to him. His jaw dropped at my response.

"Don't be, Jack. I like it when men appreciate my body."

"You have an amazing body, Liz," he confessed.

I urged him to come closer to me, beckoning him with my finger. He obediently did as instructed. He stopped between my legs, his face inches from my breasts. My nipples were hard in anticipation of what was to come. If he took the bait, Jack's lips would be clamped down onto them in a matter of minutes.

"You know what I really like, Jack?"

He shook his head, his eyes still wide and eager. His breathing was shallow and his eyes darted between mine and the wet spot on my shirt.

"I really like it when a man physically appreciates my body." I pulled my shirt over my head, completely exposing my tits to Jack. He was in complete shock as he admired my mounds, each adorned with a painfully erect nipple, ready to be sucked and teased. 

I bit my lip, waiting for Jack's response. He just stared, at war with himself over what to do next.

"Wha-what about Dennis?" he finally asked.

"I'm not sitting in front of Dennis topless. I'm sitting in front of you Jack." 

I grabbed his hand, taking one of his fingers into my mouth. I sucked on it like a mini-cock. My tongue twirled around his digit and he groaned in response. After a moment, I removed his finger and ran it down between my breasts, then across to the nipple on my left breast. I used his finger to circle my nipple gently, straining it even further. I moaned lightly at the touch I was commanding.

Jack gasped in surprise at my bold move. He didn't pull his hand away when mine left his. He continued to circle my nipple, mesmerized by what was happening.

I leaned forward to whisper in his ear. My breasts were nearly smashing into his face.

"I know you want them, Jack," I whispered. "Go ahead. They're all yours."

Finally receiving permission, Jack pinched the nipple he had been circling. I squealed in delight as he pulled and twisted it, elongating it further. He mouth latched onto my other breast. He sucked as much of it into his mouth, pulling and tugging while his tongue circled my nipple. 

This was what I had been craving. I arched my back, panting and moaning as Jack gave my body the attention I desperately needed. My fingers threaded through his black hair, pushing him further onto my breast. He focused his mouth on my right nipple sucking and nibbling at it. 

"Your tits are amazing, Liz," he gasped. "You have no idea how long I've wanted to bury my face in them, just like this."

He returned to my breast hungry for more. But I didn't want him to linger there all day.

"If you think these are amazing, wait until you have the rest of me."

Jack pulled away, looking at me puzzled.

"Do you think we should be doing this, Liz? You're married now."

I didn't need him having misgivings, not when we were this close.

I smirked sexily at him, taking his hand and guiding it up my skirt.

"You tell me, Jack." His fingers pressed against the apex of my thighs, which were still covered by the lace panties. Jack gasped as he felt my swollen clit through the barrier. My panties were soaked and he looked at me apprehensively.

"I'm wet because of you, Jack. Because of what you do to me. Now, do you want to stop?"

"No," he said, weakly. His breathing was so ragged, he barely had enough air to say the single word.

I hopped off the counter and removed my skirt, standing in nothing but the thong. I grabbed one of his hands and brought it to my stomach. I looked into his eyes as I led his hand down to the waist and of my panties. I slipped it under and continued to guide his hand to my aching, dripping pussy.

Jack was stunned into silence until his finger grazed my overly sensitive clit. We gasped in pleasure together, but I continued to push his fingers further, until they were at the entrance to my sex. He groaned, feeling how wet and hot I was.

"Liz, you have no idea what I want to do to you," he whispered like he was asking for permission to violate me.

"Show me what you want to do to me, Jack."

Abruptly, he plunged his finger deep inside me. I cried out at the feeling of his invading digit. It felt so good to have something in my pussy, to help relieve the ache growing deep within. 

He thrust into me, slowly at first, but quickly gained speed as desire overtook him. He added another finger and slammed into me with such force I was forced back against the counter.

I threw my head back, moaning wildly as Jack buried his fingers deep inside me. It was a side I had never seen of him but was enjoying tremendously. He continued to plunder my pussy, determined to make me climax. 

With the same determination, I ground my pelvis against his fingers, forcing them deeper. Jack pulled my hair, tilting my head back. His lips found their way to mine as he kissed me passionately. His tongue pushed its way into my mouth, exploring every depth within. 

I whimpered as my body started to give way to an orgasm. My walls clenched against Jack's fingers, causing him to groan against my mouth. A rush of warmth coursed through my body and my juices coated Jack's fingers. I moaned against his mouth, but Jack never stopped kissing me. He became a man obsessed.

When I was spent, I fell back against the counter, my body completely relaxed. Jack withdrew his fingers slowly, leaving an unwanted void in my body. He stared at me as he licked his fingers clean. Instantly I was aroused again.

"Liz, you taste more delicious than I ever imagined." 

I smirked, as fresh desire took hold of my mind.

"Well, why don't we find out how you taste, Jack."

Without waiting for a response, I took his hand and led him to his bedroom. I pushed him down onto the bed and climbed onto of him. I kissed him ferociously, wanting to make sure he was as hard as possible when I took him in my mouth. For added measure, I ground my pelvis into his, feeling his cock between my legs.

I quickly moved down to his waist and unbuttoned his jeans, ripping them down, along with his boxers. In one motion, I freed his cock from its confinement.

"Oh my God," I whispered as I gazed at the largest cock I had ever seen. He was easily eleven inches long and four inches wide. I sat in awe as I stared at the massive member between Jack's legs.

Jack propped himself on his elbows and looked at me.

"Are you going to be okay? I know, it's kinda big."

As he spoke, I licked my lips. I knew I wouldn't be able to get him fully into my mouth, but I was going to enjoy tasting this amazing cock.

My lips descended onto him, parting at his overly sensitive head. I would be giving this part as much attention as I could. Jack groaned and fell back onto the mattress, panting.

I slowly lowered my mouth onto his shaft, accommodating what I could. As I licked my way down, my tongue twisted around his thickness. When I had as much in my mouth as possible, I groaned against his cock. Jack moaned wildly in response.

I traveled back up his shaft and returned my attention to the tip of his cock. I sucked lightly and swirled my tongue around it before trailing down to take more of him inside my mouth.

It became too much for his overly sensitive cock and Jack cried out, shooting a massive load of cum into my mouth. I eagerly swallowed every drop as fast as I could, moaning in enjoyment of the salty cocktail.

When I pulled out, Jack was still rock hard. I had never experienced a man who could keep an erection after blowing his load. I looked up at him, curiously.

"It does that sometimes," he responded nervously.

I smirked at him.

"Perfect. Now I don't have to wait to feel you inside me." I removed my panties and straddled him, but as soon as my leg was over, Jack rolled me onto my back, positioning himself between my legs.

"Trust me, you're going to want me on top."

Jack slid into my waiting pussy slowly, gauging my reaction. I moaned as he filled me, stretching my walls. When it felt like Jack had bottomed out, he kept pushing causing pressure inside of me. He stopped and I looked down to see he had a good three inches to go.

Jack pulled out and I groaned from the loss of his cock. He pushed in again, inciting another moan from me. He was able to go deeper this time. He repeated the process, each time going deeper than before until I finally felt his pelvis against mine.

"God, Liz. You're amazing. No woman has been able to take me entirely inside her the first time."

I moaned, enjoying being so filled.

"Well, let's see what you can do with it."

Jack smirked and picked up his pace. He thrust into me fast, filling me every time. I thrashed my head wildly, having never experienced this feeling before, but loving every second of it. He didn't have to slam into me hard to make me moan. 

It didn't take long for me to reach my orgasm. My body went rigid and my pussy clenched around his cock, spewing more juices from my body. It proved too much for Jack as he stilled and erupted inside of me. I didn't think my body had anymore space to accommodate his load, but it did.

I laid there with Jack's body sprawled on top of me, trying to regain my strength. My breathing was barely existent and my heart was pounding in my ears. I was enjoying this post-coital bliss.

"I love you, Liz."

My eyes shot open in disbelief. He didn't just say that? Please, let me have imagined that.

Jack propped himself up on his elbows, gazing into my eyes.

"I've always had a crush on you, but it wasn't until now that I realized I love you."

Here he was, still inside me, and now he was confessing his love for me. No. This wasn't happening.

"No, Jack. You're confused," I said, trying to right this situation.

Jack smiled, shaking his head. 

"I've never been surer of anything in my life. You were made for me. We're perfect together in every way. I want to be with you, Liz."

"Jack, I can't. You misunderstand."

His face dropped and he pulled out of me. I whimpered from the loss of his cock.

"What do you mean?"

I propped myself up on my elbows, facing Jack. 

"Jack, I'm married to Dennis. I'm his wife."

"But, we just had sex," he stammered.

"And it was amazing. Mind-blowing even."

Jack ran his fingers through his hair trying make sense of all this.

"I don't get it. If you love Dennis, then why did you seduce me?"

I sighed, trying to figure out how to tell him everything that has happened.

"Dennis isn't meeting my sexual needs. He just isn't around enough. So, I've been finding release elsewhere."

Jack stood up, shocked by my confession.

"So, you've done this before? How many times?"

"Three."

"So, what? I'm just another notch on your belt?" He was in full-blown freak out mode.

I stood up, trying to comfort Jack.

"No, it's not like that."

"You used me, Liz," he said with visible pain in his eyes, on his face, and in his voice. "You seduced me for your own personal pleasure, knowing I liked you. I thought we were friends."

I was hurt by his words, but they were so truthful. All this time, I had been thinking of my own needs that I hadn't even considered how my behavior affected the men I was with. 

"I'm sorry," I said, trying to reach out to Jack. He stepped back, his face contorted in anger.

"I need you to leave, Liz. Now."

I didn't argue. I was in no place to do so. I gathered my clothes quickly , got dressed, and left, without another word to Jack.

When I reached my apartment, I crumpled to the floor. What was I doing? This wasn't like me to cheat. The whole idea of it was sexy and erotic, but in practice I was hurting people. Jack hated me and I would be lucky if he didn't tell Dennis. 
