 The doctor had told her it would be two weeks until she could safely frolic again. Although her libido cried foul, her mind was stronger and knew the safety of her womb's new mechanism would make it all worth it. She really couldn't wait to try it out-to not have to use the past precautions. She needed her mouth on him-that seemed to calm her as of late. She had focused all her desire into a scene that played on loop in the back of her mind. 

He knocked on her door and she answered. Before the solid white door closed behind him, their embrace was secured with their lips locked into purrs and growls. She slowly walked backwards, her kiss as the tether, until they were down the hall in her bedroom. The back of her thighs touched the edge of the bed. As clothing became optional, she whispered," I want your calloused fingers inside me." 

He didn't flinch, just nodded. She slipped out of her pants and hopped onto the bed while he followed next to her. His large, masculine hands warmly stroked her body until he found the bald wet mound that craved him with an ache that seemed impossible to sate. She moaned as she continued to kiss on his lips, on his neck, on his chest as her small hands roamed and stroked. His left middle finger entered her and he felt the warm slickness spread down his finger and onto the dorsal side of his hand. She was extremely close and he hadn't even started yet. "You've been thinking about this a lot. I can feel you pulsing." He added his index finger. She jumped by the entry with excited surprise. "You're tight and wet for me-Good Girl." 

She couldn't help it-hearing him call her a "Good Girl" set her off just like it had for years-she had just never shared it. She had released a flood and his fingers' pace had quickened as she clenched against them. She queried in between pleasured breaths. "May I suck you?" 

He nodded while he sternly said," Yes. Suck my dick." 

He relaxed back into her four pillows and let her begin by sucking on the fingers that had just left her body and gaze at him wantonly. She wanted so much more, but all she could quench that moment was her desperate oral need. She kissed the palm of his hand and slipped down his body to lightly caress and kiss his thighs. His cockhead glistened with pre-cum and her tongue swiped it instantly and then went back to his right thigh as it traced designs up to his balls, until her palms were on the top of his thighs and her lips kissed up and down his shaft where her tongue snaked more designs-she had been teasing herself as much as him. She opened her mouth and took him deeply, slowly. She felt the lower half of her body respond. It had been too long. She saturated and sucked him hungrily. She moaned as she slowed her pace and enjoyed every tongue designed suckle of the exquisite piece of him. She was immensely grateful as she came again that he could help her to expunge all the bad thoughts with knotted feelings inside her, to control her release so she wouldn't lose herself entirely. He growled and stroked her hair. "I'm going to fuck you into being a Good Girl again. Right now, show me how badly you need me to help you through this." 

Her pussy pulsed as she bobbed faster, sucked harder, and tongue designed that sweet spot on his shaft. The need within her rolled among her nervous system as he gripped her hair while he spilled into her mouth and throat. As the last of it landed on her tongue, she raised her head off him to open her mouth and reveal the spoils of her efforts. 

"Be a Good Girl and swallow your medicine," he commanded through post orgasmic breaths and touched a large and calloused palm to her face. She obediently complied and went back to licking any remnants she had missed on him. She felt better, but there was still a gnarl of desire. 

She licked his cockhead and looked up at him with the plea in her eyes, as well as her voice," May I have one more?" 

He looked at her sternly, but warmly. "I think I will need to stress how important it is that you need me to guide you to sation. Turn over and put your feet on the floor." He got up and went to her bookcase and got the belt. "I love you so much that this has to be done often. You understand?" 

"Yes," she innocently agreed as she eyed him with her right as he walked back to her and began to belt her a few times. The sting calmed her, made her even more grateful, she spilled juice, and he stopped. 

"You haven't cum yet, but you're close. Maybe my fingers again?" He roughly inserted his middle and ring as his other hand rested at the top of her ass as ground. His thumb pressed at her rosebud and she came with such a force he laughed lightly. "You need to let me know. You need to tell me, Baby, when you hurt like this. I'll give you the right medicine. I will always help you be the Good Girl I know you can be. You just need to tell me." He turned her over and kissed her. "You need more and so do-" 

The phone rang and she jumped back to her office. 

She exhaled deeply to calm and answered the president's secretary. She caught every third word, but got the gist as the call ended. She took a sip of water and then checked her make-up. She breathed deeply a few more times, grabbed her notebook with pen to look studious, and set off for the meeting. 

She focused on the click-clack of her small heels on the shiny tile floor. She looked at her reflection in the large lobby window and saw her black pencil skirt and conservative white blouse confidently stride back at her. Before she knew it, she took a seat at the oak oval table next to her boss in the red tie. The discussion was a contract that she had helped obtain, but her boss had cemented. This was a meeting where the last six months would be reviewed and she would not have to provide any comment. The large window of the dark wooded conference room had the shears drawn closed, but the impending rain storm made itself known with a brief flash of lightning, a slow rumble of thunder. She could not stop her mind from floating into the droplets that lightly tapped the window. . . 

On the large, red four-wheeler they rode into the clearing from the dark tree limbed path. The storm was in the air and the electricity stirred them. The clearing had large, smooth stones in the middle. A fallen tree was to the right. The rain came down in large drops. The summer heat heightened their feverish bodies as he jumped off the four-wheeler and faced her with victory and lust in his crystal blue eyes. She took off her light blue v-neck and removed her 38DD black bra. She hopped off, removed her jean shorts and tossed her clothes in the back rack. Exhaust and hot engine oil only seemed to enhance her excitement as she skipped to center of the clearing to embrace the rain. He watched her as he removed his grey shirt and worn out jeans. She laughed and twirled in the first kiss of downpour. He took her extended left arm and pulled her to him. He kissed her hard as she kissed him deep. He always enjoyed her kisses-hungry and ready for more. They ran their hands up and down each other's bodies in an effort to heighten the consumption of each other. He walked them to an upright yet slanted stone. It seemed sturdy enough to pin her against. Her eyes were emeralds and her kisses promised plenty. He gripped the top of the stone and kissed her again as he rammed into her, just how she liked it. She felt her body grip the intrusion with joy as her hips rose into him. He slammed her lower half into the stone as she began her climaxes, the rhythm found itself like a ceremonial drum pacing a ritual. The rain and thunder seemed to drown out their exclamations and moaning. He pulled her hair back and bit her neck when he thrust deeper and held himself there as her body spasmed around him. He released her and pulled out. Disoriented in the best way, she followed quickly to have him back inside her again. He lay back on the smooth, dark stone that set sideways from the upright one. She mounted him without any thought and felt him reach a different depth of her. She smiled her orgasmic, cock drunk grin as she set a slow pace to tantalize them both to a wicked degree. He gripped her large breasts and thumped her hardened nipples in a way that made her jump the pace. The rain came down harder as he gripped her hips and let himself spill into her as he raised up to meet her mouth with hi- 

"-cur?" her boss with the red tie looked at her seriously. She inhaled and realized her mouth was too dry to speak. She read his body language quickly, deduced an affirmative was needed, so she nodded with a firm look. 

The president and her boss looked relieved. They were all on the same page. All was well. 

Then a division vice president that she had not thought to look at to her left interjected with something that tensed her boss with the red tie. The president didn't wince, but there was an air of "What now?" that rolled throughout the room. She strained to focus on whatever point the division vice president was trying to make. She sat back in her seat and did her best to look engrossed in the discussion, but she could only hear- 

"You need to be fucked. I would take you over this table right now. . . Maybe I need help this time scratching your itch?" he whispered into her left ear as he stood behind her and stroked down her tense back with his index finger. His tall frame towered her as he reached over and opened her white blouse. He fingertipped the border of skin and nude bra cup. "Touching you is extraordinary. I think we should let them experience you." 

Her gaze fell to her left. 

The division vice president with his black dress shirt and yellow tie had a gym rat body and a sad look in his brown eyes that told her he would relish the touch of a woman. He left his seat and sat on the conference table as he opened his pants and released his six and half hard inches. 

"Touch him." His hands left her breasts and went to her back in a warm massage on the outside of her white blouse. 

She obeyed and took a long experienced stroke that gave the division vice president a shudder which sent a splash of pre cum onto her plump red lips. She slowly took the taste on her lips and looked up at the long denied man. He covered her grip with his veined right hand and made the stroke slower. 

"Take him in your mouth slowly." 

She began, but her boss in his red tie against a pale blue dress shirt to her right stopped her to slide her cherry conference room chair back. He removed his red tie then proceeded to knot her wrists with it. His green eyes reassured what occurred next would be for the best. 

"Good Girl, let him help you." 

The division vice president relaxed back perpendicular to her on the conference table and continued to stroke himself. Her boss led her up and leaned her over the table so the stroked phallus was once again hers and eased into her hungry, wet mouth. The scents of soap and balls hit her nostrils as she took it all the way down. "Let him feel how far you can go." 

Her boss slid her pencil skirt up and ripped the wet, blue thong off her. His olive hands rubbed her ass cheeks and then spread them open for the hazel eyed president in his plump, brown suit to survey. The president laughed loudly as he launched himself into her with his six inch wide cock-she gasped with a jump in surprise. 

"Fucking tight isn't she?!" She felt him grip her hair and push her back into rhythm on the division vice president. "Be a slut and do this right." 

Her boss spat on her asshole and inserted his anniversary pen to press into her perineum to add a different pressure to the hostile stride of the president. The sensation made her squirm, so the president spanked her furiously and then continued his pummeling. 

"Do you feel how you have distracted them? You are just an object for release to them just as they are objects for release to you. Equal opportunity achieved." 

The president gritted his teeth and growled as he slammed harder into her sloshy wetness as the cock in her mouth slid out, slapped her face, and then slid back in deep. The gulp of air, pre cum, and spit got louder as did the squish of slick flesh. 

"I like watching them take you. The president is really pissed you interrupted his meeting. The whore scent of you was too much and they just had to have you. They are determined to tear you apart like wolves to a doe." 

He patted her head and then stood up with a gruff announcement. "Rip her up and cum in her deep." 

She felt the pen become a finger that pressed into the flesh barrier that gave an extra nuance to the angry action in her pussy. The thick presidential explosion rocked her into an ejaculatory state of her own. The division vice president pulled away from her and took the president's spot to empty himself into her as well. The division vice president pulled out and her boss ran his cock up and down the dewy crack of her ass until he was ready to cum and once he did, he slammed into her cream filled body and let go. She sucked every dick clean till each man walked back to their seats to continue the meeting. She cock drunkenly gazed into the crystal blue eyes once again as he untied her and tossed the red tie back to her boss. He kissed her forehead and whispered," You are still my Good Girl who just needs her medicine." She slipped away from him and back to her seat as a vibrant flash of lightning- 

"Dammit!" yelled the division vice president as the room went black and the storm raged outside. "There's a slide we need to look at for the quarterly alliance meeting." 

"Neil, calm down. I'm sure the backup generator will come on any minute. Besides, the quarterly alliance meeting is still two months away," her boss with the red tie serenely stated to help provide order into the meeting that chaotically had gone astray thanks to Alan's monologue on capacity planning. 

"Theodore, this discussion needs to be ironed out now-," Neil spat back until he was talked over. 

"Bree, would you say the capacity planning is sound for the quarterly alliance meeting?" the president inquired to close the subject completely. 

She cleared her throat and used the darkness to compose herself. The lightning blinded her as she turned to the president's dark outline and steadily agreed with, "Very sound." 

"Then gentlemen, we have nothing more to discuss," the president said as he stood up with regal presence punctuated by the flare and harshness of the lightning. He walked out of the room and into the dimly lit hallway as the emergency lights struggled to come on. Neil chased after him with exasperated haste. 

She followed Theodore out. The lower half of her body craved harder than before. 

"You held yourself well in there. I know Neil annoys the hell out of you," Theodore stated before she excused herself to the lobby ladies' room. 

She needed- 

"Release, Baby, let me give it to you. Let's get all of it out of you," he said as he took her hand and pulled her into the handicap stall and locked it behind her. The emergency light was extremely faint, but she could still see his large build kneel before her and lift her skirt up. His cold nose in her warm folds just accentuated her rush to release. She felt his tongue hit her clit and she lost it. She pushed her pussy into his face as she pulled his head toward her. He lightly bit her sensitive flesh as she rolled with multiples. She gripped the steel handicap bar with both hands and pushed her hips out as she rode his face. Her clit brushed his balding head and he sucked at her vaginal opening, hungry for her juice. He pulled back and moved his left index finger in and out of her quickly. She felt the prime with ecstasy as he inserted the same finger into her ass and continued the previous sucking. She moaned and cried out as the thunder, again, drowned her out. She ran her hands over his tanned balding head and came one more- 

The lights came back on and she kept her left palm tightly over her mouth as she ejaculated into the toilet and slowly rubbed her clitoris to the orgasmic taper off. She removed her hands and exhaled deeply. She smiled and wiped herself. She needed to see him soon. It had been too long. As she made herself appropriate again, flushed, and strolled to the sink to wash her hands, she gazed into the mirror and saw his countenance in a smile behind her. 

He put his hands over her hands to help her wash them. "You are just a Good Girl who needs her medicine. All you have to do is tell me that you need me to help you." 

It was going to be a very long two weeks.