 I met Brooke through a dating website. Her photo caught my eye, she had great curves, beautiful eyes, and a sweet knock-out of a smile. We had messaged back and forth for a couple of weeks, she was a single mom, had lost a lot of weight after a divorce a year earlier, and she wasn't sure what she was looking for relationship wise. She went to church every Sunday and seemed to be pretty serious about expressing to me that she was a 'good girl' and most definitely a Christian. She had a very all-American girl look about her and we clicked really well, so I was really looking forward to meeting her. I asked her if she wanted to finally meet and grab dinner and a movie. Brooke was interested and so we set our date. 

When I pulled up outside of Brooke's place she came out almost immediately. She was sporting a form fitting white T over a pair of jeans that looked like they were custom made for her and a pair of well worn cowboy boots. I couldn't help but notice an over-sized belt buckle with a white cross on it as she approached my truck. Brooke opened the door and jumped in with a big smile on her face. 

"It's great to finally meet you, I've been looking forward to it all week!" I said. 

"That's sweet of you, me too actually. I've been kind of nervous all day" She replied kind of biting her lip. 

We drove off to this place that was a great combination of gourmet country kitsch and big city dive bar for a great dinner and some cold longnecks. I didn't think she would join me for a beer but she actually seemed interested in a cold one the minute we sat down. The conversation was great and we ended up shooting a game of pool and having another couple of beers after we ate instead of heading right out for the movie. 

After Brooke managed to kick my ass in pool I asked if she was interested in checking out that movie. Brooke quickly replied that she would rather watch a movie in at my place with a few more beers. It sounded good to me and I already had beers waiting in the fridge, so we took off. 

After cracking a couple of beers at my place I had to have a cigarette. I usually don't smoke on a date, but I was starting to feel the beers and I was fiending pretty badly. I asked Brooke to forgive my need for a smoke, I hadn't really mentioned it through our messaging online. Brooke laughed and quickly produced a pack of Marlboro Lights from her purse. I was actually quite surprised, but I was glad she was in the smoker's club as well. It took a lot of pressure off. 

The conversation came easily and smoke and music filled the room as we steadily emptied bottle after bottle. I finally leaned in a began to lightly nibble on Brooke's beautiful bottom lip which led to her tongue playfully pushing things further into some passionate deep kisses. After several minutes (that felt like hours) she came up for air and pulled away slightly. 

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to move too fast for the first date or anything....I just couldn't resist your lips any more." I confessed. 

Brooke smiled that great smile of hers and said, "No problem at, I'm really glad we got that first kiss out of the way, you're a great kisser you know?"

"Thanks, it takes two there cowgirl" 

"Ha, well do you want another beer?" Brooke asked.

"Sure" I said as I watched her hips sway while she walked toward the kitchen. When Brooke returned with two fresh beers she handed me mine and proceeded to sit right down on my lap. To my slight embarrassment she sat her ass down on the growing bulge in my jeans that the recent kissing session had brought on. I blushed as I took a tug off of my beer.

"Oh really now?!" Brooke said surprised. I nodded with a sheepish look on my face.

"Well I guess that means this is a good first date, huh?" She asked.

"I would have to say so" I replied. Brooke leaned picked up where we had left off. As we kissed I decided to see how good of a first date this would end up being and slowly slid my hand up the inside of her thigh only to discover that the further up my hand went, the more I could feel heat emanating from Brooke's 'good girl' pussy. Brooke kissed me deeper and let out a little moan of approval. To which I responded by unbuckling that aforementioned belt buckle and unbuttoning her button fly jeans only to discover that Brooke wasn't wearing any panties at all and was sporting a clean shaven kitty without any tanlines. My mind pretty much blown, I picked Brooke up and held her up against the wall as she wrapped her legs around my waist and I began to push her shirt up.

As Brooke tossed her white T-shirt on the floor I carried her into my bedroom and tossed her onto the bed before starting to pull her cowboy boots off. Once I had her boots off Brooke pushed me away from the bed and then popped up on all fours on the bed smiling as she stared at the fly of my jeans.

"C'mere, I wanna see something" Brooke said in a much sultrier tone that she had exhibited thus far on the date. I took a step or to toward her and Brooke reached out and made quick work of undoing my belt and fly letting my jeans drop around my ankles. She swiftly yanked my boxers which sent my hard cock bouncing all over the place and then back to its upward facing position of attention.

Brooke began kissing the head of my hard on looking up at me the whole time. She wrapped a hand around my shaft and stroked slowly as she moved it aside just enough to get a mouthful of my balls; never breaking eye contact once. Brooke seemed to have a moment of self consciousness when she asked me to turn out the light and 'get my cock back over there.'

When I stepped away to flip off the light switch Brooke quickly shed the rest of her clothes and resumed her position on the bed on her hands and knees. As Brooke wrapped her lips around the head of my cock I let my eyes gaze on her naked body in the low light. She was beautiful, curvy, very much a woman and I was willing to bet that even before she lost the weight that she was equally as beautiful sans clothing as she was in that moment.

Brooke let my cock escape from her mouth and she rolled over onto her back letting her head hang slightly off the bed in front of me and spreading her legs ever so willingly.

"Will you fuck my mouth, please" she gasped.

I guided my cock into her hungry mouth and found that I could stroke almost my entire length into her mouth as the relaxed her throat and moaned. As I slowly began to fuck her throat I leaned forward to be able to taste her bald and glistening kitty. As my mouth filled with her pussy and my tongue explored her dripping hole I could feel her lips tighten around my cock and her tongue begin to swirl. I was so light headed, the world seemed to spin as we enjoyed each other. Our tempo quickened and in no time we were both on the verge of intense orgasm, it was then that I felt Brooke's nails dig into my skin as she forced me balls deep into her mouth and we both exploded into the loud and sweaty throes of incredible orgasm. Brooke and I filled each others mouths with cum and neither of us seemed willing to let a drop go.

As we came back to reality and lay holding each other on the bed I smiled and said, "Wow, I wasn't quite expecting that tonight. You are incredible!"

Brooke smiled and asked "Sooo, are you alright with me staying tonight?"

"Hell yes!" I answered, "but on one condition, we get to do that at least one more time!" 

"Oh yeah?!" she laughed, "I'll do you one better!"

Brooke suddenly jumped up and disappeared into the other room coming back with her purse. She lit a smoke for both of us and sat back on the bad. 

"Well, since things have gotten off to such a good start I guess I can let you in on one of my secrets, can't I?" Brooke asked.

"Yeah, I'm game. What is it?" 

"Good Ass Lovin'!" She exclaimed with a playful bit of a country girl twang.

"Say what?" I asked

"I guess I have kind of a fettish, if you can call it that. I really want to feel your cock in my ass. Are you cool with that?" Brooke inquired.

"Am I? Absolutely, I would fucking love that!" I quickly responded. 

"Ah, just one more thing though" She said as the stubbed out her smoke and reached for her purse. Brooke reached in and produced a little egg vibrator wired with a remote control. 

"You might just get to play with the remote for this too!" Brooke purred as she inserted the vibrator into her sopping wet gash and reached for my cock again. 

"Up and at'em stud" She laughed and playfully began licking my already stiffening rod. I could hear the sound of the vibrator coming to life inside her. Brooke used her tongue to bring me back to full strength and then told me to stand at the side of the bed as she positioned herself on all fours again. I quickly got to my feet at the side of the bed and turned to see Brooke presenting herself to me. Her pussy was quivering and dripping wet and just above that gorgeous pussy was her perfectly puckered asshole awaiting my engorged cock. 

I grabbed a bottle of lube that I had in the bedside table and lightly dripped it across her ass. Once I had a finger coated in it I slowly slid it inside her ass until I could feel her relax slightly. 

"No more fingers!" she said, "I want that cock, fuck the warm up."

Not wanting to disappoint I quickly lubed up my cock and positioned the head just barely touching her asshole. Brooke shifted her hips spreading her ass open just that much more and I answered by slipping just the head inside her incredibly tight ass. I paused just for a second to enjoy how amazing it felt and before I could even think I could feel Brooke crank up the speed on her vibrator and slam herself toward me taking every inch of my rod inside her gorgeous ass and hold it there. Brooke let out a deep moan and I could feel her pussy dripping all over my balls as her ass tightened around the length of my shaft. 

Brooke reached over and grabbed the pillows from the head of the bed and jammed them under her hips. She clenched her ass and brought me forward with her as she relaxed and placed her weight on the pillows. Her ass in the air she looked back at me and said, "Fuck my ass as hard as you can. Please yourself, I want to feel you cum in my ass.....pleeease?"

I wasted no time grabbing a handful of her hair with one hand and guiding her ample ass with the other. I began giving her full strokes for the first few, nearly pulling out only to be fully buried in her ass again the next second. When I began really stretching her and slamming it in her ass she reached back and slipped the vibrator remote into my hand that was on her hip. Brooke then grabbed a handful of mattress with both hands and completely gave herself over to me meeting me with each stroke making sure that she got every last inch over and over again. Both Brooke and I gave into the incredible feeling and filled the room with the sounds of unbridled, animalistic, fucking leading up that final release. Soon enough I decided to put the vibrator on full blast, dropped the remote and grabbed her hips with both hands and full-on fucked her ass until I filled her with another load of cum.

We again collapsed on the bed left with only the sound of the vibrator, our breathing, and the music from the next room. Brooke lay there quivering as she slowly reached over and turned off the vibrator. She reached her arm upward around my neck and pulled me in for a sweet little kiss.

"Now THAT, is what I call 'good ass lovin'" Brooke laughed. 

I couldn't have agreed more.