 It was rainy and dark. Jessica's feet hurt from walking too far in stiletto boots but she didn't want her husband to hear the car. She swore at herself, irritated with the decision to walk as she tugged at her too short skirt. This is so stupid, she thought to herself. She felt like a whore but without having done anything yet. She just hoped to god that he looked like his picture...

Jason sat at the bar trying not to sip his third beer. He didn't want his date to think he was a drunk or something and he was hoping they would soon be driving somewhere. His ass hurt on from the small hard stool he was perched upon. He'd been an hour early because of daylight savings, oh well. He sipped his beer in spite of his intentions hoping to god she looks like her picture.

Better. Jason saw Jessica as she walked in. The quizzical concern on her face as she scanned the bar for a stranger gave her away. Despite the rain soaked hair and the runny make up, she was so much prettier than her picture. She took off her jacket. The weather had soaked her clean through, making her blouse cling to her like a second skin, nipples popping like they were trying to escape. She was so hot, he thought, all curves and self-consciousness, unaware. Obviously a nice girl on her first cyber encounter. He stirred in his pants. 7 years in a sexless marriage had him restless.

Better. Jessica scanned the room upon her entrance, took off her wet coat. She felt warmer without it. Her eyes rested upon a nice looking fellow with a kind face who looked some how kind of like the man whose picture she's seen on her email. He was way hotter, though, taller, chiseled features, almost movie-star-like, must not be from around here. 

He slid off of his bar stool and extended a hand "Jason" he said in a deep, throaty voice that weakened her knees, quickened her pulse. She smiled, speechless, turned on. 10 years without sex is a long time and this man had the nicest lips she'd ever seen. She lowered her eyes and whispered her name back to him, "Jessica," she said.

Gently, he guided her to the bar. He walked behind her noticing tight ass and shapely legs  - this'll be good, he thought. She slid onto the barstool. He could see she was noy wearing panties. His heart rate increased. She looked at his jeans, they fit him well, showing just enough of what he had to offer and it all looked good. He stood close to her with his hand on her back she straightened up but didn't move away. He looked down her drying blouse, at least two D's he thought, stood closer, sliding his hand to her waist. She didn't stop him.

 He asked what she wanted to drink she ordered a shot of tequila and with a beer back. "My kind of girl," he said. She turned to smile at him and he was overcome. He went right for it and kissed her slowly deeply, she returned the action with passion. Tongues twining and exploring. She ran her hands up his t-shirted chest - oh, my, she thought, all cut and muscly - he felt so good under her hands, just to touch a man made her so hot she forgot that she was in public making out with a stranger before she'd even had a sip of a drink. 

His lips were soft and strong, easily mistaken for loving. She found her self spreading her legs and shuddering. He took her in his arms, ran his hands allover her torso, trying not to do what her really wanted to do. When she wrapped her legs around him, he almost lost his mind. 

"Let's get out of here," he whispered in her ear. She broke away and nodded. They ran out into the rain. He took her in his arms, kissing her, not editing his hands, he slid one into her blouse kneading her warm soft breast - it felt so nice he though he'd explode - she gasped and shuddered as her teased her nipple and sliped his other hand up her thigh and under her skirt, she didn't stop him. 

He felt so good to her that she ripped at his t-shirt till it shredded and he was standing there making out with her in the rain in front of the bar, bare-chested, shirt shredded. She grabbed at the buckle to his pants as he pulled her blouse off entirely, scooped her breasts out of her bra, watching the rain trickle and spread across them for a moment before he bent down and sucked on a nipple. It felt so good in his mouth. She swooned. He moved her so that she could lean on the hood of a car. She was unaware of anything but sensation at this point and let him suck her tit right there in the parking lot as he slid his hand under her skirt and played with the outside of her pussy just a little bit. 

She was so wet, she wanted him to just hurry up and put something inside her but she was also enjoying the tease. He spread the labia with his middle finger and began to stoke her clit ever so gently while he still sucked on her tit. She was gasping for air, she started to shake with excitement but he wouldn't let her undo his belt. She wanted to see his dick so badly. "Please fuck me," she finally uttered. He heard her but ignored it, kissing her in the mouth once more as he slid 2 fingers inside her soft, tight super wet pussy. They both groaned at the sensation he kept kissing her as he gently pumped his hand in and out of her teasing her clit with his thumb. She gasped and grunted, shook and begged for more. "Harder" she whispered, but he stayed gentle, twisting his wrist and going deeper with every thrust, his hand was covered in her juices.

Once again she grabbed for his dick, she wanted to see it she wanted to touch it, she wanted to suck it, fuck it.   But he dodged and kept working her a little harder now, a little faster now and she rocked her hips to get his hand deeper inside,  tightening her pussy muscles around it. He had 4 fingers inside her by now and she was fucking the hell out of his hand gasping "I need it I need it I need it!" Finally, he pulled his hand out, knelt before her in the mud, spread her pulsing labia, stuck out his tongue and liked her end to end - she hadn't felt anything like that her whole marriage - "OH MY GOD!" she cried as he took her clit between his lips and sucked it like candy, teased it with his tongue and returned his fingers to the inside of her pussy. She gasped and screamed and hollered and bucked, tying to get more of his face and hand inside of her. He's never tasted any thing so wet and clean in his life she was cumming all over his tongue and he loved every minute of it. 

Finally, he stood up and unbuttoned his jeans. She sat up breathless. He dropped trou and unfurled his gorgeous, thick, long, mushroom head cock. She'd never seen anything like it and immediately fell upon it with her mouth like a starved beast. She ran her tongue around the rim and up the shaft and across the head, flicking the little hole, inhaling the whole thing and bobbing her head up and down, she reached underneath his balls and stoked him there, she grabbed his ass for leverage. He leaned back a bit eyes rolling back into his skull with pleasure stroked her wet, plastered hair. "God this good!" He uttered, as she did this butterfly thing with her tongue on his cock while she sucked and stroked and deep throated him. "O-o-o-o-oH!" he cried out, moving his hips. 

Then, as suddenly and she had started, she stopped, popped her head up and looked him in the eye "Fuck me with it," she said calmly, quietly, more like a request than a command. He looked at her, smiled, stroked her leg, and then flipped her over so she was bent over the car ass up. He shoved his full cock deep inside her tight wet little pussy. If she hadn't been so wet, it would've been too tight a fit to get in there so suddenly. But she was juicy from their activities and ripe for the fucking. So, he did. She yelped at first but allowed herself to relax. Her pussy grabbed that dick real tight and was not letting go. He started to fuck her softly and she begged for more angling her hips to help him along so he fucked her harder, she took it and said "More." 

He fucked her harder and harder, slapping her ass with his hands and his balls in the rain, howling like a beast and feeling so very very good. She was howling too, more harder, more harder, more harder. She reached back and wrapped 2 fingers around the base of his dick to feel him go in and out of her. This turned him on so much that  his dick got thicker and longer making her scream in ecstasy, tits slapping across the wet hood of the car. She was cumming so hard now,  her legs up around his waist and he was pounding her with all his might and years of pent up frustration. 

She could feel that was he about to cum and  screamed, "pullout pull out pull out!"  He hated to do it she was so good and tight. "Oh my god you feel so good so good so good!" she said, "Pull out!" He was just about to blow, he wrenched his boiling cock out of her pussy just in time to shoot geyser like loads all over her pretty round ass. All that cum got washed away by the rain and onto the hood of the car. He crashed on top of her, spent an exhausted. "Thank you" she said and they both went to sleep...