 Jack felt frustrated because his girlfriend did not want to have early morning sex with him before she went to work. At thirty-five years old his sex drive was still interminable as an average teenager, if not insatiable. They had sex frequently and last night was enough for her, since at six-thirty in the morning she still felt sore. June complained he was too rough with her last night in that he fucked her too hard and she needed more time to recover. She ignored his request for a blow job, and left shortly thereafter to teach a class at the local community college. 

Jack felt delighted to spend the first Monday of his vacation in bed, and planned to remain there until noon, if not longer. At seven-thirty he sat back on the king-sized waterbed masturbating while watching a porno movie entitled, Dirty Debutantes. He heard the shower running in the adjoining master bathroom and knew it was June's eighteen year old daughter, Katy, so he kept the volume low knowing she had to head for school soon, which would giver him free reign for a short while. 

His mind drifted to thoughts of Katy taking a shower. As a normal man living with a blossoming eighteen year old flower, he had detailed fantasies about her wearing a cheerleader outfit or a short skirt or a bikini or her mother's evening gown, and assumed such thoughts go through the minds of all 'older' men who had to contend with a girlfriend's beautiful daughter. He envisioned the water cascading down her long brown hair, across her firm breasts, and taught belly, dripping onto her soft thighs. And how she would, at that very moment, lather her smooth skin with thick body soap, perhaps touching herself while she showered. 

The porno film progressed to a scene where a well hung black man stood playing with himself in front of a pretty young armature woman who had her eyes covered with her hands. The director said, "It's nothing bad, Jenny, it is just something you probably have never seen before." The pudgy cameraman asked her to remove her hands from her eyes, and she was confronted by a large engorged penis dangling in front of her face; the camera captured an authentic look of surprise and curiosity, followed by comments about its length and thickness before she went down on him. 

Jack heard the shower turn off, so he muted the sound thinking she would soon retire to her bedroom, and then off she would go to class. He was turned on by the flick, and continued to masturbate while watching this naive actress expertly suck on Jake's dick. Then, the phone rang and surprised the hell out of him. Before it rang another time the bathroom door slammed open and a buck-naked Katy sprang into the room heading for the phone. 

She noticed Jack and stopped dead in her tracks. They both were equally startled at each others presence. Katy stood there looking at Jack, his dick in hand at mid-stroke. She thought he looked so vulnerable, exposed and dumbfounded. Glancing at the porno movie on the six-foot screen for a moment, instinctively covering her genital with both hands, the captivating high school senior fixated her eyes on Jack's erect member. 

While slowly retreating back into the bathroom Katy said, "Fuck, Jack, I thought you went to work!" The phone continued to ring. She said, "Can you get that? I'm expecting a call from Shawna, who is supposed to pick me up for school." Jack didn't say anything, but he pulled a sheet across his midsection, leaned over and answered the phone. 

He said, "Hang on Shawna. She will be with you in just a moment," and put the receiver down on the night table. 

Katy came back into the bedroom, her body covered by a large beach towel wrapped around her ample chest. Her hair was dripping wet, and Jack noticed that the towel barely covered her tight ass, since he could see her thighs were still dripping wet. She carried a smaller towel, and while she gracefully walked to the phone she wrapped the towel around her hair, forming it into a turban. This was unexpected in that he assumed she would take the call downstairs.

It all happened so fast Jack forgot about the movie. He said, "Shit," and his slick hands fumbled about the waterbed looking for the remote control. 

Katy could see what he was doing-- trying to turn off the muted porno flick-- and said as she picked up the phone, "Leave it on, if you would; it looks... interesting." 

On the big screen the young teen lay on her back while Jake inserted his curved dick into her marshy pussy, and the expression on the girls face was that of stupefaction mixed with pleasure. 

Katy said, "Shawna thanks for calling." 

A muffled response from Shawna, and then Katy excitedly replied, "I just walked in on my mom's boyfriend naked and jerking off, not knowing he was home." This was followed by another whispered reply Jack could not discern. She said louder, "Yeah, he caught me nude while making a b-line for the phone." 

He could barely made out Shawna's reply: "Did he like seeing your body naked?" 

Katy said to Jack inquisitively, "She wants to know if you though my body was hot?" The energetic teen stood tapping her foot, hovering above his right shoulder, switching her grip on the phone. 

"I really didn't get a good look... since we both were startled and all, " he said. 

Katy laughed and told Shawna, "He said he wanted to get a better look at me, but I saw him, too, and he was jerking off like a champ!" 

Feeling concerned about Katy would say such a thing to her friend, Jack waited for her to get off the phone and leave so he could tend to business, thinking what had transpired would most certainly enter into his pool of erotic fantasia. He could hear what sounded like laughter, and another garbled question from Shawna. 

Katy replied enthusiastically, "Frigging huge, Shawna... you would not believe how big it is, my god. It's the biggest one I've ever seen." 

Jack again glanced up and saw Katy smiling, staring at his bulge through the sheet. He felt even more naked now because he couldn't cover up any further, other than putting a pillow over his genitalia, so he looked down to see what she could see. Although his hard-on lay flat across his belly, the sheet outlined it pretty well. 

"Come on, Katy, don't talk to your friend like that... I feel embarrassed," he admonished.

Katy placed her hand over the receiver and said to Jack quietly, "With a cock like that you have nothing to be embarrassed about." She removed her hand and said to Shawna, "Anyway, how was your date with Rob last night?" They fell into small talk as teens often do. 

While Shawna was talking, Katy cupped the receiver again and said, "I'm sorry I interrupted you; go ahead and jerk off if you want to. I don't mind." Staring at the sheer cotton sheet she continued her conversation with Shawna. "I hated that movie! It was so boring... did Rob try to kiss you after he put his arm around you? I knew he would." 

He was amused by how inconsequential Katy was acting, and wondered if he did masturbate in front of her whether she would tell her mom. So, he placed his hands behind his back and thought about the situation. Of course, he really wanted to jerk off in front of this delectable girl because the proposition really turned him on; to see the expression on Katy's face when he copped-a-nut. 

Again, Katy motioned to Jack to pull down the sheet while she was talking. She slid the phone down to mute it in her towel for a brief moment. "Go ahead... I won't tell!" Returning her partial attention back to Shauna, she continued, "So are you going to see him this weekend? Maybe you want to spend more time with him?" 

Jack didn't feel comfortable, so he took no action. He looked down and could see his hard dick, which seemed harder than ever, throbbing against his belly through the thin white veil, which was twitching now ever so slightly. 

After another minute of small talk Katy put her hand over the receiver and said, "I want to watch you jerk that big cock! What do I have to say to convince you I won't say anything?" She frowned and kicked the bed post. Impatiently, she rolled her eyes back, and motioned him to remove the sheet and go at it already. With no response, Katy grasp her towel and let it drop to the floor, thinking that if he could see her naked he most certainly would realize she wasn't going to say anything to her mother. She said to Shauna, "I think Bill and I are going to Tyrone's party on Saturday. You and Rob should come with us." 

Amazed at this new development, Jack could blatantly see how confident Katy was about her tone body. After the towel dropped away she stood there as if it were nothing. The girl continued to talk with Shawna as if he were not lying there with an erection, the erotic movie zooming into a doggie-style penetration. It was as if she were merely in casual conversation with her girlfriend, not standing there naked before him. He turned and looked at her breasts, which were average in size, but had such pretty pink aureola, her perky nipples standing out a good half-inch. Upon closer inspection, she was flushed around her neck, and her midsection was hard as a rock. Katy gave him eye contact as if to say, 'Go ahead and check me out because I am proud of my hot young body.'

"Tina is such a slut. I hope she doesn't go..." she motioned to Jack to please reveal himself since she exposed herself for him. She continued, "I think she wears way too much make-up, Girlfriend." 

Tentatively, Jack lowered the sheet, and then decidedly pulled it completely off of his body. His cock lay stretched out three inches above his belly button, but he didn't touch it. Instead, he looked at Katy's face, her eyes taking in his naked body. 

After looking at his muscular body for a while, Katy turned her back to him and firmly grabbed her ass cheek with her free hand, showing him a glimmer of her pussy, followed by a light self-spank on her fleshy tush. The unabashed young woman turned back to catch Jack's expression of frustrated virility. She could tell he wanted to reach out and grab her tight ass himself, which was of no surprise since she knew how he looked at her in a swimsuit. 

Katy smiled gleefully, and whispered while pointing across the bed, "Lube it up and let me see you stroke it." 

She watched while babbling to Shawna over the phone, as Jack squirted clear lubricant onto his dick and began to massage himself with both hands. She thought she had never seen such a beautiful cock before, with such a thick shaft and crowned by a perfectly mushroom-shaped head. Katy was really turned on now, and found it increasingly difficult to follow her conversation with Shawna. So, she lifted the phone over her head for a moment and said, "You are even bigger than that porno stud," pointing to the image of the black man pounding the petite Italian girl. "What a wonderful cock you have, Jack," she proclaimed with certainty before returning to her conversation. 

It seemed his ability to reason was gone, that passion had taken precedence over judgment. Jack slowly stroked his cock, clasping it at the base and squeezing it hard so Katy could see his straining erection. It felt so strange, her watching him so intensely while he jerked off, whereas she barely gave him eye contact at all last night during dinner. Out of the corner of his eye he noticed Katy had dropped her hand to her pussy and gently prodded her outer labia with a practiced hand, her exhalations increasing with each breath. 

"Are you going to let Rob fuck the shit out of you this weekend," Katy asked as if excited about their topic of conversation. She massaged her labia and clitoris using determined strokes of her long manicured fingers. "God, he is so cute I'd sure like to fuck him, Shawna, if you don't." Without realizing that she also spoke into the phone, she panted, "Fuck, you have the most beautiful fat cock." Shawna's muted response compelled Katy to correct herself, "I said I bet Rob has a beautiful fat cock." Jack turned his head so he could watch two of her fingers disappear into her wet frothing pussy. 

While still holding the mouthpiece Katy shifted the base of the house phone to the side of the bed and gracefully jumped onto Jack's abdomen. She sat there looking down at him, who, in turn, looked back up at her, leering through the cleavage her well-shaped breasts. She did her best to sound matter of fact, but her emotions came through none the less. "No, I doubt I will bring any beer to the party. I do plan to bring a covered dish, though." 

Jack sat up and licked her nipples and felt her free hand fall behind her ass to stroke his well-lubricated cock, pushing his throbbing member gently against her ass cheeks. He felt her hand on his balls, moving upward to stroke the head of his cock ever so softly. She felt Jack press both hands between her thighs, spreading them apart, slowly stroked her now accessible clitoris with slick fingertips in a fluid motion, as if lightly plucking a banjo, evoking an involuntary crossing of her sensual eyes. 

Katy said into the phone, "I don't know I was thinking about..." interrupting her thoughts with a loud moan in response to Jack's well-practiced touch. "Oooohhhh fuck... potato salad." 

Shawna asked, "That was a hell of a moan; are you playing with yourself again, Girlfriend?" 

Katy quickly responded, "I am getting a little worked up thinking about the boys and the covered dishes, for some reason." She rubbed the head of Jack's cock around her pussy lips, while Jack continued to stroke her clitoris rhythmically. "Tell me more about how you let Rob suck on your big tits." She placed the head of his massive prick into her pussy and grunted another loud moan, "Holy shit. That feels so fucking big!" 

Shawna asked, "Does this qualify as phone sex? You do realize I don't want to have phone sex with you, you know."

Katy replied, "It's only phone sex if you are touching yourself, too. So, tell me more about... Rob... while I get myself off." She slowly lowered herself onto Jack's long penis, taking him all the way in to her core in one slow stroke, and then rested there feeling fully impaled. After a moment listening to Shawna, she said panting heavily, "Fuck, I hope he pushes his huge cock deep inside of you and rubs your clit with his thumbs while you ride him slowly up and down." Katy gasped in pleasure while she raised and lowered herself upon him. 

Shawna said, "Man, you sure sound turned on over there. I have never heard you talk so descriptively about sex before." 

Katy put the phone down beside her and plowed into Jack's cock as if her life depended on it. She hopped up and down on him like she did while sitting in the back of the school bus on a bumpy road a few short years ago, without letting him fall out once. Feeling like the vixen she knew she was, she let his dick penetrate deep, the huge cock-head now buried in her belly; each smooth stroke feeling decant and wicked. She felt so good feeling bad, now fucking her mothers' boyfriend with just a slight tinge of guilt, remembering how she could hear Jack and her mom fucking passionately, their lovemaking breaching the evening silence through the adjoining bedroom wall. 

She noticed Jack was groaning quietly so as to not be heard over the phone, and realized her conversation was a detraction. Coming closer and closer to climax she grabbed the phone and screamed, "Shawna, pick me up in a half hour." Her attempt to catch the cradle reminded her of trying to catch a ring on a fast-paced merry-go-round. She missed her mark and the phone careened behind the bed. "Fuck, Jack, your dick feels fantastic deep inside of me. God, it such a fat dick... I love how it feels. You are going to make me come, Jack. It's so fucking big!" 

Amazed at how well Katy controlled her body, thrashing herself up and down and bucking like a Philly out of control, he took in her giddy response, as he firmly squeezed her breasts, then grasped her hips to support her fluid motion. He thought how surprisingly sensual Katy was in bed; not at all the cold fish he imagined her to be. And how naturally good she was at sex, too. The former gymnast spun around while keeping his dick inside of her. She pounded her ass up and down in reverse-cowboy position, the force of her frenzy now compelling his balls to smack hard against her clit. The waterbed rocked into motion comparable to a pleasure-craft in high seas, thrusting down on him in coordination with the increasing wave action. He took advantage of the lull between the crest and the trough, thrusting up into her unexpectedly with great effect.

"Fuck me, Jack... shove that cock into me harder...harder... ohhhh.... I'm going to come.... I'm so close. Don't come, Jack... wait.... I'm...going...to...come...," she shouted at the peak of her passion. Katy forced herself fully down to the hilt and squirmed, convulsively tightening her firm abdominal and inner thigh muscles uncontrollably. 

After her orgasm Katy lazily dismounted, and spun around to lay between Jack's spread legs. She looked golden, her exquisite young face crimson and sweating profusely, yet softened by her intense orgasm. Her eyes were filled with titillating poignancy, so determined was she to watch Jack's cock spew-out that which she craved. But, try as she may, she could only get the head of his dick in her mouth, so she sucked and stroked him in unison using both hands that were far too small for his girth. Using great pressure brought to bare by her incredibly strong tongue, Katy knew he couldn't last for long. All the while, she looked straight into his eyes, watching for signs that he was ready to explode, so she could give him that extra effort in order to to bring him over the edge to the resounding orgasm she demanded. 

Jack was amazed he didn't burst with her moments ago, but Katy's cries brought him back from the brink, and how he was now repaid tenfold for his self-control by Katy's eager cock sucking skills. It was like she was in some kind of a race to get him off. She jerked her head up and down so fast it felt like she was still pounding him with her tight pussy. But it was that slithering tongue that did the trick, the pressure under the head of his cock driving him on. And that gorgeous face staring up at him, those soft eyes peering into his soul. 

"My god, Katy, where the fuck did you learn how to do that? Fuck that feels so good!" He could feel his orgasm building like a freight train rolling down a slight grade, ever so slowly picking up speed with each thrust of her talented mouth. "I can't believe how good that feels," he said clenching his hands into fists.

While she slapped the head of his dick on the outside of her cheeks, she asked, "Were do you want to come, Jack? Do you want to come in my mouth, on my face or on my tits? What is your pleasure? I'll do anything you ask." Without waiting for an answer she bore back down on his dick. She could feel him tense up, knowing he was ready to come."I want you to come all over my chest. Can you shoot your load on my breasts? I want to see how much you can come, Jack. " 

"Fuck that feels so fucking good, Katy. I'm going to come... oh my god, I am coming... Whoa! Jerk me off on those nice boobs. That feels sooooo... oh, here it comes. Shit, you are so great!" 

Katy pushed in as much as she could and felt him spurt into the back of her throat, then pointed his dick at her awaiting breasts. She rubbed his balls and continued to stroke fast until he stopped cumming. She let a gob of his sperm flow out of her mouth onto his cock, then she lapped up his cum with her tongue, still licking him skillfully. She sucked him dry by dribbling out his thick cum, licking it up, and then sucking harder on the head while slowly stroking his shaft, pushing the remaining cum out of his urethra and into her wanton mouth. She swallowed it up with a great sticky smile of satisfaction.
