 It's early Saturday morning, and you're still asleep in bed. We had arrived at the hotel very late last night, both of us exhausted from the long day of traveling. You hear water running, and look beside you to find the bed empty. You raise yourself onto your elbows, and notice the light coming from the bathroom. The water stops, there are a few moments of silence, and then the light goes out as I step into the room. You see my silhouette as I move thru the shadows, stopping at the edge of the bed. You crawl forward onto your stomach, catching the scent of the jasmine soap I used on my skin, and lay there looking up at me. "Aren't you going to kiss me good morning?" I ask.

"Bend down, and I'll kiss you good morning," you reply.

"But those aren't the lips I want you to kiss." I widen my stance so that my legs are apart. You roll over onto your back, and let your head hang slightly off the end of the bed. Moving over, I straddle your head. You stick out your tongue and are amazed at what you find: smooth, freshly shaven skin. You rub your nose and mouth over the skin, loving how smooth it feels. Suddenly, you feel something warm and wet on your cock. Looking down, you see me bent over your body, taking your cock into my mouth and stroking it with my hand. You lift your head up and slide your tongue between the lips of my cunt. I had been thinking about you while I was shaving, and my pussy has gotten wet from the erotic scenes I had been envisioning. You taste my wetness, licking inside, trying to taste more and more. I groan with your cock in my mouth, and you love the feel of the vibrations. I can feel you getting harder and harder, and I increase my efforts. 

I have been thinking of you since we went to bed last night, and I'm desperate to feel you inside me once more. You move back slightly and gently flick your tongue on my ass, while inserting 2 fingers into my pussy. Moving them in and out, feeling my cunt muscles grasping at them, knowing I am close. I take your cock out of my mouth long enough to say "I need to cum so bad, Larry. Please make me cum!" I immediately put your cock back in my mouth, as you remove your fingers. You shove your tongue as deep as it can go, licking inside me, tasting all of me. I start sucking furiously on your cock, grinding down onto your mouth. You start rubbing my clit with one hand, anxious to make me cum. Then you gently slide one of your cum-slicked fingers into my asshole, sending me over the edge. I arch my back and scream my release, clenching your tongue with my pussy. You continue licking inside me, tasting all that I have to offer you. I lay forward on your body, taking your cock into my hand again. Feeling how hard you are, I know that you must be close as well, so I start giving you firm strokes, ready for you to spray your load down my throat. 

"As good as that feels, I need you to stop stroking. I've got to fuck this smooth pussy of yours." I move forward on the bed onto my hands and knees. You grab my hips and roll me over onto my back. Standing on the edge of the bed, you hold my legs out, and place the head just inside the lips of my pussy. "Give me a minute", you tell me. "If I go in you now, I won't last long."

"I know you're going to enjoy watching that cock slide in and out of my shaved pussy."

With a wicked twinkle in your eye, you say "Damn, you are nasty!"

I look right into your eyes and say "Fuck me, baby. Fuck your nasty slut!" Something inside you snaps, and you suddenly plunge your cock as far as it can go. I throw my head back and scream, loving how full your cock always makes me feel. Holding onto my legs, you start pistoning your dick in and out. The animal in you has broken free, and you are desperate to find your own release. I am thrashing on the bed under you, thrusting my hips back at you. We can hear our bodies slapping together, and you begin to feel that familiar tingling in your balls. Grunting with effort, you give me the hard, shallow strokes that tell me you're cumming. With a giant growl, you pull out and start vigorously jacking your cock. With just a few strokes, you are shooting your load. I sit up on my elbows, and watch you cover my freshly shaved pussy with your cum. After the last few drops have spurted out, you collapse on the bed next to me, trying to catch your breath. After we have been lying next to each other for a few minutes, I ask you if you want to go to breakfast.

"Actually," you reply, "I think I'd like to eat in." And with an evil grin, I watch you move between my legs once more.