 I slid my hands gently up and down your back, knowing you had a long day, massaging your lower back firmly, hearing you whimper softly. I moved slowly up and down your spine, enjoying the feel of your skin beneath my fingers. I trailed my fingers up your neck, rewarded with a soft moan as I slid my fingers into your hair, massaging your scalp gently. I slid my hands through your hair gently, massaging all the pressure points until you were fully relaxed, smiling each time you whimpered or moaned.

You rolled onto your back, half asleep, half awake, the look in your eyes telling me that I had woke your libido quite well. You pulled me down for a kiss, fingers sliding into my hair, making me shiver with anticipation. You pulled me atop you, making sure I could feel your hardness. I shifted atop you, moaning softly as I settled with your cock between my thighs. You slid your hands slowly down my back and over my ass, pulling the bottom hem of my nightie up, baring my ass. I shift slightly, allowing you to pull the nightie up further.

Once you had pulled my nightie up, you spanked my ass. I groaned softly, arching to your hand, You smacked my ass again, making me moan in your ear. I shivered slightly, settling back against you, feeling your hardness against my pussy. You growled softly against my ear as I rubbed slightly against you, "Behave, slut." 

I whimpered softly stilling atop you as you smacked my ass again, my moans louder now as I tried to remain still against you. I whimpered and shifted against you, pressing myself against your hardness, causing you to moan again and growl softly. I closed my eyes, biting your neck gently, making you moan louder, shifting beneath me, your cock sliding slowly against my pussy.

You rolled me over, laying atop me, pressing against my opening gently, whispering soft against my ear, telling me the things you want to do to me. I whimpered at your words, arching up against your hardness, feeling you slip between my lips. You growl softly, taking hold of my hips and keep me still, thrusting hard into me.

I moan softly, shuddering as you fill me, my hands finding your hair again, pulling you down for a kiss as you thrust hard and fast in and out of my throbbing pussy. You slid deep into my pussy, holding yourself there, lowering your head to whisper in my ear, "Feel that slut? I want you to squeeze my cock and fuck me for all that you're worth, show me that you're my slut."

I moaned, my pussy clamping around your cock instantly, arching up against you, grinding hard against your throbbing cock. You rolled us over again, taking my wrists in your hands, pushing me upright so that I was sitting on your cock, the change in position making your cock thrust deeper into me. 

"Ride me, slut, show me how much you want my cock," you growled hungrily as I started to move slowly on your cock. I slid up your length, pausing with just the tip inside, squeezing down hard, making you moan and grip my wrists tighter. I closed my eyes, giving in to the pleasure, letting your cock impale me hard and fast. I rode you harder and faster, moaning loudly on each downstroke, pussy clenching your cock hard.

I rode you for all I was worth, reveling in the feel of your cock pounding me, I groaned, fucking myself with your cock, gasping softly as I did so. I rode you faster, gasping for breath as I begged for permission to cum. You denied me, telling me to beg for release. I squeezed down hard on your cock, whimpering softly, "Please Master, your slut needs to cum for you, my pussy aches and throbs, I need to cum so badly. I want you to feel your slut's cum on your cock."

You grabbed me by the hips again, thrusting up into me hard, growling, "cum for me, slut!" I moaned loudly, clamping down hard on your cock, eyes closed as I let myself go, cumming hard on your cock. I whimpered softly, my pussy clamping tighter around you, spasming as I came, your cock throbbing hard as you pounded into me hard, cumming merely seconds after I did.

My pussy milked your cock, whimpering at each jet of hot cum entering me, groaning as I tried to catch my breath. You brought one hand up to my hair, gripping tightly as you pulled me down atop you again, kissing me passionately. I moaned softly against your mouth, whispering softly, "Good morning, love."