 Good Morning!

Waking up with a smile on my face remembering the kinky fun from the night before, looking over and seeing you asleep the smile on my face getting bigger as I remember having you pinned up against the wall of the club.

Noticing the tie I used to tie you up to the bed last night, I reach over and grab it as I start to tie your hands over your head and on to the bed again, doing it gently so not to wake you, once your tied up I just start to rub my hand over your sexy lil body remembering how I had your body up against the wall with your legs wrapped round me as my hard cock thrust's in and out your tight pussy.

Remembering all that starts getting me horny as my hand rubs down past your flat belly to your thighs, as I move my body down the bed stopping at your stunning 34c tits I flick my tongue over your perky nipples before wrapping my lips round them sucking gently. Further down your body my hand starts to rub up your thighs till it reaches your hot shaved pussy gently rubbing it as I move my body further down the bed till am between your legs.

Placing myself between your long sexy legs my face is just inches away from your hot horny pussy I start to remember how your face was between that girls legs last night licking her pussy as I was fucking you from behind making you moan into her pussy making her scream as she came all over your face.

Thinking about all that is too much and I just have to taste you, taking my tongue I start to lick up between your pussy lips thinking in my head 'mmmmmm sooo good', my tongue licking up reaching your clit as I start to flick my tongue against before taking your clit between my lips and sucking on it gently, hearing you moan as I suck harder I look up seeing you there with a big smile on your face.

Smiling myself I slide a finger deep in to your tight pussy making you moan as you throw your head back and lifting your hips of the bed, I start to fuck you harder with my fingers feeling you getting wetter round them.

Slipping my fingers out your wet pussy making you 'sigh' I move back up the bed and run my fingers along your lips in the same way that girl did last night after you made her cum, you licking and sucking my finger as I straddle myself across your body my hard cock resting in between your tits, reaching down I push your tits together round my cock remembering how much cum I shot aver them last night and that girl licking it all of you.

Moving back down your body and between your long sexy legs I take them and push them up over your head lifting your arse and pussy up of the bed, taking my hard cock and rubbing up and down your pussy teasing you making you moan how much you want me in you hard and deep.

I do just that as I thrust my hard cock deep into your tight pussy making you moan loud as I start to fucking you getting harder and faster, my shoulders keeping your legs up over your head lets me get deeper in you.

Starting to fuck you harder as I remember that girl catching us at the back of the club as we fucked up against the wall, she came walking over and start to play with your tits before we moved over to the nearby couch.

Slipping my cock out your soaking wet pussy I un tie you from the bed, telling you to bend over on all fours, spanking your sexy lil arse as you do the same way I did last night as I fucked you from behind as you were licking that girl out.

Remembering all this as I start to thrust in and out your tight wet pussy harder and faster from behind making you scream as you cum all over my cock, as you come down from your orgasm I slide a finger into your tight arse making you cum again louder than before, feeling you cum a second time makes me cum as I start to shoot my load deep into your now dripping pussy.

As we fall back on to the bed I turn to you smiling as I say "good morning". XXX