 Note: This story is dedicated to one person, she knows who she is.

It's a cold winter morning, just like any other where a thick blue blanket is pulled up to the chin while I watch you sleeping, cutely and serenly in our bed at the barely sunlit hour.

I sit on the edge of the bed, and you have no idea that I am there, that I had moved earlier and already had started my day, started my plans. Slowly, like a cat, I inch over the bed, inch over to you so lightly that you fail to wake and I like it like that. A grin on my face, I lean down and without touch, gently breathe against your neck, hearing a soft whimper escape your lips begins to make my body shiver but I don't stop. 

I slide down your body, over the sheet, I begin to slowly pull it up and slide under, two gentle hands sliding up your legs, they rest on your thighs for a split second then move beside me as I hold myself up on the bed. So soft, you stay asleep but now your body shivers at my touch, your eyelids flicker as if I had just started a seductive dream in your subconscious.

I am glad, cause I like this dream, as you will too, as I look over your naked body beneath the blanket; the same body that rides me every time we can, the same body I grow hard thinking on many times already; now it was time to return the tease, as I place my face between your legs, breathing warm breath now over your closed lips. Now, a shudder could be seen all over your body for that brief moment, then slowly you shift one left on instinct, and the lips part before me.

I take one shaky breath, looking down, then with a sly grin, I lower myself down, nothing of my own body touching yours any more, and instead I move as if to bob for apples, yet these weren't no apples as I traced my tongue down the side of your slightly wet lips.

What are you dreaming of? Of me, licking you as you slept I wonder? It didn't matter, soon you would be as I delicately lick down and up your sweet lips then even softer, my tongue traces down between your lips, parting them slightly more, holding back my hunger to taste you even more.

You gasp, I smile, but I don't stop as you slowly begin to wake up to the morning, only now realising it wasn't a dream you were experiencing. Eagerly, my tongue now flicks over her lips, up to her hood where my tongue kisses over it and circles a tongue around it, teasing, yet also knowing you are getting turned on more and more as the clit beneath grew more swollen in anticipation.

Using my tongue to move away the hood, my tongue touches the sensitive nub, your body shivers and this time a moan escapes your lips, your hand moving to my head beneath the blanket and your legs part even more as you begin to moan with every kiss, lick and suck of your clit.

My hands move to your thighs, now caressing, with one hand sliding up between your legs and as I lick, a finger snakes its way up and up. Gently that finger slides between your pussy lips, wet now with your juices but it is pulled back out again, again a tease yet is it? Under the blanket you hear sucking noises as I sucked on my finger, tasting you, and when it is clean I again stick the same finger back into you to lick it off once more.

I was driving you mad, and I can see it all over your body, this was out of your control and you can't stop me.

My tongue moves from your clit, my damp hand, now in my mouth being licked clean, moves then to your clit as I push my face down between your legs, my tongue driving into your body. Your back arches as I do this, your hands clamp down on the blanket as you can't hold anything in anymore. As your back arches, I hold onto your legs as I press my tongue further into your body, pulling you closer, as you begin to not only moan but whimper and scream for me.

I lick every drop as I fuck you with my tongue, fuck you till my mouth is sore, sliding away from you for a split second to clean my mouth, fingers assisting as my body beneath the blanket looks at you but you can't see my eyes. Your body is now shivering, why did I stop? I stopped because I knew you didn't want me to. I grinned, a grin you couldn't see until I pull the blanket off your body, exposing you to the morning and exposing me to you.

I'm naked, my body hard from the morning I have given you, as I slide my body sensually up yours. I can see you licking your lips; plotting for my demise? plotting round two? But round one isn't over yet. Hungrilly you meet my lips, but I pull away, I grin again, then I come back in close enough that you can nip as if trying to catch my lips. I kiss yours softly, pulling at your lower lip then I pull away again. My hands move up your body and rest firmly on both of your biceps, as you try and move, you notice I'm pinning you down and this only brings more power to your body.

Your eyes plead for a kiss, I smile slightly and kiss your lips, softly at first then harder as I part my lips to yours, my tongue circling around yours and then I break the kiss, again, which brings a cry from your mouth. With a leg over each side of you, I sit up and look down watching you. Your arms can't move yet you want to, just there, before you, is my hard cock, waiting for you. It wants to be touched, so badly, yet I have you pinned and you now both love and hate me more than ever.

It seems like hours pass as I sit there watching you, squirming slightly against your wet lips beneath my ass, squirming cause I know it teases you, makes you feel more horny, makes you want me even more than the last time we had sex. Without a smile or a grin, I lean down, but not to your lips. Now my lips are so close to your nipple that you can feel the warm air flowing over it, yet no touch. 

God, oh god, touch me.. please..

I see the plea in your eyes as I look up slightly. I shake my head ever so slightly, and continue with what I was doing. Now I'm blowing air directly onto the nipple for a whole minute before I move everso slowly with my tongue ready to flick over that nipple. You can see this, and its driving you mad as I go so slow it doesn't even look like I am moving.

When I do touch your nipple, your whole body shivers underneath me, longing for me. My tongue flicks and circles around the nipple, my own body now growing with arousal as it begins to shake, I don't know if I can keep control, I must but.. 

My spare hand slides up her side and moves over her other breast and begins to knead it. You knows I've lost control, you know I would have in time but you don't care as I shift off your nipple and back to your lips, my arms loosening off yours as you wrap your arms about my neck, our kisses hungry, desperate, loving. My groin pushes into yours as I moan softly into your mouth, we both want it, we both know it.

Your legs wrap around my hips as I pull you up into a sitting position while I slide myself between your sweet, wet lips. Both of us gasp as you feel me slide in and our kisses continue, our bodies fueling the fire as the slow movements of earlier are gone now, your back arching as you place both arms behind you to hold yourself up, my body angling back ever so slightly with my hands at your back as we both move hard into or onto each other.

I can't control my breathing now, I'm panting so hard, and so are you, the lust in your eyes now has gone beyond all barriers. You want so badly to do what I did to you, but it is for another day; one I will enjoy and long, and before I know it, I will want to do it back to you again as well.

Our bodies are covered with sweat, our breathing louder, our moans and screams waking those in the next house but we don't care as we both reach a climax, our bodies shuddering, both of us holding each other in a tight embrace now as our bodies shiver, shudder, and our breath whimpers from our mouth.

The whimper alone, was the only thank you I ever needed.

Good morning, my love.