 Good Morning...

Almost dawn... a soft lightening of day is coming in through the open curtains. I am asleep... or was asleep. Something has awakened me, but I am still dozing, eyes closed, feeling the warmth that surrounds me. You stir behind me, snuggling in closer. You pull me towards you and I feel your breath stir the hair at the nape of my neck. I can tell by the rhythm of your breath that you are asleep as well... though you stir again.

Your hips rock ever so slightly, and I feel your hardening cock brush against my ass. I sigh, still half asleep, and push back against you. I can feel the steady beat of your heart... and the puff of air on my neck as you sigh in your sleep. Your cock seems to throb slightly as it grows in the cleft of my butt cheeks... soft yet hard at the same time. I doze off again...

My eyes flutter open; as a jolt runs straight from the nipple you have just squeezed to my pussy, which has grown damp and warm. Your breathing and heartbeat have quickened, as you palm my breast, tweaking and twisting the nipple gently. I moan, arching my back, pressing against your hard cock with my ass, while offering more of my tit to your hand. You run your other hand across my ribs and down my belly... teasing a little as you trace my hipbone with your fingers. 

Kisses on my neck, with nibbles in between bring gasps to my lips. I whimper lightly when I feel your fingers brush my thigh, slowly edging toward my clit, which is aching by now. You start to trace light circles around it, teasing as always. Sliding your fingers between the lips, dipping inside, you keep playing with me. Without me realizing it, you have started to roll me towards you, onto my back. Your cock is hard and hot, pressing into my thigh. I reach down, stroking it from base to tip. You catch your breath and pause as I run my thumb along the slit at the tip, spreading the wetness I find there. 

You start to stroke the inner walls of my pussy, first one finger then two. Your thumb keeps rubbing my clit... my first orgasm is starting, softly at first, then building. You breathe into my ear, dipping your tongue inside, nibbling on my earlobe. You trace my jaw with your lips until you reach my mouth. Kissing, biting, licking... you start to slide your fingers into my cunt harder, over and over, again and again, pushing me over the edge.

I growl, shove your hand away, and push on your chest. You chuckle, knowing too well what I want. You lay back... I see that smirk, but I don't care. I kneel between your thighs, leaning in for a kiss. Your lips are soft and firm, just right for long slow kisses. Your tongue darts into my mouth, wrestling with mine. Your hands stroke my sides, lightly tickling my ribs. You squeeze my breasts lightly, still playing with my nipples. I've had enough of that though; there is something else I want. 

I pull away; you fold your hands behind your head, knowing what is coming. I start kissing and licking down your body, running my hands down your chest and stomach. I reach that soft, sweet spot just below your ribs and bite lightly... you groan and flinch slightly. I settle back on my feet, my hands on your thighs. Your cock is swollen... waiting for my special attention. I glance up... you lay there, eyes closed, breathing slow and even. I let the saliva gather on my tongue, taking deep breaths. I lean in and lick the tip softly... once, twice, three times. On the third lick, I dip down swiftly, taking your dick all the way into my mouth. I feel your thighs tense under my hands as I pause there, not moving. I start to run my tongue around the thickness of your shaft, tasting the flavor of your skin. My lips are pressing around the base; the soft hair surrounding it tickles my nose. 

I can smell the musky, sleep-warmed scent that is just yours, no one else's. I start moving my head up and down, licking along the way, and sucking softly. My hands start to wander, sometimes stroking your thighs, sometimes scratching lightly at your stomach. You start to tense under my touch, anticipating or enjoying? I'm not sure, and don't really care... I am lost in the flavor and taste of your cock, as it glides in and out of my mouth. I shift my position slightly, taking your dick in my fingers; I grip it firmly and slide my hand up and down with my mouth. My tongue is still busy, massaging and licking all around. 

I take your cock all the way into my mouth; the tip nudges the back of my throat. I swallow... you groan and your hips buck against my face. I pull back, needing to breath, and plunge down again, over and over. You are close; I can feel your balls tightening in my other hand... so close... with a pop! I release you from my mouth. You are breathing hard, but then so am I. I crawl up your body; your cock slides down between my breasts, across my stomach, and slides in between the lips of my pussy. I am wet, almost dripping, slick with my own juices.

I rock my hips, letting your prick rub against my clit... groaning, you grab my hips and with one thrust, you enter me fully. I sit on top of you, feeling you inside me. I start to move, riding your cock up and down, increasing the speed swiftly. With small thrusts of your own, you make the cheeks of my ass quiver and bounce on your thighs. This won't take long, we are both hot and ready to cum. I lay down upon your chest, whimpering and moaning with pleasure. 

We are both panting, your hands are on my ass, grabbing and squeezing the flesh. You have started pounding my pussy with your cock, hitting that spot that makes me shake and quiver. You are groaning in my ear while I lick your neck... bite down softly... suck hard. With one last shove, you fill me up; I can feel your dick pulsing and throbbing as you cum. My pussy clenches and tightens around it, while I cum with you.

Lying there quietly, snuggled against your chest, we both listen to our heartbeats get steady and slow. The sweat starts to cool on our skin... I kiss you softly, just on the lips. You are already half asleep again... typical. I rise off of you, start to get up from the bed... you reach out and run your fingers down my back... "Good Morning," you say softly, the first either of us has spoken. "Good Morning to you too," I smile as I walk into the bathroom for my shower, feeling the slick trail of cum running down the inside of my thigh... it's going to be a good day.