 Lois poured Andy another cup of coffee as he hurried to finish breakfast. She was still feeling a bit miffed at being left hanging last night and she stared out into the early morning gloom trying to understand her feelings. Andy was busy at the office, she knew, but she had needs and feelings, too. In the old days he hadn't been able to keep his hands off of her;... lately he seemed to neglect her. Or was she being silly? 

She had read an article recently that a woman's sex drive suddenly flares sky high at some point as she gets older. She thought it was quite a bit later, but then people vary. She wondered if this was happening to her. Was she being unreasonable in her expectations? She pondered this and puzzled over his apparent reduced level of interest in her.

"No." she answered herself. With their only child now off at university, they had a bit of their privacy back and she was "looking forward to having her needs taken care of, thank you very much!"

"I'm off to Leeds today, love, be back late," Andy gave her a rather perfunctory kiss and squeezed the softness of her bottom and was heading out the door.

"Right. I promised to help Allen. You know, teach him to wallpaper. So if I'm not here, you can call over there."

Andy laughed. "Oh, dear, you'll be in for it then, won't you? I think old Allen is all thumbs where tools are concerned!" He went laughing out the door and she watched as he reversed into the street and waved to her.

Lois rather thought he might be right, she thought with a smile. She didn't remember Allen ever having taken on any household duties before his recent early semi-retirement. Apparently he wanted to turn over a new leaf and use up some of his spare time fixing up the house. Lois had offered to help pick out some colors and teach him to do wallpapering. Today was the fateful day!

She gathered up a few of her own papering tools and was soon hearing the chimes inside Allen's house and then the thumping of heavy steps announcing his smiling, unshaven face around the edge of the door. 

"Good morning, teacher!" he laughed, throwing the door open wide.

The project was a small bathroom. The toughest kind of job, but that was where the most urgent need was. Lois explained some of the tasks that needed to be done and got started with the measuring and cutting. Allen mixed the pot of paste. He noticed that Lois wore a striped cotton dress that buttoned down the entire length of the front. "I'm not used to workmen being so nicely turned out, Lois, you don't mind my thinking you look smashing in your work togs, do you?"

"Oh, Allen, this old thing? One of my oldest house dresses. Won't hurt if it gets messed up. You were expecting maybe ... ...?"

"Don't get me wrong, dear, I love it. Perfect, as a matter of fact!"

Their work continued with a good bit of kidding and laughter at Allen being all thumbs. They stopped for a cup of coffee perched on two high stools. Lois' dress draped open across the top of her thigh where she crossed her legs, and she noticed Allen having trouble keeping his eyes off the creamy flesh. Her thighs were opulent and her legs very pretty. 

"You've got real "woman's thighs" Andy was fond of saying. Lois smiled at Allen's slight discomfiture, but did nothing to make it easier on him.

The bathroom was a bit cramped for the two of them, and they kept bumping together and as she slid past him to get more paper, Lois put one hand on either of his love handles and tickled him slightly. 

Allen wiggled his hips a little in response and pinned Lois against the wall playfully as he continued brushing the piece he had just hung. 

"Hey, you big old bear, make a little room!" she laughed, giving him a slight bear hug and pushing him away. Still, she was aware of a slight attraction and of the intimacy of their close quarters. It was having an effect on her. They continued the playful banter, and soon they were pressed close together by Allen's having to reach over her to help press a falling piece of paper up into the ceiling corner. 

Allen felt Lois' soft bottom pressed tightly against his crotch, felt a slight thickening in his penis. It was distinctly a pleasure, pressing against her like this, though he tried hard to put it out of his mind.

Lois felt the warmth of his body pressed close against her through the thin material of the housedress. Now she could feel the way his body molded itself to the voluptuous crease of her ass. Lois was very sensitive there and she knew that her pussy had become wet already with the excitement of being pressed together like this. It only required a little caressing of her round bottom for her sexual craving to come bubbling to the surface; this contact was no exception. 

She frowned at what she was feeling, but continued busily smoothing the paper on the wall. She realized that they were both perspiring slightly with exertion and the closeness of the room. This made the contact even more complete. 

"Whew, that one was a bit nasty, wasn't it," she laughed as they both leaned against a wall and had a laugh. "I wasn't sure if I was papering the wall or was going to end up papered myself!" "Thanks for getting off on me. I mean getting it off me!" She realized the slip of tongue too late to stop it.

Allen laughed. "Ulmmmm almost right the first one! Sorry about that." Both their faces were flushed, Lois noticed.

A little later, they found themselves similarly entangled and it proved too much for either to handle. Suddenly, Allen pressed Lois against the wall and kissed her. His body pressed tightly against hers. Lois slumped in his arms, feeling his cock probing against her mound. 

"Mmmmmnnnnph!" she muttered, not sure herself what it meant. 

Resisting weakly, she pressed her hands against his shoulders, then relaxed a moment, feeling his hardness press more insistently. Suddenly, his hands were on her bottom, lifting her against him more completely. Then his hands pulled her dress apart, the buttons slipping easily through their worn buttonholes. Her arms wrapped around his neck and her tongue found his; the electric shock of it coursed through her body as she returned his thrusting pelvis' pressure. 

More buttons popped open and Lois thought of the old frayed panties and bra she had worn, wishing they looked a bit better.

Allen's hands were everywhere, his excitement crushing her body between his huge body and the freshly papered wall. His hands loosed the zip of his trousers and Lois felt the power of his erection spring free and now she felt its huge size pressed against the thin panties, probing her soft tummy and the prominent mound of her sex.

Allen ground against her, pressing his cock and his swollen balls against her. He felt the delicate silkiness of her panties against him, felt the excitement of her on the underside of his cock, now fully erect and standing up between their bodies. His hands found Lois' breasts through the bra. He roughly rolled them together in his hands, then stripped the bra upward freeing the tight round globes. She felt his rough hands find her bare flesh, felt him pinch and squeeze them.

Her breasts were just a nice handful each and her nipples, normally a pale pink, deepened to a bright pink, looking ready and eager for suckling. She felt his lips close over her right nipple. 

She opened her eyes now to watch him voraciously sucking at her breasts, his mouth open wide to suck more of it inside. She shivered as she felt his tongue swab eagerly over the roughness of her nipple as it responded to him. Lois felt the wetness between her legs turning into a hot torrent as his cock probed, now slipping between her legs, sliding along the crease formed by her pussy lips.

"Allen, ... ohhh! ... Allen, we ...we... mustn't!" she resisted weakly. But she knew it was a lost cause, her body was betraying her now. Her arms pulled his head tight against her again.

They were on the floor now, Allen's girth lying on top of her, roiling around against her softness, reveling in the welcome comfort of her body. He stood up a moment to remove his clothes, his eyes never leaving hers or her body. 

Lois stared up at him, sprawled there, her dress acting as a blanket now, her bra still pushed above her breasts. Lois' twin cones, now pointing up at him, capped by the two small nipples looking very much like maraschino cherries atop scoops of rich ice cream. Her panties pulled aside, the elastic now slipped down between the wet lips of her pussy, where his eyes were now fastened in their intense passion. Lois watched with fascination as his cock emerged from his underpants as they slipped around his ankles. 

"My god," she thought, "he is huge!" 

"Can all that he has between his legs fit into me? It can't be." She recalled briefly wondering to her husband if Allen's great physical top would be reflected below the belt as well as above it. They had been joking, or so she thought. Now faced with the fact, she was ... fascinated.

"Oh, Allen, we mustn't. It isn't fair, is it? I've never ... " But it wasn't to be. Still her feeling of guilt made it necessary to try to resist. Allen was between her legs now, his hand stoking his enormous cock. She looked at the large blunt head of it. He was uncircumcised. He pulled the foreskin back as she watched. A huge deep ruby red cock head was unveiled, looking wet and glistening and swollen. 

"Ohhhhh! ..." She heard herself gasp as the foreskin remained locked behind the ridge, which looked quite deep behind his cock head. It was like a very large mushroom on an incredibly thick stalk, she remembered thinking. 

Then Allen was upon her again. He pulled her panties aside with one hand and guided his cock to the head of her slit, now glistening with her love juices. He moved it along the soft groove, spreading her lips aside, nudging the round nubbin of a clitoris, now red -- bright red with excitement.

Lois felt the heat of his cock. Her eyes widened as she realized the width of it, now blunt and firm between her legs. Her hands rested on his muscular arms and she stared slack mouthed up at the perspiration now heavy on his forehead as he looked down to see his cock spearing along the soft golden swatch of hair at her apex. His eyes were wide with excitement. He was breathing heavily. She felt his cock slipping along her crease, nuzzling along there, then finding the entry to her love tunnel. 

He paused there, took a deep breath and looked into her eyes. She closed her eyes slowly, as if in silent consent. His cock felt like a very hot blunt end of a rugby ball, though she knew it was nothing like that size.

He pressed forward, found the resistance of her tightness. Lois' eyes opened wide, a look of slight terror - her hands gripped his muscular arms -- then he popped into her - she heard him utter a guttural word of exertion. 

"Unnnnhhhhh!!" then he was inside her. The tight muscle surrounding her entry snapped over the big head that he offered her. Her hands tightened, she felt her nails bite into his arms. Felt him slip still deeper as he parted her tight vagina, filled her with a searing heat. 

Lois knew she was being stretched to meet his size. It felt terribly hot, not just the warmth of his cock, but the fact of her vagina being stretched to accommodate him added to the sensation of his hot, searing presence there pulling her apart.

Lois gulped her astonishment of the feeling. He was simply a good deal larger than the familiar feel of her husband Andy's perfectly adequate six inches of delightful warmth that she always found so lovely when he was in the mood to use it properly. But this was something else, nice in its own way, astonishingly nice, she thought, now that she was getting used to it.

Her wetness engulfed his cock and Allen was breathing heavily with excitement. He could not recall the last time he had felt such excitement. Was it the danger that made it exciting, he wondered? Or was it the satisfaction of the lust he had been feeling for this sexy neighbor for such a long time. 

He had gazed frequently at the panty line stretched across that round wonderful bottom of hers, gazed down her blouse front to lust between her breasts in the dark valley of her softness. How often had it occurred to him that it would be heavenly to suckle them and then to slip his cock between her breasts? Many times. And now here he was with his cock feeling and fondling the wet white-hot heat of her tight pussy. The head of his cock felt as if it were on fire as soon as it had slipped past the initial tightness of her muscular vagina. Now it felt bathed in her moistness; the great boiling cauldron of her beautiful vagina, swabbing around his cock. 

He guided his cock with his hand, wanting her heat, feeling the pleasure of her tightness, feeling the power over her that he always felt when he rutted in a waiting pussy.

The excitement of the moment was too much and after a very few short strokes, he felt his balls contract, ready he knew to hurl his semen deep into her. Allen tried to slow down but it was too late. He pulled out with a loud plop as her pussy muscle snapped back over his cock head. 

Even this couldn't stop his ejaculation, though and he threw himself onto her stomach. He felt her pubic hair soft and curly against the underside of his big cock, felt her pubic bone solid under his bare cock and then the first stream roared out of the end of his cock, spewing onto her stomach between their bodies, he felt it spread between them with satisfaction. 

He raced on now, rubbing his cock against her as another gushing spurt heated their bodies with the fire from his balls. Another and another and he began to feel weakened, spent. One more little spurt and he could only press against her, his weight now bearing on her body, the stickiness of his sperm binding them together.

"Jeeze, Lois, you are something. Got me so excited, I just had to cum so quick-like! Gawd, you are something. What a woman!"

Lois liked the fact that she had driven him to so much excitement that he had come off prematurely. It made her feel very sexy. She would have liked a lot more chance to explore that huge member of his, though. She even enjoyed him spewing his sperm all over her tummy. His powerful banging against her pubic bone had made her cum too, to her surprise. Perhaps they were both excited with pent up needs ready for release like the hair trigger on a gun.

They embraced at the door, a little like two conspirators. She gently pushed away from his chest, her fingers slipping into his shirt to touch the hair on his chest. He didn't ask how she felt about it, just said how good she was again and again. It was just as well, though, for she wasn't sure how she felt about this. Guilty, certainly. That was bound to be. But underneath that, Lois was certain of one thing. She wanted to have that feeling again. She wanted to control the big beast and his huge cock. She had not had enough of it. He had only given her about half its length, she remembered. She knew she was going to have to have it all. To open herself and pull every inch of it into her. 

The thought of that huge member filling her up completely really totally ran through her mind. She wanted to open herself and sheath his beastly spear in the deepest curve of her pussy. 

She slipped into the shower, feeling still a little sticky. She soaped her breasts and then ran the loofah down over her stomach, scrubbing off the combined juices of their furious lovemaking.

She stood before the mirror one foot up on the vanity examining the still swollen lips of her pussy. Gently she rubbed a little soothing Vitamin A&D ointment over her pouting lips. 

"Ohhhhhhhh. Mmmmmmm!"

To Be Continued...