 The following tale is part of the series "A Most Unusual Day." Each of the parts stands independently, although together they tell a broader story. I hope you will enjoy this one and elect to read the others as well.

My day had begun in unusual fashion. My loving but unadventurous wife of 15 years had wakened me with an unsolicited handjob. It was the first time she had done that. Ever. It was a great handjob, and a great way to wake up, but I was feeling confused.

Several days earlier we had had a frank conversation about our sex lives, the first such talk of our marriage, and realized that neither of us was satisfied. We had made a plan to be more open and communicative when it came to sex, and had made an explicit plan to share our previously overlooked desires and fantasies and see if we could make up for lost time by making them come true. But still, I was confused. Did she think this was my fantasy? Was it hers?

I had a series of conflicting emotions. Happy that she had taken the initiative to introduce this wonderful treat into my life. Curious about her motives. Melancholy that I had missed out on this for so long until now. And above all, disoriented by the sheer surprise and intensity of it all. But I didn't have time to reconcile these feelings, because the controlled chaos that is our morning routine began with the frenzied precision of an aircraft carrier leaving port, and I was consumed in the wake.

___________________________

A little while later I was standing at the counter of my mechanic's jumbled shop. He was shouting in Farsi. Nothing much unusual about that, here in the suburbs of greater "Irangeles." That was pretty much his usual condition. But this time he was shouting at a customer. A woman. A genuine Persian Princess, California-style.

I saw a blaze of rhinestone-encrusted Chanel sunglasses flash by as she whirled away from the counter with a pout and an odd "thumbs up" gesture that had to have been some sort of insult. She made an unusual contrast with the grubby shop in her skintight Versace pants and jacket. Her fingers glittered with the dowry of a true Mesopotamian princess from the days of Hammurabi (or perhaps modern Saudi Arabia). On the fourth finger of her left hand glittered a massive stone.

She dropped in the inflatable blue promotional "Goodyear" chair by the wall with a huff and, not surprisingly, I heard the angry click of her cell-phone opening.

Simon gestured me towards the counter with an annoyed look on his face. "Sorry. So sorry." he said with a shrug.

"Not a problem" I replied calmly. "She looks like a piece of work." I intoned, with a raised eyebrow.

"My uncle's wife." He explained conspiratorially. "I have to fix her car for free and she's angry that she has to wait 10 minutes for me to free up someone to drive her home. Of course, if she were really in a hurry, she lives less than a mile away...

"So," he continued, "I gotta be honest with you, it's gonna be a little while before I can get to your car. You wanna bring it back tomorrow instead?"

"Sure" I answered, grateful for his honesty, so rare and unusual among his profession. "No problem."

I turned and headed for the door where I found the Princess hurling one last guttural insult into the maw of her cell phone as she slammed it shut.

Some bizarre hand of fate grabbed me and stopped me in my tracks, squeezed my diaphragm and seemingly forced me to blurt out a tentative question. "Excuse me. Could I give you a lift somewhere?" 

She gave me a piercing stare, taking me in from head to toe. I wasn't going to be featured on the cover of 'Los Angeles' Magazine any time soon, but apparently my Bloomingdales house-brand suit was well-tailored enough to pass her inspection. She looked in my eyes and then slowly turned to glare at Simon, who I now realized was her nephew, even though he had to be at least 15 years her senior. 

Her nostrils flared as she stared him down. "That would be very NICE." She said coolly. She turned with a flourish of her 350 dollar coiffure and stalked for the door, as if she knew where she was heading.

About three minutes later, we were idling in front of the gates of a massive white mansion. The towering white columns which were visible through the wrought-iron bars made the house resemble something from another ancient Mediterranean culture. Not a word had been spoken.

"Here, use this" she said abruptly, handing me a small plastic card which I waved in front of the box on the side of the driveway. The imposing portal slowly swung open.

"Please come inside" she said firmly, when I stopped in front of the huge front door. "I'd like to thank you with a cup of coffee."

This was certainly one of the most unusual experiences ever to befall a pasty Caucasian lad with thinning hair in the inexorable grip of middle age such as myself, so I turned the key to silence the motor. As I was still feeling the warm glow of my morning handjob, my motives were less lascivious than they might have been some other time. Mostly I was curious about this exquisite creature and what she could possibly want with me.

___________________________

I looked around as I followed her into the house. It was hard to tear my eyes away from her sashaying ass as we navigated the stairs to the door, but an enormous pair of marble lions vied for my attention. They lost. She had an incredible ass. Flaring hips tapering into mile-long legs, with just the right amount of curvature to create that hypnotizing shimmy with every step. The smooth surface presented by the skin-tight fabric suggested that she was wearing nothing underneath. My thoughts turned to the possibility of finding out that answer first-hand. Lust had once again entered the picture. Where was this unusual and unexpected invitation leading?

A life-sized alabaster statue of a naked woman thrust her breasts at us as soon as we entered the house. What seemed to be acres of glittering black and gold-trimmed furniture floated on a sea of white shag carpet.

We entered a kitchen the size of my house and soon she was thrusting two rigid nipples covered in painted-on Juicy Couture T-shirt plus a small cup of ink-black coffee into my general direction. When she spooned two teaspoons of sugar into her cup, I did the same before sipping the pungent brew.

She took off her semi-frosted glasses, allowing me to see her whole face for the first time. She wore enough beauty products to outfit a touring production of Aida, but the lavender eye shadow and glittery powder did nothing to hide her incredible beauty.

"I am Aliyah." She stated simply. "Thank you for helping me. Simon can be such an ass sometimes." She tossed her mane again and rolled her head in a stretching motion. This had the effect of thrusting her chest out, straining the buttons of her Versace top and leaving her looking somewhat like a clothed version of the statue in the foyer.

Straightening her neck, she fixed me with a purposeful stare and wet her lips to speak. "I feel dirty from being in that place. Would you like to take a shower with me?"

Now this was beyond unusual. My brain was suddenly overloaded with the firing of a million synapses at once. A thousand questions jostled for attention. "Could this be happening? Why me? Was she just trying to piss off her husband, who would then have me killed by some thugs and dropped in a desolate canyon somewhere? Was my wife somehow testing me? Rewarding me? Should I vocalize any of the questions and risk breaking whatever spell we were under?"

While I wrestled with my thoughts, Aliyah put down her cup and walked out of the kitchen to the enormous sweeping staircase that led upstairs.

"Come with me." It was somewhere between a command and a request.

'I'd like to do exactly that.' I thought to myself, watching her curves undulate smoothly away from me. The distinct possibility that I was being seduced by this walking wet dream produced a sort of euphoria in me that overrode my better judgment, as well as my surging feelings of guilt. My cock, still sore from the prior activities, came to life with a throb. Twice in less than three hours – could I do that? It seemed that I might find out, as I arose from the table and followed her, my body seemingly moving at its own accord.

I was not so enraptured as to ignore a good enabling rationalization. While perhaps it had not been an explicit fantasy of mine to be seduced by a gorgeous Persian femme fatale, this was clearly a once-in-a-lifetime kind of experience and hopefully, if it came to that, Jennifer would accept it that way. While it wasn't a very good excuse, it was sufficient to allow me to leave my guilt behind as I followed Aliyah towards the stairs. Undoubtedly I could retrieve it on my way out...

Aliyah's tight ass swayed in exaggerated fashion as she sashayed up the sweeping spiral staircase. 'I've seen this a dozen times in porn videos,' I thought, 'and now I'm living it!'

I had another moment of doubt as I watched her impossibly perfect ass sway inches from my face. No panty lines there to mar the smooth magnificence of those taut orbs – and no way this could possibly be happening – could it? No matter. I was going to play this hand a little while longer. I could feel the saliva literally pooling in my mouth as I imagined running my tongue between those shimmering cheeks in front of me. Any doubts about my ability to perform vanished instantly.

When I crested the top of the stairs, I looked around for Aliyah. I was confronted by a long curving hallway, with more plush white carpet and "museum-quality" walls fading into the distance like some kind of De Chirico painting. Light poured out of one doorway and I moved towards it.

It's not often that I think about the physical power of beauty. Usually it was more of an annoying pain in my side, a constant roar – the omnipresent whining of a thousand media harpies all shrieking "look at me – aren't I pretty!" But this was the ancient, pure strain of beauty, primal and untainted by commercialism, which I was consuming uncut, straight into the vein. I stared agog, as my mind turned to mush.

She had removed her Versace jeans and shirt and now stood in front of me in a scanty white thong and half bra. Her hips were angled slightly and her long burnished legs stretched to a point, accenting her perfect hourglass shape.

Her stomach was a flawless sea of skin, while the firm mounds of her creamy breasts asserted themselves boldly over the tops of the barely resisting brassiere. She affixed me with a dark-eyed stare that could only be described as smoldering and asked, "You like it?"

I was jolted back to reality by her words. "Hell yeah, I like it." I blurted. "Let me see the rest of it."

She gave me a wry smile and slowly rotated, first thrusting her luscious tits and dark, dart-tipped nipples directly at me and then, with a turn of her smooth shoulder she pirouetted to display her back side. I was now confronted with the reality of that perfect ass I had imagined only seconds earlier.

"Take that off." I commanded.

"What, this?" she asked, hooking her long sparkling nail under the wispy string of her thong and pulling it slightly away from her body.

"That. And all of it."

She leaned down and bent her knee to remove the offending fabric, pushing her gorgeous ass cheeks towards me and gently parting the cleft of her smooth flanks to reveal the luscious fruit inside. Two delectable slices of ripe peach, hung there, tantalizing me, and above them, a darker patch of that fertile valley hinted at the crinkled pucker of her anus.

"Excellent!" I proclaimed. "Keep going."

She reached back to unfasten the bra, causing her sinewy back to ripple and reveal the unblemished slope of her clavicle. Teasingly loosening the lacy fabric, she slowly revealed her burgeoning mounds, confronting me with the urgency of her hard nipples. 

"You like my tits?" she asked, coarsely, holding them up for inspection. "You men are always so fascinated with tits. I'm not sure what the attraction is."

In response I pounced, diving on her swelling chest and fastening my mouth directly on one of those delicious gumdrop nipples. Aliyah gasped at the strength of the sensation as I sucked fiercely on her tender nub. With one hand I palmed her other breast and squeezed roughly. She shuddered at the intensity and went momentarily rigid.

I maintained a steady firm suction on her teat while my free hand traced the silky curve of her back around the smooth bend of her waist and sweeping flare of her hips until coming to rest on the perfect sphere of her ass. I could feel her nipple distending inside my mouth and abruptly pulled my mouth away with a pop, again causing Aliyah to gasp. 

With that incredible sound ringing in my ears, I straightened up to gauge her response. Her eyes were bright and focused, engaging me directly, but warily. Her cheeks and chest were flushed with her excitement and I could see the mottled discoloration I had left on her swollen nipple. I felt the thrill of the hunt surge through my veins. We were hunter circling hunted, looking for an opening to land the final blow. But which of us was which?

She brushed her hair back with both hands which had the effect of waving her mouthwatering tits right in my face. Before she could make her next move, I dove right back onto her other breast and fastened on to the other gumdrop I found there.

Sliding my hand around her hips to her groin I discovered that she was perfectly smooth -- shaven cleaner than an operating room table! And she was hot. Smoking. A fire pouring out from between her legs along with a thick coat of her pungent secretions. I immediately plunged my hand into her steaming furrow and slid it along her slippery lips.

Feeling her awash in pussy cream, I pressed forward with two fingers, driving them into her cavern up to the first knuckle. This time the gasp sounded more like a moan. I pushed on until my fingers were fully seated in her channel. Right away I rotated my wrist to bring my thumb down firmly on her pubic bone, capturing her swollen clit directly under my thumb. I rolled it from side to side like marble while plunging my fingers in and out of her sloshy hole and after only a few strokes she began to orgasm.

I kept up the pressure as she spasmed, grinding my thumb against her clit in time with each paroxysm. Aliyah threw her arms around my neck and crushed my head against her chest so hard that for a moment I thought I might be smothered by her magnificent tit-flesh. As her orgasm subsided, Aliyah's legs wobbled and I put my free hand around her for support.

I relinquished my lip-lock on her teat and slowly stood up. Aliyah's eyes were now half closed and she was panting heavily. I withdrew my cum-slickened fingers from her pussy and slid them slowly up her body. She squirmed momentarily when I painted her sensitive nipple with some of her own cream. Next I traced her jaw line and cupped her cheek with the sticky fingers so that we could both smell the fragrant aroma of her pussy juices.

It was a heady, intense smell and it made me realize my own arousal.

I caressed her cheek with my pungent digits and stroked her plush lips with my fingertips. Her tongue snaked out to flicker across my fingers, and, feeling her warmth, I plunged my fingers into her mouth. Aliyah immediately took me in and began sucking hungrily.

Pleased by her slutty behavior, I pushed her back until her legs butted against the bed and she was required to sit down. Straddling her legs, I moved forward until my crotch was right in her face, with my throbbing bulge leading the way. Aliyah needed no further encouragement and furiously attacked my belt as if her life depended on releasing the contents of my trousers ASAP.

She released the belt and button and then ripped open my pants and shoved her hand immediately into my shorts. She emerged with her prize and, wasting no time, immediately plunged her slick mouth down over my straining shaft.

I let her slurp hungrily on my bone for a few moments, then I pushed away and stood back to remove my clothes. I managed to remove my shoes, pants and boxers and began to unbutton my shirt. My cock jutted out obscenely in front of me, throbbing angrily as if it were searching for a way to get back into the warm hole I had just pushed away.

Aliyah sat still on the edge of the bed, staring at my groin with a dazed, hungry expression. Her hair was now tousled and her cheeks were flushed with excitement. Her once-perfect lipstick was smeared and her chin glistened with our secretions.

"Lie down." I instructed as I ripped off my shirt and pants and tossed them away, leaving us both completely naked.

She flopped back on the bed, but it wasn't a passive flop – she was eagerly anticipating the next phase of our coupling.

I knelt down and placed my nose at the junction of her legs and inhaled deeply. Her fragrance was rich and pungent and I savored the dense aroma as well as the sight of her slick pussy, shaven bare but red and engorged with arousal. Her labia were darker, almost matching the color of her areola and stood out from her bare mound, swollen, slick and aching for contact. I did not oblige, however, and Aliyah groaned in frustration as I simply sniffed around her sensitive region.

Moving up, I straddled her body and knee-walked forward, teasing her crotch with the tip of my cock. I was in no rush and I enjoyed teasing her slippery furrow with my bulging cockhead, observing her cunt lips blossom with engorgement even more under the stimulation. Aliyah drew short gasping breaths with each stroke through her steaming slit and I grinned at the slight increase in pitch when I brushed her hard clit with my pole. I took my shaft and drew a line over her smooth, flat belly until I came to her fabulous chest mounds. Taking my swollen stalk in hand, I traced the outline of her breasts, painting her nipples with a mixture of my pre-cum and her own juices.

I was stroking my crown lightly along her face, enjoying the exquisite sight of my pulsing tool resting on her flawless cheek and alongside her luscious plump lips, when Aliyah lost patience. She turned her head and engulfed my glans in one gulp and proceeded to swallow the rest of my cock in two deep gulps. She swabbed my pole with her tongue and sucked hungrily.

I began to slide my shaft deeper into her wet mouth, slowly at first, in and out, then building up the pace until I was fucking her face, pinning her skull to the mattress with each stroke. When I had really got pumping and Aliyah's saliva was flying with each thrust, I stopped suddenly and sank my cock all the way into her throat. Her cheeks bulged and her windpipe convulsed as she attempted to accommodate my girth.

There was a loud sucking of air as I withdrew my shaft and uncorked her throat. Her spit hung off my pulsing tool in long strands, draping her lips and chin. Leaning forward, I dropped my swollen balls directly on her gasping mouth and was rewarded with an electric pulse of pleasure as she tongued my furry pouch and sucked first one, then the other nut sack into her warm orifice.

I let her gargle my balls for a while I slowly fisted my hard shaft, and then I rotated my hips, pulling my scrotum from her mouth and covering her lips with my tingling anus instead. She didn't hesitate and immediately commenced lashing my sphincter with her tongue. I was impressed with her enthusiasm.

I ground my ass down on her face, savoring the slick warmth of her tongue as it skittered over the surface of my sphincter. Now that's assplay!

As good as it felt, however, this position had the disadvantage of preventing any view of the spectacular womanflesh writhing beneath me, and that was a sight I could not miss, so I reluctantly dismounted from my perch on her face.
