 It was late afternoon and he was driving home from work. He spotted a car on the center strip of the highway. It was one of those little sports cars that you see in the magazines. The hood was up and standing next to it was a woman. He pulled in behind her car and stopped.

Dressed in a dark business suit tailor tight, she looked like an executive from some Fortune 500 company. Her brown hair was done up in one of those tight french braids. The wind of passing cars whipped a stray lock around. Her short skirt fit her ass like a glove. Long tapered legs were wearing white stockings, ending in black high heels.

Mostly though he noticed her breasts. Large and firm, they pressed against the front of her blouse straining like they wanted to be free. He wanted to bury his head between them. She looked back at his truck, the sun reflecting off her mirrored sunglasses.

"What's wrong?" he asked getting out.

She shrugged and said, "It just stopped."

He walked up to the car and looked under the hood, checking to see if he could spot the trouble. As he looked around, his eyes kept being drawn her way. She was more beautiful up close than when he first spotted her.

Everything about her turned him on. But especially her breasts. When she bends forward he catches a glimpse down her blouse. A little bead of sweat is sparkling between her breasts. He wants to lick it from her flesh.

Several times she catches him looking at her. Instead of being angry, she seemed pleased at the attention. She must not meet many men at the office who treat her like the beautiful woman she is, he thought.

After a couple of minutes he finds the trouble. Somehow the wire on her distributor cap had come loose. He puts it back on.

"Try it now," he said.

As she walks around to the driver's seat he follows. Is she putting more strut in her walk because he was watching he wondered, or was that just his imagination? The motor starts right up. She lets it run for a minute then shuts it off. She leans back and reaches for her purse on the passenger seat.

"Let me give you something for your trouble," she said.

Her movements cause her short skirt to ride up. First stockings, then a red lace garter belt are exposed. Her long legs and underthings are a delight to his eyes.

"No thanks," he said. "Just being a good Samaritan."

She turns back, money in hand and sees where he is looking. The sexual tension between them is like electricity. Taking off her mirrored sunglasses, she looks him in the eyes.

"I really should thank you somehow," she murmurs.

Suddenly she leans forward, grabbing the front of his shirt. She pulls him down and kisses him. Her lips are hot and moist. With one hand she caresses the back of his neck. He feels the other undoing his belt and reaching inside his pants. Her fingers grasp his shaft and squeeze gently.

"Stand up," she orders.

She pulls out his cock then, where she has the freedom to play with it. He can feel her breath on his skin. Stroking him slowly, she licks at the head with her tongue giving it little nibbles with her teeth. She tickles his balls with a long nailed finger.

There is a weird surrealness to everything as he looked out over the roof of her little sports car as the other autos wizz by, all the while in the driver's seat this beautiful and sexy woman gives him head.

He hears her moan. Looking down, he sees her pull up her short skirt exposing little white lace panties. She slips a finger into the top of those panties and begins to finger herself as she sucks.

Suddenly a semi-truck thunders past. It shook her out of her erotic daze. She pulls her mouth off of him, her lips glistening and wet.

"I want you now!" she says, pulling off her panties and tossing them into the car behind her.

She scoots back into the car and he follows. With one hand clenching his shirt, she pulls him forward and on top of her. With the other hand, she guides his hard cock to her waiting sex. That little sports car is hot and tight, but not as hot nor tight as the slit which swallows his shaft. She is wet and he sinks balls deep in his first stroke. He would like to take his time, savor this beautiful woman but she has other ideas.

"Fuck me," she moans. "Fuck me!"

He is sure she's having one continuous orgasm since he entered her. She bucks, she purrs, she scratches at his back with her nails, anything she thinks will get him to fuck her the way she wants it. Lewd, crude and hard. He tries to do just that.

"Fuck me," she moans in his ear.

Reaching down, he grabs the front of her blouse. With a heave he pulls it open, popping the buttons loose. Her breasts are bare, for she wears no bra. And they are gorgeous. Large handfuls with hard little points on top. He buries his face between them. He takes first one nipple, then the other in his mouth, biting them softly with his teeth.

"Oh damn it, fuck me!" she moaned.

He pounds into her as hard as he can. Grabbing her around the waist, he pulls her stocking covered knees up under his arm and pushes her legs as wide open as he can get them in that small car. The hump between the seats pushes her back up and sets her crotch at just the right angle. He grabs her hands pulling them above her head and crushes his lips to hers. Pure carnal lust takes control. Soon he is moaning as loud as she.

It doesn't take him long. He feels his balls tighten, getting ready to unload. He rams himself deep, trying his best to pin her to the seat with his cock. He grinds his crotch against hers, crushes her breasts against his chest, then spurt after spurt, enjoys the blinding pleasure this woman has given him.

They both lay there for several minutes breathing hard before he has the strength to climb off of her. Standing in the car door, he pulls his pants closed.

She sits up and straightens her clothes, checking her makeup in the mirror. She chuckles, looking down at her ripped open blouse. Reaching into the car, she picks up her panties. Pressing them into his hand, she kisses him lightly.

"Something to remember me by," she whispers.

Then she pulls shut the car door, starts the motor and roars away. He stands there for a moment, fingering the moist lace and smelling her perfume on his clothes. With a smile he gets back in his truck. See he didn't put that distributor wire back on very tight. It just might come off again down the road...