 My ex had been, and still is, fantastic in bed. The reason she's an ex now is that she was a promiscuous, insatiable slut. When I came home to find her in bed with our next door neighbor, I decided to call it quits. Oh no it wasn't Bob Karey she was with, it was Sharon Karey. I had always suspected that she preferred women. So the outcome was that she and Sharon moved in with each other and Bob took off for parts unknown.

It's not to say we weren't still friends, Barbra and I, but living together was out of the question anymore. The only good thing about what we had was the sex. 

She, and sometimes Sharon, would stop over every couple of weeks just so she could get fucked. I guess she liked to switch once in a while so she could have a mans cock up in her tight cunt instead of a women using a dildo on her. And quite frankly she loved to suck cock so it worked out well for me too. 

There wasn't any agreement, it was just that she claimed that no other man knew how to satisfy her and I did. I think it was just because she didn't want to go out hunting, and we were good together. 

She would generally call me on my cell about five on a Friday evening and ask if she could stop by, usually around ten. Then I'd play my game of "get even," by telling her I had a date, or that something had come up and I couldn't make it.

That would drive her crazy and she sometimes actually would break out in tears. Her need to be fucked was something she couldn't do without and I was her pacifier, if you want to call it that.

Often she'd call during the week and ask for phone sex. You know, she'd have me describe what we used to do together and she'd masturbate while I'd reminisced. 

I have to admit that I would join in and jerk off too if I felt the need, and she'd listen to the sounds of my hand going up and down my well oiled cock and I'd have to listen to her moans as she began panting and squealing aloud that she was cumming.

When I suggested she find some other guy to service her, she claimed that I was larger than the other guys she had tried and probably, a bit thicker than average. She also seemed to like the fact that I'm cut and claimed that she liked the additional friction as I penetrated her.

So you see, I wasn't exactly starved for sex and that explains most of what happened last week.

I had just dropped of some manuscripts with my publisher and was going down in the elevator. On the way down a young girl got on and had tears in her eyes. She came on at the third floor and that's where the modeling agencies have offices. She was beautiful well beyond average, and I sort of felt sorry for her. I don't know really why, but I handed her my handkerchief and she blotted her eyes. 

Those eyes were this blue green that always made me melt and her body was lithe and supple. I astonished my self by asking her out for a drink and I was further surprised when she looked up at me and said, "sure, I'd like that."

I thought she might hesitate when I asked her if she wanted to follow me in her car or ride in mine. She smiled and explained she had come on a bus and wouldn't mind riding with me. Most girls don't agree to get in a strangers car after just meeting a them in an elevator five minutes earlier.

I took her to a quiet lounge I frequent. It was located just about three blocks away so I drove there. Arriving we went in. Taking a seat in a booth we both ordered Stingers. She appeared to be about nineteen or twenty and had that sort of face that's always childlike and so innocent. Her honey blonde hair was shoulder length and fashioned so it sort of curved in to frame her face.

I finally got up the courage to ask why she was so upset. Her lower lip quivered as she pushed a portfolio across the table, before explaining.

"I'm a secretary in a company near here, but the pay isn't very good and it's difficult to make ends meet. I was hoping to get a modeling job. That's my portfolio. They want me to include some nude poses and they said that they'd consider me if I add some. I never did a nude photo session. I cant afford to go to a studio and have those kinds of pictures taken."

I opened the folder and thumbed thru the pictures. The most revealing photos were in a bikini and she was truly beautiful. Flawless skin and perfect in every way. Her stats were impressive too. 5'5", 34B, 25, 36. I looked up at her again.

Breaking the silence I began. "Look I could loan you enough to get some pictures taken. How much would it take?"

She looked into my eyes and asked. "How could you? I mean what if I couldn't pay you back. No that's not a good Idea, but thanks."

She looked so woefully sad that I started to push the issue.

"Do you have an agent? I mean someone who might be able to help?"

Tilting her head slightly down she murmured. "No I thought I could do this myself."

That broke my heart. I ordered another round and somewhere between the drinks and seeing how depressed she was, I offered the loan again but told her she wouldn't have to repay it. She smiled up at me again, but still refused.

At that point she began asking more personal questions about me and during that conversation I told her about my failed marriage and what I had found my wife doing behind my back. I even told her about my ex's visits just to be satisfied on occasion, and that she sometimes brought her girlfriend along.

Our next stop was to this little Italian restaurant to have dinner. More drinks and light conversation over a lobster dinner and she seemed to perk up. 

A pianist had begun playing background music and the songs were sort of those slow tunes that people slow dance to, so I asked her if she wanted to dance. At first she told me she wasn't a good dancer, but finally gave in and got up. I took her to an intimate corner and we began dancing.

Ever notice that when a couple dances two things happen? Another couple got up and now the pianist began playing all dance music. 

I looked down at her as she snuggled close to my chest and I asked..."Care to give me your name? On the folio it said you were Cherie but is that your real name?"

"Unh hunh she mumbled, it's real. Cheryl really, but I like Cherie, it sounds sort of sexy. What's yours?"

"Brad," I answered. "And that's real too. I guess it's short for Bradley."

She giggled and snuggled even closer. She looked up and whispered, "I like that, it's sort of a sexy name too."

Her hand slid from my shoulder across my back and moved up to the nape of my neck. She pressed her firm breasts a bit harder against my chest and letting my hand go, reached behind her and took my hand pushing it slightly down so it rested a bit below the hollow of her back. Almost on her ass. Then again she took my free hand.

She was melting into me. Her body moved still closer and every so often she shifted her body slightly so her pussy would press against the front of my thigh. When the pianist took a break we gathered her folio and went to the bar.

Two more rounds and she was slurring slightly and I thought I'd better get her home. She was becoming rather affectionate and being considerably older than she was, I was uncomfortable. People were beginning to watch us.

In the car she cuddled close to my side and her left hand rested on my thigh. I held still and tried not to notice, but my cock would have none of that, and began to respond. She knew it. 

She gave directions and I tried to concentrate, but we missed one turn because she was now squeezing my cock thru my slacks. 

Almost humming she looked up at my face and in a velvety low voice murmured. "Your getting big Brad. Do I excite you? Do you like me to hold you like this? Would you like to have me............ You know, suck you off?"

It was getting out of hand and I just murmured, "Some other time. Right now lets just get you home, Ok?"

That didn't stop her and before I knew it she had my erect cock out and in her warm hand.

"My god Brad. Oh my god your huge. I can't believe it."

I had to stop her. "Look Cherie. Some other time. If you keep playing like that we're going to have an accident. I think we've had a bit too much to drink. Lets just behave ourselves. OK?" 

She giggled. "Just a little kiss, ok. Right on its head."

And before I could answer she had the head of my cock in her mouth and gave it a loud slurpy suck.

That was just as I was pulling up to her place and I managed to get her under control. I practically had to carry her in and I held on to her as I unlocked the front door. Inside she tugged me down the hallway to her bedroom and sat down on the bed. Leaning back she whispered. Undresh me. I wanna suck you. Undresh me and let me suck it. Please?"

I was willing to help her undress but she was too looped to even know what was going on and that's not the way things work, at least with me. I shouldn't have let her drink so much and felt sort of protective of her and could never let anything happen.  

I helped her out of her blouse and skirt. She didn't wear a bra. She didn't need one. She had on white panties and I intended to leave them on and just cover her but she insisted on taking them off too. 

I stood there gawking. Her body was flawless. No tattoos or even a freckle or blemish. Nothing but perfection. Even her cunt was perfect. Everything firm and tight. It was nestled within a very fine peach fuzzy patch. Almost juvenile in its perfection.......I hesitated for a moment. I could so easily take her but I couldn't do it. I covered her and quietly left.

When I got home I found her folio on the back seat of the car. I'd have to return it tomorrow. Going inside I found Barbara in my bed. I was pissed and asked why she hadn't called before coming over.

"Your phone was off. You turned your phone off and I needed that cock of yours sooooo bad Brad." Then she looked down. "Your fly is open. Your feeling horny too. I can tell. You're all ready for me."

I hadn't zippered my fly up after Cherie had opened it. I never noticed it open.

Well, I figured that since I was still feeling horny about my little near episode with Cherie, Barbara would be second best. I undressed and went to her. As usual the first thing she wanted was to suck cock so I stood by the bed as she slid to the floor and took my shaft and put it to her lips. 

"You using aftershave on your cock baby? It smells sort of good but....... Oh hell I don't give a shit just let me get you're cock ready for a real good time sweetheart. You know I can't do without it."

I stood stark still and let he mouth do its magic. I thought to myself.......Cherie's perfume. She smells Cherie's perfume on my cock. 

For the second time in less than an hour I had my hard dick in a beautiful woman's mouth and I decided to fuck this bitch until she was satisfied. 

Barbara shaves her cunt. Always has and probably always will. Her friend Sharon likes her that way and so do I. But I couldn't get Cherie's tight little pussy out of my mind. 

The tight little slit nestled in that fuzzy patch excited me almost more than Barb's clean shaven cunt. 

Now she had me up. Seven and a half inches of thick hard cock stood out, aimed at the ceiling when slowly she rose and laid on the bed.

That was her way of telling me she was ready for me to go down on her. Her legs splayed wide presenting her hot juicy cunt for me to lap, and I laid slightly to her side and lowered my lips to her parted womanhood. She rolled to her side, one leg held up, while my cheek rested on the inner thigh of her other leg. 

She took my cock back into her mouth and we began. Barb gets wet in a flash and was now trickling her syrupy clear fluid into my mouth. I worked my tongue up and down the length of the valley formed between the outer folds of her puffy cunt. 

My arm under her leg, found her ass, and my finger began to stroke the tiny puckered star. She sighed and began rolling my balls in her palm as she sucked my cock more fiercely. 

When I moved my pursed lips to her clit, she let go of my cock and whimpered. "Not yet. Not yet. Oh my god it's coming....... Getting close now. Yeah, oh yes, yes Brad I am baby.. Now I am. Oh god you are good. Your so fucking good.

I'm so accustomed to her that I can set her off in a matter of seconds, and I knew what she needed and yet I was so churned up by thoughts of Cherie, that I was afraid that I might be too fast even for myself.

Just at the instant she began to tremble and thrusting her cunt hard against my face, I began to cum. I couldn't even get a breath to warn her, but that worked to my advantage because she never heard me gasp, "Cherie," under my breath.

Barbara sucked and swallowed. She was good at that and it was her turn on to know that the intimacy of doing it, kept me on a sexual high. Doing that insured that I'd stay hard for what was to happen next.

Twisting around she laid on her back with her legs pulled up hard. Her knees just outside of her breasts, she was almost folded double. I moved to her ass and knelt. Slowly I lowered my cock and slid it into her gash and found her opening. 

Effortlessly I entered. She purred. Letting out a long sigh as I began to piston in and out. Within seconds she was groaning and gasping..... "I love it! Make me cum Brad. I need it."

Now making those soft mewing sounds, she began to pant. The longer I drove my cock in and out the more she began to quiver and squirm. Soon she was beginning to writhe, tossing her body and rolling left and right. Her legs suddenly straightened out and lifted. 

Sobbing aloud she moaned. "Yeah.... Oh yes, Yesss, I'm cumming. Oh fuck I'm gonna do it. I'm cumming all over your cock. Fill me up. Deeper. Yeah baby, just like old times. Give me cock, more cock like that!"

I drove in deep and fast until she threw her arms out wide and had climax after climax when, in a husky voice, she moaned: "I can't cum anymore. I can't make it anymore Brad. Just let me rest a minute." 

I pulled out with a soft sucking sound and stood up. She rolled over and took my cock in her mouth and licked her own juices off making those salacious sucking sounds. Then her panting slowed stopped and she turned her ass to me and spoke.

"Ok, I'm ready. Do it again. I'm ok now. I can take it honey. Do it like you always liked. Ram it in deep and pull all the way out and shove it back in deep. I want to feel you stretching my nasty cunt open for you.. I always liked it rough."

That meant she wanted to be spanked hard and have her hair pulled. Leaning back I stood about six inches behind her butt and each time I pulled out, I'd slap her ass as hard as I could just at the instant I drove my cock back in. And all she would do is sob. 

"More, yeah like that, hurt me. Give it to me nasty like that. Oh god your so fucking big and thick, I love it! Make me cum again Brad. Do it to me more!"

She came two more times before asking me to stop. We washed up and she dressed while I made us a nightcap. Then she left.

The next morning around ten I went back to Cherie's place with her folio. She probably expected me because she was all dressed up with her makeup on and her hair done up in that cute pixy style. She had opened the door and gave me an apologetic sort of look. Almost like a small child trying to say I'm sorry with her eyes.

I walked in and turned to her with my hand outstretched, offering her the folio. Her eyes never broke contact with mine as she asked: "did we? You know did we fuck? I mean this morning I woke up with nothing on. You saw me like that and I wondered, did we make love?"

I shook my head no, and explained what had happened. Strangely she seemed sad about it. Then her face brightened and she practically danced across the room and lifted a package. "It's my brothers camera. We can take those pictures they want and it won't cost me anything. Then she paused and looked seriously at me.

"You will help me won't you. I mean you saw me undressed and all so I know I wont be uncomfortable if you taking the pictures. Please, oh please Brad. It will be good with you taking them and we can do it in the back yard or bedroom anywhere, please, pretty please, Brad."

No one could refuse, not the way she looked and with her hair all done up and makeup on she was obviously prepared. I nodded and she broke out in a bright smile. I fumbled with the camera and went to a table and checked it out. When I turned back to her I was a little shaken to see her standing there in the middle of the room totally nude.

"Notice anything different Brad?"

I looked her up and down as she pirouetted for me. "Nooooo your just as beautiful as ever, just perfect in every way."

"I shaved it, my pussy," she gushed. "Look, I shaved it just for you and for the pictures. They like it that way, don't you? Did I do something wrong?"

I felt flushed. I don't know how to handle this little minx. I told her I loved it and it was sooooo sexy. But the reason I was so flushed was because I couldn't take my eyes off her pussy now that she had given me an excuse to stare at it. 

In my minds eye I was licking and lapping at that tight little envelope. I was actually starting to tremble, and my cock was beginning to do its own thing,... swell up.

I didn't say a thing.... She was doing all the talking until she saw my reaction. 

Now she was staring at my crotch and a hungry look came over her face. She paused and offered a suggestion.

"Maybe if you got me sort of sexed up and all, the pictures would be better, you know more erotic. Do you think you could undress and do the pictures like that, with nothing on?

Again that pleading look and again I melted. Shit I couldn't say no to her if my life depended on it.

I set the camera down and began to undress. She watched intently. I was embarrassed because I was now semi erect and weeping precum. I tried to stop it by wiping it off with my palm but as soon as I did, another droplet formed.

"Oh my god. Oh your big. It's starting to stand up. Oh that's so,...... so hard looking. Brad........ will you cum from it getting that way?"

I had to laugh, not loud, just a low chuckle as I softly announced, "Nooo Not without help Cherie."

Can I, you know go down and kiss it? Like in the car last nigh? I remember that. Could we do that again?"

I changed the subject. "Lets get back to the pictures Cherie. You're probably as sexed up as we need and I think we better do what we started."

I followed her into the back yard and she began posing. She was good, and with the sunlight illuminating her body she was perfect. I must have take fifty or sixty pictures in various poses. By now I was nearly back to normal. 

Her next choice for taking more pictures was back in the living room. We paused so she could make some drinks and relax. Well maybe she relaxed but the way she was sitting was less than settling for me. She took her drink and sat on the love seat. Once settled in, she positioned herself provocatively with her legs parted.

Lifting the glass she sipped the drink and began fondling herself. It was a sex tease of sorts and she was getting to me. I couldn't take my eyes off her. She was flawless. And now stroking her body with her fingers gracefully flowing across her breasts and pussy it was almost as if she were some sort of hula dancer gracefully touching and imitating the flow of the waves on some tropic island. 

I was becoming aroused again. She was doing it deliberately. It was seduction at its finest. One moment she acted childlike. The next she was a well controlled seductress, and I was becoming uncomfortably aroused. There was no way of hiding it, and as she saw my reaction, she became more daring.

Sort of moving snakelike she would turn and hold her ass and pat it. Next she would turn and fondle her nipples, pulling gently at them until they became swollen and erect. Now running the tip of her tongue around her lips she reached down and spreading her legs wide, and held the lips of her cunt apart, watching my face, her eyes calling me to taste her.
