 Lois stood before the mirror, leaning on the bathroom vanity. How did she feel about today's surprising happenings? She shook her head slowly, letting her thoughts sort themselves out. 

She certainly felt some guilt feelings. There was the fear of Andy finding out, too. What could she possibly say to him? A shudder coursed her body, "this must be what the writers describe as "her blood ran cold" she said aloud, as she brushed a lash off her cheek near her eye and examined her face. 

It was a little red - "the bastard, she muttered, he could at least shave." It was as if a wire brush had been rubbed against her. In spite of herself, she smiled as she soothed it away with a cream. She was smiling that he had been so desperately excited.

"Excited. Imagine. Excited beyond control. And over me!" she said, her smile broadening. "Makes a nice change from Andy taking me for granted lately."

"You're not being fair, are you?" She chided the girl she didn't recognize in the mirror. After all, it was probably both of them who had let some of the gleam come off their lovemaking. Still she thought it was more his fault than hers, allowing himself to let work be so important that he never thinks of those exciting little ways of initiating a love session.

But what to do about this thing that had happened with Allen? She slipped into the cups of her bra and stretched to fasten it, her face screwed up quizzically. 

She thought back to him as she pulled a clean pair of white cotton panties up over her hips, snapping the elastic in place. "He was so aggressive. He didn't even undress me properly." 

She thought about the roughness of his big thick fingers that pulled the gusset of her panties aside, exposing her wetness to his huge organ. Lois recalled the sensation when she felt the blunt head of it touch her, parting her pussy lips for the first time. Then the startling searing heat she felt as it sort of 'popped' past the initial tightness of the entry to her vagina. "Ohmigawd, she muttered to the mirror. Rolling her eyes at the astonished stranger staring back at her. "It's wrong, I know that! ... But...I think I have to have another go at it. ... It was such a startling feeling.. ... And he had not let her ... fully ... enjoy it." She knew she would not be satisfied until she pulled that huge beastly cock all the way into her lusting pussy. She wanted to know what it must feel like. How filled will I feel? He only let me have it for a few brief strokes, and not all of it either! The beast! And then he pulled out and spewed all over me."

She grinned self consciously once more, recognizing her 'not so secret' pleasure in having driven him nearly out of his mind with excitement. 

"Beyond control, he was!" Then came the absolutely wanton idea - what a thought! It would be so unlike her, so unexpected. But it thrilled her beyond anything she thought she could have conjured for herself. The idea of having them both - one for the beast-like, animal taking of her body, ... and Andy for the gentle soothing, considerate sex, with all the caresses ... and his tongue licking her to attention there between her legs where the wetness was returning unbidden even now, just with the thought of it all. 

"Yes, why not? Why not the best of both worlds for a little while?" "Besides, maybe Andy deserves it for leaving me so unsatisfied! Wasting what he's got between his legs as far as I'm concerned!"

She finished dressing and headed down to start making dinner. Andy would surely be strolling through the door soon. 

Even though Lois was feeling slightly self-conscious during dinner, Andy didn't ask about her day. She felt a blush rising in her face as she thought of Allen's big cock pushing its way past the fleshy slippery lips of her pussy while holding a normal dinner conversation across from her husband. But, Andy seemed more interested in his paper, so she finally brought up her day rather brazenly.

"You should see what Allen and I made of his bathroom today!" She enjoyed the irony of it.

"Oh, that's right, how was the project? Was he all thumbs as I promised?" 

Lois felt an overwhelming desire to say something like "Well not all thumbs, exactly!" But she held back and just told him how well the project came out in the end. 

"What would you say if you knew that he had hurled me to the floor, ripped open my dress, tugged my panties aside and slipped his huge cock into me?" she thought. Again she felt a flush coming over her face and also wetness between her legs. She leaned back in her chair and thought "Ohmigod, this is terrible of me, but so exhilarating!" She rubbed her mound against Andy's shoulder as she picked up the plates and took them to the sink.

Lois came to bed wearing a white slip instead of a nightgown to find Andy already on his side turned away from her. The light was out on his side of the bed. She slipped in beside him and pondered his back a moment. She moved up close behind him, reached around to find his limp, unsuspecting cock and began idly stroking him to a mild arousal. "MMnnnnnhhhhf." He muttered contentedly.

"You remember when we talked about Allen a couple weeks ago?"

"Huh? What, ... what do you mean? I don't recall."

You know, you asked me if I thought that because a man is big above the belt line do you think he would be big below the beltline, too?" she giggled, her tummy wriggling against his rear-end. She was pretending a coy titillating interest.

Andy, uttered a low laugh, "Ah, got you thinking, did it? I thought you were more interested than you let on!!!! He guffawed a bit and put his hand behind to find her mound. "Got you stirred up, then? I'll have to keep an eye of Allen, then, will I?'" It was clear that it was stimulating him, too, as his cock sprang to erection under her light stroking.

He turned toward her. "And what have you decided?" he leered.

"Oh, nothing, really. Don't be silly. Thought about it a couple times today though." Now her face surely was beet red with how far she had taken the discussion. His hand cupped her pussy now. She knew he had found her puffy lips engorged and a wet pool there under her panties. His hand found her breast, its nipple probing through the nylon and lace of the white slip. Her pussy was flooding with juices now, and Andy's finger had found her clit while she continued to fondle his cock and slipped down to squeeze his balls.

"I think wallpapering affects you, that's what I think. When are you going to do ours?" he laughed close to her ear, then let his tongue tease it. "You're sooooooo wet, my dear, what have you been doing?" he teased. Andy was rock hard now.

Lois thought how interesting it is what turns men on. They were strange, strange, strange, she repeated to herself. "I'll never understand them." Andy had not been this excited in weeks. It was similar to the way they were so interested in girls' underwear. She never understood that either. In fact it made her dig her heels in every time the subject came up. She wanted to be loved for herself, not for the silkiness of her panties, she always said. It made her defiant, wearing her undies until they were frayed, getting full value, she insisted. There is no explaining men!!!! She thought.

By now, Andy had turned around to find her pussy with his lips. Slipping his head under her slip, clasping her bottom through the silky slip with both hands, he pushed her panties aside with his tongue and buried it deep in the crease of her body. 

"Ohhhhhhh!" she shivered as his tongue found the urgent hardness of her clitoris, twirling it with his tongue then biting it lightly, pulling on it with his lips. "Ohhhhhhh!' it felt good, in spite of the rough handling it had had earlier from Allen. Lois felt a slight burning sensation when his tongue parted her vagina entry, but it passed soon and she was happy to have him explore her. His hands were so gentle on her ass cheeks - one of her (or two, depending how you looked at it) best features according to Andy. She loved having him rub her there, and it sent even more of her juices flowing to meet his eager tongue.

Andy felt her lips toy with the head of his cock. He stopped for a moment, not sure how much more he could take, then pushed his hips forward, slipping past her lips and into her mouth. She sucked on his cock as he continued moving his tongue deep in her delicious pussy. Her teeth scraped on his cock - the one thing she did which scared the hell out of him. He was sensitive to her biting there and he pulled away in favor of letting his cock switch places where his tongue had just been.

Lois laid back and watched as he knelt between her legs, lifting the slip to display her prominent pussy mound. He cupped it and looked into her eyes, then stripped off her white cotton panties quickly and, holding them in his hand, moved forward, lead by his six-inch cock. She felt him slip it up and down along her wet lips, letting it circle her clit. Suddenly, he was inside her in one long smooth thrust. Their pubic hair touched, hers matted now with wet juices, now sharing her wetness with his brush-like patch of hair. She thrust up to meet him as he began his steady soothing stroking in and out of her tunnel.

Her legs pulled him into her as he pulled her straps aside to get at her breasts and she felt him suckling on her nipples as he gently massaged her with his pelvis and his cock. She thought of the difference between the huge cock that had marauded there earlier and this nice sized one with its more familiar feel. This man-cock that had been hers these last twenty years. She knew every trick, every vein, knew the temperature it would feel like, could feel when it was ready to deliver its surge of cock juice into her. She fondled it with her pussy, moving her hips in an insinuating little circle.

Andy's thrusting grew more impatient. He could tell that his balls were getting tense, ready to shoot his load of semen up his shaft and splash lustily into her waiting cunt. He could feel himself straining for that surge! And there it was, firing up his shaft. He felt Lois milking his cock in that familiar way she had, like she couldn't wait for it. He collapsed onto her, sweaty and spent. He moved his legs to the outside of her legs, pressing them tight around his cock, now losing its hardness as it was squeezed out of her hot pussy, soft and beaten.

He rolled off her, kissed her cheek and put his hand over her mound, letting his finger linger in the wetness as he headed for sleep. Lois touched his chest, felt his regular breathing and lay staring at the ceiling. 

She smiled, feeling really satisfied for the first time in some weeks. She stared into the darkness, wondering how this would all work out. 

Her pussy felt ... well ... extraordinary, it had been through a lot for one day.

She got up, feeling his cum sliding out of her and running down her thighs as she walked toward the bathroom. She stopped to taste a little of it from her fingers.

Lois stood in front of the mirror and looked at herself, eyes wide, a smile breaking across her face. She lifted the slip and gazed at her blond curls, just hiding the crease of her body - "This is all your fault!" she whispered.