 Note: this story comes chronologically after my other two stories, Halloween Fun and Halloween Fun 2. This story takes place right before Marie leaves for college, leaving Rob in her hometown.

* * * * *

Hi. I'm Marie. When I was back in high school, I spent the Halloween of my junior and senior years with my boyfriend, Rob. Those times, we'd gotten together and gone trick or treating. However, the Halloween coming up this year will not be spent together... it will be spent apart. This is largely due to the fact that a few months ago, I left my small hometown to go to college, and I will not be home for Halloween.

But this story isn't about Halloween... no, not at all. This story is about a couple who would soon be separated by many miles when one of them went off to college. This is the story... of how they said good-bye.

It all started a week before I had to leave to go to college. I had been going out with Rob for about a year and a half, and at the end of the week, I was going to be separated from him for quite a while. The college I'd chosen was 4 hours away from home, so I could not even come home on weekends to visit. Of course, even if it had been closer, my parents had no intention of buying me (or letting me buy) a car to take to college with me. The Z4 (that we had) would sit unused in the garage for the portion of the year while I was in college. They didn't want me to be able to drive into the city and get myself drunk, raped, and killed. Of course, I guess that could have happened anyway... the city was only about a 10 minute walk from campus. But back to the story.

Two days before I had to leave for college, one of my aunts became ill. As she was an aunt that I despised because of how conceited she was, I opted to stay home while my parents drove 6 hours to see her. I could have cared less if she lived or died. All I could think about was how much I was going to miss my friends and boyfriend. Completely uncharacteristic of my parents, they left me home alone. They told me that they'd be gone two days and they would come back to get me on the day that I had to leave to go to college. Little did they know how I would spend my days.

Actually, the first of the two days I spent packing. Being a procrastinator by nature, nothing was packed, even though I was leaving for college on the following day. I was never able to figure out how my family always managed to put things off until the very last moment, then squeeze everything we had to do in, AND remember to take everything with us; but somehow we did. My parents, also being procrastinators, had put off buying any food before they left to visit my aunt. That left me two days with only stale pizza to eat. Yum. Well, I kind of missed having bananas for breakfast every day, but I'd live until my parents came back. 

The second day that I was left alone, Rob called to see if I could come over. It was still early in the morning, around 11 a.m. His parents and siblings had just left, leaving him with the whole house to himself. They had gone to Indiana Beach on that warm August morning, and were planning on staying as long as the weather held up. He had figured that they would stay all day, as there was not a cloud in the sky.

With my parents gone, I took my dad's Civic (and his cell phone) and drove the 3 miles to Rob's house. I knew he'd left the door open for me, as he always did. I was glad to know that I was welcome at his house. I entered the house and started to look around for him. Going down into the rec room in their basement, I spotted him on a couch, watching television. The couch was set up next to a table, where a basket of fresh fruit and a can Redi Whip lay. I had not had breakfast that morning, because of my parents' absent-mindedness, and the fruit looked delicious.

"Hey," I sat down next to him, "Can I have a piece?"

"Sure."

I reached for a banana, not even thinking of the connotations it could have had. At that moment, my cell phone rang. Putting the fruit down, I answered it and found it to be Jessi, one of my friends. She seemed to have an idea about why my parents had forgotten to buy food... specifically, why they'd forgotten to buy bananas.

"You know how you were saying that your parents forgot to buy bananas?" she asked me.

"Yeah... they forgot to buy A LOT of stuff..."

"Well, did it ever occur to you that this could be some kind of symbol?"

"No... unlike to you... not every little thing has a deeper meaning to me."

"Well, do you want to hear what I think it means?" she enthusiastically asked.

"Not particularly, no..."

"Well, I'm gonna tell you anyway. I think it means that while you're at college, there's going to be a lack of bananas, in your life."

"Oooooook... so I won't have fruit for breakfast, big deal..."

"No, BANANAS," she stressed the word, "as in the ones that are attacked to guys... at a level below the waist..."

"Ahh. I'm gonna go now..."

"So maybe you should stock up now... if you know what I mean."

"Sure," I said, glancing over at Rob. He'd seemed to take an interest in the conversation and was watching me. "Well, just so you know, I'm at Rob's house, so..."

"Banana stocking time!" 

"Well, that's NOT what I was thinking, but..."

"I know... but if you guys get bored..."

"We never get bored..."

"But if you do..."

"We won't..."

"You guys could make a banana split! All you guys would need is a firm banana, which I know you have, and a few other things..."

"I got to go, Jessi..."

"Remember!"

"Bye Jessi..."

"Bye."

I was FINALLY rid of her. She was one of those reasons why I was dying to go AWAY to college. As if I didn't already have sex on the brain 24/7, she was there to point out every single thing she could think of that could even be slightly related to something sexual. I'd been friends with her for 7 years, but she had gotten to be too much for me. I would be glad to be in college, FAR FAR away from her.

Coming back to reality, I put away the cell phone, turning it off. Then I reached for the banana, trying to push all sexual thoughts out of my mind. I must have paused and stared while trying to think of something else, and Rob noticed.

"Was that Jessi?"

"Who else?"

"Let me guess... something with symbols again?"

"Yeah... but I don't want to talk about that."

"Ok. When do you leave?"

"Tomorrow morning," I said, glancing down to start peeling the peel off of the banana. 

Rob started to watch me as I peeled the peel down and took a bite of the banana. As I looked up at him, I realized that he must have heard EXACTLY what Jessi had said. The volume on my dad's cell phone was always turned all the way up, so many times, people could hear the entire conversation I was having just by standing next to me. He was paying WAAAY too much attention to that banana. 

I looked at the banana and then back at him. "Wish this was you?" I grinned as I put what was left of the banana into my mouth and then slowly pulled it out, imitating a bj. As I pulled the end of the banana out, I flicked my tongue on the tip. For a minute or so, he was completely silent.

Rob paused for a minute, and then sighed... "Yeah."

"Yeah, what?" I questioned.

"You said 'do you wish that was you?'...yeah, I do."

"You're bad..."

"Hey, you're the devil, not me..."

"No, I'm not..."

With that, Rob leaned in and planted a feathery light kiss on my lips. As I looked over at him, I could see that he was already getting horny, and the fun hadn't even really started yet. Well, it would, soon enough. 

"You don't have to be home anytime soon, do you?" he asked me.

"Nope, I've got all the time in the world."

"Good," he murmured before his lips met mine in a passionate kiss. We continued kissing and before long, our tongues had become intertwined. Rob pushed me down so that I was laying on my back on the couch and again he started to kiss me. As the weight of his body rested on mine, I could feel his rock hard cock pressing against my thigh. 

He broke our kiss, to get a breath of air. 

"Hey, what about that banana split she suggested?"

"Maybe..." I replied.

"Think about it, what is really in a banana split?" he paused, "A banana, ice cream, whipped cream, and a cherry to top it off."

"What are we missing?"

"I don't know what you've got in your fridge..."

"I think we've got everything but the ice cream and cherry... you lost that cherry last Halloween...oh, and you just ate the last banana," he grinned.

"No... I can think of one more banana sitting around here."

"Really?"

"Yep," I replied as I kissed him again. While we kissed, I reached one hand down to lightly grip his manhood. "Oh, look, I found it."

"The ripest of them all..." he joked.

"And the tastiest..."

"Of course."

"Can I have a taste?"

"Anytime you want..."

I moved so that I was kneeling in front of the couch and I started to undo his pants. He was wearing shorts, for once (he didn't like wearing shorts), allowing me to caress his cock by putting my hands up the leg of his pants. As I kneaded his firm manhood, he grinned at me and said, "Hey, whatever happened to the banana split?"

I pulled his shorts and briefs off with one downward tug. His cock curved up towards his stomach as he stretched out on the couch. He then reached over to the table and handed me the can of Redi Whip. 

"Banana split, coming right up..." I grinned as I covered his cock in whipped cream. I then put the can down and looked up at him before continuing.

"You're enjoying this immensely, aren't you?" he teased.

"Maybe...but not as much as you'll enjoy this," I commented as I leaned forward and started to lick the whipped cream off of his cock. It only took a few long licks to get the majority of it off, but by that point, I had him moaning every time my tongue or mouth came in contact with his cock. 

I started to slowly take the head of his cock into my mouth to tease him. Making him wait was fun. I couldn't really see his face, (because he was lying down on the couch) but I knew that it had a look of intense pleasure pasted all over it as I leaned over and took his cock into my mouth, right up to the balls. As his cock was enveloped by the hot velvety wetness of my mouth, he let out a long deep groan.

I slowly started to suck his cock, swirling my tongue around the head of it. I could hear his breathing speeding up with every minute I continued my administrations. As I deep throated him, I reached my hand down to cup his balls. I lightly ran my hands over them. As he neared his orgasm, I felt his cock swell in my mouth and his balls tense up. With a deep moan, he came. I continued to suck on his cock, as it shot its cum deep down my throat. I hungrily swallowed it all up, while he enjoyed his orgasm.

"That was...wow. I haven't had a good orgasm in a really long time."

"I'm sure you'll have another one, soon..." I said as I quickly stripped off my jeans and panties. I then walked over to the couch and straddled his body. As I leaned over to kiss him, I reached my hand down to his still-hard cock and started to guide it towards my dripping pussy. 

"Ready for me, already?" he asked me.

"Oh, well, you know, I had a dream about this last night, so... I've been very horny ever since..."

"You always have dreams like that..."

With that, I lowered myself onto his hard manhood. I gasped as I felt it slowly penetrate me. I moved myself up and down on his cock a few times, until he somehow managed to flip us over, so that he was on top. He then started to thrust his cock in and out of my pussy. He reached a hand between us and started to rub my clit. I sighed as pleasure took over my body and I felt my orgasm building. Rob continued to kiss me as we made love. I could tell that he was close to cumming a second time as he pistoned his cock faster and deeper inside of me. One final deep thrust from Rob triggered my orgasm. My pussy clenched down hard on Rob's pulsing cock, as I softly gasped out my pleasure. Rob came right after me, spurting his seed deep into my womanhood. 

We lay there in orgasmic bliss, both of us spent from our orgasms. As our breathing started to slow down, we relaxed in each others arms. Because we had never shut the television off, we had un-knowingly set off a chain of events: we never heard a rainstorm start, a car approach the house, a car alarm go off, or a garage door open. What we did hear was this: "Rob? Are you downstairs?" It was his 8 year old sister, home from Indiana Beach. 

"Yeah... hold on a sec!" Rob replied. She didn't exactly "hold on"... we could hear her start down the stairs. The second we heard that, we both jumped off the couch and scrambled to get our clothes on. We somehow managed to get situated so that it looked like we were just sitting there watching TV by the time she came over by us. She casually came up to Rob, gave him a hug, and quickly left.

"You know, despite all the times we ALMOST get caught, I'm really gonna miss you..." Rob confessed.

"I'm gonna miss you too... it will be weird not being able to see you whenever I want..."

"I'll come and visit..." 

"You better..." I laughed, "because with my luck, no one else will."

"You can count on it..."

With that, Rob's cell phone rang. Pulling it out of his pocket, he answered it and then handed it to me.

"Hi, Marie? This is Mom..." said the voice on the other side of the phone, "Are you at Rob's house? Because I tried calling your cell phone and it was turned off."

"Yeah, I'm at Rob's. And I turned the phone off so I wouldn't be interrupted..."

"So you wouldn't be interrupted in the middle of what? Sex?"

"Sure, Mom," I answered sarcastically.

"Well, we just wanted to let you know that we're on our way home, and we'll be home in about a half hour. That gives you 15 minutes to say good-bye to Loverboy. Ok, sweetie?"

"Sure, mom."

That meant that I had to get home. With a 15 minute drive ahead of me, I had only 15 minutes to really say good-bye to Rob. Our good-bye was short, but sweet and sad. I knew I'd probably never see him again; life's journey would probably take us to different places and we'd forget about the love we once had. Maybe years from then, we'd be looking through old picture albums and see a picture of ourselves with our old significant others. And we'd remember that we went out with them, but it would have been so long ago that we would have forgotten all the tiny details we used to know... like how they didn't like wearing shorts... and we'd have forgotten the reason we loved them...and it would be just like looking at an old photograph of a stranger, who we never met: we might think they're good looking, but may very well remember/know nothing about them.

Before I left, I kissed Rob one final time and promised to call and e-mail. I didn't want to lose track of him.

The next day, I was off to college. My parents dropped me off and I went to register. Once the college knew who I was, I went to go find my dorm room. Looking at my form, I saw that my room was #560. After carrying my heavy bags up 5 flights of stairs, I went down a loooong hallway and reached my room. The door was open, and I could see that there were already two people there.

As I walked into my new "home," I saw a girl with long black hair and brown eyes lying down on one of the beds. A tall, dark, and handsome guy was leaning against the wall, talking with her. I observed that the girl had also just arrived, as all that was in the room (besides her and the guy) was a mini-fridge. I put my bags down and sat down on the un-occupied bed.

"Hi, I'm Marie."

"Hi, I'm Tina... and this is Andrew, my boyfriend." I shook hands with both of them.

"Have you had lunch yet?" Andy asked me.

"Nope... I just got here... and from what I hear, the dining hall is on the other side of campus..."

"Yep, it is," Tina replied. "Let me see what I can fix up for you. Andy, find something for her in my fridge..."

Andy started looking through Tina's fridge and pulled out a glass pudding dish that had something in it. I couldn't see what it was, as it were covered in saran wrap. He handed it to me with a spoon.

"Here, have a banana split..."

I took it from him, and started to peel off the saran wrap.

"Do you like banana splits?" Tina asked me. 

"Sure."

"You know what banana splits reminds me of?" Tina laughed. I just smiled a knowing smile. 

"You ever had one of those banana splits?" she asked me.

It was just like home. I would never escape.

Feel free to send me feedback and any ways that I could improve my writing!!! Thanx!!