 They'd spent the day together, just talking. Getting to know each other. They'd met online and had spent hours instant messaging, but it was different in person.

They'd started the day at a coffee shop, where for almost two hours they'd talked about themselves. They'd wandered around a department store, where he'd joked about helping her choose lingerie. Then, in search of a place to sit and talk, they'd gone to her place.

Now it was time for him to head home. Regretting that nothing had happened, that she hadn't had the guts to make a move, she followed him to the front hall and watched him put on his boots. He hugged her and briefly kissed her lips. "I decided to behave today," he said. "I thought it was better that way, to give us a chance to know each other and trust each other."

Disappointed, she nodded. "Yeah."

"Well, don't you think that's a good thing?"

"Yes, I appreciate it." She smiled a little. "But just for the record, you could have misbehaved a little, if you'd wanted to."

"You said you didn't like pushy guys," he reminded her.

"True. But you aren't pushy. And like I said, you could have misbehaved a little."

He pulled her to him for another hug. "I'm trying to behave." But when their lips met, his tongue parted them. 

At first only their tongues played; he kept his hands perfectly still, holding her against him as they kissed. But just for a moment. Slowly he ran his hands along her sides, then slid one to her breast. She gasped. 

He moved his hands to her back. When he touched the skin between her shirt and pants, she shivered. It had been months since she'd felt a man's touch on her bare skin. His fingers skimmed the waistband of her pants, then moved upward, under her shirt. One hand slowly made its way to her front, finally making contact with her breast. 

She caught her breath as he caressed her breast and lightly squeezed her nipple. He wasn't the first man to touch her this way, but it was the first time it had felt this good. He broke their kiss and looked into her eyes with a smile. "I'm still trying to behave," he said, stroking her breast.

She laughed. "You're behaving. We still have our clothes on."

"For now," he teased. He lifted her shirt and lowered his mouth to her breast.

She moaned as his tongue flicked her hardened nipple. This man was making her feel better than she'd ever felt before, and they'd barely begun. He held her with one arm and with the other hand rubbed her pussy through her slacks. She was instantly wet. 

His hand lingered over her slacks for a moment, then tugged at the button and zipper. She started; did she want to allow him that access? The indecision was brief. Yes, she wanted to. She might only have met him that morning, but she felt she'd known him for years, and trusted him as completely as she'd ever trusted anyone. She made no move to stop his explorations. He slipped his fingers into her panties. When one made contact with her clit, she jumped. "Mmm, that feels nice."

"I'm glad you like it. You're so wet."

"I wonder how that happened."

He laughed. "You were wet before I started!"

"I told you I have a good imagination. Maybe I've been imagining this." 

He pressed her clit with his finger. Her legs trembled and she let out a whimper. "I'm going to fall."

He tightened his arm around her back. "No, you won't." 

His finger made its way from her clit into her depths and thrust in and out. Her breathing grew faster. When his finger returned to her clit, two light flicks was all it took. Her moans were close to screams as her orgasm, her first ever from a man's hand, ripped through her.

When she managed to look at him again, he had a smile on his face. "Your ex never did that for you?"

She shook her head. "No one ever did that for me."

"You're joking."

"No. I came a few times during sex with my ex, if I was really horny before we started, but he didn't do foreplay. He never touched me like that."

"Damn. I can't believe no one ever took the time to get you off. We'll have to fix that." 

His finger again found her clit and pressed it hard. Her legs shook harder than before and she spread them, trying to keep her footing. Without taking his finger from her clit, he turned her so she could lean against the living room doorway. "Now you can't fall," he said. 

He lightly flicked her clit again, moving his finger faster and faster until she shuddered, crying out his name as she came again. She buried her face in his shoulder. "That was incredible."

"I'm glad you liked it."

She looked at him and they kissed again. Shyly she traced her finger along the waistband of his pants, then slid her hand to his hard bulge. He moaned his appreciation as she caressed it, gently at first, then with more force as she gained courage. 

His finger pressed again on her clit, eliciting a whimper. "Please, no more."

He grinned. "Why not?"

"I can't stand it. It's too much."

For a moment, he took his hand from her pussy, just long enough to undo his belt and pants. At her first sight of his cock, she gasped. He'd sent her pictures, but they didn't give any idea of what the real thing was like. And he'd said it wasn't big! 

He took her hand and guided it to his cock. She stroked it gently, then wrapped her hand around it. "Mmm, that feels good," he said. "Do you like to do oral?"

"I... I haven't done it much," she admitted. "My ex hated giving or receiving."

"He did? What an idiot. I'd love to feel your lips around my dick. Want to try it?"

She hesitated, but only for a second. "Yes."

"Then go for it."

On her knees, she took his cock into her mouth. She hadn't done this often, but she'd read enough erotic stories to have a pretty good idea of what she was doing. At first, she tongued the head. From the way he caught his breath, she knew she was doing fine. 

She slid her mouth down his shaft, taking it as deeply as she could. Almost too deeply; she gagged slightly and had to back off. He didn't seem to mind. He stroked her hair as she sucked and licked. "You're damn good at this," he said. "Are you sure you've never done this before? You're a fucking natural!"

With her mouth full of cock, she couldn't answer. Within moments, he groaned and said, "I'm coming. If you don't want it in your mouth, you'd better stop."

What would his cum taste like? She decided she wanted to find out. She continued sucking until she felt a gush of warm liquid filling her mouth. Instinctively, she swallowed. "What did you think of that?" he asked.

"Didn't taste like I expected." She stood and smiled at him. "Did you like it?"

"Hell yeah, I liked it! Now it's your turn."

Before she could ask what he meant, he yanked her pants down and knelt in front of her. He pulled one of her legs toward him, positioning her so he could access her pussy with his tongue. At the first lick, she cried out. Her clit was still sensitive, and his licks and nibbles rapidly brought her to orgasm again. "Oh, my god!" she shouted.

He looked up with a grin. "See what you've been missing?"

"Uh huh!" She sagged against the doorway. "I think that's enough. You'll kill me if you do any more."

"I think you'd survive." He stood and kissed her. "But okay, we'll stop. I really do have to get home. Next time, though..."

"Next time, we'll start earlier and get farther," she said.

"I was hoping you'd say that. Thanks for a great day."

She kissed his cheek. "Thanks for a great goodbye hug."