 James and I have shared many wonderful moments together and have experienced many things. Unfortunately, the fall of our senior year in college, things began to fall apart. First there was the incident of the Frat Party, and then there were senior projects and job stress and money issues, and other indiscretions on my part with my female friends. Just before Thanksgiving, after James and I had been 'on a break' for about three months, when things were looking very bleak, I met Connor.

I can't say exactly what it is that attracted me to him, although there was something there from the beginning -- I could tell we would have a lot of fun together. He had red hair and glasses and this cute, sarcastic smile that made me weak in the knees. He made me feel like the most attractive woman he'd ever known. He could make me giggle and then laugh hard, just as easily as he could make my entire body blush. Connor was everything James wasn't, most of all mature. And older -- he was 34 when I met him. There has always been something so sexy about the thought of being with an older, more experienced man, and Connor has shown me that there are WORLDS of difference. One evening, as it was getting late and it was approaching bedtime, I asked Connor to tell me a bedtime story. It had been a long day and I just needed to forget about school and put work behind me, and I just wanted to snuggle up to him and listen to him whisper something into my ear as I fell asleep.

I slipped out of my clothes and slid into bed, pulling the sheets up to my neck, and Connor lay down next to me, his hand draped casually over my torso, hand caressing the small of my back lightly. He brushed his lips against mine lightly and then looked into my eyes.

"What would you like me to tell you a story about, Chloe?" he asked.

"I don't know..." I giggled and sighed as I pressed my body lightly against his.

"Nothing? Okay, well maybe I'll start and then you can help me." 

Connor pulled me close and I closed my eyes as I felt his breath on my ear.

"Once upon a time, there was a princess named Chloe. She was the most beautiful princess in the land. One day, on her way home from work-- yes, princesses had to work in this kingdom-- Princess Chloe's car broke down and she got stranded on the side of the road."

"Oh no!" I said, smiling. "What happened?"

"Well after Princess Chloe had been waiting a while, she remembered she had Triple A," he said playfully.

I giggled. "But her cell phone was dead so she couldn't call them! And she was tired from a long day at work," I interjected.

"Well that doesn't sound like much fun! Lucky for her, though, that Prince Connor happened to be driving down that same street and saw her pulled over on the side of the road, sitting on the hood of her car and looking very sad. I was getting dark so Prince Connor pulled over to see if she was okay. She explained the situation and Prince Connor offered to call someone to fix her car and to drive her home."

"But Princess Chloe didn't know Prince Connor so she said 'I can't go with a stranger; so I'm afraid I'll have to decline your offer. Much as I appreciate it.'" I said.

Connor smiled. "Prince Connor, not being one to leave a beautiful young woman out in the cold evening by herself, introduced himself. 'Well, I'm Prince Connor,' he said. 'And I'm Princess Chloe,' she replied. Prince Connor smiled and said, 'well now I'm not a stranger, can I take you home?' Princess Chloe agreed and Prince Connor brought her home where she cooked him dinner to thank him and he asked her to go out the next night."

I smiled and ran my hand down Connor's face. "Thanks for the story." I kissed him lightly.

Connor nibbled my earlobe. "I'm just getting started, Chloe, but do you need to get to sleep?"

"No, Connor, I think I can listen a little longer."

"Well, the next night Prince Connor came to take Princess Chloe on their date. What was she wearing?"

"She was wearing a short black skirt and a light pink shirt that showed her nice cleavage. She had on a single strand of pearls and black heels and a big smile."

"Mmmmm, she sounds very pretty, I bet Prince Connor liked that a lot."

"Only..." I blushed. "She didn't put on panties underneath her skirt, because she liked Prince Connor a lot and she wanted to surprise him."

"Oh, how naughty!" Connor said. "Well, Prince Connor and Princess Chloe went out to dinner and they had a lovely evening. After dinner, Prince Connor took Chloe home and she invited him in."

"Princess Chloe really liked Connor a lot and she offered him a drink. They shared a bottle of wine and chatted while they were sitting on the couch, and after a while, Princess Chloe was a little bit tipsy. 'Could I kiss you, Connor?' she asked."

Connor looked at me and cradled my chin in his hand. "'Of course you can, Princess Chloe! You are the most beautiful princess I have ever met and I really like you a lot.'" 

His voice, the way he was touching me so nonchalantly, his breath on my neck and ear, were driving me crazy. I had to kiss him, to feel his lips on mine, to be close to him. I leaned forward just the tiniest bit, closing the gap between Connor's mouth and mine and pressed my lips passionately against his. A low moan escaped my lips as I kissed him feverishly and I felt his fingers dig into the skin on my lower back where he had been caressing me.

It was electric, all I wanted to do was feel him near me, touching me, his lips on mine, and my mind was reeling. Connor pulled away and I felt his fingers teasing my lower back, then moving to my sides and gently tickling my stomach. My skin felt like it was on fire everywhere he touched me and I could feel myself blushing as my pussy got wet. He made my entire body blush bright pink with lust and embarrassment.

"Wait, Chloe, there is more to this story," Connor said, as he teased me and touched me, knowing full well what he was doing to me. "Chloe and Connor got to a little bit more than kissing. Prince Connor ran his hands up and down Princess Chloe's body, and then slowly lifted her shirt as his fingers made their way up to her nipples."

Connor's hand slid around my waist, reaching upward and cupping my breast, rolling my nipple between his thumb and forefinger. I shuddered with pleasure and arched my back, pressing my breast into his hand.

"Patience, Chloe," he breathed into my ear as his hands worked their way down to my waist, caressing me lightly. "Connor toyed with her nipples for a little while before his hands made their way down to her waist and then slid under skirt only to find that Princess Chloe did not have on any panties underneath! 'Very naughty, Chloe,' Prince Connor said, and ran his finger gently along her pussy."

I moaned with pleasure as I felt Connor's fingertips against my damp pussy, and I pressed myself to him. I bit my lip and looked at him longingly, wondering how long this teasing would continue, how long I would have to wait until I could taste him, feel him against me -- inside of me. Connor chuckled as he pressed his finger against my pussy, finding my clit and rubbing the little bud with just the right amount of pressure to make me squirm. I bucked my hips against his hand and watched him smile down at me. He pulled his hand away and looked at me mischievously.

"'Damn, Chloe,' Prince Connor said. 'You get me so turned on, you naughty princess. Would you like to see what you do to me?' Princess Chloe nodded and reached down, feeling Prince Connor's hard cock straining through his pants, pressing against her palm. She fumbled with his zipper and pulled his pants down, reaching into his boxers and wrapping her soft fingers around his cock."

"Mmmmmmmm, like this?" I asked, as I reached down and closed my hand around his hard cock.

"Just like that." Connor said, as he pressed his pelvis forward against my hand.

"What happened next, Connor?" I asked innocently, rubbing his cock.

"Ohhhhh, Chloe," he whispered into my ear. "Next, Princess Chloe asked Prince Connor if she could suck his cock, and he said yes." 

I felt my entire body flush as I kicked off the sheets and scooted down the bed until I was eye-level with Connor's cock. I licked my lips and then, holding the shaft, ran my tongue along the very tip of his cock, returning the teasing he had given me. I flicked my tongue against the head before taking long, slow licks all the way from the base of his shaft to the tip of his head and back, moistening his cock with my mouth. 

"Fuck, Chloe." I felt Connor's hand on the back of my head as I slowly took his cock into my willing mouth and began to suck it gently. 

Inch by inch, I sucked more of his cock into my mouth until I had so much in my mouth that I had to stop and relax my throat. I closed my eyes momentarily and concentrated on easing the muscles in my throat so that I could slip more of Connor's cock into me, and his hand pressed gently against the back of my head, urging me to swallow more. I gagged a little, but he wouldn't let me go back, instead forcing it deeper into my throat.

"Mmmmmmm," I moaned, when I finally had his entire cock in my mouth, pressed into my throat.

I began bobbing my head up and down on Connor's cock, looking up at him, my eyes wide and watering. I sucked and slurped and held his cock in my throat, even as I gagged slightly as his hips rocked beneath my mouth, pressing himself deep into me. I felt my pussy getting even wetter and with one hand I reached down to tease my clit lightly while I used the other to gently squeeze Connor's balls and work whatever part of his shaft wasn't in my mouth.

He laced his fingers into my hair and pulled it gently, then a little rougher, and began to push my head up and down at his pace. He groaned as I worked his dick with my tongue and mouth, eagerly taking more into my mouth when I could. Connor pulled my head away from his cock and tilted it so that I would be looking straight into his face. My eyes were streaming and I gasped for breath as I smiled at him.

"You like that, Chloe? I see you touching yourself, maybe I should help with that." Connor's hands reached down to my shoulders and urged me up until I was lying next to him again. "May I taste some of that?" He asked, motioning to my pussy.

I slipped one of the fingers that had been gently toying my pussy into his mouth and he moaned with pleasure.

"Maybe you should try it," he said and I raised my finger to my mouth, sucking on it, tasting my own juices. 

"Mmmmmmmm, sweet." I sighed and giggled quietly.

Connor ran his hands down my body as he scooched downward, burying his mouth in my pussy. I moaned and thrust my hips upwards against his mouth, his tongue darting along the lips of my pussy and then finding my clit and flicking against it. I felt his hand on my hip, sliding down and working my pussy gently, then slowly pressing into it. My fingers tugged gently at his hair as he fingered my wet pussy and lapped at my clit, driving me wild. His mouth worked my cunt and I closed my eyes in pleasure, whimpering with bliss.

"Oh. Oh God, Connor, I need you. You make me feel so gooooooooooooood." I whispered to him as his mouth and tongue licked and sucked and his fingers worked in and out of my cunt. "Fuck me, please. Please, PLEASE fuck me." I moaned.

Connor pulled away from my pussy and smiled up at me. "I thought you would never ask. But I don't have a condom, sweetheart, is that okay? Do you still want me to fuck you?"

He had never been inside of me before without a condom -- I always insisted. 'No babies until I'm done with school,' I would say. I had never felt his bare cock in my pussy, had never taken that risk with Connor, but something came over me. I felt so needy, so passionate, that somehow it didn't matter anymore. 

"Yes, Connor," I replied breathlessly. "I want you inside of me, I don't care if you don't have protection. I need you. I need you to fuck me, Connor."

"Mmmmmm, good," he said playfully as he slid back up my body, spread my legs wider, and positioned his cock at the entrance to my pussy.

With one fast thrust, he was inside of me. His cock stretched my pussy, filling me and satisfying the longing I had felt in my cunt. He leaned down and pressed his lips urgently against mine, kissing me, and I could taste myself on his mouth. I raised my hips, meeting every thrust, writhing with pleasure under Connor. I moaned as his cock filled me, fucking into and out. After just a few minutes he pulled his cock out of my pussy, put his hands on my hips, and flipped me over so that I was lying on my stomach.

"Get on your hands and knees, Chloe," Connor whispered commandingly into my ear. "I want to make you mine."

I shivered at the thought of his statement -- 'I want to make you mine.' What did he mean? What does he want? I imagine myself, tied underneath him, moaning with passion. Did he want me to submit to him? Want me to be nothing more than a fuck toy? Then another image entered my mind, me, rubbing my round stomach, carrying his baby. Is that what he wanted? To see my tummy swell with his child? Before I could spend much time considering the options, I felt myself moving.

Without thinking, I slipped my arms underneath me and raised myself up onto my hands and knees, and Connor put is hand on my back pressing it downwards so that my round ass was sticking up in the air. He kneaded the flesh on my ass playfully between his hands and then pulled my ass checks apart before again positioning his cock against my pussy and driving into me.

I used every ounce of strength to hold myself up and push back against him, moaning with pleasure each time he pressed himself into my cunt, hard and deep. I felt pressure against my cervix as he thrust himself into me as deep as he could go, his cock parting the tender lips of my pussy. My tits bounced back and forth and he reached down to tweak my nipples before his hands grabbed my hips pulling me back hard onto his cock. "Fuckkkkkkkk, Connor. Fuck my tight little pussy. You feel so good inside of me!" I squealed.

"Yessssss, Chloe." He said thrusting into me. "Your pussy feels so good wrapped around my cock. You like it? You like me fucking your tight young pussy?"

"Yes Connor. Oh God it feels so goooood! Fuck me." I moaned.

I reached underneath myself and began to work my clit with my fingers as Connor fucked me hard and deep and groaned with pleasure. Breathlessly, we moaned into each other's ears, full of lust and desire. I pushed back against him, hard against his pelvis, holding onto the sheets, the bed, anything I could grasp.

"Oh Connor. Oh my Goddddddd." I moaned as he thrust in and out of my tight pussy, mercilessly.

Connor's fingers dug into my skin so hard I felt like it would leave a mark. He lifted one hand from my hips and brought it down quickly and hard on my ass. I squealed with pain, pleasure, and surprise, wanting more, and he was more than happy to oblige. I felt his hand coming down on my round ass over and over again, felt it burning and turning pink and then red. 

"Yes Chloe. Mmmmmm, I'm going to make you mine. I want to fill your tight little pussy up with my cum. I want to shoot inside of you." Connor panted as he fucked me hard.

I could feel my orgasm building up inside of me, I could feel the walls of my pussy clenching his cock and I knew I could it would not be too long. My fingers began working my clit, pressing against it hard, rolling it between my index finger and thumb, urgently pressing as I thrust myself back onto Connor's cock. At the same time, it felt as though my heart was swelling with a mixture of emotions, fear, joy, and maybe even love. Was it love? I couldn't tell -- I couldn't focus on anything, I just needed him inside of me.

"Ohhhh Connor, I'm going to cum. Fuckkkkk I'm going to CUM!!" I cried.

"Yes Chloe. Yesssss, cum on my cock, C Chloe. Cum all over my dick." He called.

I could only moan in reply. I was over the edge, lost in pleasure and lust. I didn't care anymore, all I wanted was to cum. I wanted my orgasm to come, to feel my breath in the short, ragged, gasps, my heart pounding, my muscles tensing and then releasing all at once.

"I'm not wearing a condom, Chloe honey." Connor said.

Connor fucked into me even harder than before, my entire body shaking, and I had to hold onto the bed, lest he push me off the edge. What had he said? Did it even matter? He fucked me relentlessly, without worry, and it wasn't long before I felt every muscle in my body tightening and my pussy begging for release. 

"Chloe, honey, I'm not wearing a condom," Connor repeated.

I heard him this time, but I didn't care. I wanted him. "Just fuck me! Don't stop fucking me!" I practically yelled. It was dangerous, I knew, but I needed him so badly it didn't matter. I would take the risk. 

"Fuck. Oh Chloe." Connor moaned into my ear. "Oh God, I'm going to cum, Chloe. I want you to cum with me."

"Yes. Yessssssss, Connor, cum in my pussy. Fill my tight young pussy up with your cum. Please. Please, cum in me!" I wailed, driving back against him, taking his cock into my pussy as deeply as I could. "Oh. I'm going to cum. Cum in me Connor!"

We both seemed out of words as he unremittingly fucked into my cunt, sawing in and out of me as I pressed my fingers against my clit. We both groaned, lustfully, as sweat glistened on our bodies and we bucked against one another. I felt my pussy begin to spasm.

"Connor...Connor," I said breathlessly. "I'm cummmmmming! Please cum for me. Cum inside of me! I want to feel your sticky warm cum filling my pussy, please Connor! I know that's what you want, isn't it? To shoot your load in my tight, young pussy?" I screamed and begged, my body pressed back against his in ecstasy. My pussy clenched his cock and in just a few more thrusts, I felt warmth explode deep within my belly.

"Chloooooooooe." He groaned. "Oh God Chloe, I'm cumming. I'm cumming in your tight little pussy. Fuckkkkkkkk. I'm filling you up, baby." 

He moaned as he slammed his cock hard into me, pressing himself as deep as he could go. Pulse after pulse of thick, hot cum filling my tight cunt. He collapsed on top of me, kissing my back and ear, whispering to me. 

"Oh baby, you are so beautiful."

We both lay there for a few minutes, breathing hard, recovering from our orgasms, Connor still pressed into my pussy, his cock softening. He eased it out, slowly, and flipped me so I was lying on my back again. I felt his hands teasing my stomach, gently stroking the skin. I knew what he had meant when he told me he wanted to make me his. He wanted to fill me, satisfy me, and ravish me -- he wanted to shoot his cum inside of my fertile pussy.

He looked at me and grinned. "Oh, Chloe."

I sighed. "Connor. You are amazing."

"You are too, Chloe. But I couldn't stop... and I wasn't wearing protection..."

I thought about what he said for a moment and then I smiled at him cloyingly and winked. "I know... and who's to say that's not what I want? I want to give you everything I can, Connor. Anything you want. Everything." I told him.

"Anything, Chloe?" He asked.

"Anything," I repeated quietly.

"Mmmmmmmm, baby, you are so hot!" Connor whispered into my ear. "I could dream of you all day and all night." "You don't have to dream, baby. You've got me right here." I said playfully. "Thanks for the bedtime story... but can we get some sleep now? I've got class in the morning!"

*

*A special thanks to 'Connor' who not only inspired this story, but who helped me write it. You mean an awful lot to me. **This story is part of an ongoing series; please enjoy the other starring this character! Also, please VOTE and feel free to send feedback and suggestions, I'm always open to where my next story will come from!M.u<