 My wife wanted me to drop off some old kid clothes off to a friend of hers before I went to the local bar to watch a ball game with my friends. I reluctantly agreed to take the bags to her friend whom I didn't know that well. 

I arrived at the her friends house it took me a minute to remember what the hell her name was now I remember it was Kelli. I rang the doorbell and a petite brunette around the age of thirty four came to the door. "Hey I'm Carol's husband Rick and she asked me to bring these clothes by for your daughter." I explained 

"Why thank you" she replied. "Could you be a sweetheart and carry them upstairs for me?"

"Sure" I said.

I carried the box upstairs to her daughters room I don't know if she was giving me a hint but she mentioned that her husband had taken the kids to the local mall to watch a movie. All the way up the stairs I was appreciative of her tight little ass in her jean shorts and the tank top made her thirty two c breasts look perky.

In her daughters room she had a small step up to get to the upper shelf in the closet she went to move some other boxes of clothes. She reached back for the box of clothes putting the heavy box on the shelf so she could go through it later. That is when all hell broke loose when the box was too heavy for the already overloaded shelf it began to come down. She quickly reached up to grab the shelf before everything could come down.

If she let go some of the things on the shelf and the clothes would be on the hard wood floor. I noticed that some of the stuff on the shelf was breakable so if she dropped it the stuff would be broken. "Can I get a little help here?" she asked "I don't see why not" I replied.

I stepped forward and was face level with that great ass in those jean shorts. I decided to take my chances and instead of helping her out with the shelf I took advantage of the situation instead.

Slowly I ran my hands up the inside of her thighs to the front of her shorts. She looked down in disbelief that I was not helping her with the shelf. "Please don't do that, just help me with the shelf "she begged

I ignored her plea completely and began to undo the button on the shorts and slide the zipper down. Then I slowly pulled them down to her ankles to reveal a tight pair of pink bikini panties. "What are you doing please stop and help dammit" she begged.

Still ignoring her pleas to stop I gently slid down the panties down to her ankles to reveal a great ass. I could smell the muskiness of her pussy as I buried my face against her ass. I brought my hand around and began to caress the sweetening slit of her pussy while running my tongue around her ass cheeks. "Oh please stop , please stop I'm married and this wouuuuuuld be wrrrrrrrrroooooooooooooonnnnnnnnggggg" she moaned aloud as I found her clit with my finger.

I slowly built up the momentum on her clit and I could sense her orgasm was building up. She was now panting and panting heavier as she approached a tense orgasm. "Ooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh shit I'm cumming." she moaned. Once I brought her to orgasm I took hold of the shelf and brought it gently to the floor without losing anything. She just stood there dumbfounded not knowing what to say to what just took place. "Cmon now it's my turn" I said throwing her like some kind of Viking over my shoulder.

I carried to what looked to be the master bedroom and threw her down on the bed. I pulled down my shorts and took off my t-shirt, my seven inch cock was throbbing to get into that hot little pussy. She without saying a word spread her nice tan legs and I climbed between them. She was very easy to enter for the fact that she was very wet now from my probing.

We fucked in the missionary position with a couple of variations there of for a few minutes then I rolled her over to fuck her doggie style. She very was very willing to get up on all fours as I slid my cock into her she reached underneath and began to fondle my balls. I could not resist while I was pounding her hot pussy to reach down and fondle and tease her asshole. By now I was so over stimulated that I could not take it anymore and shot a huge load of cum into her pussy.

We both collapsed on the bed for a few minutes and then went into the shower to clean up. I left the house after dressing and told her the next time my wife had something to drop off to her I would be more than happy to drop the stuff off to her. She said to call first just to make sure the husband and kids were gone.