 Everyone in the world has their own personal brand of heroin. No matter who you are, what you believe, or how you think, you do. Now most people it isn't even an actual drug, just a craving, and an addiction they can't get rid of. And yes even I have a brand of heroin, for me it's a guy I've known for years. I know what you're thinking. But wait until you see this guy you'll see. 

Everyone that has an addiction knows there are signs. All this guy has to do is look at me and my knees get weak and I start drooling and fantasizing about all the things I wish I had the guts to do to him. I have a very vivid imagination but am timid and somewhat shy. 

This guy, his name is Brad, he's gorgeous. Not just that he's dangerous, mysterious, and smart. He stands a little bit taller than my five foot seven frame with dark blond hair that falls a little bit into his eyes that are even more to die for. His eyes are a cool blue, but they change. Sometimes they go silver sometimes a dark gray. He has a tattoo across his back, and oh yeah he's ripped. We are talking killer eight pack that is hard even without him flexing, drool worthy. And when he speaks.......well let's just say if he told me to bend over in front of god and everyone and drop my pants I wouldn't argue with him. Something about him makes me shake and feel flushed. It's the greatest feeling in the world when he touches me I feel like I'm on fire. 

All of this started at age seventeen the first time we met and the last time I had all of my heart to give. It would be foolish not to admit that I fell for him hook, line and sinker. The first step to beating an addiction is admitting the faults you have involving it. Shortly after we met though he disappeared from my life until a cold November afternoon four years later. That's a very long time to carry a torch for a guy I know but remember addicts don't always have a reasonable explanation for the crazy things they do. Anyway, there he was he smiled at me and his eyes lit up, I instantly felt my whole body go weak I had to remind myself of where I was and what I needed to do there. A few days later we ran practically right smack into each other. This time I gave him my number.

My ex who still lived with me at the time started to call Brad my stalker because it seemed no matter where we went, magically there he would be. Me I tend to think it was fate telling us that it was time for us to come back into each other's lives. Fate is a very tricky bastard as we all know. And I never told my ex but I actually looked forward to running into Brad. It was the only way I could get my fix. Until he figured out I wanted him and then all hell broke loose, but damn it was so much fun. 

A few weeks after I gave him my number I would text him most of the day, usually getting a response a few hours behind. He's not a texting whore like me. But I get bored a lot and that's my pass time. Lame excuse I know but still. Finally he asked me to hang out with him instead of our usual run ins. I almost jumped out of my clothes when he said he would come get me. I was that bad. Of course he thankfully can't see through phones so all the feelings I had and the thoughts of him I thought where still my secret. We hung out a lot after that and when I moved he was a frequent visitor. But one night during an insane rain storm as I was lighting candles because of a power outage he appeared completely soaked on my porch. 

"Hey, my car broke down up the road and my phone doesn't want to work can I use yours?" He asked leaning against the door frame his hair, my god his hair was plastered to his head and he looked like the baddest bad boy on the planet. I didn't trust my voice so I nodded and moved back so he could come in. He shook his head like a wet dog and stayed in the kitchen claiming he didn't want to track water everywhere. I went and got my phone handing it to him and then going to get him some towels. When I returned he handed me my phone back and shook his head.

"The tow company can't come tow my car because of the floods so my car is stuck on the side of the road until tomorrow." He said sadly. He looked up at me. I handed him the towels. 

"Well you can stay here. I have a unclaimed couch for you if you'd like. First though you should get out of those wet clothes. I think I have some swim trunks you can borrow and I'll dry your clothes for you." I said talking way too fast. He laughed and started to dry off. 

"Can you help me with my shirt? It's sort of stuck." He said after a few minutes of drying his hair. I swallowed really hard. The candles lit his face in a way I had never seen before and I could barely speak let alone think clearly. I reached forward and helped him take off his shirt. His ripped abs made my jaw go slack. He kicked off his shoes and socks and tossed them on top of his shirt. Then his hand went to his belt. I hurried away to go find the swim trunks I had. When I came back he had a towel around his waist. I felt stupid and drunk.

"Here" I squeaked out holding the trunks to him he took them and thanked me. He slipped them on under the towel and then dropped it next to his clothes, which he gathered up and quietly handed them to me. I took them into the hottest room of the house, mine, and laid them across the dresser so they would dry. I found his boxers and my whole body started to shake again. I tried to regain my composure and ran back out into the living room. Brad had sat down on the floor and was fiddling with his phone.

"You'd think my service would still work. Maybe some of the telephone poles went down or something. Stupid prepaid phones." He set it down and looked up at me. I trembled all over. He looked so innocent looking up at me that way I had to sit. 

"Are you thirsty?" I asked softly he shook his head. 

"No, but you look like you need something." He replied. I gulped.

"Such as?" I didn't trust myself to look at him. I heard him shift and then his finger was under my chin lifting my head up so I had to look at him. He was so close I started to hyperventilate. He leaned forward and his mouth claimed mine. My whole body felt like it was instantly on fire. When his tongue touched mine I almost passed out. I had to remind myself to breathe. He pulled back and smiled at me sitting back down. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, and then I got on my hands and knees and crawled to him kissing him back. His arms went around my neck and he pulled me closer to him. Our tongues tangled with each other and the kiss seemed to last an eternity but was really only a few minutes. The contact made me high, giddy even and I didn't want it to end. 

Thankfully he didn't seem to want it to either, he pulled me into his lap so I had to straddle him and started kissing my neck biting me softly, I moaned I couldn't help it my whole body felt set to vibrate. He laughed and pulled back.

"How long have you been thinking about this?" He asked me. I tried desperately to suck in oxygen. 

"A long time." I admitted. Brad grinned at me, a grin that made me drool. I was sunk. I knew it, and so did he. He pulled on me making me sit so he could rock my hips back and forth and I could feel how hard he was getting. I gasped and kissed him again. My arms going around his neck and my hand closing around a fist full of his hair I pulled and he growled. My pussy got so wet in that second I was afraid he could feel it through my clothes. He inhaled sharply and looked at me.

"Hmm, someone is turned on. You smell good enough to eat." He growled again and bit down on my neck I jerked in his lap. He laughed this time. "Scared?" he asked in a soft whisper right next to my ear. I bit my lip my eyes flutterd closed and I moaned. He pushed me backward so that I was on my knees again and took off my shirt and bra. Immediately when my tits sprang free his mouth closed on one nipple and he sucked nibbling it softly. It felt so good I almost gushed right then and there. I pushed his head back. He grinned at me and pulled me into his lap again. A loud clap of thunder made me whimper. He pulled me closer so he could press his mouth to my ear. 

"Does the storm turn you on too? Maybe you should show me just how much. "He whispered. He grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my head back some, exposing my neck to him. He bit me hard so hard I cried out and then he growled again pushing me back and following me down. His weight on me was almost too perfect and I spread my legs, forcing him to settle between my legs I lifted up grinding into him. He shoved my back down and kissed me so hard my mouth smashed against his. His tongue thrust into my mouth and he grabbed my hair again. Almost against my will my hips thrust upward against him again and I moaned louder this time. He lifted my hips up and continued to grind me into him. I almost couldn't take it I grabbed his hands and shoved them away. I started to unbutton my jeans and kick them off. He put his hand against my panties and groaned.

"Lace, damn baby." He ran his knuckles over the wetness and looked at me watching me carefully. He took off his swim trunks and settled more comfortable between my legs. He moved my panties aside and started teasing me with his cock. Letting my pussy juices soak his cock and rubbing it around. I tried to thrust up and make him penetrate me he laughed at me and then thrust into me hard and fast we both cried out. His mouth hung open and he looked down at me.

"Shit. You're pussy is so wet and tight. Oh god." He lifted my hips and thrust in and out of me. He moaned and my head started spinning dizziness took over and I had one hell of an orgasm. He waited for the spasms to stop and then started fucking me harder. Our moans mingled and I started to orgasm again. I have never done that with any guy in my whole life. It takes a lot to get me off but I found myself jerking with one orgasm after another. I could barely catch my breath before another one hit me. He pulled out and flipped me over onto my hands and knees. He grabbed my hips and pulled me back onto his cock pounding me so hard I started screaming from the pleasure. One of his hands lifted and he popped my ass. I orgasmed really hard that time. 

He leaned as far forward as he could so that his rock hard abs pressed into my back and pulled my head up. "I want you to be my dirty little whore. Would you like that?" He asked. I nodded my head.

"Say it." He commanded. 

"Say what?" I asked.

"Say you're my dirty little whore." He commanded pulling my hair.

"I'm you're dirty little whore." I said gasping frantically for breath. He started slamming into me so hard the sound of our bodies hitting with each thrust seemed to echo through the room. I cried out and squirted. 

"Oh shit!" he came at that instant but didn't stop. He kept going and pulled me up a little so he could get deeper into me. My whole body began to shake. He pulled out again and made me stand I could barely do it. He walked me to my bedroom and shoved me down on the bed dragging me to the very edge of the bed and slamming into me. I saw stars. Lighting lit up my bedroom window and I orgasmed again. My whole body shaking with each spasm so hard I thought I was epileptic. He didn't stop. And I didn't want him to. It almost felt as if he could read my mind I loved it. He reached out and grabbed my throat making it harder for me to breath. I love that. Most guys won't do it. They think it hurts me but it makes my orgasms so much better. My whole body started jerking with my next orgasm and I moaned so loud I thought the neighbors could hear me over the storm raging outside. He smiled at me leaning forward and kissing me again. He sucked on my tongue and picked me up moving me up toward my pillows. He started pounding me against the mattress I squirted again. 

"Do you like that?" He asked.

"Yes. Yes. Fuck me harder. Please. Please." I panted. He obliged and the bed started hitting the wall pretty hard. I still couldn't get enough it wasn't hard enough but I didn't say a word. He came again and moaned really loud next to my ear. I had another orgasm. I started feeling a little weak when he flipped me onto my stomach and told me to lay flat, then he thrust into me and I felt like my whole body every nerve ending was centered around his thrusts. I think I actually shot him out of me. He entered me even harder and started pounding me that way, I lifted up a little to get him deeper inside me and started moving to his thrusts. He moaned and came again. I started to wonder how much cum he could possibly have left. But I didn't have much time to think about it because I squirted again this time he held on. My bed was soaked I could feel it under me. He started going so fast that I lost consciousness for a split second or two. When I regained it he was cumming so hard I felt it gushing into me. He became very still. I started rocking my hips in a circle on him. He moaned repeatedly every time I made a full circle and gasped. He let me do it for a few minutes before he pressed down hard to keep me still. Gasping loudly he lay on top of me. He pulled out with a plop and rolled off me lying on his back panting. Then he started laughing.

"What's funny?" I asked. He rolled his head to look at me and shook his head. His eyes were so bright in the next flash of lightning I was momentarily at a loss for words. He was so gorgeous it was hard to look away. He laid that way for a while neither breaking eye contact. Finally he pulled me closer to him and let me lay my head against his chest. His heart thudded loudly and I decided I liked that sound. 

"You know I knew you wanted me that way the first time we met." He said after a long silence. I lifted my head and looked at him.

"What?" I cried. He chuckled.

"I'm not blind you know." He added. I shook my head trying to deny it. He looked away.

"Hey you know what though?"

"No, what?" 

"Gotcha." He grinned at me at first I didn't understand but then I grinned back.

"Gotcha too." I said he laughed.