 Amber despised this place; it was so clean and smelled of lavender. Like there was a freaking pretty boy shower around the corner and these preppy freaks had to wash their hair with expensive foreign scented crap. She swallowed sicken at the smell she knocked lightly on the door, knowing her stomach would twist at this preppy guys 'clean perfect pretty' room. But she also knew if she wanted to pass this stupid class she had to endure it.

As the girls walked by they gave her the disgusted eye that they always do, like she didn't belong there. she became angry and pounded on the door, she just wanted to get this stupid joint paper thing done and get the hell out of here. The door cracks open as Jimmy answers the door.

"Jesus, you trying to knock the door down?" Jimmy says.

"Just let me in damnit, I don't like being here." Amber replies, pushing him out of the way to get inside the room.

His room was defiantly... different than out side. It was clean per say but it wasn't what she expected. the room was completely empty it had nothing posted on the walls, no boy band posters, pictures of the boys, trophies or medals he would of won through his many preppy exploits. Most preppy guys put those things up like some great beast they bagged and wanted to show to every one, but not him. Something was defiantly different.

She threw her bag on the chair next to the table, as she turned and stared at Jimmy. Jimmy Jackson, JJ to his athletic buddies. Amber always thought it was stupid how they all abbreviated their names like they got knocked on the head too many times to remember how to spell their own names.

He was your average jock preppy ass hat. At least that's how Amber saw it. All the jocks would come by and make fun of her friends and pick on them through out the day. Even though this was college its like they still treated it like High school. He had a lean athletic build, obviously from working out, and his closet was almost always in stock with the latest from Ambcromie and AE. 

"Well?" she said impatiently, wanting to just leave that second.

"Well what?" he responded confused.

"We are supposed to do that fucking joint term paper together, did you forget or something?" she snorted 

"Oh yeah." 

"Oh yeah~" she said mockingly "Lets just get this over with"

It was a hot late summer day, not exactly the best of days to wear all black. But still Amber stood there in her pitch black baggy hoodie which looked like it engulfed her. Her pants where barely held to her body by a black studded belt, even though you couldn't see the studded belt. The pants fell past her feet and were worn along the front and back as she walked on the heels and dragged the fronts. It didn't help that his dorm wasn't the coolest place on campus but she was defiantly sweating her ass off under all that crap.

"God, why don't you guys crank up the AC around here?!" she complained.

"Its just fine here, your just wrapped in all that clothing, why don't you take some of it off?" he said friendly like.

"Right, take it off, I see how all you guys do that stuff. First all I do is just take off my sweat shirt, all friendly like. Then next thing you know, my pants are off. And wow, just look at that, my shirt and bra!"

"No I didn't mean it li..." being cut off.

"-then like the sick fuck you are, you walk me to your bed, like a pig into the slaughter house, and you get to wet that preppy little prick of yours all night long. Yee -Hah cowboy, ride'er like ya stole her! We wake up and I roll over with a lovey dovey grin on my face and say 'I wuv you', take up your slack and finish the project all by my lonesome. Why? Because now I'm so dumbstruck and tricked into thinking that I'm in love that I let you slide and take credit. Next it's do my laundry, shine my boots, carry my books your worthless shell of a woman! Fuck That. You want credit for this; we are gunna both have to do this stupid fucking term paper." She snuffs defiantly aggravated towards the situation.

"Finished?" 

"Fine, yeah I'm done ranting."

"I was gunna say, the AC is broken. Some one threw some bottles of lavender into the thing as a prank, the entire dorm smells of a pleasant lavender smell. So unless if you want to sweat your ass off, wearing that hoodie isn't a smart idea."

She grumbles to her self, realizing he is right. She slowly peals the hoodie from her body and threw it onto her bag. She wore a skin tight black tank top that exposed more of her milk white skin as it showed her upper chest neck and arms, more than she wanted to show. Her short black hair bobbed down around her neck as her bangs hanged over half of her face. One of her deep hazel eyes stared aggravatingly at him, like mad that she was giving him a free show of something he shouldn't see.

"Can we just get this fucking paper done?" She said with a mean plead in her voice.

"Alright..." 

They shuffled through books, papers, and notes, trying to find the parts they needed to write a 50 page report on some guys and concepts long dead. It wasn't long before this all came to a tediously boring situation. She often stretched out herself tired from leaning over the pile of paper and the ocean of notes. She threw her arms up in the air and leaned back against the crest of the chair, her perky 36a breasts pushing out against her tank top and bra.

Jimmy often caught an eye full of her, and was very much so distracted by this gothic girl sitting opposite of him. She wasn't a 'fake pretty Barbie' like all the girls in the dorm where. The bleach blondes, big tits, and shallow minds were the basic pick of the litter of the dorm girls to date. She was very petite and thin, with a piercing through her left eyebrow. He watched her as she got up to stretch and walk around tired of such a stupid task. As she stretched out her arms, it pulled up her shirt allowing him to see her lower back, she had a very sharp near tribal artistic tattooed onto her lower back. 

They soon decided to take a little break from the tedium. Jimmy stood up and walked towards the mini fridge he kept in his room, as he picked up a can of coke he looked towards her.

"Beverage?" said inquisitively.

"Let me guess, a Ruffie-smoothie." she said sarcastically.

"No, actually all I got is coca-cola. But if you want me to slip a roofie into one of these, id have to go down the hall. I'm pretty sure Johnny has something like that." he replied jokingly

"And why the hell are all your names start with 'j'? Is it like some type of preppy boy cult thing?"

"I'll take that as a yes towards the coke." he says grabbing another can and bringing it towards the table. "I'm not sure why we are all named with 'J' names. It's a very good question that I really don't have a very good answer to. Why do you find the need to pierce your flesh with little metal studs? I mean, doesn't it hurt? That is if you don't mind me asking." 

She stares at him partly stunned and confused, she never had any one come up with such a deep retort to her. Let alone a retort that quickly to her attacks. There defiantly was some little thing different, even in his words, he didn't exactly 'sound' like a preppy guy.

"Well... because it hurts, and reminds me I'm still alive" she snuffed.

He laughs at her statement as she stares confused at his laughter.

"So your gunna hurt yourself just to prove your alive? Is that a joke?" still giggling to himself.

"It's not a joke! I do it because it Hurts!" she said angered now.

"Why don't you just go have sex or something? That reminds you that you're still alive and it feels better than pain." he says staring at her deep like now.

She is caught in his words, not knowing how to reply to it. She sat in silence slouched in her seat as they got back to work writing the paper. Hours pass and it approaches midnight, for the most part the paper was all but done. But through all that Amber was distracted by Jimmy's last question. Sure she had sex before, she was no virgin. But the guys she had it with, well she was more interested in their poems than their penis size. Sex with them was just 'the next step' in their relationship, and she never focused on it that much.

Beyond that, she hadn't had sex for years. Not that she wouldn't of like to from time to time, but those guys that where into poetry where more into poetry than her body. And she felt like no one really even wanted to any ways, so she just blew it off. But that question, that simple question, made her reflect on her everything for the past few years. Like a flood, her memories of why she just then filled her brain.

"Well, we are almost d..." Jimmy tries to say

"Because... No one likes me! No one wants me around!! Why would any one want to Have Sex with me?!" she screams.

Jimmy stares confused at her and what she just said. What ever sparked her to say such a thing was beyond him at the moment. As he recited the words in his head, he realized the last thing they said to each other, the question of having sex.

"Oh..." he says bluntly.

"Who would want to fuck me? I'm just a little dark girl... it's... why I'm a dark little girl" Amber says with a whimper in her voice.

He stared at her fore a while as she wept to herself; he knew all people like her always had a painful thing about them. It's what made them the way they where, it's why she was so dark and deep. In the back spaces of her brain she really did feel unloved by every one, like her existence was meaningless.

"Well for one, I would fuck ya."

"Yeah like I'd ever live that one down, dark gothic chick bangs Preppy jock. I could see it now, all my friends would disown Me. Well, the few friends that I have..." she says with a laugh, mocking her own depressive sorrow.

"Well, I wouldn't care about that, and if they only cared about whom you screwed then they aren't exactly the best of friends then are they?" He says trying to reason wit her.

Jimmy works his way around the table and sits next to Amber. She watches him scoot closer until he sits next to her, she leans against him putting her head on his shoulder as he lightly hugs her arm. They both stare down at the table top filled with papers, reports and research, books stacked on the floor and a laptop with the report all typed out nearly completed.

"You know, this is the first time I've ever gotten a paper closed to being finished." she admits.

"A smart girl like you?" he replies with doubt in his voice.

"Stop trying to flirt with me Jimmy. But, yes. I have never finished any of my term papers, I can't finish them... its that... every time I do it and its all quiet, I begin to think... and thinking isn't good for me. I remember a few things I would rather forget." she says staring at the lines of text on the screen of the laptop.

Jimmy clicks over on the lap top pressing the 'save' button. The machine processes the information then goes back to the original screen. He pushes the screen of the lap top down latching it shut.

"There it's done. Congratulations you've finished a term paper." he says with a slight smile.

"Thank you." Amber replies.

She smiled a little as she looked into his eyes. No one was ever nice to her, crap even her 'boyfriends' never where nice to her. They would use her as their little cum catching slut in between writing their poetry, or painting their pictures, or making their music. All of a sudden she felt dirty. But looking into his eyes, she was calm and she actually felt loved for once.

She leaned her head up and kissed him lightly on the lips for just a second before she leaned her head against his chest again resting. Jimmy was shocked at what just happened he stares intently at her thinking of what she might do next. He sits statically as Amber comfies herself up in his embrace.

"Why did you do that Amber?" he asks confusion blazing through his mind.

"Because..." she responds equally confused.

Both their minds blaze through the thinking processes of what happened, what to do next. Their minds sift through the regular routine of the 'should I shouldn't I' ultimately wondering, what they really think about he person sitting beside them. He sits questioning his own thoughts and wondering 'what if' to himself.

"Because why?" he asks more intently trying to see what would be the next best step.

"Because... I..." she becomes lost in her words and thoughts "I... wanted... to thank you." 

Her voice slightly quivers as she speaks out thinking of the best possible answer to say with out saying something she doesn't want to say. Her mind then comes to the possibilities of what could happen. Her mind burns through multiple fantasies, images, and possibilities, all of them including having sex. Her body gets the better of her as her pussy begins to moisten at the thought of him riding on top of her.

His mind also reaches the same point as hers thinking of having great fun with this girl in her arms. He looks at her now in a different light, paying attention to her sexual details almost reassessing the possibility. 

She can feel his eyes roaming over her, sensing that he wants it too. The thought that 'maybe it is possible that it could happen' excites her even more; she can't deny the feeling any more. She wants it, he has it and is willing to give it. This is the first time she has ever wanted such a simple thing from any boy.

"Jimmy?" breaking the silence of their thoughts.

"Yes Amber?"

"I want to have sex with you." she comes out and says rather bluntly. "Please?"

This admittance of her desire of him instantly puts him in a state of disarray at the sudden and sheer bluntness. He never thought that she would possibly want him ever and now she is willing to give him it all. Sure he was a horny guy and pussy was pussy, but this girl, this situation it was different. He sits in silence wondering if he should take the opportunity that sits before him. 

"If you say No, I understand. I am of course just a dirty little smutty gothic girl." she says with a slight strain in her voice, like she doesn't want to realize that as the truth. "But I want you right now, your Different, you care."

"Sure." he simply replies. 

The disbelief of that word comes to both of them as the pull apart and stare at each other. Like he wasn't supposed to agree to, or she wasn't supposed to ask. That they where breaking some unwritten rule that would lead to their untimely demise.

"What did you say?" Amber states confused as to what just went on.

"Let's have sex hon." Jimmy says standing her up.

Amber gets up slowly, and coyly loosens her belt, the studs softly kink against the metal fasting. The belt that so tightly held her baggy jeans to her body now hung loosely in her hands. She lets go and the over sized pants drop to the ground. Jimmy sits and stares at her intently. She looks down at herself, as if she is ashamed to show him her body. 

Her hair lightly hangs down as she looks up like a little child doing being scolded. One of her hazel eyes staring at him through her hair. She brings her head up as she combs her bangs behind her ear, both of her brilliant blue eyes look deep into his. The silver metal stud accenting her eyes perfectly, like a perfect little art project, a masterpiece.

She then pulls the tank top up over her head; her body stretches out itself as the tight black top peals its way off her body. She lets it fall to the floor as she presents her almost nude self to him, standing only in her under wear. Jimmy takes a minute for his brain to let all this soak in and before she realizes it Jimmy is laughing. 

Amber's eyes quickly shoot up to look at him. He is laughing at her. Her world begins to sink as if being rejected admittance at the pearly gates of heaven after doing everything she could to get there. Tears begin to well up in her eyes as she wonders what in the world he could be laughing at. Her mind races, 'is this just some kinda joke? Is this just another cruel twist in life?' asking questions of what is to happen.

"You're like every one else..." she whimpers "you say your going to make me happy then laugh at me!"

"Pink??" he blurts out between his laughing "I would have never pinned you for wearing a pink thong and bra."

She looks down at her self; she wore a pink bra with a black frilled edging as well as matching pink thong. She remembered she borrowed these from Mallori recently, being dorm mates they often shared clothes. She quickly becomes ashamed of the 'sexy' lingerie as she moves her hands to cover herself.

"Hey, don't be embarrassed or sad hon." he says his voice all of a sudden more deep and softer than before. "It is very sexy Amber." he near growls as he stands up to walk to her.

As he approaches her she coyly backs off from him, as if bracing herself to be hit by him. She continued to look down, ashamed of her body, of her borrowed lingerie, of what she was doing. His hands then touch her skin, his warm hands pressing gently against her chin and neck, pushing her head up to look at him. And with a sudden jolt his lips press against hers.

He was kissing her, his soft tongue sliding against her lips forcing her mouth open and massaging her tongue. She was never kissed like this; it was new and exhilarating to her. She softly mews unto his mouth as his hands begin to travel her body. 

His fingers glide down across her flesh, the skin across her neck and down across her back. His arms reach around her as if hugging her as she leans into his chest. She closes her eyes feeling his warmth and fingers rubbing across her back. Before she realizes it, he unlatches her bra and the pink fabric loosens its grip to her chest it falls forward across her arms then down to the floor.

Her face flushes with redness as she becomes ever more so exposed to him. Her small pink nipples stood hard and on end in the warm room. Embarrassed of her body she slightly hugs her chest and covers her tits with her arms. Breaking away from his lips she again looks down as if in shame thinking that she is not good enough for what he is doing.

His fingers glide down across her mid drift lightly circling around her belly button then her hips. He pushes down against the top of her panties as his thumbs catch the fabric and pull them with his hands. They push gently on the flexible fabric as they work their way over her hips, he glides them down as far as he can reach before he lets go, letting it fall to the floor.

Her pussy is now exposed to him. She feels extremely vulnerable right now as she clutches her body trying to protect herself from his gazing eyes. Her pussy is already dripping wet, as this tension of him taking his time and being painfully slow was getting to her. Her soft springy pubic hair was neatly trimmed to make some what of a rectangle above her pussy lips pointing down towards her clit.

She feels even more so embarrassed, closing her eyes and wondering if this was the right choice. She stands naked in front of him and she asked for it. She can't help but wonder what he is going to do to her, how he is going to use her. Use her like every one else has? 

She opens her eyes again looking down to see his head moving closer to her hips. His warm breath blows across her inner thighs sending a chill up her back shooting through her pussy. Her breath becomes quickly erratic as his hands press oh so closely to her most sensitive spot as he kisses her inner thighs.

His lips almost tease her wanting pussy as he lifts up and puts his mouth no more than an inch away from her opening. She fan feel him almost touching her but not quite, his hot breath against her genitals. All of this feeling at once, his hot breath on her wet wanting pussy, his now cool saliva on her inner thighs, and his head mere inches away from her sex started to drive her insane.

"Ask me for it" said Jimmy from between her legs.
