 This is the second part of the first entitled "Gotta love fucking fresh divorcees" where William a newly single gentleman is fucking a number of divorcees introduced to him at his church. He has a hot fuck-date with beautiful, shy, new divorcee, Lucille. This story is that fuck-date from Lucille's perspective. She wants to get laid just as bad or even more than William and discovers what real sex is all about. 

Most of the text is her internal thoughts. Only the words that are spoken are in quotation marks. 

Enjoy reading the thoughts of a woman in heat.

------------------------------------------

Oh, my word, I haven't been able to think straight for the last two days, not since my dinner date with William. He shocked me at the end of our evening together when he invited me to come over to his penthouse tonight and wear my new dress with no panties on underneath. I was speechless. Accepting would obviously mean that sex was in the cards. The next day after thinking about it, I decided that it was time to have sex with this strong gentleman. He texted me his address and I replied that I looked forward to our date. That was pretty much saying that I would be panty-less and willing. I'm just too shy with men to come right out and say it. 

 It's been a year since my divorce and I haven't been with a man in such a long time. Even my ex and I hardly had sex during our marriage. William and I have been dating for well over a month and he has been a perfect gentleman. He's nothing like my ex. He's masculine and strong. When he's beside me, I feel his powerful presence. I loved holding his hand when we hiked in the state park. It was so reassuring when we climbed steep, rocky areas and he would pull me up in the difficult parts. When we kissed and he held me, I felt safe in his arms. It made me realize what I have been missing in a relationship and why it had been a great idea to divorce my ex. 

 The word date seems so strange to me. I used to think that was just for high school kids, not for a grown up woman like myself. But I guess now that I am a divorced woman, I'm going to be dating, hopefully not for long. Single life is not for me. I like the security and peacefulness of married life. Maybe William is the strong, successful gentleman that I can be a great wife to and a mother to his children. Tonight will be the big test.

 As I stand before the full-length mirror in my bedroom, I see a good looking woman with traditional long blonde hair and a well-kept figure. Lord knows I've spent so much time doing Pilates and yoga. The physical exercise helps vent the sexual energy that keeps building up in my body. Many of my women friends use vibrators and other ways of masturbating but my religious convictions tell me this is the devil's work. So, I just get relief in other physical ways. But I do admit that my sexual urges get so strong that I often wake in the night from erotic dreams and it takes all my willpower not to stroke my private parts to get relief. 

 The last two days have been especially difficult. Thinking about walking through William's door with no panties on and him knowing has made me horny and panicked in waves. Here I am in the mirror with pink high-heels, my sexy shoulder-less cocktail dress and a bare bum underneath. My word, what would my mother think. I know she would be aghast at seeing me trim my pubic hair earlier. But it was so long. I'd never trimmed it in my entire life and it was very shaggy. After I had trimmed it, I ran my hand over my whole crotch to see how it felt with less hair down there. My hand gliding over my private parts almost made me faint with the erotic electricity that shot up through my body. I didn't expect that and it made me realize that I had repressed my sexual energy way too long. It's time to drive to William's house. Let me put on a little perfume first. Oh, heck, I'll put on some more. Please Lord, I hope he likes me.

 Later, going up the elevator.

 Here we are at the top floor. Only three apartments, his must be huge. Ah, there's his door. I'll knock.

 William swings open the door with gusto. What a handsome man he is. I feel nervous but give as big a smile as I can as he invites me in. How sweet, he's opening his arms to invite me for a hug. That feels so good. He has such a manly smell about him. Whoops! His hand just went down and checked my bum to see if I was wearing panties. My face just went hot with I'm sure a huge blush. He KNOWS I'm naked down there. I'm going to die of embarrassment. What does he think of me? Will he respect me?

 He's acting as if everything is so normal. He is so confident in his own skin. We go and sit at his dining room table with its nice lit candles and dinnerware. His apartment is so beautiful. I'd love to live in a place like this, at least before we had any kids. Kids do so much better in the suburbs. Lucille, stop that crazy thinking. You just met this man. 

 My goodness, he can cook. He brings out a nice pasta and salad. Pinch me. His shoulders are so broad and I can see a bit of chest hair with his shirt unbuttoned a bit. That is so masculine. My nostrils are flaring as I breath in and I swear I can smell his manly odor even across the table. His chin is so strong and the lips look so lush. Every time his eyes meet mine, I look down and blush. It's like he can read my mind and all the inappropriate thoughts I'm having. Lucille, you're thinking like a tart. 

 He says in a deep voice, "I can't believe some guy would be so dumb to lose a wonderful woman like you. What happened? You don't have to tell me if it's too sensitive." 

 Wow, should I tell him the truth? Sure, honesty is the best policy my father taught me. 

 "No, that's okay. If we are going to have a relationship, it's best that you know. My family and I are very religious so when I met my future husband in high school, we decided not to have sex until we were married. Because I went off to university, that meant we had to wait another four years before our marriage when I was almost twenty-four. After the wedding, we had sex just a few times and we discovered that he had a very low libido. In fact, he was almost impotent."

 "Lucille, that's too bad. I'm sorry to hear that. Well, I guess I'm lucky because that means you are here with me." 

 Oh yes, William I'm here with you. I know you won't be like my weak ex-husband. William's hands are so large. God, I just got a chill knowing that those hands will be feeling all over my body very soon. I can't wait. My pussy is starting to get wet just thinking about it. I wonder if it's true that a man with big hands has a large penis. 

 "We went to counselling for a few years but it didn't help. The therapist thought that he was possibly a homosexual and with his strict religious upbringing, he refused to accept it. Since I want to have children, there was no option other than divorce. I'm very shy with men and you are the first man I've dated since the divorce. Ethel was nice enough to introduce me to you and I trust her judgement. You have been such a perfect Christian gentleman since we met."

 Ethel was so enthusiastic about me meeting William. I think she has a crush on him herself even though she's happily married. 

 "William, I no longer think it's a good idea to wait for one's wedding night before having sex. That is what led to my problems with my ex-husband." I can't give him more of a go ahead signal than that. 

 He looks me deeply in the eyes and says, "Why don't we go into the living room and relax a bit." My heart skips a beat. Panic. Oh my heavens, it's going to happen. It's time. My breathing is fast and shallow. 

 He pulls my chair back as I stand. He puts a controlling hand in my lower back and directs me to a large black sofa in the living room. I sit and put my hands in my lap. Lucille, you're acting like a school girl. But I don't know what to do. I've never dated or been with a man other than my weak husband. I'll just wait and do what William says. 

 "Lucille, come over here closer." 

 I slide over to his side. Our bodies touching feels so right. He seems so large and I feel tiny. His arm over my shoulder and his hand on my bare skin there feel so good. 

 "Your perfume is so sexy."

 God, I'm so nervous I might explode. 

 "I'm glad you like it." I look up at him and say "William, I'm not that experienced at this kind of thing. I'm sorry." 

 "Don't worry Lucille. Everything will be fine. Don't be nervous. Just do whatever I say and all will be good. You can trust me."

 That makes me feel better. I lean my head on his chest. Goodness gracious, I see a big tent in William's pants. Those stories about large hands must be true.

 We kiss a light, sweet kiss. William puts his calming hands over mine in my lap and he's looking down at my body with a hungry look.

 "Lucille, you have such a beautiful body." 

 I whisper in his ear, "Thank you." 

 He kisses my hand and our lips meet in a passionate French kiss. Our tongues search for each other and swirl together perfectly. Williams hands cup my breast and an erotic sensation hits my crotch like a lightning bolt. He mauls both my breasts vigorously and I surrender to a wave of lust washing over me. 

 "Yes, yes" I can't believe I just said but I want him to know. Ummmmm. Good. My body is yours to use. I want you.

 "Do you think we should go to your bedroom?" I pant into his ear.

 He freezes and commands, "Sweetheart, I said just do what I say. We'll go to the bedroom when I say."

 "Of course, I'm sorry." I should have known that he should lead and I should follow. But I've never been this horny.

 "No problem. Now, where were we?"

 He pulls me forcefully to his body, grabs my ass and massages the cheeks deeply. The force of his lust is breath-taking. Yes, yes. Take me. 

 "Mmmmm. Sweet ass." 

 That dirty talk is turning me on. 

 "I don't feel any panties. Did you not wear any like I said?"

 I whisper, "No, I don't have any on." My face is hot with an instant blush. I feeling like a harlot but loving the sense of it.

 "That's what I like to hear, my dear."

 I feel his hand on my bare knee and in surprise it snaps together instinctively with the other knee so hard it hurts. So stupid! I kiss him again and spread my legs to allow him full access to my bare private parts. They need to be touched. They need his strong fingers. 

 "Lucille, be a darling and bring the hem of your dress up so I can view your sweet bare pussy." He's making me act like a total slut but that's what I am right now. I don't care. I reach down and bare myself. No man other than my ex and my doctor have seen my sex. But I want William to see it, lust for it and fill it with his manhood. I'll spread my legs as wide as possible to make him know I want him.

 His hand strokes my cunny lips expertly. I pant, "Sweet Jesus! Ahhh." My hips hump his hand as my body craves satisfaction. "My heavens that feels so good. Oh, William." My brain is clouded with lust. 

 William stops. Oh no, don't stop. He takes my hand and moves it to the hard erection in his pants. It's incredibly thick. I blurt out, "Oh my goodness. Jeez." I feel the long length. "Oh my goodness." I'm of two minds. Run or impale myself on this weapon. 

 He says loudly, "Let me help you there, love." 

 Wow, he just undid his belt and pant waistband and whipped his pants and underwear down. His penis is sticking up like a big, flesh-colored thick pole. It's so different than my ex's. 

 "Here, hold my cock nicely like this." 

 He takes my hand to his erection and wraps it around. It hot, soft on the outside but like granite inside. How will that huge thing get inside me? It feels so right. It feels oh, so right.

 "Very good. Just like that. That's the cock that will give you so much pleasure."

 He puts his hand over mine and slowly moves our hands with mine under his, up and down. 

 "Mmmm. It feels so good when you stroke the skin of my cock up and down like this." 

 "Why don't you give it a try, alone?" 

 Solo now, I stroke his manhood the best I can. Giving him pleasure makes me feel so good. I can feel William undoing the zipper in the back of my dress. The top falls to my waist. My bra clasp is next and I can feel cool air on my breasts as the bra cups fall away. I turn towards William and kiss his neck in surrender pressing my right breast against his chest. He fondles my left breast so sweetly. I keep stroking his manhood the best I can. The musky scent of his crotch and mine mingle in the sex charged air like an aphrodisiac. I keep kissing his neck in total surrender and I can hear a low animal growl deep in his throat. 

 He says in a commanding tone, "Now is a good time to go to my bedroom." 

 Thank goodness, it's going to happen. We walk to his bedroom. Standing beside his huge bed, we hug, kiss and William pushes my dress down and off. He's massaging my bum. I never knew my ass was so sensitive. It makes me crazy. 

 "Get on to the bed dear and lie down." For the last two days, I have been constantly thinking about lying in his bed and him mounting me. Sweet Jesus, it's going to happen.

 I lay down on my back, feeling so exposed. His eyes seem to be drilling into my private parts. One arm hides my breasts and the hand on my other arm covers my sex. 

 "Don't hide your charms from me Lucille. I want to see everything and touch everything on your beautiful body."

 I quickly drop my hands to the bed exposing everything to his eyes. Williams voice is so strong. I have no thought of disobeying. He slowly takes off his shirt. His chest is strong, tanned and covered with a manly coating of black hair. He drops his pants and stands there proudly with his big erection pointing up and his clean-shaven ball-sack hanging below. His masculinity is light years stronger that my ex. I feel a combination of danger and an overwhelming attraction to this alpha male. He slides in beside me and props his head on his hand and surveys my nakedness brazenly, like he owns me. 

 He murmurs, "Your body, is very beautiful, Lucille." 

 I can feel my nipples harden as he gazes over my beasts. He shifts lower and his hot mouth engulfs the nipple and areola. A mind-blowing surge of delicious, erotic energy resonates through my body. His swirling tongue keeps the sensation at a crazy-making level. I close my eyes and open my mouth in a silent scream of lust. 

 I pant, "Oh heavens, that feels so good William." I look down at his mouth suckling my happy breast. 

 He looks up and into my eyes. "Hold my balls in your hand Lucille. I love that." 

 I reach down and cup his ball sack. I feel like such as slut as he stares into my soul and sees my base desires. He knows I will do whatever he asks. I roll the eggs in his scrotum to give him more pleasure. 

 "Am I doing that right?" 

 He smiles. "Yes, sweetheart. That's perfect." Oh, thank goodness. What a relief.

 Where's he going. My goodness he's kissing my navel. Wow, he's going lower, moving between my legs with his nose nuzzling my pubic hair. My legs spring open without any thought from me. I can feel his hot breath on my pussy. His fingers are spread wide and slip under my buttocks. MY GOD. HE'S LICKING MY PUSSY! An atomic explosion of pure, erotic energy shots through my crotch and up to my brain. I'm panting and moaning in a sea of white light. Wow. Oh mother. It's like I was hit by a pleasure truck. I can't keep it in.

 "Ahhhh. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh my. I never thought. Oh. Oh." The sound of my words seems far off though I know I'm almost screaming them out.

 More and more tongue. More and more sweet pleasure. Looking down at the top half of William's face over my lower body while he licks my womanhood is so erotic. 

 He lifts his head and growls, "Hmmm, what a yummy pussy you have." Then he dives back into it. 

 I'm on a magic carpet ride of sexual stimulation as he works his tongue into sensitive areas that have never felt anything nearly this good. Oh that is so nice. Oh goodness he licked all the way down there. He seems to enjoy this. Wonder of wonders. What have I been missing all these years. The feelings are getting bigger and bigger. I think my private parts are going to explode. I surrender to the lusty energy and let it carry me towards a cliff, a dangerous erotic cliff into an undeniable instinctive place. Yes, yes, I need this fucking orgasm. Yes. Yes.

 Oh no! He stopped. No! I was almost there! CONFUSION.

 He's kneeling up between my legs. His penis is so huge. Panic. He reaches under my butt and lifts my bottom onto his thighs. My body is being pulled pussy first towards that big weapon, that beautiful weapon. That is the pleasure wand I need. Oh sweet, he's notching the tip in to the entrance of my vagina. Please split me. Please do me. 

 He falls forward with his weight, surprisingly light, onto me. The head of his penis is lodged tighter but not deep. Pain. Pleasure. Deeper, I need it deeper. God, it's ripping me open.

 "EEEEEEEEE" My scream echoes in the room. 

 He thrusts and with an animal roar, he is fully in and our hips thud together. Oh what pleasure. I feel like a real woman, mounted and taken. He pauses and buries his face in my hair. My vagina feels full and alive. It feels so right and nothing like anything I've felt before. I really need this fuck. I really need him to pound my pussy like a real man. I slip my hands to his butt-cheeks and squeeze them to give a sign that I need a good fuck. 

 He props himself up on his arms and looks down at me. He has such a strong chin and eyes that seem to look right into my erotic soul. He leans on one hand and cups my breast with the other. Yes, my body is yours to play with. I'm yours. Ow! He squeezed my nipple so hard it stings but such a delicious feeling. I love it. Yes, assault the other one too. Ahhh. Sweet pain. I turn my head and kiss his wrist in total loving surrender and gratitude. 

 Sweet Jesus, he's fallen on me. I love the feeling of his weight on me skin on skin. Oh lord he is pulling his cock back. Yes, he thuds his hips against mine and his weapon is fully deep in my center. What a glorious sensation. I wrap my legs and arms around his muscular body with a desperate need to not let him get away before I am well fucked. Yes, pull your hips back again and oh yes forward driving your cock deep inside. His animal sounds fill my ears as he pounds into me non-stop. Yes, yes, yes. 

 My pussy is electric with waves of orgiastic pleasure. Oh fuck, I'm going to die of pleasure. Stop. Don't stop. Ahhhhhh. 

 William props himself up with straightened arms and his face is distorted in pure lust as he drills into me. His eyes bug out and the veins in his face and neck pop out as he comes inside of me. I've never seen anything more erotic. Oh fuck, I'm cumming again.

 "Ahhhh. Oh William, I'm cuuuuuminnnng. Oh my god. YEEEEEESSSSSSS." 

 He falls back onto my body and screams, "AHHHHHHHHHH. OH FUCK! AHHHHHHH. FUCK FUCK. Holy shit!" drowning out my cries. 

 He stays deeply embedded inside me as our panting slows to heavy breathing. Then, he slides off me and I snuggle into his hot body. I throw my leg over his thighs and my arm over his chest as he lays on his back. I kiss his cheek many times. How can I ever thank him for showing me what sex is all about.

 "Thank you. Oh, thank you, William. I never thought sex could be this wonderful. Oh, my word, what have I been missing all these years."

 "We will have lots of great sex, my love. You have a lot of catching up to do and lots of new things to learn." 

 I kiss his lips and plead, "Can we make love again, now?" I can't wait.

 "Let's wait a few minutes. Do me a favor and get me a wet warm facecloth from the bathroom. That door over there. We need to clean up my equipment. You should do the same. It pays to be clean." 
