 Angie finally started to slowly began to recover from her multiple orgasms Bud had given her with just his hands. She realized he wasn't even undressed yet! 

Bud waited until he felt her lower her ass and hips back on to the bed before he continued to make love to her. His hand was completely wet from finger fucking her pussy as he came up from between her breasts popping a long hard nipple out of his mouth and moved up to kissed her. She pumped her tongue into his month moaning as she rotating her body against him and held him tightly in her arms. 

God she didn't realize how bad she had missed the touch of a real person rather than fucking vibrator. She said to herself: "God he hasn't even taken off his shirt yet and I have already had one hell of a set of orgasms. What will it be like when he fucks me?" 

Bud stood up as Angie watched him begin to undress. She was a little embarrassed that she let him get her off so fast and so hard. He smiled and said: "WOW Angie!! You must have really needed that. I never seen a lady get off so fast and so hard." 

She blushed and told him: "Well Bud, I told you it's been very along time! A very, very long time. And yes, I needed that one and the next and the next." 

He smiled again and let his shirt fall to the floor. He stepped out of his tan shorts. Then he slowly began to pull his boxers down teasing her a little. She could see his bulge pressing against the material and she laughed, saying: "Hey! Now did I do that to you? Take them off right now and let me see you, all of you." 

He laughed and said: "Maybe you'll be disappointed." 

She told him: "Well if that lump in your boxers is anything like I think it is and the way you got me off so quickly with just your hands, I don't think I'm going to be disappointed. NOW! Drop those shorts boy and come up here and make love to me." 

He laughed and let them fall down around his feet. His hard cock sprang out nicely and rocked up and down. It wasn't long like in those stories you read where every man has a 12 inch long 6 inch round cock. But Bud's was maybe 7 or 8 inches long and 3 inches around. But dam it looked very hard. She watched it jump and bounce as he stepped out of his boxers and crawled up on the bed towards her. 

She wasn't sure who was bigger her husband Frank or her new lover Bud. But when she started jerking it off a few times, she saw it grow longer and she knew, Bud's was bigger! He wasn't much bigger but he was bigger and with a cock every inch counts! 

She still had her legs wide open for him and now she held her arms out again and said: "Now use that big thing like I hope you know how to do." 

Bud smiled as he again moved over her sweet young body. Angie smiled as she looked at him and told him: "Make love to me baby."

Bud said: "Put me in Angie! Put me in!" 

She reached between them and circled her hand around Bud's long hard cock. She was thinking: "Yep, he's longer but I think Frank is a little thicker. This is going to work out great. She pushed back on the foreskin making the big purple fat cock head stick out bigger and tighter. She opened her legs wider and rubbed the head up and down her wet cunt as she looked into Bud's eyes. 

He said: "OH God Angie! Come on!! I'm going to cum if you don't put me in baby. I want you as bad or worst than you want me. Come on put the head against your pussy hole and lift up and I'll do the rest."

She moved the red/purple cock head into her hole so the tip was inside her about a half an inch. She lifted as he pushed down and since she was already so wet, the head of Bud's cock moved in smoothly but slowly past the tight opening and up into her tunnel. She lifted higher and moaned as she felt it go in further and further and further along the walls of her tunnel. The head and most of the shaft was now all the way inside her and she felt it moving deeper and deeper into her pussy rubbing against her pussy walls. She moaned again and said: Oh yes Bud! Oh god baby. You feel incredible . Oh yes deeper push it deeper baby. Yes!. Oh yes! Give it all to me now baby. I need it. OHHHHH YES! YES! YES BUD!" 

Bud began to pump now moving in and out of Angie's tight wet and very hot pussy. She went to wrap her arms around his neck when she felt his arms go under her thighs and lift. She felt her legs being lifted and placed up over her body until her feet were over her head and her knees were being pressing against her breast. Bud knew what he was doing all right. She loved to be fucked this way. 

She whispered with a deep horse voice that didn't sound like her: "Fuck me Bud give me all of your wonderful cock. Oh yes baby. Fuck me harder. Fuck me faster. Oh yes! Oh god yes! It's so good. I need it so bad baby. So good baby. Mumm! You're so fucking good." 

She closed her eyes and smiled as she felt Bud picked up the speed of his thrusts now as he began to fuck her harder and faster. He was loving every second he was inside her and wanted to pump a gallon of his cum into her. But he asked: "Should I cum inside you Angie? Are you protected?" 

She moaned almost yelling: "I god!! YES, OH YES BUD. CUM IN ME. IT'S OK!. CUM IN MY BABY. FILL ME! OH YES I WANT TO FEEL YOU CUM INSIDE ME. NOW BUD. CUM IN ME NOW!! AHHHHHH!!!! YESSSSSS!!!!!!!! I'm CUMMINGGGG!!!"

When Bud heard her say that, he began to really move in and out of her pussy now like a man under a magical spell. His nuts were so tight as they slapped hard against her rocking ass. He looked like he almost didn't have any nuts at all, like they were up inside him. He knew he wasn't going to last much longer! She was just to beautiful and so tight and so fresh any man would have trouble lasting very long the first time he was with her. God she was beautiful and wanted to be fucked by him so bad! 

Oh yes he wanted to cum and he had hoped she was going to cum with him. She began to hump up and down now as he released her legs and she wrapped them around him immediately. She lifted them both up off the bed higher and higher as her orgasm was about to bust into her mind and body like never before in her life. She didn't know if it was his skill, if he was very good and fucked her very well, or because he was new to her. It may have been that she had not had a real man inside her for almost 3 months or that she was cheating on her husband. She didn't know why it felt like it did. But she realized that her orgasm was going to be one of the best she had ever had in her life. 

It continued to build and build and build as Bud slammed and slammed and slammed his cock into her pussy. She knew it was evil and wrong to cheat on her husband, but it felt so right with Bud. So right. Angie was thrusting her ass and hips up into Bud now with all the force and drive she had in her. 

She had never gone this wild this crazy with her passion as she continue fucking him. Not even on her wedding night with Frank had she felt this wild this free this full of lust and desire for more. She was becoming an animal now as her body took over and was driving higher and higher. She screamed loud and held them both up off the bed as she started to orgasm. She began to cum and continued to cum and cum and cum as her orgasm took over completely and put her into a wonderful state of sexual pleasure.

As her passion continued to climb, she was float on a cloud of bliss but still feeling every inch of Bud's nice long cock fucking her hard as she had ever been fucked before. Bud was moaning and moaning as his cock swelled and felt even harder inside her pussy hole. She knew he was going to cum. He cried out as his first shot of cum pumped into Angie like some cannon going off. Shot after wonderful shot flew deep into her body filling her pussy completely and in fact there was so much it started to over flow and ran down her ass crack on to the bed. 

Angie held him deep inside her with her thighs squeezing him and her legs pulling him even deeper into her pussy. She had her arms wrapped around his neck and they simply held on to each other as her body fucked them both up and down up and down up and down! They both screamed with pure sexual lust! 

Angie tried to pull all of Bud into her pussy. She was wishing she could get all of him inside her not just his cock. She had this unbelievable desire for him to get deeper and deeper. Oh fuck she was cumming again. "OH YES THIS WAS SO WONDERFUL. This is what fucking should be.", she said to herself. It was so dam good. 

Finally after about at least a half an hour of thrusting and ramming and humping her body on his cock, she began to finally slow down. Their body slowly rocked and pumped against each other as Angie held him for a very long time. Bud didn't even try to get up, he loved being held tight against this beautiful woman. His cock was starting to shrinking and finally she let her legs drop from around his body. They both felt his cock slide out of her pussy. 

She moaned. He lifted up and kissed her long and deep. She softly rotated her body under him as his tongue licked and fucked her lips and mouth. She broke their embrace and said: "Oh god Bud that was incredible! It was unbelievable baby! It was the best sex I have ever had in a very long time, maybe ever in my entire life. You were fantastic."

He said: "Spend the night Angie. Stay here with me tonight, baby. We'll make love to each other all night long. Stay with me tonight." 

She looked at him and said: "Let's sit up." 

They did and as they sat with each other on the bed, Angie felt the cum begin to slowly run out of her pussy forming a small puddle on the bed under her. 

He said it again: "Stay with me tonight Angie. Come on baby, stay with me." 

She said: "Well I don't know for sure Bud, we haven't known each other very long and I don't usually do this sort of thing this soon in a relationship. God you sure did get to me. Can we take a shower and had something to drink? I'll tell you later if I'm staying the night. Fair?" 

He smiled and got up with his now soft 4-inch cum covered cock swinging between his legs. She moved over the bed and rubbed the cum all over her ass as she did. She took his hand and he helped her up off the bed. They walked with arms around each other to the big shower stall. 

He said: "Want me to wait out here while you shower this time?" She laughed and pulled him into the cool almost cold water. It soon turned warm and then hot as they held each other and kissed and touched like new lovers always do. Neither could get enough of each other's body. Once they had washed each other making sure their sexual parts were super clean, Angie saw Bud's cock growing back to life in her hand. She smiled because she knew she was about to be fucked again. 

But Bud surprised her and dropped to his knees and pulled her to him. She moaned and gladly opened her legs wide for him. She so wanted his mouth and tongue to lick and suck her pussy. It had been so long since her husband had done that to her and she really missed it. Bud inhaled her sweet musk odor and buried his face against her cunt. His mouth and tongue went to work. 

In seconds Angie was moaning and shaking as she looked down on his head up between her legs eating her into another standing orgasm. She bent her legs and squatted so he could really get under her pussy and lick her crazy. 

She climaxed and as she did she grabbed his hair and pulled him up into her cut as she squatting on his face. He licked her until she couldn't stand it any longer and pulled him up to her. 

They dried off again paying attention to the other's sex. They than walked back into the bedroom. She almost fell down from the oral stimulation he had given her while standing in the tub seconds ago. He grabbed her and made sure she didn't fall. He than moved her to the big chair in his room.

Wonder what he was doing, Angie asked: "Now what baby?"

He didn't talk, he sat her down and she watched as he opened her legs placing one on each arm of the chair. She smiled as she knew what to expect now! Bud was going to really eat her pussy!

He pulled her lower body to the edge of the chair and moved into her again. With her legs higher that her pussy and opened like they were, her pussy lips were already opened waiting, dripping for his mouth. The bones in her legs that end at her pussy were sticking out against the skin and Bud bit and sucked on them he kissed her from one upper thigh to the other across her pussy. He could taste her wetness as him mouth slide over her wet hole She moaned and held his head trying to get his mouth directly on her cunt. She moaned each time that his mouth came into contact with her pussy. She watched as Bud worked on her pussy driving her wild with lust. Again and again he licked and sucked on her. Then he would stop! He was building her higher and higher and as the time went on and he stayed between her legs she was taken over with lust She yelled: "Eat me baby! Make me cum! You're driving me crazy! OH god BUD!!! MAKE ME CUM! I'm going to go crazy! Eat me! Use your tongue! OHHHHH! BUD!"

His fingers were slowly stroking her pussy slit up and down and then he used a finger to stimulate her ass hole. Bud knew he was really getting to her from the moans, sighs and grunts she made as he worked on her pussy with all the skills he knew. 

Angie told him again in a soft sexy voice now. It was so low and so easy he almost didn't hear her. She said: "Oh Bud please. Please eat me and make me cum. I'm hurting so bad baby. Please."

He came up and kissed her lips and fucked her mouth with his tongue letting her taste her own pussy juices. As he kissed her his three fingers never stopped finger fucking her pussy hole. He broke the kiss and teased her saying: "Are you ready baby? Do you want to cum? Do you want me to lick your pussy and make you cum or fuck you and make you cum?" 

She moaned: "Lick me Bud! I haven't have my pussy licked in a very long time. Then fuck me darling. Fuck me hard and long and make me scream. Oh God Bud I'm going crazy baby. Make me cum. NOW!!"

Bud kissed her one last time and sat back down in front of her. His face was only an inch from her heat. He took one more big breath and loved her odor coming between her wide-open legs. He used his hands and pushed her legs even wider as he burned his face into her cunt. Angie could feel shocks of pleasure rippling through her body and directly pulsing into her pussy.

Angie wanted to close her eyes and let it happen, but didn't. She had to see this wonderful man eat her pussy. The pleasure from Bud's mouth and tongue were so great her breath came in gasps as she pressed her soft pussy lips into his mouth. She moaned: "Oh yes. Oh yes Bud, suck it baby. Suck my pussy." 

Suddenly she began to shake and shiver as her vagina pulsed and throb. Her body trembled as she began to climax. She bit her lip to keep from crying out as her thighs quivered and she gasped for breath. Her vagina was throbbing almost painfully as bud continued to stimulate it. She was so worked up she had reaching the point of no return again and she knew she was coating his face with her cum. But she didn't care she had to cum again. God his tongue was like a devil inside her as her swollen clit stuck out and Bud was sucking on it. He gently teased it, bringing her closer and closer to another climax. 

Again her breath got caught in her throat as a strong climax rushed through her body and Bud reinserted three fingers deep inside her as he sucked her clit. Her hips lifted off the chair and her legs help lift her up as she shook with lust. When he touched her clit directly with his tongue he pressed it hard against it. She shook with passion! As Bud fingered her faster and faster, she again felt her vagina pulse as he pressed his tongue as deep into her hole as he could. He began to fuck her with his tongue now giving his fingers a rest. Oh God, suck it.", Angie then yelled out: "SUCK IT BABY. SUCK IT." 

Angie was gasping for breath as Bud began to nibble on her pussy lips and around her hole. Suddenly, her hips lifted up again and she groaned loudly as an incredible climax began inside her clit. It started as a tiny tremor in her chest and ran quickly to her pulsing vagina. Then it exploded throughout her body as she screamed in pleasure: "YES!! OH FUCK YES BUD! EAT ME. EAT ME!! EAT ME!! EAT MEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!! OH GOD!!!! YESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

Several seconds later, her body began to tremble like she had received an electric shock. Then every muscle tensed. "Ohhhhhh Goddddddd." Her voice seemed to scream out as another strong climax ripped through her. This one seemed to go on for a much longer time. She could feel the walls of her vagina throbbing with each wave of pleasure that rippled through her. 

She knew Bud's hand and face were soaked with her sex juices. Bud took his mouth off of Angie's pussy but kept her legs up over the arms of the chair. He used his hand now and cupped the fat outer lips of her dripping hot pussy. He squeezed the entire fat swollen cunt feeling it mush between his fingers and got a moan of pleasure from the young girl. He moved his finger between the puffy sexually excited lips and softly rubbed the retire length of her slit up and down before slowly pushing a finger upward again moving it inside. Within seconds his hand was completely covered with her slick fluid again.

Angie's head was buzzing so loud with her passion and lust she didn't hear Bud say: "I'm going to eat you again my sweet love and then carry you to the bed and make love to you for the rest of the night." 

Angie's eyes were closed and she was panting like a dog in heat. She gasped for each breath as Bud placed his mouth back between her smooth opened thighs again. Angie was lifting and pushing Bud's head towards the center of her sex. She moaned and told him: "Oh god yes Bud. Suck my pussy. Suck it baby. Make me cum again. Please baby. OH GOD! YES! EAT ME! EAT ME!! EAT MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!." 

Angie's hands grabbed Bud's blonde hair and pulled him hard into her pussy. She tried to shove his entire face into her hole. Bud licked and kissed all around Angie's pussy as she begins to go wild fucking his fingers and mouth. She moaned out loudly: "Oh BUD! I'm CUMMING AGAIN! EAT ME. AHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!" 

Bud felt she was going to cum hard one last time and pressed his mouth against Angie's pussy burning with desire. "AHHHH! MY GOD!!! YES BUD!!! MY GOD!!!!!!!! YESSSSSSSSSSSS! OH FUCK YES!!!!!!!!", she screamed as he began to lick and suck as hard and fast as he could.

She felt like her insides were being sucked out, like her sole was in Bud's mouth as he sucked and sucked and sucked Angie's pussy. And then Bud pushed his tongue as deep into Angie's cunt hole as he could get it. Angie screamed again with sexual delight as Bud began to fuck her with his tongue. He continued to do it until Angie screamed again and began to fill his mouth and covered his face with her cum. She held his head tightly against her pussy feeling his lips and tongue giving her what she so desperately need for so long.

Finally, Angie dropped her legs off the chair and placed them over his shoulders as she began to hump his face as she lifted her ass up off the chair pumping her sweet young cunt on his mouth in time with his sucking. 

Jesus he knew how to suck a pussy. Angie rammed her cunt against his wet face and continued to orgasm, one after the other after the other. Bud felt her body begin racing toward another climax. He sucked and sucked and she climaxed and climaxed. Just as she was starting to recover a little, Bud sucked her extremely swollen clit between lips, and softly bit it with his teeth. Rockets went off again inside Angie's head and the roaring came back as she screamed, lifting her hips again and shook with the start of a huge orgasm. God knows how many she had had already. Every cell in her body was on fire. The heat radiating from her pussy felt like she was on fire. Her heart was beating so fast it scared she and she couldn't catch her breath. "Ahhhhhhhh. Ohhhhh. Budddddd. Yesssssss!!! " she screamed over and over again. She was climaxing like she had never experienced before in her life.
