 It's true that I'm the most eligible middle aged bachelor in our large church congregation. That's not a boast. It's just the truth. I own a successful business and God blessed me with strong, lean body. Women seem to think I'm handsome. My wife passed away two years. She was an incredible woman, mate and friend. She was very beautiful by anyone's standard. My world was completely shaken but after a year, I started dating again. 

It's been a great adventure. Married ladies in the church are constantly trying to hook me up with one of their single friends. I've made a decision to just have casual sex for a few years with as many nice women as I can before settling down. There can't be any harm in that. I treat all my women like they are queens. My confidence in my seduction skills is proven by a 100% success rate in bedding almost two dozen women that I decided were pretty enough to go out with and the personality profile I like. 

I'm very choosy as to the type of women I date. Hard, aggressive ones are not for me. No, I only go out with sweet, shy types with strong Christian traditional values that are recently divorced or separated from their first husbands. Traditional values also apply to the bedroom. In my mind, men should be strong and women, feminine. I like them rather inexperienced with men other than the husband that took their virginity on their wedding night. Our congregation is so large that many lovely ladies that fit my profile are introduced to me. Believing in honesty, I tell them I'm not looking for a long term relationship right now. But they still want to date me in hopes that I might change my mind. And you know what, maybe I will if the right, very special lady comes along. In fact, that special person might be the beautiful lady that's coming to my penthouse apartment tonight.

My strong belief is that God created man and that procreation is necessary to keep our species going. Therefor sex is Godly not shameful. The more lusty, the more Godly. Men should be strong in the bedroom. Women should be feminine and nurturing. The Lord has blessed me with a very strong libido as you will read in the following account. You will be reading my thoughts and may be shocked at my language. In social circles, my language is prim and proper but in a sexual setting, I believe it is best to use randy words and phrases like, fuck, cock and pussy. Women, in my experience, get turned on by what they call 'dirty talk'. One word I never use is cunt. I said that once to a woman I was fucking and she stopped at that moment, got dressed and left in a huff, never to talk to me again. That word can be as charged for a woman as the N word is to a black person.

I always have three or four these newly-free housewives that I am casually meeting and moving slowly into my bed and two or three that I am actively fucking with gusto. They love the animal-like, hard pounding of my cock in their hot pussies. Most have never had great sex. I love seeing the new joy of a good fuck with a spectacular orgasm change a woman's attitude. After a month or two, a conquest is dropped from the sex schedule and I break in another. I say break in because these shy, rather sexually innocent women need some firm handed training in how to please a man. Plus, they discover their own lusty natures after having bad sex with their lame hubbies for years. That's where my experienced teaching has come in handy. 

I really don't feel badly about what I am doing. In my mind, the women are discovering their primitive, erotic natures and their future male lovers will be given great sex from a well-trained female. The women-me-the future men, win-win-win.

Let me give you a current sample of how things progress. Tonight, Lucille is coming over to my penthouse apartment for dinner. This is the first time she has been to my place and it will be the first time we'll have sex. I know we will have sex because when I invited her to come over, I told her to wear a nice dress and not wear any panties. Of course, you might think it's hard to believe that I would be that bold but it is my way of getting a woman's mind right when she has made the decision to have sex with me. My courting is slow until I see all the signals from a woman that she is ready and eager to get properly laid. Then I make it obvious that it will happen when I want.

I have been dating Lucille for about a month. That is normal for my conquests. We started with a coffee, progressed to lunches, went to a live theatre play holding hands in the dark, and went on a nice hike in a local state park with an occasional sweet kiss at the nice viewpoints. I go very slowly. It's so incredibly sexy knowing that I will bed these beautiful women as we slowly move along the path of courtship. I visualize how their bodies look under their clothing. It's fun to watch them flirt with me and give me hints at their sexual nature. Another thing is that I like to touch them innocently as we talk and get inside their personal space. This works wonders later when I'm trusted and strip off their clothes. I'm a real romantic at heart. It's a turn-on to see them gradually feel more and more comfortable around me. It's especially erotic when I know they have decided to let me fuck them. Then, I delay a day or so before consummating our union. The time to think about our impending romp gets them very horny for the big night. 

Enough of the theory, let me take you on an experience tonight with a truly wonderful woman to show how things go.

Let me describe Lucille. She is absolutely gorgeous. At 29, she's younger than most of my conquests. She has a freshness and youthful vigor that is extremely attractive. Her body is toned from her Pilates sessions. She has perky breasts, my guess 34B cup, slim at the waist and a nice ass, the type that is good to hold on to when you driving your cock into their pussy from behind. Her long blonde hair falls down to her shoulders framing her beautiful face with high cheekbones, luscious lips and dark blue eyes that you can get lost in. She reminds me of Charlize Theron but with fuller lips. As beautiful as she is, her personality is humble, shy and traditionally nurturing. She is a devout Christian. Whenever she catches me looking at her, she blushes and looks down meekly. She dresses very conservatively. Her sweet way of being along with her drop-dead gorgeous looks makes me so horny that every date we have together has been driving me crazy with lust. I always book a booty call with one of the women I'm fucking after I have a date with Lucille. I'm talking hours after not days. The booty call works off the sexual tension. They surely think that they are the object of my lust, but no. It was the vision of beautiful, luscious, soon to be mounted by me, Lucille that were rolling around in my brain.

The last date we had was a dinner date at a fancy restaurant. It was such a turn-on being across from her. She was wearing what must have been a new shoulder-less formal dress with a nice amount of cleavage showing. It was a metallic silver color that went perfectly with her long blonde hair. She dressed to impress me. I like that. She gave all the usual signs of falling for me. She laughed at all my lame jokes and smiled openly at me. She even often ran her fingers through her golden hair in that sexy way women do when they are offering themselves to a mate. In my own way, I was totally falling for her too. As we ate dessert with a sweet ice-wine, she was first to slip her hand across the table to cover mine.

Looking deeply into my eyes, she leaned forward and unshyly for the first time said, "William, I really enjoy our times together and I hope we can get to know each other better." 

Wow, I thought. That's her way of saying she wants to be bedded. I could feel a titanium hard erection straining inside my suit pants. The slow buildup was over. It was time to move on. 

"Lucille, I find you very attractive and very sweet." I couldn't help but give a knowing smile and look down at her luscious breasts straining to spill out of her dress. When I looked up she was blushing crimson at my brazen gaze of her assets but kept an inviting smile on her gorgeous face. She gave my hand a nice squeeze as a sign that my lechery was not just tolerated but appreciated. 

I find women want to have a horny mate and find it good and not offensive once she's welcomed him into her erotic world. This is why after I am fucking a woman regularly, I often sneak a feel of their asses while we stand together and nobody is watching or stroke their pussies under the table in a restaurant where no one can see. They love it. 

"I feel the same about you, Lucille. We should get to know each other much better." We both knew what that meant. She was offering herself and I could take her to my place at that moment and bed her. But I have a ritual that has worked like a charm for maximum erotic stimulation. After I reach a point like now with Lucille, where a woman openly offers herself and I accept, I always invite them to my penthouse a few days later. This gives their minds some time to be in the right space for sex. The other thing was, I had Wynona coming to my apartment at 11:00 for a booty call to cool off my lust after my date with sweet Lucille.

As a quick note, I was so fucking horny when Wynona arrived I opened the door, pulled her inside, grabbed her ass and kissed her deeply. Then, we almost ran to my bedroom and I got her on all fours on the bed lifted up her skirt, literally ripped her thong off and fucked her doggy-style in a sexual frenzy for what seemed like hours but could have been minutes. Lucille in that silver dress with her tits spilling out was on my mind every second.

Back to what happened at my dinner with Lucille. 

I lied and said, "I have an early business flight tomorrow morning. Let's have dinner at my penthouse on Friday when I get back?" I could spot a little flash of disappointment on her face. She had obviously thought her new dress and sexual overtures would get her bedded that night.

"Sure, William, I'd love that."

We drove home in silence. There was an erotic tension in the air. She put her hand over mine on the gear shift knob all the way there. Her thumb stroked my little finger. Looking down at her perfect legs with the hem of her dress halfway up her thigh, it was all I could do to not run my hand up her leg and feel her hot pussy. I was confident it was available if I wanted. But I restrained myself to keep to the usual plan. My lust was rising at every mile we travelled. I started to realize the torture that I had put on myself having to fantasize for two days about fucking this perfect female. It could be dangerous by the time she arrived at my penthouse.

When we got to her house, I quickly got out and opened her door like a gentleman. I took her hand to help her up and her legs parted. She was wearing a sweet pink lace pair of panties. I almost lost my resolve and asked to go inside her place for "coffee", meaning sex, but stayed strong and refrained. 

I did wrap my arms around her and kissed her very deeply for the first time. It was a spectacular French- kissing moment. Our tongues swirled with equal passion. She gave a small groan of pleasure mixed with submission. I like to move slowly with a new woman but my right hand had a mind of its own and reached down to cup her firm ass-cheek, massaging it. She groaned a bit louder and reached up with both hands to the back of my head, pulling my lips firmly to hers and offering up her body fully for me to explore. My testosterone level hit the red zone. I had an urge to bend her over the hood of my car, lift up that fucking beautiful silver dress and drive my cock into her hot pussy like an animal right there. I knew I had to exit or I might do something impetuous that might risk our budding relationship. 

Our lips parted and I looked down into her big eyes, "Unfortunately, I have to leave now but I look forward to Friday night. Please come over about 7 o'clock. I'll text you my address." I slipped my hand down to her bum again and looked into her big blue eyes. "Please wear this beautiful dress. It is so sexy on you." She smiled at the compliment. "And don't wear any panties." Her eyes widened in surprise and before she could react further, I kissed her deeply again. Our lips were locked for at least a minute and we were both panting with lust when they parted. I stepped back, kissed her hand like she was a princess, turned and quickly went over to the driver's side door, got in and screeched the tires as I raced off, leaving her speechless. 

The next day, I texted her my address and she replied that she was looking forward to our time together. Not mentioning the 'no panties' comment sealed the deal. We were going to have a fuck-fest at my place. I had stiff erection for two days just imagining her coming to my place without panties under that sexy dress. She was so sweet that I did something that I hadn't done with any of my other conquests, I refrained from sex for two days. Her stunning beauty had me a bit intimidated. That was new for me. I wanted to be as randy as possible when she came over. Not that I would ever force a woman to have sex if she didn't want it. No means no. But if a panty-less horny woman is in my space, no matter how gorgeous, I want all the energy I can muster to forge ahead to our mutual satisfaction. What I've learned from my sexual exploits over the last year is that these shy, rather inexperienced women want someone to sweep them off their feet and confidently tear down their sexual inhibitions. They don't want respectful, tender loving care early in the relationship. It makes them even more unsure of what to do. No, they want a horny, experience man to take control and allow them to discover their own lusty nature, without shame. Like I said, great sex is God's great gift to men and women.

So that is the background to what happened leading up to tonight. Lucille should be here any moment. I will be a little pissed if she's late. I've made a nice seafood pasta with a nice salad. It's warming in the oven and will be easy to serve. The dining room table looks great with two large candles burning nicely and plates and cutlery arranged. Soft music is playing in the background. I'm wear a light brown jacket with dark brown slacks and a white shirt. I decided to not wear a tie even though Lucille will be in a rather formal dress. I want to be the cool, more casual one. 

There's the buzzer. I'll let her in. It's exactly seven o'clock. Very good. It will take a minute for her to come up in the elevator. My god, I'm getting a woody already. Better massage my crotch to relax. Down boy. Cool it big guy. That's better. 

A light knock on the door. I open it and there she is, a vision of beauty in that same sexy dress.

"Hey, great to see you. Come on in." She smiles sweetly. I take her hand and draw her in. She has a nervous look on her face. I stand back and look her up and down, eating her with my eyes. 

"Lucille, you look so beautiful. My goodness, aren't I one lucky guy." She blushes shyly. I open my arms to invite her for a hug. She hesitates slightly and comes to me. I wrap my arms around her. She looks up and I kiss her lips. Her flowery perfume is intoxicating. I slide my hand down to her ass to check if she is panty-less. I just feel her smooth tight ass under the silk of her dress with no panty outline. Great. It's always best that a woman knows that I know she isn't wearing panties. It makes the atmosphere instantly sex-charged. I step back and point to the dining room table.

"I made us a little dinner. Why don't you sit over here?" I pull out a chair for her to sit. 

"I'll just get the food from the kitchen." I go fill plates with pasta and salad, place them before us and sit opposite her. 

"Would you like some red wine, Lucille?" 

"That would be nice, William." I pour us both a glass.

I toast, "Here's to getting to know each other better." She blushes, recognizing my meaning and looks down shyly as we clink our wine glasses together. If possible, she is even more gorgeous that the last time I was with her. Maybe, knowing that we will be having sex has brought out a sexy side of her nature. Her skin seems to glow. Knowing her girlie parts are exposed under that dress gives me a sense of sexual tension that makes my breathing shallow with occasional surges of adrenaline as I envision her in the nude under me. My heart rate jumps every time the thought crosses my mind. I wonder if she shaves her pussy. My guess is no since she is so traditional and hasn't dated since her divorce. It takes all my will power to not go stand up, go around the table, sweep her up, take her to my bedroom and rip her clothes off to see if it's bald or hairy. Intellectually, I know going slow will be more memorable but it's a close call as to which side of my nature will win the moment.

We dig in to our meals. "I can't believe some guy would be so dumb to lose a wonderful woman like you. What happened? You don't have to tell me if it's too sensitive." 

"No, that's okay. If we are going to have a relationship, it's best that you know. My family and I are very religious so when I met my future husband in high school, we decided not to have sex until we were married. Because I went off to university, that meant we had to wait another four years before our marriage when I was almost twenty-four. After the wedding, we had sex just a few times and we discovered that he had a very low libido. In fact, he was almost impotent."

"Lucille, that's too bad. I'm sorry to hear that. Well, I guess I'm lucky because that means you are here with me." Oh my god, I thought, this woman is almost a virgin. Well, his loss but my gain. Hell, I bet she hasn't even sucked a cock. Teaching her is going to be fun.

She looks down demurely. I lick my lips as I ogle her breasts spilling out the tops of her dress with a push-up bra that women love wearing to show off their charms. I can't wait to cup those beauties in my hands.

"We went to counselling for a few years but it didn't help. The therapist thought that he was possibly a homosexual and with his strict religious upbringing, refused to accept it. Since I want to have children, there was no option other than divorce. I'm very shy with men and you are the first man I've dated since the divorce. Ethel was nice enough to introduce me to you and I trust her judgement. You have been such a perfect Christian gentleman since we met."

Knowing she is almost a virgin and with her coming here offering herself panty-less to me, I can't wait much longer. 

"Yes, Ethel is a very nice lady. I trust her judgement too. She said you were a very nice and proper, Christian lady. I'm very choosy as to the woman I want in my life." It's always best with a beautiful woman who has likely had men falling all over themselves to please her, to turn the tables and have her trying to impress me and reach my standards.

"William, I no longer think it's a good idea to wait for one's wedding night before having sex. That is what led to my problems with my ex-husband." She looks over at me nervously biting her lip. It must have been very difficult for this modest girl to have said that.

That is my signal to move things along. We could go directly to my bedroom but I always like to mess around a bit on my sofa as some foreplay to get warmed up slowly and more erotically.

"Why don't we go into the living room and relax a bit."

I stand, go behind her chair and pull it back as she rises. Enough of the eating, we have better things to do. There is that sensuous perfume again. I hold her hand which is a bit damp from nervousness and guide her to the black leather sofa. We sit. She is sitting nervously about an arm's length away on my left. 
