 As he looked into Angie's eyes, Bud knew he would be hard again very quickly. She smiled and he smiled. Bud told her: "God Angie! You are the most beautiful woman I have ever been with in my life. You are a spectacular woman."

He could never get tired of looking at her beautiful face and body. She was truly a lovely young lady. He rolled her over and sat up so he could take in all of her body and face. He licked his lips as she lay there letting he touch her wherever he wanted. She moaned when he softly began to stroke her pussy again with his index finger. Up and down her wet slit he slid the finger pressing it in to her just a little and watching it disappear into her pussy hole. She moaned when she felt it go in about half way. 

Bud said: "I want to fuck you Angie. I want to give you all of my love and all of my cock and I want to make you cum now. I want to please you baby! Please you so you'll stay with me with all the time and never leave. God Angie I can't get enough of you!" 

She moaned with a lust and a need for a man, Bud, she had never known before in her young life. She told him: "Oh Bud if only we could be together all the time forever. Oh yes baby! Yes! I want you to fuck me wild. But this time I want to be on top Bud. I want to be on top riding your cock until we both scream." 

He felt he was in a dream! She wanted to fuck him! He rolled them both over and she sat up and straddled his thighs immediately. She took his hard shaft in her small hand and moved her body over it until she could see it sticking straight up under her. She slowly pumped the shaft a few times watching a drop of pre-cum form in the hole in the middle of the cock head. She took her finger and took it off. She smiled an evil smile down at Bud as she put the finger in her mouth and cleaned the pre-cum off. She than lifted her fantastic body up over Bud again and centered his cock at the door to her pussy's opening. Bud said: "Put me in baby! Sit on my cock and let me bury it all the way into your body! Oh Angie baby! OH YES! That's its! Now sit down all the way baby! Oh god yes that's feels so good!"

Angie almost had an orgasm when Bud's fat cock head touched her swollen pussy lips and parted them as she came down on it. She wiggled and rotated her hips and it slowly went into her small cunt hole. "OH GOD! OH GOD OHHHH GOD BUD!" she cried out as she sank down further and further and further taking first 3 than 4 then 5 inches up into her body.

Inch by inch it Bud's cock went into her small tight wet tunnel until he felt Angie's ass touch his thighs. Then she began to rise up a little, before coming down on his cock again, and again, and again. When she went up this time she kept only the fat cock head inside her pussy! Bud moaned loudly from the feeling his body was so excited. When she came back down, she grunted as his cock filled her opening and the long tunnel almost touching her cervix. She sat on lap with his balls under her. She smiled down at him again! The skin around his fat cock head was stretched tight and Bud knew he was as deep as he could go inside her pussy. 

They both stopped and sat there slowly rocking against each other feeling how good it was between them. He kissed her hands and when she bent forward he kissed her with all the care of a lover who wanted more than a night of sex here and there! Bud wanted to have Angie with him all the time. If only it could be so. 

Angie wiggled a little waiting until she could adjust completely to his large shaft that filled your pussy. He could feel her vagina tighten and relax, tighten and relax as she rocked back and forth on his cock. Then Angie moaned deeply as she started moving very slowly up and down on his long hard shaft again as a deep burning desire filled her body. "Oh God this was so good, so good", Angie said to herself. As she closed her eyes closed and let her head tilted back. Bud could feel his cock throbbing inside her and each time she squeezed him, he felt he would not be able to hold off for another second. Then she would release his shaft from her cunt wall's lock around his cock. 

Bud could already felt his balls begin to churn, wanting to release his cum. They moaned and moaned together, not being able to find the words to tell each other how good it felt fucking like this. Finally Bud said: "Oh my God Angie! Oh yes babe! Oh yes Angie! God!! Oh God baby. You feels so good, so right. Oh yes! I'm getting. . . oh. . . getting . . so . . close. OH GOD! I'M SO CLOSE ANGIE!! I'm GOING TO CUM BABY! " 

The penetration into her pussy with his cock happened so fast with Angie sitting down on him he wasn't prepared for the feeling she was giving him. His cock was pushing itself deeper into her with each thrust. As she rode his cock faster and faster, up and down up and down she was starting to pant like a dog in heat. She screamed at him: "No. No!! Oh God NO BUD! DO PULL OUT!! Cum in me! CUM! CUM! CUM IN ME! I want to feel your cock pumping into my pussy baby! CUM IN ME BABY!!!"

She was pumping up and down as fast as she could go. She looked down now and told him is a very deep sexy voice: " Fill me! Give me all of your love baby!! I'm going to cum too! Give me it all Bud! Fill me with your love! Fill me with your lust! Fill me with your cum! OH FUCK YESS!!"

He heard her words and that was all he needed. Bud arched his back thrusting his very hard cock up as Angie slammed down on him. When she bottomed out, he held her hips keeping her body pinned to his body. Bud unloaded with such force his back came up off the bed and he screamed out with a desire and love for this woman, the woman of his dreams.

Bud's cock and body were pumping and pumping and pumping a massive amount of cum into Angie's body as a strong climax rushed through her making her fall forward on top of him. She braced herself with her hands on his chest and rode him hard now as she felt this orgasm begin to reside and another one beginning. She cried out with such passion such desire that it overwhelmed both of them.

She moaned his name as she began to slow down a little now. He found her clit and began to rub it with his fingers. She arched up as another climax hit her! She straightened up and cried out again when the heat and thrill from the orgasm took over her body completely. She began to fuck Bud faster and faster again! 

She could feel Bud's sperm pumping into her body shot after shot after wonderful shot. It felt warm as it hit the bottom of her vagina and filled her womb and her hole completely. In fact it began to over flow out of her hole and run down over Bud's hips, and stomach, It formed a small puddle under his ass. She felt the warmth of his sperm as it filled her. She shook with the sensations it was giving her. It helped to sooth her stretched and very swollen pussy walls as it became a lubricant along with her own juices around his still very hard shaft.

Angie had no idea how many orgasms she had. They seemed to be back to back to back, all merging together feeling like one very long wonderful stimulant to her brain, body and sole. But, the best one was when Bud shot into her body filling it with his warm cum. She felt like her body was just floating on a bed of fire! God she was hot! Her insides felt like they were on fire as Bud fucked away on her. It was a feeling of such sexual release and satisfaction, it was a feeling of pure sexual pleasure. She fell forward on top of Bud again this time she didn't stop her self with her hands on his chest. She lay on top of him. They lay together like that for a long time until they had caught their breath and their young muscles recovered from the hard workout they had given their bodies. 

She realized that Bud's cock had not shrunk very much at all. She felt it hard and long up inside her bathed in their mixed juices and cum. He was slowly, very slowly move his body around in small circles under her making his cock rotate inside her pussy at the same very low speed and rhythm!

When she felt him moving inside her, Angie sat back up and started to rock back and forth on Bud's cock again. With her head back and her back arched she could feel the cum running out of her pussy now. As it splashed out each time she rocked forwarded it formed a small pool around Bud's belly button too! Rocking very slowly she was drifting in a sexual dream world that started in her clit and slowly spread out over her body with each trust of Bud's cock.

She was forcing his cock in and out of her cum filled hole. When she looked down and saw Bud close his eyes from the pleasure she was giving him, she smiled. Now, it was her turn to please him. She began to hump slowly up and down on him and she heard him moaned! Then to her surprise, Bud sighed loudly and rolled her over very quickly on her back. His cock stayed locked up deep inside her body. 

As she lay under him now, she immediately wrapped her legs and arms around his hips and neck and lifted her hips and ass up off the bed meeting his thrusts! Angie cried out: "OH BUD! Fuck me! Oh God fuck me Bud. I need your cock, I love your cock. Oh god baby! I want your cock in me always! I love it so much baby."

He moaned as he looked down into her beautiful eyes and face. He began to thrust his cock hard and fast into her pussy making her grunt each time he slammed it home. Again and again he hammered into Angie's sweet young beautiful body! Bud could feel his nuts as tight as he could ever remember. He also knew he was going to shoot another huge load down into her body very soon. God she was beautiful. No man could look at her and not want her. If he had her he would want to cum in her again and again. No man could resist her especially when he felt her wonderful talented cunt tightening around his hard man shaft and fucking him back. He said out loud: "NO MAN!"

She looked up at him questioning the word. He didn't answer the question on her face. He continued to fuck her hard and fast! Angie's juices were mixed with Bud's first load of cum and it was being forced hard out of her. It was actually squirting over each of them, every time Bud slammed down into her body. Each of them were beginning to be covered by the cum. 

She had been climaxing over and over again and with each one, she had leaked more and more of her own juices. They were a mess but neither even noticed. She cried out louder and louder: " Oh yes! OH god yes Bud. I'm cumming baby! I'm cumming Bud! Ohhh! Yesssssssss!!! YESSSSSS!!!!!! FUCKKKKKKKK MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!! BUDDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 

She elevated her body trying to take all of his cock into her body as she felt Bud begin to cum and fill her tunnel again. Suddenly she began to arch her back higher and higher as she lifted both of them up off the bed. As her body pumped and pumped and pumped up into Bud, she felt the huge climax covered her completely. It consumed her entirely. She started talking but no sound came from her mouth! She moaned like an animal rather than a human. She was lost, mind, body and sole in this rapture which was flowing over her body! Her body first convulsed, then it shook like she had a very high fever, and finally her body rocked and slammed around Bud's cock with the same intensity and force that Bud felt with his ejaculation into her. 

As they climaxed together they merged their bodies together becoming one as they rocked and fucked locked tightly together. Both strained trying to hold the orgasm for as long as they could hold it! Locked together like one they stayed elevated for a long time. Finally with a deep sigh and then a moan, Angie fell back on to the bed. Bud fell with her! Both of them were completely drained of any energy left in their bodies. As he stayed on top of her they both fell asleep.

Around 2 AM he woke up and realized he had rolled off of her. He moved against her and she moved her body against him, spooning him. She felt his wet sticky cock press against her ass but she didn't move. They both were in the "wet spot". Hell the entire bed was a wet spot! 

Bud wrapped his arm around her and cupped her left breast. They held each other with her back pressed to his front until the light of morning came into the room. 

When the sun touched her face, she opened her eyes and saw Bud just sitting in a chair looking at her. She blushed. He was all cleaned up with his blonde hair still wet from his shower. He had been sitting there watching her sleep. He smiled and said: "Morning Angie. Want some juice or coffee?" 

She said: "Juice. Thanks."

Then she said without thinking: "Yes juice. But first I had to piss and brush my teeth." She blushed again as she jumped out of bed feeling the dry cum all over her.

She took care of business and cleaned herself up with a warm shower. Bud stuck his head into the shower and handed her the juice and told her: "Coffee is on the sink babe." She yelled: "Thank you!" 

As she finished and turned off the water, Bud came back in and began to help dry her. Finally she let him dry all of her. He sat on his knees wiping her pussy and ass and up between her lovely legs. She opened her legs to give him easier access to her private parts. When she was dry, she put on one of Bud's tank top. It was long enough to just cover her pussy and the top of her ass. The cheeks of her ass stuck out under it. Her lovely breasts pushed against thin top and her nipples poked out against material. Bud took her hand and they walked to the kitchen for breakfast that he had started to prepare for her. 

As she ate the breakfast he asked her: "Do we have time before you leave for one more Angie? I really would like to make love to you again before you leave." 

She blushed and then laughed saying: "And what did you have in the back of your dirty little mind for me this morning my lover?" 

He laughed and said: "Nothing to complicated, first you sit on my face and then I set on yours and then you ride me again so I can watch you cum." 

He blushed a little at his words but she blushed as the words filled her with excitement directly between her legs. Angie said: "There will always time for you to make love to me Bud. We are so good together baby." 

She felt very hot! She opened her thighs to let some air into her wet pussy. Wearing only his tank top, he saw her pink pussy shinning out at him. He licked his lips and walked to the bed. He smiled and told her; "I'll just be over here waiting. No rush baby. None at all." 

Bud dropped his boxer shorts and lay back on the bed stroking his hardening cock. She smiled and drank her juice then stood up and pulled the tank top over her head. Her arms lifted elevated her breasts and they stretched to their highest fullest position. Buds moaned watching her take the tank top off. Completely nude now she walked to the edge of the bed and asked: "Now what do you want to do again?" 

He laughed out loud as she watched his hard cock jumping with his excitement. He said: "Come sit on my face Angie. Let me make love to you."

He smiled but he was deadly serious. She got up on the bed and crawled over him like some predator. She looked and felt like an animal filled with lust as she moved closer and closer to his face over his body. As she moved over him making soft noses like an animal he smiled. Bud patted his chest and she smiled. She moved over him and kissed him hard when her face got to his mouth. She then moved up a little further and straddling his shoulders with her knees. She looked down to see half of his face before sitting back on his chest. Her beautiful pussy was shinning in front of his face. She used her fingers to spread her lips and he could see her very wet, very opened pussy in front of his face and he inhaled her very aromatic pussy. 

He smiled up at her and he reached around her thighs. Bud pulled her ass towards him. As she moved forward, his face disappeared beneath her open thighs. She felt his mouth begin to suck and his tongue begin to probe inside her pussy and she moaned, loudly. She ran her hand on his hair as Bud began gently kissing Angie's cunt. He kissed it so softly that it felt like a soft warm feather was touching just inside her opening. His tongue snaked out and slid along her pussy lips, first around and over them. They parted from the touch of his tongue and the touch of his fingers. When they did he slipped his tongue deep inside her. 

She moaned and pushed her hips moving her cunt harder and tighter into his watering mouth. Slowly Bud's tongue began to do the alphabet dance inside Angie's wet aching pussy. Up and down along the edges of both pussy lips, then up the entire slit, and then back inside his tongue danced, Each touch was driving Angie wild with lust! She moaned: "More! Oh Bud lick me more baby! It feel so fucking good!"

He couldn't make out the words since she had his ears covered and she was rocking on his face. She couldn't tell where Bud would lick next. First he was outside licking around and around then he would move and lick somewhere else. His movements were slow at first, but they were building speed and as she held his head stroking it, he was moving faster and faster. 

His tongue was relentless. He never slowed down and Angie was soon on the edge of orgasm. Bud could sense it by the way she was rocking and the loud moans coming from her mouth! He didn't want her to cum to fast so before she went crazy on his face, Bud backed his tongue out of her hole.

He didn't quicken his sucking or his licking now. He just continued to bring her up to the edge of her orgasm and stop. His oral sex stimulation went on and on and on driving her higher and higher and higher with her needs and lust for orgasms! He had brought Angie close to the edge of climaxing many times and now he kept her there.

The lust, passion and desire were so high inside Angie she was gone. She was pulling his hair and yelling for him to finish her. But her satisfaction was just out of reach, one more a small touch and she would go nuts! But Bud held her off giving it to her and letting her go.

Then with a surprise move, Bud rolled her over now on to her back. As he licked and sucked on her cunt, he inserted a fingers into Angie's ass gently before she could protest. He was fucking her hard with his mouth covering her sex. Her pussy was dripping wet and she was almost ready to get off. She held his head as she pumped her pelvis up into his face. She was thinking: "God he is so dam good with his mouth. Frank never ate my pussy like this. Not even close."

Angie's body was burning with lust now, writhing in ecstasy. Bud was overcome with Angie's musty smell and he loved it. His finger came out of her ass and his hands reached up around her thighs and grabbed her hips pulling her pussy deeper and harder onto his mouth and tongue. His tongue started running the length of her cunt, up and down from her ass hole to her clit. He was licking her like a dog licks a hand or drinks water from his bowl. 

Angie was on fire and really enjoying the effect he was giving her! Shock after shock and thrill after thrill ran over her body as waves of stimulation flowed over her. He saw her swollen clit sticking out and he smiled. This is what he was waiting for. The little cock she had which was the center of her sexual universe was now going to be stimulated directly! He knew she was going to cum like a wild woman! 

Bud used his tongue making it a blur flicking her blood-swollen clit like an expert. Her knees were pushed out as wide as she could get them. Using his hands he held them wide open. With her legs spread and her hands on each side of his head, Bud could see her red swollen and soaking wet cunt as he let her push it back into his mouth. When he shoved his tongue as deep as he could inside her, Angie gasped loudly as her first orgasm hit her like a Mack truck! It was the hardest one she could ever remember. She screamed loudly: "Lick me Bud! OH FUCK YES!! LICK ME BABY! LICKKKK!!!! LICKKKK!!!!!! LICKKKK!!!!!!!!! LICK!!!!! OH GOD!!!!! BUD!!!!!!!!"
