 It was March, a cold winter day.  She was sitting in her classroom, grading yet another stack of papers when he came in.  He was one of her favorites—smart, respectful, friendly, tall, dark complexion, deep brown eyes, a sweetly crooked smile and a great body.  Although she knew it wasn't appropriate, she had a little crush on him. Of course, she would never do anything about it—he was only 17, she was 37, and he was her student.  But, she did have dreams about it, and she did find herself finding way to help him often in class, just so she could lean over his desk and drink in his smell.  He always smelled fantastic, even after wrestling practice, and sometimes, after he gave her a hug, she'd still be able to smell him on her clothes.  He was a sweet kid, and she would be sad to see him graduate in June. 

That day when he came in, his normally cheerful greeting didn't come out.  Instead, he sat down at the stool by her desk, saying nothing.  She looked up and saw that he was on the verge of tears. 

"What's wrong?"  she asked, wanting desperately to take him in her arms and hold him

"She dumped me." 

"I'm sorry, Dameon.  That's terrible. Do you want to talk about it?"

"She dumped me for a girl."

Now, for a kid like Dameon, a girl dumping him for another girl is a huge blow to his ego.  Although he appeared confident on the outside, he was really very shy and awkward around girls.  He was much too big of a flirt, and most girls didn't take him seriously.

"Oh, sweetie. I'm sorry.  You do know that it wasn't you, right?"

"Yes, but . . .," he stopped, and just sank further into himself.  

She hesitated a little, but the mother in her came out and she got up from her desk and went around to him and opened her arms for a hug.  He came to her, and she could smell him, as always, and her heart jumped a little as he wrapped his arms around her.  "I loved her . . ." and then he started to cry softly.  "Shh, it's okay."  She held him close, and tried to ignore the feel of his breath on her breasts. She could feel its warmth come through her thin blouse, and she found herself imagining him caressing them and kissing them through the cloth.

He gathered his composure quickly, realizing how it must look to be crying in his teacher's classroom, and said, "Thanks.  I needed that. You always know how to make me feel better."  

"Not a problem, Dameon. You know I'm always here for you."

"I'll see you tomorrow."  He headed for the door, and for some reason, she stopped him.

"Dameon . . ."

He turned to her, his whole face was darkened with his heart break.

"Look, this may not mean anything coming from me, since I'm old enough to be your mother, but, I think any girl who'd dump you is completely crazy. You're such a great guy. You're smart, you're sweet, you're funny, and you are also very easy on the eyes.  It's her loss, and someone else's gain."

"Thanks, Mrs. S."  He smiled a little and started to head back out the door. "Wait . . ." He turned around again and said, "You think I'm good-looking?"

"Yes, very much so. And I know a lot of other girls do to."

He came back towards her desk, and she wasn't sure what he was doing.  She sat down on the stool, her heart pounding a little, thinking she had crossed the line with him. He walked up to her and stood in front of her, and again, she could smell his cologne, and it made her stomach flip slightly.

"Can I ask you a question that you will answer honestly?"

"Of course."

"Would you sleep with me?"

She gasped a little at his question, and tried to stop the flush that rushed to her cheeks. "Well, Dameon, you're seventeen, and I'm your teacher, and that wouldn't be appropriate in any way."  He stepped closer to her.

"That's not what I asked.  Would you sleep with me? If I wasn't seventeen and I wasn't your student?"

She thought for a moment. She wanted to say yes, but what good would it do?  First of all, he couldn't possibly be interested in her. Secondly, she was married.  Thirdly, it could cost her her job.  He stared at her with his dark eyes and she heard herself gasping out, "Yes."  He smiled when he heard it.  He leaned over and kissed her firmly on the mouth.  She tried to resist, but she found herself kissing back, enjoying his firm lips on hers.  He broke the kiss and headed towards the door once more. Before he walked out, he turned and said, "I turn 18 on June 4.  I graduate on June 5."  He walked away down the hallway.  She sat for a moment as images of the two of them writhing in sweaty sheets ran through her head and she realized that her panties were soaked.  She went back to her desk and tried to focus on her papers.

As the months towards graduation went by, Dameon came to her class every day, and she thought she saw him looking at her more intently.  Although nothing had changed in his behavior towards her, she couldn't help but wonder what he was thinking, and she found herself using him as fantasy fodder when she pulled her vibrator out of the drawer.  

Class was over for the day, and for the year.  She sat down at her desk, and opened up her gradebook, double checking that all the grades were in. Graduation was tomorrow, and then she'd have three months of peace and quiet until it started all over again.  As she scanned her book, she stopped on Dameon's name.  His smile flashed across her thoughts, and she remembered what he had said. "I turn 18 on June 4.  I graduate on June 5."  She gathered her things and headed towards her car. As she reached her car, she saw him waiting for her.  Her heart leaped, and she paused for a moment, composing herself.  

"Hey, Dameon.  Why are you here?  Shouldn't you be getting ready for graduation tomorrow?"

"Yes, but, there was something I wanted to ask you," he said, staring at her intently.

"Well, if it's about your grade, you did fine. 95%.  I'm very proud of you."

"Thank you, but it's not about that.  I wanted to ask if you meant what you said back in March?"

Her thoughts rushed back to that day and she immediately flushed.  As much as she should deny it, she didn't want to.  At that moment she realized that he was 18, so their being together would no longer be illegal.  She felt herself get very warm and wet at the thought of him touching her, feeling her, invading her.  

"Well, I . . ." she stammered, not sure how to answer his question.

He continued to stare at her, and his eyes made her knees want to go weak.  He came closer to her and ran his hand down the side of her face.  His arm brushed her breast, and her nipples immediately rose to attention.  She caught her breath, and wanted nothing more than to touch his bare skin and feel him inside her.  He must have sensed her excitement, because he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her, this time sliding his tongue between her lips.  She did not resist, and wrapped her arms around him, sliding one hand down to his firm ass. They kissed deeply for some time, and then realized that she was not the only one aroused.  She felt his hard cock pressing against her thigh, making her even more excited.  She suddenly remembered where they were and pushed him away, saying, "Dameon, we can't."  He smiled and agreed.  "You're right.  Not until tomorrow.  After graduation I'm going to my parent's beach house. They think I'm having a graduation party with my friends, but I'm going to be all alone.  At least, until you get there."  He slipped a piece of paper into her hand. "Please join me.  Be my graduation present." He kissed her one more time on the cheek and walked away. When he was out of sight, she opened the note he had given her and saw an address and directions. She got into her car and masturbated quickly, all the while imagining it was him touching her.  

She couldn't sleep all night, wondering what she was going to do.  She knew she shouldn't, but then after 12:00 on June 5, he was no longer her student, so technically, she wasn't breaking any rules.  She would be cheating on her husband, but that wasn't illegal.  And he was eighteen.  As these thoughts ran through her mind, she fell asleep imagining his hands running all over her body, kissing her, touching her, and she fell asleep as she imagined what it would feel like to have him cum inside her.

Graduation was short and sweet, and when she headed out of the building at 1:00, she realized that she was going to meet him.  She was going to meet him at his beach house and fuck him.  She drove home quickly, thankful her husband was working all weekend.  She showered, shaved her legs and pussy, and then dressed in the sexiest things she could find.  She left a note for her husband that she was spending the weekend with a girlfriend so he wouldn't be looking for her.  As she drove to his beach house, her stomach flip-flopped.  She had been imagining this day for months, and trying to pretend that she didn't want it, but now, she was scared.  What if was turned off by her body? She was 37 after all, and she had quite a few sags and wrinkles.  She had never been thin, and although she wasn't super heavy, she felt her curves were a little too much. She still had quite nice breasts, 40DD, but she had never been a fantastic beauty, and while time was treating her really well, Dameon was the type of guy she had only dreamed about being with. She tried not think about it as she drove on, stopping only once to masturbate quickly in her car.

When she arrived at the house, there was only one car in the driveway—his black Jeep.  She pulled up in front, and she almost drove away again.  She knew that as soon as she saw him, she'd never be able to leave—this was her chance to not make a huge mistake.  Just as she was about to put her car back in drive, he opened the door.  He stood in the doorway in his shirt and tie from graduation, his smile shining towards her.  She turned off the car, and headed towards him.

When she got to the door, he kissed her passionately and said, "I wasn't sure you'd come."  She couldn't even speak—she couldn't believe she was here.  She walked in and found the whole room lit with candles and a roaring fire.  It was a small house, and the living room doubled as a bedroom.  The bed was made with beautiful pillows and covers, and candles all around it.  She had no idea he was such a romantic.  As he closed the door, he pulled her to him and kissed her again, this time running his fingers down her body, caressing her breasts and then hugging her close to him.  She melted into him, enjoying his smell and his heat.  They kissed as he led her to the bed, and then gently pushed her down onto the bed.  He stood before her and removed his shirt and tie, and the body that she had only an inkling of was revealed. He was muscled, with defined abs, but not so big that he looked out of proportion.  She touched his abs with her hands, feeling the individual muscles, and running her fingers along his treasure trail, afraid to go further.  He closed his eyes and seemed to enjoy her touch.  He laid down next to her and she kissed his chest and abs and face, wanting to caress every part of him.  After a time, he stopped her and rolled on top of her, pinning her to the bed.  He began to unbutton her shirt, revealing her large breasts, and he caressed them through her bra, making her nipples harden and breath come fast.  She could feel his cock pressing into her pussy, and she wanted nothing more than to feel him inside her.  He slide off her to his feet and began to slide her skirt up and then she stopped him. 

"Dameon, wait.  I'm not quite sure why you're doing this, but you may not like what you see."

He kissed her inner thighs, pushing her skirt higher.  "What do you mean?"

"Well, I am 37, and I'm not in the greatest shape, and well, look at you."  She sat up and pulled her shirt closed. "This is a bad idea. I need to leave." She got up and almost ran for the door. He followed her and grabbed her arm, pulling her to him once more.

"Mrs. S, I don't care how old you are. You are beautiful.  Ever since you were so nice to me when Leila dumped me, I've had a huge crush on you.  I know you think I'm just a horny teenager who wants to get laid, but I care about you.  I want you.  And if you don't believe me, maybe this will prove it." He grabbed her hand and slide it down to his cock, which she could feel straining to release itself from his pants.  "Please, let me . . ." She kissed him fiercely and they stumbled to the bed.  They fell onto it, and she fumbled at his pants to get them open.  When she finally did, his cock popped out, all 8 inches of it, and she quickly devoured it.  She could feel her pussy oozing and couldn't wait for him to fuck her.  As she continued to suck his cock, he slid his hand under her skirt and touched her pussy, sliding a finger under her wet panties and onto her clit. She almost came from the shock of his warm fingers on her. She moaned, and he slid a finger inside her, then two.  He finger fucked her as she deep-throated his cock, his finger movements helping her in her cock sucking.  She pulled away and stood, removing the rest of her clothing, and he did the same.  She laid down on the bed and said, "Fuck me, please!"  He smiled at her and climbed on top of her, thrusting his cock into her hard. She screamed from the contact, almost cumming immediately.  He began to move rhythmically, pushing hard up against her, burying himself as deeply as he could. She wrapped her arms and legs around him, keeping him as close as she could, wanting him as deep inside her as he could get.  As they moved together, she could feel herself getting closer and closer, and she sensed he was the same. They continued to move against each other, faster and deeper until she came in a gushing flow, a scream of ecstasy escaping from her mouth.  He came almost immediately, and she could feel his cock pumping into her.  He collapsed on top of her, panting, sweat glistening on his smooth chest.  He rolled next to her and kissed her, basking in the moment.  "Happy Graduation," she said as he began to caress her breasts one more time.