 I work as an English teacher at a small high school in Vermont. Basically, I hate the job. But I have been trained as a teacher, and other jobs are hard to find. The reason why I hate the job is that about one-third of the students are "okay" to teach, one-third are a pleasure to teach, and the final third make your life a living hell on a daily basis. 

I have been doing this for five years, but there is one event that I look back on with a great deal of pleasure. And I don't have to look back very far—since it is still going on. And that event was named Christine—in the week before her graduation. 

Christine was one of those students in the top third of course, but more than that she also demonstrated the unfairness of life in that she had everything going for her. To begin with, she was very beautiful: about five-eight, 110 pounds, naturally blonde hair down to the middle of her back and unblemished skin that was like silk. From what I could see, it appeared that she had small breasts, but I admired the fact that she did not do anything to enhance them. 

And in addition to all that, she was extremely intelligent, my top student in fact, and even at the age of 18 was very well-traveled. Her doting grandfather was a widower and well-heeled, so twice a year he would take her on some European trip. So far, she had been to London, Dublin, Vienna, and Rome. Gramps probably just liked being in the company of a beautiful girl—let the observers conclude what they wished.

For the past year, Christine had been keeping company with a steady boyfriend, Ryan. I didn't know if they had enjoyed sex together, but it would not have surprised me. At least she was intelligent enough to know how to not get pregnant.

If Christine was my favorite student, it soon became apparent that I was her favorite teacher. I know this was true because she told me so. 

Although I was 38 years old, I still was not married and lived alone in an apartment. I usually stayed in my otherwise empty classroom grading papers a couple of hours every day after school closed at 2. I didn't really have anything to go home to. One day, around 2:30 Christine came in.

"Can I bother you?" she asked with a smile.

"Of course. You're never a bother." 

"I'm glad I'm graduating this year, and I'm glad I'm going to Boston U," she said, "But I'm really sorry that I won't be seeing you anymore. You were my favorite teacher. You really helped me a lot."

"I'm glad you feel that way. And since we only have four days left, I guess I can confess to you that you were my favorite student." 

"I thought so." She paused. "This may seem silly, but would you like to have a picture of me to remember me by?"

"Of course. That would be very nice."

"I got a digital camera and a photo printer for my 18th birthday last week, so I can take my own pictures and print them out without having to take any film to a photo shop. It even has a self-timer on it, so I can take pictures of myself."

"Wonderful." I didn't realize then, but she was explaining ahead of time how the pictures that I was going to see were done—and developed.

The next day when I came in, there was a 6 x 8 plain manila envelope lying on the center of my desk. I opened it. Inside were three 5 x 7 color photos. They were taken in a forest somewhere. In the first one, a blonde girl, presumably Christine, was standing on the trunk of a fallen tree with her back to the camera and her legs slightly apart. She was holding the back of her hair up...and she was stark naked.

In the second picture, she was turned around but crouched a little as if she had been discovered naked by surprise. One hand and forearm covered her breasts, and the other hand was cupped over her private area.

In the third picture, she was facing the camera again but this time with her hands on the top of her head and her fingers interlaced. Her pink nipples were about the size of quarters, and her sparse and silky-looking maidenhair proved that she was a real blonde. 

WELL! I was going to have a talk with her about this. 

We only had three more days of classes, so after her class that day, I motioned for her to come forward.

"Christine, could you stop in my office after school?" I asked.

"All right."

She undoubtedly knew why I was asking, but her face betrayed no emotion. Was she embarrassed? Was she sorry she had done it? I couldn't tell.

Naturally, I expected her to show up sometime between 2 and 3, but she did not do so until 4, just a half hour before I was due to leave and a time when the school probably was completely empty other than the two of us. 

She was wearing designer-fitted jeans and a green short sleeve jersey that ended three inches above her belt, thus displaying her pretty navel. She sat in the chair opposite my desk.

"I guess you know why I asked you here," I said as I took the pictures out of the envelope and spread them out across my desk. I'm glad I'm the one who opened this and not someone else. I would have been in real trouble."

"I'm sorry, I never thought of that. You aren't offended are you?"

"No, I'm not offended. In fact, I'm very flattered that you would do this. You look very beautiful." I looked up. "But why?"

"I wanted to give you a present for being so nice to me, but I didn't have any money. So I thought you would like this."

I looked down at the pictures again. "Yes, I definitely like it, and I'll treasure them. The only thing better would be seeing them in the flesh."

She paused. "Would you like to?"

"Would I like to what?"

"See them in the flesh?"

"What do you mean? I was just kidding."

"I'm not kidding. Would you like to see them in the flesh?"

"How?"

"There's probably no one here but you and I, and thanks to the new security, there's a bolt on the door. I could turn it and then undress for you."

I thought about this long and hard. It was a violation of teacher ethics naturally, and I undoubtedly would lose my job if it was found out. But she was the most beautiful student I ever had, she would be gone in a few days, she was of legal age, and she was making the offer.

"Lock the bolt," I said.

She got up, walked to the back of the room and turned the bolt. Then, with a smile, she walked back. She stood in front of the desk, crossed her arms and pulled the green jersey over her head. Then she unzipped her tight jeans, pushed her tennis shoes off, pushed the jeans down and stepped out of them. Now, she was clad only in a matching white bra and panties, both of which looked brand new. She reached behind her, unhooked the bra and let it drop. As I had observed in the picture, her breasts were small but beautiful.

Finally, she hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her panties.

"Wait a minute," I said, "Come over here and stand in front of me."

She came around the desk and stood before me. "This is something I've fantasized about doing for my entire teaching career: Pulling down the panties of a pretty student like you."

"Okay."

I put my fingers under the waistband of her panties and slowly pulled them down until they dropped around her ankles. She had the most amazing pubic hair I had ever seen. Instead of being crinkly and coarse like most, it was soft, blonde, and relatively straight—like corn silk. Beneath the sparse hair, I could see her downy nether lips. 

"I've never seen pubic hair like this," I said.

"I know. I guess I was born with it—or the potential for it."

"Can I taste it?" I asked.

"Of course."

I put my hands on her hips and pulled her to me. Then I licked those downy nether lips. I was in teacher heaven. I pushed the tip of my tongue inside a little. 

She began to breathe more deeply. "Can I sit down?" she asked. "My legs are getting rubbery."

"Sit on my lap," I offered.

She turned and sat across my lap. I put my arms around her, and she cuddled closer.

"Now this is the way I would really like to teach an English class," I said.

"Me too. I wish you would."

"With all the other students watching."

"Of course." She paused. "I have a confession to make." 

"What's that?"

"The only person I've ever had sex with is Ryan, but he's going to northern Maine to be a camp counselor this summer and then going to Northwestern in September, so I won't be seeing him on a regular basis. I wondered what it would be like to have sex with someone else, particularly an older man. And since I wanted to give you a present anyway, I thought this would be a way to do two things at once."

"You want to have sex with me?"

"Yes. Here, today. I'm on the pill, so you don't have to worry about that. And since I'm home for the entire summer, if you like it, you could take me out of town to a motel if you wanted sometime."

"I think this is the most wonderful present I've ever been given in my life."

"Then let's do it."

"All right." Her thighs were already spread a little, so I licked my middle finger and gently slipped it inside her. "You're all wet," I said.

"I think they call it being sexually exited. This is something I've wanted to do for a long time, all year in fact."

"Incredible." I slipped another finger inside her.

She leaned forward and whispered in ear. "How would you like a delicious blowjob?"

I looked at her. "I would love that."

"Okay then. Let's start there." She got up, then knelt down before me. "Take it out," she said.

I unzipped my pants and pulled it out. I was looking at the biggest hard-on that I had seen in years.

"You're bigger than Ryan," she said.

"No wonder, with you as inspiration."

She circled her right hand around it, leaned forward and took it in her mouth. It's hard for me to describe how incredible it was but think of the best sexual experience of your life and then double it. That's what it was like. She spent a long time licking and sucking my cock and sliding her tongue around it. Finally, she took it out.

"Do you want to come in my mouth or do you want to come in my body?" she asked.

"Well, since I don't know if I'll ever get this chance again, I think I would rather come in your body."

"Okay, but don't worry: You'll get lots of chances this summer if you want them. You can come in my mouth next time if you like."

"I would love that."

She looked around. "How do you want to do it?"

"Sit on the desk." I pushed everything off of my desk onto the floor. She laughed. Then she sat on the edge of the desk and leaned back. And there it was before me: the most beautiful little treasure I had ever seen.

"This makes me wish I had been the first," I said.

"I wish you had been too."

I smiled at her. "For legal reasons, you have to ask me to do it."

She smiled. "For legal reasons?"

"Yes."

"Would you make love to me?" she asked.

"I would enjoy a cruder way of putting it."

"...Would you like to fuck me, Mr. Andrews?".

"I would love to fuck you." 

"Okay, but you have to take off all your clothes too," she said with a smile.

Luckily, I spent an hour a day in the early evening working out at the local YMCA, so I was in fairly good condition. I knew it would be my job if we were caught in any dress, so being naked didn't make any difference. "All right," I agreed, and I rapidly undressed.

She sat up to watch. "You look very nice," she said after I had finished.

"Thank you, but I have to tell you that I think this is the biggest erection I have ever had—thanks to you. Lean back. She did so, and I stepped forward between her spread legs. " I took my engorged cock and began to push it into her. She may have been "sexually excited", but she was still tight. She gave a little gasp.

I knew from the way that she had done the blowjob that she liked it slow, so that's what I intended to do. Slowly but forcefully, I pushed it deep into her, up to the hilt so that our pubic hairs mingled.

"God," she rasped.

Then I began to slide it in and out, slowly and deliciously.

"Oh God," she muttered again.

I could feel her nether lips suddenly get wetter and softer and realized that she had an orgasm. Boy, that was pretty quick. I continued to pump her slowly but steadily for another 20 minutes until I could stand it no longer and came deep inside her.

"I could feel you," she said, "And I came three times—more than I've ever done before."

"Good for you. So would you like to make a regular thing of this during the summer?"

"Yes," she said as she sat up. She looked down at my slick and dripping member. "Can I lick you off?" she asked.

"Be my guest."

She got down on her knees and licked it until it was clean. Looking down at her, I realized this was going to be the best summer of my life.

And it did prove to be that. She told her parents that she had a new boyfriend but didn't want to say who it was because she didn't want Ryan to know. I picked her up every Friday outside of the local library and drove her to a town 60 miles away where we were not known. I picked up a couple of bottles of champagne and got us a nice luxury motel room. We spent the rest of the night drinking champagne and fucking, and since she was now 18, she had told her parents that she would be staying out all night and now to worry about her. I'm sure they did not like the idea, but there was nothing they could do about it. 

She went away to Boston U in September but returned for Thanksgiving, Christmas and Spring Break. We managed to do a lot of fucking during those intermissions, and at Spring Break, she made up a one-girl team of "Girls Gone Wild."

-end-