 Day 7: A Last Minute Encounter at the airport

I had a strange mix of feelings and thoughts running through me as the cab took us to the airport. I felt both anxious to get back home, and dread that I was leaving. I enjoyed my time in Cancun a lot, but I wasn't sure I could take the pace for much longer. I looked forward to the opportunity to sleep and rest.

After getting our boarding passes and checking in our luggage Lyndse, Beth, and I waited at our gate for our flight that would take us home. As I sat there I started to think about what the rest of my summer would be like. I started to feel a deep sense of dread when I realized what my life was going to be like for the next couple of months, staying at home with my parents until I left for college. I love my parents, but their conservative views, and lifestyle was just plain stifling. I was a fairly well behaved kid, at least until this trip, but I was always getting in trouble for something. My parents would just die if they got even a tiny hint of what I had done on during my stay in Cancun. Furthermore, I would be stuck in the same boring small-town I grew up in and seeing the same people that I always saw. I craved the excitement of seeing new things and meeting new people.

Then I began wonder why I didn't feel bad or guilty. I felt like should have but, for whatever reason, I didn't. To say I had changed during this trip is a huge understatement. I saw the world with new eyes. I felt like I was just starting my life and I wanted all of what it had to offer. I realized that for me, sex was going to be a large part of it. I didn't want to be held back by the sexual norms of our society. I had already gone beyond that, but I wanted more. I wanted to explore and discover every sexual desire I could possibly have. I knew I couldn't do that living under my parent's roof, but that would be for only a couple of months, until August when I would be going away to college. The idea college excited me, to say the least. I looked forward to the freedom and opportunities college life would hopefully provide. However, it would have to wait until August.

I sat there, in the airport, contemplating my fate. As my mind wandered I found myself checking everyone out, man and woman, wondering about each one, imagining what it would be like to have sex with them. It didn't matter if they were young or old, ugly or beautiful. I let my imagination wrap itself around each person I saw.

As I felt my arousal building, an idea began to form in my head. At first I rejected out of hand, it would never work, but then I thought, why not? I looked over at Lyndse, no that was too complicated.

"I'm gonna find a snack or something," I said to Lyndse and Beth as short time later, then got up and left.

I was wearing a tank top under a button up shirt and a pair of Khaki shorts. I took off the shirt and left my bag with Lyndse and Beth. I wasn't wearing a bra, and without the cover of the shirt you could see the darkness of my nipples through the white material. In my increasingly aroused state, I could see my nipples poking out prominently.

I walked across the terminal, out of site of Lyndse, Beth, and my other high school classmates. I didn't need them to find out what I was up to. Soon after I began my search, I found him. Leaning against the wall, looking at the window, and bored to death.

He wasn't the most attractive man, a little overweight, but I pegged him as someone who might go for this. He didn't have a wedding ring on and he looked like he didn't get very many dates. Most importantly he was alone. He didn't seem like a tourist, but more like someone here on business or something. He was older, maybe his forties. I knew I had a good chance when I noticed him checking me out.

I walked near him trying to gather the courage to ask him his name. Then I realized I didn't need, or even want, to know his name. That wasn't what I wanted of him.

"What are you doing here all alone?" I asked hoping I didn't sound too pathetic or stupid.

"Just waiting for my plane to get here," he said a little warily.

"Me too," I said in the best bimbo voice I could muster. "I'm bored, and just trying to kill some time."

He seemed to let down his guard slightly, and we began to make small talk. Where we were flying to, what we were doing in Cancun, and such. He gave me the look over more than once, so I figured things were going well. I kept chatting him up, laughing at his jokes, and putting my hands on him whenever I could.

"What?" I said giggling up at him.

"I'm just wondering why a pretty young thing is talking to an ugly old guy like me."

"Come on, you're not old and ugly," I said giggling. I was nervous, and it was making me giddy. I did want to get him irritated, so I knew I had to say something. It was now or never, I only had an hour and a half until I had board my flight. "I'm feeling bored and lonely," I whined trying to give him my best puppy dog eyes and grabbing his arm and shoulder.

"Are you a hooker or something?" he asked.

"No!" I said rolling my eyes. "You wouldn't have to pay a dime."

It took him a moment to realize the implications of what I had said. I actually saw his eyes get wide when he finally understood what I was getting at. He looked like he didn't believe me, but wanted to see what was going to happen.

"Come with me," I told him, taking his hand in mine. "I know a place."

I wasn't sure if he would come with me or not at first, but he did. I guided him away from crowd through a door outside that led to a back stairwell. The stairwell was dirty, smelled, and it had to be about 95 degrees out and very humid, but it was deserted. I quickly took off my tank top, and pulled down my shorts and panties, carefully hanging them on rail.

"You like what you see?" I asked twirling around for him.

I got a thrill being naked at in the open, and this stranger looking at me. He looked rather stunned.

"Well, come on. We don't have much time," I said. "You don't need to worry about me, or anything. I just want you to fuck me against the wall."

He looked petrified. I walked up to him, unbuttoned his shirt, and then his pants, sliding them down to his ankles. He may have not known what to do, but thankfully his hard member did, which was standing at full attention.

"Don't you want me?" I purred.

I immediately felt his big hands on me. He pressed my body against the hard concrete wall. He put his lips to mine, and jammed his tongue into my mouth. He was beginning to take charge. The scene reminded me of my experience with Javier, but this guy was clumsier.

"Oh...I want it," I purred. "Forget everything, but your sexual desires. I want you inside me, give it to me. Take me, fuck me like an animal."

I took his member into my hand, and guided him toward my entrance. I felt chills as he rammed himself into me. I wrapped my legs around his waist, and his hands were on my ass holding me up as he buried his cock deep into me. He bent down taking one of my nipples into his mouth. I could feel the heat rising, and both of us were soon covered in sweat.

I grunted as he slid his cock in and out of me like a piston. His lips returned to my mouth, his tongue aggressively penetrating my mouth. I could the slickness of his sweat covered chest rub up against mine as he continued to fuck me hard against the wall.

After a blissful ten minutes or so, my orgasm hit me as my nameless lover continued to pound me against the wall. I clutched onto his opened shirt, moaning, and grunting loudly as the pleasure pulsed through me. I clung to his warm body as he continued to impale me all the while I was cumming and cumming. I knew he was close, and wasn't surprised with when breathing began to quicken.

"Cum for me," I moaned. "Fill me with your cum."

I was still at the height of ecstasy. I don't know if I was having multiple orgasms or one long continuous one. I didn't care. His thrusts became short and quick as he came deep inside me. He grunted and groaned and shook as he pumped his fluid into my sex.

We stood still for a few minutes, clinging to each other, drenched in sweat. I could taste the salt of his perspiration on my tongue. It was dreadful putting my clothes back on when I was sweating so profusely. After we were dressed, we slipped back inside airport.

"Oh shit," I said. "My flight leaves in ten minutes." I couldn't believe we had done it for so long.

"Mine leaves right now," he said laughing. "Thank you, whoever you are.

I'll remember this forever. You made my day, actually my life."

"That was fabulous wasn't it?" I said smiling. "Your sweet," I continued, and then kissed him quickly. "Don't miss your flight."

With that I saw him run toward his gate. There went another guy who most women wouldn't give the time of day, but in the right circumstance had been an excellent lover.

I thought about going to the bathroom to clean up, but I didn't. I smiled to myself on the flight home every time I felt his little guys drip out of me. I felt like I was on top the world. I ended that trip with a bang, I thought to myself, smiling at my own perceived cleverness.