 Day 6: The Last Night

By the time I finally made it back to my hotel room, after saying goodbye to Kathy and Al, Lyndse and Beth were ready to go out to dinner. I quickly showered, and threw on a tiny black skirt with no panties or bra. After eating, we went to a club called El Abebrije, the mystery. It was our last night in Cancun, and we wanted it to be the best.

The club was cool, filled with black light, glow in the dark paintings, and furniture that was made for dancing on. We got our drinks and staked out a spot along one of the walls, but on top of a platform. We had a bird's eye view of everything, and guys immediately surrounded us.

I started dancing with a cute, short guy who introduced himself as Patrick. He was sweet, but he wasn't aggressive enough for me. He just kind of stood there, dancing next to me, not really making eye contact. I kept leaving to go to the bathroom, and getting drinks hoping that he'd get bored and go away. He never did. Then, finally, a tall and devastatingly good-looking black guy started dancing near us.

He introduced himself, and I found out he went to the same college that I would be attending in the fall. When I started dancing again, it was with my new friend Ben. Patrick got the hint and slinked away. We stayed together most of the night dancing, making out, and feeling each other up. I had never really thought about being with a black guy before. All I knew was that I was really attracted to him, and hoped I would end up in bed with him at some point.

The best thing about the club was that the waiters were totally outrageous, especially if you're female. The waiter working our side of the room must have really liked us, since he kept bringing us drinks we never even asked for. I think he also enjoyed the view up our skirts as we stood on the platform he got each time he brought us a drink.

Toward the end of the night, after I had a large number of drinks, he came over with double shot glass of tequila and a lime covered in salt. He had me lie down, flat on my back on the platform.

"Oh my," he gasped when he lifted my skirt and exposed my bare snatch to everyone.

That didn't stop him however. He wedged the shot glass against my pussy lips as it stood on the platform. It kind of tickled, and I was laughing hysterically, feeling giddy from being so exposed. It tickled even more when the waiter ran the salt covered lime up my stomach, on my cleavage and neck. He pulled my skirt up all way up so it rested on my stomach, and then he put the lime in my mouth. He told Ben to take half the shot, lick the salt off my stomach, and then take the lime out of my mouth without using his hands. I was a little embarrassed and slightly hurt when he refused. A number of people had gathered to watch, and were gave him a hard time.

"I'll do it," I heard Lyndse say.

That drew a loud cheer from the guys surrounding us. She bent down between my legs, grabbed the shot glass between her lips, and tilted her head back. I felt her lips softly graze my sex. The waiter pulled the glass from her mouth, and then Lyndse licked the salt off my stomach, between my breasts, along my neck, and sucked the lime while it was still in my mouth. Lyndse kissed me, but I couldn't enjoy it because the waiter was trying to fondle my exposed pussy. I pushed his hand away, and stood up, pushing my skirt back down where it was supposed to be. I felt myself blush when the people around started clapping and cheering. Then it hit me that Lyndse had been kissing me, and it totally tripped me out. I wasn't sure what to think.

Ben had left with his friends, and surprisingly Beth had left with some guy. It was after 3 am, so Lyndse and I decided to go back to our hotel. As we left the club we ran into the Pete, the guy who took my virginity a few nights before, and a friend of his named Sean. It was perfect because Lyndse had wanted to hook up with Sean.

We all decided that we didn't want to go back to hotel anymore, and took up Lyndse's suggestion that we go swimming at the beach. Pete said he knew a place where the Federales wouldn't catch us. We were all drunkenly chatting away when we hit the sand.

"Nancy's got no panties on!" Lyndse yelled out of the blue laughing hysterically. "She has to go naked."

"We should all go naked," I replied back.

"It's all good," Lyndse yelled. "We'll all go naked."

This idea was met with enthusiastic approval from the guys. When we arrived at the spot we stripped off our clothes, and splashed into the warm Caribbean water under the light of the moon. It felt really good to be naked in the water at night. After swimming around awhile, and splashing each other with water, I ended up in Pete's arms, and Lyndse in Sean's.

After a while we decided to walk back to Pete's condo along the beach nude. Pete had a beautiful body. He had well formed chest and abs, and one of the nicest asses I'd ever seen. I loved watching him frolic in the water, and walk on the beach nude. Lyndse and Sean weren't hard on the eyes either. I had blast walking around so freely while naked. We made it all the way back inside Pete's condo with our clothes still in our hands.

"I need to take a shower," I said as we entered Pete's condo. "The salt is making me itch."

"I need to take one too," Lyndse whined.

"Let's all take a shower together," Sean suggested. "The shower's huge."

I was a little shocked at the request, but I agreed, as did Lyndse and Pete. The shower was indeed huge, just as Sean had said. It even had two showerheads. We all got in, and Pete immediately began to kiss me as I ran my hands all over his big muscular body. I saw Lyndse, and Sean all over each other. The scene was very erotic.

Pete fondled my breasts, and between my legs. I pushed him back onto the little bench in the corner, and got on my knees in front of him. He wove his fingers through my wet hair as I took him into my mouth. I was much more confident in giving a blowjob now. I enjoyed the feeling of him in my mouth, the taste, and the masculine smell. I was getting really wet, and it wasn't from the water that poured over me from the shower.

I had no problem swallowing him whole, and sucking away while I fondled his balls. He moaned, and began to face fuck me while he pushed my head back and forth. Suddenly, he pulled me to my feet, slid down to the floor of the shower, and put his mouth between my legs. He wasn't nearly as good as Kathy had been, it was a little fast and rough, but it still felt good. He made his way underneath me, and I yelped when his tongue found my asshole. The sensation was different, and I kind of liked it. It never occurred to me before that it would feel good to be licked back there. I watched Sean ramming Lyndse up against the wall. They looked hot doing it, and I vaguely wondered if this was anything like being in a porno.

Then Pete stood me up, turned me around, and bent me over. I put my hands on the bench to support myself. He easily entered me, and fucked me from behind for a few minutes while the water cascaded over us. Then I felt Pete run a bar of soap up and down the crack of my ass a few times. I wondered what he was up to until he pulled himself out of my pussy, and placed the thick head of his cock at the entrance of my ass.

"Relax," he told me before I could say anything.

I was still buzzing pretty hard from the drinks, so it wasn't that difficult to relax. I closed my eyes enjoying the feelings as he slowly pushed himself inside my backside. My mind was totally focused on the intense sensations. After what seemed forever he had managed to push all of himself deep into my ass. I had expected it hurt, but it didn't. However, I felt overwhelmingly full and very vulnerable. It felt so intense I couldn't breath without consciously thinking about it. He quickened his pace, which made it even more pleasurable. Unfortunately, he only last a few minutes before he pulled out of me, and came all over my ass.

I watched Sean cum in Lyndse as I rinsed off. It was 5 am by the time we dried off after our time in the shower. Lyndse didn't want to sleep there, so we said goodbye and walked back to our hotel room. It was almost six when we finally made it back. With Beth gone, we each had our own bed. We shed our clothes, and fell into our respective beds as soon as we got there. However, I was still keyed up, and couldn't fall asleep.

"Are you asleep?" I asked Lyndse. I wanted to masturbate, and wanted to make sure she was asleep.

"No.". I was surprised she was still awake.

"I can't get to sleep," I said. I started thinking about how she had kissed me in the club earlier that night. "Did you...um...did you orgasm earlier?" I asked. My heart was pounding so fast I thought I could hear it.

"No," she answered. "Why do you ask?"

"I didn't either." 

"You could take care it of yourself," she suggested.

I didn't expect that answer, and felt disappointed that she didn't suggest I jump her bones or something. However, that didn't stop me from reaching down and touching myself. Having Lyndse in the same room turned me on, even though I couldn't touch her.

As I was beginning to make myself feel good, I sensed some movement on Lyndse's bed. I stopped what I was doing, and listened. I could hear something. I looked over to her, and that sheets were definitely moving.

"Why did you stop?" I heard Lyndse ask.

"Because I thought I heard you doing it too," I answered.

"Maybe, we could do it on the same bed, together?" I heard myself say.

"Okay," she answered so softly I almost didn't hear her.

She pulled the sheets back as I walked over to her bed. We lay on the bed next to each other, watching, as we each pleasured ourselves. It felt so strange. This wasn't some random sexual encounter with someone I would never see again. It was with Lyndse, a girl I had known since kindergarten. God she looked so beautiful like that, with her mouth hanging wantonly open, and her eyes half closed watching me be intimate with myself. It was an incredible turn on, as we quietly made love to ourselves. I watched her cum first. I saw her body twitch, and then tighten, and then convulse as she tried to hold herself still in her pleasure.

Then I closed my eyes and concentrated on my own pleasure. I eased my two wet digits back and forth in and out of my wet, engorged sex. I moaned as I rubbed my clit at the same time, knowing Lyndse was next to me, watching me. It drove me wild, and I had my own orgasm soon after, milking my pleasure for as long as I could.

Lyndse and I hugged each other afterward, and fell asleep in each other's arms. Luckily, we woke up before Beth made it back to the room. I think we were both relieved that we didn't have to explain to Beth why she found Lyndse and I naked in each other's arms. Thinking about what this all meant for Lyndse and I made my head hurt, so I stopped thinking about it.