 He had gotten up early that morning. Well, no earlier than a usual school day. He had already picked out a dress shirt, slacks and a tie the night before. He checks himself in the bathroom mirror, rubbing the stubble about to emerge on his face. He brushes his teeth, then splashes water on his face. He looks at himself one more time before stepping out to get dressed. Shirt, slacks, leather shoes. Too hot to put the tie on now, so he rolls it up and places it in his pocket. He steps out and the heat envelops him. 

"Ughh..."

He waits for the bus to take him to school for their graduation ceremony today. After a semester in this grueling weather, he's finally done. He arrives early, so he waits in the lobby for other people to arrive. 

He checks his phone. "On my way." It was from her. 

They had been texting for some time. Random stuff at first: food, observations, men peeing in the street. Then they grew bolder. Fetishes, fantasies. But they feigned normalcy with the crowd around them. 

She finally arrives. Stepping into the lobby, she's instantly drawn to him. There's something about a man in a dress shirt and leather shoes that always stirs her. 

After clearing her throat and trying to slyly look him up and down, she says, "Nice shirt."

"Thanks," he answers with a grin.

They were the first to arrive. They sit and wait another 5 minutes before she suggests exploring the premises. He readily agrees. They walk side by side down a hallway with empty conference rooms, occasionally brushing up against each other's arms. 

"You know, seeing all these empty conference rooms reminds me of something I've wanted to try for a long time now...." she tries the handle of one of the rooms. Locked.

Confused, he guesses, "Err... breaking and entering?" 

"No, no... remember that fetish conversation we had a while back?"

"Yeah... Oh!" suddenly remembering her fascination with exhibitionism. "Wait, here?" He looks around, "Now?" 

She looks into his eyes as she tries the handle of the door across the hall. 

He swallows. "With me?" he asks with eyes widened and mouth open. 

She grins devilishly. The door opens and she gestures for him to follow her inside. Light pours in from the full wall-length windows. She stands with her arms crossed, looking out to the parking lot. He quietly closes the door behind him, buries his hands in his pants pockets and stands, watching her, unsure what to do next. She turns and smiles at him over her shoulder. She pulls the curtains shut, leaving only a sliver of light and strides over to him, still standing near the door. Their eyes stay intently still on each other, anticipating what will happen next. She walks up to him, almost close enough to hear his heart beating. Her gaze drops from his eyes to his lips. She rises on the balls of her feet and kisses his bottom lip. 

Pause. 

He continues to stare into her eyes. Frozen. 

His top lip. 

She rests her hand on the sides of his waist and at her warm touch, he closes his eyes, tilts his head down and returns her kiss. Their tongues slither in and out of each other's mouths. She sucks and nibbles on his bottom lip. He devours her neck, causing her to moan into his shoulder. He lifts her up and instinctively, she wraps her legs around his waist. He sets her down on the big wooden conference table and kisses down her chest. His hands run up the sides of her body and cups her breasts. Through her thin shirt, he rubs his thumb over her nipples. She hungrily pulls at the lapels of his shirt. 

Through labored breaths, she whispers, "I love this shirt on you," and continues to paw at his chest. She lets her feet dangle off the edge of the table with him between her legs. Her hands rub at his crotch and she could feel his dick at full attention.

"We don't have much time," she says as her hands start unbuttoning and unzipping his pants. 

He grabs her forearms to stop her going further. "Are you sure?"

She kicks her shoes off, slides her pants and panties off and throws them to the side. With her knees up and arms behind her, holding her up, she spreads her legs as far as they will go, revealing her moist pussy lips. His dick starts straining at the fabric of his boxers. He lowers his pants just enough to pull his engorged cock out. One hand cups the back of her head, pulling her mouth to his. His other hand rubs the head of his cock along her wet pussy. She pulls his hips forward, plunging him inside of her. She nearly yelps but catches herself, remembering where they are. His eyes widen at the suddenness of penetrating her, but he quickly focuses and starts steadily pummeling into her. She throws her head back in ecstasy, but only allowing herself to breathe harder to keep from screaming. She bites her bottom lip and looks out the door to see someone walking by. The excitement of getting caught is almost more than she can take. Suddenly, he could feel her pussy spasming, gripping tightly onto his cock. 

He looks into her eyes, "Did you just...?"

She nods. Very quietly, she tells him, "Someone just walked by."

"What? Are you serious??"

She bites her bottom lip, smiling up at him. She lies down on the table, scooting right up to the edge. Her arms straighten to her sides and her hands hook onto the rim. 

"Alright. Let's do this," he says, determined to finish.

His renewed vigor turns her on even more. He rapidly drills her well lubricated twat. A few more hard thrusts and, clutching onto her hips, he shoots everything into her. His chest heaves as he tries to catch his breath. He pulls out, careful not to get anything on her or his clothes. She sits up and hops off the table. She holds his face in both her hands for a quick kiss before pulling her pants back on. He buttons up his shirt and puts his tie on. 

She carefully opens the door and peeks out. She motions for him to get out. They walk back out to the lobby where half the class has already arrived. 

"Hey! Did you guys just get here?" someone asks.

They give each other a look. He answers, "We were looking around for the restroom."

She glances at him, relieved he answered so smoothly.

"Oh. It's right over there," someone points towards the opposite end of the lobby.

"Thanks, I'll be right back," he walks quickly towards the restrooms. 

As he nears the men's room, his phone vibrates. Digging in his pocket for it, he feels something soft. He takes it out to find her panties wrapped around his phone. He checks the message. "Thanks :)"