 Prologue 

Hello Everyone. I have read a number of the stories on here before and since I have been inspired to write my own. This is the first erotica genre story I have ever written and I haven't finished writing it yet. While this story is fiction, it has a lot of real world inspiration. Please feel free to offer constructive criticism, so I can incorporate those details and comments into my future work. And now without further ado.

Chapter 1 – The Face off

"Shotty No Blitz," I hear as I am about to open the door to the garage.

"DAMMIT Diana... Is there nothing I can do to get you to sit in back?"

"Well, make an offer I cannot refuse and it's yours."

Joe stutters a second then responds "An offer you cannot refuse? ... Okay how about a day of being your slave to do all of your bidding?"

"Wow, you really don't want to sit in back do you?"

"No, I really don't!"

"Why, do I have cooties or something? ... C'mon Joe. don't be such a baby!" I turn around and there stands Amanda, my brother's girlfriend.

"No... its...uh... just... I would prefer the leg room." I say, hoping she did not hear the full conversion.

"What about being a slave?" she says as she walks right by me and opens the door to the Grand Cherokee.

"Sorry Joe, you are just going to have to suffer, Amanda do me a favor and give him hell back there!"

The three of us make our way over to the Jeep, Diana hops up into the front and I see Amanda motioning for me to get in.

"Dang it, not only do I have to sit in the back, but I am sitting middle next to all of Dan's useless crap!" I think shrugging, as I slowly make my way up into the Jeep. 

"Hey, I know I am skinny but shit, push over some." Amanda says.

"I can't, there isn't any room." Joe responds as he shows her he cannot move Dan's belongings and tools over any further.

"Joe," my girlfriend Diana looks over the seat with a stern look on her face, "Push over or I'm gonna have to come back there and smack you!"

"Well crap, there isn't any room. Seriously, unless you want me humping all of Dan's camping shit, I can't push over anymore! ... Uff!" Joe groans as Amanda jumps up and into his lap. 

"Eww, thanks for the mental picture Diana, but do you mind if I ride on Joe's lap? Who knows, maybe I can give him some girl cooties."

"No, not at all, so long as Dan doesn't."

"What about me?" We all hear as Dan jumps up into the driver's seat.

"Whoa, you two are nice and cozy back there."

"See," I start to say before promptly being smacked upside the head by Amanda.

"Dan, do you mind if Amanda sits on Joe's lap on the ride there?"

"I don't care if you don't Di." He starts before being interrupted

"Okay, time to roll."

----------------------------- -----------------------------

Chapter 2 – Introductions

Amanda stands up and lets me re-adjust my pants giving me a clean view of her tight ass. I can see she has a red thong on underneath her jeans; while Dan and I have talked about our sex lives together I have never really looked at Amanda in a sexual way since she is my brother's girlfriend. Amanda and Dan are both 25; while my girlfriend, Diana, will be 25 in a couple months and I am the baby of the group at 23. Dan and Amanda were high school sweethearts and I am pretty sure they are each other's only partners as they graduated together from the Manhattan University. I met Diana through Amanda, they were roommates freshmen year so we hung out often when I went to visit Dan. Amanda and myself were not exactly friends in high school but we weren't enemies either. Dan received a full athletic scholarship for basketball, so I was hoping that he and Amanda would split since Amanda always said how much she hated the city; but of course she followed him there and managed to walk onto the volleyball team. Dan was always a much better basketball player then myself; but I did manage to get an academic scholarship at Boston College. 

Throughout our four years in university I became accustomed to Amanda and we actually began to develop a friendship. I occasionally talked to Amanda through the four years but we really didn't start to become close until two summers ago when the three of them and me got an apartment on Boston Harbor. During my visits to New York, and their visits home, I got to know Diana more and more and I began to start to develop a crush on her; we started dating that fall after a trip she took to come see me during a Yankee's / Red Sox ALCS playoff game that was being played on a Friday night. She said she only came to watch the sox get beat because she needed to get back for work, however I managed to talk her into staying the rest of the weekend, costing me a dinner and a couple cheesy chick flick movies. Needless to say, she went back to New York my girlfriend. We stayed in touch and visited for a weekend here and there for the rest of the school year. That summer I went into the guidance counselor and asked about graduating early. I had taken a couple summer courses and a winter course this year, in plans of getting an extra minor into my diploma. I didn't want to step on Dan's toes since he was a grade ahead of me, however I also didn't want Diana to be out of school while I still had a full year or even the fall semester to go. After getting the okay from Dan and the counselor, I had to drop the second minor and those credits would go towards my general electives, while I would also need to take 4 core courses this summer instead of only 2 meaning that I would have a busy summer; I knew it would be worth it. I did well finishing up the school year, and although I went from a 3.7 GPA to a 3.4 I was still happy, as I did finish a year early and as long as I had good entrance exams I would be set for grad school. After graduation, the four of us decided to get away from the East Coast, being there all our lives, and sprung for a two bedroom cabin on Lake Michigan for three weeks

----------------------------- -----------------------------

Chapter 3 – The Drive

Its now August and the summer is coming to a close, we all decided this camping trip would be a great stress relief from our entry-level jobs and it would give Dan and I time to catch up as we worked conflicting schedules, where we did not get much time to see much of each other. Dan bought the Jeep brand new right off the show room floor at the beginning of the summer and with his brutal work schedule we didn't get to break in the vehicle besides a couple of day hiking trips here and there. This was going to be the first real test, which is why we have all this extra crap in the car.

Okay so I re-adjust my jeans and t-shirt and slightly tap Amanda's hip but she doesn't respond and I hear that she's whispering something to Diana. After a few moments she looks back and I inform her I am all set, so she pulls up her jeans, slightly hiding my view of her thong as she sits down on my lap. Dan pulls out of the drive and we make our way onto the interstate and toward our destination. Along the trip we play a couple of games and listen to music, just things to pass the time, stopping for lunch at some local diner and ask for directions to the cabin. The waitress promptly writes down the directions with a couple of landmarks to guide us, and we set back out on our drive. 

What started as smooth paved roads, now are rough, bumpy dirt roads and I find myself bouncing up from the seat. 

"Shit!" I mumbled to myself, trying to think of anything that will relax the excitement brewing in my pants.

"Oooo," I hear Amanda moan slightly as we go over a rather large bump and lands promptly on my swollen groin. I do my best not to groan, but before I can say anything I hear Amanda say "Dammit Dan, wa-aatch out!" I instinctively grab her hips and press them down onto my now burning groin as we hit yet another large pot hole.

"Thanks Joe, I almost hit my head." says Amanda smiling as my now rock solid cock is firmly pushing against the crack of her butt in those tight, tight pants. I quickly release my hands from her hips as Diana turns around to see if we are all right, ending with me getting the evil eye. 

"Dan, stop going so fast over these damn bumps, you want Amanda to hit her head?" Diana says sternly to Dan.

"Joe will keep her safe," he said, followed promptly by a smack upside the head from Amanda.

"Asshole!" she mumbles as we finally pull up to the cabin. 

Diana and Dan quickly get out and make a dash to the cabin mumbling about who's going to get the bathroom first. Meanwhile Amanda slowly stands up, giving me another good look at her firm ass, I quickly re-adjust and pull my dick up under my belt, but before I can, Amanda turns around, and says "Diana must be a happy girl!" she whispers as she leans past me grabbing one of the sleeping bags from the back. 

She catches me gawking at her cleavage as she leans back into the seat, smiles and says "Because I have no complaints," and hops out of the car. I grab the other 3 sleeping bags and quickly catch up. We make our way into the cabin and I hear Dan yelling down the hall that there was a note on the door that the bedrooms are upstairs. I follow her up the stairs and at the top she turns around and I notice her nipples protruding from her halter top.

"Wow, did she enjoy that as much as I did? Noo, I can't be thinking about her that way, she is my brother's girlfriend. But what did she mean by Diana must be a happy girl?"

"Joe!" I am brought back to reality,

"Joe! Which room do you want?"

"I am going to be a gentleman and let you decide which you would like." I respond. 

"Since when is staring at your brother's girlfriend's cleavage chivalrous?"

"I, uh" the words seem to stumble from my brain.

"34C."

"Excuse me?"

"My cup size, 34C, I know you were wondering/"

"No I wasn't," I say sheepishly, as I am trying to fight off blushing. I knew I was caught red handed, and by now, probably red-faced.

----------------------------- -----------------------------

Chapter 4 – The vacation

By the time everything gets unpacked the sun has set over the lake, leaving Dan and I to grab the flashlights to go searching for firewood as the girls start to prepare the steak we picked up while we were in town.

"Joe," I hear my brother yell from behind the cabin, It looks like someone left out some wood over here."

"I think we should just use this for tonight, and tomorrow we can replenish the stack when there's better light." I say, as I walk up to Dan.

"Damn, my thoughts exactly!"

I grab a few pieces of wood and make my way back up to the cabin entrance.

"CRAP, hey Dan watch out on your way up, evidentially our not so nice predecessors didn't clean up after their dog," I shout, as I scrape off the dog poop on the edge of the house and make my way around the corner and into the cabin.

After loading up the fire bin, I get the fire going while Dan goes off into the kitchen. Just as I am putting the last piece of wood in the fireplace I feel an arm come down over my shoulder and I get a whisper in my ear.

"Joe, you stink like firewood and dog poop. I am sure that you don't want to be giving Diana any of those cooties tonight, do you?"

Wait? Did she just say Diana, I turn around and see Amanda there smiling at me. She gives me a wink, dragging me down the hallway and pushes me up the stairs. As I am going up the stairs I notice Diana standing there in the doorway and tell her in a snotty voice "I am being instructed to go clean up for supper" and with that Amanda disappears back out of sight toward the kitchen. 

This puzzles me, but I suppose I do need to take a shower, while Amanda is only about 5'6 105 maximum, a six hour drive in close quarters like that coupled with the last few miles I probably do stink. Not to mention all of the crap I had to pull into the cabin and stepping into the dog poop, I had worked up a pretty decent sweat. 

I go to mine and Diana's room, strip down, grab a towel and accessories and make my way into the shower. 

"Ah, this water feels so good," I think as it sprays over my face and down my averagesized chest. I reach down to grab the shampoo and I think I heard the door to the bathroom open. I peek out, but I don't see anyone; I grab some shampoo spread it on my hands and start slipping my fingers through my hair as my eyes are closed and I am just beginning to enjoy some relaxing time. 

Whoosh! I hear the curtain open and there stands Amanda topless, her nipples engorged roughly the size of a silver dollar and her nipples very much protruding outward. I quickly wash my hands against the misty water and rub my eyes... yup she's still there, and WOW she only has on that red thong and boy does that look wet.

"Amanda," I whisper, trying to be as stern as I possible can, "What are you doing here? You need to get out of here before they see us."

"Joe, be quiet, you know Dan is a fantastic chef... He and Diana are in the kitchen finishing up whatever you guys got at the store, but right now I need that piece of meat I felt in the car."

"Amanda, I am flattered you liked the trip down, but you are my brother's girlfriend, you two have been with each other for six years, what the fuck are you thinking!" 

Her only response was to bend down and take what was back to its normal but now is semi-erect into her hand as she started stroking my cock. 

"Joe, I know this is wrong, just like you do, but I was just as excited as you on the drive here, and the thought of hearing you moan as you are fucking Diana tonight with the tree trunk of a thing is will not be enough. Here I thought Dan's penis was wide, but holy crap, that thing is nearly the width of damn cucumber." 

Those were her last words as she lowered her head onto my shaft and taught me some things I had never known before; Diana was by no means a novice at sucking cock but WOW, Amanda was a expert. Her lips licking up underneath my swollen mushroom head felt amazing, as she gobbled up my precum.

"Amanda, Amanda, I am going to cum! Amanda!" I try to whisper, fighting the urges to moan and yell in what would certainly get us both busted and probably killed by my older brother.

"Slurp... SLUUURP, sluRRp" is all that can be heard as she moves faster and faster, up and down my five and a half inch dick.

"Amanda, c'mon I am going to cum," I tapped her on the head.

She just looks up as my legs start to go queasy and as my abs and mid-section contract. I couldn't hold it any more as I grab a hole of her hair and starting fucking her face, dumping my load into her welcoming throat.

She swallows every drop, grabs my head brings it down to kiss her nipples, which now were pushing a half an inch in length. She brings my head up even more and kisses me on the forehead, then grabs her clothes and leaves me lost for words as I stare at her plump ass as she closes the door quietly behind her...

"Did I just get orally raped?" I think, troubled by what just happened; I finish washing my hair and do a quick wash of my face and genital regions, being careful to wash off any trace of what just transpired. While that was the best blow job I will ever probably have, it can never be found out or Dan would kick my ass and probably toss Amanda out on her own when we got home, or even worse, leave her here.

The rest of the night went as smoothly as it could, as both Amanda and myself avoided the awkwardness as much as humanly possible. The four of us made small talk about how the last semester went for us all, focusing on how I managed the work load, and how proud Amanda was about how Dan's basketball team did so well in the NCAA Tournament, a first in school history. 

That night we all sat by the fireplace continuing the small talk, and as the night wore on I felt more and more comfortable, thinking that I could get away with what happened on the ride down and in the shower just hours before. That night Diana and I had some amazing sex and I woke up to the sun coming up on my left out the balcony and my beautiful girlfriend straddling my torso grinding on my fat cock as she moaned, caressing my walnutsized balls. Diana was on the pill and she got tested just before we got together so there was no need for condoms. The feeling of juicy, engorged lips sliding up and down, coaxing and tightening on my swollen shaft was fantastic. It wasn't long before she had slowed way down and got that look on her face, and her lips were like vice grips squeezing and suffocating my cock making sure to feel every little ridge and inconsistency. I grabbed her waist and pulled her down as we interlocked into a deep intimate kiss as I felt her wetness explode all over my cock filling up her tight hole searching for any slight opening to seep out of. This sent me over the edge, as I pumped my hips up into her, my balls slapping against her ass as I felt four long streams of cum rocket out of my cock and spill out onto the sheets

"I love you, I love you Diana." 

"Oh my god Joe, that was fantastic" she replied as we fondle each other's tongue with our own.

I sat back up kissing, still her moist wet lips, eventually making my way down to her neck as I move over to the side of the bed still in her and pick her up and walk out of our room, across the hall and into the shower where we washed each other and went a couple more rounds doggy style.

"God, Di, I just love your ass as I move my dick into your pussy!" I exclaim slowly pumping in and out of her as she leans forward and the water drips down her back, providing extra lubricant for the occasion. As if we aren't wet enough as it is.

"Oh God Joe, those huge things feel so good hitting my clit... oooooh yesss harder! Harder! Yessss!" 

----------------------------- -----------------------------

Chapter 5 – Later that Day

After breakfast Dan and I headed out onto the lake to get some good quality fishing in. We take a trip into town to grab some bait since the girls wouldn't let that anywhere near them.

"Joe, you and Diana had quite an exciting night didn't you?"

"Were we really that loud?"

"Yah, I had Amanda telling me we need to put some padding on the walls tonight or something. She couldn't understand how either of you had so much energy after such an exhaustively long drive."

"Dang, I knew we were kinda loud but I guess I am glad we don't have neighbors for miles, they probably would've called the cops or something. Sorry." I reply,still feeling guilty about the shower incident that caused all of the theatrics later that night.

(Jump ahead to 5pm)

"Hey girls, how was your day?" I say I kill the engine and coast the little twenty foot fishing boat that came with the cabin onto the sand. 

"Catch anything?" They say in unison as they get up from their tanning chairs, both topless.

"You wouldn't believe the size of the Lake Trout Dan almost caught... I had it in my sights when the line broke and the darn thing got away" I re-enact, leaning over the boat with the net, not even noticing that Amanda was there topless in front of me once again.

"Yah Joe, it had to be what? Five/Six pounds?"

"Hell if I knoooow." It finally starts dawning on me that my girlfriend and Amanda were there nearly stark naked in front of Dan and I.

"Wow" I think to myself, I didn't really notice how big Diana's pink luscious nipples were, which seemed to dwarf even Amanda slightly browned quarter-sized nipples on their tanned bodies.

"Joe, don't make me come slap you," I heard Diana say in no time. "Just because the sex was awesome last night doesn't mean you will get any tonight if you keep that up."

"Di, relax." I heard Dan jump in. "I take it as a compliment as I am sure Amanda does too, right hun?"

"Certainly do," she says winking and gently pushing together her boobs, quickly followed by Di.
