 All characters involved in sexual contact, over the age of 18. Based on a true story with a lot of fiction.

*****

Where do you feel you're best? Where do you feel at home? For me, it was on the baseball field, up on the pitcher's mound. On a brisk February day, right in the middle of the month, I stood on that mound as a king. I wanted nothing more but to be here at that moment. Well maybe not anything more, I looked over my right shoulder at a buxom blond named Sarah Smith, short with big breasts and a winning smile. She wasn't looking at me though; she was starring at the man opposite me at the plate, Nathan Willis. He was simply an amazing athlete and person. He lettered in Football, baseball and basketball.

A practice game before regular practices began for the year. We played on the same team. He and I were about as alike as peanut butter and honey. I was 5' 10 190 lbs and spent my time playing video games, while Nathan was at the gym. I wasn't fat, I was wide, I had blue cold eyes and didn't smile often. The only thing I did sport wise was baseball, and I wasn't as handsome or personable as Nathan. I was just a regular guy with a fastball. Sarah had been in love with Nathan, since well, I had been in love with Sarah. But she had never noticed.

Her eyes pierced Nathan while I shook off two signs from my catcher and best friend, Mickey Rourke. He wanted me to throw something off speed but I knew what this guy needed. Mickey got the message and gave me the sign for my fastball; I wound up and threw with all my might. As much as I would like to have thrown the ball at Nathan's head, I threw it to the lower inside corner and he was a mile late with the bat, the sound of the ball hitting the catchers mitt was all I heard. Strike three, game over. As I walked toward the dugout, I looked up at Sarah, a smile on my face, looking for hers, instead she was staring at Nathan, looking heartbroken for him. I just wanted her to notice me, but she only had eyes for him. Mickey ran up to me and hit me on the shoulder, then followed my gaze.

He shook his head and said, 

"You gotta think about something else man. Until she realizes Nate is not interested in one woman, she will never see you." That was unlikely, they had been together for years. Nathan was completely loyal to her. 

I tried to take my eyes off her. She was beautiful to me, she wasn't the most popular or sexiest girl in school, but she had something special about her. Every guy liked her. I was not as pathetic as some of them. Her and I were very close. Just as friends, she told me everyday how much she loved Nathan. How much they were alike. We had grown up together; she lived across the street from me. Nathan lived across from her, we all got along well. 

In the locker room Nathan and his gang were laughing and talking about how good we were going to be this year. Last year, he sat out the season because of a broken ankle and we had no offence. He talked about my fastball at the end of the game and how he couldn't even see it. The reason I secretly hated him so much was because of Sarah, first and foremost. A close second was the fact he was so nice, such awesome he had to know I liked her, and he never said a word once. He was awesome to me, even though all I was a dork who could throw a ball and dream of getting with his girlfriend.

"Ty dude, you should come skating tonight." Nathan called to me.

I instantly rejected the idea; I hated hanging out with the cool crowd. But to be nice I responded in a fake tone. 

"Ohh maybe, whose coming?"

"Well it's a birthday party and valentine's day party for Sarah, her birthday is today. So all of her friends and most of the team. She said you were coming." 

I had forgotten about her birthday, I wasn't worried about Valentine's Day, I had no one to celebrate with. But I had forgotten Sarah's birthday, that never happened before. She usually makes it into a huge deal but she hadn't mentioned it in a few weeks. A look must have creeped across my face because Nathan then said,

"Don't worry, she doesn't want presents, except from me. You guys get off easy." He joked and his gang all laughed. I joined in lightly relieved he had misunderstood my face. 

John Newcomer, our coach walked into the locker room. A scowl on his face, "Mayes get the fuck in here." He said pointing at the office. I shared a scared look with Mickey and Nathan, got up and hurried in behind him, shutting the door. 

He began talking without preamble, I looked down, and saw my grades sitting on his desk.

"We got a problem son, a big problem. This is our year. Our year. You are going to go pro if the scouts see your fastball this year. The high school sports committee fucked us. Absolutely, fucked us. They have changed the rules for eligibility, a student no longer need a 3.0 gpa average to qualify for athletics." That didnt sound bad." You now need a C or 78 average in every class you are enrolled in." 

I stared at him processing what he was saying, then spoke one word," Literature."

He nodded," If you don't pull your 68 up to a 78 average, the lowest C, by march 17 you will not be able to play this year. I am so sorry son. There is no way around it. You have a month. I will speak to your teacher. Get your her best student to tutor you." 

I refused to believe it was happening. I was so horrible at literature; I couldn't understand a word of any of it. My mom knew it and let it slide as long as my other grades were fine. I was the only player disqualified by the rule, but the all the players were highly dismayed. 

I drove home thinking about how I was going to raise my grade, I knew I had a huge paper due, based on a few Shakespearean works, next week. I decided to hit the books hard tonight and skip the skating ring. Just as I was about to sit down to read the first book, the phone rang. 

"Hello?" I answered. 

"Hey Ty, its Kate." Sarah's best friend. She dressed slightly Goth. She wore black a lot, she stood about 5 ' 7 and slim. We got along well, but didn't talk much. "Sarah is looking for you. She had me call you to make sure you weren't skipping her party just because you aren't on the baseball team anymore." 

"What? I'm still on it, I just need to get a grade up."

"Ohh, she made it sound final. Sorry." 

"Don't worry about it. Kate, Anyways, I am thinking of skipping." I heard a rustling over the phone and heard Sarah speak into the receiver; my heart skipped a beat as always. 

"Don't skip my party Ty, I need you there, it's my 18th birthday." She pleaded

"Ok, ok, I will be there."

"Great, can you pick Nathan up, his car is in the shop. Thanks Cutie." And she hung up before I could respond. 

I showered, groomed and called my mom to tell her I would be out late. She was a swing nurse and was working a 12 hour shift; I wouldn't see her til the weekend. It was just her and I; my dad had died in Afghanistan in the 90's. 

When I arrived at Nathan's house, he was outside waiting, and jumped in the car. I was driving a late 80s Mercedes, sedan. It was a peach of a car, leather and smooth. As I drove we eased in to conversation mostly about major league baseball. Not once mentioning Sarah's name. He could ease into any room, talk about anything, and was so peaceful. The guy was Ghandi for god sakes. I pulled into the skating rink right on time. Sarah met Nate at my car and kissed him. A small amount of bile raised in my stomach, but I suppressed it. 

A lot of people showed up, probably 30. Sarah was inseparable, from Nathan skating with him every song. After skating for a few hours, I had grown tired of watching Nathan grab Sarah's ass and her squeal in delight. Grown a bit tired of her hold his hand. I was skating off and noticed Kate sitting alone at a table with her skates off. I skated over and she waved at me. 

"May I sit down?" I asked.

"Of course" She smiled. I could see her short dyed black hair hanging around her ears; she looked at me with sorrow.

"I am so sorry Ty, about the team."

I put on a brave face. "It's ok, I am going to get a tutor tomorrow. I will get the grade up. Coach has promised me the best lit student as my tutor, and I will be okay. I have to be." 

She smiled a shy smile, "That's awesome. I like the fact you're not trying to bribe your grade higher, or fake it." 

"It crossed my mind, but I wouldn't be able to live with myself. My dad always said you have to be able to look yourself in the mirror at the end of the day."

"Absolutely."

I looked over my shoulder, watching Sarah sway and skate slowly. Her ass was moving perfectly in jeans. 

Kate spoke but I didn't hear her until she snapped her fingers.

"Wait, what?" I asked. 

"I SAID, something's never change. You still carry a torch for that girl."

"What, no I don't. I just care about her as a friend." Kate snorted and started playing with a black fingernail. She looked at me again smiling that same smile. 

"Whatever man. She is clueless, but I see the way you look at her." I didn't comment. She started putting her skates on, and was quiet while I watched Sarah. Kate shook her head at me. "Listen, you will find out tomorrow, I am the highest scoring senior in Literature. It's a fact. So let's start your tutoring tomorrow. After school, my place" I looked at her surprised. "You remember where I live?"

"Yeah. Okay. Thank you so much." I said in a sincere tone. She bent over messing with a skate. I reacted like most red blooded males, looking down her black tank top at her olive skinned, firm breasts. She had to be a B cup, just perfect shape, I attempted not to stare but found it difficult. When I finally pried my eyes back up, I saw her looking at me. Saying I was embarrassed would have been an understatement, but she had a slight grin on her face.

"I will see you tomorrow after school Ty." She skated by me and tapped my shoulder with her index finger. 

I must have looked bad to her, looking at her best friend, then her, but she seemed amused, not mad.

The rest of the night went by quickly, we all got together and sang happy birthday to Sarah at the end. The last song of the night was a sappy backstreet boys song (hey, it was 2002) and was couples skate. Everyone paired up, it seemed to take an eternity, but as expected I was left alone at the end. I began to skate toward the exit, when I heard someone yelling my name.

"Ty, Ty Wait. Don't leave! " In my mind's eye it was Sarah. But the voice wasn't right, I turned and saw the black tank top and black Stockings on under mini jean shorts and knew who it was. 

Kate skated up to me. "Come on, let's go out there." She was blushing and one of the football players was behind her.

"I don't need a pity skate, but thank you." I said quietly. Then I skated out the exit to the lobby, without looking back.

The next day went by quickly, I just went to classes and grinded the day out. The rumors were flying about why I was suspended. The last I heard, I had beaten up the coach, and the school was going to expel me. No one could believe a dork could be failing a class. Everyone stared at me, everywhere I went. Lunch was a lively affair as my friends discussed Star Wars movies, I believed in an attempt to make me feel better. I was pretty out of it, I couldn't stay with the conversation, I had butterflies in my stomach and didn't know why. I remembered when Kate was a gawky scrawny kid; never getting a second thought or look from me. Once you got over the black, she was fit like a dancer. 

I remembered the first time I had really noticed her features. Last year Kate went to the Galapagos Islands midway through the year. Missing 3 months, she came back a warm, May Saturday. She was tan head to toe. I was pitching a shutout, but was struggling to our rival Hampton Sneed High. Our offence was dismal last year but scrounged up a run, making it 1 - 0 in the 7th with one out. I had walked two batters in a row and couldn't find my command. It was humid and about 90 degrees, I had thrown about 100 pitches and was grasping. Mickey was up at the mound talking me through it. A good catcher needs to be part psychologist, part mathematician. 

"Man come on. The guy coming up, keep the ball down. He will hit into a double play and your out...Woah... who is that with Sarah?"

I followed his gaze, to Sarah. She was wearing an almost see through white dress and talking to a skinny girl who was tan head to toe. I recognized her as Kate immediately. She was wearing a tank top that looked like fire with short black shorts on.

"Dude that's Kate. She's been away. She's grown in 3 months."

He stared.

"God she's hot. Does she have a boyfriend?"

"Not to my knowledge. She never has far as I know. You should ask her out."

"Maybe I will, but to do that I need to get out of the inning. Keep the ball down." 

After trotting back to home plate, I saw him staring up again at her. He gave me a sign, I took it, and as I wound up, I heard a yell from the crowd. Not Sarah, but Kate.

"Get him Ty! You can do it!"

I looked at her, she winked, and I threw the ball. I used to be able tell you when a pitch left my hand whether it was good or not, but that meant nothing. Some of my best pitches were hit for home runs. Some of my worst were strikeouts. This was a curve ball that curved right into the lower middle of the plate, where it was met head on with a bat, the idea is that the ball will be hit on the ground to a defensive man and you can get two players out with one swing of the bat. My friend and catcher said this player was susceptible to this. However, instead of a ground ball, he hit a line drive, directly at my head. I wasn't fast enough to dodge it, the ball struck me directly in the head. Everything went completely dark.

I woke three hours later in the hospital with a splitting head ache. My mom and Mickey were in the room with me. Mom was in her scrub. 

"Did we win?" I croaked out. Mickey laughed and shook his head.

"After you went down they brought in Anderson, they scored 10 runs on us." 

"Dont worry about the game Ty. You got a major concussion; thank god you got such a thick skull." My mom said. "I am going to find the Dr. Derek. He will want to know you're awake." My mom the nurse, leapt into action. She left hurriedly.

"I'm sorry man." Mickey said. He looked a little weird. 

"No man. It's fine. It happens." 

He shook his head. "Not about that, Sarah and Kate were here... I asked Kate said no to me. Maybe while you were unconscious and in a hospital was the wrong time to ask."

"You think." I laughed.

"She said her heart belonged to another. It was weird; Sarah looked as shocked as 8 did about her saying no. Sarah and Kate said to tell you Hi. Things got awkward after that and they left." 

As I was thinking that last thought, Sarah sat down beside me. 

"Hey Ty. How's it going?" I immediately froze. She never came over at sat at this table. This was the nerd table. She was wearing jeans and a white strapless top, lacy around the top. She must have had on a hell of a bra to keep her big tits up. She smiled as she caught me looking at her.

"Good." I muttered. 

"Well great. Listen can you take me to the movies tonight. Nathan is being a jerk. He won't see this movie I want to see."

My friends all shook their heads. They knew a guy friend zoned when they saw one. I had to make a choice, baseball or girls, my life long fight. Baseball won out on this occasion.

"I'm Sorry; Kate is tutoring me tonight with Lit. So I can get back on the team or I would." 

"Really? She didn't tell me.. "With that she got up and stormed off with purpose. All of our eyes followed her.

*********

Everyday instead of going to the cafeteria, Kate read smutty novels in her literature class room. She loved reading stories about men absolutely dominating women. She was worried her choices in sex made her weird. She wanted to be grabbed by her hair and taken from behind. The mere thought of her lovers cock in her made her almost cum without touching herself. She was currently reading a story where a strong man had a girl down on her knees; he had pushed her head down on his balls and was calling her knees. She glanced around, she was alone in the room. She very slowly started touching herself under her skirt. Within seconds she was close to cumming. She was thinking about her crush holding her down and fucking her silly, the way she always dreamed of him doing. She groaned aloud. 

"Jesus, your making me hot just watching you. What are you reading?" 

Kate jumped a foot high, hadn't heard anyone enter the room. She looked up and to her horror, she saw her best friend Sarah was watching her play with herself.

"God, Sarah. You scared me." Kate said, holding her chest.

Sarah laughed, "You looked like you were having fun. Getting primed for tonight I see."

Kate blushed more." You know it's not like that. I am going to help Ty get back on to the team." 

Sarah nodded," Yeah, Ty is so good. Too bad he is such a dork, Not exactly good looking either, but completely loyal."

Sarah often times said this, like Ty was a commodity. Kate didn't think Ty was bad looking at all, instead she thought...

"Don't steal him away from me Kate, he is such an amazing friend. Speaking of which, you shouldn't make Ty study tonight, he wanted to see the movie with me. You wouldn't want to come between us would you?" Sarah's words registered with Kate and she tried to stop herself from getting upset, how could Ty think that she was making him? She only wanted to help him.

"Anyways, I will let you get back to fucking yourself you little whore." Sarah grabbed Kate's nipple fairly hard and left the room. Even upset as Kate was, the grab sent Kate into spasms as she threw her fingers into herself, finger fucking herself with reckless abandon. She moaned quietly to herself.

"Fuck me Ty, Fuck me so hard, Ohh god. I'm cumming." She erupted on her fingers, quickly, and relaxed in the seat. She thought to herself, "Maybe I am a whore." 

I arrived at Kate's house at 4 O' clock, after school. I was met by her jovial mother at the door. I formally introduced myself and she told me Kate was down stairs playing games. I went down the stairs slowly and peered around a large wall. The basement was huge, there was a large couch, big screen TV, table and work out equipment. I could see Kate sprawled out playing a final fantasy game on the TV. 

"Hey Kate, I'm here." I announced. She looked back at me; she looked upset but smiled at me. 

"You don't have to be here Ty. You could be watching the movie instead, telling her I am making you be here was wrong." 

My face turned to confusion. "I told her that I was coming for tutoring. Nothing more. I don't want to get between her boyfriend and her, and I definitely don't want to see that movie." I stared at her, begging her to believe me." Please believe me! I want to be here, I have to be." 

She was blushing but she had cried as well, her mascara was running. 

"Just remember you need this, I don't have to do it." Her voice was still strained but slightly better. She shut the game off, and bent over the couch to get her books. She was wearing a pair of blue soccer shorts; they showed off her pert ass wonderfully. I stood there like an idiot, until she glanced back and saw me fixated on her ass. I looked away quickly but knew I had been caught.

"Well? Where are your books?" She said with a laugh. I chuckled back then; I realized I left them in the car. I apologized and ran out to the car to retrieve them. She was playing a big black grand piano I hadn't noticed off to the right of the room when I returned. I walked over and sat next to her on the piano bench as she played the stoic song. When she finished, I clapped and she bowed her head, smiling. 
