 She lit another cigarette and her fingers tapped on the steering wheel. It had been years since she quit smoking, and now not even they could calm her nerves.

Bev rolled down the truck window and blew out a cloud of smoke. What in the world could she be thinking? He was her son's best friend.

Finally he appeared from the front doors of the gym carrying his gym bag. She held her breath. Her insides quivered. He had just showered and his hair was wet. He walked with a confident swagger that most boys his age didn't have, and yet he still had that boyish innocence. He might have been only a teenager, but he was a boy in a man's body.

He stopped at the curb and waved to another boy going off in the other direction with his parents. A smile started to form on her lips. From that angle she could see the bulge showing in the front of his jeans. She wasn't ashamed to admit it was what he had between his legs that interested her. It was what separated him from other men.

He started walking. She wiped her forehead. This was crazy. How had she ever found the nerve to tell his mother that she and Owen would be happy to pick him up so they could go to a movie? What would she do if his mother found out that she was picking up her son to take him home and fuck him?

She pulled up alongside him at the curb and rolled down the passenger side window.

"Hi Grant. Want a ride?" she said.

He stepped over and leaned against the door.

"Hi Mrs. Stills. Where's Owen?"

She took one last hit on her cigarette and threw it out her own window.

"Today I'm Bev," she said.

He grinned. "I didn't expect anyone to pick me up."

"Owen's with his father and his sister. They went to the baseball game. Do you want a ride?"

He opened the door and climbed in and threw his duffel bag in the back.

"Where are we going?" he said.

She put the truck in gear and started to drive.

"I told your mother I was taking you and Owen to see a movie."

"You talked to my Mom?"

"Of course. I had to give her a reason why you wouldn't be home right after practice," she said, and watched him out of the corner of her eye. For a second she felt a pang of regret for her husband. If she was lucky, he would never know what he was competing against.

"That was pretty smart."

"Just trying to cover all the bases," she said.

She put her hand on his thigh, near the warmth of his crotch. He let his legs spread.

"I hope I like the movie," he said.

She chuckled. She felt a stiffness between his legs pushing back against her hand.

"Are we going to your house?" he said.

She shook her head. "We can't go there. My husband could come home early. You never know with him. He might get suspicious if I brought you home to suck your cock."

He didn't answer. She could tell he was thinking about how she was going to suck his cock when it quickly grew stiffer under her hand and stretched down the leg of his jeans.

"We can't go to my house. My Mom is there," he said.

"No. I thought of that, too. My husband would just want a divorce. Your mother? I'd hate to see what she would do to me."

He turned to look in the back seat.

"I guess we can do it in the back," he said.

She snorted. "I didn't go to all this trouble for you to fuck me in the back of my truck."

He stared at her for a second.

"We're gonna fuck, too?"

His cock had become a ridge sticking up along his leg, from his crotch almost to his knee. She had to take her hand away to make a left turn, but immediately put it back on the hard ridge.

"Try not to get too excited, dear. I don't want you to shoot your wad before we even get out of the truck."

"Sorry," he said, and sat back, looking a little dejected.

She started to say something to chide him, but bit her tongue. When he displayed such a mature sense of humor it was easy to forget that he still had the sensitivity of a teenager.

"No, dear. My friend has an apartment. I've made arrnagements with her."

"That's cool. What's your friend's name?"

"Her name's Elizabeth, but she likes to go by Lizzie."

"Lizzie," Grant said, like he was testing the name. "Is she cute?"

Bev laughed. "Why do you ask that?"

He shrugged. "I don't know."

But she had an idea of what he knew. This man-child sitting next to her was discovering a new world where sex was better than the video games he played with his friends, and every girl he met was a possible conquest. She squeezed his cock through his jeans. Was she the one who had created this monster?

* * * *

Lizzie was holding a glass of wine when she opened the door. From the crooked smile on her face, that probably wasn't her first glass. Standing in the hallway, Bev groaned silently inside, but forced herself to smile.

"Bev, dear. Who's your friend?" Lizzie said.

"Lizzie, this is Grant."

Lizzie held out her right hand as they went into the apartment.

"Hello Grant. It's nice to meet you," she said, and shook his hand.

"Thanks," he said.

"Come in and sit down. Can I get you a glass of wine?"

"Uh, can I have a Mountain Dew?" he said.

A slight frown formed on Lizzie's lips and Bev rolled her eyes. She knew exactly what she was thinking.

"Have a seat, Grant. I'll see what I can find for you," she said, and dragged Lizzie into the small kitchen area by her elbow.

Lizzie yanked her arm out of her hand.

"Bev, have you lost your mind? You told me you were bringing a man over to fuck him. Stupid me, I thought you meant a man, not a boy," she said.

"He's not a child, Lizzie," Bev said, and opened the refrigerator, but she forgot what she was looking for.

"Oh no, he's not a child. What is he, twenty? Nineteen?"

Bev clenched her jaws. There was no easy way out of this. The only thing in the fridge was a Diet Coke.

"He's eighteen," she said, and even as the words were coming out she could hear how bad it sounded.

Lizzie's jaw fell open.

"Bev, my God. Now I know you are nuts."

Bev shut the refrigerator door, maybe a little too hard when some of the jars rattled.

"I don't say anything about the girls you pick up," she said.

Lizzie crossed her arms.

"I'm not trolling the middle school playgrounds for someone to fuck."

Bev had nothing to say. She just glared at Lizzie. She was right, of course. Grant was much too young to be involved with any of this. So what was it that made what she was doing all right?

"You'll understand when you see what he's got between his legs."

Bev started toward the next room with the can of pop, and Lizzie grabbed her arm.

"That's what this is all about? You're willing to throw away your marriage, your career, us, you're willing to risk going to jail because of what he has between his legs? Bev, what the hell has happened to you?"

Bev hesitated. Was it really that bad? Was she really throwing everything away?

"What about him? What damage are you doing to him by using him just for his cock?" Lizzie said.

Bev put the pop can down.

"Lizzie, you've become very moral lately. I must be having a bad effect on you. Let's go out there so you can talk to him and maybe he'll let you get a look at that cock."

She put her hands on Lizzie's hips, leaned forward and kissed her lips. She pulled away and looked in her eyes.

"I remember a time when you thought nothing of seducing girls not much older than Grant."

Lizzie's face turned red and she smiled.

"A girl's pussy is real sweet at that age. I took a few boys, too. Back then I wasn't so particular about who I corrupted."

"You corrupted me," Bev said.

Lizzie shrugged. "Sometimes you just get lucky."

They walked out of the kitchen holding hands, but Lizzie let go before Grant saw them. Bev held out the pop can.

"How about a Diet Coke? I'm afraid that's all we have," she said.

"That's great. Thanks," Grant said. He opened the can and took a long drink.

Lizzie sat down next to him. Her eyes glanced down at his lap. There was no way she could miss the shape of his cock that stretched like a thick snake down his leg. The expression on her face though, made no indication that she noticed. Bev left them to chat for a while and went into the bathroom.

She checked herself in the mirror. Her hair was good. She teased it a little with a comb, although she was sure it would be a mess before she took Grant home. Her nails were good. The red polish was still fresh. She took a moment to touch up the bright red color on her lips. She wanted them to look fantastic around Grant's cock, especially if she could get Lizzie to stick around and watch. They would both find out if she had prepared enough for this day.

Lizzie and Grant were laughing when she came back out. She let out a deep breath. It was a relief that they were getting along so well. Maybe this wouldn't be so difficult after all.

Lizzie had finished her wine. She had her hand on Grant's arm, and he looked a lot less uncomfortable.

Bev, where have you been hiding this young man? We've been having a great time," Lizzie said.

"Yeah. Did you know we had some of the same teachers?" Grant said.

Bev sat in the chair across from them.

"I didn't even know you went to the same school."

"It's amazing, isn't it? I can't believe how little it's changed," Lizzie said.

"I'm glad you two are having so much fun. Let's have some more fun," Bev said.

"Sure. What do you wanna do?" Grant said.

Bev put her hand on his knee.

"I was hoping you might let us see your cock."

Lizzie gasped. "You have a cock, too?"

Grant suddenly looked uneasy again. He was glancing at Lizzie out of the corner of his eye, but not looking directly at her. Bev held her breath. Had she misread his desire? Was she pushing him into something he didn't want?

"Uh, sure, I guess," he said, and stammered.

Bev sighed softly. She was having trouble figuring Grant out. Just when she thought he was bold and outgoing, he turned timid and shy.

The room got very quiet. Grant started to unfasten his belt and jeans. Bev and Lizzie watched his hands. Beneath the cover of his jeans, his cock was pulsing like a living thing, and Bev felt a cold shiver down her spine.

He lifted his butt off the sofa and pushed his jeans down to his knees. His cock jumped out and stood straight up and Lizzie gasped.

"Oh my Lord. Does that thing have its own zip code?" she said and covered her mouth with her hand and laughed.

"Yeah, I guess it does," he said. He put his hand around it and stroked slowly.

"Lizzie, would you like to touch it?" Bev said.

"Why not? I haven't touched a cock in ten years," she said and sat forward.

Her hand reached out for his cock, but it was tentative and slow. Grant moved his hand down to the base, like he was supporting a telephone pole. Lizzie's fingers touched it lightly and closed around it. She giggled, but it was nervous and uncertain.

"I forgot how hard a cock feels," she said. Her hand moved up and down on it just a bit. "If I had a cock like this when I was younger I might still be straight."

She laughed and covered her mouth again with her other hand.

"Do you want to play with it for a while?" Bev said.

"Your hand feels really good," Grant said. He let out a sigh and it looked like some of his tension was easing.

"Me? No. But I know a few people who would definitely like to meet you," Lizzie said.

"What people?" Grant said.

"A few friends of mine."

"Grant? She talking about her gay friends," Bev said.

She watched carefully for his reaction. Had he figured it out yet?

"Really? I have a friend who's gay," he said.

Bev and Lizzie looked at each other.

"You do?" Bev said.

Grant chuckled. "Yeah. But I don't know if he liked it when I fucked him. He said I was too big."

Lizzie's eyes got real big. She leaned forward and put her chin in the palm of her hand.

"So you like to do it with boys too?" she said.

Bev couldn't speak. This news was too much to take. Grant, her personal sex toy, had been experimenting with boys.

But it was the look on Lizzie's face that got her interest. She was staring at Grant like a schoolgirl with a crush on the star quarterback. Bev looked from her to Grant, and she was feeling it too, a strange sense of intrigue. For some reason, it was a huge turn on to find out that he was bi.

Grant shrugged. "I mean, I guess it's all right. It's different with Jon and Ben, you know? I prefer girls, though."

Bev didn't say anything. She looked at lizzie, who looked back at her with the corner of her mouth turned up in a half grin. She knew what she was thinking.

But that would have to wait for another day. Right now she wanted to get her hands on that cock, and especially feel it in her mouth. She slipped off the arm chair to the floor and crawled the few feet to Grant on her knees.

"It's my turn to play with him now," she said.

She pulled his shoes off, pulled his jeans all the way down and off, and pushed his knees apart.

"What are you gonna do?" he said.

Bev licked her lips. She put one hand around his cock, holding it near the base like it was a grand sceptre and she had just been crowned Empress.

"First I'm gonna blow you. Then I'm gonna show you how to blow me."

She moved her hand up and down on his cock. It was so hard under the warm, velvety skin. It had a power that she felt all through her body, a power that commanded her to do as it willed, as if the desire she felt for this cock was channeled into her soul by the cock itself. She stared at the head and the little slit. Was it watching her? Did it have a mind of its own?

Some men seemed driven by the will of their cocks. Maybe Grant was no different, but the will of his powerful cock was like an aura that was so strong it attracted any woman who came near it. She bent her head and took the head of his cock into her mouth.

"Oh yeah," Grant said with a sigh.

Bev looked up at him. His head was laid back on the sofa, and his eyes were watching her. There was something so personal, so intimate about looking into a man's eyes when she had his cock in her mouth. The only thing better was watching his face when he was cumming down her throat.

She moved her head over the end of his cock a few times. Her jaw was stretched open pretty good. She sucked it deeper, just to give it a test.

The shaft forced her jaw open even wider. Her tongue was squashed flat. The tip of the head touched the soft flesh at the back of her mouth and made her gag, but she fought it down. This was going to be more difficult than she thought. She pulled his cock out of her mouth and coughed again and again, letting her saliva drip on the carpet.

"Bev, take it easy. Don't choke on it," Lizzie said.

"I'm all right. I'm just going to have to take it slower."

"What are you trying to do?" Grant said.

"Take your cock down my throat," Bev said, and touched her neck.

"Just take it easy. It's not worth killing yourself," Lizzie said.

Bev laughed. "I'd love to hear you explain that to the paramedics."

"Ha ha. Very funny."

Bev giggled. It was fun to atagonize Lizzie. Sometimes she took things so seriously, but then, she was young and little things were still a big deal.

Grant was breathing hard and watching her. For him she had a special treat, if she could only manage to overcome her gagging.

She stuck her tongue out and licked the side of the shaft. Grant moaned. He had big, fat balls, like they were swollen with cum that needed to be released. She licked them too, and felt the muscles of his groin flutter and flinch.

She worked up the shaft with her tongue, tracing the lines of the thick veins with the tip. Her mouth was watering and she let her saliva run back down the shaft into his sparse pubic hair.

At the head she stretched her jaw wide again and took the end between her bright red lips. She bobbed her head slow and easy. This time she would give herself a chance to relax before she attempted to take it deeper.

Out of the corner of her eyes she saw Lizzie stand up and start to remove her clothes. With Grant's cock in her mouth she could only turn her head a slight bit to watch.

Lizzie removed her light blouse and laid it over the back of the chair. The dark tattoo of the eagle with its wings spread on her shoulder contrasted with her white bra. It was a size too small and squeezed her plump breasts so they looked like they were going to burst out of the bra any second.

She turned her back to remove her shorts, as if for Grant's benefit, to let him get a good look at her ass and the spiral, tendril-like tattoo on her lower back, just above the line of her white panties. The contrast matched her personality, lacy and delicate at the first look, but rough and dark underneath.

Lizzie turned around again and Bev glanced up at Grant. He was staring. She could imagine what he was thinking. Lizzie had a full, shapely young woman's figure with a hint of firm muscle tone. He was thinking it was a shame that this girl didn't like to do it with guys.

Lizzie sat down, lifted one leg over the arm of the chair so that the crotch of her tiny panties stretched over her mound, and stuck her hand down the front of her panties. Bev giggled around Grant's cock. That was one of the things she loved about her. She was never afraid to show off for an audience.

Bev took a deep breath, ready to go down hard on Grant when the cell phone in her purse chirped.

"Shit," she said, with the head of his cock touching her lower lip.

Lizzie got the phone out of her purse and looked at the display.

"It's Burt," she said.

Bev let out a big sigh and rolled her eyes.

"Figures," she said and took the phone from Lizzie. She flipped it open and pushed the blue button. "Hello?"

It was Burt. He talked to her, but she could barely hear what he said. How could anyone expect her to pay attention when she had Grant's cock towering over her like the totem of the penis god? She held the phone to her ear with one hand and closed her other hand around Grant's cock with her other.

"No, I'm shopping for shoes," she said, and rolled her eyes. Why couldn't Burt make a decision on his own without always having to consult her?

"Get the kids something to eat. I don't care. Take them to Carters. Don't bring them home before nine. I wanna take a bath when I get home and I don't wanna have to listen to them yelling ... I don't care. Take them to the mall or something ... No, not that mall. That's where I am ... Ok. Goodbye ... Love you too."

She pushed the red button to end the call and shook her head.

"I love the man, really I do, but I swear, sometimes he can be such a moron," she said, and handed the phone back to Lizzie.

"I don't know why you stay with him. It's obvious you've outgrown him," Lizzie said.

Bev looked at Grant. He seemed a bit uneasy being in the room for this conversation.

"I do still love him," she said.

"Are you guys gonna get a divorce?" Grant said.

Bev cleared her throat. He hadn't shown he could be that blunt before.

"Not today. I still have work to do. Lizzie, come over here, please."

She got up and stood next to her. Bev patted the sofa next to Grant.

"Have a seat with Grant. I'd like to show him a few things."

"Ok."

She sat down beside Grant and smiled at him. He suddenly looked too nervous to smile back.

"Let's take your panties off," Bev said.

She reached for the thin straps at her hips and pulled the panties all the way down her legs. She dropped them on top of Grant's jeans.

"Show him how to play with your pussy."

Lizzie face lit up with a bright smile.

"Ok. Give me your hand," she said, and grabbed his nearest hand. She stuck it between her spread legs. "Rub right here with your middle finger. Ooo, that feels nice. You've done this before, haven't you?"

"Not much," he said.

Lizzie reached over and scrubbed her fingers through his hair.
