 Mason came into the store about 11pm, having decided to work the overnight shift for the 24 hour fast-food restaurant he had just recently become manager of.

Having come in through the back, he could go into his office without anyone noticing. He was watching the camera placed on the front lobby. The first things he noticed were the redhead and the blonde who were working the front register and the drive-through. Both of them were gorgeous and both of them were stacked. They made the fitted purple and teal uniform top look really good, as well as the purple, tight fitting pants. Both their zippers were low, revealing a healthy amount of ample cleavage. 

The blonde was shift leader, so he got up, leaned out his door and called her to come to his office. Her name was Crystal.

She came pretty fast, and he closed the door behind her as she walked in.

"Have a seat." Mason said, patting a space next to him on the brown leatherette loveseat.

Crystal dropped into the spot without hesitation and Mason noticed how her breasts jiggled as she did. He smiled.

"I'm going to be working tonight with you, okay?"

She nodded and smiled. "That's good. I wanted to meet you."

He slid closer to her. "You did?"

"Yes." She watched him, smiling as she followed the path his eyes were taking over her. "Tani said you were cute."

"Tani? Ah yes, the day shift leader." Tani had been fun.

"She said she really likes working when you're on."

Mason put his arm around Crystal's shoulders. "Good. I like Tani. She's a very good employee."

Crystal looked at him. He smiled down at her, gazing into the deep cleavage between her large breasts. "I think you'll be a very good employee too."

Crystal nodded. "I want to be."

Mason leaned into her and covered her mouth with his, his free hand cupping her breast and caressing it. Crystal moaned, squirming, as he used the arm around her shoulder to press her into him. He pulled the zipper of her top down to her waist, pulling it open. Crystal gasped, as he moved his mouth down to nibble at her neck before licking between her breasts, and grabbing them and squeezing them. Crystal was going to say something, but instead gasped again and moaned. Mason began to nibble the soft flesh swelling from the cups of her silky teal bra, twisting the tips of her nipples through the thin fabric. She squealed and he chuckled, pushing one cup down, and moaning slightly as her breast sprang free. He caressed it, manipulating her flesh with his fingers before he lowered his mouth to her nipple and began sucking.

Crystal groaned, squirming, thrusting her chest up, into his face.

Mason quickly unfastened the front-hook of her bra, freeing her other breast. He reared back a moment to take in the sight of Crystal's gorgeous naked breasts, quivering with each panting breath she drew, nipples hard and raised, begging to be sucked. "You've got some great tits, Crystal." he muttered, tweaking one.

She squealed.

He chuckled again, and began sucking on her second breast, playing and squeezing the first. Crystal continued to writhe beneath him, moaning and gasping softly. "Yes." Crystal breathed then, "Suck me... please..."

He grinned, sucking her harder. Crystal groaned loudly then, squirming. Thrusting a hand under the waistband of her pants, he found his way into the thin panties she was wearing and into her pussy. She was very wet and hot, which made him chuckle. Raising his head, he pulled out his hand, and made quick work of her sneakers and pants. Her panties were a teal silk thong, and soaking wet by now.

He went back to working her tits, which brought fresh groans and gasps from her, sliding one hand into her soaking wet panties, and up into the slick warmth of her pussy. Thrusting one finger inside her, he was rewarded with a loud gasp and groan, and a bucking of her hips. Pushing in two, then three fingers, Crystal gasped louder, thrusting against his hand. He continued to suck and bite at her now bouncing breasts, feeling his cock twitching, hard against the restraints of his pants, aching to get out and into Crystal's hot, wet pussy.

He yanked off her panties, and pulled back from her intoxicating tits. "You're hot and wet already, Crystal." he said. "You like fucking?"

Crystal moaned softly. "Oh yes. Will you fuck me now?"

Mason stood up, rubbing his cock through his pants. "Sure. First though, I want you to promise you're not going to wear a bra under your uniform, and no panties for a week. I want you to be available to me whenever I want." His cock twitched at the idea.


Crystal nodded. "Okay. Will you fuck me now?"

Shucking his pants, he slid back onto the couch with her and pulled off his underwear, relishing Crystal's moan as he uncovered his hard, thick cock.

"Ooh..." Crystal breathed, running her fingers over him, making him groan. "I like that...." She licked her lips, playing absently with one ample tit. "I want to suck it. Fuck my mouth first?"

Mason growled. "Yeah. Do it." He grabbed her head, forcing her down to his engorged cock. She giggled, giving him chills and making his cock jerk, slid to the floor between his legs, and covered his cock with her mouth. She began to suck him immediately, rubbing her tongue over the silky warm flesh, stroking him with one hand as she got him good and slick, the other hand finding its way down between her legs. She began plunging four fingers into herself as she slid him between her lips, slowly at first, suckling his flesh, enjoying his groans and short spasms, then gradually faster, until she was slurping him loudly, plunging him in as deeply as she could, her chin banging against his balls. Her other hand worked herself, slapping wetly against the soft, thick, hot flesh between her legs.

Mason was thrusting hard, fucking her mouth, but determined not to come until he was inside that hot, dripping wet pussy of hers first.

Finally he got the control to grab her head by her voluminous waves of blonde hair, yank her head back and groan, "No... I want to come in you."

Crystal nodded, gasping and licking her lips. "F-Fuck me hard..." she breathed. "I like it rough..."

He smiled, and grabbed her, shoving her up against his desk, presenting her round pink backside to his solid, engorged member. Grabbing her hips, he slammed himself into her pussy, relishing the scream and moan that came from her. He began to move, banging her with his own hips, his balls slapping against her ass with each thrust. She groaned and squirmed beneath him, and he could see her breasts shaking as he pounded into her. They banged against the debris on his desk, her nipples brushing endlessly against the keys of his computer keyboard. She was gasping, screaming and squirming as he fucked her, begging him to do it harder and harder.

He accommodated her, pounding her pussy with his hard cock, watching her writhe, enjoying the feel of her, wet, tight, slick, and very, very hot. He groaned, feeling the height of the pleasure coming on. He thrust faster and harder, Crystal's paintings and screaming taking on a hoarse note, which he noted with immense pleasure and satisfaction. She was still squirming and thrusting against him.

"Fuck me... oh yeah... harder, harder, harder! Please... please.... fuck... please, oh... fuck... FUCK!"

He lost it then, and came, filling her up with his come, continuing to slam until he couldn't take the sensation any longer. Crystal groaned, squirming, and finally he pulled himself out.

She slumped atop his desk, and he dropped back onto the sofa.

Finally, Mason said, "You're a good little fuck, Crystal. A very good employee."

She quivered on his desk, and pushed herself up, turning around. He grinned at her as she removed her top and bra, sat next to him on the sofa, and began kissing his face and neck, her hand wrapping around his limp member and caressing it. "I can be even better. You can fuck me again. Whenever you want. I'm better than Tani."

He chuckled, and tweaked her nipple. "You're a good fuck, Crystal. Not right now, though. Put your uniform back on, without the panties or the bra, remember."

Crystal sighed. "Are you sure? I can suck you off while you work."

He smiled. "You have work to do, Crystal. When I need you, I'll let you know."

She slowly pulled on her pants, then put her top back on, slowly zipping it until her breasts spilled from it like melons, and rubbed those tits up against him. Mason looked down and them and licked his lips. "Crystal, you're teasing me. As good as your big tits are, and as much as I love playing with them, you have to be a good girl, and put them away for now. Go back to work."

Sighing, Crystal slowly covered each breast, zipped her top up a little, giving a nice view of her cleavage, and stood up.

Mason grinned. "Go work now."

She licked her lips. "Anytime you want me..."

He nodded.

She opened the door and slid out.

***

Jon watched Crystal go into the back for more napkins. She'd been restless since the manager called her into the back. He followed her. She wasn't wearing a bra now, and he was pretty convinced she didn't have panties on either. Just looking at her, with her zipper practically down to her waist was making him hot. And a couple of other customers, who were his friends, had noticed her ample tits too. They mentioned them to him on his break.

He walked up behind her, and touched her shoulder.

"Hey, Crystal."

She looked at him, flushed and a little breathless. "Jon. Hi."

He gazed longingly at the exposed flesh of her tits. "Something up with you?"

Her breath came a little faster. "Yeah." She stepped closer to him.

He could smell her now, musky, sexy perfume and sex. "You fucked the new manager, didn't you?"

She stepped closer to him. "Does it matter to you?"

He looked at her. "Naw. Can I touch your tits?"

She brushed her breasts up against him. "Ooohh..." she moaned softly, "Yeah..."

He grabbed her top and pulled it open, running his hands over the large, soft globes with their deep pink nipples, whose tips were hardening in his hands. She groaned loudly. "Oooohhhhh.... yeah.... that feels sooo good...."

Jon felt his body spasm and his cock was straining against his jeans. He ran his rough hands harder over her soft, trembling tits. "God Crystal, you're so hot..."

She pressed into him. "I need fucked again... I'm so turned on... I can't think... all I can think about is sex..."

Jon groaned. With one hand, he yanked her pants down, and with the other, pushed her up against the storage room wall. His fingers brushed over the silky dampness of her pussy, and he groaned again, louder. With the same hand, he pulled open the front of his jeans, and pulled his cock out as quickly as he could. Crystal's hands found him, and pushed his jeans and underwear down, giving his member much more freedom. She squealed as she wrapped her hand around his hardness. "You're so big and hard... I need that in me, fill me up with your big, thick cock, Jon..."

Jon's fingers found her, and poked inside, three, four, five... he bent a little to shove his hand into her, hearing her gasp and squeal, and he groaned himself, fucking her with his hand first, watching those huge tits bounce almost hypnotically. Finally, he pulled his hand out and moved to shove his cock into her.

Crystal groaned, guiding him in, feeling her body stretch to accommodate that thick, hard shaft. She thrust her hips against him, gasping, as Jon began to knead and suck her tits. She didn't even have her uniform completely off. Each thrust pushed her against the wall. "Hard..." she growled in his ear, "Fuck me hard Jon! I'm so full of you... fuck me hard! Hard!"

He snarled back, slamming into her, making her tits slap against his face. Her nipples were hard and swollen, and he began nipping at them, enjoying her cries of pleasure as he continued to pound.

On the camera placed in the storage area, Mason watched the whole scene with a smile. He was getting hard again just watching them, and was considering calling Crystal in to take care of it when she was done, when on another monitor, he saw the auburn-haired front cashier talking to a group of college guys. A couple of them were touching her, trying to cop a feel. She was going along with it while trying to take their order, but it was difficult. One guy got a good squeeze of her breast and she gasped, but didn't slap him or look mad. She smiled and giggled a little.

"C'mon, Amber. Just a little look?" the guy said, "It would make our night. There's nobody else around right now. Give us a show."

Amber giggled again. "I'd get in trouble."

Another guy grinned. "No you won't. I hear the new manager likes pretty girls working for him. He'd probably like a look at those gorgeous tits of yours too."

Amber looked around. "Maybe." she said slowly, playing with her zipper.

There were five or so guys, and they all began trying to convince her. She pulled the zipper down an inch or so, and her confined breasts began to push out of the tight uniform top.

"Oh yeah..." one of the guys said, reaching out to caress the flesh that was slowly revealing itself. "Come on baby..."

Amber moaned a little, pulling the zipper down a little more.

Mason found himself leaning over, watching with interest, as the sounds of Jon and Crystal's fucking came to him from monitor #3.

Slowly, Amber pulled the zipper down, revealing two large D cups covered in a violet satin demi-bra. The guys groaned a little, and Amber giggled, making them chuckle. The guy caressing her moved his hand quickly, and unsnapped the catch in the front of her bra, and Amber's exquisite tits popped out, to her gasp and the cheers of the guys.

Mason grinned, watching her.

Someone had a camera and took a picture.

Amber blinked, then smiled, her nipples immediately hardening.

The guy who had unfastened her was beginning to grope her, as was the other guy who'd successfully copped a feel, and Amber was moaning as they worked her tits, beginning to squirm a little behind the counter.

Mason wondered if they just might all try to grope her in the lobby of the store, or maybe try a gang-bang? He thought that would be really interesting, but maybe not so good for business. Of course, it was 2 am by now, and the windows of the store were shuttered, but the door was still open.

A couple more pictures were snapped as one of the guys bent to suckle her tit, and another moved in to grope her, while one climbed over the counter and came up behind her. She moaned, squirming, when he pressed himself to her ass, and began to push her pants down.

Mason chuckled. At least one was going to try to fuck her.

She wriggled as her pants were removed and her panties were yanked down. "Ooohh... no, don't try to.... ooohhh god!" The guy behind her had sunk his fingers deep into her wet pussy, and she was squirming again, moaning incoherently as some two guys were now noisily sucking her tits, and the guy behind her was probing her with his fingers, pushing deep into her and twiddling her clit at the same time. She was leaning over the counter now, presenting an enticing picture for the guy with the camera, who was snapping pictures left and right. Mason figured the camera was a digital one by all the pictures that he was taking.

"Oooohhhh...." Amber moaned again, "No... don't fuck me... I'll get in trouble..."

The guy behind her chuckled. "I don't think you will. You're giving him too hot of a show, Amber. Let me fuck you, then the other guys will. Your new manager ought to love that."

Amber groaned, squirming. "We're in public..." She squealed as one of the guys sucking her nipped her. "I... ooohhh, yes, that's it... no... I-I can't... yes! Oh god! Yes! OH... FUCK..." She began writhing, twitching and spasming as the guy behind her expertly worked her pussy and clit. The other guys chuckled, watching, while the one with the camera climbed over the counter and started snapping pictures of the guy fisting her and playing with her clit. He slammed his hand into her, making her scream each time, bouncing her tits.

Mason had freed his cock and was rubbing it, watching. 

Crystal and Jon had changed positions and were still fucking each other.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!" Amber screamed, and came, hot liquid gushing out of her pussy all over the hand of the man fisting her. He laughed, dropped his pants and slammed his thick, hard cock into her with no delay. Amber screamed again, squirming. After only a few minutes of intense pounding, he came, Amber came again, and the other guys were beginning to look very uncomfortable.

Amber was squirming as her tits were still sucked and squeezed, and as the guy behind her withdrew, the guy with the camera came up, and still clicking, hilted himself in her dripping, hot pussy. She groaned, squirming as she was fucked from behind a second time, and came again fast and hard.

There were three guys left, the ones playing with her tits, and as the second guy to get satisfied pulled out, the one who groped her first grabbed her and helped her up onto the serving counter next to her register.

He grinned. "You still have three more customers to serve, Amber." he chuckled, dropping his pants and climbing up next to her. She grinned. "Service with a smile." and began kissing him. They kissed and groped for a few minutes, completely aware of the greedy eyes of the two currently unserved customers and the satiated eyes of the satisfied ones, then he rolled her on top of him and entered her with a hard push. She gasped and wiggled a little, then began to rock on top of him, groaning a little. Then one of the other guys climbed up behind her, unfastening his jeans and withdrawing his cock, as the other brought over a chair, mounted it, opened his pants, and presented his member to Amber's hot, panting lips. She immediately began sucking him, as he rocked and groaned, the back of the chair braced against the counter. The man beneath her grabbed her swollen breasts and began to knead and twist them, as the guy behind Amber buried himself in her ass.

Amber's scream of surprise and pleasure came out as a muffled groan, making the guy in her mouth groan as well, and the three of them began pumping her, slowly at first, then gaining speed until all four of them were panting, grunting and groaning with effort and pleasure.

Mason groaned and let go, coming all over his leather chair, as he continued to watch Amber service her customers.

Finally the guy in her pussy came, then the guy in her mouth, then the guy in her ass. Amber moaned loudly as she was filled to the hilt with come. She swallowed, continuing to suckle the cock in her mouth until the young man couldn't take any more and reluctantly pulled out. She kissed him as he slid free, and dropped her head to kiss the man under her. They kissed deeply for a while, as the guy behind her pulled free. She was crouched on top of the guy, with him deep inside her as she finally stopped kissing, and rolled off of him. He sat up and grinned at her.

"I like the service here." he said, tweaking Amber's tits. "Very friendly."

Amber smiled. "I like to satisfy my customers."

"I'll say." Mason said, leaning against the wall, by the door leading to the back offices.

Amber jumped up.

Mason smiled. "Don't worry. You're not in trouble."

"Really?" Amber said as the guys scrambled to get back in their clothing.

Mason looked at her with amusement and lust. "Are the customers happy?"

Amber grinned. "Yes."

"Then there's not a problem."

The college boys left several 20s on the counter and left, waving at Amber. Amber started to fix her clothing.

"Wait." Mason picked up the money. "Don't do that yet."

Amber looked at him.

"Don't wear a bra or panties under your uniform." He picked up her panties from the floor and smiled. "Our customers are mostly guys from the college, and obviously they appreciate nice tits and a fine ass on a girl. Let's make sure they're happy."
