 Chapter 2 – Cast off

I don't know if she was ashamed of having been so unabashedly seductive, or if she'd found a way to get Paul to help more, or even if she'd figured a way to get by on her own. Regardless, I didn't see Sandra for several weeks after our dalliance.

One day, as I was returning home from work, I saw her working in her front garden. From the end of the street I could see she was wearing shorts and what looked like a tank top. My balls rolled at the thought of what that shirt must have been struggling to contain. The closer I got, however, the less it looked like a tank top, and the more it looked like a bikini top. As I passed her I nearly hit a parked car as I pulled into my driveway.

I work nearly an hour from home, and hadn't taken a leak before I left. The semi-hard-on I now had helped restrain the need, somewhat, but I really needed to go. As soon as I got out of the car I made a bee-line for the bathroom. I was hoping to drain my bladder and get back outside before Sandra finished her gardening.

I really had to go, however, and REALLY enjoyed the warm rushing sensation that came from nearly a ½ gallon of 98.6 degree fluid coursing through my semi-turgid prick. By the time I finally finished, I had a full on hard-on. I decided to relax and let the warm full feeling embrace my rod & reel for a few minutes. When I finally relaxed and tucked my schlong back in my pants I figured Sandra was probably back inside. I didn't bother to zip up, since I was now thinking of getting my swim suit on and taking a dip to cool off.

No sooner had I stepped out of the bathroom, however, and I heard the doorbell ring. It startled me and in the confusion of trying to figure out if it was the front or back door, I forgot my fly was still down.

"Two bells ... back door??. " I thought to myself as I headed for the back door.

No one there... What the ... "Bing ... Bing ..." came the bell again ...

"Ah HA!! They pushed the front bell twice", I thought reversing course and heading to the front door.

As I turned the corner out of the kitchen and approached the front door, I could clearly see two things; One, it was Sandra, and two, it was neither a tank top nor a bikini top ... it looked like two swaths of cloth she'd tied behind her neck, draped over her tits, and tucked into her shorts. I was instantly hard again.

Still not realizing my fly was down; I opened the door and fairly gawked at her outfit.

"Hey, " I said, trying to seem like I was looking at her cast-less leg. "You're out of the cast."

"I'm surprised you noticed." She replied.

I looked up, confused ...

"It only came up to my hip. My legs aren't THAT long."

I'm pretty sure I blushed ...

"Yeah, well, that's some outfit ..." I trailed off as I returned checking her out.

The 'outfit' was, in fact, a yellow one piece bathing suit. The front had a very deep 'V' neck and came together just above her belly button. It was tied behind her neck and had no back that I could see. With her shorts on I couldn't tell if there was anything more to it than that.

What I COULD tell was that it must have been a suit she'd had 'B.K.' (Before Kids). It was easily two sizes too small. The fabric was stretched to the tearing point by her enormous knockers. The bulge of her boobs spread well beyond the edge of the fabric and pushed out more than an inch beyond the line of her rib cage. The A/C from the house must have given her a chill, because her nipples appeared about ready to poke clean through the fabric.

For some reason it didn't occur to me that my pants didn't feel at all restricted. This view would normally have made it painful to be standing up.

" ... Hmm, I'm glad you like it. I came over to return the rake my delinquent husband borrowed like a month ago, but given that tent in your shorts maybe I'll step in and get out of this heat."

In a sort of slow motion 'OMG' I realized she was, in fact, holding my rake and I was, in fact, protruding several inches out the front of my pants.

"Oh My God ...", exclaimed as I spun around and tried, in vain, to tuck my rod back into my pants. "Oh Shit, I can't believe I ... Oh My God ..." I was still trying to get it to shrink enough so I could shove it back in and zip up without slicing through it with the zipper.

While I was babbling on about how embarrassed I was, she must have stepped in and closed the door. The next thing I knew she was on her knees in front of me, insisting I had nothing to be ashamed of.

In one clean, confident motion she reached though the gap in the front of my boxers and pulled out my, by now, throbbing erection.

"Hmmm, I wanted to taste this the last time, but that cast made it impossible to kneel down. Now that I can, I'm gonna suck your balls clean through this shaft."

And with that announcement she began. 

Either she was very experienced, or she'd been thinking about it for a long time.

She positioned one hand under my rod, my member protruding between the crotch of her thumb and forefinger, her palm pushing in against my balls. With her other hand she was gently, even delicately, stroking my pole with her fingertips. Her thumb rubbed lightly against my urethra, while her fingers gently stroked the top of my shaft. My purple helmet strained for attention.

I felt my penis swell and stretch and bulge until I thought it was going to pop, and she hadn't taken me into her mouth yet.

"Oh, fuck!!!" I exclaimed. "Oh, Fuck!!! Oh, FUCK!!!"

"Hmm, dude, I haven't even started yet."

"Noooo fffFucking Kidding ... Uhhhh!!!" I fairly wailed as my loins screamed.

Without warning she lifted my rod and shoved her nose in under my balls. As she pulled her face out of my crotch I felt her plaster her tongue against my scrotum. Reflexively I felt my ball sack pull up tight as she let her tongue spread wide across my gonads. She paused and looked up long enough for me to observe my fully turgid member stretched out across her face, the tip of my prick oozing per-cum into her hair.

Slowly she began to draw her tongue up my balls, her saliva lubricating the way. I could feel her spit run down my sack and collect in the hair at the bottom of my scrotum. Just as it felt like it was going to drip off, she cupped her hand under my nuts and began to swirl them like two marbles. All the while she continued her slow climb up the underside of my pole.

The swirling of my balls helped them to relax and drop down, long and loose. She tickled the fine hairs in my crotch which tingled as her finger tips gently worked the gap between my scrotum and anus in perfect unison with her mouth. 

Her tongue still spread wide, she painted my urethra with her spit. By the time her tongue finally reached my purple helmet, I was completely lost in the ecstasy of the moment. It was all I could do to keep from blasting my load straight up her nose. In that instant, as I was teetering on the edge of delirium, I watched in slow motion as she opened her mouth wide and consumed my cock whole.

I watched, transfixed, as she steadily drew my shaft deep into her throat then, with her tongue again painting the underside of my pole, slowly withdrew my rod until she was practically kissing the very tip. Like a well balance engine her lips parted and slid over my pole as she drew it back in to repeat the motion.

For what must have been minutes, she knelt before my, mechanically bobbing her head back and forth. Each time leaving more spit on the underside of my pole. As she drew my rod in her lips would squeegee her saliva down my cock, until it pooled at the base and ran down my scrotum. After several minutes a puddle had formed in her hand that was still swirling my balls and tickling my crotch. My sack was practically submerged in her spit.

As if the build up wasn't enough; as if the sensations in my painfully swollen manhood weren't causing me to struggle to see straight; as if the entire situation wasn't already playing out in the rawest, most electrically charged erotic scene; as I felt the tip of my rod reach deep into her throat once again, she swallowed.

I became a quivering mass of orgasmic ecstasy. I completely lost all control of my body and knew I was about to explode and spew deep into her throat. 

In the split second before I finally did come, I saw something move out of the corner of my eye. Turning my eyes away from the sight of Sandra's nose buried in my pubic hair I looked back to the front door.

As I felt my prostate expand and draw in the first load of cum, I realized there was someone standing at the door watching.

As I felt my prostate reach maximum volume, I realized (with relief) it was a woman looking in at us.

As my prostate began to contract our eyes met and I recognized her as the single MILF Tina from three doors down.

My eyes rolled back in my head as I felt my prostate violently contract and the base of my member shudder. Hot goo burned my rod as the pressure propelled it up and out of my loins. Like a two stage rocket, my cock expanded to accept the infusion of cum, then contracted to help speed it on its way. My cockhead erupted with such force I heard Sandra sputter as my pole spat cum into the back of her throat.

My eyes stayed closed as my body convulsed from the intensity of that first blast. I reveled in the knowledge it wasn't over yet. 

Again my prostate expanded and drew in yet another load of goo. My eyes still closed, another wave of convulsions ripped through my loins. Over and over my body convulsed and spouted blast after blast of hot goo into Sandra's throat.

After what seemed like an hour of cumming my prostate finally relaxed. Sandra continued to squeeze and lap at my cock head, consuming every drop she could extract from my rod.

"Oh, FUCK!" I exclaimed. "THAT was, without a doubt, the best cock sucking I have EVER experienced."

I took a deep breath before I continued, " I don't know if it was your expert attention or the fact we had an audience..."

It took a second for it to register; she must have been really enjoying my spunk...

"Well, I must say you do have some really tasty ... Wait, an audience??"

As she said this her head spun 'round towards the door. She had a horrified look on her face as if expecting to see Paul standing there. She relaxed when she realized who our audience had been.

She sat back on her heals and said,

"Well don't just stand there with your cock hanging out, let the poor girl in, for God's sake."

I don't know how I managed it but, cock still hanging out, I let Tina in...

"I saw the rake by the front door," she said, as she stepped in, eyes transfixed on my still twitching, semi-hard member.

"... didn't want someone to take it so I ... God I hope you've got some left for me ..."

I was pretty sure I did.