 The caller ID said it was Paul.

"Shit, not again ..." I muttered as I answered the phone.

It wasn't, it was his wife, Sandra. 

"I hate to bother you for this, but I really need some help," she said sounding very exasperated. "Paul is out of town and doesn't get home until late tomorrow night, and I don't know how I could get Jason or David (her kids) to help me with this."

Her last comment seemed odd, but I didn't dwell on it. "Maybe she needs help washing a load of delicates," I thought as I headed over.

Sandra had been in a cast for almost six weeks after some knee surgery and had a cast that extended from her toes to her hip. Walking on it was out of the question and she needed help doing just about everything. Her family had been helping as much as they could, but they had exhausted their resources and were gone. She was now more or less on her own since Paul worked and her kids were always off 'somewhere'.

I went around to the back and let myself in...

"Hello...?" I called out

"In here..." came her reply.

I went towards were her voice had come from. As I did I realized she wasn't were I had expected her to be. 

"Where are you?" I called out as I moved into the house.

"... in the bathroom." She called back.

I stopped moving for a minute as the possible scenes of what I was about to walk into scrolled through my head.

In the space of less than a second I had envisioned her sitting on the toilet, fallen on the floor, standing in the shower and laying in the tub. As I began to move toward the bathroom I was trying to determine what was about to happen. Little did I realize ...

I was holding my breath as I rounded the corner into the bathroom and sighed with relief as I realized she was not in any of the compromising positions I had envisioned. She was standing, leaning against the sink, wearing a long, heavy terry-cloth bathrobe.

"Ah, what's up?" I asked still a little nervous

"I have GOT to get a shower or I'm going to go nuts. I can't get this F---in' cast wet so I've been stuck just washing with a wash cloth and I feel like I'm completely gross!!!" 

It was very obvious she was on the verge of tears. I could see the stress in her eyes and in her tone of voice.

"You mean Paul hasn't helped you with this?" I asked as I took the plastic garbage bag from her.

"Paul!" she said with palpable disgust, "He's about as helpful as a prison guard! He treats me like a condom that does laundry and cooks! I don't even bother with him anymore. I wouldn't be surprised if he's off with another woman right now."

"WOW!!," I thought to myself, She is PISSED.

As she continued to spout venom about her delinquent husband, I began to get the plastic bag opened and ready for her to slip her casted leg into. I knew Paul didn't have a woman on the side, but I did know of one escapade he'd had. I wasn't about to tell Sandra about it, though.

"...I don't remember when I've had so much as a foot massage from that man" she finished.

I was now in position to slide the bag up her leg. I held it out for her to slip her foot into and as she brought her cast leg forward the lower portion of her robe came open and her leg slipped out. For the next few seconds my mind was a whirl of mixed thoughts as I maneuvered the bag up her leg...

"WOW, she has great legs..."

"... I've always thought she had a great ass, nice set of knockers too.."

"... Ooh what a retard, Paul you don't deserve this woman..."

"... Good grief, she deserves to be taken care of..."

All these thoughts, and more, were swirling through my head as I carefully slid the bag up her cast. When I got it up over her knee she had to let her robe open more so I could get the bag over the top of the cast and seal it at the top. I could now see above the top of her thigh. It took a second before it registered, but when it did I almost choked.

She wasn't wearing any underwear. She was naked at least from the waist down. 

She must have been watching for my reaction because, when I hesitated for a second she jumped right in...

"I can't get any of my panties on over this god damn thing, so I haven't been wearing any."

As I was mumbling my understanding, she let her robe open a bit more. I was breathless. I was eye level with the most beautiful pussy I had ever seen. She had it neatly trimmed into a nearly perfect tear-drop patch of fur. The tip of the tear-drop pointed directly at the gentle crease that marked the front of her labia.

I was breathless. She didn't stop.

The next thing I knew, her bathrobe was in a pile at her feet. I was (almost) afraid to look up.

I had seen Sandra in a bathing suit. I knew she was a very well endowed woman, a full 'D-cup' or better. I also knew she kept her self fairly fit, but not too fit. Her large chest stood firmly on it's own, but shook like Jello filled zip-locks as she moved. She had a sexy belly and full round ass that capped well toned thighs. She was, in a word, perfect. As a result my dick was now curled up painfully in my jeans.

Without missing more than a beat, or two, I stood up, pulling the plastic bag up with me. I let the back of my hand brush gently against her bush as I rose, and let my eyes devour her nakedness. She took the plastic from my hand and allowed me to step back and admire the full picture. It was at once both pathetic and highly erotic.

Pathetic because she had a pouty, seductive look on her face that made me want to possess her on the spot. At the same time she looked extremely vulnerable with her leg in a cast wrapped in a plastic bag. The combination gave the impression of a woman that was in desperate need of some physical attention, while at the same time in no position to participate. I found all this highly erotic because I was more than happy to do all the work.

I took a step forward and, at the same time, grabbed her pussy and planted my mouth on hers. Not only did she not resist, but she groaned and both leaned into my grasp and reached around and pulled my head closer to her. My cock was now screaming for release. We held that position for over a minute. The only movement was from me working my hand to get my middle finger slipped between here feminine folds. She made it slightly easier by loosening her legs, but standing on one leg, with the other in a full length cast, made that somewhat hard to do.

When we finally broke our embrace we were both breathing hard.

"I better get this bag sealed if we're going to get you into the shower." I stated matter of factly.

"Yeah..." was all she could manage.

She had never indicated she wanted me to do anything more than what I'd done, but I was now set on doing much more.

She confirmed I was on the right track when she said,

"We better get you out of these cloths if you're going to wash my back."

I was just finishing with sealing the bag to the top of her leg as I said,

"Is that ALL you want washed?"

She got a wicked grin and said, "H'm, now that you mention it, I do have some other parts that need cleaning."

I kicked off my shoes and socks, as she finished un-buttoning my shirt and pushed it off my shoulders. I undid my belt buckle and dropped both my pants and shorts to the floor. She must have been eagerly waiting for me to do that because she immediately grabbed my shaft with both hands and let out a deep, primal moan.

"Oooohh... I haven't had a cock like this in WAY too long." She breathed.

"Hmm," I replied. "Hope it's everything you remember."

Her only response was to pull my rod and begin brushing the tip against the tip of her tear-drop bush. Doing so caused a sudden violent contraction in my groin and the tip of my cock felt like I'd touched it with acid. It fairly stung.

"Holy SHIT," I exclaimed as my cock twitched and convulsed. "Oh fuck, what is that pussy made of?"

"Hmm, sugar and spice and Everything nice..." She drew out the word 'everything' with a low groaning breath and fairly hissed the word 'nice'

"Well I think I just got a feel for the spice. Good grief I just about shot my load."

"Hm, that's ok, you'd just have to clean that up too." She said with a low purr in her voice. "What'da you say we get started?"

"Hmm, Let's"

As I turned to get the shower hot, she gave my ass a hard, sharp crack that made me jump and yelp. It didn't take too long for the water to get hot and present me with the problem of how to get her into it. She pushed away from the sink and hopped twice to where I was standing.

"Ahg, ga, wahw, wow!!! Can you go back and do that again?" I babbled "I have got to see those boomers do THAT again." I said transfixed by her still wobbling boobs.

"Hhmm, how's this?" she said, laughing as she hopped on one foot.

I held my breath and watched in slow motion as her two huge mammaries rose, separated, rolled to either side and dropped, came together with a soft slap and rose again to repeat the motion. I finally reached up and held them as she hopped again. The mass of flesh I was holding was impressive and I couldn't wait to get my face between them. I squatted slightly, planted my face between her huge hooters, reached around her and clasped my hands together over her ass and lifted her off her feet.

"Yaaie!!!" she exclaimed as her feet left the ground.

I stood there for a minute, my face between her tits, as she squeezed them together with her arms. I could feel her flesh against my ears. My rod was pointed straight out between her calves and she was squeezing it between her cast and calf. That didn't feel too good, though it didn't feel bad either. I decided I could probably get her to smoother me with her tits some other time, so I turned around and gently set her in the shower.

Once she was stable I took a step back to look at her again. She was magnificent, even with a cast on her leg she looked like an erotic vision from my dirtiest wet dream. The shower light, with it's deep red-orange glow, combined with shower walls, covered in large brown faux marble tile, created a striking contrast to the very pale Sandra. The shower light was really more of a night light, so her pale skin glowed against the back-ground of tans and browns.

She was luxuriating in the warm shower. She seemed to be enjoying it as if she hadn't been in one for years and was paying no attention to me, or my hungry gaze. I took the opportunity to thoroughly review her assets.

She was about 5' 9" tall. Based on the color of her tear-drop pussy she obviously wasn't a real blonde, nor did she keep her hair the same color for too long. Currently it was a dirty reddish-blonde and was just long enough dry to reach the middle of her shoulder blades. She was, by now, completely soaked so her hair reached down to just below her shoulder blades.

Her huge chest rose and fell gently as she soaked in the hot shower and I got my first opportunity to view her nipples. From the side they looked fantastic, her large lightly colored areole spreading generously out around a nipple that seemed to protrude ¾". She turned towards me, raising her arms to run her hands over her hair. As she did my penis swelled and stretched to painful proportions as I again reviewed a full frontal view of her naked. Her breasts spread out well beyond the boundary line of her rib cage. Standing firm and round with her arms over her head, they were like two enormous owl eyes staring back at me. I scanned down, across her perfectly feminine belly to her perfectly trimmed pussy, pausing to dream of the aroma I might discover there. Then further down her well toned legs to her ........... cast!!!

"Oh shit." I said softly, "I almost forgot you need your back washed."

"Oh, no hurry," she said, "you can keep ogling me if you want to." She was teasing. As she said that she tried to shake her tits at me, but nearly lost her balance. 

In trying to catch herself she flung her arms out to either side and caught hold of a towel bar. Her final position looked as though she had been strapped to the wall, spread eagle, arms stretched wide. Her tits were still jiggling as I stepped into the shower to help her back up. My dick had preceded me into the shower and we both looked down as the tip of my dick slipped gently between the folds of her labia and stopped just short of her hole.

"Oooo," I breathed, "That's a perfectly awesome sensation!"

"Oh, Yeah!" she replied, "that's what I'm talking about!"

"If it's OK with you, I'd like to do my best to gently and respectfully fuck the shit out of you." I stated.

"Oh, you're going to fuck me, alright .... right after to wash my back," She sassed, as she turned her back to me. M dick dragged it's way around the front of her leg to her ass cheek. I took hold and positioned it between her cheeks pointing at her tailbone, and gave a gentle bump in. This caused her to squeal with delight and I looked around for something to wash her with.

Dick still lodged in her ass crack, luffa and soft soap in hand, I began. 

I squirted a generous amount of soap into the luffa and rolled in between my hands until it had a healthy lather. I started at her neck and shoulders, working from the base of her neck out. I let plenty of soap suds squeeze out and run down the middle of her back to her ass crack. When it got to my, by now throbbing, cock it split paths. Some ran around my cock and continued down between her ass cheeks. The rest ran out along my cock, then around and down to drip from my balls. The sensation to both of us was spectacular. 

As I worked the luffa down her back I realized I was squeezing all the soap out. Rater than take my hands off her, I maneuvered her around and asked her to hand me the soft soap. Between the movement and the giggling created by her having to hop to move my dick lost it's hold on her tailbone and slipped up. I took the opportunity to press myself tighter against her, which caused my shaft to slide further up, and my balls to come to rest where my cock head had been.

"You going to wash me, or rub yourself off on me?" she asked, handing me the bottle of soap.

"Both." I replied. I took the bottle from her with my arms wrapped around the front of her. As I went to squirt the soap onto the luffa, I missed and it squirted all over her tits. I immediately dropped the luffa and grabbed big handfuls of her mammary.

"You did that on purpose." She complained unconvincingly.

"Hmm. Busted" I replied, admiring the double meaning.

For the next few minutes she let me wash and caress any part of her I wanted to, and I wanted it all. I don't know if she came, but I'm sure she thoroughly enjoyed the attention.

Eventually she decided it was time for her to express a proper thank you.

With the water still running hot, she bent over completely at the waist, grabbed my cock from between her legs and guided it to the entrance of her vagina. I couldn't think of a better invitation, and gently pressed in. My pole slipped easily into her hole. I bent my knees, slightly, and pushed firmly up and in until I felt my balls press against the back of her legs.

Since the shower was designed to not need a door or curtain, there was nothing to prevent seeing our reflection in the mirror over the sink. The tall cathedral ceiling in the bathroom meant all the shower steam hadn't fogged the mirror. When I turned to get a look, I was overwhelmed. The shower water was hitting me high between the shoulder blades. Sandra was bent over and was supporting herself from a built in bench. Her cast leg was on the opposite side of our reflection and our other legs were obscuring it from my view.

I was entranced. Her big tits were hanging lewdly from her chest and shoulders. I pulled my cock slowly out and pushed quickly back in, mainly to make her tits begin to swing. The effect, however, was two fold. Her tits did, in fact, begin to sway. At the same time, however, she let out a low, powerful groan that was un-mistakable.

"Don't you dare stop." She said sternly. "You stuck that fucking thing into me and now your going to fuck me with it. Start your fuck pump mister, you got some work to do. OOOOOHh!"

That was the last intelligible thing she said before I began doing as I was told. I watched as if hypnotized as her enormous boobs swung rhythmically in time to the forceful pumping being generated by my thighs and ass. I don't think I so much as blinked as my mind reveled in the feeling of my balls swinging loosely from my loins and slapping audibly against the backs of her legs, the 'plop, plop, plop...' adding to the raw erotic intensity of the situation.

Suddenly, without warning, Sandra came.

She began thrashing her ass back against me as I brought my hips forward to meet her. She began flipping her head around, causing her hair to fling wildly. Her previously un-intelligible vocalizations, became prolong guttural wails. But, best of all, her vaginal muscles began griping and massaging my manhood in ways I'd never experienced before. I could feel my load building to the boiling point, and I was only half interested in stopping it.

"Holy shit Sandy," I exclaimed. "I am going to come in you. Oh, god that feels good. You're gonna milk the cum from my throbbing cock. Oh shit, I'm gonna let loose inside you, oh fuck, oh shit, oh fuck I'm gonna..." and I did.

She didn't miss a beat. She had continued, even intensified, her activity as my prostate convulsed. I felt my entire body explode through my penis. I felt my spunk rocket up my painfully hard cock and burst from my cock head like the first blast of water from a fire hose. My balls pulled up tight to my loins and my prostate convulsed over and over again as I bathed her insides with my goo. Finally, as the last of my load oozed into her, we relaxed. She straightened back up and I held her up by her mammoth mammary.

"Oh fuck!" She finally said, "GOD I needed that. You can wash my back anytime."

"Indeed," I thought, "I intend to."