 I ride the bus to work every day, and it's a pretty long ride into Seattle; traffic is always bad, but the other day something happened that changed the way I'll think about riding the bus forever.

I had some work to catch up on so I left very early in the morning. It was still quite dark when I got on the bus, and there weren't many people on it. I took a seat towards the back hoping to catch a little nap since it takes at least an hour to get to work.

When the bus stopped again a guy sat with me who was pretty cute and his blue eyes sparkled when he smiled at me and said good morning. He was pretty big, and wore a goatee, he had a kind of rugged face, and broad shoulders, and his voice was just dreamy. He settled into the seat, politely leaving me room, and put on his headphones, sat back and closed his eyes. I'm not quite sure what it was, maybe his cologne, maybe his voice, or those eyes, but I felt a stirring between my legs that I couldn't ignore.

I had worn a nice dress that day that showed off my legs, and my favorite sandals that showed off my pretty feet, and I saw him take this all in before he closed his eyes. He inhaled deeply and kind've smiled as if he could smell my wetness, and then he began doing the most amazing thing. He started doing some sort of massage to his hands that just had me spellbound. 

That's when I noticed how big and rugged his hands were, and I watched as the big fingers pressed into the flesh of the opposite hand in the most erotic manner I had ever seen, I had to stifle a moan. I don't know what it was, but I suddenly wanted so badly for those fingers to touch my aching pussy. 

I couldn't believe it! A complete stranger and here I was silently begging him to touch my pussy with those big fingers. Wanting nothing more than to feel them open me up and stir the juices that were welling up inside me. I couldn't take my eyes off him as his hands kneaded each other seductively, the huge thumb caressing the palm of the opposite hand as if it were deep inside me.

He had to notice the way I was wiggling around on that seat as the bus roared out onto the highway and the vibrations sent me to another level of euphoria. But then the bus driver turned off the overhead lights and it seemed that my show was over. I tried to close my eyes and take that nap, but here just inches away was the object of my sudden desire, seething of sexuality. I could feel the heat coming off him, and I let my leg drift over and touch his. He didn't move his leg and I could feel the hard muscles under his jeans against my softness. 

The bus jolted to a stop then and looking out I saw that we were in quite a traffic jam. In the dim light I could see him look out at the traffic and settle back, knowing as I did that this was going to be a very long ride. I made like I was settling in as well and slowly pressed more of myself against him, pretending to drift off to sleep. 

I moved just so and my left breast was brushing against the back of his big arm. Sending electric shocks through my hard nipple as the bus bounced along slowly. I couldn't believe I was practically accosting this man. Had it been the other way around I probably would have been outraged. Yet here I was answering my own animal urges and throwing caution to the wind. 

I pretended to sleep now resting my head right against his shoulder. He didn't move just continued his hand massage, and I could feel the muscles moving as his hands squeezed and released. The lust got the better of me and in my "sleep" I just kind've wrapped my hands around his arm, I didn't have anything to lose and I figured he would just push me away if he didn't like it, but he didn't, he just moved a little to make me more comfortable. What a nice guy. 

My pussy was throbbing now and I didn't care now. I gently tugged his hands apart and brought that big strong hand between my legs as I spread them wider to give him access. He hesitated only momentarily until I blatantly pressed the thick fingers to my burning pussy. 

After that I didn't have to do anything, he knew just what to do. In fact he knew better than I, what my pussy needed. At first he just traced the lips of my pussy through my soaking panties, ever so slowly he caressed the tender skin at the edges of my panties. He seemed to know just where to touch to bring the most pleasure to me. I just slid down further into the seat and held onto his big strong arm as I began to feel the orgasm coming, his fingers dancing over my clit. 

He finally, slowly, tugged my wet panties out of the way and gently opened the folds of my pussy, wetting the tips of his fingers in my juices and using it to lubricate my clit. He stroked the underside of my clit with the tip of his finger and slid it down into my soaking vagina. Back and forth it went, a little deeper each time, slowly working it's way back up to my clit and then back down again. 

I started to clench up with my orgasm when he stopped and whispered to me to breathe with a long exhale of his own, his other hand caressed my face against his arm and I began to breathe with him. Slowly he began to draw the juices out of me again, pressing gently against the top of my opening and sliding the finger out and up to my clit, circling the throbbing tip and then sliding it's way back down just inside. 

Whenever I tried to hold my breath and push out my orgasm he would stop and breathe deeply, silently telling me to breathe, and as I began to breathe again he would caress me again. Suddenly out of nowhere I began to come all over his hand, biting my lip to keep from screaming. 

He continued to stroke me making me come it seemed continuously. Still breathing very slowly and deeply as if guiding me he slipped a second big finger inside me and stirred them around, the two fingers as big as any penis I had ever had in me, making me come even more. It was everything I could do to not scream at the top of my lungs. 

clung to his strong arm and dug my nails into it as orgasm after orgasm rolled over me like a truck. I lost count of how many times I came or how long he did this to me, I just know that this man had made me come with his two fingers probably more times than I had ever come in my whole life all together. 

It had to have been over an hour and a half that I had come almost continuously. I almost started to weep as I clung to him. I don't know if anyone could see, I really didn't care if they did, but he was so discreet, as if he'd done this a hundred times before. 

I guess somewhere there we had made it to Seattle and just before the lights came on he gently removed his fingers from my pussy, caressed it softly and straightened my panties, smoothed my skirt with the back of his hand and smiled down at me and licked his fingers lightly and smiled. As the lights came on I regained my composure and somehow removed myself from his lap basically.

Suddenly I was so embarrassed, I couldn't believe I had just done that, and to look at him you would've thought he had just had a nice nap, as he rolled up his headphones and put his radio away, ran his fingers, still covered with my juices through his hair and beard and prepared to get off the bus. 

He smiled at me and winked and hopped off the bus into the darkness. I haven't seen him since then, but every time I get on that bus now I can't help but wonder if he'll show up again.