 The temptation was too great, we had been friends for so long that most people that didn't know we had significant others thought we were married or at least dating. How far from the truth this was, our attraction was almost immediate when we first met and though we both new it we would never cross that line, only tease and tempt each other and have to redraw the line a little further away.

That first time the line was crossed was after a night of playing on a coed team together. We had been out discussing something mundane when she moved close and I knew that I had to kiss her so I took her by the back of the head and pulled her to me for a wet sweet tongue swirling embrace. 

This would continue for several Saturday nights after our games, stolen moments away from the world inside one of our cars or standing outside them. Finally, the next step was breached, one night Tonia said that I wasn't brave enough to prove a boast I had made on the bench that night about being well hung. Without thinking I opened my shorts and pushed them down over my limp cock, which hung down thank god at its full size. 

"Wow, honey, you weren't lying, I wouldn't expect a small guy like you to have that big of a cock."

I smiled and told her thanks and even as I was she bent forward and looked up with a smile as she took my cock in her hand and brought it to her sexy little lips and kissed the head before sucking it deep inside her mouth. Her tongue swirled around the tip and then just as quickly she pulled away.

"Honey, that's just a little tease for next time."

Several weeks went by and we teased and touched discreetly until she finally whispered in my ear one night that it was time. She told me that her boyfriend had moved out and she was alone in the house now and that she wanted me to come over for a drink after the game. 

Ten minutes after the game we pulled into her driveway and then hopped out and went into the house. Down in her little corner of the house she turned on music and handed me a beer. I wasn't that interested but would play along. We knew that we didn't have long because I would have to be home sometime within an hour or two. 

As I took a long drink from the beer Tonia peeled off her sweat soaked shirt revealing her sports bra beneath and two rock hard nipples buried beneath the fabric. I just smiled and thought about how bad I wanted to suck and nibble on her nipples until her pussy dripped and her need to be fucked overwhelmed her. 

Slowly she sauntered over to me and then dropped down in front of me, "I've owed you some head for far to long stud, now it's time your mistress delivers," she said with a wink.

I watched as her hands slid up my shorts and then her fingernails scraped lightly against my cock, she pulled the bottom of my shorts down until my cock sprung free and then with little hesitation dropped her lips to the base of my shaft, her hand wrapping around the protruding inches as her lips came back up the length of my cock. She stroked me and sucked me at the same time and then rubbed my balls with her other hand. She was quickly picking up speed sucking me in deep and rotating her tongue over the head of my cock and then up and down the sides until I was about to explode. 

"If you keep that up honey, I'm going to cum you hot little slut," I told her.

"That's what I want, mmffh," she said as she paused and then right back redoubling her efforts to make me cum inside her mouth. 

A minute or so later I felt it as I fucked her mouth sitting there before her and watching her head bob up and down. The cum rushed out my tip spraying into her mouth and she pulled back and jerked my cock hard as I shot three more long spurts into her mouth. She licked and kissed the tip of my cock and then swallowed all the cum before she continued to suck me again and keep me hard.

Just then we heard a knock on the door. I froze thinking it could be her boyfriend that had just moved out but she said he was out of town that night and it couldn't be him. She did as a precaution though have me go into the bathroom and lock the door with my shorts in hand as she opened the door to her domicile. 

I heard muffled speech and then a knock at the door. Not really caring at this point sure I could explain what had happened with a convincing lie I opened the door.

There stood her best friend, a little hottie named Heather who had a body that wouldn't stop just like Tonia. "Take off those shorts stud," Heather said as I stood there dumbfounded.

I figured what the hell and pulled off my shorts and boxers as I looked down to see I was still at half mast through all this. Heather didn't wait for Tonia she just reached out and started to stroke me and then leaned in for a kiss and brought my other hand up between her legs. 

Feeling the heat and wetness beneath her running shorts I got even harder and that's when I noticed Tonia in the background laying on the bed sliding a finger in her well manicured pussy. She was naked completely and was watching as I was being stroked by her best friend. She crooked a finger and motioned for me to come to her.

"Honey, we won't lick each other's pussies or do anything totally lesbian but we will both please you tonight in honor of you being such a good boy lately," Tonia said in a husky voice as I lead Heather to the bed.

Heather smiled and then pulled back to start peeling off her clothes. Within a minute she was naked and crawling onto the bed next to Tonia and leaning over her to kiss her on the lips. I watched as long as I could and then slid up to join them, hovering just over Tonia and letting the tip of my cock brush against her clit as I teased their tongues with mine. Tonia reached over and grabbed my shaft in her hand and started rubbing it up and down her slit bringing the tip over her clit in circular motions again and again.

I was dying to fuck them both but I would wait until the need for them was just as great as my own, I doubted it would take them too much longer to feel that hunger. Heather brushed away Tonia's hand and started her own rhythmic strokes of my cock and rubbing it against her friend before bending down and catching the tip in her mouth, her tongue started swirling around the head the instant her lips had covered the tip and she was inching her mouth down to the base. Once she got there she would slide back up and stroke my saliva covered shaft until it needed lubed up again.

Tonia was obviously feeling impatient now and she sat up and pushed Heather over before crawling on top of her friend and started kissing her and pinching her nipples while presenting me with her well toned backside and wiggling it as if beckoning me to come fuck her doggiestyle right then.

I couldn't hold off, I knelt behind her and reached around her and flicked my fingers against her clit before spreading her pussy lips wide open and pressing the head of my cock against the wet exposed pink between her legs. She moaned into the kiss with Heather as I thrust forward and buried the better part of my cock inside her. I was amazed she felt so tight, and had to take a moment to regroup before I really started to fuck her. I knew I could come anytime but didn't want to rush it even though I imagined there would be numerous opportunities that evening.

Heather not to be left out reached around and slapped Tonia's ass hard as they rubbed and kissed each other. Slowly Tonia dropped her pussy down so that she was rubbing her exposed clit against Heather's and they both writhed and moaned as I picked up the pace as I pumped in and out of Tonia. A few moments later I was grabbing Tonia's hair and pounding her tight slit until she had to break away from Heather.

"Oh yes, you well hung stud, fuck me like the little slut I am, fuck me like I was your slut to use any way you want," she cried out.

I reached down and grabbed her hips making sure to keep tight hold on her ass as I drove myself in to the hilt with every thrust, I knew it wouldn't be long now and I was desperate to cum. I slapped her ass and continued to pound her pussy like I may never be able to fuck again and felt the cum nearly burst before I knew it was going to happen. Tonia felt it too and as soon as I started to cum she squealed and reached between herself and Heather and started rubbing both their clits in unison. 

Feeling and seeing this I continued to spew my load inside her as we stayed locked together. When I finally stopped pumping and started to pull away Heather popped her head over Tonia's shoulder and said, "I'm next stud."