 Above all, a mother has to protect her children. That's what I believe. I would do anything to protect my children. Anything!

Girls grow up to fast today. The culture is so sexualized and the pressure to act like a woman before you are one is irresistible to most girls.

I resolved to protect the innocence of my daughter, Caitlin. I set a goal for myself: if I could get her to 18, still a virgin, I was doing well.

That's why I was so concerned when, at barely 16, Caitlin began dating Jason. He was a senior and had just turned 18 when they began to date. I knew that he'd be pressuring Caitlin to have sex. He was an 18-year-old male, after all.

As I watched the relationship progress—and snooped unforgivable, even reading Caitlin's diary that she thought she'd hidden so cleverly—my concerns only grew. It was clear that she was yielding to his persistent pressure to "go all the way."

I knew it would have no effect—and maybe even be counterproductive—for me, either alone or with my husband, Kevin, to sit down with Caitlin for a serious heart-to-heart. What 16-year-old girl takes life advice from her parents?

So, I made a decision—a dramatic decision. I made it without any discussion with Kevin. He would never have approved; he would have not only opposed my plan, but made it completely impossible to carry out. But, above all, a mother has to protect her children, even if she has to go it alone. So I did what I felt I had to in order to protect Caitlin.

Deciding to do it was one thing; deciding how to do it was quite another. I decided that I needed to act like the adult in charge. I was 36; Jason was 18. Despite their sense of worldly sophistication, teenagers don't really know how the world works. If I were confident, I figured Jason would follow my lead.

My plan started off with a lie. One evening, I stopped by the gas station convenience store where Jason worked after school. I knew he'd be getting off work in a matter of minutes. It was the perfect time to begin my plan. Kevin was out of town on business for a few days; Caitlin was at play practice which wouldn't end until nearly 10:00; and her brother, Brian, was watching a football game at a friend's house.

I went into the store on the pretext of actually buying some overpriced, low-quality item they sell in such stores. (Who shops at those places, anyway?) Jason was working alone in the store and there were no other customers. We chatted as I was checking out and, with a show of frustration, I told him my computer wasn't connecting to the internet and I didn't know what to do about it. I had work to do from home tonight and no way to do it if I couldn't get connected.

"I get off in a few minutes," he said. I acted surprised. "Would you like me to stop by on my way home and see if I can fix it?" Jason had been doing some unpaid technical support for our household for the last few months. I was pretty sure he'd offer to help.

"Oh, Jason. You don't need to do that." I said, but my expression said, "Oh, please ... help me."

"It's no problem. I don't have much homework to do. I'll bet I can fix it pretty quickly."

"Would you?" I said appreciatively. "I mean, if you could, that would be wonderful."

So it was set. I thanked him and left for home. When I got home, I changed into comfortable but, I was sure, attractive clothes: form-fitting pants, moderate heels, and a silky top that draped over my breasts in gentle folds.

I looked at myself quickly in the mirror. Thirty-six and with two teenaged children, but I looked good. Even I had to admit that and, like most women, I'm my own harshest critic.

Not fifteen minutes behind me, Jason drove up. When he came in, I offered him a Coke, which he accepted. I think he was perplexed when I told him to sit down on the couch in the family room. He knew my computer was in a study I shared with Kevin. But he sat down, maybe figuring that I was planning to explain to him in more detail what problems I'd been having with the computer.

"Jason, I lied to you." I paused for effect, knowing that I'd gotten his full attention. "I didn't get you over here for help with the computer." Another pause while Jason looked confused.

"I wanted to talk with you about your relationship with Caitlin." Confusion gave way to terror, at least if I could read his expressions. What 18-year-old wants to have a discussion with his girlfriend's mother about his relationship with her daughter? I'm guessing none. And Jason's expression gave confirming evidence.

"I know you two like each other a lot. And you're getting pretty serious." Now Jason looked almost panicked. "I didn't trick you into coming here to scold you. And I'm certainly not going to ask you to stop seeing Caitlin or anything like that." Perhaps his face showed a slight release of tension but he was still silent. No surprise there.

"Nothing matters more to me than Caitlin's well-being. And I think she's too young to get involved with a young man sexually."

"Mrs. Kerry ... we haven't ..." And then he sputtered, not knowing how to say what he started to say.

I put my hand up, "I know ..." instantly regretting it because, while I did know, I shouldn't have. It was only from reading Caitlin's diary that I knew how far the relationship had progressed. Of course, I didn't want Jason to think I had been snooping like I had been. And I didn't want him to think that Caitlin told me everything. If he thought that, he might talk with her about this and, then, she might figure out that I'd been snooping. But I figured Jason wouldn't think too much about how I knew this and, so, I moved on.

"I know ... I mean, I'm assuming that. But you're older than Caitlin and neither Caitlin's father nor I are naïve about what teenagers think about and do."

"Well, I don't know what to say, Mrs. Kerry. Caitlin is a good girl and ..."

"I know she is, Jason. I know that. And you're a good boy. But boys your age have desires—strong desires. They're completely natural. They're healthy. You'd be weird if you didn't have them. And those desires are relentless. They can overcome your good judgment."

"I guess ..." he sputtered. "But, I mean, I don't know what you want me to say ... or do."

"I want to offer you a deal." Now his expression was back to "perplexed." I paused again but it wasn't for effect. It was so I could gather my courage—the audacity, really—to go on.

"If you can't accept the deal, you've got to forget that you ever heard it. And if you can, we will always be the only two people in the world who know about it. I can't even talk about this unless you agree to that. It's very important."

Jason nodded. I knew the agreement didn't really come to much. Of course he was curious and he'd agree just to see what I was being so careful about telling him. But I thought it might help if I emphasized how important it was to keep this secret.

"You see, Jason, I don't want Caitlin to become sexually active yet. But I don't trust you to ..." Jason's expression made me halt there. He looked crestfallen.

"No, no. I don't mean I don't trust you, Jason. I don't trust you and Caitlin. And it's not because you're not good kids. You're great kids. But you're kids who are almost adults and I know what that means."

"I think the push to become more intimate will mostly come from you." Jason was about to defend himself, I think. "I don't mean that you'll force Caitlin or manipulate her or anything. It's just that you're two years older than she is and ... you're a guy."

For some reason, I felt as if it was his turn to say something but I'll be damned if I had any idea what he should or could say. If I were in his shoes now, I'd be just as perplexed and hesitant as he was being.

"So, here's the deal, Jason." There should have been a drum roll. If this were a movie, there would have been a dramatic, tension-filled sound track here.

"You promise not to get sexually active with Caitlin—nothing beyond petting and groping." I swallowed hard. My throat was dry and my face was flushed. But I had to go on.

"And I'll ... I'll take care of your sexual needs."

Okay, now his expression was unmistakable: a second of confusion, then astonishment!

"You mean ...?" he stammered.

"I mean just what I said. I'll take care of your sexual needs in every way I can. You'll be getting more than any other boy you know. You just won't be getting any of it with Caitlin."

"But ... Mr. Kerry?!"

"Kevin ... Mr. Kerry ... doesn't know a thing about this. And he never will. Do you understand that? I meant it when I said if you agree to this deal we'll be the only two people on Earth ever to know about it. And if you can't agree to it, then I want you to forget this whole night."

"I don't know, Mrs. Kerry. This all seems really weird."

"It is weird. No doubt about that. But if we do this, it will stop feeling weird. I'm not an unattractive woman ..." Jason shook his head in a sign of enthusiastic agreement. "And I think you're an attractive young man. There will never be romance between us, though. I love Kevin and I hope that you're love for Caitlin grows and grows. I don't want a romance. I just want to do what I think is best for Caitlin."

It was clear that he was considering it seriously, so I went on to make the point I'd started to make.

"It won't be a romance but it won't be weird, either. I know you'll enjoy it. There are some advantages of being with an older woman. I'm not coy and I don't tease. And, believe me, I know a little more about how to please a man than I did as a teenager. I think I know more than today's teenagers, even with their ready access to porn on the Internet."

"So, what do you say, Jason? Do we have a deal, or do we both forget that this conversation ever took place?"

"I guess we have a deal," he said, though somewhat hesitantly.

"I need more than a guess. I need to know that you accept the deal with your whole heart, that you will keep your end of it, and that you will never breathe a word of this to anyone."

"I will," he said with sudden resolve.

Now, I don't know how Jason thought this scene would end. But I knew how I'd planned to end it if it went as I'd hoped, and expected. It did. So I knew what I was going to do.

I smiled. "I'm so glad to hear you say that." And I put my hand on Jason's thigh. He was uncomfortable. Not surprising. I was uncomfortable and this was my plan.

I moved my hand gently up and down his thigh, beginning with only small motions and then moving closer and closer to his crotch. He didn't look any less uncomfortable, but he wasn't stopping me.

He was wearing jeans but, even through the thick material, I could see the effect I was having on him. He knew that I was going to keep my end of the bargain, starting tonight.

I massaged Jason's crotch, feeling his hard cock under his Levis. His breathing was getting heavy and I knew he was eager for this to progress.

I had no intention of fucking him tonight. Our sexual relationship would progress more slowly than that. I figured that might be necessary to keep him interested for as long as I had to in order to protect Caitlin. No, tonight was just a blowjob for Jason. But maybe I could spice it up a little with some visual stimulation.

Standing up, and watching Jason's eyes follow my every move, I slowly and seductively (I hoped) pulled my top up over my head, revealing my lacy white bra. Facing him directly, I reached back with both hands and unhooked my bra. I brushed the straps off my shoulders and let it fall to the ground.

Despite my two kids, my breasts are still firm. Because of my two kids, they're larger than they were when I was younger. My breasts aren't huge, but on my slender frame, they look big enough and well-proportioned.

I could see the admiration in Jason's eyes. In the Internet age, every boy his age has looked at pictures of thousands of naked women and I'm sure Jason had seen some breasts in the flesh. Probably Caitlin's, though her diary didn't make that clear and I really didn't want to think about that—especially not then. What I was pretty sure he'd never seen in the flesh was a woman baring her breasts openly for his pleasure.

I got down on my knees between Jason's legs and began undoing his belt and pants. I was mostly watching his face, looking down at what I was doing only when I needed to in order to make progress. He was incredulous, of course, but his overriding expression was one of excitement and anticipation.

When I got his belt and pants unfastened, he raised his hips up and we both pushed his pants and underpants down. I backed away so he could get them completely off. Then I moved in closely and began stroking him sensuously.

My attention alternated between his (very sweet, I have to admit) young cock, standing rigidly erect and his face that shone with pleasure. His attention was divided three ways: he flitted between watching my hand on his cock, my face as I looked admiringly at his cock, and my breasts, which were swinging gently to the rhythm of my stroking.

I knew I couldn't do this for long. He was 18, after all. He could blow his nut in a New York second. So I leaned forward slowly, moving my lips toward Jason's cock.

His thighs were close enough together that he could feel my breasts sliding up them as my mouth approached his cock. I was focused in my target but I looked up once to see the look of astonished pleasure on his face as I drew my lips close to his cock.

Instead of taking him in my mouth right away, I brought my tongue to the base of his cock, just above his balls. He twitched when my tongue made contact with his shaft. He moaned as it made its way up the underside of his shaft. And he gasped and almost jumped when, with just the tip of my tongue, I made contact with the most sensitive part of his cock, just under the hood.

I looked up to see his head thrown back in reverie.

Then I brought my lips to the very tip of Jason's cock. I puckered them slightly against the head of his cock and tickled his slit with my tongue. I enjoyed hearing the gasps of pleasure that were coming, involuntarily, from his mouth.

Very slowly, fighting the urge to go more quickly, I let my lips surround Jason's cock and took him deeper and deeper into my mouth. As I did this, I held the base of his cock with one hand and ran my thumb up and down the underside of his shaft. 

I looked up as I went down and saw Jason was now looking at me, transfixed by what he was watching. I smiled with my eyes, but saw no response from him. It was like he was in a trance. He didn't believe what was happening.

And I couldn't really believe what was happening, either. It's not that I couldn't believe that I was giving my daughter's boyfriend a blow job. I know how strange—and probably twisted—that sounds. But that wasn't what surprised me now. I'd thought a lot about what I was going to do to protect Caitlin and I was prepared for what I'd planned to do.

What I wasn't prepared for was my reaction to it. I'd gone into this thinking that I'd simply be "servicing" Jason. He was attractive enough. I hadn't lied to him about that when I was trying to assure him that this wouldn't feel too strange, once we got started. But, despite him being "of legal age," he still seemed a boy to me. I'd never felt any sexual attraction to him. That would have been really strange, I think.

But now, with his hard, hot cock sliding in and out of my mouth, I felt myself getting aroused beyond belief. My cunt was flooded with juices and I felt a heat in my loins that I'd forgotten over the years. I wasn't falling in love. I have too much experience to confuse what I was feeling with love. But I wanted Jason's cock more than I imagined that I would—or could. 

I found the clean, musky sent of his crotch intoxicating. The feel of his smooth, rigid shaft, pressing my lips apart, pushing past my tongue to the back of my throat, filled me with a lust I hadn't experienced for years.

In a virtuous feedback loop, the awareness of how much what I was doing to Jason's cock excited him excited me even more. I found myself focused exclusively on his impending orgasm. It wasn't just that I wanted to make him shiver with pleasure. I did, of course. But I also craved his cum.

I wanted to feel that first pulse of semen shooting up his shaft. I wanted to feel the hot, salty sperm fill my mouth in wave after wave.

In a concerted effort to get what I hungered for, I began jacking his cock off with my hand and bobbing my head up and down his cock like a woman possessed.

We were both moaning with pleasure and, as his moans changed to gasps that signaled his imminent climax, I heard myself almost whimpering. 

I wasn't disappointed. Jason's hips shot up so much I had to rise up on my knees to stay on him the way I wanted. I felt that first blast of his juice shooting past my thumb at the base of his cock and, then, felt it begin to fill my mouth with the taste of him, the taste I'd been yearning to experience. He shot maybe five jets of sweet semen into my hungry mouth before collapsing back down on the couch. I followed him down, keeping my mouth around his cock so as not to lose my reward. I swallowed his load with my lips still engulfing his softening shaft. 

As his erection slipped away, I was able to actually swallow his cock partway down my throat with the last of his cum. He twitched at that. I know that many men's dicks are hypersensitive right after cumming so I released Jason's cock slowly, gently, and very reluctantly, from my mouth.

I wouldn't have thought that a sexual experience that didn't involve me having an orgasm could have possibly been this satisfying. I rocked back on my heels and looked up at Jason. 

I could see on his face incredible pleasure and, I think, gratitude. But there was still a hint of disbelief. I'm certain that he could see on my face the pleasure I'd felt. I wasn't trying to hide it and I was pretty sure I couldn't have if I'd tried.

After a long minute, I said, "There ... was that good?" knowing the answer full well.

"Oh, my God, Mrs. Kerry, that was incredible ... unbelievable!"

I thought about suggesting that maybe calling me "Mrs. Kerry" wasn't appropriate at a time like this. But, then, I decided that he'd better keep calling me that. If he mistakenly called me "Sara" in front of Caitlin or my husband, that would be far more inappropriate. Besides, there was something exciting about being in the Mrs. Robinson role.

I stood up, picking up my bra and blouse. Jason watched as I refastened my bra and slipped on my blouse. It was only after I'd finished that he got dressed.

As we walked toward the door, I reminded him that what we had done, and what we were going to do, had to be absolutely, completely secret between the two of us. I emphasized the "what we were going to do" a bit to remind him what would be lost if he broke our confidence. Jason assured me that he understood and agreed.

There was some awkwardness at the door. I think Jason wondered whether he should give me a kiss. He stood there uncomfortably for a minute before I gave him a peck on the cheek and thanked him for agreeing to this plan.

As I watched him get in his car and drive away, I reminded myself that what I was doing was to protect Caitlin. But it wasn't a bad thing, was it, that I got pleasure from it, too?