 Read the first part if you want the story of my husband's night of controlling our evening. But for this weekend, I took over!



Last weekend my husband gave me a very pleasurable night, when he took charge. So it was my turn to take control of our evening, and I had some ideas for a little fun. I set up our bedroom with everything I would need, and went out in the living room to get him, where he was waiting for me in nothing but a robe.

I walked into the room, naked, with nothing but a blindfold in my hand. I had him stand up, and put the blindfold on him, telling him not to touch me. I led him carefully down the hall, and into the bedroom. I slipped his robe off and helped him on the bed, telling him to lay back and relax. I told him I wouldn't tie him up as long as he kept his hands up on the headboard.

He was already semi-hard, but I knew I could get him hard and throbbing. I moved down the bed. I ran my fingertips over his inner thighs, not quite touching his balls, up over his hips and stomach. I brushed over his pubic hair to the base of his cock, than trailed lightly over his shaft, up to the head. I leaned over, and softly blew on the cock head. His cock pulsed in response. I would have liked to tease him a little more, but I needed to taste him.

I took his shaft in my hand, and took him in my mouth. I had one hand cupping his balls, one hand stroking the base of his cock, and the head in my mouth, tongue circling the tip. After a few minutes of attention, his cock was rigid with pre-cum dripping. I picked up the warming lube, and dripped some on his penis, rubbing it over his entire cock. Then I picked up the vibrator I had set out.

I turned the vibrator on low and starting running it up and down his hard member, slowly. He jerked up in surprise, but didn't move his hands off the headboard. I asked him if he liked how the vibrator felt on his cock, and he moaned that he did. I notched it up to medium, and caressed his balls with it, and then moved it to the tip of his penis. His cock was rock hard, and the swollen head looked like it was about to explode, so I pulled the vibrator away and turned it off, I didn't want him to come yet.

I climbed on top of him, so my pussy was over his face, and told him to lick me, before I leaned down to take his cock back in my mouth. I felt his tongue start to lick me, before he sucked my clit. It was hard to concentrate on him, he was doing such an amazing job on my pussy, and I felt myself dripping with wetness. He was already fully hard, so I just flicked my tongue against his spongy mushroom head to make sure he was ready.

I couldn't take anymore, I needed him inside me, so I pulled away from his talented mouth. I turned around on the bed, and climbed on top of him, his cock sliding deeply into my waiting wet pussy. I sank down until he was fully inside. I slowly pumped him, rocking back and forth, increasing the pressure on my clit and on his cock inside me at the same time. I felt the tension build in my muscles as I drove myself harder onto my husband's rigid cock, feeling the fullness, knowing he was about to burst. 

The warmth started radiating out from my clit, through my whole body, as I climaxed, body taut, caught in the waves of pleasure rolling over me. Then I felt my husband grab my hips and give one hard thrust up and his hot cum filled me up. I continued sliding back and forth, pumping him, as my orgasm peaked and the last drops of his juices dripped up inside me.

I pulled off him, and moved to his side, taking his softening wet cock in my mouth, tasting the combination of my fluids and his mixing. My husband did the same, and he buried his head back in my crotch, licking his cum from my pussy lips, and sucking hard on my clit. Unbelievably, I felt another orgasm start to build as he relentlessly sucked my clit, while slipping two fingers inside me, fucking me with his hand. I pressed my pelvis against his face, feeling the overwhelming need to come again.

His cock started growing, not as hard as before, but still filling my mouth. I reached over to take the shaft in my hand, rubbing him rapidly, filling my mouth with as much of him as I could take. His head grew hard and full again, as I desperately pressed against his face, feeling myself start to slip over the edge, and this time the orgasm was much stronger, shaking me all the way through. Somehow I managed to keep my mouth on him even during the height of it, and he came in my mouth, less than before, but still enough to drip out onto my cheek.

I just fell over on my side, breathing hard. I couldn't believe I came twice, so hard in such a short time. My husband turned around on the bed and pulled me into his arms, kissed me on my forehead, and we both fell asleep within minutes. My time in charge wasn't as wild as the weekend before when my husband did the planning, but the outcome was just as pleasant in the end! Next time I would let him lead me again. I couldn't wait to see what he would come up with.