 "Oh, Jesus, Kimberley. Why are you doing this to me?"

She grabbed his tie and pulled him along as she backed up toward her desk. She pulled his face back to hers and kissed him again, hoping that the powerful feeling she had would flow through her full lips and into him.

"Paul, can't you see," she whispered into his ear as he kissed and licked her exposed neck. "Can't you feel this? I want you so badly. I want you to make love to me, right here, right now!"

"But, but this is your classroom," he protested. "I mean, you could get fired or something."

"You heard Leo. We're all alone in here and I want you so badly! I can tell that you want me!"

She perched her butt on the edge of her desk and pulled him to her.

"Right here, right now?" he asked, looking at her upturned face and stroking her cheek with his fingertips. "My God, you are so beautiful! So young and so worth the wait!"

His next round of kisses took his lips back down to her neck and down the vee of her dress. His fingers began to lightly brush her breasts and she pressed them into his hands. Her stiff nipples felt like they were going to burn their way through her clothes. When he started to unbutton her dress, her fingers dropped to her belt and quickly unfastened it and pulled it free. His fingers worked their way down just below her waist and pulled her dress open. The rush of fresh air felt refreshing, but did little to cool her flaming passion. 

His tongue explored the upper curves of her breasts tracing a path along the upper edge of her sweet nothing bra, following the lacey trim from one strap to the other and back. The sheer little cups did nothing to hide her nipples that surged upward. She pulled one cup down and away and directed the rose-colored nipple to his eager mouth. She couldn't help but gasp when he sucked it and gave it a faint loving nibble. He helped himself to her other breast, pulling the flimsy lace away, kissing her soft pale flesh and sucking the stiff rosy nipple. He cupped her full breasts and flicked his tongue in a circle around each one.

"Your breasts are beautiful," he said eagerly. "Just beautiful! It's been such a long time for me, I just hope I remember how to do this."

She held his head close as he sent wave after wave of pleasure through her. Her hands took up where his had left off, unfastening the remainder of the buttons so that her dress fell away, opened fully, inviting his look and his kisses.

"My, God, Miss Maguire!" he said easing back to take a look at her. "You have a beautiful body!" 

His hand moved lightly down her stomach and belly, grazing over the filmy lace panties, and then drifted lower to survey the soft plush skin of her thighs. It seemed like his fingertips sampled every bit of her skin between her panties and the lacey tops of her sheer white hose. She wanted him to touch her pussy so badly that she couldn't wait for him to make up his mind. She grabbed his wrist and pulled his hand up so that he cupped her crotch. She knew he could feel the dampness there as his fingers tenderly caressed her pussy. She spread her legs farther apart and his fingers found their way around and under the lacey panel.

"Oh, my God!" she exclaimed when his fingers parted her pussy lips. "Oh, my God!"

His lips were still planting kisses on her breasts but were working their way back up to her mouth. As his fingers began to invade the wet slit of her pussy, she pulled his face up and kissed him wildly, with a passion and feeling that she had never before known. He deftly found her most sensitive spot and gently fingered her until she could no longer stand it.

"Oh, God! Paul!" she cried out in a voice that came from deep inside her. "Oh, God! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"

"Not yet, Miss Maguire," he whispered softly. "All in due time."

He pushed her back onto the desk, kissed his way back down to her breasts, then further down along her belly. Hooking his thumbs through the elastic of her panties, he began to tug them downward. She raised her butt off the desk to let him ease the flimsy garment down her long legs and then picked her feet up so he could finish the job. She couldn't believe how it turned her on when he brought the crumpled lace up to his nose and sniffed them. He tossed them gingerly onto the desk and squatted down to pay attention to her aching pussy. He ran his fingers up and down through her thin patch of auburn curls. She wondered about how some of her friends said their boyfriends preferred them to shave their twats, but she had never been brave enough to do it. He didn't seem to mind that hers was only trimmed short.

"So you are a natural redhead," he said looking up with a smile, as his fingers kept rubbing her waiting pussy.

"Auburn," she corrected as he flicked his tongue at her pussy. "My hair is auburn."

"Does it matter? Does it really matter?" he said before plunging his face into her hot wet sex.

It didn't at this point with his tongue forcing its way between the hot lips of her pussy. She scooted her butt back farther onto the desk and raised her legs up spreading them far enough apart to set her feet on the desktop. He hungrily lapped at her open pussy, licking her up and down, flicking his tongue all over her parted pink lips. When he started to poke a finger up inside her, she almost jumped off the desk.

"You have a pretty little pussy, Miss Maguire," he said, pressing his lips and tongue back onto her.

She couldn't believe the wonderful sensations he was sending through her body. Her boyfriend in college had sort of lapped at her as had a more recent guy, but neither had a produced feeling anywhere near to what this beautiful man was doing. She raised a hand up to feel herself, the stiff nipples, and the soft flesh of her breasts. When he pulled back for a moment, she looped her legs up around his head and kept him right at her pussy. She could feel her wetness dribble down the crack of her butt to form a moist spot on the seat of her dress, but she didn't care. Little involuntary moans and gasps started to bubble up from inside her. When he started sucking her clit into his mouth, teasing it with his tongue, she began to feel a tightness grow in her hips and belly and thighs, as if every muscle was flexing. She began to wriggle and writhe under the touch of his tongue and fingers.

"Oh, God Paul! Oh! Oh! Oh!"

She grabbed his head and pulled him into her pussy and a shuddering release began to flow from her clit, radiating out through her entire body, lifting the tension away from her. She felt this need to hug and kiss him deeply.

"Oh, what did you do to me?" she asked as he began to stand up.

"Just what comes naturally, Miss Maguire," he said with a big smile. "I'm not certain, but if I were a betting man, that was what you call an orgasm."

He grabbed her by the ass and pulled her off the desk. She kissed him and ran her hands all over his chest and shoulders.

"I've never done that before," she said tugging at his necktie to loosen it up. "Never like that anyway."

He reached up and eased her dress off her shoulders and when it had slipped free of her body, laid it onto the desk. Then he grabbed the straps of her bra that had fallen past her shoulders and pulled them down. The little single clasp popped loose and it fell away from her body. For a moment she realized that she was naked, except for her stockings and shoes, right here in her classroom. What if the principal came in late or another teacher came back because they forgot something? The touch of Paul's fingers on her soft skin tossed that thought far away from her mind. 

She pulled his tie free from his shirt and began to undo the buttons on his shirt. He worked on loosening up his belt and opening his trousers. He kicked his shoes off, let the trousers fall to the floor, and stepped out from them just as she finished pulling his shirt away from his chest. There was a light dusting of black hair on his chest but the rest of him was smooth and his skin felt like silk. Not that she had a lot of experience in the matter, but she had never felt a man's skin that was so soft, so touchable, so appealing. 

With another full deep kiss on the lips, she squatted down and rubbed her hands on his crotch, feeling his cock through the soft low-cut briefs he wore. She could feel it grow large by the second as she fondled it. She leaned forward to kiss and lick and nibble on his cock through his briefs until he could control it no longer and it popped out from the waistband. She tugged his briefs down and looped her fingers around his cock. It was long and thick and straight, the color of late summer suntan. The rose colored head loomed large in front of her eyes. She wanted to give him the most memorable head, but hadn't practiced in a long time.

She tried stroking him and kissing the head. Each time her lips or tongue touched him, he sighed and his head fell backward. An ice cream cone. Isn't that what Phoebe had told her, just like licking an ice cream cone? But there was something about this long tan cock that made her want to suck the whole thing inside her mouth. She felt his hips quiver when she worked most of it inside. Think of your mouth as a pussy, she thought. He reached out and grabbed her head for a moment and then let her go.

"How am I doing?" she asked. "I haven't done this all that much."

"Just fine, Miss Maguire. Don't stop!"

She tried to take all of him inside her mouth but she started to gag when he struck the back of her throat.

"You don't have to do that," he said, shifting around so that he could lean back onto the desk while she kneeled in front of him trying to swallow his stiff cock. "That's okay, Miss Maguire! You're doing great."

There was something about the way he had started calling her Miss Maguire that was turning her on beyond belief. Here they were naked in her classroom while she's going down on him. There wasn't time or inclination to consider intruders at this moment. She just wanted to keep bobbing her head back and forth on his stiff cock, feeling the tension mount in the muscles of his belly. She stroked him for a bit while she licked at his balls. 

"Aren't you going to come?" she asked.

"Uh, later, Miss Maguire!" he called out. 

After another couple of minutes, he reached for her shoulders and stood her up. Spinning her around he pushed her back onto the desk. She pushed her laptop to the side and shoved the papers and pencils to the floor. She leaned back on her desk and spread her legs. He held his cock and rubbed the head back and forth on her still sopping wet pussy. Slowly, so very excruciatingly slowly, he began to ease his cock in and out of her. Using long and slow strokes, he slid himself into her and almost back out. Her pussy cried out with pleasure as she felt every inch of him slip into and out of her. She reached out and grabbed his hips, her fingers just able to reach around to his tight buns. She could feel the force of his every move into and out of her and knew she was lying there grinning. 

When she glanced up at him, he was looking back down at her, with the most beautiful look on his face, as if his eyes were devouring her just as his cock was devouring her pussy. His tanned body was glistening with perspiration; her soft pale body was writhing with pleasure. The pace of their movements was speeding up and her breasts began to wiggle back and forth. As his thrusts grew stronger and more rapid, she grabbed at her tits and pinched her nipples. She began to moan with each stroke now, little ooos, and ohs, and ahs were escaping from her involuntarily.

"You are so beautiful!" he said softly, brushing her hair down over her shoulders. "I've waited so long for someone like you!"

Not wanting to keep her hands away any longer, she reached out to touch his body. After all of the well-intentioned setups by friends and relations, she had discovered this man on her own and erupted with pleasure at the sight and feel of him moving his wonderful cock in and out of her hungry pussy. It had been so much worth the wait for her as well.

After a few more minutes of this delicious lovemaking, Paul pulled her up by the shoulders and off the desk. As she stood upright, he turned her around, and gently pushed her forward, bending her over. His hard cock quickly slipped into her pussy from the rear. She reached for and grabbed the edge of the desk as his belly started slapping into the cheeks of her butt. She tried pushing back to meet him on each stroke. She couldn't believe the new set of luxurious sensations rolling through her now. She squeezed her thighs together and felt her pussy tighten up around him.

"I love this, Paul! Ooh how I love this!"

"Oh, yeah, Miss Maguire," he called out. 

His strokes began coming hard and fast. She began to feel that sort of tightness again, radiating out from her pussy to her belly and thighs and breasts. She fell down onto the desktop, mashing her breasts against the polished wood.

"Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah!" she cried out loudly over and over. She didn't care who heard her.

After another tingling wave of sensation rolled through her, she managed to push herself upright to a standing position. For several more strokes he kept pushing up inside of her. His arms were wrapped around her, his hands feeling up her jiggling breasts, his lips seeking the soft flesh of her shoulders and neck. Then he brought his hands down to her hips and without letting himself slide out of her, he pulled her back around the desk.

"I think you'll like this," he said and plopped his buns into her chair, with her sitting in his lap, his cock still inside of her.

His hands, still on her hips, began to guide her up and down the length of his cock. She lifted a foot up to the chair so she could push herself up and down. At one point it felt as if his cock was rubbing directly on her clit and each stroke took her to a new height of pleasure.

"Oh, Paul, this is wonderful!" she said, turning her head around to get a glimpse of him. "But I want to see you while we fuck."

"Okay," he said and helped her rise up off of him. 

He scooted his hips down a bit as she turned around and, kneeling on the chair, settled her pussy back down on him. Riding him, face-to-face, she began to think of all the times she had thought of him, of being with him, of having his lips on hers, of having his cock buried inside her.

"Oh, Paul," she said. "You don't know how many times I've thought about this!"

"The thought has crossed my mind once or twice, too," he admitted.

She closed her eyes and remembered the meetings and the missed opportunities. She felt his stiff cock inside her pussy now and knew that it was all worth it, the months of longing and waiting, and now she had this man. She began to wiggle and rock her hips as she rode his cock. He cupped her tits and kissed them. She tossed her head forward, dangling her hair in his face, then threw herself back and let it tumble down her back. She could feel it coming again, a tidal wave of sensation, this time ripping through her.

"Oh, God! Paul!" she cried again and again and again.

She collapsed in a shuddering mass on his lap. He stroked her hair and gently guided his fingers up and down her back. She rested her cheek on his shoulder.

"Aren't you going to come, Babe?" she asked.

"Does that matter?"

"Yes," she answered. "I've been coming all over you and now I want you to come. I want to feel it, I want to see it. I want you to do something nasty."

"What? Like come on your face, or belly, or tits?"

"I don't care," she screamed. "I just want you to come too!"

"You are something else, Miss Maguire," he said with that smile.

She would have done anything for him at this moment. But all he did was boost her back up onto the desk, lay her back down while holding her arms above her head, and began to slip in and out of her again. He picked her legs up and hooked her ankles over his shoulders. By pressing her thighs together he tightened up her sopping wet pussy and began humping furiously. She writhed and wriggled and dug her nails into the flesh of his back. He pressed himself forward bending her legs up against her like a bobby pin. She could feel his sweat drip down and pool up in the little valleys on her chest and belly. Just as she felt the wave of an orgasm sweep over her again, he suddenly pulled his cock out and began to squirt cum all over her belly and tits. Three, four, then five times the hot cream came spurting out of him, landing all over her body. He was grunting and gasping for breath.

"Oh, Jesus, Miss Maguire!" he cried out. "What a spunky mess I've made!"

She laughed and reached for his cock to stroke it and feel the sticky goo dripping from him. She rubbed his cum all over her belly and tits.

"I may have to punish you for this," she said, and saw a delightful and mischievous look light up his face.

He leaned forward and kissed her tenderly. "What sort of punishment, Miss Maguire?"

"Let's see now. I could place you on detention and hold you after school or I could paddle you."

"You realize that I just may enjoy that too much!" he laughed.

After a few minutes of snuggling and cuddling, the desktop grew hard and uncomfortable. He stood up and plopped down in her chair, still naked as jailbird. She knew he was watching her avidly as she stepped into her lacey panties and began to hook up her bra. His face looked sad.

"Is there something wrong?" she asked.

"No, it's just that it's been so long since I've watched a woman get dressed," he said with a sad tone of voice that matched his pitiful expression. "And I'm not sure when it will happen again, so I want to keep this memory."

"Somehow I get the feeling that it will happen again," she replied, slipping her dress back onto her shoulders.

How am I ever going to be able to concentrate when I sit here next week, she thought, as she began to rearrange her desk. She closed her eyes and the image of them making love on top of her desk came back to her. I will never look at this desk in the same way again, she thought. Catching a glimpse of Paul getting dressed distracted her, and it was her turn to watch.

"Are you okay?" he asked, as he finished tucking in his shirt.

"I've never watched a man get dressed before," she admitted.

On their way out, they paused at the doorway for a long romantic lingering kiss.

"And what's in your next lesson plan?" she asked.

"Let's see," he said thinking. "Either a review of what we've covered so far, or maybe an oral exam."

Kimberley laughed.

"Or we could form a panel discussion group and talk about what ever pops up first."

They laughed together and walked out together into the sun-streaked hall.