 "Mitz?" Joy hated the way sounds echoed in the cave. "Mitz?"

"Hmmm?"

"Can I sleep by you?" When he didn't answer Joy climbed from her sleeping bag and re-arranged it next to his. It wasn't just the sounds in the cave, she realized. It was Mitz. She wanted his hands on her again, but it wasn't likely to happen, was it? Still, she had caught him looking at her several times during their bath, and afterwards when they ate dinner. 

And she'd been looking at him as well. Mitz had planned their get-away nicely except for one thing: He'd not thought to grab any clean clothes. So they'd laid out on a large rock, sunning like lizards, but face down. Then they'd had dinner and washed their clothing. All of it freeingly naked. Mitz may have been shorter than her, but she'd soon learned he was all man. The muscled planes of his chest narrowed to his lean hips and... She blushed. And there's been no denying he was turned on. His rod existed in several states of ...rodness throughout the afternoon. There were more technical terms for it. But each one made her blush fiercer than the last and finally she gave up. Except now she couldn't sleep.

"Mitz?" Joy eased closer to him. "I have to ask you something?"

"Hmmm?" Mitz rolled over onto his stomach. "It's late, Joy."

"Yes. I cannot sleep. Erm...is it supposed to hurt?"

"Does what hurt?"

"My belly's been fluttery all day. And now that I'm trying to sleep I can't. I ache, Mitz. And I don't know what to do!"

Mitz struggled to pull himself from sleep. "What aches?"

"Everything. The air on my skin, my legs...my belly."

Mitz rolled back his sleeping bag and sat up. He pressed the back of his hand to her forehead. "You don't feel sick."

"No, I feel weird. I don't think I can sleep."

"No? Sleep will make you feel better." He cupped her cheek and worried at her over-bright eyes. "Sleep will make you feel better, I promise you that."

"Can I sleep with you?" 

"I don't think..."

"You were the one who said touch can be comforting. I'm in agony, Mitz., real agony!" Joy was upset. It felt like Mitz was rejecting her! He wouldn't Joy near him and now it felt as if her world was falling apart. 

"Don't cry, Joy. Don't cry. You're just very tired. I am too." Mitz soothed. But when her tears didn't fade he unzipped his sleeping bag and her sleeping bag and pulled her against him. 

"Thank you, Mitz." Joy said, sniffling. She wrapped an arm around him and did her best to control herself. But the odd warm feeling in her belly did not fade. 

"Get some sleep. I've got you." Mitz kissed her forehead, hoping she'd see it as a brotherly thing and not...loverly...and groaned at the thought. Just the word alone made his lower body lurch. 

Joy giggled. "You're um...rodding again."

"Rodding?" Mitz grinned at the term. "It's a natural reaction. We're both too tired to do anything about it." He hoped that would be the end of it. But then Joy sniffed again. Mitz sighed. "Joy?"

"You mean I don't have anything to do with your rod getting bigger?"

Her tone was so hurt, so injured, that Mitz caught her chin with his hand. He brushed his lips over hers. The kiss started lazy and slow with barely any pressure. Then the flash fire heat was back, pooling in the deep of his belly.

"Oh!" Joy gasped. 

Mitz swallowed the sound, was greedy and plundered the warm depths of her mouth. He acted on instinct now, hoping against all hope that he'd be able to keep control long enough to make her happy. 

Joy arched under his gentle caress. The contrast between his calluses and his feather light touches were driving her crazy. The cool air of the cave washed over her shoulders, over her chest and her hip. But then Mitz covered her breast with his hand, rubbed his palm over her pebbled nipple. It was like drowning, she realized. Each time she reached out, stroked her fingers over his back or his side, she slid deeper into the warmth lapping at her. 

"Joy, Joy, Joy!" Mitch whispered, sliding down in the sleeping bag. She was beneath him somehow, her legs sliding restless against his hips. Eagerly he sought her nipples, suckling one than the other until she writhed. Her helpless cries delighted him. 

A shudder whipped through the center of Joy with his first tentative touch at her moist center. "Again!" She whispered, nails digging into his arms. "Oh, Again Mitz! Please!"

"Greedy lady." He complained, but gave her slick core one last caress before rising to kiss her again. Mitz was shifting with her, his hips matching her rhythm, his...rod searching, probing, sliding into heaven and..."Joy?" He questioned, lifting his head. 

"Please, keep going Mitz. I know it's a shock. Please."

"But you're a... we shouldn't..." The barrier confused him, just as the heat in his loins urged him forward. "We shouldn't until we're mar-"

Joy arched upwards, impaling herself on his rod. "Please, Mitz, please!" She begged, nails leaving furrows in the skin of his back. She sobbed brokenly against his shoulder. "You can't leave me like this!"

A groan tore from his throat. "Oh, Joy." He whispered and then he had no breath for words. He found their rhythm again, slow at first than growing into a frantic rise and fall of their bodies. He held on as long as he could. Mitz held on until Joy's nails sank into his flank and she arched, her body caught around his rod in a sweet shivery clasp. "Joy!" He shouted, head thrown back and back arched, pressing himself into her until the last of his essence throbbed from him. 

"Mitz?" Joy whispered.

"Hmmm?" Mitz felt himself drifting off into bliss.

"Are you mad at me for not telling you I was a..."

"Virgin?" Mitz finished for her. Then, "No. Not mad."

"Oh." Joy pondered this for a moment. "When can we do it again?"

Mitz groaned.