 Greg sat there, holding the card Cynthia had given him. Leaning his head back on the couch, he closed his eyes, any number of questions running through his thoughts. He stayed in that position for a while, letting himself relax before he got up and left the house. Checking his watch on the way to his car, he saw that it was just about two. Six hours until he was to appear at Cynthia's house. No one stopped him from leaving which was just as well. He didn't want to be late for the nights' adventure and having to talk to someone he didn't know about nothing in particular was an easy way to lose track of time.

Arriving home, he removed his clothes, the scent of both Kelly and Cynthia still on them, and slipped into a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. He whiled away the next few hours doing busy work. Anything to keep his mind off the day's events.

Just before six-thirty he went and took a shower. He wanted to be spotlessly clean for Kelly though he was unsure what Cynthia had in mind for the three of them other than the obvious.

He soaped himself up and closed his eyes as the warm streams of water rinsed off his body. As he relaxed, his imagination took over, his thoughts turning once again to the upcoming event. He thought about Kelly's body, how soft and supple it must be, how firm her breasts were and her slender, elegant legs wrapped around him. Unconsciously, or maybe consciously, his hand found his erect member and he began to masturbate. Turning his back to the shower so the water ran down his back, he imagined what she would let him do to her.

He imagined holding her nude body next to his, her delightful orbs of womanhood flattening as they embraced, each searching for the other. He imagined her nails clawing at his back as he entered her, taking her with abandon. He listened to her moans and squeals, urging him on.

That was as far as he got. Between the stimulation of the day and his overactive imagination, he let loose his stream into the rivulets of water running into the drain. He continued yanking himself until he was empty, his pulse elevated but not racing. While he felt better, it hadn't been that satisfying. He wanted the real thing.

After drying off, he checked himself in the mirror and saw that he should probably clean up his five o'clock shadow. No point in defiling Kelly's skin with his stubble. Taking care of a few things first, he got the skin of his face baby smooth, checking and rechecking to be sure there were no rough spots.

Now the decision came as to what to wear. He decided that something comfortable would be the order of the day and selected dark blue pants and a white shirt. Looking at the clock he saw it was quarter after seven and he knew from checking the location of the address online it would take him about a half hour to get to Cynthia's place.

The ride over was uneventful. He had practically memorized the route having gone over it so many times in his head. He arrived at the location with five minutes to spare but checked the card against the number on the curb to be sure he had the right house. He pulled into the driveway, a little unsure as there were no other cars visible and only two lights on in the windows of the house.

Getting out of his car, he looked over the house, mentally comparing it to his own and the one he had been in earlier that day. A two-story, it and the ones in the development looked to be more recent additions to the urban landscape though the trees and shrubs would soon make it appear that the house had been in existence for some time.

Making his way to the front door, he pushed the doorbell and heard the distinct 'ding dong' of the bell emanating from inside. He waited, growing just a bit nervous that maybe he was the butt of a practical joke. His mind was put at rest within moments as he heard the lock being undone. As the door opened, he saw a subdued orange light spilling from inside and backlighting an image of untold beauty.

Standing in front of him, wearing a pale champagne-colored robe that fell high on her thigh, was Kelly. She looked angelic standing there, the light wrapping itself around her, her hair falling behind her shoulders.

Greg, as so many times before, said nothing. His eyes were as big as saucers as they roamed over her body, his pulse quickening at her sight.

"Would you like to come in or would you prefer to stay outside all night?" Kelly asked, her voice reinforcing her heavenly appearance.

Without being asked twice, Greg stepped over the threshold and into the house proper. Kelly moved aside to allow him room to enter, her eyes watching him watch her, smiling at his reaction. She closed the door and relocked it before turning to face him, her hands behind her, her back leaning on the door.

With the light now falling directly on her, Greg was able to take a longer look at her. Longer than he would in any normal situation. He saw how her hair glistened, almost matching the color of her robe. Her small mouth was complemented by naturally pink lips while her skin was enhanced by the orange glow of the lights.

He also noticed that what he previously thought were folds of the robe were in reality the mounds of her breasts hidden beneath the satiny material. He watched as her chest rose and fell with each breath, the robe parting just enough each time to allow him to see the cleft between her breasts.

Seeing that they would be standing there all night if she didn't do anything, Kelly reached out with her hand, which Greg took without thinking, and took him into the living room. As they walked, him one step behind her, he looked to see how short her robe was but could only tell that it must be barely covering what he hoped was an exquisite ass.

Entering the living room, Greg now saw where the light was coming from and why he hadn't seen anything from outside. The bay window had thick curtains covering it preventing any light from inside being seen. The light itself was coming from two lamps and several large candles spread out in the room. A rug covered a portion of the room while the underlying wooden floor shone with a high gloss.

Kelly guided him towards the sofa. On the coffee table before it were two glasses of white wine and the remainder of the bottle in an ice bucket. Greg took his seat dead center in the cushions of the couch and watched as Kelly leaned over to pick up the two glasses. Taking advantage of the situation, he watched intently as the back of her robe rose higher and higher, high enough to see the crease where her legs met her ass but nothing more.

Kelly handed Greg his glass and gingerly lowered herself onto the cushion next to him, swinging her legs up and onto his lap, her back resting on the pillow. Greg looked down at those objects of desire he had run his hands over earlier in the day, remembering the taut smoothness they had. He looked at her dainty toes and how perfectly formed and manicured they were.

Laying his free hand on her far leg, all the feelings and emotions he had felt earlier in the day came flooding back. His fingers roamed over her leg, the skin unbelievably soft and smooth. He played with her toes, enjoying that he found another ticklish spot on her when he ran his finger across the bottom of her foot. Back and forth his hand went, as far as his arm could reach, over her knee and exploring all that he could touch.

Greg took a long drink of the wine, his heart rate increasing with every touch of his hand on her leg. He only thought women like this existed in books or movies but he was experiencing something that most men could only dream about.

Kelly had not said a word since she invited him but merely watched him, taking a sip now and then of her own drink. She liked the touch he had, not too rough, not groping like most men would have done. She watched his expression, a look of concentration on his face.

Bending her right leg, Kelly placed her foot square in his lap, feeling his aroused cock beneath his pants. She wiggled her toes over his bulge, enjoying the teasing she was giving him, knowing full well this must be a new experience for him.

When she did this, Greg moved his hand to her upturned leg and began to run it up and down her inner thigh and under her calf. Her creamy skin was even softer than elsewhere and the feeling was something he hadn't imagined. His fingers danced over her skin, absorbing as much tactile sensations as he could. He still couldn't see under her robe, a flap of material covered that magical spot between her legs, but he slowly worked his hand higher and higher until it went under the covering and he could feel she was wearing something underneath.

He moved his hand under her raised thigh, his fingers trying to follow the curve of her leg. Finding the couch obstructing his way, he withdrew his hand and as he did, Kelly jerked her leg.

"You ok?" Greg asked with concern in his voice.

"I'm fine. It just tickled a bit," Kelly replied.

At that moment Kelly chose to drop her leg and roll onto her side. Reaching out, she grabbed the bottle of wine and refilled her glass. Holding the bottle at arms length, she indicated to Greg that he needed a refill as well which she did when he raised his glass.

After replacing the bottle back in its bucket, Kelly didn't raise her leg but instead stretched her legs out and looked at Greg. Not sure what she had in mind, Greg merely laid his hand on her leg and used his fingers to trace patterns in its skin. This went on for several minutes, each watching the other, each draining their glasses a second time and being refilled.

As they neared the bottom of their third glass, Kelly swung her legs down and taking Greg's glass from his hand, placed their glasses on the table. Standing up, she faced him before spreading her legs a bit and straddling him as he sat on the couch. Her knees were positioned next to his hips, her feet hanging over the edge at the ankles, her firm backside resting on his thighs.

Greg put his arms behind her waist, pulling her towards him but she resisted and remained where she was. Placing her hands behind his neck, she leaned forward and kissed him, softly at first but with more intensity as he responded.

Greg inhaled the scent of her perfume which was different from the one she had on during the day. This one was more subtle with a floral bouquet. The fragrance stirred Greg's inner soul, driving him to want her even more. He moved his hands to the front of her robe, placing them over but to the side of her hidden breasts. His hands gently followed her womanly contours, his thumbs feeling her erect nipples beneath the material.

Kelly pulled back and arched her back to move her breasts forward. She watched as Greg's eyes grew wide while his hands roamed over her. She ran her fingers through his hair, occasionally grabbing a clump for effect, her nails digging into his scalp. She watched him for a few moments, his eyes locked on the prize that lay beneath her robe, before dismounting him, standing between the coffee table and him. There she stood, her robe partially open, the orange glow of the lights and candles on her skin making her look flawless.

Slowly, deliberately, she pulled on the belt tied about her waist. Inch by the inch the knot came undone until it fell free, its ends hanging limp at her sides. The robe opening became wider but frustratingly clung to her breasts, preventing him from seeing what was underneath. Placing her hands at shoulder height, Kelly slipped her fingers inside the robe and slowly ran them down the edge, not quite opening it but revealing even more of her body to Greg.

She looked up from under her downturned head at Greg as she did this, her eyes aglow with a fire that he wasn't sure if it came from within or from the lamps. With her hands near the top and in one smooth motion, Kelly let the robe slide off her shoulders and onto the floor. All that he had been wanting was now exposed to him.

Well, almost all. Beneath her robe she had been wearing a pair of white, see-through panties. If you could call them wearing anything at all. They looked more like a micro-bikini bottom, the band holding them onto her hips so thin and the triangular piece of material between her legs so small that they looked like they would disintegrate at the slightest touch.

Greg devoured her with his eyes, her body finally revealed to him. He felt himself becoming warm despite the air conditioning. Everything he saw before him was more pleasing, more desirable, more everything than he could have imagined in his most erotic dream. Even the absence of tan lines, a surprise in itself, was more than he could have hoped for.

Her bodily shape was one of elegance as her thin waist flowed easily into a pair of graceful, rounded hips. Her hair was thrown back, free to fall down her back, her hands held behind her in that deliciously cute way she did which allowed her breasts to be front and center for Greg's attention.

Her breasts... Her luscious, delectable breasts. Greg could only stare at the perfection before him. Near perfectly rounded with upturned nipples, her breasts were unlike any he had seen in any magazine or movie. Neither too large nor too small for her frame, they entranced him. The sight of her curvaceous bust made his heart pounded even harder and louder inside his head while his engorged dick strained to break free.

"Do you want to undress me?" he heard Kelly ask through the fog clouding his thoughts.

"What?" he asked, not comprehending her question.

She giggled at his question, covering her mouth with her hand as if not to embarrass him too much.

Taking a step forward, almost stepping on his toes, she leaned over and took his hands in hers, her touch setting off more explosive feelings within him. Pulling him forward in his seat, she guided his hands to her hips, resting his fingers on the insignificant strands of fabric holding her panties to her body.

Curling her fingers around his, she hooked his fingers inside the band and gently pushed down, the strings expanding slightly as they moved over her hips. Greg continued on his own and Kelly laid her one hand on his shoulder, watching him as he drug the last vestige of clothes down her legs, the front panel sticking for a moment as her wetness clung to it.

Greg continued undressing her until he could go no further at which time Kelly raised one foot then the other, balancing herself on him, allowing him to finally see her completely nude. When he looked up, he was face to face with her alluringly trimmed mound, her womanly smell mixing with his own.

Moving himself further forward in the seat, he grasped her hips and drew himself into her, his nose resting only an inch or so above that part of her he so desperately wanted to enter. He breathed deeply, smelling her untainted scent, savoring how sweet it was. Kissing her, he looked up, asking with his eyes for acceptance to continue.

Kelly took him by the shoulders and made him stand. For whatever reason, Greg just now realized how short she was. Until now he had only seen her in passing while wearing heels or when seated and so didn't have a point of reference for height. Even though he had been with her for hours that day, it never dawned on him that she was several inches shorter than he was. Now, standing in front of her, he found that the top of her head only came up to the height of his mouth, forcing him to look down into her impossibly deep blue eyes filled with a tenderness he had never known.

Kelly's hands went to his waist and started pulling his shirt out of his pants. Once freed, she continued lifting it higher until he raised his arms above his head and squatted a bit so she could remove it. Tossing his shirt off to the side and out of the way, she proceeded to his waist where she undid his belt and the button of his pants. Kneeling before him, she skillfully unzipped his fly and began pulling both his pants and underwear down around his legs, exposing his fully erect member to her face. 

Ignoring his state of arousal, she proceeded to undress him until she could not proceed any further. Standing up, she pushed him down and onto the sofa before retaking her position in front of him. Deftly removing his shoes and socks, she jerked off his remaining clothes, tossing them on top of his previously discarded shirt.

Now Greg was like her, completely and utterly naked, though she seemed much more at ease in this condition than he was. Still kneeling, Kelly placed a kiss on each of his knees before spreading his legs and running her hands up both of his inner thighs, stopping just before her nails touched his engorged sack. She watched his expression, a look of mischief on her face, her lips seemingly fuller and more red.

Licking her lips, Kelly flicked her head so her golden tresses fell to one side and leaned forward. Grasping his dick with her right hand, she inhaled his musky scent before engulfing him in one smooth motion. Electricity shot through Greg's body as her lips encircled his shaft, stopping just below his swollen head while her tongue swirled and licked him. Slowly she worked her way down. She had him almost completely in her mouth before she started her slow trek up, her tongue dragging against the underside of his twitching cock the whole time.

"Uhhhhhh!" Greg shouted out, unable to stand the torturous slowness of her movements. He took quick breaths, sounding like he was running a race rather than having the experience of a lifetime. He was so overstimulated he couldn't watch as Kelly opened her mouth and swirled her tongue around his purple head again and again, taking pleasure in holding him still as she opened his slit and cleaned it out.

Greg roughly placed his hands on her back and pushed down in a vain attempt to convey to her to finish despite the onslaught of euphoria sweeping over him. He had never felt anything remotely close to what he was now. His body was experiencing everything all at the same time and his mind couldn't grasp what to do.

He gritted his teeth and growled as Kelly worked her magic on him. Her tongue danced over every inch of his cock while her mouth sucked harder and harder, her hair adding to his sensations as its delicate, silken touch tickled his thigh.

Up and down went her hand in unison with her warm, wet mouth. Slowly and deliberately her head bobbed in his lap, the slight roughness of her tongue providing a contrast to the soft, slick feel to her lips.

Suddenly, Kelly stopped, giving him respite and a chance to breathe. Standing up, she sat near the corner of the coffee table, her legs spread wide. Greg watched in rapt fascination as Kelly cupped her hands under her bountiful breasts, gently pulling upwards and allowing them to bounce back into place. Her fingers toyed with her nipples, bringing them to attention, her pink buds clearly visible in the light of the room.

Inch by inch, her right hand worked its way down her body, her fingers caressing her skin, her left hand still playing with her breast. Her hand made its way between her legs where she spread her lips with her fingers, letting Greg see the rich pinkness therein for a moment before running a finger up and down her slit. She worked her finger methodically, more it seemed for his benefit than hers, all the while locking her gaze with his. Her eyes were no longer sweet and alluring. Now they had the look of a predator fixated on its next meal, the heat of the moment blocking out everything else. Her breathing was becoming more labored and louder in the stillness of the room.

Finding her nub, Kelly applied pressure and leaned her head back, eyes closed, enjoying the feeling of the friction of her finger on her most sensitive area. Harder and faster her hand moved, bringing her ever closer to a release.

Greg didn't know what to do. He stared as this gorgeous creature before him as she pleasured herself, his own arousal driven even higher by her actions and the sounds coming from her mouth. He could feel his body growing warmer by the moment, his erect cock at attention in his lap.
