 BACKGROUND: Melanie and I are both teachers at a local high school. She is in her early 40s but has a smoking body. I am a teacher in my late twenties. Our desks are next to each other and we often casually flirt. I always sensed a certain sexual tension between us, which culminated one evening when I was at her house fixing her computer while her husband was out with his friends.

*******************************

"Do you need anything else?"

"How about a massage?" I respond half jokingly, as Melanie sets a green tea in front of me. I don't even like tea, but I make it a point to accept whatever a hostess offers me. I quickly take a sip of the tea and feign enjoyment of the rather bland taste.

A moment later, I am surprised to feel Melanie's hands on my broad shoulders. As coworkers, we sit next to each other and flirt often, but this is the first time I sense a powerful intimacy between us. I neglect my tea and the computer in front of me as she skillfully kneads away the week's stresses.

Her fingers lightly brush my neck, sending a brief shiver down my spine. I close my eyes and relax, savouring her gentle yet firm touch. I find myself daydreaming of fucking her. She is bent over the computer desk and I am behind her, sliding my long, fat cock in and out of her tight asshole as she screams profanities her students would be shocked to hear.

Suddenly, I am awoken from my trance as I feel her hot breath in my ear. "Do you need anything else?" she asks as her hands lightly caress my chest. I instinctively move my hands behind her body, and firmly place them on her tight buttocks. Melanie is just over 40, but has an amazing body due to her high level of fitness. My suspicions regarding the tone of her amazing ass are confirmed as I fail to pinch even an inch of fat. My cock immediately swells.

She gasps as my hands firmly grab her ass and pull her closer to me. I feel her mouth on my ear as she sucks on my earlobe then my neck. The spine-tingles return as she licks and nibbles my neck, while my hands continue to squeeze and knead her firm backside.

She spins around the office chair and kisses me full on the lips, her tongue darting into my mouth and intertwining with mine. I grab her tightly around the waste and pull her towards me as she hikes her black skirt up and straddles me in the chair. She grinds hard into my erection and coos with delight as she feels my hardness between her legs. My hands have now found her pert breasts and are kneading them through the soft fabric of her low-cut red sweater.

She promptly lifts the sweater over her head and tosses it to the ground, while I deftly undo her bra. I pause for a moment and ponder my fortunate situation. Here I am, staring at Melanie Sedgwick's bare breasts. Surely she must know that I am constantly ogling her ample bosom while she works at her desk. Surely she must realize that every time she gets up from her chair I am following her beautiful ass with my lustful gaze.

I quickly take her left nipple into my mouth, as she grabs my head and pulls me towards her chest. My hands are firmly gripping her ass, this time beneath the thin fabric of her skirt. Suddenly it strikes me that this 40-something year old high school teacher is not wearing any underwear. As my hands move closer to her pussy, I can feel the heat emanating from her sex. She is clearly turned on as her breath becomes ragged.

My nimble fingers find her cunt and I am pleased to feel that she is soaking wet. She slightly lifts herself, giving my probing fingers easy access to her needy slit. She gasps loudly as I slip a finger inside her and begin to massage her G-spot. By now my mouth has found her right nipple and is gently nibbling and sucking at it as I continue to drive one, and then two, fingers in and out of her sopping cunt.

I bring my fingers to my mouth, to savor the sweet taste of her sex juices, but she intercepts them, sucking my fingers deep into her mouth. This lurid sight puts me in sexual overdrive as a grab her head and our mouths once again lock. We both savor the taste of her pussy as her hands caress my enormous bulge.

Suddenly, she pulls back from me, wide-eyed. "Oh wow!" she giggles as her hand traces the length and girth of my cock, straining against its confines. She slides down, off my lap and onto the floor as she removes my pants. As she pulls my jeans past my knees, along with my boxers, my turgid cock springs forward. "Oh my god! It's so much bigger than Jason's!" she moans as her hand grips the throbbing shaft. Jason is her husband and a royal ass and I'm just the kind of young and hung stud she needs to forget about that abusive prick for a night.

My toes curl as I feel her kittenish tongue sample the large drop of pre-cum leaking from the tip. She grips the shaft tightly and admires the thick purple veins for a moment before enveloping the head in the warm wetness of her mouth. I gently caress her neck as she steadily pushes my twitching cock into her mouth, inch by inch, until her lips are firmly planted at the base, a full eight inches below the head. I nearly empty the contents of my aching balls into her throat as I watch my penis disappear further and further into her mouth.

She brings her lips back up the shaft as copious amounts of throat saliva stream from her mouth onto my balls. I lean back and enjoy the nastiest, wettest blowjob of my young life. Melanie cradles my balls in one hand as she pumps her fist, gripping my cock tightly. She kisses and licks the shaft and bulging glans, spreading her saliva all over my prick. Her eyes lock with mine and she smiles coyly as she wiggles a finger beneath my scrotum and begins to tease the sensitive flesh just in front of my asshole. 

"Oh god!" I think to myself as she takes my cock into her mouth once again and sucks forcefully on the head. Her finger continues past my perineum and begins to trace small circles around my anus. I feel my cock become impossibly hard as a wave of tingling heat spreads through my loins and she once again engulfs my penis in the warm sheath of her throat. Her finger forces its way past my sphincter and deep into my ass as she pulls my sopping cock from her mouth once more. 

"I...I'm cumming!" I manage to sputter as she opens her mouth wide and points my convulsing cock towards her face. She furiously pounds my dick as she jacks me off into her mouth. A thick stream of cum arcs through the air and splatters across the bridge of her nose, followed by three more strong spurts that dowse her cheeks and hair. My cock remains hard as I stare in utter disbelief. The scene before my eyes is nearly beyond description.

Melanie pushes my legs farther apart and begins to lick and suck my balls, while her hand continues to stroke my cock. The sensations are almost unbearable as her tongue snakes to my perineum. She presses her cum-soaked face deeper into my ass and I can feel the warm liquid smearing into my cleft. Suddenly, I feel her tongue probing my anus as her hand continues to grip my cock firmly. She wantonly laps at my asshole until my ass crack is slippery with her saliva. That's when I hear her moan loudly as a wave of orgasm tears through her body. Unbeknownst to me, she is fingering her pussy while eating my ass! I stare in amazement as she looks up at me and smiles. Her face is caked with my sticky semen and her bangs are matted to her forehead as she stands before me and removes her skirt.

She turns around and presents her beautiful ass for my inspection. I begin to kiss and lick her perfectly shaped, lightly freckled ass, savoring the sweet aroma of her pungent fuck juices. I insert two fingers into her dripping sex and am amazed by how easily they slip inside her. Her hips begin to rock against my thrusting fingers as she firmly grips the desk in front of her. My tongue passes over her tight little asshole and I hear her gasp. Obviously Melanie loves eating ass and having hers eaten in return. I probe her tiny rosebud, forcing my tongue it into her pink anus. She throws her head back in ecstasy as she pushes back and buries my face in the smooth cleft of her heavenly ass. By now I have added another two fingers to her pussy and am nearly fisting her obscenely wet cunt. Her copious fluids glisten in the lamp light as I repeatedly plunge my fingers in and out of her, my tongue continuing its assault on her anus.

I stand up behind her and grip her neck, admiring her image in the mirror in front of us. Her eyes are locked on mine and my earlier load still adorns her surprisingly youthful face. I remove two fingers from her slick pussy and push them into her ass. Her eyes close as she feels my thick fingers probing deep into her rectum and I begin to furiously finger-fuck both of her holes while holding her neck tightly. Suddenly, she begins to thrash wildly as a second wave of intense orgasm courses through her body. She instinctively pushes my fingers from her holes as her body tenses and ejaculates a large amount of clear fluid onto the carpet beneath us.

"Wow! Melanie Sedgwick is a squirter!" I think to myself as I grip my fully erect penis and began to slide it up and down the well lubricated cleft of her upturned ass. Just as her orgasm subsides, I push the entire length of my cock deep into her pussy. I feel almost no resistance as she takes all eight inches, slamming her pussy back onto my straining prick. As I furiously pound her insatiable cunt, my hand caresses her face, rubbing my semen into her soft skin. I begin to kiss up her back as her pussy sucks my large penis, refusing to let it slip from its velvet confines. The lurid slapping and squishing sounds echo through the large room, mingled with her soft moans and my animalistic grunts.

I kiss her neck and she turns her head, offering her mouth to mine. I kiss her on the lips, disregarding the salty taste of my own semen that is still smeared across her face and lips. We fuck like animals in heat for nearly fifteen minutes before Melanie begs me to finger her ass again. I oblige, slipping my thumb into her asshole while my prick continues to savagely impale her throbbing, dripping cunt. My thumb easily slides into her slick anus as she gasps for air. "Clearly a thumb is not enough for this anal slut!" I muse as I pull my turgid cock from her warm, wet tunnel. Clearly disappointed she asks why I have stopped. Without a word I push the fat mushroom head of my penis against her tight asshole. "Oh yes! That's it! Fuck my ass Ben!" Melanie moans as she pushes herself back, impaling her anus on my thick member. I am almost disgusted with how easily she takes my more than ample cock into her asshole without extra lubrication. Clearly Melanie Sedgwick has taken many a cock in her backdoor. The head slides past her sphincter and in less than a second my cock is firmly planted deep within her bowels. She begins to grind into me, ensuring that her experienced ass has claimed every millimetre of my cock.

"Okay, now fuck me fast!" I pull back until my cock nearly slips from her slick tunnel and then drive forward with all my force. She screams in pleasure as I savagely pound her loosened anus. I grip her hips with white knuckles as I fuck Melanie's ass harder and harder. Her ass slaps loudly against my groin with each thrust and her vocalizations become progressively louder and more profane.

"Oh my god! Fuck that ass you motherfucker! Yes! That's it! Jesus Christ! Your cock is so fucking thick!" After ten minutes of furious ass fucking I cannot control myself. "Oh yes! That's it baby! Cum in my ass! Fill me with that hot fucking cum!" she taunts as my cock once again bulges and begins to twitch. I begin to fuck her faster and I dig my fingers deep into the soft flesh of her hips. I throw my head back and bellow loudly as I reach orgasm, inundating her bowels with a fresh load of semen. As she feels her rectum fill with my burning seed, Melanie enjoys her third orgasm of the night. Her asshole clamps tightly around my invading prick as she once again sprays me and the carpet with her pungent ejaculate. My softening cock slips from her asshole and globs of cum flow from her gaping anus and course down her ass crack before mingling with her cum on the carpet.

Melanie turns to face me and I embrace her. We kiss deeply, but this time I enjoy the bitter semen on her lips. She steps back and smiles. "Well, do you need anything else?" she asks wickedly. "My tea is cold." I respond in my usual deadpan fashion.