 Part 1 - Meeting Greg

My aunt Margaret works as a masseur and gets to know some really interesting people. Such as the time when she had a really handsome client, Greg, who engaged her service for what she calls testicular massage.

Now my aunt has got this fabulous sets of tits, her cup size is DD and she's popular with male clients. She revealed that younger guys in their 20s seem to enjoy her company too, as she will sometimes notice an erection under the towel. That could have been so embarrassing for the guy, but she's got this ability to put people at ease and turn that into an ice breaker that leads to other topics, such as relationship problems with their girlfriends, or even premature ejaculation. She's in her mid 40s and does have a thing or 2 to teach these young guys. Maybe they find it easier to open up to her because of her motherly manner. But this story isn't about her DD cups. It's about this technique which she has developed for helping guys overcome premature ejaculation. PE means that the guy doesn't have good control and ejaculates earlier than he wishes to during sex. If his ejaculation can be delayed, he doesn't go limp yet and the fun can continue. So this therapy, as she calls it, is really important .

I was really curious and eager to know if it is really possible to strengthen and prolong the erection through massage. She told me about this squeeze technique where she would grasp the guy's cock with one hand and give a firm squeeze at a certain spot, which if done correctly can kill the urge to cum. I got quite wet hearing this because I really enjoy giving a good handjob. I really love how when I bring a guy into ecstasy he can't help but respond to my touch when I press the right buttons. I find it to be very satisfying to explore and find his buttons and gain control over his cock. So now I have one more button to play with and I can stop the guy from ejaculating so I can continue playing with him? I've heard of this squeeze technique, but until now this is just something I've read about on the internet. Now that I've got an experienced practitioner who is willing to coach me on this, I'm really eager to give it a try.

I was overseas and visiting Aunt Margaret in Australia at that time and didn't have my boyfriend with me. Where am I going to find a cooperative cock to practice on? Obviously we felt it wasn't right to let me practice on my uncle. I was staying with my aunt and I would start my tours from there. One evening she told me that she has this client who is open to a joint therapy session, do I still want to do the practice? He's more or less my age and quite an ok guy, so maybe I won't find it too much of a chore to do the therapy with him. I scraped my sightseeing plans without hesitation to join her!

My jaw almost dropped when I saw how good-looking Greg is! He has these beautiful brown eyes framed by long eye lashes! I could hardly believe my good fortune! He looks good enough to be a model. Have I ever seen him on some magazine before?? He's just my type, the kind that I would love to fuck, or give a good handjob to any day! And now he is here for us to play with his cock. No it's not a chore at all! I was busy admiring his good looks and dreaming of stealing a kiss from him, can I be blamed for not paying attention all the way? It's like a wild fantasy come true! He was also busy admiring my legs while we sat on chairs during Aunt's briefing on how the therapy was going to be. It was the right choice to wear a miniskirt today!

"Greg, this is to recap what we've discussed yesterday. The only way to overcome premature ejaculation is through training." Aunt Margaret told us. "How this is done is for you to masturbate and get to the verge of ejaculating, and practice the techniques for holding back and not cum. When you can't take it anymore, we will use the squeeze technique to stop the urge to cum and help you regain control, and you can rest a while before you try again. I will be observing you to see if you need help, but you should also sound off if you're really struggling to hold back. OK? The idea is that you should not ejaculate, because if you can't get hard again, you can't train. So don't tell only after you've started ejaculating, that'd be too late... We need to stop you before you get to that point of no return. To do this, we will grasp your erection and squeeze it at a certain spot to stop the urge to cum. Try not to feel violated... You will need to trust us and be very open with us on where your limits are. We will experience and stretch your limits with you."

Greg looked at her awkwardly. At age 22, he's a young stud, full of lust and you will expect him to have a lot of pride over his cock. He was so embarrassed to tell us that he lasts only 2 minutes when he penetrates his girlfriend. It must have been difficult for him to confess to having a problem like this and to seek help. And help is in the form of being watched while he cums and being told what he is doing wrong. His inadequacy will be on display and under our scrutiny. And now a younger woman (me) is going to teach him how to handle his cock. This can't be easy for him. I really enjoyed observing him squirm in embarrassment, though I kept quiet and didn't tease him. I found his shy smile to be very endearing. Let me assure you that I'm seriously intending to help him and not just have fun at his expense. I feel sorry for him and sincerely hope he does learn better control and last longer when he has sex.

"I guess so." Greg shrugged his shoulders and tried to look cool about it. "You've told me that I need a partner to squeeze for me. Is Jenny going to be doing this?"

"Yes, Jenny will be doing most of the squeezing since you've kindly agreed to let her do her training on you. I will do a demo to show her how to do the squeeze, and she will practice it on you. I will be here to supervise the whole session, and I will be passing on tips to help you with your training. You need to work hard at not ejaculating, so you should focus on the holding back and leave the rest to her. Let her do the arousal for you as well, unless you mind having an attractive girl like Jenny masturbate for you? No? That's good. She will keep you on the edge of ejaculating, you work at not cumming. How does that sound?"

He grinned sheepishly, looking at my face, my tits and my miniskirt. I was wearing a button down tank top with the top button off. I shifted in my chair and leaned forward a little so he can have a better view down my cleavage. I wouldn't want him to say he prefer my aunt to wank him!

"You don't mind helping me, do you?" He asked me.

I don't mind at all! I'm so looking forward to seeing how he will react to my touch, and finding his buttons and learning how to make him squirm with pleasure. I will be teasing him and pushing him to his limits, at the same time encouraging him to hold back and not cum. What a delightful torture that will be! This will be a very intimate experience for us, even more than a normal handjob, because we will see him at his most vulnerable and helpless state when he is on the brink of cumming, and fighting for control over his cock, struggling not to cum while I'm pushing his buttons. I'm so looking forward to making him surrender and blow his load in my hands! I'm 2 years younger than he is and I'm going to train him on controlling his cock!

"You are kind enough to let me practice on... you...," I said to him as sweetly as I could, "So I think it's the least I can do! I'd be glad to help you with your training. Aunt is teaching me how to do the squeeze. But I think I know how to make you cum..."

I tried to look confident and have an assuring manner, as if I'm a professional, just like Aunt said I should. He is going to entrust his jewels to us and we should make him feel like he is in good hands. Greg shrugged again and said OK. I don't think he has realised yet that he is going to give me tremendous control over him during the therapy later on. I'm sure he knows that despite his best attempt to resist my teasing, he's going to ejaculate helplessly in my hands eventually. Talk about helplessness and inevitability! But maybe he doesn't realise how much I'm looking forward to this. I wonder if he will feel violated if he knows!

Aunt Margaret is done with the briefing and asked, "Greg, do you need to pee? You can't cum and pee at the same time and if you have a full bladder, it's going to interfere with your ability to control your ejaculation."

"I've peed before the briefing, I'm good to go."

"I hope you've washed your penis really clean, cos I'm going to touch it later on!" I quipped cheekily. Should I offer to help him wash it?

But Greg insisted that he has washed it already. He went behind a screen in a corner of the room so he could disrobe in privacy. I would have enjoyed seeing him strip, if he hadn't minded. I confessed to Aunt Margaret that he is so cute and I will be so happy to work on him! She smiled at me knowingly and warned me not to get too carried away later and push Greg too hard. We're about the same age and she's sure he finds me attractive too, so she thinks he can't take much teasing from me. He probably can't cum more than 2 or 3 rounds, so I shouldn't make him cum too fast and waste his shots. Greg soon walked back naked to the bed where we were waiting, holding his clothes in his hand. His cock was already semi-hard but still hanging down and swung prettily as he walked. His balls were a little low hanging, and they made a nice pendulum, very eye-catching. He looks like a statue of a greek god, with a nicely buffed body, chiselled mid-section and good sized genitals! He looks good enough to be a swimwear or underwear model! I will be happy to get my hands on his well-defined "6-pack" abdominal muscles, not just his cock. He caught me gawking at him and raised his eyebrows and looked a little embarrassed. I hope I wasn't drooling yet!

He got onto the bed and made himself comfortable. There was a pillow under his head so that he could see how we ravish, ahem, train his cock later on. Standing just beside him, I had a good view of his cock. I leaned against the side of the bed and held on, my hands inches away from his exposed stiffy, very much within reach. It was only half grown and wasn't so erect yet that it was pointing stiffly. I enjoyed seeing the heavy blood-filled shaft flop around as he adjusted himself. 

Then I realised what was different. The cock head is already completely exposed - this cock has been circumsized! This is the first time I'm seeing (and soon, touching) a circumsized cock in real life, and it does look really good with no foreskin covering the head even while it's only half erect. Years later, I still have a preference for circumsized cocks, and I think this session with Greg had a very strong influence on me. I stood on his right side and Aunt Margaret on his left. He saw us move up close to him and smiled at us awkwardly. Following Aunt's lead, I placed my hands behind my back.

"Feeling all right?" Aunt Margaret asked. "I'm going to touch your penis now, and I'll be putting lots of oil on it to avoid having friction. We don't want you to have too much sensation yet, so I'll be starting slow and I will build up the sensation gradually. This is for us to explore your sensitivity and find out how much sensation to give you. I'll start, Jenny will observe for a while and then take over. Ok?"

And with that, Aunt Margaret lubricated her hands quite thoroughly and then ran the back of her finger along the side of his cock. It twitched a little at being touched for the first time. Greg's face remained impassive, his beautiful eyes staring at the ceiling, determined to ignore the hand teasing his cock. She then ran her fingertips along the top side, then underneath, then grasped the shaft near the root with her thumb, index and middle fingers, and pulled it gently, letting it slide along her slippery fingers. She would reapply oil to her fingertips before doing this pull again, and repeated several times. She rotated her wrist so that she is touching different parts of the penis each time and putting oil all over it such that it is now gleaming very nicely. Greg's penis jerked to life obediently with each pull, pointing higher and extending longer and looks pretty stiff by now.

"Now Greg, I'm going to be touching your glans." Aunt Margaret told Greg. "That's the exposed head of the penis and is the most sensitive part. You should be more or less fully erect now and your glans will be a lot more sensitive than before. This will make you very aroused and push you towards an ejaculation. So I need you to relax and get used to the sensation. Try not to think about it, because the anticipation can sometimes cause a guy to cum faster."

"Jenny, I want you to pay attention to his reaction when I touch his glans. If he looks like he is too tensed up and going to blow soon, I'm going to stop and let him rest and calm down. I want you to pay attention when you do it later so you don't overdo it. Don't make him cum too early."

She took more oil and dripped it onto the cock head. Then very gently trailed the tip of her index finger over the head, from the fat part of the crown to almost the pee hole, back onto the fat head, followed the contour and circled around it a few times. All this while Greg was gripping the side of the couch, it's obvious that his cock head is very sensitive and the sensations are getting to him. Watching him being teased slowly by my aunt, I can feel myself getting wet, and I haven't even touched him yet!

I had been watching how big his cock is going to grow to, and it's a pretty good size already. It should be completely erected by now. It's straight, without much irregularities or features, and some veins at the sides. On the whole it looks very presentable. I would even describe it as a "textbook" sample of what a cock should look like. His pubic hair is short and neatly trimmed, but thick and will be very bushy if he had not trimmed it. His cock is not overly huge, but it's a good size and is going to be very much a handful for me later on. I could be a little biased, but I think it's the perfect size for his height and build. I'm definitely not disappointed.

Aunt Margaret grasped the cock with one hand and gave a few slow pumps.

"How are you, Greg? Is this making you very tense? Are you going to blow? Remember to sound off if you feel yourself getting too aroused and unable to hold back. Now I'm going to do the squeeze on you so you know what it feels like. I'm going to let you try it now, before you get too aroused."

She placed her thumb on the underside of the penis, her index finger on the other side, just below the glans. Then she squeezed, and Greg gave a soft grunt. She held it for a while until he relaxed. She told us that Greg's cock head is very sensitive and that I should be careful with it. But I will need to touch it later on as part of the therapy, since it will enter the vagina first and Greg needs to get used to the sensation.

And on to round 1.