 Part 2 - Round 1

And finally, it was my turn to touch Greg! Aunt Margaret's demo was only a short while, but I was so looking forward to this that it had felt like a very long wait. She is deliberately talking in a detatched and clinical manner, as if she is doing physiotherapy with him, but I'm so excited to have this incredibly good-looking guy naked and in front of me, his cock pointing stiffly in the air and waiting for my teasing! I'm serious when I told him I want to help him overcome his PE problem. After all, I sincerely want him to last as long as he can in my hands and be able to play with his cock for as long as I can.

"Greg, how are you doing so far? Let me know if you want me to slow down or to squeeze ok?" I tried to have a confident tone and to put him at ease despite the butterflies in my tummy. With so much anticipation behind my first encounter with his cock, I'm so nervous myself!

My hands finally came out from behind me, eager to meet Greg's erection. I grasped the middle part of his waiting cock with one hand, trying to observe his breathing pattern and the tension in his muscles like Aunt Margaret said I should. My hands tend to get very cold in aircon rooms. It feels so good to grip his cock and feel the hot blood in it! He gasped when he felt my cold hands on his cock. I gave it a little squeeze, enjoying the feel of its hardness. It's been properly wakened and ready for sex. I soon felt a lot more at ease with his cock in my hand like this, quietly surrendered for me to explore! I adjusted my grip, feeling how my fingers wrap around the shaft, not unlike how I would try out a new tennis racket. I then placed my left hand at the root of his cock and my right hand beside it, just covering the head. I like to measure cocks in this way. Some are longer and the head will stick out beyond my 2 hands, some come up to the middle of my right palm only. Greg's is a good size and feels just right in my hands.

"Your hands feel so small and smooth! And cold!" Greg exhaled. He seemed so awkward! But I would also feel embarrassed if I were the one lying down, naked, and being someone else's sex toy! I made it a point to inject some warmth into my voice and help him be at ease.

"My hands get cold from the air-con. But that's good, isn't it? The sensations will keep you hard. Does this feel the same as when you wank?"

"No, the way you grip it feels different. This feels very good."

I like to get my hands comfortable on a cock before I really start working on it, especially on the first encounter. I like to feel the size and compare against others in my memory. I like to observe the guy as he gets touched for the first time. Some are impatient, some are vulnerable like Greg, and feels a little violated. But all are just as horny at this point and won't want to stop. And allowing me to explore at my pace puts me in control. Part of the fun is in watching their reaction when their precious is in my control. They will put up with my teasing because I make it fun for them too. I would chat a little with Greg and crack a joke here and there. I want him to be relaxed and enjoy what I'm making him feel. I want to connect with this gorgeous guy, I don't want to just violate him. I don't want him to feel raped...

After getting acquainted with his joystick, I switched to using both hands, pulling it between 2 well-oiled palms, gently at first and then more firmly. I want him to enjoy the sensation for now.

He's looking at me now, not staring at the ceiling. I smiled at him and caressed his crown gently with my fingertips. That got a delicious shiver out of him. And then without warning, I gave him my first squeeze for practice. I circled his shaft with my thumb and forefinger, following my aunt's demo. I pressed in firmly with my thumb. I didn't know how hard to press, but he didn't complain and I guess I didn't press too hard. I held my thumb down, counted to 10 and then let go. 

That was the end of my gentle start to his teasing. From then on, I explored his cock more earnestly, varying the tightness of my grip and speed of my pump, sometimes using both hands, sometimes pumping with 1 hand while I fondle his balls with the other. I would hold his balls in my hand, weigh them, and rub my thumb over each individual nut in the loose sack. Sometimes I would hold gently and give his balls a downward pull while I'm grazing his cock head with my other hand. All this while he was looking at me playing with his cock and balls. I think he was having as much fun as me!

It was fun observing him as he enjoyed the different sensations. He moaned softly and his mouth opened slightly, his breathing getting heavier. Precum was starting to leak from his pee hole and I wiped it off with my forefinger. That got another grunt from him and he closed his eyes and tried to relax. It's getting to him now. I remember that I was smirking. Yes, now he's letting me have my way with his sensitive cock. It's my toy now and I'm not going to ask him for permission anymore. I would have stuck the finger in my mouth to taste his juice, but aunt was looking keenly at what I was doing, and I wiped the precum on another part of his glans instead. I spread it around his cock head, adding to the lubricant.

"Enjoying yourself, Greg?" I teased. "You're getting wet."

"Greg you need to hold back," Aunt Margaret cut in. "Don't lose yourself in the sensations and ejaculate yet."

"Oh shit. You'd better slow down, Jenny. It feels too good. I'm not going to last long." Uncertainty crept into Greg's voice.

"No, I want you to get to the brink of an ejaculation soon so that you can practice your holding back." I insisted. I wanted him to work at it. This isn't a handjob, it's training! I continued to play with his cock at my pace.

"Greg, you need to start holding back. I want you to think about something else and take your mind off the sensations and what we're doing now. Distract yourself so that you don't ejaculate so quickly. Let's chat about your hobbies." Aunt Margaret was passing on the techniques of how a guy can delay his ejaculation. 

All the while, as her assistant, I'm continuing to apply pressure on Greg, pushing him to the cliff. He'd better learn fast. It's always satisfying to see the effect I can have on a guy when his erection is in my hands. I love seeing how he can't hold back anymore and cums in my hands. I love having someone as sensitive as Greg because he is so vulnerable to my teasing and I get to enjoy his reaction very quickly. The best part is that unlike in a normal handjob, he is not in a hurry to cum. He is fighting a futile battle not to cum. I'm bullying his cock and he can only endure and strive to keep it under his control, and we both know his control is poor. It doesn't get more fun than this! His hands soon tightened into fists, held beside his body and occasionally he would grunt with the effort of trying to ignore how I'm ravishing his cock. The anguish is all over his gorgeous face.

I watched his body tense up as I pumped his cock steadily, fingering his cock head from time to time. If it were just the 2 of us, his cock would have entered my mouth by now. I wasn't really paying much attention to his hobbies. In fact I had almost forgotten that I need to stop him before he ejaculates. I know he's getting there but I was having so much fun working my well-oiled hands over his cock and balls and enjoying his soft moans and grunts! 

"Jenny you need to squeeze him now." Aunt Margaret told me, tapping me on the shoulder. 

Apparently Greg was sounding off that he's near and needs help but I was so engrossed in my play that I had missed his cue! But it's not too late yet. I grasped his cock just under the glans and gave a firm squeeze, just as I did before. I felt his cock twitch under my grasp this time and I held on to it for a minute or so. I stared at him now, observing how his tension slowly subsided as he loses the urge to cum. So now I've made his cock very responsive to my teasing, brought it to the brink of his first ejaculation, and also found the button to stop him from cumming. It feels very satisfying to gain such control over his cock. It feels almost as if I own it and it obeys my touch. And by extension, I own its gorgeous owner, Greg. It's such a thrill to have this much power and control! I must have been grinning by now.

"Well done, Jenny. You've stopped him from a premature ejaculation. Now we'll let Greg rest for a little while before we continue with the next phase." Aunt Margaret did the talking to fill in the time until we could get started again. She explained how Greg should work towards controlling his muscles and hold back by himself and not rely on the squeeze. He wouldn't want to have to pull out of the vagina to squeeze the cock head every now and then. I was told to simulate a vagina with my hand and Greg will practice vagina penetration. I would have volunteered my own vagina, but not in front of my aunt!

Doing it my aunt's way, I formed a cup with my hand and closed up my fingers and thumb to form sort of a tunnel. Placing my fingertips on Greg's cock head, I slowly pushed my hand downwards and his cock head slid into the tunnel until it reached my palm. I allowed my fingers to slip slightly apart as I pressed down so that they were just grazing his glans. That gentle tickling got him to twitch satisfyingly in my "vagina". When he reached my palm, I pressed down on it firmly for just a second and closed my fingers to grasp his shaft with a firmer grip. Does that feel tight like his girlfriend's vagina, I teased him. He didn't reply, his eyes staring at the ceiling. I then pulled back out slowly and let his cock slide all the way out. With my small hands, I reach only halfway down his shaft and I know I will be able to tease only the more sensitive end of his tool with this technique. I was really gentle when I did this as I didn't want him ejaculating into my palm like this. I want to be holding his cock when it explodes and I want to feel it spasm and shoot out his semen.

Aunt Margaret is saying that she will normally use plenty of lubricant when working on the glans, but we don't need as much since Greg has a lot of precum, and I can just gently spread it around the head. So I took my time to do the spreading, rubbing the sticky juice between my thumb and forefinger and pulling it off his pee hole like strands of spiderweb. I think my aunt guessed how much I love playing with precum. It keeps on leaking out as long as I have my fingers on the cock head. Yeah, that's a lot of precum, I teased him. He lifted his head to look at my playing and grinned at me, but didn't reply. He's busy trying to maintain his composure while I'm stimulating his glans. I grasped its 2 sides and rubbed it back and forth between my sticky digits. That got him moaning, and gave me more of his natural lube. I kept it up until I have coated the entire glans with his own juice. Just for the fun of it, i raked one of my fingernails across his lubricated cock head and made him gasp. He wasn't expecting that! Vaginas don't have fingernails.

I continued with the "vaginal penetration" and did it with a bit more force this time. Real sex isn't half as gentle as this! He was breathing hard by now. I held my fingers tightly together and pressed down onto his cock head so that it forces my fingers apart. When I've pushed all the way down and my palm touches his wet slick, I would move my palm a little to distribute the precum over the rest of the head. Pulling back out until only half the head was still inside, my fingers lingered for a while before I push back in again. I did this a few times and he was soon clenching his fists, his tight abs were moving up and down as he grunted and took short, sharp breaths.

"Greg, do you need a squeeze?" I asked.

"Greg you've done well so far, you can let it out when you can't hold back anymore. We can continue after you rest a while." Aunt Margaret countered.

"Ok let's see if you can resist for another 2 minutes." I sang out to Greg teasingly.

In between the in-out fucking with my hand, I gently fondled the sides of his cock head between my fingers, rubbing back and forth between them, and tickled with the side of my nails. That got a protest from him, an animal-like growl. My other hand was cupping his balls and I could feel them being pulled back into his body. He's very near now. That wasn't anywhere near 2 minutes. In his very aroused state, the gentle tickling of his cock head pushed him over the cliff, past the point of no return, and he's going to cum in my hands! I know he can't hold back anymore!

"I'm cumming!" he gasped.

I switched my grip and held onto his shaft to feel his orgasm. The hard cock convulsed in my hand and the first white stream of cum shot out of the pee hole and landed on his abs. I tried to hold it as steady as I could while his hips buckled and caused his gun to point all over the place. I didn't want him to shoot all over my clothes. Some more shots erupted and I seem to remember whooping while he was moaning in ecstacy. I loved the feeling of him throbbing in my hand and his general state of helplessness when his body goes through an ejaculation and buckles wildly. And when it was over, I held his cock in my hand as it deflated. It is now very sensitive and I patted it tenderly with my other hand. I played with the semen that continued to ooze out between my fingers.

I then wiped my sticky fingers on his thighs and rested one hand on his abs, still holding his softening penis with the other. I enjoyed the feel of his hard abdominal muscles, wet with perspiration, pumping as if he had run a mile. Very manly.

"Did that feel good?" I asked him quietly.

"That was awesome... So intense..." he seemed to have just woken from his enjoyment.

"Is it like this when you masturbate?" I probed.

"No... It's so much better when you were doing it... It's incredible... how you were teasing and tickling me... The way you were playing made it so much more intense than when I was wanking..."

I would like to think that I did a better job than his girlfriend, but it's probably best that I don't ask. I'm sure she will be surprised after Greg's new experience.

"Want to do it again?"

"sure..."

"Let me clean you up first. You're all covered in sticky gooey white stuff."

"Yes and it's all your fault!"

Continue with round 2.