 Part 4 - Round 3

"That... That was in... insane! What... What did you do that for?!" He stammered.

"Oh I'm so sorry. That must have really hurt. I thought you might..." I replied as soothingly as I could.

"What was that for?! Don't you know that it's super sensitive right after cumming?"

"This is so much more intense than blue balls right? I thought you might want to experience something like that once in your life. And this isn't something you can do by yourself. You need someone else to do it to you."

Oh dear, I hope I haven't overdone it. It's just a light scratch, a caress with a fingernail! Fortunately Aunt Margaret stepped in to help.

"Greg, breathe in." Aunt Margaret told him. "Take in deep breaths and try to relax. It will help you cope with the sensations. Breathe in slowly. Now listen to me, the pain will go away very soon. You'll be ok. This is called post orgasmic cock torture. This is actually sensory overload, it's not really pain. The sensations are magnified when you have just ejaculated and anything you feel can be unbearable. It's really mind-blowing though, isn't it? It's normal that you would want to run away. What Jenny gave you is a very mild taste of it. To really experience this, you would have to be strapped down while Jenny goes at you for a minute or two so you can't run away and you can't stop her. It's true! There are some guys who are really into this and they ask to be strapped down. I know, it sounds scary, and I wouldn't strap you down unless you ask for it. Do you feel like you have recovered from it yet? Can you stand up?"

Greg responded quite well to Aunt's speech and seems to have gotten over it already. I noticed that she has this authoritative and calming presence, which Greg seems to find comforting. And he trusts her. He stood up and gripped the side of the bed for support. I'd bet he is still feeling some of that magnified trauma from my fingernail. But it was really just a light scratch, I swear.

His cock was still half hard and throbbed once in a while, the last of his cum draining off the tip. There was cum all over his body and on the bed. Compared to the first round, this looks watery, but I think there was more or less just as much ejaculate. Yup, his balls must have been fully filled up. That was a satisfying thought.

I walked over and got him a glass of water which he drained at one go. He looked up at me and I smiled apologetically. He grinned. I suppose he has gotten over it already.

"That was quite an experience wasn't it? I hope you're not too upset with me... Do you still want to go for round 3? You've had fun during these 2 rounds, didn't you? I promise not to torture your cock like that again, not unless you want me to." I said to Greg.

"Round 3..." he muttered. "I've not had a round 3 yet. That would be something to experience."

"So you don't know how long you need to rest before you can go again? It's ok, sit down and have a rest. I'll get you hard again later. For now, let me clean you up again. What? Is your cock still hurting? I'll be extra gentle this time. Maybe we can go to the toilet and I wash it for you."

Aunt Margaret waved us off and sat down in her chair to wait for us. So she's going to leave us alone for a while! I don't think he can get hard yet, but I'm sure there is some way for me to have fun, especially without her around.

Greg wasn't very steady on his feet when we walked to the toilet together but he didn't want to lean on me. So I just walked beside him and looked at his semi-hard cock swinging as he walked. The toilet was just outside the massage room, down the corridor. Aunt said she didn't have any other appointments this morning so we decided to take a risk and walk over in our state of undress. It's such a hassle to put on clothing only to remove it again when we reach the toilet!

The toilet was a single cubicle unit and we locked the door from the inside. I got him to sit on the toilet bowl and wait for me. I scooped water from the running tap with my hands, turned to him and poured it on his wilting cock. Then I gently held it between my hands and tried rubbing a little with my thumb, but it was still sensitive and it was all he could do to stop himself from pulling my hands away.

"Tell you what, I know a more gentle way to clean that cum off your cock, but you mustn't tell my aunt, ok?" I told Greg.

"Ok. What's so special about it?"

I didn't bother to reply him. I bent my head down and took his exposed cock head between my lips and sucked gently. He gasped and I looked up at him. The look on his face was not of pain, but of amazement. Here I am sucking him off at last! Perhaps he had also been yearning for me to take his cock into my mouth! I gently sucked the remaining cum out of his pee hole, then used the tip of my tongue to lick his glans a few times. Incredibly, I could feel him starting to get hard again. I took more of him into my mouth and ran my tongue over every bit of it, cleaning off the cum and lubricant. He looked so helpless, sitting naked on the toilet bowl, slack jawed, his eyeballs rolling back, hands gripping the sides of the toilet bowl. He is once again lost to the sensations that his cock is feeling, once again lost in the spell that I was weaving.

I stopped after a while and released his cock. It has grown pretty big by now. I would love to give him his 3rd round with my mouth, but what would Aunt Margaret say?

"I think it's clean enough now. What do you think?" I asked.

"Wow... This sure beats using tissue paper and then having to scrape it off me with your fingernail!"

"Look at you. It's almost full grown already. Are you ready to start round 3?"

"This is incredible! I've never thought that I can get hard again so soon after having cummed twice! It still feels a little sore but yeah I think so. Do we need to go back? She will want to errr... supervise us right?"

Again, fortunately, we did not encounter anybody on the way back to the massage room. 

Coming back into the room, I was amused to see him holding his hands over his groin, as if to hide his erected penis from Aunt Margaret. I think he is shy to let her know that he had been playing, (or more accurately, he got played) while we were supposed to be getting him cleaned up only.

"Greg! I see you're ready to go again! Young men like you recover so fast!" Aunt Margaret didn't look unhappy. Maybe she was even impressed with his recovery. "Why don't you take a seat while I do a short briefing?"

Now that he's been found out, Greg stopped trying to cover up and grinned in that charming way of his. I grabbed his cock and pulled him over to the bed, like a leash on a dog's collar. He obediently followed me.

I got him to sit on the bed and I stood beside it while Aunt told us how the 3rd round should be done. I held onto his shaft with one hand and idly tickled its underside while we listened. My excuse was that I wanted to keep him hard. And to his credit he felt as hard as he did during the first 2 rounds. Strong guy!

"This is your last chance to train, so give it your all, hold back and last as long as you can. Your enjoyment ends after you've ejaculated, so make it last as long as you can." She winked at him knowingly.

"I'll leave it to Jenny to make you cum one more time. I'm sure you will last longer than in your earlier rounds, but don't get cocky and don't lose control of your cock! Remember what I've taught you so far about holding back and practice them."

"But Jenny, we've already used up most of the 2 hours, so don't do so much of the tease and stop. Make him cum in 10 minutes, ok? Unless Greg has seriously mastered what he came to learn and can last forever..."

And so he was ready to go without needing to grope my breasts, fortunately. After having tortured his cock while it was spurting and vulnerable, I wouldn't dare let him get his fingers on my nipples again!

I started off by wanking his hard cock with what I've got and rubbed my thumb onto his glans. I know I should do the vagina simulation again, that's what he's here for and it's the excuse for letting me play with his cock for over an hour already. But I wanted to wait till he is much more aroused before I do that. I want him to be near an orgasm so that he has to fight and do his best to hold back. I didn't want him to have an easy time.

The precum was slower in leaking this time. I was getting a little bored over his milder reaction. Instead of trying desperately and helplessly not to cum while I'm bullying his cock, he started chatting with me to distract himself. I was slightly offended that he's trying to ignore my attention on his cock. It's good for him to fight back and try to resist, this is his training session after all, but I would prefer to have his full attention.

I was starting to think that he can last longer than 10 minutes this time. I tried something harsher to get his attention. 

I ran my fingers over his hard ab muscles. He had what is known as "washboard abs" in Singapore, the kind of well-defined muscles with no fats covering them. Those ridges and valleys on his torso look so good! I pulled his cock down over that washboard and rubbed his glans onto his ab lines. It would have been cruel pressing it onto the hard wooden surface of a washboard, but it's fun pressing onto his muscles and using their curvature for friction. He laughed and found that kinky.

I pulled hard on his cock. I gripped it tight and pulled upwards, forcing him to lift his hips off the bed. He laughed and told me he loved it when he felt air con on his butt. I think his butt is more sweaty than his abs.

I pulled his stiffy down towards me, holding it against his hip bone. I held it with one hand and ran my fingertips all over it with the other. His cock would twitch, but I'm holding onto it firmly. I tickled his cock head, which is now staring at me. His legs squirmed a little from the pleasure and his breathing got heavier but he didn't try to pull away. Not yet Maybe he needs more warming up this 3rd time.

I grabbed his cock and spent a couple of minutes working on his glans. I was intent on getting some reaction out of him before letting him go this time. A bit of tickling, rolling it between my thumb and forefinger, pressing down around his pee hole, a few light scratches with my nails, I can see him warming up and leaking more juice. He should be ready for the vagina challenge now. I cupped my hand and pressed my fingers down onto his glans again, forcing it to slide in and hit my palm. I can see him curling his feet in pleasure.

I was standing at his hips, within the reach of his hands. He had kept them clenched at his side all this while and just helplessly endured my toying with his cock. I was surprised to feel his fingers trailing up my thighs. I didn't stop him, not even when his fingers have wandered under my miniskirt, up to the bottom and sides of my butt cheeks. I wasn't standing near enough for him to reach my pussy, but he could feel enough of my cheeks to know that I wasn't wearing panties. He was looking at me with that look of amazement again. He could be trying to make up his mind as to whether I'm wearing a g-string or none at all. He didn't ask and I kept quiet. I don't mind his imagination running wild.

"Yeah, can you feel the pussy sliding down over your cock? And your hand is getting nearer..." I teased him.

I can tell that he is getting nearer to his third ejaculation now. The mind is a big source of arousal and I'm exploiting his now. Looking back, I regretted not having asked him about his fetishes and using them on him to make him cum faster. He closed his eyes and groaned, his muscles stiff with the effort to hold back. I started pumping his shaft again.

"Does this feel good, Greg? Are you going to cum soon? I want you to cum all over my hands again. Shoot onto my breasts if you want to. They are naked and waiting for your cum."

He opened his eyes and stared at my bare tits and erected nipples hanging over his cock, jiggling enticingly with my pumping action. He is once again slack-jawed, seemingly lost in a haze of lust and unable to speak. This gorgeous boy is more like an animal in heat now. He is now reacting to stimulation and no longer able to try and hold back.

With a groan, his body shuddered and he went into the throes of his third ejaculation. He grabbed a handful of my butt cheek and clenched hard as he cummed. I lost balance and let go of his spurting cock. But anyway he had only a few drops of semen by this third round. They landed on his thighs and the bed again. His eyes rolled back and he forgot to aim at my bare tits. The way he was shuddering, it seems as if his life is spurting out through his cock... 

And when the spasms stopped, he curled up into a ball and moaned, as if to protect his cock from more stimulation. As if he can't bear to have another orgasm again. As if he had been forcefully stimulated and made to ejaculate against his will. As if I had raped him. I think 3 rounds in 2 hours is really his limit.

My arms ached a little at the end of the vigorous handjob session but it felt immensely satisfying to be able to make him cum and also stop him from cumming so many times that I have lost count. I think what I had done to him had been a little harsh, taking control of his cock like that. I felt a little sorry for him. Then I reminded myself that he is a willing participant and he had enjoyed the whole 2 hour session tremendously. I just hope he doesn't get any lasting psychological damage!

He lasted around 10 minutes in round 3 when I was stimulating him vigorously. That seems an improvement over cumming in 2 mins when he has sex. To be able to last so much longer, can he be considered to have graduated from the training? I hope this helps him last longer in round 1 next time, because with his good looks he will have no lack of girls and he will need to improve his holding power! I feel very privileged to have this encounter with him when he is still so inexperienced and vulnerable.