 It was Sunday and I was lying in bed beside my boyfriend. We were both awake and neither of us was very energetic at that point. He was on his back and I was on my right side, facing him. He had his left arm under my neck, a natural pillow.

I've always loved the way he smells. I don't know how to describe it except to say he smells just as a man should. I feel comfortable in his embrace. Safe. Loved. Just all of the good things I need from a man. We've been dating for over two years and pretty much exclusive for the last year and a half. We've been talking about living together and maybe even the 'M' word. I really do think he's the one. I just feel confident when we're together. I can't explain it any better than that, but my best girlfriend says I look smug when I'm with him.

Anyway, my left arm was on top and I was touching his chest and abs gently. It was more of an act of petting him than anything else I can describe. He was making contented happy sounds and I guess I was, too.

My hand covered his abs and ventured under the covers to his thigh. From there, a little further to his center, just barely covering his penis and balls. I was thinking what a nice package he has. It's not terribly big, but he's the perfect size for me. He wasn't hard at all, just a warm collection of man flesh. I just held him. His human thong or something.

He obviously liked that. He turned his head and lightly kissed me on my lips. I kissed him back. Not really hotly, just loving him.

We continued to swap gentle kisses and I continued to hold his genitals. As we snuggled, I felt a little bit of movement in my hand. I love making my sweet man grow in my hands. I decided not to do anything active, just to hold him and enjoy his reactions to my loving him.

"You trying to start something, love?"

I considered this for a moment, but shook my head. "Just a good snuggle with my best friend."

He chuckled and kissed me again. We continued to kiss and nuzzle each other and I kept my hand where it was. I was always fascinated by the way a cock grows and by how much. It really is a miracle of nature.

I had my thumb wrapped under his cock now, my fingers just holding the rest. It was beginning to straighten itself out and to grow in length. I think that's the part that always fascinates me. Bobby's cock grows from something the size of my thumb to about seven inches in length and thick enough that I can barely get my thumb and middle finger around it in the 'OK' sign. I love the way he's able to fill me up with that little monster of his.

That thought started the vagina remodeling program. I can feel it enlarging and lengthening inside me as it begins to moisten up to get ready for a very pleasant invasion. I giggled as I remembered a prayer one of my girlfriends says she sends up at times like this. "For that which we are about to receive, let us be truly grateful. Amen."

He kissed me a little more firmly, letting the tip of his tongue tickle my lips briefly. "Something funny?"

I kissed the tip of his nose and nibbled on it gently. "Just a prayer my girlfriend taught me."

He considered that for a moment. "Is that a prayer of thanksgiving or supplication?"

I laughed and repeated it for him to hear. "What do you think?"

He laughed. "A little of both, I think."

As he chuckled, his cock gave a nice little spasm and grew some more for me. "Oh, it's twue, it's twue!"

He guffawed. "You know what Lili von Shtupp's name means?"

He was up to a rather nice semi by this point. I could just begin to stroke it. I just love handling his cock. I get a lot of pleasure out of jacking him in the most interesting places...

"No. What does it mean?"

"My Jewish friend told me Shtupp means 'fuck' in Yiddish."

I laughed at that. "That's perfect, then. I like to fuck."

His cock gave another delightful spasm as I said that. He loves it when I talk dirty. I can put on a very innocent, conservative face when I want to. Bobby also says I look younger than my age. He certainly likes it when I put on my schoolgirl uniform with the pleated skirt I bought for Halloween the first year we were dating. I'm generally guaranteed a good energetic fuck when I wear it for him. He loves to fuck me with my clothes on sometimes.

By this time, his lovely cock overflowed my hand and I was gently stroking it for him. I love rubbing him to the point he begins to moan and make precum for me to taste. He says he likes how my juices taste just as much as I love tasting him. 

I kissed him again, opening my mouth. His tongue met mine and we wrestled so pleasantly. Before I knew it, there was my favorite moisture on the tip of his cock. I rubbed my thumb across the tip of his helmet and brought it to my lips. Before I sampled it, I offered it to Bobby. "Want a taste?"

By answer, he brought his hand to my inner thigh, encouraging me to open my legs for his explorations. I opened them widely to give him full access. He smiled and kissed me again as he began to caress my inner thighs. It was my turn to spasm and moan. I didn't let go of his hard cock at this point. I had plans for that fucker.

He stroked my slit, bringing moisture from my vaginal opening up to my clit. I've schooled him well. He's very careful touching my clit as it's so amazingly sensitive. He always starts off to the side, circling her widely, bringing more and more lube up to her, gradually narrowing the circle of his stimulation until I'm able to enjoy his rubbing my clit directly. By then, he's got at least two fingers inside me and I'm close to cumming.

I needed his hardness inside me. I couldn't take any more teasing. Instead, I gently moved his fingers from my vagina and I rolled on top of him, riding his now very hard cock as though I were sliding along a rail. My wetness made for some lovely lubrication and his hard cock, rubbing on my clitoris only make me produce more. I took a moment just to ride and fuck his gorgeous cock before I took it in my hand and directed it where I wanted it - deep into my cunt.

There is no sexier feeling than the first penetration of my pussy by a hard cock. I shiver with the memory of being opened up for the pleasure of my guy. Feeling him enter me is simply heavenly. Sometimes I go very slowly to savor it. This time, however, I just plunged onto his stiff member and swallowed him all up. He moaned so deliciously and I had a lovely spasm deep inside me.

He grinned as he felt my response to his hard cock. He realized I wasn't going to last very long, so he began to move my pelvis on top of him, moving me on and off of him, maneuvering his cock in and out of me. I braced on his chest and concentrated on giving him a good squeeze with my vaginal muscles. He liked that a lot.

He moved his hands to cover my breasts and got my nipples between his fingers to give them a good squeeze and a little bit of a twist, too. I just fucked him and fucked him until I began to feel his precious cock begin to spasm inside me. His orgasm tipped me over the edge for my own. 

After we'd both finished, we rolled me onto my back and I held him inside of me for as long as I could, milking his wonderful cock for as much baby juice as I could get out of him.

He finally began to shrink and the pressure of my vagina squeezed him out of me. I stayed on my back with my legs up for a moment. I wanted his spunk as deeply inside me as I could get it. I had plans for it.

He kissed me and got up to go to the bathroom. I got out of bed and began to dress. I had my bra and panties on by the time he got back. "Going to church with that 'just fucked' look on your face?"

I kissed him and hugged him closely. "I'm going to church this morning, love. Meeting Tammi there and then we're going to lunch. Want to come with?"

I know he hates going to church and that he would pass on it as he always did. He took a deep sniff. "You sure smell like sex, darling. I'll bet you have half the boys on your ass wanting what you got."

I giggled. "I don't mind if they look and even sniff. You're the only guy who gets to fuck me."

He kissed me again. "I'm glad, love. I really don't want to share you with another guy, though I'll bet you'd enjoy seconds sometimes."

"I'm yours forever, love. I love how you fuck me and your cock is the most amazing thing ever. I want every inch of it whenever you want to give it to me."

I pulled a nice short-sleeved navy blue skater dress on and turned to mutely ask him to zip me up. Sitting on the edge of the bed, I pulled on a pair of thigh highs and then a few modest pieces of jewelry. It took me only a few minutes to do my makeup and put on my pumps.

I made sure I had some necessities in my purse - tissues, a minipad, lipstick, and my phone. I found Bobby lying on the couch, surfing channels and I bent over to kiss him. He ran his hand up my inner thigh to my panties. 

Grinning, he kissed me back. "Just a little wet, love."

"That's entirely your fault, you sex maniac."

I grabbed my coat and went to the car. I found Tammi sitting in her family pew and sat next to her. She looked a question at me and I nodded and grinned. "Just a half hour ago."

I primly folded my coat across my lap and made to listen to the church service. Feeling her hand begin its exploration under my dress, I let my legs open for her and she found just how wet I really was.

"I have to go to the ladies' room."

I gathered my things. "I'll come with you, Tam."

When we got there, it was empty and we had our choice of stalls. Naturally, I chose the largest, the handicapped stall where I laid my coat on the floor. Tammi gratefully knelt on it after she gave me a hug and a kiss. I opened my legs for her as she lifted my dress and began to kiss her way up my thighs to her prize. She truly loves her cream pies. I've seen her orgasm as she licks the semen out of me and that generally gives me a nice cum, too.

Once she'd finished me, I shared the tastes of my pussy and my boyfriend's cum as I reached under her dress to find she'd left her panties off. We kissed and generally made out as I fingered her to a nice orgasm before we repaired our makeup and went back into the church for the homily, having worshipped at the nicest altar anywhere.