 Note: Sorry, really didn't know how to catagorize this. 

*****

Both my sister and girlfriend discovered my sudden growth between my legs. Both basically used me as their fuck toy; not that I'm complaining. Having a 12 inch piece of meat does mean I have to provide services to the ones I love, doesn't it?

So Monday morning, I have already shut off my alarm clock three times. "Knock...Knock!" There was rapping on my bedroom door.

"Timmy! You better get up!" Mom called out and opened the door. "Breakfast is almost..." was all she got out.

I woke up as I do most days with morning wood, except previously my erection barely made a bump under my bedding. Now there was a very noticeable mountain under my sheets she had to notice.

"... Ready!" She finally managed. Mom left and closed the door behind her.

Now fully awake, I sat up in bed. "Shit!"

I did my three S's (shit, shower and shave), although the last "S" wasn't really necessary since I lacked any facial hair. In fact, other than some sparse pubic and underarm sprigs, my body was basically hairless which was really good for wrestling. Unlike some of my other hairy teammates who complained they had to shave all the time.

I pulled on a pair of my compression shorts to help control and keep my member against my inner thigh before I pulled up my jeans and tucked in my tee. I looked in the mirror and shook my head as I could still see the thick outline of my hanging dick through the pant leg. 

"Tim! Breakfast." Mom called out.

I ran downstairs to the kitchen, scooted to the safety of the table and quickly sat down.

Mom looked into my eyes as she placed a plate of eggs and peameal bacon. "Good Morning, honey." 

"Hi, Mom. Thanks." I replied.

Sarah sat at the table opposite of me. She was still dress in her PJ's. She picked up her cup of coffee and raised it to her lips. "Morning, stud." Then I felt a naked foot invade between my knees. Sarah's toes played and rubbed my knob. I was already semi-firm but this caused a full mast.

"Mmmmm..." Moaned Sarah. "I think I could eat some kielbasa this morning. Maybe every morning."

"Sarah! Stop it! Mom might hear." I said in a scolded whisper. "I think she already suspects something."

"Really!" Sarah's eyes popped wide.

"Yeah, she walked into my room this morning and I'm pretty sure she noticed the tent under my sheets." I explained. "She didn't say anything, but she gave me a funny look."

I finished wolfing down breakfast and took off for school. "I've got practice after school." I reminded everyone in the house within yelling range.

I got on the crowded bus and made my way to the middle. There weren't any seats left so I ended up holding on to a pole next to a relatively attractive, red headed woman who was seated in the single seat. I stared out the window as the bus moved to the next stop where more riders got on. Now it was really crowded and I was being pressed from behind. The red head looked up at me and gave me the once over... Then the twice over... Her eyes widened and her mouth fell open a bit when she noted my prominent bulge in my pant leg. 

Red looked up into my eyes and licked her lips. She looked around. The way I was pressed into her prohibited on-lookers. Cautiously, she raised a hand and placed her palm against my shaft. Red grabbed as much of my dick as she could through my jeans and stroked my length. She continued even after half the bus left and no one was there to push me into her. 

By the time I had to get off, my boner was so hard I could barely walk properly. I looked down at her and said "Thanks, but my stop is coming up."

Red withdrew her hand and opened her purse. She pulled out a business card and stuffed it into my pocket before I had to get off.

I calmed down enough to be able to jog to my locker to put in my jacket and some of my books I didn't need for the next few periods.

"Hi, Tim!" I heard a high pitched voice call out.

I turned to see it was Katlynn, the school's most gorgeous, top cheerleader and girlfriend of Brad the football captain. Brad was turning 18 next week, but Katlynn was older than him by at least a couple of months. Still, they were a stunning couple. But this was the first time Katlynn ever said hello to me out of the blue. She was good friends amongst the group of girls that included Marsha my girlfriend though, Brad and I almost never hang together unless we're with our girlfriends at the same time.

The entire morning was like that. Girls who barely would give me the time of day were all saying "hello" to me. I finally caught up with Marsha for lunch. Normally we would sit at a table mostly by ourselves but today, we were surrounded by an unusual number of girls.

"Marsha, what's going on?" I asked. 

"Well... I kind of mentioned to Katlynn yesterday." Marsha started.

"Mentioned what?"

"Umm... About your..." Marsha's voice trailed off.

"What! You told them about my di..."

"We don't hide secrets in our group. I guess word of your dick got around." Marsha smiled. "They're just curious. But remember, you're with me so be careful if you know what I mean."

"Err yeah... Sure." I kind of stuttered.

I had wrestling practice after classes, but I was late to get to the locker room. All of the others had changed and were warming up. I stripped down and pulled on my jock strap. Even totally flaccid, the cup was way too small. 

"Fuck!" I swore. I thought maybe I could get away with using just the support part for now. I pulled out the hard cup and struggled to fold myself inside the pouch before pulling on my compression shorts and singlet. I looked between my legs and realized it was going to be really hard (pun intended) to hide my package.

I made my way to the gym and quickly sat down to warm up and stretch as Coach blew his whistle.

"Okay, you guys were pretty weak in turning reversals last tournament." Coach scolded us. "Double up!"

I'm a light weight but usually practice with the heavier guys. It's really an advantage as I need to use more speed and technique rather than strength. I was about to pair up with Todd my usual practice buddy when Coach yelled out. "Tim, go with Kalita."

Our wrestling program supported both sexes and most of the time, we practiced together. Kalita was a blond, middle weight with a tight body and fair sized boobs for a female wrestler. She was pretty good and was working towards the Seniors 18 plus All-schools championships. 

Kalita started in bottom position on all fours. I positioned myself behind, my left foot basically between her knees and my right foot just to her right. I placed my hands on her back and waited for the whistle to begin. 

"Tweeeet!"

Kalita isn't the school's best for no reason. She quickly grabbed my right foot before I could bear hug her from behind. She pulled my leg into her and caused me to topple over but I was able to quickly reverse and rolleda her over my body and onto the mat. Neither of us were able to get an advantage over the other before the "Tweeet!" to end the round. We repeated the exercise a number of times.

"Better but I know you guys can to better!" Coach called out. "Try again on your own. I'll walk around and watch."

"Uh oh!" I thought. "It's shifting!" I felt my dick slip out from my jock strap and unfurl down my leg. Kalita was in position on fours. She had an amazing ass, hard and round. Really just perfect. "Bad thoughts!" I started getting a little firm.

Kalita looked back at me. "Well? Are we waiting for something? Coach said to start on our own."

I took my position but before I could set, Kalita pulled me down so I landed on my right knee. I wrapped my arms around her shoulders and accidentally grabbed handfuls of her breasts. I guess she was used to it and didn't say anything. But the worst part was I felt my dick press into her ass crack.

Kalita rolled and the next thing I realized she had pinned me. "Ha! Gotcha!"

Either she didn't feel me or chose to ignore it. Hopefully the latter because she was used to practicing with guys and probable experienced the same shit.

We changed positions with me on defense. Kalita took her position. "Ready? Go!" 

Rather than bear hug turn, Kalita dropped her weight onto my back to try and control my movement. I shifted slightly and Kalita reached over and took hold of my opposite shoulder. Then with her other hand she reached between my legs and grabbed my thigh. The thigh that I was dangling. The next I realized I was on my back.

"Tim! What the hell are you doing" Coach yelled at me. "I know it's only practice, but get your head in the game!"

Kalita looked at me as I got into position again. Kalita placed a hand on my back and the other on my ass. I felt it slide downwards between my thighs and into my crotch. She grabbed a hold of it and slid her hand along the growing shaft. A finger play around my tip.

"Tim! What...?" Kalita and I had practiced together before and she knew that I didn't own this type of equipment. She continued to stroke me.

I sat up and turned to her. "I... um... It's a long story."

Practice with her after that was a little weird, well weirder. 

"Okay, everyone showers!" Coach ordered. "James, Kalita and Tim. Stay!"

Typically after practice, we three seniors meet to discuss strategy with Coach. It was a short meeting but long enough for me to soften up a bit.

When we hit the showers, most of the others were gone. James was already washing up as I found an empty shower stall. I looked down at my dangling monster. "Shit!" I grunted I guess a bit too loudly.

"What?" I heard James call out, but I ignored him.

I got back to my locker before him and used my towel to hide myself. James the obnoxious bastard basically stood in front of me while drying his shaved head shaking his dick back and forth. 

"James, how..." I started.

"I told you it's over 10 inches hard."

"Yeah, that's not ..." I stammered. "How do you manage to keep control of it when you wrestle?"

"What?" He stopped rubbing his head. "What the fuck are you talking about and why ..."

I pulled my towel away and stood up. James looked downward. His eyes widened as he saw how long I was. It was longer than his. He just stood there with his mouth open, nothing came out.

As we dressed, I quickly told him what happened. He was so stunned he couldn't even talk. Every time he tried to open his mouth to speak, nothing came out and he just shook his head in amazement.

"James, I can't wear my regular cup! I can't wrestle like this. What do you do?"

He gave me the place where they make custom jocks for him and then left. I finished tying my shoes and collected my bag. I looked around once more to make sure I had everything and left the locker. Outside, Kalita was waiting for me.

"Tim! You want to explain to me what the fuck is in your pants?" She said as she grabbed my crotch.

"Okay, but not here."

We ended up at her place a few blocks from the school. 

"Mom, this is Tim from the wrestling team." Introduced Kalita.

"Hello, Tim. Nice to meet you." She said. "Kalita has mentioned you often."

"Really?" I thought.

Kalita's mom was a slightly older version of her daughter. A 5 foot 6 blond haired, beauty, with a shapely body. They could have been sisters rather than mother-daughter.

"Nice to meet you." I replied as Kalita pulled me.

We went to her room and she closed the door behind. I looked around and was kind of surprised at the décor. It wasn't all wrestling and trophy-ish, but was more delicate and girly-ish.

She turned to me with her arms crossed under her firm breasts. "Well?" 

"Auuu..." I started. "Last week, in the showers, James was flaunting himself. He's pretty big down there."

"Yeah, I know." Kalita shook her head. "He keeps bragging about it. Says it gives him his strength like Sampson's hair. I'd like to cut his balls off some days."

"Anyways, I'm not... wasn't that endowed and wished I was bigger." I continued. "Next morning I woke to find it had grown. Really that's it."

"Hmmm. Kind of a growth spurt." She chuckled. "I feels amazing. Nicer than James'"

"You've felt James?" I was shocked.

"I wrestle. I enjoy wrestling, but I'm not a dyke!"

"Oh no... no! I didn't mean that. But you always seem so ..." I searched to the right word.

"Yeah, the team is great, but I don't want to really bum around with them socially."

"So how do you know what James' dick feels like?" I asked curiously.

"We dated for a couple of months when I first joined the team. Thought it would help me." Kalita started to explain. "I jacked him off after a few dates and even sucked him a couple of times, but when he wanted to go further, I told him 'no' so he dropped me like a hot potato. And that's the other reason why I don't socialize with the team too much."

"But you told your mom about me." I prodded.

"Yes." She said coyly. "I really like you. Tim. You're a nice guy. But you're going out with Marsha so..."

Then there was embarrassing quiet. We both just stood there, not knowing what to say next.

Finally Kalita broke the silence. "Tim... Can I see it?"

"I don't know, Kalita." But as I looked at her pleading eyes and pouting lips. "But what about Tony?"

Tony was Kalita's off and on boyfriend. Although we weren't really friends, I knew and liked him. Nice guy but very quiet. 

"I won't tell his if you don't." She replied. "Tell you what. I'll take off my clothes first. Maybe it will make you feel more comfortable."

Without waiting for my answer, Kalita pulled her sweat shirt over her head and pushed down her jeans. I knew she had a nice bod since the wrestling singlets we wear don't hide much but my mouth dropped open seeing her in panties and bra. She reached around and unclipped her bra. If fell to the floor. Kalita looked at me and bit her lower lip and then pushed her panties downward. Her pussy was shaven save for a trim strip. I couldn't help but get stiff inside my pants. The large bulge was unmistakeable. 

Kalita smiled. "Please? I really need to see it now!"

I popped the buttons on my 501's and slowly pushed them down towards my feet. As I revealed more and more of my horse dick, Kalita's eyes widened with excitement until I was free of any constrictions. My cock sprung up and pointed directly at Kalita.

"Oh!" Kalita taken aback by the sudden appearance of my third leg pointing straight out. "Oh my god! It's big! And beautiful! And so hard! Can I touch it?"

"We've gone this far, why not." 

Cautiously, she reached out and touched it with her index finger. She looked at me and then wrapped her hand around it. Automatically, Kalita started stroking it as she knelt in front of me. "Holy Jesus, Tim! I think yours is way bigger than James is now!"

Kalita opened her mouth and started to suck on the pre-cum that leaked out. "Uuuh...uuuh...uuuh! Was all that came from her throat. Although she could get less than half in her mouth, her BJ technique was incredible. 

"Oh god, Kalita! That feels so incredible." The cum in my balls were at a hard simmer.

My cock popped from her mouth. "Wow! That is so nice." Kalita stood up. She reached down and pushed my cock between her legs sliding her wet pussy lips along me shaft. "Oh fuck, Tim! I need it inside me!"

She pushed me onto her bed and straddled me. My cock was pressed between our bodies. Kalita slid her cunt up and down lubricating my cock. She then leaned forward until my knob found her hot hole. "Oh god!" She grunted as she moved her ass downward and I entered inside her.

"It's fucking stretching me so open, Tim!" I was more than three-quarters in. "I've never had a cock inside me so deeply before." But she kept lowering herself on me until I was all the way in.

Kalita's cunt was tight. I was guessing that she and Tony had sex but he wasn't very big. I could feel ever pulse and pull on my dick.

Kalita moved her ass back and forth only slightly but the tight sucking of her cunt was going to make me explode. "Kalita, you're going to make me cum! You need to stop or let me pull out!"

"Fucking no! I want you to cum in me!" Her head was thrashing back and forth. "I need you to cum in me. Give me to me now!"

It was too late now anyways. My white cream shot out of my piss hole like water from a fire fighter's hose. Kalita continued to fuck me harder and harder. It felt like I dumped a quart of cum inside her. 

With balls emptied, Kalita laid atop my chest panting. Her body jerked each time my cock spasmed. "Uh!" She grunted each time. 

"Knock! Knock!" Kalita's bedroom door opened. 

"Kalita, I was just wondering if Tim wanted to stay for din..." Kalita's Mom never finished the sentence.

"Uuuu..." I uttered. 

"Mom!" Kalita shouted. 

She extracted herself from me. Even after such a hard cum, I was still pretty solid. I watched as Kalita's Mom's eyes widened as she watched my pole slide out from her daughter's cunt. As my knob popped out, a flood of cum poured out of her and coated my groin area.

"Tim. I think you should get dressed and speak with me downstairs. Kalita, you wait here until I come to speak with you." Her mother said.

With my dick now softened, I cleaned up as best I could and got dressed.

"Tim. That was the best fuck ever." Kalita informed me. "Tony is nowhere as big as you and is barely adequate. I want to do this on a regular basis."

"Kalita. I don't know. Especially since your Mom..."

"Don't worry about her. She knows I'm not virginal anymore. She's actually okay. Don't worry."

"Tim!" I heard Kalita's Mom call out.

"It will be no strings, just strictly fucking. We'll talk more later." Kalita said. 

I left and went to see Kalita's mother.

"Uuuh... Mrs..." Was all I managed to get out.

"Never mind the Mrs. Crap. My name is Krista." She started out. She stood right in front of me. "Okay, you've fucked my daughter. At least I know she's on the pill, but you and she need to be more careful. She is still very inexperienced."

Krista grabbed my balls then slid her hand along my growing staff. "Give me your number. When I call you, you will come. Then I will show you the difference experience and maturity makes.