 "Dear Sir" the email began...

I had decided to invite my internet lover to meet me for dinner. But not just any dinner and certainly not just any restaurant. Since the online and phone sexcapades had been very hot, the first contact had to at least live up to the phone calls and correspondence. There would be no "let's meet for coffee" date for us!

I have, in my possession, the name of an exclusive restaurant that serves a very special dinner. This restaurant is so exclusive, that you have to have an invitation to be seated at one of their limited tables. A girlfriend gave me her invitation when I told her about planning our first meeting."Trust me," she said. "And when it comes time for dessert, order the 'House Special.'"

We agree to meet at 9 pm (a very continental time for dinner) at the restaurant. I decided to arrive a bit early. I was a little anxious about the meeting and the restaurant. I wanted everything to go well. When I arrived at the restaurant, I found that it was very quiet and the lighting was very intimate and soft...mostly lit by candles and soft wall sconces. There was, however, no sign of a traditional dinning room. Only a series of doors along one side of the long, narrow restaurant. I was greeted by the owner and he escorted me to a door about halfway down the corridor. He opened the door and allowed me to enter. This was not what I had anticipated.

The small room was very romantic and cozy. There was a beautiful antique table in the center of the room and a long, extra-wide padded bench along the back wall that sat just under the edge of the table. Above the sitting area, a large mirror reflected the entire room. The only other piece of furniture in the room was a carved serving table against the side wall. The owner helped me to remove my coat and then told me he would send in my guest when he arrived.

I didn't have long to wait. The door opens and he walks in. Our first glance is intense and then we both realize we are staring and both glance at the floor. We look back up at the same time and smile at each other. Both of us were obviously very nervous about meeting for the first time and it was a relief to know that the smile said it all...neither of us was disappointed. I sit (gracefully, I hope!) down on the settee and pat the place beside me. He comes over to me, but before sitting down, he leans in and gives me a gentle kiss on the lips, leans back and looks me in the eyes and returns for a longer, more intimate meeting of the lips. He breaks the kiss off with a small lick to my lower lip. 

"Oh yes," I think, "this is going to be good."

He sits next to me and takes my hand. We start talking...about nothing, about everything. At some point in the conversation, a pair of waiters enter the room. One is carrying a tray with drinks and bottles; the other is loaded with a large platter of assorted delicacies. 

"Ummhh," I said, "we haven't ordered yet. We haven't even seen menus."

"No, I know," the waiter says, "We don't have menus. We serve an assortment of foods selected for the type of fantasy evening you wish to have. We are aware that you are meeting for the first time and that you wish this to be an erotic dinner. Based on this, we have brought you food that serves as both nourishment and as an aphrodisiac. There are also no utensils for eating nor are there napkins for cleaning your hands. All of this must come from each other."

He turns and leaves us to our dinner.

We glance toward each other, shrug, and decide to enjoy this rather unique experience. We look to see what the waiter left for us to eat. The tray was an artistically arranged assortment of food that could be eaten with your fingers. There were strips of vegetables, meats and slices of assorted breads. There were the traditional "love-foods" of oysters and asparagus. There was also lobster, shrimp, sea scallops, and crab meat. There were strips of grilled chicken and ham and small kabobs with steak and peppers. There was an assortment of vegetables: fresh steamed green beans, potato pearls, stuffed mushrooms and olives, grilled zucchini and much more. And in the center of the tray was an assortment of sauces and garnishes for the variety of food being offered. 

I reach for a piece of lobster and dip it into the melted butter and start to bring it to my lips. He reaches across and stops my hand and brings the morsel to his mouth. He eats the food from my fingers, licking the butter from my fingertips — all the while looking me in the eyes. Ahhh, I see how this meal is to proceed.

We each reach for food, dip it in sauces and bring the food to the others' mouth. We bite and lick and eat our way through a portion of the tray. My fingers are constantly cleaned by his tongue and lips. I hold his hand while he is feeding me and usually nip his fingers as he places the food in my mouth. I notice a drop of sauce at the corner of his lips and lean in and lick it clean. As the last stroke of my tongue leaves his lip, he leans in and sucks my tongue into his mouth. We fall into each other's arms and he pulls me down on top of him as he reclines on the bench. Tongues are mating and dueling for possession of the other's mouth. Hands are stroking and grasping through the barrier of clothing. He reaches into the deep v-neck of my blouse and caresses my breasts through my lace bra. My nipples are hard and my tits swell as he squeezes and strokes. We are both on fire for each other. The meal was just a long bout of foreplay. He slowly unbuttons my blouse. He is desperate to suck on my nipples. I stretch my hand between our bodies and stroke the hard cock that is straining against his pants. We are both panting and very close to tearing each others clothes off. 

Suddenly, the waiter returns to remove the tray of food and he goes to the sideboard and pours us both a drink... pretending not to notice what he has interrupted. We both sit up, straightening our clothes the best we can. I am embarrassed to be caught in such a position and my date is a bit angry at having to stop our lovemaking.

"I will bring dessert," he says. "What would you like."

"To be left alone," my new lover mutters.

I try to hide my smile as I tell the waiter what my girlfriend said to order. "We will have the 'House Special,'" I say. He smiles at me, says he thought that would work and he leaves, promising to return in just a few minutes (this as more of a warning than a promise).

My date and I look at each other and start to laugh. We sip the drinks the waiter left. It is a cool fruity drink that I can only assume has alcohol in it. It is very refreshing. The waiter returns with another tray. But, on this one are slices of fruit, strawberries, cherries, truffles, and small cakes with honey and almonds. In the center of the tray is a large bowl of warm chocolate and a bowl of light, fluffy whipped cream.

The waiter walks to the door, bows and tells us that there will be no further interruptions — please take our time, enjoy the dessert and each other. He looks down significantly at my lover's still stiff cock, smiles and leaves the room. My dinner companion gets up and goes to the door, turns the lock and returns to the table with a glint in his eye.

"We really should enjoy this dessert," he says, "But I think it would really be a lot better if we do this without our clothes on. Would you feel comfortable with that?"

At this point, I am so hot and so wet, that I couldn't wait to get our clothes off. I reach for his shirt and begin unbuttoning it. Meanwhile, he is doing the same to mine. We shed our shirts and I reach for his zipper. 

"Let me," he says. "Things are a bit tight there right now."

He kicks off his shoes and socks and lowers the zipper on his pants. He removes his pants and underwear and stands before me with his penis erect and ready. I reach around me and unzip my skirt and remove it. I am still wearing my lacy bra and matching panties. He takes my bra off and slowly slides my panties down my thighs. They drop to my heels and I kick them off. We are both now completely naked.

He is still standing in front of me and I reach for his cock and start to lower my lips, but then at the last minute, I remember this wonderful tray of dessert items. Now, the purpose for the food makes sense. I dip my fingers into the warm chocolate and slowly spread it up and around that wonderful stiff cock. Around and around I coat his penis in chocolate. It seems to make him even harder. I then take my fingers and bring a handful of whipped cream to his balls and slowly spread the thick cream all around and under his sac. God, he looks delicious. My mouth is watering and my tongue is ready to lick him clean. I decide to start with the underside of his balls and reach around him and spread my hands on his ass and pull him forward toward my waiting mouth. I love the feel of his butt in my hands and I squeeze and fondle him as I start to lick the cream from the beneath his balls. I lick and suck on his sac and occasionally take a swipe at the chocolate coating his cock. His hands are in my hair, holding my head and guiding me where he wants me next. By the time his balls are clean, his cock is straining toward my mouth.

"Wait," I say. And I straighten up and push my chest out toward his cock. "I shouldn't have all that chocolate to myself."

I place his cock between my tits and plump the sides together to form a warm sleeve for his chocolate-coated prick. He starts to slowly pump up through this mound of flesh. The head of his cock is coming toward my mouth and I lean into it and give it a lick each time it appears. It doesn't take much of this before his cock explodes streams of cum on my chest and neck. He falls back onto the bench, trying to catch his breath. I reach down, mix the cum into the chocolate coating my tits. And I lick a portion from my fingers. I continue to swirl and lick while he tries to regain his composure. I am sure that with the right incentive, he will be ready to go again in record time. It was now up to me to provide him with a reason to get hard again.

I stand and move the tray to the edge of the table. I then seat myself on the table, spread my legs so that he has a direct view of my very wet — very ready pussy and I start to pick up pieces of fruit from the tray. I glance up and see my nude reflection in the mirror. I give a small smile. I then dip the fruit in the chocolate and spread the chocolate over my nipples. I move down my torso to my belly button and I fill it up with chocolate and whipped cream and adorn it with a cherry. I paint extravagant designs with the chocolate across my stomach and down to my pubic hair and my pussy. I reach one hand down, spread my lips apart and add more chocolate to my clit and cunt. I even add a touch of whipped cream to my puckered anal opening. I garnish the area with fruit and honey. I have made myself into a moveable feast. I glance down at him and know that I have his undivided attention. In fact, I had been so intensely concentrating on the erotic self-body painting, that I only now notice that he is once again rock hard and ready to fuck me. But first, he has to have dessert. I lay back on the table, spread my legs and wait for him to begin eating.

He begins with my tits and nipples. Some of the chocolate-cum mixture was still there between my cleavage and he licks that clean. Then he sucks my nipples almost to the point of pain. His tongue continues down my body until he reaches my belly button. He eats the fruit and chocolate there, also. But it is clear that his goal is the pussy-feast. He gives a quick swipe of his tongue to my clit...very careful not to let me cum. He reaches for the tray and gets a handful of strawberries and cherries and begins dipping them into the chocolate that has now mixed with the juice from my pussy. As he eats the fruit coated with this exotic dip, he is using his free hand to feed me some of the berries dipped in my pussy. I eat the fruit, tasting the combination of flavors and I lick his fingers clean. He continues to feast on me until I am clean. He even gives that special puckered hole a lick and suck! Then he stands, places his hard, hard cock at my cunt and pushes into my pussy. I begin squeezing my inner muscles and moving my hips to meet each thrust. He reaches under me, grabs my ass and lifts my hips up to meet him. I am squeezing my tits and playing with my nipples as he looks down on me, watching my enjoyment of the moment. Both of us are so close, so very close to coming that just a sound or a movement will put us over. I give one more squeeze to his cock and this pushes him over the edge. I feel him swelling and then I feel the heat from his sperm deep inside me. He keeps coming and this tosses me over the edge. I give a muffled scream as I have a series of orgasms — one right after another. 

He leans down, lifts me onto his chest and helps me down from the table. We lay beside each other on the bench seat and try to return to normal. After a while of resting in this position, we look down at each other and are aware that we are both very sticky and messy from our activities. We decide to throw on our outer clothing and leave the restaurant. My place is the closest and we go there to shower...together. The rest of the evening is spent with us working on a few more fantasies... and a midnight snack!

The End — Bon Appetit!