 This is the third part to my Guest House series. I want to thank everyone for taking the time to rate or favorite my stories and I hope you enjoy this story as much as I had writing it. 

--------------------------------------------------

Dylan finished his breakfast and put on his running pants and shoes before heading out. He did a few stretches and took his first few steps out of the driveway and onto the road when he heard footsteps behind him. 

"Hi," Cindy said and ran up to him. "Need a running partner."

"Sure," he said. She wore another tight fitting sports bra and spandex shorts. He had to focus on the road ahead because her bouncing breasts were mesmerizing.

They ran for ten minutes before they approached a wooded area where a marking trails were posted on a sign. She stopped at the sign.

"I don't take the trails unless I have a partner," Cindy said. "I have watched too many horror movies, but the yellow trail is perfect."

"Lead the way," he said and she took off down the trail.

For the next twenty minutes, he watched her tight ass as they traversed the path. They stopped to catch their breath at a pond. Two ducks swam peacefully and the morning sun rose over the outcrop of trees. They sat next to each other on a rock, their arms touching, and his heart beat with excitement. He could almost sense that she increased the pressure a little.

"Isn't it beautiful?" she asked.

"You have no idea," he said and their eyes met. She gave him a warm smile and then stood up.

"Ready to finish up," she said and didn't wait for him to respond before starting.

He caught up to her as they exited the trail and back onto asphalt. They stopped back in the driveway and faced each other. Sweat trickled down her cheek and slipped down the slope of her upper breast and into the confines of her sports bra.

"Thanks for the run," he said.

"It's great to have someone to run with," she said and then headed to the front of the house before entering.

Dylan walked to the side driveway and toward his apartment. Once inside, he grabbed a water and a towel, and headed to the weight room. There were a few free weights, a bench press, and a treadmill. He ducked his head into the other room which had yoga mats in it. Starting at the dumbbells, he began to work out. After a few sets, the door opened up and a petite brunette woman came in.

"Oh," she said. "Is Cindy here?"

"She's inside the house," he said and sat up. "I'm Dylan. I'm renting the guest house."

"I'm Kim," she said. "We usually do yoga at this time."

"Hi, Kim," said Cindy from behind her. "Oh, hi Dylan, this is Kim my yoga instructor. Kim this is Dylan. He's renting the Tara's old room."

They entered the weight room. Cindy had changed into tight fitting Yoga pants and a loose fitting tank top with a visible pink sports bra underneath. Her blonde hair was up in a bun and showed off her beautiful face.

"Are you going to join us for yoga?" Cindy asked Dylan.

"I have develop some photos this afternoon," he said.

"You're a photographer?" Kim asked.

"Yes," he said and wiped the sweet from his forehead and bare chest.

"What a coincidence. I'm looking for someone to take some photos for my website. I had a friend take some and they turned out terrible," she said.

"I'd love to help. Just let me know when," he said.

Another woman, in her mid-forties, stepped into the weight room. She was a tall brunette and wore brown yoga pants and a spandex top that had her nipples already showing.

"Oh," she said and eyed Dylan. "Who is this?"

"Be on your best behavior Carla," Cindy said. "He's my new tenant. Dylan this is Carla. Beware of her. She bites."

"Nice to meet you," he said.

"Cindy, you didn't tell me you had a hunk move in with you," she said. She wasn't abashed as she checked him out.

Cindy's face grew a shade of red.

"I guess I'll leave you to your yoga," Dylan said and stood.

"Nice to meet you," Kim said, as Cindy ushered the women into the yoga room.

Dylan smiled and headed back to his apartment. He took a shower and began the arduous task of printing and assembling photos for a wedding he shot a month ago. As he slid the last photo into the book, a knock came to his door. Kim smiled as he opened the door.

"Hi," he said. "Come in. Sorry about the mess."

She stepped inside and stared up at him with her large hazel eyes.

"I was wondering if you were free to do some of those photos I asked about earlier?" she asked.

"Here?"

"No. At my yoga classroom. It is downtown." She pulled out her card and handed it to him. "The thing is I am waiting for these photos so I can launch the website. So the sooner the better."

"I'm free," he said.

"Great. I have one more class to do. How does seven sound?"

"Perfect."

"Great. I can't thank you enough," she said and left.

He admired her petite waist and tiny but firm ass.

Dylan pulled into the parking lot and walked over to yoga studio. The waiting room light was off, but he knocked anyways and a light turned on. Kim walked up, unlocked the door, and let him in.

"Sorry," she said. "I was setting up the studio."

"Not a problem. I just got here." She showed him to the studio, a spacious room with mats stacked against the walls, a mirror along the back wall, and a bar that ran length wise across it. "The mirror might cause an issue. Do you have another room?"

"Not really," she said and thought for a second. "The only other place would be my house which is up the road."

"The flash and lighting will cause issues with these mirrors. If we want this done right, we should head there."

He followed her small Prius to a quaint home. He followed her in, carrying his gear, and she turned on all the lights, as they headed through the house.

"This is my personal yoga room," she said, as she flicked on the light to a spare room. It was bare except a mat, some Buddhist posters, and a radio on a lamp stand.

"This is perfect," he said and started setting up the lighting and camera. By the time he was done, she had poured a glass of wine for each of them and had changed into spandex shorts and a white sports bra which hugged her petite frame. Her hair was tied back and she looked up at him with a cute smile. "So what do you have in mind?"

"I'll just run through a series of yoga poses," she said.

"Alright. Here is your mark." He stood in the center of the room.

She did twenty poses and he took the shots while devouring the view of her in various seductive poses. He detached the camera and sat next to her to show her the pictures he had taken. She leaned into his shoulder as they both stared into the display.

"I like these," she said. "Just a few more."

He attached the camera again and she did a series of very flexible moves.

"That's crazy," he said, as she balanced on her hands with her feet in the air.

"It's not that hard. You just need some practice," she said and un-contorted herself. "Here let me show you."

"That's alright," he said.

"Don't be shy," she said and grabbed his arm, dragging him towards the mat. "lay down on your back and tuck in your knees."

He did so and she pressed her hands into his feet and forced his knees into his chest. She increased the pressure by leaning against his feet with her thighs. He groaned and his feet slipped off her thighs and she crashed down on top of him. He instinctively reached and wrapped his hands tightly around her thin waist. Her pelvis pressed against his already semi-hard erection.

"Sorry," he said but he didn't let go. "Is this part of the lesson?"

"Not really?" she said and slid herself off of him. Her body rubbed against his cock all the way down until she stood on her knees in front of him. Her eyes locked onto his crotch.

"How about another pose," she said. "Like this."

She turned around on all fours and raised her ass into the air. Her white spandex shorts hugged her labia and rode up to show him the underside of her ass cheeks. Fighting down the urge the grab her waist again and just take her. He moved beside her and mimicked the position. His buttoned up shirt came untucked as he tried and she placed her hands on his lower back.

"Can you feel it right here?" she said and ran her fingers down his muscular back. "Now lift up your rear."

She placed her hands onto his ass.

"I feel it," he said and she laughed.

"Now turn over," she said and he did.

He laid on his back, knees up, and his hands behind his head. She put two feet on both sides of him and put her hands on her hip. She smiled and bit her lower lip. Lowering herself down, she now sat on his lap, trapping his manhood underneath her. She then ripped his shirt off. Buttons flew everywhere and all he could think about was that was his best dress shirt. She scooted up further, grabbed his hair, and kissed him. He gasped for air as she finally let go of him and his head hit the mat. She then stood up and turned around and leaned onto his chest and undid his belt. Her ass hovered in front of hiss face and he used one hand to pull her spandex shorts to the side and lapped his tongue over her intimate lips. Letting out a whimper, she unbuttoned his pants and unzipped them. He lifted his hips and she pulled down his pants below his balls. His dick was at full attention from the constant arousal from this cute yoga instructor. She scooted forward a bit and off his face and took his head into her mouth. He slid her spandex shorts down to her knees and she nimbly lifted one leg up without pausing in her succulent slurping. He slid the shorts off one leg then the other. Her perfect pussy and tight round ass tempted him. Running his index finger in circles over her vagina made her wiggle her ass.

"This thing is a monster," she said, pausing from her handy work and looking back at him.

He sat up, grabbed her legs and put them on his shoulders. He buried his lips into her womanhood. His tongue entered her space, licked every centimeter of her crevice, and circled over and over again. She buried her head into his lap and gently rubbed his cock with her small hands. Juices ran down his chin and she shivered, letting out a long deep moan. He let up for some air and she slid down his chest and began sucking his cock again. She gagged, as she took a third of him down. He tried to get up, but her strong thighs squeezed into his neck. Up, down, up down. She sucked him faster and faster. His balls tingled and ran his hands over her ass.

"I'm going to...," he warned.

Too late. He exploded in her mouth in two distinct loads. She didn't flinch and had sealed her lips over his dick and swallowed. When he was done, she stood up. She looked fantastic with her spandex shorts clinging to one leg and two nipples poking though her sports bra. Her normal cute face had a hunger to it and she moved to his shoes and removed them. She nearly tore his pants down his legs with so much force that it carried his boxer shorts with them.

"I've never tried something like that before," she said, eyeing his still erect cock. "Not even my toys are that big."

Dylan took his ruined shirt off and now was completely nude. She positioned herself over his cock and took it with her hand while lowering herself. He watched as his giant tip spread her pussy lips apart and it slipped inside her. She let out a gasp and ever so slowly lowered herself down another inch and then another. When she was halfway down, she began to rise and fall gently. Her juices glistened on his shaft and she threw her head back and orgasmed. He couldn't take it and when she inched down again he thrusted his hips up and engulfed her. Her eyes flew open and she dug her claws into his thighs. Grabbing her perfect ass, he pushed her up and down. She got into the rhythm and moaned uncontrollably. Her pussy clenched around his shaft like a vise and only after ten to twenty thrusts, it began to loosen its grip.

He sat up, hands still gripping her ass, and he kissed her. Her tongue expertly intertwined with his in a dance, and she kept her thrusting her hips in and out. He moved his hands just below her sports bra and lifted up and over her head. She reluctantly removed her mouth from his to allow him to take it off. Her breasts, not big, but filled both his hands. her nipples jutted out and he rubbed his palms over them. He then pushed her down to the mat while still massaging her breasts. He adjusted his legs, still remaining in her, and leaned his chest onto her, pushing his member all the way in. She squealed, locked her legs around his waist, and dug her claws into his back. The pain made him thrust harder into her, which in turn made her increase her grip with her powerful thighs. Tipping her head back, she groaned. Her powerful legs only allowed him to move his hips back a few inches and she clung so tightly to his back that he had little room to operate. So he stood up, grabbing her ass, his cock never leaving her warm opening, and he lifted her up and down on his cock. 

She wrapped her arms around his neck and she began to bounce herself off him. He kneaded his hands into her firm ass and concentrated on not loosing his balance. After a minute of this his legs began to strain so he pushed her into the wall with some force, pinning her body against his. She gripped his neck, as he pounded into her. She unwrapped her legs from his waist and he slid his arms under them and brought them up, folding her against the wall. He slowed his pace and slid his massive member almost all the way out and then inch by inch, he inserted it back in. He looked into her hungry hazel eyes and she stared back at him with animalistic lust. Sweat trickled down her forehead, as he playfully moved back out of her. She tried to buck her hips forward but didn't have the leverage. He had all the control.

After a few more teasing thrusts, he picked up the pace again and her eyes rolled back and fluttered as her third orgasm took control of her. His energy was nearly exhausted, even though he was far from cumming a second time. Keeping her in the same position, he lowered her onto the yoga mat. He gripped her calves, locking them beside her head, and he began pile-driving his cock deep inside of her. Over and over and over. He looked down at his cock penetrating her perfect pussy. When he pushed his cock out her lips clung to it, refusing to let go. Juices shined off his thick member as it slid back in. They both locked eyes as he pounded her. She reached out, seized him by the hair and pulled him in for a deep long kiss, biting his bottom lip when he pulled back to breath.

He let go of her legs and she expertly rolled over and onto her belly. His cock popped out of her pussy as she positioned herself on her hands and knees. Her firm ass wiggled at him, and her moist mound awaited him. He rubbed his cock back and forth over her opening and she bucked backwards. His tip once again parted her lips and she moaned. Inch by inch, he entered her until his hips pressed perfectly against her naked ass. His hands grasped around her petite waist and he pushed her slowly forward and then ever so slowly entered her. She increased the pace, driving her ass into his stomach. He reached up, snagged her brown hair and tilted her face up towards the ceiling as he attacked her tight pussy. It clenched around his girth and he could feel the beginning surge of his second ejaculation. He let go of her hair, slid out of her, and pumped his cock several times until his semen splattered over her ass and lower back.

Exhausted, he sat down and she turned around. She curled up and put her head on his leg, her eyes staring at his slowly softening cock. She lightly wrapped her small hands around it and looked longingly at it. He sat there for a few minutes and listened to her slow breathing. He unwrapped her fingers off his now flaccid cock and picked her up, his hand coming in contact with his own semen. He carried her into her bedroom, placed her on the top covers. She had a bathroom attached to her room and he washed his hands and grabbed a towel. As he cleaned her off and put her under the covers, she stared at him with tired eyes.

"You can't sleep here," she said.

He eyed the picture of her and some man on the night stand next to her bed.

"I'll pack up and go," he said, leaning down and kissing her before leaving the room.

He stopped the record button on his camera and quickly unpacked the equipment before dressing and slipping out the door. He let out a long yawn and pulled into his driveway well past midnight. He took a steaming shower until his fingers wrinkled and he stepped out. He sleepily plugged his camera into his computer and saved the files before collapsing onto his mattress and falling to sleep.