 Dylan put down the phone and folded the scribbled notes he had just jotted down from his conversation with Dr. Lorento. The scientist had confirmed the dates for their expedition into the Hawthorne National Reserves and it left little time for him to prepare. He quickly grabbed his keys and wallet before he headed downstairs to his car. Once in the driveway, he noticed that Tara and her fiance's car in the driveway so he opened the side gate and entered the pool area. He tapped on the glass door that led into the study and slid the door open.

"Hello?" he asked and dipped his head inside.

"We're in the kitchen," said Cindy from inside the house.

He entered, walked around the corner, and into the kitchen where Cindy, Tara, and Samantha sat around the kitchen table, sipping coffee.

"Good morning," he said and took a seat at the table.

"Can I get you some coffee?" Cindy asked.

"That would be great," he said and she got up. He turned to Tara. "I just got off the line with Dr. Lorento and he was very adamant about leaving this Friday."

"This Friday?" the attractive college student said. "I'm free this weekend. I'll just have to see if Richard wants to go."

"A camping trip sounds like fun," Samantha chimed in. "What do you think mom?"

"Now don't intrude, Sam," Cindy said and placed a steaming cup of coffee in front of him. "This is work for Dylan and Tara."

"It will be fun," Tara said. "Besides I want to spend some quality time with you guys before I head back to school."

"Will it inconvenience you?" Cindy asked.

"Not at all," he lied.

"I'll ask Carl," Cindy said. "We haven't been camping since you were seven."

Cindy began texting on her phone and it beeped back.

"He's got a big meeting this Saturday but said that we could go if we wanted to," she said.

Samantha smiled and locked eyes with Dylan.

"I can't wait," she said and turned to her mom. "Do we still have all that camping gear?"

"I'm sure we do somewhere. Let me check," she said.

Dylan excused himself. How was he to explain to Dr. Lorento that his scientific study had turned into a family vacation? Pulling his Honda out of the garage, Dylan went to the local sporting goods store to get the gear he needed. With little money to his name, he opted for the cheapest gear there which consisted of a small tent and sleeping bag. It would have to do until after his check cleared from the good doctor. When he pulled into the garage under the guest house, his headlights shined on Cindy's ass as she bent over a pile of boxes deep in the garage. He got out of the car and went over to her.

"Hi," she said and wiped some sweat off her forehead. "All this camping gear is in the far back."

"Let me help," he said, not passing up an opportunity to be close to her.

"It's under the encyclopedias," she said as she bent over a blue tarp and pointed behind it.

As she leaned further, she slipped. He reached out and grabbed waist. Their hips touched. He held onto her until she steadied herself and then he moved around the tarp. Lifting up the heavy books, she slipped around him and grabbed a canvas bag that held the tent. She then pulled out two sleeping bags. He carried the tent and followed her back into the house.

"Come on Richard," Tara said, hands on her hips. "You knew that I needed to go camping to take notes for my project."

"But what if my work needs me?" he asked. "I can't give them a day's notice that I will be unavailable."

She stomped off with Cindy following her. Dylan put the tent down.

"Women," Richard said, looking at Dylan. "They expect the world to rotate around them."

Not wanting to take sides, he shrugged as Richard shook his head. He slipped out of the den and back to his apartment. After explaining to Dr. Lorento about the added members to the expedition and apologizing, he heated up some macaroni and cheese in the microwave and began eating. Someone knocked on his door and before he could put the bowl down, Samantha entered.

"Make yourself at home," he said and poured some water into the empty bowl in the sink.

"Well technically this is part of my home," she said and sat on the edge of the bed, smiling at him.

She wore tight jean shorts and a buttoned up short sleeved plaid shirt. Enough buttons were undone to reveal some cleavage. Her blonde hair was held back in a pony tail and her dark mascara eyes flickered mischievously at him.

"Aren't you going to help your mom pack?" he asked.

"She's trying to calm Tara down. Richard's being a dick and trying to back out from going," she said and laid down on the bed. With her head on his pillow, she put her hands behind her head. She bent her knees and she spread her legs, revealing a hint of purple underwear. "I slipped out."

He gulped, still remembering how tight her pussy felt around his enormous cock. She began unbuttoning her shirt from the top down, revealing a purple bra. She left her shirt open and bit her bottom lip. Compelled by a force he couldn't stop, he moved to the bed, crawled over to her, and their lips met. They tongue wrestled for nearly a minute as he hovered over her. Her hands ran over his chest and then down to his jeans. She squeezed the base of his growing cock and then fumbled with his belt buckle.

"We can't," he said as he extracted his tongue from hers.

"I need it," she panted and wrapped her legs around his waist, pushing her pelvis up into him. "Please."

"Not now," he said, knowing that her mother would be looking for her.

Frustrated, she rolled from underneath him. She gave him a scowl as she buttoned up her shirt. He sat on the side of the bed, facing her. When she did the last of the buttons, she came up to him and kissed him again. His hands gripped her ass and squeezed. Then he let go and she turned around to go.

"I can't wait to go camping," she said, looking over her shoulder at him.

"I'm sure you are," he replied as the door closed behind her. He knew this trip would only lead to trouble. "What the hell am I doing?"

Dylan rolled out of bed early Friday morning after hitting the snooze button for the fourth time. He made a cup of coffee and reluctantly began the arduous task of lugging his camping gear downstairs. Soon he had a pile built up beside the garage door. He opened the door and took his car keys out. Sliding into his seat he turned the key. Nothing. He turned the key again and nothing. He then noticed that none of the electronics turned on. Resting his head on the steering wheel, he noticed that his lights had been left on.

He got out of the car and heard voices from the circular driveway in front. He approached Cindy, Samantha, and Tara who were stuffing the black S.U.V. with their supplies.

"Good morning," Cindy said.

"Good morning," he replied. "Could I ask a favor from you?"

"Sure," she said.

"I need a jump. I must have left the lights on in my car last night," he said and he swore that he saw Samantha grin before disappearing around the side of the car.

"Why don't you just travel with us?" Samantha said.

"That's a great idea," Cindy said. "There is plenty of room. We'll just put your stuff in the cargo hold up top."

"I'm not sure," he said.

"Nonsense. Your car seems to be giving you issues lately anyways. You don't want to be stranded in the woods."

"Okay, but only if I'm not inconveniencing you," he said and headed back to grab his stuff.

With his help, they had the car packed before the sun rose. Cindy got into the driver's side with Tara in the passenger's seat. Dylan and Samantha climbed into the backseat. He put his backpack in the middle of them and gave the teenager a stern look. She crossed her hands beneath her breasts and stared straight ahead.

"Where's Richard?" Dylan asked as the car took off.

"He complained so much about the possibility of not getting a phone signal that I told him to stay at the hotel. It's better this way anyways."

The first leg of the trip went without a hitch and Samantha kept to her side of the car. Then when the car came to an abrupt stop some of the contents from the back slid over the back seat and hit Samantha in the back of the head. She yelped and unbuckled her seatbelt. She moved his backpack to the side and began trying to rearrange the items. She ended up stacking everything in the seat she had been sitting in and taking the middle seat. She unraveled a blue blanket and draped it over them.

"Is everything okay?" Cindy asked, turning down the music.

"Yeah," Samantha said. "I had to pile the stuff in the middle but at least it won't fall again."

Cindy turned the music back up as her daughter placed her hand on his crotch. Dylan rolled his eyes and looked out the window. He tried to concentrate on the telephone poles flying by but Samantha's fingers slid back and forth on his hardening cock. Soon his cock pressed hard against his cargo shorts. She took his hand and placed it on the warm flesh of her leg. Involuntarily his fingers massaged her and traveled up and down her leg until it came in contact with her cotton shorts. His pinky slipped underneath the hem of the shorts and felt the velvety panties beneath. Her hand pulled down his zipper and slipped inside. Her small hand grasped the base of his cock and tried to slip it out but it wouldn't budge. Leaning into his shoulder she used her other hand to unbutton his shorts. Now his cock slipped free. Her palm rubbed over its tip, around and around, and his fingers rubbed up and down her panty clad slit.

She bit her bottom lip and leaned into him while spreading her legs as wide as they could go. It allowed him to slip his fingers underneath the panties and into her up to his knuckles. He slowly pumped his fingers back and forth and her hand gripped his cock. He eyed Cindy in the front seat, oblivious to what was happening behind her. He played with her daughter's pussy for a few minutes before taking his fingers out of her. Her musk filled his nose and he wiped it the bottom of the blanket. She regained her composure and traced her fingers down the length of his dick. Electric goose bumps rose on his arms as she delicately ran her fingers back and forth along his girth as if pondering what to do with it. The car pulled into a gas stationed and they both straightened. He took the opportunity shove his cock back into his pants. Cindy pumped the gas and then tapped on Tara's window.

"Why don't you drive a bit?" Cindy asked Tara. "You know I hate driving."

"I really don't want to," she said. "How about Samantha?"

"You up for it honey?" she asked

"Sure," she said unenthusiastically and Dylan got out of the car to allow Samantha to slide out and Cindy to get in.

He stretched and then got back into the car. Samantha closed the driver's side door, latched her seatbelt and started up the car. They soon were on their way once again. Cindy leaned back, their hips touching each other, and grabbed the blanket, wrapping it around her. He tried to concentrate on the window, but kept thinking about the contact between them. She readjusted herself by lifting up her feet, placing her head on a rolled up sleeping bag next to her. After several minutes her feet moved onto his lap. He put both his hands on top of them as his groin began to twitch under the new contact. She was now in the fetal position and her ass pressed against his him. Slowly his cock began to rise and pressed against the side of her feet.

He wasn't sure why he did it but he began massaging the bottom of her feet with his thumbs. She let out a soft moan and wiggled in pleasure, her eyes closed. He continued for a few minutes and her feet began to move back and forth on his now fully erect cock. Electric energy tingled throughout his body as he made circles on this gorgeous woman's feet. Was it his imagination or did her body begin to press harder into him?

Then his phone in his pocket vibrated. He pulled it out and read the text from Dr. Loranto. He had arrived at the campsite and was waiting for them. Pulling up the map application, he texted back that he was only a couple of hours away. He kept his phone out, rested his hands on top of Cindy's feet, and gave Samantha directions until they pulled into the Hawthorne National Park.

Cindy sat up as they arrived at the Forest Ranger's guard shack and paid for entrance and the camp fee. Samantha handed several maps to everyone and then they entered the park. The tall pine and spruce trees created a canopy over the SUV and they traversed the winding road towards their campsite. Dr. Loranto had reserved two campsites deep in the woods and it took some time to finally arrive. As they parked next to a silver Prius, a slim man wearing dark rimmed glasses and binoculars around his neck emerged from behind a small tent. He waved to them as they piled out of their car.

"Dylan," the middle aged man said and they shook hands. "I'm glad you could make it."

"My pleasure. This is Cindy and her beautiful daughters Samantha and Tara," he said and introduced them.

"Glad to meet you all. Why don't you set up here and I'll make us something to eat," he said.

Dylan helped unload the SUV and had his tent set up in a few minutes. He stuffed his camera, clothes and food into the tent and then went to help the women set up. Tara had her own tent but Cindy and Samantha shared a bigger one. Once everyone was set up, they sat around a small campfire and ate peanut butter and jelly sandwiches prepared by Dr. Lorento. Dylan was worried that the doctor was upset that he had invited the ladies on this trip, but as Tara began talking to him about various species she had studied at college, the doctor was totally enamored.

The sun dipped behind the trees and the stars began to sparkle. So after another sandwich, Dylan decided to crawl into his tent for some sleep because they planned for an early start tomorrow. Tara and Dr. Loranto continued to chatter as he heard Cindy and Samantha crawl into their tent. Sleep came pretty fast and he had a vivid dream that Cindy had slipped into his tent, unzipped his sleepy bag, and crawled inside. Her lithe fingers caressed his manhood as it grew. He could take it no more as she scooted down in the sleep bag and her bright red lips wrapped around his...

He opened his eyes wide and looked down at his bulging sleeping bag. Who was down there sucking his cock? He opened it up and saw Samantha in a fetal position, two hands wrapped around his cock, and her teenage lips slurping on his mushroom tip. She wore flannel pajamas and looked up at him.

"What are you doing?" he whispered.

She grinned and then went back to sucking his cock. She rubbed it against the inside of her cheek and then down her throat. He leaned back, his hands on her head. It felt so good. She continued to work on the tip of his cock while pumping the base with her two hands. Now that the sleeping bag was open, she straddled his knees and began working more vigorously on him. His release was eminent and he didn't want a mess in his tent so he pulled her head off of him by her hair. He needed a little too much force to do so, but he eventually pulled her up towards his face. She slid up his body until she pinned his cock between her legs.

"Your mother is in the tent next to us," he whispered but she ignored him and buried her lips against his. Her tongue flicked around his like a snake searching for a scent. He didn't reciprocate and pulled her back. "We can't."

"I'll be quiet," she whispered. "Besides, she's a heavy sleeper and takes a few sleeping pills each night to help her sleep."

She sat up and began unbuttoning her top, revealing her milky white breasts. They looked so tantalizing. Her perfect nipples jutting out, inviting him to touch and he couldn't resist. Both breasts fit perfectly in his palms and she ran her hands up and down his chest while her pelvis rubbed back and forth on his exposed cock. After a few seconds of stimulating her nipples, his hands squeezed her ass.

"I want that huge cock inside of me," she whispered, stood and removed her flannel bottoms.

She wore no panties and she grabbed the tip of head, guiding it into her tight pussy. Her warmth enveloped him and he could feel the walls of her vagina clench against his girth. She let out the beginnings of loud moan, but he put his hand over her mouth, stifling it. She lowered her self slowly down until his entire cock impaled her. She then gyrated her hips back and forth, digging her nails into his chest. Her eyes were a mixture of pain and ecstacy and he kept his hand over her mouth. She continued to moan into his hand while increasing her pace. He could feel her juices begin to coat his balls and he wanted so badly to grab her perfect ass, but he feared taking his hands off her mouth and waking her mother.

He rolled her over and onto her back, smothering her mouth with his. Their tongues rolled around each other and he began to thrust his hips back and forth. She moaned into his mouth as he kept up his methodical pace. He once again cupped his hand over her mouth as he took one of her nipples into his mouth. Sucking it between his lips, he ran his tongue in circles around it. He squeezed it and opened his mouth as wide as it could go to fit it in. She bucked against his member, craving a more rougher pace, but he needed her to be as quiet as possible.

She clenched her eyes shut as he bottomed out inside of her and then slowly pulled back. The walls of her vagina seized against his manhood and the sensation almost sent him over the edge. He pushed his chest down onto her and put his head next to her's and cupped her tight ass with one hand and covered her mouth with the other. Her legs wrapped around his ass and squeezed.

"I want you to cum inside of me," she mumbled into his hand as she ran her hands up his back and into his hair.

To have this gorgeous teenager writhing under him and begging him to release into her almost sent him over the edge. He had to concentrate hard to fight back the tightening of his balls and to have them slowly relax. His hand continued to kneed her ass as he regained his composure and began sliding in and out of her again.

"I..think..that..," she began to mumble. He covered her mouth more tightly and stopped pumping as she shivered in an orgasm.

He knew that he had to stop. They were dangerously close to getting caught so he pulled out of her and gathered her pajamas.

"Time to go," he whispered and she reluctantly got changed. He peeked his head out of the tent flap. Nothing stirred and he turned back to Samantha. "No more surprises."

She finished buttoning her top, leaned over and wrapped a hand around his still hardened cock, stroking it while they kissed.

"That was awesome," she whispered and crawled out of the tent.

He watched her swaying ass as she entered her tent. She was going to get him into massive trouble. Zipping his tent closed, he put his blanket over the wet spot Samantha had made and eventually went back to sleep.

He awoke to the smell of bacon. Stepping out of his tent, stretching, and giving a loud yawn, he saw Dr. Lorento handing out paper plates with scrambled eggs and bacon to the three women. They all sat around the campfire on logs.

"Rise and shine," Cindy said. "Sleep well?"

"I did," Samantha said and wore a sinister grin.

"Yes, thank you," he said and took the plate from Dr. Lorento. He sat down next to Tara. "What's the plan doctor?"

"We pack up and head deeper into the woods. It's only a few hour hike to a nice campsite and from there we can try to capture a few pictures."

"Sounds good," Tara said. "The weather looks perfect."

They finished their breakfast and began to pack up. Dylan finished his quickly and made his way over to Dr. Lorento who was sliding the straps of his backpack over his shoulders.

"I want to apologize if bringing my friends here is an inconvenience ," Dylan said, keeping his voice down so that the others didn't hear.
