 The email asked him to come give a guest lecture to the evening class. He was an expert in the subject and the class fit right into his undergraduate major. He enjoyed speaking, the calendar was open, and he always like the energy of classrooms. He had never met the instructor, but that didn't matter, it was about helping the kids get some exposure to some topics he had learned at their age.

What he didn't count on was the instructor being gorgeous. Absolutely, drop-dead gorgeous. She was the type of woman he could have stood in line to take any class from-on any topic. She was in her early 30s, confident, strong. Her eyes were bright and sparkled as her smile moved from her full lips up past a flush of sculpted cheekbones and into pupils that might have just dilated a little when she saw him. Maybe he should have worn the tie. No, this was about being accessible and not being so uptight that the students wouldn't pay any attention. 

She had the respect of her class, obviously. Not just the attention of the hormone-soaked young men who would never have a chance to enjoy the fantasies he knew they had about her regularly. They likely all had imagined staying late after class to be tutored by the prof. The young women in the room obviously looked up to her and hoped to grow into her confidence, knowledge, and ownership of her power as a woman.

This was not his first guest lecture. He did a lot of public speaking. There are always beautiful women in the room and having their full attention was always a turn on. The energy of speaking, even to a small group, always made him horny. The excitement of that energy was like hunger and on this night, he was hungry for the woman who owned the room.

Luckily, he knew this material. He could deliver the content well enough that the eyes of his hostess didn't throw him off noticeably. Her students asked good questions. She asked good questions. The interaction was easy and fun. She had a beautiful laugh. Her hair framed her features and her long neck called for his lips. She was dressed in business casual, his imagination placed her in a little cocktail dress and wanted her to secretly open her legs to show him the treasures hidden above her smooth inner thighs. 

"Wait, sorry. Could you repeat that question?"

At the end of the class, the students filed out. He thanked her for the chance to speak to her class and complimented her on the intelligence and engagement of her students. 

"I'm happy to come anytime you want me." He told her with a glint in his eyes and an small smile. 

She put a hand on his shoulder and slid it down his arm, feeling the muscles under his shirt. "Be careful what you ask for Mr." 

"I'll take my chances, how about I ask you to join me for coffee or a drink right now - unless you have a date or something." It was worth a shot.

"I think I'd like that, just give me a few minutes to pack up a few things."

"Take all the time you want. There's a nice place close to my office and I will need to head back in there before going home. How about I meet you in the lobby and we can walk over there. It's not far from campus."

--

Conversation was effortless. They talked about her career, teaching, and some of the students in the class that stood out for one reason or another. She relaxed into herself. She was even more attractive when she relaxed.

"I have to head up to my office." 

"May I see where you work?"

"You showed me yours..." he quipped.

She just smiled & winked.

He had his own company with a small staff. Of course, none of them were in this late, nor would they be. He led her into the darkened office suite. Of course, there was a reception area, then a conference room, a couple small offices, and at the end of the hall, his larger corner office. He didn't want all the lights on, so he turned on the task lamp at the reception desk which was enough to show the office, but without breaking the visual quiet of the moment. 

He took her by the hand and walked her back to his office. He turned on the task lamp of his desk. It was corny, but he actually like the classic green lampshade. Working late in his own office suite, writing with a fountain pen by the light of a single classic green shaded desk lamp was one of his simple pleasures. Reading in his leather sitting chair was another. Sometimes he took naps on the 7-foot leather chesterfield-style sofa. 

He dropped his bag on his desk and turned to face her, but she had already taken a seat on the sofa. Her posture said it all. He closed the door to his office and locked it, just in case. When he turned back around she had shifted her posture to one of obvious invitation. He walked over and stood above her upturned face. Her eyes in the soft light were glowing and her lips were open ready for his kiss. He didn't need anything more. He cupped her chin in one hand, ran the other through her hair and to the back of her neck as she tilted her head up and their lips connected. 

Her tongue found his. He had closed his eyes when their lips first touched to more fully experience that moment. He opened them now to find hers open and definitely dilated with her need. He was thinking about his next move when her hands slid up his legs, across his growing cock, and to his belt. 

He stood up slowly to give her better access. Without breaking eye contact she felt her way through unlocking his belt, opening his jeans, and reaching in to stroke his cock. When she released it from its prison, he was already mostly hard. She broke eye contact to pull his jeans and boxer briefs own to his knees. Then she took his cock in both her hands and ran her eyes and fingers along his full length and inhaling the scent of his skin. Her breath on him and the touch of her fingers made his dick quiver and jump as she took her time surveying his shaft, head, and balls. She could do that as long as she wanted. He thought of telling her as much, but the quiet of the night and their unspoken connection so far told him not to say a word. He just stroked her hair and watched her as she bit her lower lip, then smiled up at him once before closing her eyes and leaning in with open lips.

Her mouth was soft as she wrapped her lips around his head and used the tip of her tongue to split the opening at the head of his cock as she took him deeper into her mouth. She had only taken about half of his shaft before the head hit her throat. He didn't push. She just rested there for a moment and stroked her tongue against the sensitive underside of his shaft. It was exquisite, and he grasped some of her hair in is fist as his breath left him. She put one hand around the base of his shaft and started stroking in time to the movements of her head. He couldn't stop himself from starting to gently thrust into her at the rhythm she chose. Little by little she opened her throat and took him deeper. Each time her hand passed across his skin she took him deeper and deeper into her mouth and throat. He knew she could make him cum anytime she wanted, but he didn't want that to happen too soon. This night was just getting started. And he hoped this would be the first of many nights. 

He looked down at her again to see her eyes looking up at him. It was so incredible to see his cock deep in her mouth, one hand on the base of his shaft, her other hand cupping his balls with her fingernails stroking him gently. He couldn't get any harder and he was tempted to just pump into those lips until his cum flooded her throat. But, he wanted to taste her. He needed to taste her. He wanted to see those eyes when he brought her to the brink of orgasm and held her there, then experience her release as he took her beyond that brink. 

He reluctantly pulled out of her warm mouth and removed his pants completely and peeled off his shirt. He stood on his knees in front of her and looked her in the eyes. Then he kissed her again. Her lips had the heat and smooth softness that only come from giving head. He kept the kiss as his hands unbuttoned her blouse and hers roamed across the muscles of his shoulders, arms, and upper back. Her fingers left trails of heat along his exposed skin as his lips moved down the line of her jaw to her neck. He kissed up to just under her ear and nibbled her earlobe with and gave it a quick gentle bite. She gasped, and her breathing moved into a deeper pattern. As he opened the front of her blouse she leaned her head back inviting his kisses to her throat. She swallowed. 

His hands moved to inside her blouse to her back and unfastened her bra. He didn't rush and moved his kisses and strokes of his tongue across the skin of her collarbones. He loved the sunbaked freckles he found along the path. Then he moved his kisses to the round upper curves of her breasts and brought each hand to a breast and used his thumbs to stroke her nipples through the silk of her bra. Her nipples had been firm at the first touch, but they became even more erect as he stroked her nipples to the same pace as his kisses explored her skin.

He moved his right hand to help her left arm out of the blouse. Then he moved her bra off her left shoulder and exposed just her left breast. He held his left hand in place and continued to stroke her right breast through the texture of her bra as his lips moved down to pull her exposed nipple into his mouth. Her breathing deepened again and she arched her back to thrust her breast against his lips. He responded by increasing the power of his suction and taking even more of her sensitive nipple and dark areola into his mouth. Her hands entwined in his hair and she held him close. He matched the strokes of his tongue to the pace of her breathing. 

"Oh! The other one now, please!" 

She shrugged completely out of her blouse and bra as he moved his lips to her right breast. His right hand came up to make sure her left nipple didn't get lonely and the moved together again until both her nipples were as hard as any he had ever enjoyed. Her breasts were heavy, full, and firm. He moved his hands off her nipples and down to her slacks. His kisses moved to the smooth soft skin between her breasts and to that beautiful point of transition between breast and rib. He gave a small prayer of thanks when her slacks proved uncomplicated. He released the button and slid down the zipper. 

Her hands were in his hair as he moved past her belly button, breathing on her stomach gently as he moved along, enjoying the way her muscles quivered at the soft touch of his exhalations. She smelled of flowers and a hint of sweat. She tasted just a little salty. It was more intoxicating than the best scotch he'd ever had. Oban. Maybe Cragganmore. 

She moved her hands from his head to the waistband of her pants and started sliding her pants and panties off her round hips. She wasn't a little girl, she was a woman and her curves were in full bloom. He removed both from her long legs and she reclined on the sofa spreading her legs and inviting him to make the climb from her toes to the trim little bush awaiting him as a reward for the evening's volunteer work. It was definitely his favorite speaking fee for the year, and it was about to get better.

He smiled and gave her a brief foot massage and worked up her calves, then began kissing the inside of her knees and moving slowly up the inside of each thigh. She couldn't wait and had reached down with one hand and was opening herself and stroking her clit while her other hand was twisting one of her nipples. She was surprisingly aggressive with her self-pleasure touch. It let him know he was welcome to be firm in his approach, but he was going to work up to that. He liked to take his time with gentle touching and strokes of his tongue before increasing his intensity. This DID let him know he didn't need to be afraid of hurting her. He liked her strength. When he made it to the curve where her thighs moved into her sex - the softest skin on a woman's body and his favorite place in the world-she moaned again and opened to him completely. She was already soaked and he savored the scent of her wet pussy. He breathed on her clit and kissed it with a touch light as a butterfly's wings. Her clit was engorged from her own attentions and begged for his mouth the way his cock had begged for hers. It would be cruel not to oblige, so he licked his lips and ran his tongue directly up the middle of her pussy, circled her clit with the tip of his tongue a few times, then lowered his mouth to completely engulf her entire swollen clit into his mouth. She arched her hips into him and grabbed the back of his head. She wanted things now and so did he. He began to such harder on her bud using first the tip of his tongue to go up under the hood of her clit, coaxing it out to even more exposure for pleasure. Then he flattened his tongue and licked her from bottom to top inside the suction and slowly back down, stretching her clit out more. Over and over. 

He put two fingers inside her wetness and she moaned. He bent one finger to stroke her g-spot in time to the movements of his tongue. The roof of her pussy was so close to orgasm that the firm ribs of excitement were already straining. His other finger was deep inside her, circling her cervix gently, but not poking it. Some women didn't like direct pressure on that inner privacy, but hers was starting to throb in the beginnings of orgasm, so he gently encouraged all her nerve endings at once, spreading her fingers to stretch her tight little pussy wide as he filled her deep stroking inside and out. Her moans were involuntary now and both her hands were twisting her nipples to the increasing pace of their intimate dance. When she came it rolled over her entire body. Her toes pointed and her thighs contracted around his head. Her pussy pulsed over and over and over as her juices flowed out across his fingers and down his wrist. 

He wanted to release the suction his mouth had over her clit and drink her essence, but he knew if he stopped right now she might never forgive him, so he moved with her until the waves started getting a little slower. Then all at once she cried out and her hands moved to his head to start pushing him away and her body started trying to move away from the extreme intensity. He had one arm holding her hips in place and gripped her with his full strength to keep her from moving away until another few seconds of orgasm rocked her body. She couldn't overcome that strength, and she needed to feel his power for just that instant beyond time. Then he opened his mouth and released her clit. As she came back into the world, he slowly pulled his fingers out of her and kissed around the edges of her pussy, not touching the overly sensitive areas as she recovered. She gasped as his fingers slid out of her opening and he kissed the edges of her opening, avoiding her clit, but tasting the sweetness of her cum. 

When he looked up her eyes were only semi aware of the world and she was biting her lower lip. Her nipples were straining upward and one hand was above her head and the other resting on her toned belly. He moved up and rubbed the tip of his hard cock up and down the wetness of her opening. He looked at her with the question and she nodded her pleading consent without that lower lip leaving her bite. Her nod said "yes" but her eyes said "please." The sweetest moment that an be experienced was a woman silently asking to be filled with cock and he never rushed through that moment.

Then he slowly pushed inside her. He never rushed the first push into a woman. No two women feel the same. She was tight, even when so sweet and wet. The wetness after orgasm is different, it's not just wet, it's smooth. She might also be ovulating, which added another level of perfection to the feel of her opening and accepting him. His vasectomy removed any reason to worry about the ovulation observation, so he could just enjoy the perfection of her chemistry. When the tip of his cock finally reached her full depth, she moved her hips to change the angle and let him in just a little deeper. She was totally open to him and wanted him as deep as he could be and he wasn't about to pass this up. He looked into her eyes again and could see that she was back in this world, this moment. He leaned down and kissed her letting her taste herself on his lips and skin. She licked her cum from his skin, then some sweat that was about to drip off the hollow of his throat, just above his Adam's apple. 

Some nights offer the gift of patience and time. Some nights demand intensity in the moment. This was the second kind. There would be other nights for slow lovemaking. This was a night for fucking. He pulled her legs up over his shoulders and started driving his cock into her. He was pounding her and she was grunting with each thrust. He could see her body glowing below him. She was so incredibly beautiful all ripe and open for him. The sweat started to drip off his body onto hers and she rubbed his sweat over her breasts.

She looked up at him. "Cum in me. Fill me. Don't make me wait. I want it now.", she growled in a voice of such exposed truth that he knew her core was open to him-body, mind, and soul. There was an unimaginably perfect balance of complete submission and mastery of her own power that he knew the moment would remain in his mind forever and that he would think of those words, her tone, and the soft green light from his lamp glistening of the skin of her breasts and belly when he stroked himself on lonely nights and warm showers.

His strokes continued and he slowed down just a bit to allow the skin on the underside of his cock to feel every movement across the tight opening of her pussy. He grabbed her ass under him and opened her just that much more, trapping her hips in place as his orgasm built. His cock swelled just a little bit more and he could feel the head stretching her deep with every thrust. Her pussy began pulsing again with another orgasm and it pushed him over the edge. His cum exploded from him. Some orgasms are only good for a few wonderful spasms of pleasure, but this one kept going. She held him to her as he moved inside her until his orgasm faded and they rested that way for several minutes catching their breath as he kissed her neck and she stroked his hair and back. When his spent cock finally slipped out of her, she let out a small sigh of satisfaction. Her legs were starting to quiver a little, so pushed himself up off of her body and looked into her eyes again. They were smiling in satisfaction. She was biting her lip again, but soon smiled and moved to sit up.

"I think I'm going to need a follow-up lecture for my students again before the end of the semester. Are you willing?"

"When is the end of the semester?"

"Next week." 

--