 You come over and I greet you at the door. It's kinda chilly so you've got a hoodie on with some fitted jeans and sneakers. I raise my eyebrow at your choice of attire and you immediately become self conscious and attempt to defend your choice. I stop you and tell you it's okay. I like seeing you comfortable. It fits tonight. You smile gratefully and embrace me. We walk to the kitchen and we make small talk for a while then I take you on a tour of the place. You comment on some photographs on the wall and I tell you about a few of them and what led me to take the pictures. 

We make our way back to the kitchen and I offer you something to eat. You tell me you've already eaten but you'll take a beer. Once again my eyebrow raises and you laugh and ask me why the eyebrow. I explain that I expected you to say wine but I love a lady that can have a few beers with me. We laugh about the fact that I spent 45 minutes individually in the wine aisle at Raley's, Albertson's, and Khoury's trying to figure out what type of wine you would drink. 

We retire to the couch and I launch Netflix. We spend a few minutes talking about our favorite types of movies and our favorite actors and actresses. We meet in the middle and finally select a movie. You kick your sneakers off and relax on the couch. This immediately catches my attention as I've wondered what your toes look like. Glancing at your socked feet I feel a slight tremor. My mind is racing with images of your toes. What color are they painted? Are they red, black, nude, multicolored...? The more I think about it the more my pulse races. I shift on the couch because my sweatpants are suddenly tight around the crotch area. You glance at me and give me a small smile before returning to the movie. 

The movie holds our attention and we unconsciously drift towards each other. We realize what we've done at the same time and our bodies stiffen slightly before we relax and enjoy the feel of each other. You complain about being warm and remove your hoodie to reveal the tank top you're wearing underneath. I smile appreciatively. You blush and mumble that it's only a tank top. As you go back to the movie I can't help but stare at your shoulder by the light of the television. The very faint dusting of freckles hidden by your tan mesmerizes me. I find myself reaching out and lightly touching that shoulder. You shiver and freeze in place. I continue lightly grazing your shoulders and you relax. I'm painfully aware of my erection and the effect you're having on me and I wonder, slightly embarrassed, if you are aware of it as well. I trail my fingers up your neck and you lean into my touch. I see your toes flex and I feel you grip my thigh through my sweatpants. I lean forward and bury my nose in your hair taking a lungful of your scent. Something fruity. Something that excites me. 

You turn your cheek to me and I nibble your ear. A slight whimper escapes your lips. It sends a jolt of sexual energy through me. I shift my position and firmly grab you around the waist and pull you back into me. I know you can feel my erection now and it no longer makes me nervous. It excites me. You reach back and grip the back of my head as I kiss your neck. I nibble slightly and suck gently enough not to leave a mark. You sigh. My hand on your stomach slides up between your breasts and grab your chin between my thumb and forefinger. I tilt your head back and gently kiss your lips. I'm hesitant at first but as your lips part the kiss increases in intensity. I feel your tongue exploring and I reciprocate. We stop briefly to breathe and stare at each other before delving back in. We can't get enough. 

I am emboldened by our reaction to each other and I slowly slip a strap of your tank top down your shoulder. It falls lower and exposes the swell of your breast. I immediately want to see what the nipple attached to that breast looks like. I slowly expose your breast and the silence in the room is screaming as I stare at it and you stare at me to gauge my reaction. It's perfect! So pink, so long, so inviting. I lower my head and my lips close around it. You stiffen and then immediately settle back down and grind back into my hardness. The friction drives me wild and I grab your nipple with my teeth and graze it. You whisper "Fuck" softly. I stop to remove your tank top and bra to give me free access to both of your breasts. You unconsciously cover both breasts as I stare at you. 

I motion for you to come to me and you straddle me and remove my shirt. You run your fingers across my chest and stare at me. I return my attention to your breasts and nipples as you pull me in tightly and bury my face. You continue to grind on me and I can feel the urgency in your rhythm. I unbutton your jeans and attempt to slip my hand into your pants. You gently grab my hand and stop me. You put my hand on your hip and gently kiss my lips. You stare at me with a look of unbridled lust and feral intensity. You whisper in my ear "I want to feel you". You ease back and slowly slip your hand into the waistband of my sweats. I don't have your restraint and I make no move to stop you. You barely graze the head of my penis and withdraw your hand sticky with precum. 

You stare at me and I arch my back begging for your touch. You slowly oblige and when you finally wrap your hand around my hardness I moan and you squeeze gently. You proceed to slowly stroke me as you stare directly into my eyes with your lips slightly parted. My toes curl and I grip your ass cheeks. You slowly start grinding with the rhythm of your stroking. It's completely hot! I start peeling your jeans down your butt and you lift slightly then sit to trap them under your butt. I can smell how aroused you are and I want to know what you taste like. You continue slowly stroking and grinding and I find myself gripping the couch cushions. You squeeze firmly one last time and stand up gracefully. 

You stand in front of me and and with your jeans below your butt I can see a light dusting of pubic hair peeking out. I stare at it then I stare at you. You slowly remove you jeans and panties and stand between my legs. I put my face on your abdomen and inhale. It's musky and I feel lightheaded as I hold it in. You slowly push my knees apart with your legs and that exposes your glistening wetness. It's just a brief glimpse but it's enough to make me feel as though I'm about to explode. I grab your ass cheeks and pull you to me. I turn and lay you on the couch and your legs naturally fall close. 

I stand and remove my pants and underwear. I step towards you and gently pry your legs apart. I stare at her. She's perfect. So innocent, so inviting, so ready. I kneel between your legs and gently kiss your abdomen, your belly button, your light patch of public hair. You whimper slightly as I move closer to her. I kiss both lips in turn and you lift your butt towards me. I begin to lap at her and work my way back up to find your clit. I suck and lick and nibble on your clit as I slowly insert a finger.

I continue to eat your wonderful pussy as your movements become more frantic. You begin to push against me and I latch on to your clit and swirl my tongue. You push me away and pull at me at the same time and I hear you say in a strained voice "now". I feel you flutter around my finger as a sob escapes your mouth. You continue to pant a series of unintelligible words as your climax subsides and you grab my head and remove it from you suddenly sensitive part.

You lay there with your hand on your stomach while opening and closing your legs. Your legs tremble slightly. A slight sheen of sweat covers your body and I stare at your nakedness. You become aware of my stare and you return it. I crawl towards you and you open yourself to me. We kiss and you taste yourself on me. You feel slightly weird that that turns you on even more. You reach between us and grab my hardness. You slowly stroke it as we kiss passionately. I move forward and you guide me home. I fit snugly. You can feel me throbbing inside you and it excites you even more. You can't believe how wet you are. You hold me still and squeeze me with your muscles. I respond by throbbing again.

I slowly pull back and bury myself completely inside you. You yelp slightly and put your hand on my chest firmly. I pick up on your silent message and slow down. I begin to move slowly and we learn each other. You grab my butt as you become accustomed to me. You drive me deeper and whisper "deeper" into my ear. You push me back and raise your knees to your chest. The change of angle feels incredible. I pick up the pace and I can hear how wet you are when we slap together. I pound into you and you bite your lip to prevent the screams that want to escape. I turn you to the side and piston into you. I moan because of how warm and wet you are. My moaning does something to you and you push me back and off of you. 

You straddle me and impale yourself. You ride me like a woman possessed. I moan your name as you ride me and I feel my orgasm building. Your pace picks up and you dig your nails into my shoulders. I can't hold on any longer and I explode with the most intense orgasm I've ever had. As I shoot into you, you continue to slam onto me faster and faster as your own orgasm approaches. You let out a scream and drop your face into my neck. You slam onto me and hold it as your orgasm washes over you. I feel you flutter around me as you whimper into the crook of my neck. 

Our breathing slowly returns to normal as we hold each other. We slowly lay on the couch and not a single word is spoken. I hold you as we cover ourselves with the blanket. We slowly drift off contentedly as the blank screen on the tv asks if we're still watching Netflix...