 'Up there,' and Gus pointed to what appeared to be a row of large mirrors on the first floor, 'are the viewing rooms.' He smiled at the young woman's frown. 'They're one-way glass,' he said. 'Not mirrors.'

They were standing in a large arena; one of two on the farm of which her father was half-owner. It was called Green Groves and some of the best thoroughbreds in the world came from it. Casey and her dad had come down from the city for the day, and he, knowing that he would probably be in meetings most of the day, had entrusted the nineteen-year old girl to Gus, the farm-foreman. He'd known Gus for almost twenty years, and knew the man would take good care of the girl; show her everything worth seeing on the property.

They'd taken a couple of horses and had been out in the fields for most of the morning before returning to the house, which also served as offices and Gus' quarters; had just had a light brunch in fact, and after making sure her father was going to be busy for at least another three or four hours, Gus had brought the girl to the arena.

'Why one-way glass?' Casey asked.

Gus smiled. 'Horses are a lot like people,' he said. 'The mares get bred here,' he waved a hand at the arena in general, 'and we don't want them to feel uncomfortable, do we?' He smiled again and Casey thought he probably was a very handsome twenty or twenty-five years old once. He was around fifty now, but still handsome with short steel-grey hair and very little fat. Around six foot two, which was a couple of inches taller than her own already tall six feet exactly.

'But come,' he said, taking her arm and heading for the steps. 'I've got a surprise for you.'

The room wasn't big. Maybe three meters by three meters. Painted eggshell white with a beige carpet and a door which Gus closed behind them. He took Casey's arm and led her to the large window. There were chairs for them who preferred a soft seat, he said, but most people preferred the window seat; pointing at the wide windowsill and thinking how soft the girl's skin was.

Down below, two farm-hands were leading a beautiful dapple-grey mare into the arena. Her coat was brushed to a shiny sheen and she was shivering and prancing and shaking her head, knowing what was about to happen. After all, it would not be the first time. They stopped in the centre of the ring and just stood there waiting.

And then came the stallion. Huge and black with a white blaze between his eyes. All quivering muscles and shining and strong and fighting the two big men pulling on his rope. And rearing up and pawing the air with a high-pitched whiney of frustration when they wouldn't let go. And then he smelled the mare and a few seconds later Casey gave a small little cry of fascination, for between his legs hung the largest phallus she had ever seen; in real life and in pictures, and it was still growing. Thick and black and blunt and pulsing.

The stallion's handlers led him to the mare and allowed him to snuffle and smell and poke his nose into the mare's swollen sex. She shied away and gave a half-hearted back-kick which he easily dodged, and then stood with her head hung low in resignation, trembling and waiting for what she knew was inevitable.

When the stallion mounted the mare, the girl gave a breathless little sigh, and seconds later gasped as the animals thick organ was fed into the mare's swollen vagina.

Gus put one hand on the young woman's back and he felt her tremble. He looked at Casey and couldn't help thinking how beautiful and young and fresh she was. Dressed in a short white and purple flower-print dress, she had curly blonde hair and sky-blue eyes; high cheek-bones and a square chin. A strong nose - just like her father. She was breathing fast and had a line of perspiration dotting her forehead, and jerkily nodded when he asked her if she was all right. She also didn't move away from his hand which rested on her lower back.

And then divine madness took hold of Gus, and despite there being a thirty year difference in their ages and the girl being the daughter of his employer, he softly began kneading her back; while both of them watched the stallion's huge organ pumping in and out of the now squealing mare. And when Casey gave a little moan when the horses swollen penis flopped out of the mare and a second later was driven back in, he lowered his hand to just above her ass.

And kneaded again, and softly rubbed and when she didn't move or said anything, moved his hand down another inch, to the top of her ass-crack. And after waiting a few more seconds and still not receiving any objection or a moving-away, stroked his middle-finger softly up and down the valley between her cheeks.

He could not believe he was doing this. Seducing a girl thirty years his junior and the daughter of his boss to top all of it! But she seemed not to complain - or simply not fully aware of what he was doing - while her ass was being caressed and she watched two horses going at it.

The foreman went all out then. Slowly inched up the short little dress with his last two fingers whilst still kneading Casey's tight little ass with the other digits and listening to her breathless little gasps and groans as the huge horse pistoned in and out of the mare.

He felt bare skin then; lifted the summer-dress' hem a bit more and looked. She was wearing a thong. Pristine white and just a thin lacy line between her Oh-So-Tight butt cheeks. He sent his hand lower still. Rubbing softly at Casey's soft skin; small circular movements of thumb and fingers and palm. And couldn't believe his luck when she allowed it; indeed - but it could have been his imagination - pushed lightly back at his veiled onslaught.

Then the stallion got dislodged again, and Casey's cry of dismay was but a soft echo of the suddenly bereft mare. And Gus took his chance. Slid his long fingers all the way down the young woman's butt-cleft and over the wet-wet silk covering her vagina. And when she gasped again and glanced at him quickly before returning her gaze to the again-rutting horses, began rubbing her there.

Probing with fingers and kneading between nether lips and he smelled her then; smelled the smell of a woman in heat. The sticky-sweet of musk and want and he heard her gasp as he pulled the panty-leg to one side and she felt his fingers on and between her exposed flesh for the first time. He looked again. She was beautiful. Fatly swollen lips gaping open in lust and glistening wet and pink and half hidden in an untrimmed nest of curly strawberry-blonde hair.

And then he freed his raging-hard cock - glad that he wore tracksuit pants with only a draw-string to loosen and not a belt and button and zipper; pulled the pants down to his knees and was in heaven when Casey brought one hand back and wrapped her fingers around his blood-engorged flesh and first fondled his balls before starting to tug and jerk on him. Was absolutely delighted when he worked two fingers into her o-so-tight-hole and she grunted and moaned and pushed back to meet him when he started finger-fucking her.

Small rivulets of her juices were running down the insides of Casey's thighs, and when Gus stepped behind her with his pants down around his knees, she never let go of his huge erection, but held on and guided its tip to her sopping-wet entrance. Gus' push was tentative at first, and the first few inches he fed into the girls wet little cunt was slow going. And God, was she tight... But then she began rocking back and he felt himself drenched as she came for the first time, and he couldn't control himself any longer. Shoved his cock forward and sank into her cunt and heard her squeal in pleasure and pain both. Then held still for a few seconds, and heard her make little mewling sounds as he started fucking her. Short little thrusts at first, but when she leaned forward and put her hands on the window-ledge, and spread her feet wide apart and lifted her bum and urged him on with "Fuck me. Fuck me as hard as you can!" he totally lost it.

He fucked Casey harder than he had any woman in his life. Sawed in and out of her tight, sopping wet cunt with vigor and speed he hadn't thought himself still capable of. Slammed in and out of her and slapped her ass and let his fingers join her own in rubbing up and down her wet slit and toying with the hard little nubbin of her swollen pink clitoris while she watched the horses. Hammered into her until he felt and heard her juices spurt out of her abused hole and splatter his balls, and was glad the room had been soundproofed when she screamed long and hard as she came and he unloaded what seemed like a bucket of come in her pussy.

They both collapsed on the carpet and lay there panting for a long ten minutes. But then Casey's internal muscles started sucking and squeezing and Gus felt himself hardening again. This time he sat on one of the chairs and she rode him like only an energetic nineteen year old could; plunging his fat long cock in and out of her now gaping hole with all of the abandon of youth while he played with her pert breasts and pulled on her distended pink nipples. She screamed again when she came, and Gus felt her wetness gush all over his balls once more.

...And twenty minutes later the cowboys brought in another pair of horses, and this time Casey sat on the wide window-sill and watched the animals copulate while Gus fucked he for the third time. She stopped him after she'd come for the third time in five minutes though, and gave him the sweetest blow-job he'd ever had. Licking and sucking her own juices of his cock and balls while he directed her head, and sucking and slurping and swallowing as he spurted into her mouth.

It was a very satisfactory experience for both, and Casey now makes a point of it to join her father on his monthly visits to the farm...