 For as long as I can remember being interested in girls, I was interested in glasses. For whatever reason, I found a girl in glasses to be the absolute sexiest thing ever. When all my buddies in high school where ogling cheerleaders, I was flirting with the quiet girls who spent their free time in the library. That's how I met Taryn.

Taryn was a gorgeous blonde. She had nice thick hips, a round ass, and perky little tits. No one ever seemed to notice just how gorgeous she was under those big round glasses though. We ended up dating from my senior year of high school, until two months ago. I was in the recording studio doing some editing work pro bono for my friend's band, when she called me out of the blue and told me that she couldn't do this anymore. Said she just didn't feel the same anymore, she didn't love me like she used to before.

I couldn't believe it, and I spiraled into a depression. For a while, my best friend was a wise old man named Jack Daniels, with some extra company from my old friend Jim Bean. My buddies had tried to help set me up with some rebound hookups, but I didn't even try with those other girls. I thought there was no way I could ever feel happy again without her around.

I heard a knock on the door as I was just starting to drink in my apartment. I opened the door to see my buddy Jasper standing there with his guitar in hand. I sighed a bit, hoping Taryn had come back. Jasper and I used to play in a fairly popular folky rock band when we were still in college, but we split up after every one graduated. Only Jasper and I stayed in town, everyone else leaving to pursue actual jobs with real paychecks. Jasper and I were the only ones foolish enough to pursue music as a real career, although my experience in the studio could earn me plenty.

"Hey man!" He exclaimed as I stepped aside to let him inside. "I was gonna go down to the coffee shop over on University and play the open mic. Figured I'd stop by on the way and see if you wanted to grab that Casio and give me some backup!"

"I don't know man, I kinda just want to stick around here tonight." I still didn't like the idea of leaving the apartment right now.

"Come on man, it sounds so much better when there's the two of us up there. It'll be just like old times!" I could tell he wasn't going to let it drop, but I really wasn't in the mood to play tonight. "I know it sucks that Taryn left, but I promise you will feel better if you get up there and play a few with me. Hell, there might even be some cute young thing out there who goes all starry-eyed for the handsome keyboard player!"

"Ha!" I managed a laugh, even though it hurt a little. I thought about it for a second then decided that may be exactly what I need to do. "Alright," I said "Let me grab my stuff and I'll be down in like five minutes."

"Faster if you can, Allison is waiting in the car." Allison was his wife of six months now, a pretty little brunette girl we met in college. They were a perfect match for each other, since she could put up with his jokes and he could put up with hers.

"What kind of an asshole leaves his wife in the car?" I joked and chuckled a little. I fumbled around in a pile of cords for something that could connect my keyboard to the P.A. they used for these things.

"This kind!" He exclaimed as he pointed his thumbs towards his face. I finally found the cord and was ready to head out the door.

We reached the coffee house about ten minutes later, and unloaded the stuff in the parking lot. Jasper went to register us with the emcee while I went and ordered an herbal tea. The first step to maybe staying sober for a night I thought to myself as I took the first sip of the delicious brew. After some guy stumbling through Jack Johnson covers and a beat poet, we got called up. The emcee must have recognized us, since he introduced us as the Deep-Sea Divers, our old band name. Allison started hooting and hollering as we hauled our things onto the small stage they had set up.

We played a few of our old songs and then a new one Jasper had written that I just sat back and listened to. Sitting there reminded me how much I missed this. After that was over, we had time for one more song, and Jasper suggested we do the only song we had that I sang the lead for. A ballad called Carolina. I hammered out the first few chords, and starting singing.

About halfway through the song, I saw her. A gorgeous little redhead was staring intently at me as I belted out this song. Big green eyes, big round tits hidden inside her tight sweater, and a pair of jeans that threatened to let her ass out at any moment. Best of all, she rested a pair of wide rim glasses at the tip of her nose. At that moment, I don't think I had ever seen a more beautiful creature in all my time on Earth. I think she noticed me looking at her, and her cheeks became a bright red to match her exquisite hair. She adjusted her wool cap a little and smiled.

We finished the song and were met with a healthy amount of applause. I had almost forgot what it felt like to play in front of a crowd. It was exhilarating! Jasper and I sat back at the table with Allison as she reached over and hugged her husband.

"That was wonderful!" She exclaimed, releasing him so he could grab his beer. "And Zach, I haven't heard you play that song in forever, it was always one of my favorites!"

"Hah, thanks Ally." 

"So," she said, looking slyly at me, "are you gonna go talk to that hottie redhead or do I have to go get her and bring her here for you?"

"Whoa babe, hold on." Jasper looked at her over his beer. "I think it may be a little soon to be talking to him about the ladies."

"Nonsense! You couldn't see it from on stage, but he was watching her like if she left his view he would shrivel up!" I hated to think it so soon after being so upset about Taryn leaving, but her words had a ring of truth to them.

"Come on, if he wants to, he will go over and..." Jasper's words just sorta stopped midsentence, as he pulled his drink quickly to his lips.

"Um, excuse me." I heard this adorable voice ring behind me. I turned around to see the redhead standing behind me. I couldn't help but realize her rather large breasts were at exactly eye level. "I just wanted to tell you that that was the best performance I have ever seen here. You guys should play here more often!"

"Th-Thanks!" I exclaimed, Allison giggling to herself across the table. "I'm Zach, and this is Jasper and his wife Allison."

"Pleased to meet you!"

"Charmed!" Jasper smiled and extended his hand.

"I'm Chloe," she said as she shook his hand. "Can I join you all for a little bit?"

"Sure!" I was excited, and I couldn't really disguise it at the moment. "Lemme get you a drink."

"Just a tea will be fine, I have to drive." I quickly got it and returned as she pulled up a chair to our table. Some guy had taken the stage and was murdering some Beatles songs as we began chatting. We sat there talking back and forth for about a half hour when Allison told us she had to leave so she could get to sleep. Jasper got his guitar, and stood up to leave.

"Hey man, do you want a ride or are you good to walk home?" I think he could see the solemn expression on my face, and I knew he felt bad about having to leave now.

"Oh, don't worry, I can take him home!" Chloe chimed in, with a squeak in her voice. She adjusted her glasses, then looked into my eyes. "I mean, if that's ok with you."

I couldn't believe my luck. I was content to just mope around my apartment all night, now I was having a wonderful time with a gorgeous redhead. "That sounds wonderful to me!"

"Ok then!" Jasper said as he turned towards the exit, his wife hanging off his arm. "Maybe we get together tomorrow and work on some new music?"

"I think that's a good idea man." For the first time since Taryn left, I felt the creative urge kick back in. I turned back to Chloe and stroked her hand playfully. We ended up staying at the coffee shop for another hour or so, talking about bands we liked and other trivial stuff. I decided it might be time to take some initiative and make something happen.

"Man, I am starting to get so tired!" I faked a yawn as best I could. "Do you think you could take me back to my apartment now? It's only about ten minutes away."

"Of course, I told you I would give you a ride, didn't I?" She giggled and winked back at me. I am fairly certain my heart skipped a beat. I couldn't take my eyes off the pair of glasses she now held up high on her face.

She was parked about two minutes away, which is a haul for the heavy ass keyboard I was pulling. We arrived at my place, and I invited her up for a nightcap before she had to get going. She eagerly accepted, and we walked the on flight up to my apartment.

"Oh wow, this is a really nice place!" She exclaimed as she walked in ahead of me. It was a fairly decent place, but if I had remembered how messy it was in here I might have said I would need to stay at her place. She didn't seem to mind though, as she slowly sauntered over to the couch and plopped her sizable backside right in the middle.

"I think I may have that tea from the shop in here somewhere, if you want so more."

"That would be lovely, thank you." I set the pot on the stove and then walked over to join her on the couch. As I got there, I could see her looking at a picture I had of myself and Taryn at the county fair from last year. Back when we were happy. "Oh, she's so pretty! Who is she?"

"That is Taryn, my ex-girlfriend." It still stung a little to say it out loud. "We just broke up two months ago and I didn't have the heart to throw out that picture yet."

"I know exactly what you mean. I just broke up with old boyfriend six months ago, and I still have his picture on my mantle. God, he was such a jerk!"

"What was wrong with him, he must be insane if he didn't do absolutely everything for you!" I turned beet red as I realized what I had just let slip out of my mouth. Chloe giggled as her eyes met mine.

"The sex was terrible! He never did anything but boring missionary. He never went down on me, and he only let me give him a blowjob once!" I felt a twitch in my pants at the mention of that, the image of her lips wrapped around my dick danced in my mind. It looked pretty damn excellent.

"Taryn was kind of the same way. She only sucked my dick once, on my twenty-first birthday. It was my special present, since she let me cum all over her glasses." I scolded myself in my mind. Not exactly the best thing to say to the hot young woman sitting next to you on your couch at one in the morning. I could see a twitch in her eye, but I couldn't tell if it was a good one or not.

"That...that sounds...I think I need a drink." She said as her face turned red to match her hair again.

"The tea should be ready in just a minute."

"I want something a little harder than that." I smirked, and she got even redder.

"There is some whiskey in the cabinet over there, you are free to have some if you want."

"Thanks." She poured herself a double and chugged it down quick. She poured another for herself and then joined me on the couch again.

"So..." she said, looking away from me shyly. "Is cumming on a girl's glasses a turn on for you?" I couldn't believe what I was hearing. "I have wanted to try that for a while, but my ex said it was too gross. Called me a whore for even bringing it up." I reached over and wrapped my arm around her shoulder.

"I think he was just an idiot. I couldn't imagine a sexier thing than seeing you with jizz covering those glasses." I was a little surprised at my own boldness.

"So, you really like girls with glasses huh?"

"I think it is the absolute hottest thing a girl can wear. It definitely doesn't hurt to be drop dead gorgeous like you though." She smiled softly at me. I think the alcohol might be going to her head already.

"Do you...do you wanna try it with me?" My little guy stood at full attention now. I could see her wet her lips in anticipation.

"You want me to jerk onto your glasses?"

"Oh no!" She exclaimed, a shocked look on her face. "I want to suck your dick until you blow on my glasses." Little did she know, her saying that almost made me blow it in my pants before this even started. Instead of answering her, I pulled close and pressed my lips to hers. "Oh Zach," she cooed into my mouth. I pulled my hand over and rested it on her right breast, squeezing gently. She moaned into my mouth as I kneaded the soft flesh. "Oh god!"

She backed away for a second and set her glasses down on the couch. She pulled her sweater up over her head, revealing her bra-covered tits to me. I reached over and grabbed both of them, squeezing hard this time. She squealed and smacked at my hands. "Not yet," she said as she reached back behind her to undo her bra. She let it fall off and I finally got to see her tits in all their glory. They had to be at least a large C, maybe even a D. Whatever the size, they were proportioned beautifully. She reached down to put her glasses back on as I grabbed her right breast and tweaked her nipple. She began moaning heavily. "Hell yes, play with my tits!"

I moved in to kiss her again, then slowly worked my way down until her left nipple was in my mouth. I began to gently suck as I continued to work her right breast with my hands. I looked up to see her biting her lower lip. She seemed to be enjoying this even more than me. She moved her arm down slowly and undid the button on her jeans, then her hand disappeared under her cute little panties. I alternated back and forth between her breasts for about five minutes before returning to kissing her beautiful lips.

"It's time," she finally said as she slinked off the couch and got on her knees in front of me. She began rubbing my dick with one hand while slowly undoing my belt and zipper with the other. When she got it undone I stood and she pulled down my jeans and boxers in one motion, leaving my achingly hard cock to flop right down onto her face. Seeing her stare through those glasses as my dick rest on her face was the hottest thing I had ever seen in my life. "Oh my god, this thing is huge!" I didn't consider my eight inches huge, just above average. "It's gotta be at least three inches bigger than my ex!" That made me smile pretty hard as I positioned it near her lips.

"I'm not sure that thing will even fit in my mouth," she said as a wave of disappointment threatened to overcome me. "Although I definitely want to try!" Chloe grabbed my cock at the base, and placed a light kiss right on the tip of my dick. "Delicious..." she exclaimed as she backed away a little, leaving a stream of precum leading from my dick to her lip. She returned to it and placed little kisses from the tip of my dick up to the base, then she took one of my balls into her mouth. I couldn't believe it! I have never had a girl suck on my balls before. It was an amazing feeling. I groaned loudly as she looked up at me and giggled. "Somebody seems to like that." I nodded my head rapidly as she moved over and took the other one into her mouth. She sucked on it gently before she ran her tongue up the bottom of my cock, flicking the tip lightly as she finished.

"Time for the main event," she said before opening her mouth wide and putting the head of my dick past her lips. She looked me dead in the eye as I saw her hand migrate back down into her panties. She furiously flicked her tongue over the head of dick, then slowly began putting more and more into her mouth. She got about four inches in before she stopped. She slowly released my cock, letting it out of her mouth with a loud pop. "I think that's as deep as I can get it, will that be ok?" I didn't verbally answer, instead moving my hand to the back of her head and pulling her closer to my cock again. She gladly parted her lips again as my cock found it way into her wet mouth. 

She slurped wildly at it, then starting bobbing her head up and down, slowly at first, but gradually picking up speed. Her other hand moved down into her panties as well, mashing her tits together as she rubbed her aching clit. She was sucking pretty fast now, and I swear an extra inch was disappearing past those lips. I relinquished my hold on her hair as I leaned back into the couch and groaned loudly. I could feel the cum swirling in my balls, ready for release at any time. 

I motioned for her to stop, and she pulled my cock out of her mouth and looked my dead in the eyes. "Are you ready?" She asked eagerly, anticipation overwhelming her. I nodded in approval and took my dick into my hand. She lined up even with my throbbing cock and opened her mouth. Her hands still plastered to her slit, she was staring at my dick waiting for her milky reward. I obliged her very shortly.

I blasted a long line right into one of the lenses of her glasses. She flinched a little, unfamiliar with having someone blow his load into your face I'm sure, but she took it like a champ. Stream after stream of my hot jizz splattered off her frames, and I could hear her moan as her body tensed up. Apparently frosting her glasses was enough to make her cum as well, which caused me to cum even harder. After what felt like five minutes, I could finally feel my orgasm subside. I slumped back into the couch, feeling spent. She looked at me, and I could see the cum dripping from her glasses onto her face. A little even fell down and landed right on her big tits.

"That was the hardest I have ever cum!" She said, looking exhausted as well.

"Me too! You are amazing Chloe."

"No, you and your monster dick are amazing. I just got lucky." She smiled, still looking at me through cum covered glasses. I quickly remembered something, and decided this night wasn't even close to over with yet.

"Hey," I said, the idea brewing over in my head. "Why don't we switch spots, and you let me eat that little pussy of yours?" A surprised look jumped into her eyes as she contemplated the idea.

"I think I would love that, but I have never had that done to me before. What do I do?"

"You just help me get these jeans off you, then lay back and enjoy," I said, followed by a wink. She began to peel herself out of her jeans, revealing her blue boyshort underwear and a pair of knee high socks. Her ass was perfectly shaped and looked delectable, but that wasn't the goal tonight. She ran into the kitchen and grabbed a towel to clean off her face, but she scooped up the jizz that had fallen onto her tits and popped it into her mouth.

"Delicious," she said as she sat back down on the couch. I reached up and grabbed her panties by both sides, pulling slowly down her thigh to reveal her gorgeous little pussy. I could see a little tuft of hair on top, matching the exquisite red hair on the top of her head. Obviously she was getting excited, as I saw a stream of fluid escape from her tight slit and land on my couch cushion. I slowly kissed down her leg, falling the panties been dragged off. As soon as they hit the ground, she kicked them off to the side and spread her legs wide.

I took my time with this. I offered her my index finger, which she gladly took into her mouth. She sucked it to get it nice and slippery, then I popped it out of her mouth and straight in to her aching pussy. She squealed with delight. I used my thumb to rub her clit and began to kiss the inside of her thighs. I worked my way up, all the while jackhammering my finger into that tight cunt. I planted my lips right on her patch of pubes, and heard her moan.

"Don't....don't tease me like that." She cried out, gasping for breath. "Please, tongue fuck my pussy!" I immediately obliged, removing my hands and replacing them with my tongue. I slowly lapped at her outer walls before sticking my tongue as far as I could into her wet hole. She arched her back immediately, making her tits jiggle. She used her hand to grab one of her flopping breasts and grabbed my hair with the other. She tasted divine.
