 Every word of this story is true.

*****

I did it. I broke down and made a booty call. The drought is over! I sent Gunner a text, asking if he was seeing anyone. He was not. I said I was looking for a booty call and he replied, "I'm your man." Then he demanded a photo of my tits, and then a photo of my pussy. I can't seem to say no to this guy. He is a weird combination of a gentleman and a jackass. I like my guys a little rough around the edges, I guess.

He asked how long it had been, I replied "15 months." He said, "you'll be like a virgin again!" We made plans for Sunday evening. Our text exchange ended with my comment, "Be prepared to tarp your load, trucker-boy. I am not on the pill anymore."

Because I have kids and he has nosy neighbors, our options were limited, but we are problem-solvers. We decided to try it in my pickup, out in the country. This was not an ideal situation, since we are no longer teenagers and neither of us is small or bendy. I am 5'9" and Gunner is a big guy, 6'3" and built like a linebacker. My pickup is 25 years old with a bench seat and a narrow backseat. 

I decided to wear the yellow shirt I worked so hard for (see Gunner's Shirt). I picked Gunner up outside of Suds, his home as well as his home away from home, and we headed out to the country. He had a remote spot in mind. He spent the ride out with his hand down the neck of my shirt playing with my bra-less tits.

"You do realize that last time I did this I got caught? I was right on this road, off over there behind that old school."

"What happened?"

"I was in high school. We were in a 1967 Buick Electra with a lot more room than this thing has. A cop had followed us and parked where we couldn't see him. He walked up to the car and surprised the hell out of us."

"What did you do?"

"My guy grabbed the blanket and didn't leave me much to cover up with. The cop took our licenses and gave us a chance to get our clothes on. The he told us to knock it off and go home."

"Did the cop get an eye-full?"

"He had to have, Andy had the blanket. I think that was our last date."

"I've never been caught."

"I call dibs on the blanket if we get caught tonight."

"Good luck, girl." 

We drove further up the road, through the canyon and up on top of the hills. Gunner said, "ahead in about half a mile." I topped the hill and there was someone parked on the side of the road.

"Looks like someone else has the same idea," I joked. The guy was clearly scouting for deer. "Bow season must be starting next week." The place Gunner had in mind had another hunter parked in it, as did the next spot. By this time, we were 16 miles from town. "Why don't we go out by my dad's? It is the best parking place in the county."

Another two miles down the road a trail led off about 50 yards and ended at a cliff overlooking a huge valley below. The trail was well-used and obviously only for one thing, since it led nowhere. The sun was about to go down, but we had plenty of light left in the evening. I pulled under a tree and cut the engine. Gunner and I looked at each other awkwardly wondering how this was going to work. We discussed turning the backseat into a bed, but neither of us thought Gunner would fit back there since it is a two-door pickup.

Gunner got out of the pickup and shucked off his jeans, shirt and boy-panties while I climbed out of my jeans and panties under the steering wheel. Gunner sat back down in the passenger seat and applied his 75-cent insurance policy. I crawled over and sat on his lap facing him, his big dick pressed against my pussy. The air was turning chilly making my nipples pretty and perky under the yellow shirt. He helped lift me up so I could slide down on his dick.

I could feel him easing into my wet pussy. I was plenty wet, but the fit was a little tight. Gunner worked his way into my pussy, each stroke making more headway. When our pubic bones met we started the serious fucking. I leaned forward wrapping my arms around his neck while I bounced on his lap. He thrust up against me and we found our rhythm.

A fifteen-month dry spell will give you new respect for the pleasures of the flesh. The friction of hairy, manly skin on soft, smooth skin, the scent of cologne mixed with honest sweat, the salty taste of our kisses, the sound of my breath being pushed out in a steady pace with the pounding I was getting. "Huh, huh, huh, Oh, my god, why didn't I call you earlier?" I cried out.

"Fuck, yeah!"

I arched my back and ground my hips into Gunner's as his fingers dug into my ass, pulling himself into me further.

"Huh huh, this is actually working pretty good for me," I said, out of breath.

"You know, it's working for me too. One good thing, the windows are getting fogged up now."

I glanced over and we were enclosed in our own private bubble. You couldn't see anything past the windows.

I shucked my shirt and leaned back against the dash rocking and bucking my hips against him, my tits bouncing in time with our thrusting. I had my head cocked at an angle against the windshield and it kept thudding. I experimented, but holding it against the headliner was more uncomfortable than just letting it bang against the windshield. 

"Are you comfortable like that?" Gunner asked.

"Hell no, but I am gonna make it work!"

Gunner used his hands on my hips to help me out, this angle provided great clitoral stimulation and I was getting close to an orgasm when we both developed leg cramps, so I eased off him and got my leg straightened out. I leaned forward and kissed him, our tongues entwined and I tasted Bud Light and Copenhagen, the flavor of the west.

I reclined with my head by the steering wheel and my right leg flung over the seat back. "Do you think this will work, or will you smoosh me?"

"Prepare to get smooshed," Gunner said has he moved into position. Smoosh me he did, but after all those months of inadequate toys and my fingers, I craved a big sweaty guy pounding away at me, and that is what Gunner did. I slid to where my head was against the door and I used my left foot to brace against the windshield. I love the intimacy of kissing during sex, and this position gave us plenty of room for that. I reached up and pinched and pulled Gunner's nipples like he enjoys. He reached down and bit my right nipple hard, causing me to cry out in the glorious chiaroscuro of dark pleasure and bright pain. I was touched he remembered after all those years.

"What are you thinking?" Gunner looked into my eyes with greed.

Don't ask me what I am thinking during sex. It can only end poorly. I couldn't think fast enough to come up with something sexy so I told the truth, "This is so hot, I am gonna be writing about this for a website."

Gunner chuckled and kissed me again and moved back so I could sit up. I turned my back to him and got on my hands and knees and looked back around. He climbed up on the seat and slid his cock into me from behind and grabbed one of my tits as he pounded into me.

"Whew, that was cold!" Gunner commented.

I was too busy trying to find a safe place to put my head, to wonder what was going on with him at the time. The seat had no traction to brace against the attack from behind. I was worried I would get stuck somehow with my head under the steering wheel and my ass in the air. Gunner had no worries and kept up his attack on me until he came with one last big push.

I extracted myself from my corner and collapsed against Gunner to catch my breath. I glanced out the window to see how dark it was and realized I was looking through an ass-print. That was what had distracted Gunner, the cold, wet window on his ass. Haha! 

We got everything put back together and when I went to reverse out of our parking place, I discovered somewhere in the throes of passion, I had managed to kick the rear-view mirror off the windshield. I had to roll my window down to see out because we were still in our fog bubble, although the window on Gunner's side had a big ass-print on it so I could see out that side pretty decent.

On the drive back, I couldn't stop myself from smiling and giggling and squirming.

"What are you smiling about?"

"I am just happy to be alive."

"You are a friend with excellent benefits, Pam," Gunner commented as he cracked a beer open.

We had a nice time catching up on the last five years. I was reminded how much I enjoy male companionship. When I dropped Gunner off, I gave him a printed copy of the shirt story. He enjoyed the walk down memory lane. We have plans to do this again in a couple of weeks, next time I am going to put the blanket under my ass and see if we can do anal instead of the steering wheel tangle.