  Part I

My name is Alice; I work as a receptionist in a big medical centre in the inner suburbs. Most of the girls I work with are single and in their twenties. We all like to party pretty hard from Friday to Sunday. Our favourite bar is "Hank's". We like this place because it is casual and unpretentious, without loud music and wanker guys who think they are God's gift to women. That is not to say that there was no one there to look at. Generally the guys who go to Hanks are cashed up tradies. 

These guys do manual labour for a living so they are fit and toned. But unlike a lot of blue collar workers they like to look after themselves. They wax their chests and wear expensive after shave under their designer shirts and $300 jeans. They like to go to Hank's because it is a bit more upmarket than the suburban pubs and the girls are more classy. Unlike most office workers these girls don't really go for the suits that they work with but they still expect to be treated well. 

I love a guy who looks after himself. I love a body that is smooth and well muscled; nice chests and arms with a beautiful tight arse and no beer gut. I don't mind if they have some hair but a waxed chest and some original well placed tats are always a plus. 

One Friday night we walked into Hank's and went to the bar. We ordered our drinks and looked for a seat. We liked to get a good vantage point closer to the bar so we could check out the talent, but close enough to the dance floor so we wouldn't miss half of the song getting to the dance floor when we wanted to dance. 

We couldn't get our usual seat but we still managed to get a reasonable spot and the talent in the immediate area was good. I spotted a guy standing at the end of the bar. He seemed to be by himself. He was slimmer than the types of guys I normally went for. His hair was messy as if he had lost his comb and he had a definite 5 o'clock shadow but there was something about him. When he looked at me it was obvious that he was checking me out, but it also felt as though he was imagining what it would be like to be in bed with me. I found myself imagining what it would be like to kiss those lips, where he would put his hands and what he would do with his dick.

He came over and leaned on the bar and said, "You look like you have some very impure thoughts going on behind those incredible eyes." 

I looked into his eyes. They were clear and blue, looking into them felt like diving into the ocean. They drew you in and it was intoxicating, I felt myself slipping into them and drowning.

He continued, "Perhaps you would like to share some of them with me."

There was a moment of silence and he looked at me intently waiting for my response. 

"A woman has the right to keep some secrets," I replied.

He leaned down and kissed me. Not softly or gently but with the same intensity as his look. He tasted like cigarettes and booze and testosterone. I inhaled his smell and savoured the taste of him. I felt as though he was giving me an addictive drug. I could feel myself on the verge of being addicted. Part of my mind wanted me to fight it but the rest of me was helpless. I wanted him to never stop kissing me. 

I could feel wetness between my legs. I was sure if he put his hand on my crotch there would be a damp patch on my skirt. His hand was on my leg moving upwards to probe around the top of my thigh. He was pressed close to me and the smell of him was sending me into a frenzy. I was no longer in control of my body, my knees were trembling and I had to hold on to the bar to stop myself from falling over. Our bodies pressed together and I felt his hand on my crotch.

"Mmmmm, I wonder what is under this skirt," his breath was hot in my ear. I could feel his dick throbbing against my thigh and a new gush of wetness.

I looked up into his eyes and the helpless drowning feeling came over me again. All that I was aware of was him, his eyes, his smell and the feel of his dick on my thigh. I wanted to see him naked and feel him pressing me into a bed thrusting himself into my pussy. 

After what seemed an eternity he leaned down and whispered in my ear, "Let's get out of here."

He led me by the hand through the crowd. I glimpsed my friends giving me the thumbs up as we went up the stairs and out the door. On the street outside he pushed me up against the wall next to the entrance and kissed me again. Then his whole body was against mine and he pressed his leg between my knees. He slid his hand inside my top to cup my breast and gently squeeze my nipple between his fingers. 

I was whimpering into his mouth as he pressed his thigh against my pussy and my hands gripped his back. I pressed my hands into his pants over his arse feeling his firm cheeks between my fingers.

"Geez guys, get a room will you?" A person waiting in the line for the bar yelled out. The spell was broken and without a word he lifted himself off of me and led me down an alley to where his car was parked. 

"It might be a bit quieter here." He pressed me up against the door of his car and continued with the exploration of my breast that was interrupted before. His other hand found its way inside my skirt and up my thigh. 

He grasped my knickers between his strong fingers, "I don't think that you will need these." He pulled them down and they fell around my ankles. He put his hand on one of my knees and softly ran his hands up my thighs. My knees parted so that his hand could reach my pussy. He ran his fingers around the lips of my pussy and slipping into the inner folds to feel the wetness there.

I moaned as he continued to tease around the entrance of my pussy and touch my clit ever so lightly. All the while he continued to kiss me. His hand explored my other breast and then pulled my shirt open so that his mouth could tease my nipple. It hardened at the feeling of his hot breath and the warm wetness and flicking of his tongue. 

I pushed him off of me so that I could look at him. I pulled his shirt open and ran my hands over his chest. I rubbed my finger gently over his nipples and when I saw the response in his face and felt them harden I leaned over and teased each one with my tongue.

My tongue found its way down over his chest exploring his stomach to that sexy piece of skin just above his cock. I lingered there, tracing the top of his pants and stroking his erection through the fabric of his pants. He was breathing heavily now and I savoured the power I had over him. I took my time, licking every part of his stomach while I slowly unzipped him. 

Looking straight into his eyes I eased his hot, rock hard cock out of his pants and began to make little cat licks over the head of his cock. The excitement I could see in his eyes turned me on even further and I increased the speed of my licks, taking his head into my mouth after each lick. I held back from taking his whole shaft into my mouth until he could stand it no more. Then he placed his hands on the back of my head to push me on to him.

I sucked him in deeply, listening to his panting as it increased to groans. My own excitement was increasing in line with his until he pulled me off of him.

"God you are hot."

He opened the door of the car and sat down and pulled me on top of him. By now my pussy was so wet it was streaming. I held myself above him for a while teasing the tip of his cock with my clit, but I was frantic with the need to feel him inside me. 

When he thrust into me it felt as though he was made to be inside me. A perfect, insanely erotic fit. I do not remember how many times I came. All I can remember is riding him hard while he grasped my breasts and I was screaming out my pleasure to the empty carpark. His grunts and cries of pleasure rose to meet my own until we both exploded together, and I could feel his cum shooting up into me. 

I collapsed onto his chest and he absently stroked my hair. Then he looked at me,

"You want to get something to eat?"

"I need to find my knickers," I said straightening my bra and shirt.

"You don't need them," He got out of the car and walked around to the driver's side. As he walked I saw him stoop down to where we had been standing and pick up my underwear. 

When he got back in the car I tried to retrieve them, "I'm not going into KFC with your cum running down my leg." I reached for my underwear.

"We'll get drive through." He put my knickers in his pocket and zipped up his pants. I felt a little sorry to see his magnificent dick covered over like that. Like I had lost a new friend before I had the chance to get to know him properly.

 

 Part II

The trip to KFC was fun. As we sat in the queue for the drive through I leaned over to unzip his jeans and then I coaxed his cock out of his pants. I sucked him into my mouth tasting my pussy on him. Because he was still limp I could swish him around in my mouth with my tongue and I enjoyed to sensation of the softer him. 

It didn't last for long. I felt him growing inside my mouth and I began to play with the head of his cock. I teased the ridge under his head with my tongue and experimented flicking the tip of my tongue over this sensitive spot and then sucking firmly as if I was trying to suck a shake through a straw. 

As we pulled up to the speaker to order I continued with my sucking and teasing. His excitement was increasing by now and I could hear that he was having problems concentrating enough to order properly. I smiled to myself as he stuttered through the order.

"You are going to have to stop that before we get to the window," He addressed the back of my head. 

"Mmmn mnnt," I shook my head for emphasis. 

"I see." 

We drove up to the window. I desperately wanted to see the girls face as she leaned out to pass over our food and take his money. I resisted the temptation though until the very last when I turned my head and our eyes met. She was a nice looking girl but very young. She had that look that people have when they see something they don't want to but they can't look away. I winked at her and she quickly stepped back from the window as the colour rose up her cheeks. 

As we drove away I sat up so that I could enjoy the food while it was hot. 

"You are a very bad girl for doing that to me," he wagged his finger at me as he reached for the chips. "You deserve a spanking for being so naughty."

I shrugged, "You loved it. You should have asked that girl to come home with us for a threesome, she was pretty hot."

"You are a very bad girl." He fixed those eyes on me and I felt a jolt in my pussy as I remembered him staring into my eyes as I rode him on the front seat. I became aware of how wet my pussy was from his cum but also a new warm gush as I thought of the feel of his cock in my mouth and wanted him again. 

I spread my legs and hitched my skirt up so that he could see my bare crotch. He was taking peeks in between concentrating on the traffic. I put my hand over my pussy and then traced around the outer lips as he had in the car park. She leaked out some more juice as my excitement increased and I felt a slight throbbing begin again in my clit. 

I pushed my finger further inside her stroking my more sensitive parts gently. I gave a shudder and I looked over at his cock which sat proud and erect with a small amount of pre-cum glistening on the head. Right then all I wanted was to sit on his lap again and feel that beautiful member thrusting inside me. 

We drove into the garage and turned off the motor. He turned to me and said, "Now I'm gonna fix you." 

He pulled down the top of my dress and licked my nipples, squeezing my tits together and moving his head from side to side so that each one was licked almost simultaneously. I fell back gasping against the seat. My skirt had ridden up and his eyes were drawn to my bare pussy. He ran his hand up my thigh pushing my legs apart and bent over so that he could see the folds of my pussy more clearly. Gently, almost reverently, he traced round the folds and peered closely. My clit grew bigger with the feel of his breath against it and my pussy opened a little in anticipation.

"Mmmmm, she is a hungry pussy isn't she," he murmured as put his finger inside me. I thought it was a finger but it turned out to be two. He bent them slightly and moved them around watching my face as he did. When he found the spot, he smiled and gently pressed and stroked until I was almost screaming with the need of his dick.

"You like that don't you," he smiled. I couldn't speak right then but I managed a nod. 

"Tell me what you want." 

I couldn't answer as I was too far gone. He got out of the car and walked around to me, opened the door and took me out and bent me over the bonnet. The warmth of the motor increased the heat in my face. I liked the feel of the hard warm metal against my breasts. 

I heard his breath as he leaned over me and then felt his throbbing cock against my naked butt. 

"Tell me what you want." I could feel his body on top of mine and his cock pushing against me, searching for its home. I spread my legs slightly so that the path would be easier. 

I moaned, "Please." 

He moved his hips so that the tip of his dick was at the entrance to my pussy and thrust slightly so that it barely entered. My legs went weak with wanting him. I held on to the bonnet to keep myself from falling. He took his dick out and I moaned again.

"I want you. All the way in," I managed to pant out. 

He thrust all of himself into me and I screamed in pleasure, which quickly turned to a whimper when he withdrew again. 

"Please don't stop," I whimpered again.

This time he was gentler and with each thrust I could feel the build up. I was so close. He put his finger into me next to his cock and touched the spot again. I could feel the orgasm coming; almost touch it.

With the next stroke I came grunting and moaning like a wild cat against the bonnet of his car. He kept up the pressure against my pussy and I felt several more orgasms, each one fading away like waves. 

When I finished, he held me gently. I could not stand up, 

"Let me take you upstairs." 

 Part III

As we walked through the front door I inhaled the masculine smell of his apartment. It was like a room full of him. I walked over to a black leather couch and lay back on it. I was still glowing from the fucking in the garage. Although I was in a lull right now he had seriously kick started my motor. I knew that after a brief rest I would be ready for full action and I could already feel my pussy wanting to know where that fantastic cock went. 

"You want a drink?" He interrupted my thoughts. 

"Sure, JD and coke would be good, or Vodka and anything," 

"A woman after my own heart, JD is the drink of the gods."

He came back with my drink and I savoured that dark taste of the bourbon, it went well with the taste of him that I still had in my mouth. As if to make sure I could still taste him he kissed me deeply, probing into my mouth with his tongue. I felt as though the nerves in my skin had been super sensitised so that I could feel every movement and breath. We kept on kissing tasting each other and exploring each other's mouths. As we kissed our hands roamed all over each other exploring hair, backs, bums. As his hands moved around to explore my breasts he broke away from my lips to kiss down the side of my neck. I panted and groped at him as he pushed his hand inside my top seeking out my nipples, which were standing to attention like little soldiers inside my bra. 

I broke away from him to tear off my shirt and bra so that he could have full access to my breasts. He looked at them for a while and then started tracing over them with his finger. He leaned forward and gently licked each nipple before taking the whole lot into his mouth. It felt as though my insides had turned into hot liquid and I sank back further into the couch moaning as he sucked and teased me with his tongue.

All the while he ran his hands over my body which was tingling to his touch. My skirt had ridden up and my naked streaming wet pussy was bare to his view. We could both smell the scent of her. He smiled slyly and then bent down to slip his tongue into the top of her slit. I could feel the warmth as he teased around my clit. 

He slipped off the couch to kneel in front of me between my legs. Gently he pulled my lips apart to look at my neat pink pussy glistening with wetness.

"Wow she is so beautiful and neat. Perfect." He murmured. 

I couldn't respond. I was off in sex bliss land. He leaned down and gently started to lick. Long strokes covering all over coaxing my clit out of its little hiding spot. I could feel it throbbing and growing in response to his warm, wet tongue. I gave little sighs and moans and he responded, giving attention to the areas that gave the best responses. He placed his lips firmly over me and sucked my clit into his mouth. The waves of pleasure and orgasms washed through me. I felt as though I could lay there all night with his head between my legs and his tongue pleasing me. 

After what seemed like forever he lifted his head and looked at me with pussy juice running down his chin. He grinned at me. 

"God you taste fantastic. I could drink your juice all night!"

I smiled back at him, "I am not going to stop you any time soon, but I would like to feel that fantastic cock of yours inside me sometime." 

He smiled and stood up to let his pants fall to the ground. His cock stood out in front of him, thick, strong and proud. I leaned forward to stroke him savouring the feel of the warm smooth, velvety skin in my hands. As I stroked I looked up at his face. His eyes were closed and he was breathing heavily enjoying my attentions.

"I need to fuck you now," his voice was urgent with desire.

He took my hand as I stood up from the couch and led me down a short hallway to his bedroom. We shed what was left of our clothing and he laid me down on the satin sheets covering his massive bed. I savoured the cool smoothness of the sheets on my skin. 

He kneeled between my legs and stroked my pussy with is beautiful cock. Each stroke was like torture as I craved to feel his fullness inside me. I could tell by the look on his face that he wanted to plunge inside me as much as I wanted him. 

I couldn't stand it any more. I had raised my hips and was pushing against him trying to guide him into me. Suddenly he gave into temptation and thrust deeply inside me. I felt amazing as I gripped him tightly savouring the feeling of him inside me. He fucked me hard and I screamed out my pleasure as he pounded into me. I could feel the intensity building up in me and in him till we were both teetering on the edge. 

He slowed down pulling us back before we tipped over. We were both panting with how close we had come but still locked together. There was no way I was going to let him take that cock out of me. I was becoming addicted to the feel of him inside me. 

He pulled out of me as I protested and flipped me over so that he could fuck me from behind. I didn't have to wait long to feel him inside me again thrusting as hard and as fast as before. Fucking like animals until he was on the brink of coming and slowing down until he regained control. He put his finger inside my pussy wetting it with my juice and the wetting my butt with more of my juice. I was in a frenzy feeling him touching around my tight hole.

When I was wet enough he slipped a finger inside my butt as he continued to fuck me. 

"Gahhh!" I screamed out my pleasure at the increased pressure and I felt the sensation from my arse starting to take over from my pussy.

"You like that?" He grunted in my ear.

"Oh fuck YES!"

"I can feel myself fucking you. God it is incredible."
