 They were sailing in the Gulf of Aqaba with the fleet, supporting the super carrier George H. W. Bush. They were aboard an LHD amphib with a contingent of over one thousand fleet sailors and about 1,600 Marines. Gunny Atwater was responsible for a rifle company of Marines, with usually about 80 to 100 Marines under her supervision. She had been aboard for six months now and was starting to feel as horny as she had ever been.

She had been developing relationships with other Gunnery Sergeants on board ship, staying in her own rank for reasons of no fraternization. She was a stickler for regs. Always had been. It was one reason she had made rank so quickly, and also why she had so few good friends. Others were a little more lax and were slightly jealous of her.

Now, for the first time, she was looking outside the Corps. She had seen a Chief Petty Officer on deck one day who had caught her eye. He was a Master-at-Arms, and was really just her type. He was over six foot tall, had huge, hairy forearms showing from his sleeves, and his large feet indicated something else might be large, too. She had just decided to introduce herself to him when all hell broke loose.

The sound of small arms fire could be heard over the side of the ship. She was up on the landing deck, and immediately moved to her duty station. She was over-seeing a platoon of Marines who were manning a .50 caliber machine gun on the starboard side of the ship. As she moved into position next to the platoon sergeant who was really in charge of these Marines she saw what appeared to be smoke plumes coming up and past her troops. This got her blood moving. She looked over the side and saw several small boats apparently powered by out-board motors zooming past her position and shooting small arms fire up into the side of the ship.

There was a corporal on the .50 cal firing at the boats and trying to take out what were most likely pirates. They had become more and more aggressive over the past few weeks. They hadn't yet learned what they were fighting against. It was not her job to take over for her men, but the staff sergeant motioned her over to the gun and put his hand on the corporal's shoulder. He looked up, saw the Gunny and moved aside. Gunny Atwater got the thrill of using the .50 cal one more time.

As she fired she loved the feeling she always got when in charge of fighting the enemy. And also, the sick feeling in the pit of the stomach when she saw a man getting blown off one of the boats. The feelings were always mixed. A great feeling of patriotism while fighting her country's enemies and the sorrow that this had to go on. She was a strong Gunny, but she never forgot she was fighting living, breathing, human beings.

The battle ended as it always did out here in the gulf. The pirates fled, leaving their dead in the water to sink and feed the sharks. The Marines began policing their position, picking up their brass, and, when it had cooled down, cleaning their weapon. Gunny Atwater moved to begin working on her reports due after any action. Her platoon sergeant did the same. Reports helped them all to become better Marines after any action.

As she made her way to her office space below decks she happened to see the Chief she had been eyeing earlier. He was placing his men back to work after the small battle had ended. They still had deck duties to accomplish. She looked him up and down, then noticed he was doing the same to her. Unconsciously, she blushed. Her face almost matched her hair, hidden under her camo cap. Then, she realized how she was staring and moved quickly away.

Gunny Atwater was lucky. She was very sensual. That came in handy in the Corps. It greatly increased her chances for outstanding sex. Sex with anyone could be enjoyable, but sex with service people was fucking fantastic. And she was not shy about making her needs known to the ones who made her pussy tingle. But, again, she stayed within her own pay-grade. That set certain limits, and she had made her way through several other Gunneys and had found few who made her heart really turn over. Sex was sex, but she wanted the best.

The next day she was moving across the landing deck when she saw the Chief of her thoughts moving towards her. She didn't break stride. He came up to her, stopped, and then he said, "Gunny, are you interested in a cup of the black stuff?" Well, this was her chance. Her first inclination was to say no as she looked up into his face. She had never gone outside the Corps for male companionship. But, this felt so damned right. He was giving her a crooked grin as he looked down at her that worked its way into her Marine heart.

She had time. He obviously had time. "What the fuck," she thought, and agreed to go below decks to the mess hall and have some coffee. They settled in across from each other, and he continued the crooked grin. She had been told she had a beautiful smile by a good friend. She now displayed it to a man whom she couldn't help liking, without even knowing him.

Over the next few days. they became good buddies. Sharing coffee whenever they were both off-duty, and sharing their views on life and their likes and dislikes. They were feeling each other out. Usually leathernecks and swabbies kept apart. It was tradition. Marines hated being told they were "part" of the Navy, and sailors thought the Marines were lazy because sailors had daily duties to fulfill, not noticing the training the Marines continued every day they weren't actually fighting.

Actually, truth be told, sailors were probably as lazy as they came, having to be continually supervised by senior petty officers. Even then, they could often be found lounging in the nooks and crannies of a large ship. Oh well, any kind of troop got lazy without an NCO or PO kicking a little ass.

But Gunny Atwater was developing some real yearning for Chief Lovall. Yes, that was really his name! They both shared a deep patriotism and both shared a love for their individual services. They were also coming to the realization that they shared deep feelings for each other. What to do about it was another matter!

It was a case of deep lust. And it had to be consummated! It would be. Being senior enlisted they had their own bunks that they didn't have to rotate in and out of with other enlisted people. But they did share compartments with other ranks and so they had to time their trysts to when the compartments were empty. Either his or hers.

When they were able to get together they had some absolutely fabulous sex. Their first meeting set the tone. Gunny Atwater told him to call her Abby. Chief Lovall told her to call him Phil. That was the last of the formalities. They began stripping off their uniforms and fell into each other's arms. Abby was about half his size but she was the aggressor. She hopped up on him and lowered herself down on his huge cock. It was as hard as steel. She could barely force her cunt down onto it, but she did it, and then rode him like he was a Brahma bull. She rode him so hard they both came in about two or three minutes. Together. His cumming almost lifted her off of him.

Then they both got into 69 position and ate some cum off of each other. She crammed as much of his cock into her mouth as she could, after thoroughly cleaning her own cum and his off of it. He sucked her dry, getting some of his own cum and not giving a damn. She was so fucking hot! This was their first session together. They only had a half hour before they needed to leave. Other personnel would be returning soon. They dressed quickly and "broke ranks."

In the next few weeks at sea they set records for sexual positions aboard a naval vessel. Their next session was in his bunk. This time he took command. He wanted to fuck her like she was a bitch in heat, from behind. She got on her hands and knees and presented her rosy, red cunt to him. She had always shaved it clean. Now he could see what a lovely pair of labia she had. And how badly he wanted to fuck it. So he tested the waters, found she was already dripping onto the bunk, and rammed his huge cock into her tight as hell cunt. She had to hold her scream inside, for fear of alerting other personnel. But she took it, and pushed back for more.

Again, they fucked hard and fast. It was good, so fucking good, she thought to herself. And he was thanking all the gods above for this fantastic piece of ass. He hadn't fucked this good in years! As before, they had to finish up too quickly. They were both satisfied, but both wanted more. They finished and cleared out again before they were discovered.

Their last time together on board was a week before they were due to make a port call in Dubai. They spent about an hour just exploring every orifice of each other's body. Licking here and fucking there. They spread cum all over each other and licked it off. She gave him the blow job of his life, and he rammed his tongue up her cunt and into her ass hole. He tasted every part of her, and she did the same to him. Then they returned to their duties.

When they hit port the crew went on shore leave, port and starboard. They were damned lucky. They were both bunked on the starboard side of the ship, and again, they were lucky not to have drawn duty on board during the stay at the port-of-call. This was going to be a shore leave of a lifetime for two E-7s.

They left the ship separately. Chief Lovall went into the city and rented a room at good hotel. Then he sent her a message. "Come to me, my little Gunny." She arrived later, having told friends she was seeing the sights! What sights? In Dubai it was just a brand new city. Nothing really to see. She arrived at his room and knocked on the door.

He opened the door buck naked! He was proud of his body, and he had a right to be. He was all muscle, which was hidden by the mat of hair that covered most of his body. He was so tall he towered over little Gunny Atwater. But she had no fear of any man. She took in what she loved and stripped as fast as she could. Her long, red hair hung down and shimmered in the light. Her tits were large and suck worthy. He loved her nipples. And he loved her tiny, little feet. They had fucked him one time and he had came all over her little toes.

Now began the sexual fun of their lifetimes. They had all the time they needed. No more fast fucks, afraid of being discovered. They took it slow and easy. First they began with the basics. They made out. This was something they hadn't really had time for before, wanting to get the sex going quickly. But now they made love to each other. They kissed slowly and softly at first, then more passionately, wrapping their arms around each other and just joining together as one. They started standing up, then collapsed onto the huge, king-size bed, and continued making out, fondling each other's bodies and kissing. Each nuzzled the other's ears and neck. Each kissed the other's nipples. Each just hugged the other in a loving embrace. This went on for an hour.

At last Phil's cock and Abby's pussy couldn't take any more waiting. Now the real sex began. As she did the very first time, Abby got on top, but this time she rode him backwards, so he could see her great ass as they fucked each other. He rammed so far into her little cunt that she shivered and cried out. They had no intention of being quiet this time. He fucked up into her, she fucked down onto him, and again they came at the same time. Her pussy juices were flowing down onto his balls, along with all the cum he had shot up into her. Their crotches were drenched.

They had all the time they needed. She let him relax as she made herself cum over and over diddling her pussy and clit while she was beside him on the bed watching as his cock came back to life, slowly. Finally, it was ready again. This time, it was Phil's choice. He wanted the hole he hadn't really used fully yet. It was time to give the Gunny an ass fucking!

He took all the pussy juice she had been making from her cunt, rubbed it into his cock and into her ass and put her in the position. He laid her on her back, spread her legs, put one on each shoulder, and pushed, not into her pussy, but below it, into her ass. And she could not believe how fucking huge he felt. But he went slowly, just the head, then a little more, and finally all of his cock was in her ass. She had been fucked like this before, but never by such a huge cock.

Now began the real ass-fucking. He started thrusting and she squealed, but humped back against him. He fucked her until her pussy began squirting out cum onto his cock as it rammed her ass. She kept him lubed with her juices. And they had the fucking of both of their lives. Finally, they were fulfilling the promise of that first grin and beautiful smile in the mess hall. Finally the two services were merging into one whole.

They returned aboard ship the next day together. Both had found what they had searched the whole, wide world for. They found it in the fleet, aboard an amphibious assault ship, in the Gulf of Aqaba, serving their country and now serving each other.