 Thanks to my editor Cheer_Smartie526 for helping with this. I hope you enjoy the story. 

*

Walking swiftly down the hallway, Corbin felt his heart rate rise as he approached the door to the gym. He had noticed the lights were on when he drove in, but had not been able to tell who was using the facility. It had been almost a week since his encounter with the nameless woman that he had been lusting after. Sometimes he thought it had all been a dream, but he hoped it wasn't. He waved his ID badge in front of the grey panel. Time seemed to stand still as he waited for the door to unlock, and when it finally did he eagerly opened the door. The moment he heard the steady beat of someone running on the treadmill his cock began to swell. He had modified his wardrobe for just such a possibility, sporting loose fitting shorts and a shirt that hung well below his hips. Reaching into his pocket he pulled out his phone and scrolled through the play list as he rounded the corner.

On the treadmill his fantasy woman was running at a fast pace. He watched her breasts bounce up and down with each step. He felt like he had license for more than a quick glance since she had watched him masturbate in the shower, but averted his eyes after a few seconds. She looked at him and smiled, then pulled her shirt up and wiped the sweat off her face. Without a word she released the shirt and continued her workout.

The change in his outfit was understandable and flattering, but still a bit of a disappointment. She could not really blame him for getting an erection, or from hiding it. It was an unfortunate rule of society that unlike swollen nipples poking through a tee shirt or blouse, a bulging crotch was not something to be admired. She wrote it off to his youth and inexperience. Training him to control his body was something she was confident she could accomplish.

Walking past the elliptical machine Corbin stopped at the stationary bike, which was on the other side of the treadmill. He wondered if his erection would fade away once he started his workout. He looked at her tits again, hoping to see some sign of arousal, but either the material of her sports bra was too thick, or she didn't have the tell tale sign he was looking for.

"Hi," Corbin said as he settled on to the bike, not sure if she heard him over the noise of the treadmill.

She turned when he spoke and replied, "Hello," then resumed her workout.

Corbin was confused, not sure if she was being a tease or just being discreet. He pushed down with his leg, the panel on the bike lit up and he began to enter the information it requested. Less than a minute later he had started his workout. He continued to glance up and look at her reflection in the windows, hoping to catch her looking back at him, but she seemed focused on her workout.

As her feet pounded against the treadmill Krista stole a few quick glances at him. His wardrobe was much less revealing, but she had not forgotten what he looked like naked. The only portion of his anatomy that wasn't covered by baggy clothing were his arms. They looked strong and powerful, and combined with his bushy blonde beard and shaggy hair he looked like a lumberjack or a Viking. His physique was certainly a big part of why she found him attractive, but not just because he would make a delicious piece of arm candy. Krista found being in control of someone that was physically stronger than herself was a special thrill. She noticed he had increased the intensity of his workout, and wondered if this was what he had planned or if he was trying to shorten his routine so that they would be finished around the same time. If that was true, she wondered if he would try to match her pace in more intimate physical activities.

The lights on the display showed that he was near the maximum recommended heart rate, but his erection refused to go away. Corbin had done everything he could think of to lessen his arousal. He had stopped looking at her, stopped thinking about her and pushed his body to its limits. Sweat covered his body and he was almost gasping for breath. He tapped the button on the machine to ratchet the resistance up to the next level, but his cock continued to take more than its fair share of his blood supply.

Krista's eyes were drawn to the one other bit of exposed flesh on his body, his lower legs. They were almost a blur as they whirled around and around, but they looked good. On each down stroke the calf muscle flared out, and then relaxed as his leg coasted through the upper arc of the pedaling motion. The baggy clothing would have to go, she decided. He would simply have to find another way to deal with the side effects of her presence in the gym.

The message flashed across the display "HEART RATE EXCEEDED -- ENTERING COOL DOWN" and he felt the resistance drop off dramatically. He flung his head back and slowed down his legs, taking some comfort in the fact that she would be the only one to see him walk to the dressing room with a hard on. He wondered if she would follow him again if the dressing room remained empty. When the numbers showed his heart rate had returned to normal he stood up. Even though the muscles he had pushed to the breaking point were not the ones he needed for walking his legs still felt a bit wobbly. He turned to see her still jogging on the treadmill, her T shirt was wet with sweat and plastered against what he imagined was the exposed skin on top of her breasts. He nodded politely as he walked by on the way to the dressing room and another cold shower.

What finally caused his erection to falter was the sound of the shower. Not his shower, but one of the other stalls. He heard it the minute he walked into the men's dressing room. He guessed it was either one of the guys that commuted in on a bike or an early morning runner. Either way it meant he probably wasn't going to get a visitor this time, much to his disappointment. Corbin peeled off his sweat soaked clothing, wondering how he was going to keep his cock under control when he saw her again. His cock jerked.

"Down boy," he mumbled to himself, then realized he was standing complete naked and had not even taken his towel out of the gym bag. Shaking his head he started to play catch up with his routine. Normally he put his soap and shampoo in the shower first, and then he would turn on the water, then hang his towel and finally get undressed. She had his entire world in a tailspin. After putting the towel on the hook by the shower, he dug the two bottles out of his bag and stepped into the stall. At least the water was warm this time.

As she loitered at the entrance to the men's dressing room Krista considered her options the sound of water running had greeted her when she approached the door, but just before she set foot inside she heard a second shower turn on. He wasn't alone this time, so she wouldn't be able to repeat what she had done last time. It would be easy enough to get herself off in the women's shower, but that wasn't what she wanted. A more daring plan popped into her head. She pulled her phone out of the sleeve that held it against her upper arm and began to tap on the screen. If she encountered anyone, she would just explain she had been distracted at taking a wrong turn. The two dressing rooms were mirror images of each other. Unlike a man wandering into the women's locker room she would not seem like a pervert or a threat, just an air headed bimbo that could not walk and text at the same time.

Secure in the privacy provided by the shower curtain Corbin let his mind wander again. His fantasy had not expanded past what had happened almost a week ago. He was still fixated on the image of her with one hand on her pussy and the other on her breast. He tried to imagine what she looked like naked. A variety of images cascaded through his head. He knew roughly what she looked like, but there were endless details to sort out. Did she shave her pussy, and how much? How big were her nipples? Were her breasts natural or did she have a boob job? As he fine tuned his mental image of her the temptation to stroke his cock began to grow.

Another complication had arisen. It appeared that her playmate was not taking a cold shower today, as clouds of steam billowed out of both shower stalls. Krista shook her head when she noticed that the two stalls in use were at the opposite ends of the room. What was it about men that made them want to be as far apart as possible when they were naked? She pondered her situation, wondering if she should choose curtain number one or curtain number five. She had seen the other men that used the gym, and had no desire to see most of them naked. She paced back and forth, looking at the blurry silhouettes behind the curtain, trying to decide which one to choose. Then she saw something and knew exactly what she was going to do.

Corbin was conflicted. He had never even pissed in the shower and he was thinking of jacking off in one. Again. He was so lost in his internal conflict that he did not noticed the shower curtain sway slightly. Suddenly something covered his eyes and he heard a familiar voice whisper in his ear.

"Guess who?"

Adrenaline surged through his body as his fight or flight instinct reacted to being startled. His brain shifted gears rapidly as his priority switched from self preservation to getting laid. He felt her body pressed against his, but stood motionless.

"Oh, you can't guess, you don't know my name," she giggled.

"I'm..." he started to say, but she clamped her hand over his mouth.

"Shh, we are not alone," she said, straining to stay on her tip toes. He was a bit taller than she was, so getting her mouth next to his ear was a struggle.

"I know," he whispered, his voice still muffled by her hand and barely audible over the shower.

"Did you take my advice on your diet?" she asked.

Corbin nodded in response. It had seemed silly, but each time a mouth-watering cheeseburger tempted him, he thought about her lips wrapped around his cock. The trick was only holding on to the thought long enough to order something healthy, but not so long as to give himself an erection.

"I guess I will find out if you are lying soon enough," she said, taking her hand off his mouth and guiding his hand to his cock.

"This would be more fun if I could see you, can I turn around?" he said.

"I decline to acquiesce to the terms of your request," she said, "which means no." Then she slipped her hand under his and wrapped her fingers around his cock.

"Oh, fuck," he moaned.

A stream of hot water cascaded down his chest and flowed over his throbbing erection, allowing her hand to slide easily along his rigid shaft. The only time she had actually seen his cock was when she surprised him in their previous encounter. The warm water seemed to have added something to its girth and she imagined what it would feel like stuffed into her pussy. Her loose grip allowed her to feel the contours of his veined shaft as her hand moved along its length. His grip tightened a bit, which in turn caused her hand to constrict around his cock.

"How about it, want to come for me again?" she purred.

He tried to come up with a clever reply, but the best he could do was," Fuck yes."

The fingers of her other hand danced across his abdomen, exploring the bulges and creases. She made a note to get him to start wearing a tight fitting shirt so she could appreciate his body outside the shower. Without thinking she began to thrust her hips against him.

Corbin let his hand drop to his side and cast his gaze downward. She certainly knew how to give a hand job he thought as he watched her fingers slide up and down his cock. Her other hand slid down his belly, over his hip and cupped his balls.

"Tell me", she whispered, "tell me when you are about to come." Her arm moved up and down at an ever increasing speed while the fingers of her other hand gently stroked his balls. She could feel the tension building as he tried to contain the increasing pressure.

It took a conscious effort to feel anything besides her hand sliding up and down his cock. Corbin tried to take stock of his situation. Her breasts were flattened against his back, sliding up and down at a languid pace while her hips pressed into his thighs. Everything she was doing was pushing him towards climax.

"I like the way your cock feels, I bet you jack off a lot," she said, taunting him.

Corbin hoped it was a rhetorical question, because he wasn't sure what answer she wanted to hear. The sensation of her thusting against him as she stroked his cock was more arousing that the thought it would be.

"How am I doing?" she asked.

"Fucking great."

"You sure you can't do a better job yourself?" she teased. The thing that bothered her most about porn was watching the men jack off right before they came. She wondered if the producers considered that more erotic, or if the actresses were not good enough at hand jobs to make the male talent come. If she were a porn star she would make every cock she got her hands on spurt.

"No."

The fact that he answered with a single word encouraged her. She continued to toy with his balls. The hot water had made the skin around them soft and pliable. She thought about getting on her knees and sucking them into her mouth. Ball sucking was an underappreciated skill in her opinion. It only worked when it was done correctly, and she had practiced it to perfection. Krista wondered if making him come by stroking his cock and sucking his balls would be considered a hand job or a blowjob. She moved her hand back to the soft patch of skin between his balls and his ass. She could feel his prostate tremor as he struggled to hold back his orgasm. Soon she would have to decide where she wanted him to come. She could continue on and let him come in her hands, or she could get in front of him and let the hot, thick fluid coat her face or tits. It was tempting to wrap her breasts around his cock and let him tit fuck her, but she decided to remain behind him and let him give her a facial some other time.

The question remained on his mind for a very brief amount of time. He might have come a bit faster if it was his hand on his cock instead of her, but having her stroking his rigid shaft was certainly a much more intense experience. The question faded away as he continued to focus on feeling her. Corbin had complete forgotten that they were not alone in the dressing room. His undivided attention was on what her hands were doing. As his climax built towards a crescendo his knees began to feel weak. It was like all the energy in his body was flowing towards his cock and the orgasm about to explode. He put his hands on the wall of the shower to keep from falling over. Her hand continued to slide up and down his throbbing erection. Her grip was loose enough to that her hand moved easily, but tight enough that he could feel it.

"You like this?" she asked.

"Uh-huh."

"You like the way my hand feels on your cock?"

"Yes," he groaned through clenched teeth, thinking is she was this good at hand jobs then actually fucking her had to be amazing.

"Do you think of me when you jack off?" she asked. She was genuinely curious, but did not expect an honest answer.

"Y...y...yea," he stammered.

"What do you think about doing to me? Are you shoving this down my throat?" she asked, squeezing his cock tightly to make her point. "Or do you think about what it feels like to be inside my pussy?"

To say the experience was overwhelming was an understatement. It felt like his balls were going to explode. He was just about to give up the fight to hold back his orgasm, but when she started talking dirty he decided to resist just a bit longer to hear what else she would say.

"That's what I think about with I play with myself. I think about what it would feel like to have your big hard dick inside me. I like rough, as hard and as deep as possible," she said. When the time was right he would find out what she meant. Maybe she would pin him down and ride his cock until she came, or maybe she would have him bend her over and ram his cock into from behind.

"Or maybe you are one of those perverts that want to put your cock in my tight ass. Is that what you want to do? Do you want to fuck me in the ass?" she demanded, pressing her hips against him to make her point.

"Oh ahh, ahh," he moaned, no longer capable of forming words.

"I guess I will just have to wait and see, but first I want you to come for me. I want to see your hot cum shoot out of your big hard cock," she purred. It was fun to taunt him. 

"Oh, oh, oh," he moaned, "I'm going to come."

It was time for the piece de resistance. The fingers of her left hand moved back, stroking the soft, smooth skin between his balls and his ass. She wrapped her other hand around the engorged head of his cock, twisting as if she was trying to unscrew a bottle top.

"Oh, fuck," Corbin moaned through gritted teeth as his cock spasmed and sprayed a steady stream of thick cum into her hand. She pushed him forward, out of the showers spray, lest it wash away the hot and sticky results of her labor. She continued to play with his dick until she felt him involuntarily pull away.

"You can turn around now," she said.

"You're.... you're gorgeous," said as he gazed at her in all her naked splendor. Her dark hair was plastered against her face. Her cheeks were flushed red from the oppressive heat of the shower. He watched the water spray over his shoulder and splash against her body. His eyes followed the rivulets as the flowed down her body. She had medium sized breasts, but what stopped his eyes were her nipples. At the center of each of her dark amber areola was a small dimple. It was impossible not to stare, he could not persuade his eyes to move on.

"They're called inverted nipples, you actually have to work to see them... and no, making the water cold won't help," she explained.

She basked in his lustful stare, flattered by the attention he was giving her. Since his climax was complete she had nothing left to offer him, but he continued to give her his undivided attention.

Shaking his head in disbelief he continued his assessment of her figure. Her body tapered at the waist and then flared out at her hips. Her pussy was completely bald, something he had only seen in porn files. 

"Look up; I think you are going to want to see this, "she said.

Corbin raised his eyes just in time to see her slip one of her cum covered fingers into her mouth. A second followed, then and third and a fourth. Finally she stood in front of with her lips wrapped around her thumb. When she had cleaned off all of her digits she wiped the palm of her hand on her naked breast, "Just in case you are the kind of guy that gets off by coming on my tits." His cock jerked, but remained mostly flaccid.

His hand moved towards her sex, then stopped.

"It's okay, you can touch me," she said.

Then it happened. The sound of the other shower stopped. Both of them froze, wondering what sounds could be heard over the remained shower. They heard the other shower curtain open and then the unmistakable sound of flatulence. Krista's face expressed her disgust, but Corbin broke into a broad grin.

"Did he just" she asked.

"Oh yea he did." 

"Oh... my..."

"What did you think went on in a men's locker room?"

"I don't know, do I look like the kind of woman that spends a lot of time in men's locker rooms?"

"I'm not sure how to answer that," he replied, still grinning.

"What do guys always think farting is funny?" Krista hissed.

"Because it's fucking hilarious, let's just hope he doesn't start crop dusting," Corbin replied, trying to laugh.

"Crop dusting?"

"You know, walking around to cover the entire area."

"Ugggh, I don't want him doing that," she replied. Carolyn had been concocting a wicked fantasy about the other man joining them, but her dreams of being ravished by two naked men had been ruined. In need of a distraction from what was happening outside the shower, she turned her attention to her companion. The water from the shower had matted down the hair on his chest. Reaching behind him, she turned down the hot water and giggled at the expression on his face when the cold water hit him. She placed one hand on his chest, twirling the curly locks of coarse hair in her fingers. Bracing herself, she leaned forward and pressed her lips against his chest directly over one of his nipples.
