 It was a swelteringly hot summer day when I first met Todd. We were both lifeguards at a local pool, and it was my first day on the job. My family and I had just moved to the small-ish town from the big city, and I was having a little trouble adjusting to the peaceful pace. My mom had suggested that I lifeguard, as that's what I did back home to pass the time. After days of her pressuring me, I finally decided to do it. And I'm so glad that I did. 

On that momentous first day, I was nervous. I hadn't met many of the people around town, even less around my age. I had just turned 18 the week before we moved. I had graduated high school, but I really didn't feel like going to college yet. I had no idea what I wanted to do with my life, so why would I waste a whole bunch of money? My parents were understanding, but they wanted me to find something to fill the void. 

I pulled up into the parking lot at the pool, my eyes taking it all in. The building was very well kept, with painted brick and blooming flowers, and somehow that calmed me. I figured that anyone that realised that appearances were just as important as how it was run were good people to work for and with. I got out and slung my bag over my shoulder, using the remote to lock the doors as I walked towards the entrance. Upon walking in, I was taken aback by the soothing appearance of the front room and the beaming receptionist. 

"Can I help you?" she asked, her voice lifting only slightly to reach me across the room. I smiled back, tentatively, and walked closer. 

"I'm Gwen, I'm supposed to be starting today?" I posed it as a question, just in case I somehow managed to go to the wrong pool in a one-pool-town. She nodded enthusiastically and stood from her desk, revealing a short and brightly coloured sundress, showing off toned legs and a golden tan. 

"Well hello there! I'm Angie, I'm the one who you spoke with before. I kind of run the show around here," she said, smiling at her own humour. I smiled as well as she seemed to be a person that I would get along with. She shook my hand, put her arm around my shoulders, and steered me towards the back office. 

Motioning for me to sit in the chair opposite a beautiful desk, she reached onto the shelf for a folder. 

"Now, I do need you to fill out some of this paperwork before we get you started. It's mostly payroll, a summary of your qualifications, and your emergency contact information. You did bring a copy of your lifeguarding certificate, right?" 

I nodded and reached for the paperwork and the pen she slid along with it, quickly scrawling in the information. When it came to put in my parents' phone number, I paused. We'd only been here three weeks and I still hadn't had to use it. Angie smiled as she saw me hesitate and waved her hand. 

"Never you mind about remembering it right now, dear. I'll just call the municipal office and get it from them," she said, taking the papers from me and efficiently re-filing them. Standing, she rubbed her hands together. 

"Now let's get you started! I'll take you to the change room for the lifeguards, show you where your locker is and give you a bit of a tour. After that, I'll leave you in Todd's capable hands to give you the lay of the land," 

She led me into a brightly lit room, complete with vending machines and tables and a small change room. Sitting on one of the couches was the most attractive man I had ever seen. I say man because he looked a bit older than I, and there's no way that I could classify that body as a boy's. Rippling muscles and glistening skin, I felt my skin flush and my nether regions begin to tingle. Instant attraction was rare for me. 

"Todd, this is Gwen. She'll be your partner, so I expect you to properly show her the ropes," Angie said, with what I suspected was a deeper meaning. Todd nodded slightly to her before turning to me and flashing what I can actually say is a heart-stopping grin. I tentatively smiled back, thrusting my breasts out a little bit and standing a little straighter. 

"Hello, Gwen. I'm Todd," his voice was a silky baritone, smooth and potent. He lifted himself from the couch and walked to me, shaking my hand when I couldn't lift it myself. He smiled, his green eyes twinkling alongside his dimples. I felt like I was going to faint. 

Wrapping his arm around my shoulders much like Angie did, he led me to the change room and pointed out which was to be my locker. 

"Now, it's a co-ed change room. And we tend to be comfortable enough around each other that we don't lock the door, but if you feel the need to for the first little bit go ahead. Get yourself changed into your suit, and I'll grab you some shorts and a shirt and then we'll head outside," he said, patting my ass as he pushed me into the room. The heat of his hand on my ass played havoc on my nerves, and I smiled quickly before shutting the door and turning the lock. The ache I was feeling inside demanded immediate attention if I was going to be able to work all day. 

Undressing quickly, I placed one leg on the bench in the room and stroked my lower lips softly, sliding one finger along my slit and nearly moaning at the wetness already there. Working fast, I slid that finger up to my clit and began to massage it. The heat balled up in my stomach only seconds later and I rode out the hardest orgasm I'd had in a very long time in a short minute burst. Sighing with relief, I quickly wiped myself down with the towel I had brought from home and changed into my suit. Not knowing the dress code, I had decided to play it safe with one of the sportier bikinis that I own, low-slung bottoms and a top that could actually contain my bountiful breasts. As a solid C-cup, I'd always had issues keeping them in check. Shoving my things into the designated locker, I took a deep breath and threw the door open. Todd was sitting on the couch again, but I noticed he was breathing harder and his trunks were beginning to tent. Embarrassed, I realised that he heard me in there. I held my breath, unsure if I should mention it and apologise or just leave it. 

"So, here's your uniform," Todd said, subtly adjusting himself as he stood and handed me the shorts and shirt that he was wearing. "However, feel free to just wear the top. Most of the other women around here do that. And with your legs, I would certainly forget all about those shorts,"

I blushed, not used to being flirted with. Todd stroked a finger down my arm before stepping back a little. I began to ache again. 

" T-thank you," I stammered, slipping the shirt on over my bikini. Todd leaned in again, his mouth right beside my ear. 

"Some women go topless under the shirts as well, if that's something you would consider," he whispered. He lingered a bit before stepping back once more, and flashing that swoon-worthy grin my way. "Now how 'bout we show you the pool?"

The next couple hours flew by with Todd explaining their way of doing things, much like any other pool I've worked at. The only thing that struck me as a little different was that from the evening hours of nine to midnight, the pool was for adults only and the lifeguards were not required to stay. When I asked about this, Todd just smiled knowingly and said that I'd see why if I decided to stick around tonight. 

With the sun beating down and the distinct lack of wind, I was one sweaty mess by the time my lunch break came around. I hopped off my chair and told Todd that I was going for lunch, and he suggested that I take a shower. 

"It'll help for the rest of the afternoon," he said. I couldn't tell where or what he was looking at with his sunglasses on, but I felt my nipples tighten as if they were under his gaze. God, I had never felt like this before in my life. 

I went to the staff room, plopping down on the couch and eating the lunch my mother had packed for me. I still had another 10 minutes after I was done, so I decided to take Todd's advice and hop into the shower. Not wanting to get my suit wet, I stripped down completely and closed the curtain, forgetting to turn the lock on the door. The cool water was helping immensely, so I closed my eyes and just enjoyed it. I thought I heard the door open, but with only Todd and Angie knowing where I could possibly be, I didn't think anything of it. 

The clang of the curtain opening snapped my eyes open and I stared in shock as Todd entered the shower with me. 

"I- but- you can't," I stammered, covering my breasts with my hands and backing up against the wall. Todd's gaze was nothing if not wolfish as he closed the curtain and leaned under the spray. 

"Angie wanted to get some sun so I told her I was going to grab a shower and take my lunch. Besides, you're back out there in 5 minutes anyway," he said, placing his hands on each side of my shoulders, the spray dripping down his back. My breath caught and I stared up at him, unwilling to look down to see if he was as turned on by this as I was. I didn't need to look, however, as I felt him against my leg growing harder by the second. 

"Todd, I-" I started to say, but his lips cut me off. And oh, what a kiss. It started off gentle, almost tentative, and I was the one who kicked it up a notch. I wound one arm around his neck and the other around his back, pulling him closer to me as I crushed my chest against his. His tongue danced against mine as he pushed his pelvis into me and I knees almost buckled at the feeling of his hard cock pressed against my groin. His hands moved from the wall to cup my ass and he pulled me closer, inserting one of his legs in between mine and sliding me up his thigh. His lips moved from my lips to my neck and I ground myself against him. I closed my eyes and tipped my head back, moaning softly at the feelings he was evoking in me. 

His hands moved from my ass up my back and just as he was going to cup my breasts, the loud buzzer rang, signaling that I was to go back to work. My eyes fluttered open as he gently slid me off his leg and distanced himself. 

"We'll finish that later, if you feel like sticking around," he said, winking as he moved back under the spray and closed the curtain behind me. I took a deep breath and reached for my suit, my arms trembling a bit. 

"Oh, and Gwen?" Todd called as I was about to put on my top again. "Leave the top off. I want to see those beautiful breasts bouncing all day," 

I felt naughty leaving it off, but the idea of walking around without anything on under the tight lifeguard shirt made me feel sexy. So I did it. 

The rest of the day was tough, with all the pent up sexual tension between Todd and I. I was having a hard time keeping my focus on the pool. As it was such a hot day, it was filled with kids and teenagers; parents and grandparents. Luckily, they were either all good swimmers or knew how to pace themselves. I wasn't needed at all that first day. The sun began to set and the amount of people in the pool started to wane. I slipped my sunglasses onto the top of my head, Todd following suit, and his gaze immediately went to my unfettered breasts. I pushed them out a little further and winked at him. 

"Is that what you've been doing all day?" I teased, surprised when Todd nodded slightly. The wetness in between my thighs that had been collecting all day pooled in a rush and I felt light headed. This was actually going to happen, and soon. 

Todd glanced at the clock on the wall and grinned at me, hopping down from his chair and announcing that the pool would be closing in 15 minutes. Sure enough, it was almost nine o'clock. I knew that my parents would be curious if I didn't come home right away, but I was even more curious about what happened during adults-only swim time. I may have been from the big city, but I was pretty naive. 

"I need to call my parents and tell them that I'm going to be home later," I said, climbing down from my chair. Todd nodded as he began to clean up around the pool, collecting the flotation devices and toys. I walked into the front office, looking for Angie so I could get my home phone number. I didn't see her sitting at the reception desk, and snuck around to see if she was in the office behind it. I heard muffled voices in there, and I knocked cautiously before I opened the door. 

"Angie I- oh God, I'm so sorry." I stammered as I backed away. Angie's legs were spread wide, her dress hung over the chair behind her, and another person was knelt down, their head covering her most delicate parts. Angie's eyes opened and she winked at me. 

"Never you mind, dear. What can I do for you?" she asked, motioning for the person between her legs to keep doing whatever it was they were doing. I felt faint. 

"I just need to call my parents to tell them that I'm going to stick around for a bit," I said softly, averting my eyes from whatever it was that was happening in front of me. Angie chuckled at my apparent discomfort.

"Don't worry, Gwen. I already phoned them and let them know that you still had some training to do this evening," she said, sighing with pleasure. 

"Oh, thank you," I muttered. "I'm ... going to leave now," I quickly stepped out of the office and closed the door. My heart was racing, and I was astonished to find myself turned on. Not only by the fact that Angie was really doing that in her office, but also because I had no idea if it was a man or a woman administering it to her. My cunt pulsed, aching for release. 

I walked to the staff room, checking the hallways for any stragglers as it was now past public swimming hours. No kids were to be seen, but adults were filing in. There were a variety of people, ranging from my 18 years to my parents age, and they all seemed to be excited. I had no idea what I was going to be witnessing. 

Todd was, yet again, seated on the couch in the staff room and his face lit up when I walked in. He popped off the couch and stood in front of me, his eyes on fire. 

"Quick, we don't have much time before everything starts," he said, pulling me against him and capturing my lips once more. I wanted to act surprised by this, but my body needed release too much to stop him. 

"Todd, what..." I managed to get out before Todd pulled my shirt off and grabbed handfuls of my breasts. I moaned, my back arching. His thumbs stroked my nipples and I thought I was going to go up in flames. He moved one hand into the bikini bottoms that I still wore and stroked my lips. My legs shook and I had to clasp his shoulders so I wouldn't collapse. He slid a finger up my slit, gathering moisture before stroking my clit. I began to shake, moaning again as my hips ground against his hand. Todd's breath was coming faster and he took possession of my lips again. Moments before I knew I was going to cum, he removed his hand and pulled my bottoms down. 

"Goddammit, Gwen, I need you," he said, reaching for his trunks. My nerves were on fire, and I was only seconds away from a very powerful orgasm. I couldn't help him at all even if I tried. This time, I made sure to look at his hardness and I gasped. He was so thick and hard, I wasn't sure if I'd be able to take him. Catching my gaze, he grinned. 

"Yeah, I know," he teased. He spun me around and had me lean over the couch, my sensitive breasts touching the fabric on the arms. 

"Christ, Todd. I need you NOW," I bit out, my cunt throbbing and clenching at air. I heard Todd's short laugh and felt the head of his cock at the entrance. I tried to move myself backwards to impale myself, but Todd held me down. 

"Let me do this, Gwen. Just let me," he said softly, poking the head in and out slowly. My entire body was screaming and I was sweating. Just when I thought I was going to go crazy, he thrust all the way in, his smooth cock gliding in with the amount of wetness that had built up.

"F-fuck," I heard him say shortly before he slapped my ass and grabbed my hips. He began thrusting in earnest, skin slapping against skin. That warm ball built again in my stomach, and I felt the tell-tale tremors building. 

"Oh God," I moaned, pushing myself back against him. Almost immediately, he moved one of his hands to stroke at my clit. He flicked it a couple times before grinding his finger against it firmly, all the while thrusting harder and harder with each stroke. After what seemed like an eternity, I shattered. I came harder than I ever had before, even harder than earlier that day. My body shook all over and I'm pretty sure I screamed with release. Todd rode it out admirably, before abruptly pulling out, flipping me over and cumming all over my chest. We both remained still as our breathing returned to normal, never breaking eye contact once. 

"Well that was... unexpected," Todd said, handing me a towel to clean myself up. I wiped his cum off of my chest, surprised that I wanted to taste it. Maybe next time. 

"Is this how you initiate all the new staff?" I teased, walking naked towards the staff shower and motioning for him to follow me. Todd chuckled and followed, flicking off the main lights. 

"How are we going to find our clothes if we turn the lights off now," I asked. Todd just grinned.

"We don't need clothes," he said, and pointed to the small window that looked out into the pool. 

Curious, I walked over and looked. The towel I held fell to the floor and I felt a surge of arousal run through my body again. 

The entire pool had turned into some beautiful, sensual, sexual naked swim-time. And I was invited.