 I got the idea for this from an article in Playboy (yes, I read the articles). As always thanks to my editor Cheer_Smartie526. Please rate and comment on the story.

*****

It seemed like an odd place to meet for a date Krista thought as she continued to walk towards the office gym. As she approached the door, she saw him coming from the other end of the hall. If nothing else he was punctual. He was wearing jeans and an untucked button down shirt. A pair of hiking boots completed his outfit, she wondered if it took him more than five minutes to decide on his wardrobe. It complied with her request, and he certainly looked good wearing it. 

"Hello," she said when they had reached conversational distance.

"Good evening, you look nice," he replied. It was a sincere compliment. He like the way her skirt hung just above her knees and her blouse provided a glimpse of cleavage, but not enough to make her look slutty. Her heels had just enough height to make her ass look good, but they still allowed her to walk normally.

"Do you mind if I drive?" she asked.

"Not at all," he said. It was probably best, her outfit was not ideal for riding on the back of his motorcycle.

"Follow me," she said, turning on her heel and walking towards the parking garage.

"Where are we going?" he inquired.

"It's a seminar on meditation," she replied, watching his reaction.

"Like yoga?" he asked.

The expression on his face was one of interest, which encouraged her. She half expected to see him roll his eyes at the prospect of sitting in a room with a bunch of aging hippies.

"You do yoga?"

"Sometimes, it still kicks my ass," he admitted.

"This is quite different than yoga. Have you heard of the OM movement?"

Despite his best effort he grinned at her comment. It sounded like something you did if you needed more fiber in your diet. After taking a moment to stifle the laugh in his belly he replied, 

"No."

"It is based off some Buddhist meditations," she said.

"What does the OM stand for?"

"Orgasmic Meditation," she replied casually.

It certainly explained a few things, Corbin thought. His mind still struggled to process what she had said. He wondered if it was anything like what they had done in the gym's shower a few days earlier.

"It's mostly about me," she said, "You are just another pair of hands."

"What exactly is it like?"

"I don't want to spoil the surprise, but it's basically a room full of couples having an orgasm."

The first thing Corbin thought of was his trips to nude beaches. Unlike what he had seen in movies it was mostly populated by people he had no desire to see naked, he imagined the same crowd would be in attendance at the seminar.

The site of the seminar was a five star hotel not far from the office. The location made Corbin wonder what the price tag was to get in the door. As Krista drove through the parking garage he noted that she passed up a lot of empty spots before pulling into corner slot on the almost empty top floor.

"Worried about door dings?" he chided as he exited the car.

"I have my reasons," she replied with a sly grin, then turned and walked toward the door marked STAIRS. She opened the door and waved him through, "It will be good to have your heart rate up a bit when we get there."

The temptation to pin him against the wall, unzip his pants and ride his cock was almost overwhelming. Krista wondered if there was a rule against having cum dripping out of her pussy during the exercise. It wasn't the first time she had attended the seminar, but there was something different about this time. She wasn't attending to be empowered or relaxed. She was attending to get off, more specifically to have her new friend get her off for a very long time. She gripped his hand and pulled him along as they exited the garage and headed for the lobby. She led him to the registration table.

"Hi, we need to check in. It should be under Krista K and guest," she said to the young woman seated in front of them.

"And guest?" Corbin inquired.

"I made these reservations a month ago, before I knew your name. What did you want me to put, 'guy with nice ass'?" she countered.

The woman at the table unsuccessfully tried to muffle her laugh.

"Don't you think I'm right?" Krista asked, turning Corbin so the woman could see his backside.

"He does have a cute butt," she replied, handing her a purple and green bracelet.

Krista took the wristbands from her and slipped the green one on, then handed the purple one to Corbin.

"What's this for?" he asked.

"It gets you in the door, and it tells everyone that this is your first time at the seminar."

Having Krista objectify him felt a bit strange. Rationally he knew women talked about the way he looked, but she was quite brazen about it. It was flattering, but at the same time a bit odd. He began to scan the people streaming towards the hotel ballroom where the event was being held. 

He was pleasantly surprised to find they were not all the aging hippies he thought would be in attendance. That group was represented, but there were others. One woman in particular 

caught his eye; he was certain she was the stripper that provided several table dances at a friend's bachelor party. He wondered if men hired women to come to this event.

"So you have done this before?" he asked.

"A few times," she replied.

"You just grab some random guy?" 

"No, it's usually someone I know. This is a bit of an experiment."

"So a boyfriend...," he trailed off, hoping she'd continue.

"Once, and once with a gay friend who was curious about what it was like to give a woman an orgasm. That was interesting."

"Did he switch teams?" Corbin asked.

"No. It would have been flattering if he had, but his true love was not a woman."

"Have you ever done this with a woman?"

"Not yet."

Corbin looked around as they entered the ballroom Laid out on the floor at regular intervals were a small pile of blankets and pillows, each with a number on it.

"We have nest 168, it should be towards the back," she said, as he continued to look around. Some of the couples were already seated, and a few of the woman were naked from the waist down. Some covered themselves with a blanket and some did not. "Now, you go get in line."

"What?" he asked.

"Go stand in that line, you need to wash your hands and put one a pair of gloves before you touch me," she said, point to a long line in front of the stage.

"Hooray, hand condoms," he said sarcastically.

Corbin took his place in the queue, comparing how many of the wristbands were green and how many were purple.

"First time, eh?" said the man behind him.

"Yea," Corbin answered awkwardly. Having someone speak to him was like having a conversation while standing at a urinal, it just wasn't done. His companion clearly had other ideas, much like the guy that talked on his Bluetooth headset while taking a piss.

"You're going to feel a lot closer to your partner after this. It's our second time. It's just amazing."

"I'm sure it is," Corbin replied, still scanning the room and watching the couples settle into their nests. He noticed that a few of the couples were women. He wondered how they decided which one would be on the receiving end of the experience.

The line moved quickly and soon he was drying his hands and picking up a pair of what looked like exam gloves. He was slightly disappointed he would not get to feel Krista's smooth, wet flesh. He acknowledged that it was probably a needed precaution in such a large group. As he made his way back to Krista he noticed the woman that he thought was a stripper. She smiled at him when she caught him looking in her direction. Corbin suspicions were confirmed after he noticed a distinctive tattoo on her hip. The last time he had seen it there had been a few twenty dollar bills next to it, tucked into a G string that was not conspicuously absent. It took him a few seconds to stop looking at her pussy. She was completely shaved and he could see her inner lips peeking out from between her outer labia. The man with her was probably in his mid thirties. Corbin wondered if she was with her sugar daddy, or if they were a couple. He wondered what it would be like to date someone that spent most nights nearly naked in front of strangers. His mind turned to his own situation, as if being with a stripper was any stranger thnt jacking off in front of a woman before he even knew her name.

Watching Corbin meander through the crowd was entertaining. He was a bit like a kid in a candy store; he had probably never seen this much naked pussy in his life. Krista stripped from the waist down and folded her clothes neatly before taking a seat. When he finally made it to their nest she patted on the floor where she wanted him to sit.

"Pretty amazing, isn't it. Wait until they all start to come. The room has a wonderful energy when it happens."

"Do they come out and read our auras?" he replied, sounding a bit skeptical.

"No. I think you will be surprised how this turns out."

"Okay, I will try to keep an open mind," he replied.

"Good. You do need to listen. You might think you know how to do this, but might learn something. How well do you know female anatomy?"

"I think you know the answer to that," he replied with a grin.

"They are going to give your very specific direction using anatomical terms."

"Okay,"

Krista spread her legs and pointed at her pussy, running her finger over the smooth skin, "These are my outer labia."

She pulled her fingers back" This is my mons, and I like to be touched here."

Corbin felt his cock begin to swell as she peeled back her outer lips.

"And these are my inner labia. They are a bit more sensitive."

He could see that she was already wet, and he felt a bit relieved that he was not alone in being aroused.

"And past them is my vagina," she said as she pushed two fingers in. Regretfully there was not much penetration in the OM exercise, but she could not resist teasing him a bit.

This was not the first time he had seen her finger fuck herself, but it was a much closer view than the time he had watched her masturbate in the men's dressing room at the office gym.

Krista's fingers emerged and she moved them to the top of her sex, "This is my clitoral hood."

Even though he knew what she was about to say, actually hearing it made his dick even harder. 

She pulled back on the soft, pink flesh, "And this is my clitoris. I'm pretty sensitive, so take it easy on me. But I guess you already know that."

Corbin grinned, fondly remembering the way she reacted when he was lashing her clit with his tongue. 

"And this is my perineum, but we aren't really going to get down that far this time."

He frowned when she stopped short of her ass.

"Can you remember all that?" she asked.

"I don't know, we may have to go over it again later."

"Just don't forget it in the next fifteen minutes, got it? I think once you get started you will do okay" she teased.

It took a few seconds for him to stop staring at her vulva, "Yea, got it."

"Okay, it looks like they are about to start."

Corbin watched as two women walked on to the stage. One of them stripped off her yoga pants and panties, and then climbed onto a table. The other woman was wearing a mike and began speaking, welcoming everyone to the event. She sounded like he expected her to, spouting a mix of new age philosophy and various self improvement catch phrases. Corbin wasn't paying much attention to the stage, instead he was glancing around the room at all the half naked women.

"You need to listen to this part, she's telling you where to sit," Krista said.

Corbin tuned the speaker back in and followed her instructions, tangling his limbs with Krista's in a pose that could be in the Kama Sutra. The couples around them were all getting into position. Some seemed to have a more difficult time than others did. The entire room began to smell like sex despite the ventilation system's best effort to supply fresh air. Corbin wondered if the other people in the hotel knew about the massive amount of finger fucking that was about to occur.

He placed his hand on the inside of Krista's thigh, as directed by the speaker. The woman on stage was speaking, and several large screens had a close of up the other woman's pussy splashed across them. He moved his hand closer to Krista's pussy.

"Slow down, you are still doing the grounding stroke," she said.

Corbin took a deep breath. This was going to be a lot more challenging that he thought. He wanted to put one hand on Krista's throat and pin her to the floor while he rammed his other hand against her sex, but he looked up at the screen and mimicked what he saw.

He listened well, Krista thought as she felt his fingers move closer to her sex. She could see he was holding back. There was a wild spark in his eyes, but he continued at the measured pace set by the session leader. He was the reason they were here. Krista had been to enough of the seminars that she could have talked him through it in the back seat of her car, but she wanted to see how he reacted. He still looked around, but the sea of naked pussy around him was not distracting him from his task. She could sense the lust boiling inside him, but he remained well behaved. She wondered what he would be like if he was off his leash. His finger brushed against her labia and she felt the first tingle of her climax. She knew that despite the claims of the OM leader she wasn't really going to have a real orgasm for fifteen minutes. She was going to be very, very close for fourteen minutes, and come for about one. For most people it all blurred together, but she knew the difference.

The moaning had started. Corbin tried to shut out the chorus of sighs, whimpering and other noises and just listen for Krista's response. He looked up, the huge vulva on the screen was completely bald, not even a hint of stubble. He wondered if the woman was naturally hairless, or if her pubic hair had been removed with wax or a laser. It certainly made it easy to see what the other woman was doing. He looked down at Krista's pussy and wondered if he was going be ramming his cock into it later.

Corbin's hand was fully engaged, this was Krista's favorite part of the exercise. After almost twelve minutes of being teased she was finally getting close to having an orgasm. This was quite different from sex or even masturbating. She was completely relaxed and could focus all her attention on the way Corbin's hand felt between her legs. Despite the fact she enjoyed seeing his hand on her sex she closed her eyes and thought only of the warm tingling in her core. Part of her wanted him to defy the leader and plunge his fingers into her vagina, but there would be plenty of time for that later.

It was impossible to shut out the noise around him. He heard every kind of vocalization he could imagine as the women around him started to climax. Some screamed, some moaned, and some whimpered. The stripper made a noise that reminded him of a horse whinny. The low, breathy moan escaping from Krista's mouth was very erotic, but the lesbian in front of them made some pretty impressive sounds as well. The cries of the woman on stage were broadcast though the sound system.

"Oh, yes, yes, make me come," Krista moaned, a gentle reminder in case he wasn't paying attention to what the group leader was saying. She felt the pressure from his hand increase and the tingling sensation began to spread.

Because he was still clothed and knew this was not foreplay Corbin paid a bit more attention to what was happening between Krista's legs. Her hips began to buck. His fingers glided over her soft, wet flesh. Almost every other time he had fingered a woman to orgasm there had been some kind of distraction; kissing, a hand job, his mouth on her breasts. This time his full attention was on her sex. She was so wet, and so hot. He could feel the muscles in her pussy contract as her climax started. He glanced up at her face, but she did not make eye contact. Her chin was tucked down and she was watching his hand.

This was the best session yet. She wasn't sure if Corbin was especially talented, or if she had learned from her previous experiences, but this was the most powerful orgasm she had experienced at an OM gathering. She closed her eyes and thought of nothing but the way Corbin's hand felt against her sex. The waves of pleasure continued to become more intense. The muscles from her abs to her thighs tensed as if to hold something back until she felt a release and she fell back into the nest of pillows behind her.

The color of her labia turned a shade darker as her hips began to buck wildly. Corbin could not believe how wet she was; the blanket she was lying on was drenched. A low moaned flowed out of his lips. He glanced up at the screen and mimicked the actions he saw. Krista's upper body fell back and her pussy erupted with a clear, hot fluid. It formed a puddle on the blanket. He wanted to bury his face between her legs and see if he could extend her climax, but restrained himself. She had made it clear this was not an orgy; it was a very specialized method of meditation. The words from the PA system began to sink in. They were saying to slow down and return to the grounding stroke that the exercise had started with.

When she heard the announcement for the partners to remove their gloves Krista knew it was over. She heard him pull the gloves off, and then felt his finger slide inside her for an instant. She glared at him and mouthed 'Stop', but he only grinned at her mischievously and wiggled his finger. She grabbed his wrist and pulled it away from her sex.

"That's frowned on here, they don't want this to turn into a full on sex party," she said. It had taken every bit of her willpower to resist him. If he had pushed back she would have been unable to stop him from making her come again. She picked up a towel from the stack next to them 

and patted herself dry.

"Wow," Corbin said as he watched her clean up.

"I agree, my orgasms are not always like that."

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"There's not so much, uh, wet," she said.

"So I did well?" he asked, his face beaming.

"Yea, you did great," she replied, picking up her skirt.

As he watched her get dressed, Corbin realized she didn't have any underwear.

"You aren't wearing panties?" he asked.

"Why bother for something like this?"

"I guess you have a point."

"Ready to go?" she asked.

"That's it, there's nothing else?"

"They will walk around and get testimonials about how amazing this is, and they have a shop where you can buy books and stuff. Nothing you'd be interested in." She said.

"So now what?"

"We go home," she said as she got dressed.

"That's it?" he said, trying not to sound disappointed.

"You got to finger fuck me on our first date, are you complaining?" she teased.

"No, well, maybe a little.."

She let out a giggle as she stood up, " I bet you do have a case of blue balls. I think you will make it [M1] home before something explodes."

"Yea, just wondering if there is something like this for men," he pondered aloud, following her out of the room. Several other couples were getting in, including the stripper.

"You keep looking at her, is that an old girlfriend?" she asked.

"No, I'm pretty sure she is the stripper from a friends bachelor party," he answered.

"Was she any good?"

"She was very good, I really enjoyed her, uh, chorograhagraphy"

"And she has great tits," Krista added.

"Yea, great tits..." he repeated.

They exited the room and started to walk towards the parking garage. For the most part his erection had faded, but the bulge in his pants still seemed quite noticeable. The hallway was empty except for the two of them which was both a blessing and a curse. He was glad there was nobody around, but at the same time the isolated setting let his mind wander, and he found himself thinking about pushing Krista into a dark corner and fucking her dripping wet pussy until she came again. His fantasy was cut short when the door opened and the outside sounds flooded into his ears.
