 Finally home, today had been a long day. I wasn't use to working from 5:00AM to 6:00PM all the time. The Navy was of course a great job but somedays I felt like I was out of my element. Today was one of those days and I just wanted to get home. 

When I did I was kind of surprise to see Danielle home. She usually worked out right after work but I was home later than usual, maybe she just hit the gym just for a quick run. I walked into the kitchen and there she was, washing an apple. She looked stunning, I loved when she wore her workout gear. She was wearing her tight Nike yoga pants that of course showed off her toned legs and nice round ass. I leaned against the door frame and admired the view, cocking my head to the side to get a better view. She must have heard me enter the kitchen she took a quick glance behind her and smiled.

"Well hey there stud, how was work?" I also noticed she was just wearing a sports bra, which never happens. That got me a bit excited, her tits looked amazing and she was showing off her flat stomach, wow was I getting hard.

"Agh. Long day, but very, very glad to be home. And to catch you right after the gym I see." I hoped the gym made her as horny as she was making me.

"Oh, I didn't go to the gym today."

"Really, why not? You definitely look ready for a workout. Might I add beautiful too."

"Well thank you babe, but I didn't go because you brought the gym to me."

"haha what?" Without losing a step she had turned and strode right up in front of me. She jumped up and wrapped her slender legs around my waste and hoisted herself up to my eye level. She placed her arms on my shoulders letting them hang behind my head and gave me this sexy little smile and came in fast to kiss me. She started kissing me hard and I of course kissed back. Our tongues began dueling in our mouths back and forth as I held her up using my hands to grab onto her waste. 

"Bed room. Now," she panted.

"mhmm," I said without breaking the kiss. We kept walking backwards into the bedroom passionately kissing. I made it to the bed and sat down. She kept continually pressing herself harder against me almost forcing herself down on me till I couldn't move. But the she abruptly got up. 

"Wha..." I started to stay but then she put a finger to her lips.

"Shhh babe, I want you begging for me." Got she was good, I was so ready to go, as I always am. She of course knows that, if she ever called me at lunch to come home I was in the car and driving off base before she even said goodbye. The adrenaline was coursing through me wanting to jump up and grab her but I knew I would like what she was planning, why should I end it now instead of enjoy it?

She stood back by the mirror and began to sway her hips back and forth. She would lean down and let me get a better view down her sports bra, running her hands down over her stomach right to her yoga pants covered pussy. She bite her lip showing a shy smile and turned to the mirror. She ran her hands back over her hips back up that her sports bra. She took hold of each edge and began to lift it over her head. Slowly but surely the bra began to move up, she was taking her time. I couldn't stop myself now and started openly touching myself through my uniform, I needed it to come out. 

"Oh no you don't, right now you are watching mister. Got it?" She was very stern about it and stopped taking off her bra. 

"Ahhhhh okayyyyy." I stopped and put my hands at my side,

"Good," Danielle said with a smile. She began lifting her sports bra again and this time her tits strained to stay in but just couldn't do it anymore and popped right out in full view. They were gorgeous, I've always obsessed over her boobs. They were perfectly, they were a wonderful double D and fit perfectly in my hands with perky nipples that loved to be licked. She then abruptly covered them with her arm. This was gonna drive me crazy! 

She turned around and walked over to where I was sitting. "Time for you to show me and I'll show you." I was like flash as quick as I could to get my cock out. I pulled my dick out in full view, not average but not huge at about 7 1/2 inches but thick enough to give Danielle a challenge in blowing me. 

"Mhmm baby, someone's excited aren't they?" She was bitting her lip again, god that turned me on so much. From there she got down slowly on knee at a time right in front of my hard dick. I watched as she moved her one hand up to her right boob and shifted her left arm that was covering both to the left boob. She started dot massage them slowly in a circle. 

"Oh babe, I love seeing your dick as I play with my tits. Do you like it when I play with my tits in front of you?"

"Yess, baby, yes I love it. Can I see them now?"

"Oh you wanna see these?" She referred to as she pushed them really close together as she leaned back.

"Yes please let me see your tits baby, please." Danielle smiled and leaned back and moved her hands back behind her legs forcing her tits forward making them look even bigger and rounder than normal. 

"Oh fuck baby, I love your tits."

"Haha I know you do baby. Now it's my turn for some more fun." She leaned back forward and opened her mouth wide and sucked my dick right in. She ran her hand up and down my shaft as I moaned. She looked up at me and started bobbing her head up and down. She could only get the head of my dick in her mouth. God, it felt so good I leaned my head back and closed my eyes tight. 

About 20 seconds later she stopped, why did she stop? I leaned back and on my elbow and saw her holding her tits and started to push then around my dick and start jacking off my dick with her tits. I lost it. I wanted her now, I had to have her. I also didn't want it to stop so I waited with batted breath for a solid minute then made my move. 

I stood up quickly, standing directly in front of her on her knees. She looks up questionably but I reaching down and grabbing under her arms and tossing her on the bed. She giggles and curls up but I need her legs open. Somewhere in the time she started sucking me she had taken off her pants and panties and I could openly see her wet pussy, time for me to have some fun. 

"I'm hungry honey."

"But aree youuu.. oh... mhm." When she started talking I had already dived in and started licking lightly around her pussy lips. She tasted so sweet. I love eating her out and I loved seeing her reaction most of all. I went slow at first and then started exploring more. I started to go faster and deeper. I started drawing the ABCs, which are her favorite way to be licked. She started grabbing the side of the bed and gripping it looking up every so often as I ate her out deeper.

I then went in for the kill to her clit. I pushed on it softly and worked harder. The harder I pushed her back arched more and more. 

"Oh baby! Right there. Please lick right there!" I did just, drawing in circles and sucking her clit harder. I could tell she was close and I started to rapidly push my tongue off and on her clit. "Oh baby I'M CUMMINGGG." Her legs clamped down on my head and she came, harder.

"That good babe?" I asked. She didn't even answer she just go up leaving me confused. She walked around to the end of the bed and climbed on top of me as I turned to look at her. 

"I want to ride your dick." She climbed up right over my dick and grabbed it with her hand and guided it in. We had to go very slow, she was wet but she is always so tight, I loved her tight pussy. 

"Oh baby your dick is so big. Oh!" She was working it and had to take a minute to rest but then the fun really began and she started to bounce on my dick. Slow at first then harder and harder till her tits were bouncing all over the place. It was the most beautiful sight. I reached up and forcefully grabbed her tits holding them while she bounced on my dick.

"You like that dick inside you baby?"

"Oh yes baby, it's so big." I could tell that she was starting to get tired, she had been going for a sold 5 minutes. This was my time to take over. I grabbed onto her hips and started to sit up. She knew this was coming and held onto me. I flipped her completely around onto her back with my dick still inside her.

"OH baby, oh fuck me, please fuck me."

"You want my cock baby? How do you want it fast or slow?"

"Fast please."

"As you wish." I built up my pace but in a minute i was fucking her pussy deep and fast. "BABY. Ah! Ah! Mhmm yeah baby." I forced everything I had into her. I clenched my ass muscles and drove my full wait into my dick deep into her tight pussy. But then came the inevitable I was getting tired. 

"Do you want me to turn over babe?" I loved fucking Danielle on her stomach. I was able to get deeper and her pussy just got tighter the more she clenched it. I felt in control, really showing her how she should be fucked. Hard and deep with my fat cock in her tight pussy. 

"Yeah, so I can get it deeper in you."

"Haha, I don't think that's possible but okay."

"Ass up please babe." With that she laid down with a pillow under her stomach and she shimmied her ass up farther into the air. Mhm I could eat it, before I went down and took a nice bite out of her ass. 

"Hey! What are you doing? Why do you always bite my ass?"

"Because it looks tasty." She laughs at that and start to climb on top of her. I position my dick at her pussy and push in.

"Go easy baby its sore ohhh! mhmm yes." I had pushed it in slowly like she asked but I was going all the way in. From there I ground deeper into her clenched pussy as far as I could go. I then pulled out most of the way and forced it back in. I loved pounding her deep feeling her insides. 

"Oh baby you're so deep, mhmm I want your cum." Oh did I want to give it to her. I pushed my hand under her and grabbed onto her tit. I needed the extra leverage to drive in deeper and deeper. As I grabbed onto her big tit I drove deeper and deeper waiting for my balls to tighten up ready to unload in her. The thought of shooting my cum into her pussy drove me wild. I had to do it, I needed to cum in her. 

"Oh baby oh I'm cumming."

"Yes baby oh yeah cum inside me, cum inside meee."

"Ahhhhhh." I came deep inside her pussy forcing my entire cock into her tight little pussy. My cock pulsed at least four times dumbing my seed inside her. I collapsed onto of her so tired. I rolled over and thought, wow way better ending to my long day! She looked at me and smiled giving me a quick kiss and slowly getting up and heading to the bathroom.

"Oh baby, are you ready for round two?"

"Honey, I love you. Give me 5 minutes and I'll be right in."

"Okayy, hurry though, I'll just have to please myself till you get in here." I don't think anyone else could have known how to get my rock hard again right after that last time like she could. I waited so I could catch her masturbating and headed in for round two. I guess we both got to a workout in. I'd say far better than the gym.