 This was absolutely ridiculous. What the hell was I even doing here? For the life of me, I couldn't figure out how I had gotten talked into this shift. I was all set to have my weekend start early, but instead I had agreed, like the nice guy I am, to swap shifts with my friend so he could go out on a date. So while he was having a great time downtown, I was stuck at this absolutely empty twenty-four hour gym on a Friday night. Nobody was going to be coming in. The weather was miserable because an early chill had come in that day. Everyone was either out at a restaurant or a bar or was home staying nice and warm inside. Everyone except me.

Well, everyone except me and the girl who was walking through the door at that very moment. She had a hooded sweatshirt and a pair of sweats on with a pair of beat up sneakers on her feet. She held a small gym bag in her hand was pulling out her membership card as she walked toward the desk. I guessed her to be a good eight or nine inches shorter than me as she came to the desk and handed me her card. I swiped it through the reader and her name and information came up on the screen.

"Have a good workout Nicole."

"You can call me Nikki." I thought I detected a hint of flirtation in her voice, but I chalked it up to boredom at being here all by myself on a Friday night. Given it was already past ten, boredom was a given. All of the televisions were hooked up to boxes on the workout equipment, so all I could see was mute screens in front of me and there was nothing to do but just sit behind the desk and wait for my shift to mercifully end. 

I scanned around the gym and didn't see Nikki anywhere, so I assumed she must have gone into the locker room to change. Since now was as good a time as any to do a quick walk around the gym to make sure everything was working, I locked the register and began a slow walk around the massive workout space. All the machinery appeared to be in working order and the lights were all on, including the one that had been flickering all last week. I guess they had finally gotten it fixed. When I turned around and started walking back to the desk, I saw Nikki walking out of the locker room and couldn't believe that she was the same woman.

The shapeless sweatshirt and sweats had given way to a woman who practically made my heart stop. She had chocolate brown hair that she had tied into two loose pigtails to keep it out of her face as she worked out. In place of the sweatshirt she now wore a sports bra under a Brewers tank top. The team logo was stretched taut over two of the firmest, roundest breasts I had ever seen in my life. The neck scooped low across her chest revealing some of the most gorgeous cleavage I had ever laid my eyes on. As I dragged my eyes lower, I saw that she had traded the sweats for a small pair of shorts that capped her firm, tight legs. They were toned, but not overly muscular and still carried every last sensual curve that perfectly feminine legs should have. I was thankful that I had kept walking while drinking in this vision or else it would have been obvious that I was looking her over like a piece of meat. Instead of being caught, I just calmly sat down behind the desk and tried to catch as many glimpses as I could without being obvious.

She walked over to a treadmill just a few spots away from the desk and began doing a quick stretching routine before she started working out. She put her hands on her hips and leaned back, her breasts jutting forward as she stretched out the muscles in her back. I couldn't help licking my lips as I was thankful for the reception desk in front of me that hid the uncontrollable physical reaction she was causing. I shifted in my chair and tried not to drool as I watched her. She leaned to one side and then the other and finished by stretching forward and touching her toes. The tank and sports bra were barely concealing her at this point and I almost swore that I could see her nipples growing hard under the fabric and beginning to poke through. I took a quick sip of water and looked down quickly as she stood back up and got onto the treadmill. 

As she began to work out, I realized that I hadn't cleaned the locker room showers yet. I didn't want to miss a single second of her jogging, but I knew it had to be done. After all, she was clearly going to want to use the showers afterward and I didn't want her to be disappointed to the point that she didn't come back to the gym again. I picked up the keys to the supply closet and walked by her. I couldn't help watching her quick pace on the machine. Her chest bounced ever so slightly, to and fro. The sweat had given her a sensual sheen like she had just been sprayed down with water. Her shorts clung to her tight and taut little ass in an almost mesmerizing way. As much as I didn't want to have her out of my sight, I tore my gaze away and went to work.

The cleaning didn't take very long, but I realized the timing was good. I needed to calm myself down before I lost control of myself. Otherwise I might do something that would get her angry enough to call the manager and then I'd be out of a job and would also never get to watch this busty little gym bunny work out again. I scrubbed down the showers and mopped the floor until I could finally feel my arousal subside and my capacity for rational thought come back. By this time I had worked up a decent sweat, but knew that my shower would have to wait until I got home as I certainly couldn't use these while I was on duty.

I walked back out of the locker rooms just as Nikki was finishing her workout. She had worked up a very good sweat and her tank top had gotten so wet that it was clinging to her. Her chest heaved with each heavy breath as she wiped her face. She reached each leg behind her back to stretch and cool down. I could feel my arousal coming back, but I couldn't start walking to the desk just yet as I was still in the locker hallway. Just as I reached the end of the hallway, she stretched forward again, her arms behind her back. Her breasts pushed forward, squeezed together by the sports bra, her whole body glistening like a pin up model who had just been sprayed down for a photo shoot. She looked up from her stretch and I could feel her gaze locked onto my almost painfully swollen cock. She smiled slightly, but I couldn't tell if she had truly noticed or not.

"All ready for me?" My mind initially thought that she was propositioning me, but I quickly realized that she was asking about the locker room. I blushed a deep red and stammered a bit before I could speak properly.

"All.....all set Nicole."

"I told you. Call me Nikki." I thought she winked at me, but I just blamed it on my fevered mind. No doubt a wave of fantasies was about to cascade through my imagination, but before I could embarrass myself, she walked toward the locker room and I figured I was safe from myself. She would shower, get changed, and then leave again. Then I could take care of the sexual ache that she had built up inside me and get back to my boring evening. As I resigned myself to this, I heard her calling to me from the locker room hallway.

"Could you come here? I think there's a problem with the shower." I slowly got up and adjusted my slacks as best I could, trying desperately to hide how hard and swollen my shaft had become. I walked toward her as she smiled at me. It was at this moment that I noticed she must have already begun changing as the tank top was gone and only the tight, white sports bra remained. Her flat stomach was on full display and her full firm tits were even more readily apparent. 

"What seems to be the problem?"

"There doesn't seem to be any hot water coming out of the showerhead. Can you check it for me?" I reached into my pocket and pulled out my keys so I could unlock the closet. As I walked by her, I felt her arm brush against me and my heart skipped a beat as I felt how soft and smooth her skin was. I swallowed hard and smiled at her as I walked toward the showers while she went back to the locker room. 

I went into the closet and began checking the pipes and valves and it appeared that everything was in order. After feeling the pipe and making certain it was hot, I walked back to the showers and turned one on until a stream of hot steamy water sprayed out of the head. I took a deep breath of the warm moist air, luxuriating in how felt on my skin. I then called out, "Looks like it's all fixed Nikki!"

"Good." I was startled as I heard her voice right behind me. She was wrapped in a white towel that stopped about halfway down her thigh. Her breasts were half covered and depending on how she moved it was possible to see the top of her caramel colored nipples. I swallowed hard and had absolutely no chance to hide the massive arousal she was causing. She smiled and licked her lips as she looked at me. "Why don't you join me? You could use a shower too I bet."

With that, she dropped her towel and every last curve that I had lusted over tonight appeared before me. Her breasts were full and firm, capped by rock hard nipples that begged to be sucked and nibbled. Her pussy was neatly trimmed and, by the way it glistened, it was apparent that she was just as aroused as I was right now. Before I could speak another word, she put her hand on my chest and pushed me back into the shower without letting me get a single piece of clothing off or a single protest past my lips.

As soon as she closed the door to the shower, I completely lost control and took her into my arms, kissing her deeply and passionately. My tongue explored her mouth as she reached down and struggled to pull my soaking wet shirt off. She began to moan as my throbbing cock pressed against her through my slacks until she gave up and just tore the shirt right off of me. Her hands made quick work of my belt and the button and zippers on my slacks and pushed them down to my ankles where they pooled on top of my shoes. 

I pulled her against me, leaning down to kiss and suck on her breasts. She almost purred in response as my teeth lightly bit against her nipples, my stubble rasping across her skin. The steam was filling the shower room to the point that I could barely see the sex goddess that was wrapping her arms around me. Before I realized it, she had slipped down to her knees and began lightly kissing the head of my cock. I could feel her tongue running along my shaft as my knees buckled in ecstasy. With one swift motion she swallowed every last inch of my cock as she pushed me against the wall of the shower. Without thinking I began to run my fingers through her hair, shaking as she began to moan around my throbbing cock. Precum began to pour onto her tongue and down her throat as I unconsciously began thrusting between her lips. I moaned loudly as she sucked long and hard, dragging her lips up and down my cock, her tongue dancing along my shaft. Then, just as abruptly, she took her mouth of me with a "pop" and stood up in front of me and kissed me deeply. 

I could taste my precum on her tongue as she pushed deep into my mouth. I completely lost myself in the moment, turning and pressing her against the wall, my hands groping and kneading her full, massive tits, rolling her nipples between my fingers. She moaned into y mouth as she reached down and grabbed my throbbing cock in her hands. My shaft, slick with water and precum slipped back and forth in her hand until she got a good grasp and guided it to the lips of her pussy. She grabbed my shoulders I thrust forward into her, pushing my cock deeper into her as she wrapped her legs around me. Her full weight was supported by the wall and my body as I began to drive my shaft into her over and over again.

Harder and faster, losing ourselves in the rhythm. She was almost shrieking with pleasure as we fucked like mad, the steam surrounding us and hiding us from the world. I could feel an orgasm beginning to boil inside me, the heat building between us as I pushed the head of my cock as deep as it would go into her warm and inviting pussy. I saw her eyes almost roll back into her head as she began to shake in my arms. Suddenly, she clamped down on my cock, almost milking and willing a matching orgasm out of me. We screamed against each other as she kissed me deeply, the orgasm ricocheting between us as we reached the peak of our ecstasy. Then, as suddenly as it came, it rolled away like a retreating tide, leaving us breathless, sweating, and exhausted. I let her down softly and we sat down on the floor, the water washing over us, as we collapsed into each other's arms and let the world melt away.