 Well there's this guy, we'll call him Jake, I've known for years and years. We met when we actually worked for the same company for a few weeks, and got along good and even had a couple of dates. Until he left for greener pastures, and we really didn't make any attempt to keep in touch. But somehow we kept running into each other, sometimes at business conferences, sometimes in a bar or club, and once, even on the beach. 

We always got along good and eventually we started dating again. But we were more like buddies than anything, and it was never regular. And a lot of times it was when we both happened to be horny or getting over a relationship or just needed someone to talk to and commiserate with. Most of the time it was just a quick roll in the hay to get our horns trimmed; once in a while I'd stay overnight, and a couple of times we spent a weekend together. 

After the first time, fucking Jake was almost a forgone conclusion for me; he had a big dick, big as I've ever had, and it was nice and thick. Plus, he knew how to use it! What's not to like? But sometimes we had trouble getting started, even though we both wanted it, because we'd play around a lot and end up laughing instead of fucking. It was great, but we just had an unspoken understanding, we were in it for the sex when one or both of us really needed it.

If either of us had gotten married I'm sure the other would have attended the wedding and offered the most sincere good wishes. I'm not so sure we wouldn't have hooked up again at some point though.

Anyhow, I hadn't seen him for six or seven months, and I wondered what had happened to him occasionally, but I was busy and even had a guy I was kind of sweet on, and I never thought seriously of getting in touch.

And then one day last week the phone rang and it was Jake, and he asked me to meet him for a drink after work. That's how it always was with us, and I didn't think much about it, but of course I said yes. And I was looking forward to fucking him as usual if that's what he wanted. Jake is older than me, quite a bit, but he has that beautiful big cock and loves to please me, so I never passed up the opportunity.

That night we met and had a couple of drinks with some small talk, but I could tell something was on his mind. So finally I said, "Come on babe, you didn't call me just to have a drink, what's up with you?"

He gave me a strange look, like he didn't know how to begin, but finally, said, "Something's happened to me over the last few months, and it's turned out to be so weird I just need to tell someone, Sheba."

And he proceeded to tell me the whole story over the next few hours. Actually, after a few minutes I turned my cell on and recorded his story, so I have most of it. But I still don't know whether to believe this happened, it's so strange, and if it did I'm worried about Jake, could be it's not over. But he told me in such great detail, not stuff you could just make up on the spur of the moment, it seemed like it was burned into his memory. And he certainly didn't make it up to get me to fuck him; he knows he can have that just about any time he wants, just for asking.

So anyhow, I'm going to tell you this from his perspective, just like he told me, and I may add a little embellishment here and there, just to make a really good story. But most of it is his, even the little things.

So see what you think, Truth or Fiction?

-----------------------------------------------

About a year ago I joined a fitness club, just to stay in shape. I'm not getting any younger, and I was gaining a few pounds. But once I started working out, I found out I liked it and really kept at it. Before long, even though I weighed the same, I had a very different body, and I was proud of it!

I used to keep pretty much to myself and mind my own business, but of course, once in a while a good looking lady in workout clothes caught my eye. I tried hard not to look too long and make anyone uncomfortable, and I had relationships outside the club that kept me satisfied. 

One day a new one showed up, looked younger than me but not too much, and she plunked down on a thigh machine right across from the machine I was using. Really, there was nothing special about her at first. In fact, she looked flat as a board in the oversized tee she wore. And she was a little thing, barely five feet, if that. But there was something about her, and I liked it. And somehow I let my eyes linger a little because she had on very short gym shorts, and on that machine I could see her pink panties every time she spread her legs doing the exercise.

But finally I saw her glance at me, and I turned away, not wanting to let her know I'd been staring, which I had. I finished up my reps and started to get up, but when I did she was standing there, like she was waiting. "Why were you looking at me?"

She said it very matter-of-factly, like she really wanted to know, not sarcastic at all. And she had a very pleasant smile on her face. I turned red, searched for an answer and stumbled, "Oh ... I'm so sorry ... was I? I didn't mean to be rude. I guess I just um ... kind of focused on you. Please ..."

She interrupted, "Yes, I really think you were. But it's alright, I'm not upset and I don't want to embarrass you. I just can't imagine why a nice looking man like you would waste your time looking at someone like me. I've only just started here today, but I already know this place is full of better looking women than me."

In a way, she was right, but she was putting herself down. She looked fit and obviously took care of herself, even had a pretty face, really beautiful shiny black hair with a curl to it, and a nice figure except for the tits. And an intriguing accent with a tinge of what sounded like Italian. Nothing special, but not really bad at all. 

Since she sounded like she meant it that way, I tried to be honest too. "I guess I did let my eyes get stuck on you more than I should have. Usually I avoid that, but I'll plead guilty this time. But you are certainly worth looking at ... in fact, it's a pleasure!"

She laughed at that. And put out her hand to me. "You must have strange taste. I'm Carla Rosanno. And you?"

I carefully took her hand and shook, hoping that's what she wanted. "Jake ... Jake Forster. Nice to meet you, Carla. Though I wish we'd gotten a better start."

And that was about it. Although I couldn't get the conversation out of my mind. I finished up my usual routine and was heading out to my car when I heard a voice from behind me, "Hey Jake!" I knew instantly it was her because nobody else in the place would know my name except maybe Sheila and Wendy, the desk girls.

When I turned she was coming from the locker room, now dressed in a blouse and a short white skirt that showed off her trim legs very nicely, thank you. But she wasn't moving very fast and when she caught up she said, "Sorry, but I guess I overdid the leg machines today. First chance I've had to try them and I think I might have pulled a muscle. I need something to dull the ache a little. Anyplace around here to get a drink?"

When I told her there was a bar and grille down the end of the mall she said, "Sounds like that'll work. How about joining me for a little while?"

Well it would have been kind of hard to say no, and to tell the truth I really didn't mind. After all, for some reason she did appeal to me, and she was the first person that had ever given me the time of day in the gym. I'm not much of a drinker but I didn't have any place I had to be and so, why not?

When we went in she chose a booth at the back of the room, which was pretty much empty anyhow at that time of day. The bartender came over, kind of annoyed I think, that we didn't just come to the bar and order. No waitress on at that hour. Anyhow, she asked him about red wine, not just the bar wine, but top shelf stuff. When he finally came up with one she wanted he said she'd have to take the whole bottle, but that didn't faze her a bit. I was going to have a beer, but when she asked, I figured I'd better help her drink it. 

And so we settled in, both sipping her wine, which actually was pretty good, although I'm not used to expensive stuff like that. We hadn't gotten through our first glasses though when she looked at me and said, "Jake, I hate to ask you this but could you give me a hand? My calf muscle is really starting to hurt. Would you mind rubbing it a little?" And without waiting for an answer she turned towards me and swung one leg right up and onto my lap!

I looked at her, wanting to be sure she was serious, but it looked like she was, so I began kneading gently with both hands. Immediately she sighed with what sounded like relief, but after a minute she said, "A little harder please, try and get in deep."

She looked and sounded like she meant just what she said, but there was something about her that was having an effect on me. And yes, I was actually getting a little harder with that smooth, toned leg in my hands! But I tried to ignore it and just do the job she asked. When I moved my hands a little higher up the back of her leg towards her knee though, she kind of sighed, "Ahhhh, that feels good, right there, keep going!" 

At that point it felt pretty good to me too, so I tried my best. But after another minute or two she shifted again, moving a little closer to me, putting an arm over my shoulder to steady herself, and then sliding her whole leg across my lap! Now her thigh was where her calf had been, and she looked really apologetic when she said, "I guess the whole leg is stiffening up a little, and you're doing a really good job. I'm sorry to have to ask, but would you mind doing a little more?"

Now I was really getting nervous, because I was stiffening a little more too, and I was afraid she might be able to tell. And in the position she was in the only thing I could really do was put my hands on the inside of her thigh and wrap my fingers around a little and dig them into her hamstring muscle. But the minute I felt that soft warm skin under my palms I knew I didn't mind a bit if she didn't! 

As soon as I started to rub and knead she began to grunt a little in time with my hands, but soon grunts turned to moans, and then to little whimpers. And when I looked at her she had her eyes closed and was breathing really deeply. And then she began moving her leg back and forth just a little bit, right over the bulge in my pants! 

Well it took a while, but now I knew this was about more than just a sore muscle. And when I moved my hand up her thigh a little until it slipped under her skirt she just nodded her head and gasped out, "Uhhuh!"

This went on for a couple of more minutes, until I was expecting to feel her panties against my fingertips, but then she opened her eyes and looked at me again. "Jake, you live around here?"

When I told her just a couple of miles up the road she asked if maybe we could go there. And of course I wasn't saying no at that point, so we took my car and headed out. And it's a good thing it wasn't far, because the whole time I was driving she ran one finger up and down the length of my cock! 

When I let her in the front door ahead of me it was kind of odd. She walked into the middle of the room and looked around, even peaked into the kitchen, like she was inspecting. Or maybe wanting to be sure we were alone. But then she came back to me, looking up with a smile, and pressed her whole body, flat chest and all, right against me. 

By now I had no doubt what she wanted, and when I leaned down to kiss her, her lips were already moist, and open! And it didn't take long before our lips were grinding and my tongue was in her mouth. Her hands were on my back, and I slowly explored her, letting my hands slide slowly down from her shoulders until they reached her sweet ass, amazingly full, round and firm compared to her tits. And when I began to knead those cheeks she really began to moan into my mouth and squirm against me. 

Pretty soon the moans turned to whimpers and we both needed to sit down, so I scooped her up and carried her to the couch. When I sat next to her she sprawled out and put her legs up on the cushions and her arms around my neck, grinding her lips on mine with kisses that showed pure need or want. In that position I could run my hands pretty much all over her, and I did, from her shoulders right down past her ass and over her thighs.

The more I did the more she moaned and squirmed in my lap, and her legs began slowly pedaling on the couch, like she couldn't stay still. And when I ran my hand slowly over her tummy she took a hand from my neck for a moment and undid the waist of her skirt! Of course I wasted no time sliding my hand underneath it, and when my fingers brushed over her panties she shuddered and her voice was all quivery when she gasped out, "Ohhhhhhhh fuck!"

And she rolled her hips, pressing hard against my hand and leaving no doubt what she wanted. I stroked her over the panties for a minute but they were already soaking wet, so I pushed them aside and ran my fingers up and down her slippery lips. And her whole body convulsed! I thought she was going to have an orgasm right then and there, but she just kept chanting, "Yes, yes, yes, yes!" over and over, and her hips bucked back and forth against my hand. 

Once I slipped a couple of fingers inside her she finally pulled her lips away from me and threw her head back. Once again, hardly able to get the words out, she ordered, "Oh fuck! That's it, fuck me hard, do it now!" I complied, my fingers making juicy wet noises in her gushing pussy, and in moments she did cum, out of control, writhing, and probably would have ended up on the floor if I hadn't held on tight!

When she finally stopped squirming she was gasping, out of breath, and I waited, stroking her gently. And she finally looked up at me and said, "Jake, don't you have a bed?" We got up and I started to lead her to the stairway, but she tugged my hand and said, "No Jake, I want you to carry me!"

That was a real bitch, but thanks to the gym and the fact that she didn't weigh more than 100 pounds I managed to do it, and by the time I laid her down I was gasping! Immediately she got on her knees and crawled over to me. She pushed up my t-shirt and I got the message it was supposed to come off, and by the time it was she had my pants undone. And she yanked down my underwear so fast my cock flew out and actually slapped her in the face! She blinked, then looked, then blurted out, "Oh yes!"

And she grabbed me so hard she made me moan, but when her lips sucked me in I moaned even harder. Oh god, her mouth was dripping wet, she was drooling, and she sucked and slurped on me like her life depended on it. Needless to say I was in heaven and hell at the same time, shaking from the sudden feel of that luscious mouth and scared I'd cum down her throat before we even got started!

But she was good, and she could tell when I was close and backed off, kissing and licking softly till I got it together again. She never could deep throat me, but she took me as far as she could, to the back of her mouth, using her tongue to torture me as her lips squeegeed me in and out. Her spit was dripping on the bed and the floor, ropes of it running down my cock! And her whole body was rocking back and forth, keeping time!

Pretty soon I decided I better do something, because I couldn't hold out much longer no matter how she did it, and I reached under her arms and pulled her up to me for a kiss. She acted disappointed for a second; I know she was loving just having my cock in her mouth, but when I began unbuttoning her blouse she moaned into my mouth, I guess just me touching her being enough. 

Of course she didn't have a bra on, and she did have breasts, just little swellings on her chest. But when I reached in and ran my hand over her I gasped in surprise because she had swollen, pointy nipples about an inch long! They were rock hard, and when I fingered them she went nuts, crying, whimpering, gasping all at the same time, and arching her back, wanting more and more. 

Good by me, and I pushed the blouse off her shoulders and bent down and sucked one in, holding it with my lips as I got it wet with my tongue, then swirled round and round, grinding against it and sucking hard. I couldn't believe it! She started to moan, then howl, and in a just a minute of me pulling on one nipple and sucking on the other she came again, just as hard! When I pulled my head away and looked down at her I realized she had her own fingers buried in her cunt, and her hips were still rocking, grinding on them. 

I took the time to get my pants and underwear off, and by then she was on her back, looking up at me. The skirt was on the bed room floor, and all she had on was the panties and they were soaking wet, so I quickly stripped them off of her. As soon as I did she began slowly squirming on the bed, staring up at me with a big smile. She was sliding her legs up and down the sheet, her hips were slowly rolling and she was opening and closing her thighs. And one hand was fingering one of those amazing nipples; she'd pull at it and close her eyes and moan, over and over. 

It was an invitation a blind man would have recognized, and I accepted. I crawled up between her thighs and started kissing up the insides, one then the other. She'd obviously taken a shower at the gym, because she smelled good and even tasted good! It was then I began to realize that maybe she had intended this all along! She threw her head back, moaning, and lifted one leg, putting it over my shoulder and opening herself up to me even more. Of course she was already soaking wet and I began tasting her, licking up one lip, then down the other, then teasing her slit with my tongue.

She was going crazy, body rolling and making all sorts of noises, and I wasn't very far behind her, my cock feeling like it wanted to explode. I was determined to give her the "treatment", and I pushed my tongue in her cunt, fucking her slowly with it as I lapped up her cream. But that ended when she gasped out the words every man wants to hear, "Jake, fuck me NOW!"

When I slid up between her legs she didn't wait for me; she grabbed my cock and pushed it between her lips, lifting her hips to be sure I didn't get away. She didn't have to worry though, I just pushed, and then she really moaned as I slid into her tight cunt. And oh god, she was tight, like it had never been used! I had to hold still for a minute until I was sure I was in control. 

And then I rocked slowly, going deeper little by little until she opened up for me. She was making the wildest noises, and if "Yes!" wasn't one of them I'd have thought I was hurting her. But there was no doubt she wanted it, couldn't wait, and time and again I had to slow her down before I blew! After a few minutes though, I had bottomed out in her and finally got my cock under control, and then it was like heaven. I fucked her fast, fucked her slow, hard and then soft, and every time she was right with me, babbling and moaning and urging me on. 

It actually lasted quite a while before we were both on the edge, with no place to go. I started fucking her really hard, pounding her, hearing the slapping echo from the hallway, and she was just making high little squeaks; her hips bucking with every one of my thrusts. Of course I was soaking wet with sweat by then and her body was all shiny from the sprinkles from my face. 

Since I knew nothing about her I figured I'd better not blow inside her and started to pull out to finish myself off, but she yelled at me, "NO! Put it back!" Well I did, and began really slamming her and watching her little body bounce on the bed. She screamed all of a sudden and her hips pushed up hard and when her cunt clamped down on me I exploded too, my hips bucking as I ground against that little pussy, pumping the load of a lifetime into her!
