 It was new, clean and looked more like a collectible boutique than an adult store. It had caught my attention on this Saturday morning as I was out running errands. I stopped in and was just beginning to browse when a feminine voice asked, "Is there something special you are looking for or are you open to suggestions?" 

"Well, I guess I am listening," I replied. 

"Take care of yourself first and everything else will fall into place." 

"Um, what do you mean?" I asked hesitantly. 

The girl reached into a bag she was carrying, lifted out a small bottle, sort of "presented" it between the two of us and continued, "If your stimulate and harness your own libido then you will naturally be more attractive to your woman, and that begins a re-enforcing cycle that will enhance the environment for both of you." 

A bit confusing, yet intriguing. By now I had noticed that the girl was close to my age, tall, fairly attractive and looked somewhat familiar. I pushed her product presentation over into a corner of my mind and responded, "Hey, as you were speaking it dawned on me that you are somewhat familiar. Do we know each other?" 

"Sort of," she replied. "I think we were in the same business class at State University two years ago, but I am surprised you remember me. My name is Jane, and though it quickly dawned on me where I knew you from, I can't place your name." 

"Hal. Thanks for connecting those dots...and now back to your sales pitch." 

"It really wasn't much of a sales pitch. I was simply trying to explain how you might enhance your perceived attractiveness to your partner." Jane took the closed bottle, turned in upside-down against her middle finger and continued, "When you place a dab of this liquid behind your ear it has a positive influence on your sex drive and ability to perform. Think of it as a combination pheromone and Viagra. It stimulates your confidence and your actual abilities." 

"That sounds quite interesting, but I don't have a steady girlfriend at the moment," was my weak response. 

"Not to worry. Your improved confidence level will make you somewhat more effective in meeting new people," explained Jane. "Look, try this small bottle for a month and if you don't like the results bring it back and I will simply give you your money back." 

The price turned out to be a bit steep, but I was fascinated by the potential and, besides, the sales pitch had already won me over. Jane gave me some instructions regarding how and when to apply the liquid and how long it was effective (roughly eight hours). I left the shop and finished my errands before heading home. 

During the drive home it registered that my visit to the new boutique (I think I like referring to it that way. It has a better ring than "adult store.") had been pretty short and I really had not even looked over their selection of enhancers, vibrators and super-vibrators. Oh well, now I had an excuse to visit again another day. 

As I retell this story I am still impressed with my improved mental acuity. It must be an unintended consequence of the liquid, but I remember all kinds of detail that would have totally escaped me in the past. It is a shame I got my degree and am back working in the real world. This kind of recall would have been very helpful while getting my MBA, or any time in school for that matter. 

Home alone and pondering Saturday night I was now anxious to use a bit of the liquid and see what the results might be. I had a late afternoon snack, showered, dressed and prepared to head out for a couple of drinks at Shelby's, the local watering hole. I dabbed a bit of liquid on my right index finger, applied it gently behind my right ear, rubbed it in and then following Jane's instructions thoroughly washed any residue off my finger. 

At Shelby's I spotted some of the gang I sorta hang out with and joined them at a circular corner booth. Connie slid over to make room for me on the 9 o'clock side of the booth. The others present included Danny, George, Marilyn and Tanya. I had done my MBA with Tanya and George and had only met the others here at Shelby's. 

The evening was warm and a margarita with salt sounded good to me. Actually it was a Texas sized glass with quite a few ounces of refreshment contained within. The snacks were good and all things pointed to a rather uneventful Saturday evening shooting the breeze with uncoupled acquaintances while savoring a tequila buzz. 

Now it probably should have surprised me when Connie's hand found its way onto my thigh while we were all chuckling over the limp punch line of Danny's joke about oversexed geese. However, I chose not to overtly respond and simply continued in the table banter. People came and went from the table as the need to pee was strengthened by several beverage re-orders. The nature of a corner circular booth is that only the end occupants had easy egress, so there was frequent sliding and shifting of positions as people departed and returned. 

Somehow during the movement I found myself more in the middle of the circle (farthest away from the end). Connie remained on my left, but now Marilyn was immediately on my right...and she kept brushing her left breast against my arm and nestling her leg tightly against my own. 

Let me stop for a minute and clarify a couple of items. First, while I see Connie and Marilyn occasionally at Shelby's, I had no previous relationship with either, other than as friends. Second, while I am not a bad looking guy, I would definitely not describe myself as a stud and I don't have any special abilities (like licking my eyebrows) that would prove an attraction to women. Third, while they were not with dates on this particular Saturday, Connie and Marilyn were both attractive in their own way. 

I judged Connie as around 5'5" with nice legs and moderately sized breasts. She appeared to have a firm posterior, but I would have to leave that eventual judgment until a later time. Connie possessed sandy blond hair and very lovely blue eyes. Marilyn was more striking in initial appearance with smallish breasts that frequently featured firm nipples straining against her blouse or sweater. Her hair was almost jet black as were her eyebrows. Her lips were full and soft. Quite a nice little package. 

There were other things about these two that I found quite arousing, but now I am getting ahead of myself. I will try to get the story back in sequence and fill you in on those details later. 

Close contact with Connie and Marilyn was having another effect as I was now sporting an extremely hard prick that was becoming somewhat uncomfortable being bound up in my pants. It certainly seemed that Connie's soft strokes on my leg had progressed a bit closer to my crotch and Marilyn's hand also found its way onto my leg and joined her tit in making constant contact with my body. My mind drifted away from the conversation and began to focus on the very real possibility that if the two of them continued progressing on their tactical advances, I might find myself with an exploded bomb in my pants and my "tighty whitey" jockeys full of sticky crème de la cum. 

My predicament with the girls did not go unnoticed by the rest of the group and I became the target of the next round of humor. Connie and Marilyn used the laughter to continue their individual campaigns against my body. 

"Would you like to continue this 'discussion' at my place," I whispered into Connie's ear. I twitched pretty noticeably in my seat as her hand advanced all the way to my balls in reply to my question. 

Now I had to figure out how to exit the booth when Marilyn was occupying the end spot. Hell, I thought, let me just address this head-on. First, I leaned into Connie's ear and quietly said, "Give me just a moment to clear a path and then we will make an exit." My statement concluded with a quick tongue in her ear. It was her turn to twitch. 

"Would you like to join me for dinner tomorrow evening?" I asked Marilyn, again leaning into her ear and speaking as softly as I could. Her face expanded the grin that was already in place and she whispered in reply, "I'll do the cooking. I will text you my address...come over at 6:00." 

My inner being sighed in relief and I prepared for an awkward exit by Connie and me. I rather suspect there was considerable discussion after we left Shelby's, but at this point I really didn't care. Remaining in that booth wedged between two sexually aggressive women was no longer an option. 

We walked to my car and I promised to bring her back for her car later in the evening. I let her into the passenger side and climbed in behind the wheel. Before I could even reach the start button she had nearly climbed over the center console and was planting a deep kiss on my mouth while her hand became reacquainted with my balls. I guess we could have just fucked there in the parking lot, but I really appreciate the comforts of home. Thus, I disengaged from Miss Lip Lock, started the car and said, "My place is not far from here." She returned to her seat and buckled up, but her hand found its way back into my lap. 

The drive didn't take long, but it gave me a few minutes to twirl things around in my mind while Connie made some irrelevant chatter about the song coming from the radio. "Wow," I thought, "that liquid behind my ear really has me hot to trot. Or is it Connie that has me so hot? What got her going? And what about the similar reaction from Marilyn? Jane didn't say anything about this having an effect on women...only that they would be attracted to my self-confidence." 

I was definitely confused, but enjoying the process. Thank God, we arrived at my place and headed inside. Connie plopped on the sofa and I absently asked if she would like something to drink. "Not right now," she smiled. "Let's work on some other things first." 

I took that as a direct invitation, lowered myself next to Connie on the sofa and began to attack her body. Like many wars it was not a one-sided affair as Connie seemed as anxious to get her hands on me as I was to explore her features. A bit of ravenous kissing and a very few minutes later we were both in a state of semi-dress. 

My fly was open, but my belt was still latched, so I decided it was a good time for a change of scenery. I lifted Connie and carried her to my bed. I figured that waiting any longer would only serve to make the move more challenging as my pants would have been somewhere around my ankles. 

Once on the bed we were both able to remove the rest of each other's clothes and I had time to more fully appreciate Connie's body with my eyes, hands and mouth. Connie was definitely a member of the flat belly club and I really liked that. Her tits were firm, round and topped by delicious little nipples that acted as power magnets for my tongue. Her bush pretty closely matched her hair -- sandy blonde. The main difference at the moment was that her hair was soft and dry while her bush was soft, warm and oh so wet. 

My hands explored her pussy while my tongue continued to be totally enamored with those delicious nipples. I also liked that in this position I could clearly enjoy Connie's little sighs and coos as she offered cues to what she enjoyed most about our foreplay. I had definite positive reinforcement as my fingers traveled her slit collecting valuable lubrication and then settled in on her clit. 

My intent was to combine the sucking and rubbing to get her really turned on. It worked better than I had planned and she released my dick and slipped into an orgasm. Connie was lost there for nearly a minute and when she came down a bit she gently pushed me away from her tits, shifted her position on the bed and took my dick in her mouth. 

As I mentioned earlier, I am not especially endowed so there wasn't much danger of Connie choking on my pecker. She impressed me with the skilled nature of her cock sucking and blew away (pun intended) my dick with the soft caress of her tongue. I came rather quickly and was lost in my own orgasm. Connie stayed in place throughout my pumping spasms and did a wonderful job of softly cleaning my dick of every drop of cum without putting too much pressure on the over-sensitive little fucker. 

Speaking of fucking, we got to that following a period of warm nuzzling and cuddling that allowed me an unexpectedly rapid re-charge period. Ah, perhaps this is another benefit of the special liquid. 

Connie guided me on top of her and assisted my member into her very juicy pussy. Her internal warmth and moisture felt absolutely wonderful and I found a comfortable pace for slipping in and out. I was quite aware both of the unfailing hardness of my dick and my ability to stay the course following my initial orgasm. 

I was lost in the enjoyment of stroking my dick in and out of Connie when she picked up the pace and begged, "Stay with me, Hal, stay with me." I did, and even tried to alter my strokes just a bit to apply more pressure near her clit with my grinding strokes. She didn't just cum...she exploded and locked me in a clinch as her body convulsed. 

Well, liquid enhanced Hal had never been in a situation quite like this before. I had always been the one to cum first and, if lucky, maintain an erection long enough to get my partner off before suffering fallout. On this night I slowed my pace while Connie recovered and then accelerated once again and drove her to two more orgasms before intensely pumping my load both into her pussy and onto her thighs as I finally withdrew. That was some fun! 

We cuddled, exchanged whispered appreciation about how good that little episode had been and drifted off to sleep. 

Sunlight was already sketching its beams onto the wall of my room when I awakened to find Connie spooned in front of me. I couldn't resist and reached around to fondle her tits. She rolled over to face me and said, "I was waiting for you to wake up. I really don't know what got into me last night. I've never been that horny in all my life and, well, I kind of dragged you into bed." 

I lightly pushed my index finger up to her lips and said, "That was the best sex I have ever had and I'm not really concerned about how we got from point A to right now." I wrapped my arms around her and kissed her as passionately as I could -- morning breath and all. 

Connie returned the kiss, and relaxed her legs when I moved my hand to stroke her pussy. One thing led to another and she wound up straddling me for a brief ride. I used the word brief only because I came after only a few minutes and well ahead of Connie. It felt good, but I certainly wasn't up to the standards of the night before. Connie received a courtesy hand release from me as I stroked her clit and brought her to orgasm. 

We showered, dressed and I drove Connie back to her car. We pledged to connect again soon. 

Now I had time to reflect on the past evening, the morning after and some of the lack of continuity between the results of both. Then it dawned on me. Yep, it had been more than eight hours since the application of that liquid. That must be it. I was certainly the same person in both episodes, but I played the role quite differently night to morning. 

My upcoming dinner with Marilyn danced in my head and I held an extensive debate with myself as to how I could evaluate the effect of the liquid -- both on myself and on my "date." I finally decided that the time with Marilyn would be spent sans liquid. I was searching for answers and trying to develop an A/B comparison method, eliminating as many variables as possible. I needed to know if the liquid was directly influencing my "date" as well as me. In my head I could reconcile the Viagra effect and the improved self-confidence, but I did not want women to be "magically" attracted to me. I needed to know that I earned that on my own. 

Marilyn, as promised, had texted her address and reiterated the 6:00 pm arrival time. 

I went for a run in the early afternoon and then showered, paying special attention to the area behind my ear. I did not want any residue to influence the test. After picking up a bottle of wine I headed over to Marilyn's place. 

Marilyn greeted me cordially at the door, but didn't attack me. At the time I couldn't decide if that was good or bad. The wine I brought appealed to her, so she opened it and poured us both a glass. She indicated we were having salad, bread and lasagna. The lasagna needed about thirty more minutes of oven time, so we settled onto the sofa to enjoy our wine. 

Small talk progressed nicely, but Marilyn made no move to kiss or touch me. I also respected her space and continued to ponder the potential effect of the liquid. 

During my mental exercise I also spent some time admiring Marilyn. Her dark black hair set off a very fair complexion. I have often heard of full lips on a girl described as "pouty" and I think that term does a great disservice to a beautiful feature. Marilyn's expression was extremely pleasant and I found her lips to be attractive, sensuous, soft, full...but not pouty. I don't think Marilyn was wearing a bra under her cotton top as those familiar headlamps were full on. I allowed my eyes to soak in her other features in a manner I hoped wasn't perceived as staring. She had a slim build, a tight ass and legs that accented this lovely package. 

Last evening she was all over me and tonight it was as if she were waiting for me to make a move. My A/B mental list said that after dinner I definitely need to test the waters. 

The lasagna was ready just about the time we poured our second glass of wine. Dinner was great and I hoped I was careful enough to avoid wedging cheese between my teeth and adding a very un-sexy taste to a kiss. We set the empty plates on the counter and took our glasses of wine back to the sofa. I sat first and motioned Marilyn to sit close. She obliged, but still didn't grab for my zipper. 

About halfway through our discussion of Marilyn's favorite movie, I decided to make a move. It was time to test my improved self-confidence. I set my glass on the table, took her glass from her hand, set it near mine, and leaned in for a kiss. Those lips just cried to be kissed softly and that's the way I began. We explored each other's mouths at leisure while increasing our hugging and caressing. 

My hands found their way under Marilyn's top and while caressing the skin on her back I was able to confirm the absence of a bra. That revelation brought my hands, still under her top, around to her tits. I softly kneaded them and twirled my fingers around a pair of puffy areolas surrounding her very hard nipples. I would say Marilyn had sensitive breasts and nipples based on the way her tongue tried to carve a new path through my mouth as I fondled those soft mounds of flesh. 

As I began to lift Marilyn's top over her head she suggested we take our wine to another room. It felt good to warm my throat with a gulp of wine prior to resuming the unclothing of Miss Marilyn. While she allowed me to undress her one piece at a time, she never made a move to remove any of my clothing. 

I had Marilyn totally nude and reclining on the bed. I was not going to remain fully clothed, so I rather quickly and clumsily removed clothing so we could have matching attire. Her body was really lovely. She had legs like I love...feet on one end and a gorgeous pussy on the other. That pussy was surrounded by the fullest, softest-looking black bush I could have imagined. 

At this point I thought Marilyn reminded me of Snow White. Not that I have seen Snow White's bush, but the black hair, fair skin and sensuous lips imprinted on my brain. I was also reminded of a saying a Disney friend had told me. "Contrary to popular opinion, Peter Pan is not a hospital utensil, Mr. Toad is not horny and Snow White isn't." I then set out to prove the latter. 
