 I was warm, wandering, not sure where I was.

Suddenly I was cold, the world of my dream suddenly frozen - and then warm again, but not all over. Something strange was happening, something warm and delightful.

I opened my eyes slowly, and could see Monica's dark-rimmed glasses, her eyes looking up at me. 

Monica? We'd met, that night. I'd thought she was beautiful, just a bit older, but a little intimidating. Down at the other end of the table with other guys who seemed to know her and appreciate her. I got in a few glances, but only a few words.

Just a few words, I'd thought. Had I gotten completely plastered and worked up the courage to bring her back to my hotel room?

I didn't feel plastered, but here she was. 

Looking up at me, her beautiful mouth wrapped around my cock, licking it, teasing it, admiring it, all the while looking up at me as if I should know why she was there.

"Monica?" I asked, a grin breaking through my confusion.

"Yes," she said. "Monica." She paused. "Should I leave?"

"No, no, no!" She started again, enjoying herself as her tongue and lips made me jump.

I watched her for a moment, admiring those bright blue eyes taking in my joy below her dark black hair, just a few gray hairs shining in the city light from the window. She was still wearing her white blouse, bouncing gently against my legs.

I had never felt anyone's eyes so tightly on mine, even as her mouth worked its magic. I was close, really close, ever closer, as she slowed. I wondered, marveled, finally begged her to continue.

"I'd like to do something a little different," she said.

"It's all been wonderful so far," I replied. "What would you like?"

"I'd like you."

She climbed up the bed a bit, lifting her black skirt a bit to reveal nothing underneath. I reached up to her and pulled her close. She smiled at me and reached over to the nightstand, grabbing my glass of water and swallowing it down. I watched her drinking, and my confusion must have shown.

"The better to kiss you," she said, and I pulled her in for a long slow kiss as her hand went back to my cock, stroking it gently.

My hands went to her hips, a little soft, but perfect like her pillowy tummy just above it. I went up to her bra, and she froze.

"Careful," she said. "There are surprises there. Half of what you expect."

"I don't mind." I wondered what she meant - a padded bra? But one side felt different than the other, even as she kept watching me and stroking me. She nodded, lifting her arms so I could remove her blouse and she smiled at me again.

I looked down, and one side of her bra looked... different. A foam form had shifted. I reached behind Monica and undid her bra, letting the form fall out and revealing one beautiful breast beside an empty space.

"I'm a little one-sided, I fear." she said, still looking me in the eyes.

"You're beautiful," I said, giving her scar a gentle kiss before turning my attention to her nipple. She sighed, and my hands slipped beneath her skirt to adore her gorgeous ass.

"That's a little fuller," she said, as I kept my hands moving while my tongue delighted in her breast. She shifted her hand on my cock to point it further under her skirt. She rubbed the head against her wet opening a few times, bringing me back to full strength.

"Okay?" she asked, rubbing a bit harder, grinning and sighing.

"Better than okay," I replied. "Glorious, Monica."

She slipped me in, and lowered herself slowly. One hand reached down to her clit, the other steadied her on the bed as she started pumping. My hands enjoyed her ass, while my cock was in heaven and our smiles grew wide before breaking down into groans.

I'd never seen that before, a woman who kept her eyes open and watching me almost all the time. Even in the mostly dark of the hotel room they shined a little blue, sparkling to remind me that she was keeping her eyes and a lot more on me.

I'm not sure how long we lasted. It wasn't slow any more but it didn't seem quick, her hand moving on herself and occasionally on me. I've never seen fireworks like the sparkling of those eyes as she shouted her joy and I mine.

We stayed together for a while, even after it was over, enjoying each other's warmth and moving our hands over each other. I loved her hips while she explored my face with her fingertips. Still watching me, but sighing occasionally.

"I thought you'd understand," she said. 

I nodded. "You're beautiful, and this... such a surprise."

"I hope you don't mind?"

"How could I mind? I just didn't expect... well, I didn't expect anything."

"Neither did I," she said. "I wasn't sure if you'd jump out of bed and call the cops, but your friend Denny thought you'd liked me."

Had I mentioned? Had he just noticed? Oh, right. He had the other key to the suite. Or had had it.

"Will you stay?" I asked.

She kept looking at me, smiling a bit. I tried again. "Please?"

She nodded. "I'd love to. You're a promise I've dreamed of keeping."

Unsure, I nodded back, and kissed her gently.

"It's been a long time," she said. "A very long time. I wasn't sure..."

I interrupted. "I'm sure. I'm very sure."

She lifted herself off me slowly, and lay down on the bed next to me, finally taking off her skirt and her glasses before pulling me close to her, face to face. We kissed for a long time, fingers exploring each other and pulling each other close. 

We slept for a bit, curled up together, before I woke up again wanting to celebrate a bit more. I traced all over her back and her hair before rolling her over and climbing on top of her. She opened her eyes gently, watching my progress once again.

I kissed her again and slid down a bit, kissing her neck for a long time while my hands explored her chest. I moved down to her breast, teasing the nipple again with my tongue while my hands explored her arms, sliding down to her hands.

I kissed her stomach, enjoying the beautiful soft place along her hip bones before finally sliding down to return the favor. She still watched me as I kissed her thighs, finally settling in at her treasure.

My hand on her nipple and drifting across her breast, my tongue explored her folds, separating and teasing them before diving in. She sighed when my tongue reached her clit, closing her eyes for a moment before showing them to me again. I watched her eyes and her face as I brought her higher and higher, her smile emerging between gaps.

She raised herself up off the bed, again and again, and finally settled again, sighing gently. Her hands stroked my hair and pulled me up slowly, shifting down my body. She reached past my hard cock and cupped my balls.

"Monica," I sighed.

"Would you like me again?" she asked, pulling me on top of her. With one hand she stroked my balls. With the other she pulled me inside of her for another warm and glorious ride.

*****

When I woke up, I wasn't sure. She wasn't there to greet me, and the bed seemed sad and cold.

"Monica?" I asked. It couldn't have been a dream. I looked on the nightstand. By my empty glass lay a note.

"Could we try that again tonight?" it asked, with a phone number below.