  This one's for all the gorgeous ladies... 

*

St. Lucia, a jewel set in the crown that was the Caribbean, made promises to any landlubber who braved the sun and the surf to arrive on her shores. Such a landlubber was Alex Roberts. He had found his way there by accident, a guest of a newly acquired friend.

As an ordinary guy trying to hail a cab in the city of his birth, Chicago, Alex had witnessed a mugging that could have turned tragic, if not for his intervention. After confronting and chasing off a particularly vicious gun-toting crook, Alex had been declared a hero by the victim, the man vowing eternal gratitude to Alex for having saved his life.

That man was none other than Rockefeller Gould who owned half of the Upper East Side. There were worst things than to be the new best friend of a billionaire. Alex was reaping the benefits. That was how he came to be on this island among the beautiful people of the world. 

They'd been to a half dozen island resorts on their excursion aboard Rocke's topsail schooner, The Interloper. Alex had been more than a little impressed by what Rocke called his little yacht. She eighty feet long, came with a full compliment and crew, and under full sail, her beauty was unparalleled. Except for the woman with her head so carefully bent toward the other woman sitting next to her.

"There she is again. Damn look at that ass" Rocke said as he signaled for another round of beers.

The woman, whose name, Alex had overheard, was Cindy, had been on four of the six islands they had visited. She was traveling with a man twenty years her senior who was trying to recapture that spark of youth. His little sloop, the Christine, was moored not far from The Interloper. 

"She's into you, man. Go talk to her." Rocke asked. "I've seen her sneaking looks at you."

"Nah," Alex said after taking a pull from his beer. "She's got enough trouble with the walking midlife crisis."

"I don't see him around anywhere."

It was true. The man was nowhere to be seen. That's the way it had been at the other resorts, too. The guy had gone off, often times leaving her alone while he talked with others his own age. How anyone could leave Cindy alone, even for a minute, was beyond Alex.

She wouldn't be considered glamorous or flashy by most people's reckoning. Instead, her beauty was more genuine. She had a natural, girl-next-door thing going on, and a kind of rare charm that captured a man's imagination. That perfectly-shaped body didn't hurt matters, either. It was slender, rounded in all the right places, and meant for sex.

"Go on. Your eyes are fucking cloudy," Rocke said. "You need to take a chance. At least try to get a little."

An image of Alex's ex-wife sprang to mind. When she left that day nearly two years ago, she said it was because he was too careful, never did anything spontaneous or impulsive. That was one of the reasons he had accepted Rocke's invitation to sail the Caribbean, to learn to be less ordered and rigid in his life.

Draining his beer, Alex turned with a grin. "You're right," he said. "Hope you don't mind another passenger. This works out; I'm asking her to go with us."

"Go to, man," Rocke said.

With just enough liquid courage in him, Alex took the first steps in her direction. His mind raced with thoughts about what he would say, how he would break the ice, but his step faltered when he realized he had no clue how to approach her. 

"I'm sick of this whole trip," he heard Cindy say. The look on her face was less than congenial. She seemed fed up and not likely to be receptive of any advances he made. Stepping behind a display of potted plants, Alex listened to the honeyed sound of her voice.

"Why did you agree to come then?" the other woman asked.

"I don't know. He caught me at a weak moment, I suppose. I should've known better. He doesn't give a crap about me. All he wants is a decoration on his arm. I'm just a status symbol to him. He's just as lame as all the other guys I meet. Is it so much to want someone who knows how to sweep me off my feet?"

"Who cares? You're in the tropics at the end of October. So what if you have to sleep with the jerk? Anything's better than the cold weather up north."

"Who said I'm sleeping with him?" Cindy asked, somewhat offended. "I sleep in the second cabin and I keep the door locked. I don't know what to do. It's not like I can afford the plane fare back home. Just thinking of all the fun I'm missing back there makes me wish I was home again. My friend, Cassie spent the past two months creating a haunted house for her Halloween party. I could be at a costume party tomorrow night."

"Bummer. Well, as long as he doesn't mind your not putting out, you may as well enjoy the sun," the other woman said. "You're on a free ride. What are you complaining about?"

"I'm just so bored," Cindy said vehemently. "You're the first real person to actually talk to me in the past week. It's not much fun being in a tropical playground when you don't have anyone to play with."

"I guess you could always hope for a hurricane or drug-running pirates to liven up the trip," the other woman said with a smirk.

"Yeah, that's what I need," Cindy said sarcastically. "At least a hurricane would blow more hot air than Joe does. It might even shut him up. And bite your tongue about pirates. That's all I need. Although, the thought of Johnny Depp swashbuckling his way onto Joe's measly little boat does have appeal."

Both women giggled at that, signaling to the waiter for another round of drinks. Alex stepped away from the plants, turning slowly as he shook his head. He was deep in thought when he returned to his table. That's why he didn't notice the quizzical way Rocke was watching him.

"What happened?" Rocke asked. "You pussy. You didn't even talk to her."

"I know," Alex said distractedly. 

"So, what happened? Finding you a woman is going to be tougher than I thought."

"No, I found the woman for me," Alex said, grinning.

"Then what's the problem?"

"I need a favor."

***

"Cheer up, babe," Joe yelled over the sound of the wind. "Isn't this great?"

"Yeah, peachy," Cindy James muttered, not caring if he heard. 

This was not how she had expected to spend Halloween, aboard a tiny sailboat with the narcissistic Joe Calloway at the helm. The man was too cheap to spring for the costume party at the last resort they'd been to, so here they were on the sea again. She could have been at one of the many parties that her friends were throwing back home. She could be doing anything other than being stuck in the middle of nowhere with a man who couldn't see beyond his own needs.

Swiping at the salt spray that blurred her vision, Cindy felt a glimmer of hope when she caught a glimpse of something aft. She sat up a little higher, craning her neck and squinting her eyes. Then she saw it again, bobbing on the waves in the distance. 

"I see something," she called over the wind.

Joe turned in the direction she pointed, saying, "You're supposed to say 'sail ho', babe. Why don't you get your cute butt down to my cabin and get my telescope?"

With a roll of her eyes, Cindy did as he asked. She was a little surprised when she returned to the deck to see the other boat gaining on them. It was growing larger by the second and looked like it wanted to swallow Joe's little boat for breakfast.

"Gimme the glass," Joe said, reaching out a hand after tying off the tiller. 

Cindy had already raised it to her eye. With a squint, she focused in on the other vessel, shocked by the size of it. 

"Holy shit," she gasped out. 

"Give it to me," Joe barked. 

He snatched the telescope, letting out a low whistle as he surveyed the craft. He tried to make out the name on the bow, but it was obscured. There was no mistaking the flag at the top of the mast, though.

"Christ," he yelled. "She's flying the skull and cross bones."

"You're supposed to say 'Jolly Roger', babe," she said with a voice dripping sarcasm. 

"Shut up and get below," he bellowed. 

"No way. This is the most excitement I've seen on this dreary trip."

Joe had already forgotten her as he took control of the boat once more. Alternating between tying off the tiller and running about like a fool, doing whatever he thought would make the vessel move faster, he managed to change course. But the huge craft kept gaining on them.

Cindy shook her head at him, keeping a thrilled eye on the encroaching sails. When Joe ran forward to tend the sail, she grabbed up his telescope to have a better look. Her heart rate picked up speed when it dawned on her that the craft was familiar. She'd seen it before, and not that long ago. 

She scanned the deck through the glass, noting with a laugh that the men aboard were pirates, real pirates. They actually had on pirate costumes, brandishing cutlasses and wearing eye patches. 

"You may as well stop, Joe," she called out. "No matter what you do, they'll catch you."

"Shut up and get below," he yelled. "Do you know what pirates would do to you if they saw you?"

"I'm counting on it," she said with a snort. 

"You think this is a joke?" he shouted. "These people are dangerous. They'll kill us both and take my boat."

"Why the hell would they want this when they have a yacht?" she said, laughing out loud. 

"You don't get it, Cindy..." he began as she handed him the telescope.

He raised it to his eye, frowning when he saw the costumed sailors.

"Yes, I think it's a joke," she said. 

"Heave to, or we'll keel-haul ye," a voice called out over a loud speaker. 

"It's the goddamn Interloper," Joe muttered, his face darkening. "Someone needs to take that asshole down a peg."

"Oh, lighten up," Cindy said. "At least someone is having fun out here."

She waved, expecting the larger vessel to pass them by, only to be surprised when schooner nearly swamped them. Stumbling backwards, she just caught herself on the rail to keep from going over. Water drenched her, plastering her bikini and little skirt to her skin. She squealed excitedly as she shook the droplets from her long, dark hair.

"You fucking idiot," Joe yelled. "Are you trying to capsize us?"

His words of outrage were met with hoots and laughter as the large yacht was secured to the little sloop by the many costumed deckhands. 

"Avast, me hearties," the man in the Captain Kidd costume yelled. "Plunder 'er decks!"

Before Joe could protest, a buccaneer landed lightly on his deck. When he took a step forward, he was seized from behind by another man and a plastic blade was held to his throat.

Cindy had just managed to get her feet under her again when a hand extended to her, taking her hand.

"M'lady," the buccaneer said, "will you come peaceful, or do I truss you up and carry you?"

"What is this?" she asked, laughing.

"Why, 'tis a kidnapping, m'lady. You're to be held hostage until someone pays the ransom."

"You can't be serious," she said. "No one I know can afford to pay for me."

"Then I will just have to take it out in trade," he said as he snatched her from her feet and slung her over his shoulder.

She shrieked, laughing too hard to defend herself. It was all she could do to hold onto the back of his shirt.

"What are you doing?" she managed to say between gasps.

"Sweeping you off your feet," he said, handing her off to those that reached for her from the deck of the yacht. "You like?"

"You're unbelievable," she said as she was pulled aboard. 

He followed her, boarding the schooner with a single bound. Cindy was there, laughing with a wicked joy that he liked. The men around them began untying the lines, preparing to cast off.

"Wait," she said, startled. "We're not just going to go off and leave him, are we?"

"Yeah," Captain Kidd said. "He's a wet blanket. Unless you'd rather be with him..."

"No, but my things..."

"You have anything on that little boat that you can't replace?" the buccaneer asked.

"Well, no, but I can't wear my bikini everywhere, all the time."

"My thoughts exactly," the buccaneer said, swinging her up into his arms. Once he hauled her to his cabin, he dropped her on the bed and said, "You can take it off now."

"Now, just a minute, pal," she said, pulling herself upright. "I'm not in the habit of taking my clothes off for strange men."

"Alex Roberts," the buccaneer said with an outlandish bow. "At your service, m'lady. I've decided to lay claim to you on the high seas. You have no choice but to bend to my will."

"Is that so?"

"It's either that, or this is going to be a seriously boring kidnapping."

"You have a point," she said, giggling. "And what happens when you're done with me?"

"I suggest, m'lady, you please me well. Otherwise, I'll have to toss you to the men."

"Well, then, do you prefer me kicking and screaming, or moaning and begging?"

He caught the twinkle in her eye, the way she smiled so beguilingly. With her head tilted to the side and her dark, damp hair trailing over her shoulders, she looked like a sea nymph. 

"I want you to be yourself," he said with a grin. "I like you just as you really are."

"I think I can manage that," she said. "Do you mean to ravish me now, or do you have to make an appearance on deck to be congratulated by your shipmates?"

"Screw them. Let them get their own girls."

He advanced, reaching out a hand to smooth the damp curls from her face. It seemed to him that she flinched slightly, maybe caught off-guard by his touch.

"Cindy," he said. "You don't have to do anything, you know. I just wanted to get you away from that guy. You looked miserable last night at the hotel. I won't lie. I want you, but you don't have to feel obligated."

"I know that. I've been watching you, every time we've ended up on the same island or resort. I've seen what you're like. I think that you're normally a bit shy and you're always nice to everyone. You rescued me from boredom and for that, I'm grateful, but I don't feel obligated. You're hot."

"Works for me," he said, grinning as he started to unlace his pirate shirt. "Just as long as you feel that way."

"Alex, I've been on that miserable little boat with no one to talk to for so long, I'm just glad to be here. Joe wasn't much company."

"Any time you find that you're not having a good time, you just let me know. I'll see that you get safely home, okay?"

"It's a deal," she said, reaching for the ties of her bikini top. "Now how about you come over here and shiver me timbers?"

Kicking off his boots, he decided he would give it his best effort. His shirt landed on the floor on top of his footwear. He was just unbuttoning his trousers when a scrap of cloth hit his face. 

"Jesus," he hissed out, seeing the creamy swell of her breasts and the rosy tips of her nipples. "You look like a goddess."

She laughed, pulling the filmy, damp skirt down her long legs. It landed with a wet splat on top of his shirt, spearing him to action. He nearly fell over as he fought his way out of his trousers. 

"Holy shit!" she exclaimed. "Those baggy clothes you always wear don't do you justice. I didn't realize you were so built."

"I knew exactly how you were put together, but I never imagined you would be this gorgeous," Alex said, grinning. 

"Bring 'er about, boys," they heard the captain yell.

The schooner lurched, pitching Alex forward to land on his quarry. She squealed in response, her arms going about his shoulders and drawing him closer. The first kiss only served to stoke the fires that had been sparked the first time they saw each other.

Cindy's back arched, pressing her belly against his swollen cock. He groaned into her mouth and inhaled the fragrance of her skin. He could taste the salt of the sea on her lips and smell the wind in her hair. 

He moved lower, trailing his lips along the column of her throat to the edge of her collar bone. Leaning on his elbows, he inched his way farther south, tasting every inch of her flesh as he went. Then he wrapped his lips around one of the most delectable nipples he'd ever sampled, feeling her body shudder under his. 

Suckling tenderly at first, he slowly increased the intensity until she cried out in pleasure and tangled her fingers in his hair. Although he knew he wasn't the world's greatest lover, he had always considered himself fairly experienced when it came to women, but he had never known a woman to react the way this one did. The effect was intoxicating.

When he moved lower, licking at the silken skin that covered her ribs, her back arched again while her hands forced his face closer to her body. Her legs wrapped about his back, holding tightly as he moved ever lower.

The scent of her arousal drifted up to meet him as pulled the string that held her bikini bottom in place. Peeling the meager cloth back with his teeth, he pulled her thighs up over his shoulders and slid lower. With a wicked chuckle he viewed the site that greeted him. What little hair she had on her mound was shaved into the shape of a heart, just daring him to touch. 

Touch it he did, splaying his fingers through the sparse growth, caressing gently as she moaned her approval. The lips of her pussy were completely hairless, revealing the delicate pink of the flesh within when he opened them with his fingers. The wetness just begged to be tasted, nibbled and enjoyed. 

"Alex..." she hissed when his mouth made contact. 

She tasted like honey and spice, filling his mouth an elixir he had only dreamed about. He was becoming drunk on her essence, craving more with each lick. Her hips bucked beneath him, her voice crying out for more. Finally, he took the throbbing bud of her clit in his mouth, suckling gently, careful not to get carried away. 

After only a few moments, her body stiffened, her back arching as her legs tightened and convulsed around him. A sharp, keening cry reverberated throughout the small cabin, giving him a sense of empowerment he hadn't known in a long time. She came hard, nearly tearing his hair out at the roots.

"Alex," she gasped as her form fell lax beneath him. "Alex, that was incredible."

"You're incredible," he said, crawling back up her body. "I've never seen a woman come so hard. It was beautiful, Cindy."

Her face, already flushed with pleasure and excitement, deepened in color. Reaching up, she wiped away the moisture on his left cheek.

"I don't think anyone has ever done that to me before," she murmured.

"What? Oral?"

"No, silly," she laughed. "I mean, no one has ever made me go to such... a place before. I almost passed out."

"Glad I could take you there," he said, lowering his mouth to hers. 

He let her taste her own pleasure from his lips, let her smell her own fragrance. When he came up for air again, her eyes were glowing. She looked ready to devour him. With a strength that surprised him, she flipped him onto his back, straddling his waist as she went. She suddenly became the aggressor, smiling dangerously as she looked into his eyes.

With a quick wiggle of her shapely ass, he was seated to the hilt inside her gripping pussy. Like a hot, wet velvet glove, she encased the length and girth of his cock, holding him tight as she sat on top of him. 

"You like that?" she asked, her eyes glittering.

"So you want to play, huh?"

He grabbed her ass with both hands, hauling her slowly up along the length of his cock, lowering her just as slowly, teasing her. She moaned out, letting her head fall to the side with her eyes closed in pleasure. Her tongue darted out, moistening her succulent lips in a way that made him hungry. 

Gripping her hair in his right hand, he brought her head down to his, taking possession of her mouth with his own. His left hand held her firm bottom still as he ground his hips up into her. She let out a gasp of pure delight at the friction against her clit.
