 I'm sure every sexually active person has at least one, maybe ever more, memorable sexual encounters. I have two or three encounters that always come to the forefront of my memory. I'll let you be the judge as to whether one of these is worthy of being called memorable or not.

Joan is one of these encounters. She is a petite, sexy hairdresser that is both my friend as well as my wife's friend. She is a fiery redhead who has many talents. One of these talents is as a seamstress. My story begins the day before Halloween 1991 and involves Joan's seamstress talents. 

I was at her shop that is located in a converted garage in her home. I was getting my monthly haircut when I mentioned the trouble I was having finding a suitable Halloween costume.

"What are you looking for?" Joan asked.

"I'm just looking for a large black flowing robe. You know long sleeves, down to the ground with an attached hood." I told her. You need to understand I'm a big guy and Halloween costumes don't come in my size.

"That sounds really simple. I happen to have a large piece of black material left over from another project. Would you like me to make a robe for you?" Joan asked.

"I couldn't ask you to do that especially since Halloween is tomorrow." I replied.

"Okay. Let's get your hair finished and since I don't have another appointment until after lunch we'll get started. I'm sure I can finish making you a robe in a couple of hours." Joan told me.

So about 20 minutes later when my hair was cut, dry Joan went to get the material. Before she left the shop, Joan told me to go into the living room and wait.

"Here help me spread this out on the floor." Joan told me as she held out one end of the material to me.

"What are we going to do?" I questioned.

"We're going to spread this out and you're going to lay on it with your arms spread out by your sides. Then I'm going to take this chalk and draw around you just like you see the police do with a dead body at a crime scene." Joan explained with a laugh. 

When the material was spread out I laid down in the middle with my arms out. That was the beginning because Joan walked up until she was standing directly over my head. That wouldn't have been a big deal except she had a tight short jean skirt on.

"Close your eyes and don't look up my skirt since I don't have time to go change clothes." she told me as she began to trace around my head and shoulders.

I guess now is the best time to tell you that before that morning Joan and I had never had any type of sexual contact other than one kiss. Sure we had teased each other verbally and rubbed against each other a few times but other than 'the kiss' that was it. As a matter of fact, I had never considered cheating on my wife with Joan or anyone else.

"Do you know how hard it is to lay here and not peek up your shirt?" I asked Joan.

"Oh, I'm sure it will be hard and I sure it will get harder." Joan said with a sexy grin. It may have been my imagination but I thought she looked directly at the growing bulge in my pants.

By this time Joan had moved down to my feet and was kneeling as she drew lines up the outside of my legs. Just then the phone begin to ring.

"Lay still. Don't move so I can finish when I come back." Joan told me as she got up to go answer the phone.

After a couple of minutes she came back into the room and moved back down to my legs. This time she worked her tight skirt up enough so she could kneel straddling my knees. She then began to draw lines up towards my hips. As she drew he lines I lay there trying to decide if what I thought I saw was real or if it was my imagination. I thought I had seen her naked ass as she walked past my head. Had she really taken off her panties?

"Have a better view?" Joan asked with a very wicked grin as she moved up to sit directly on my hips.

"I think so." was all I could manage to say while looking at the pink lips of her shaved pussy.

"See anything you like?" She questioned as she began a slow rocking motion on my erect dick. "I know you are attracted to me because of the way you look at me and the way you are always trying to sneak looks down my top and up my skirt."

By this time my dick was throbbing and all I could thing of was how much I would like to fuck Joan. Then the thought of my wife and children brought me back to reality. I almost panicked when Joan reached between us, unbuttoned and then unzipped my jeans while continuing to rock. Now I had never had a lap dance but if they were all like this I had really been missing out. Even though I was freaking out in some ways I still didn't say anything when Joan reached into my boxers and slipped my dick out. About the time my dick was out of my boxers and jeans, Joan arched her back and let out a loud moan signaling an intense orgasm. Holding my dick tightly between her slick pussy lips she rode it back and forth continuing to cum. The excitement of this caused me to cum also which of course felt amazing but was very messy with squirts of cum shooting on Joan's skirt and my shirt.

It was about that time we were shocked back to reality when her daughter's school bus stopped in from of the house. 

"We have to get up from here, Cindy is home from school! I'll go to my bathroom and you can go into the shop bathroom to clean the cum off of your shirt. I wish we had time to continue this but we don't. Get the disappointed look off your face because we will finish. Soon! I promise." Very quickly Joan got off me and headed down the hall to her room. Just as quickly I was on my way to the shop bathroom.

A few minutes later we were back in the shop. When I started to leave Joan assured me my robe would be ready the next morning and I should come by to try it on so if it needed any alterations she could do them before the evening. She also invited my wife and I to go to a Halloween party with her. (Her husband never went anywhere with her.) We shared a knowing smile and I went home.

The next morning was both an exciting and a nervous time. I could hardly wait for my wife to go to work so I could go to Joan's house. When I arrived she was almost finished with an early customer.

"Your Halloween robe is lying on the sewing machine in mine and George's bedroom. Why don't you try it on so we can see if it fits? You can change in the bedroom since no one else is home." Joan instructed.

Of course I had never been in Joan's bedroom before so it felt very strange going in there. When I started to pick up the robe something fell out of the folds. It was a pair of hot pink panties, which had obviously been recently worn. They were still moist and when I held them to my nose they had the smell of musk. I knew Joan had left them in order to tease me so I put them in my jean pocket before trying on the robe. Slipping off my shirt I tried the robe on. It fit perfect. When I walked into the shop a broad smile came across Joan's face.

"I think it fits perfect. What do you think?" she asked.

"I think it's great! It's just what I wanted." I told Joan. Walking over to her I kissed her on the cheek and said, "Thank you very much!"

Joan couldn't resist having me turn around so she could see it from all sides. She also just had to touch it. Sliding her hand down the front she discretely pinched my nipple. "Where is you shirt?" she asked.

"I took it off. Since it's so warm today and probably will be tonight I doubt I wear anything under it except a pair of shorts so I wanted to see how it would fit without the shirt." I responded as I started toward her bedroom to change back. As soon as I was changed I went back to Joan's shop, thanked her, kissed her on the cheek again and left with my new robe to go home. I couldn't wait for the evening so I could wear it.

My wife and I stopped by Joan's house just before dark so we could pick her up and drive to the Halloween party. When we arrived 20 minutes later all three of us were shocked. The house was decorated to the max. There was an old hearse parked in the driveway with an open coffin next to it on the ground. When someone walked by the coffin the body inside would sit up and startle them. On the other side of the yard was someone dressed as a witch stirring a smoking cauldron. After mingling for a short time we decided this was an awesome party.

Of course you know I was wearing my new robe. I also wore the mask of a very old man with long stringy white hair and rubber gloves that looked like very wrinkled old hands. My wife was wearing a 1950's man's suit and tie. She also wore a grotesque mask with a mouth opening where she could smoke a large stogie cigar. Joan was wearing a very sexy black witch's costume with a neckline that plunged almost to her waist. It had seamed black fishnet hose held up with red garters and very tall 'fuck me' heels. Her costume was so short I could only imagine whether she has panties on or not. She also wore a red lace pushup bra that was very visible under her costume. A couple of time as we mingled I was certain I caught a glimpse of her areolas. 

We soon became separated in the crowd of ghosts, witches and other spooky creatures of the night. As I took my place over by the hearse watching the fun I didn't notice Joan come around the back of the hearse and walk up behind me.

"I thought I told you not to wear these." she whispered in my ear as she lifted the back of my robe and snapped the waistband of my shorts.

"You know I couldn't get away with leaving the house without shorts on under my robe." I told her.

"Well, you're going to have to go home without them." Joan said as she pulled the down to my knees. "Now step out of them." she told me as they fell around my feet.

"Are you crazy?" I asked.

"Yes! Crazy about you." Joan assured me.

Since I had nothing in my pockets and didn't want anyone to see me standing there with my shorts around my ankles, I stepped out of them. Just as Joan kicked them under the hearse several of her friends walked up and began to chat with her. Even though 4 or 5 people were standing around the front of the hearse I remained on the side with Joan standing beside me. She stood there with her hand under my loose robe stroking my growing erection. There was nothing I could do without attracting unwanted attention so I stood there quietly as she talked. Finally they walked away leaving Joan and I alone. 

"You know Torrie suspects I want to get in your pants, don't you?" Joan asked.

"Well, she doesn't have to worry about that right now does she?" I responded.

"No she doesn't. This is all she has to worry about." Joan said as she had me turn more towards the back of the hearse before she dropped to her knees in front of me. Lifting the hem of my robe over her head Joan allowed it to drop down until she was completely hidden. Ever so slowly I could feel her lick the length of my dick before sucking me into her hot mouth. Deeper and deeper I went each time she sucked. Soon she was soon taking me deep into her throat. I didn't last long before I shot my load down her throat. Joan continued sucking until I was totally spent. Just about that time, my wife Torrie walked up to the other side of the hearse.

"This is a great Halloween party, isn't it?" Torrie asked.

"Yea. Really great!" I managed to say with a forced smile.

"Is something wrong?" she questioned.

"No. I'm just standing here watching all the women in sexy costumes." I told her.

"There are some really sexy ones here. Did you notice how sexy Joan looked? If I were a man I would think she looked good enough to eat. Hell, I'm not a man and I think I might eat her if I got the chance." Torrie surprised me by saying.

"You're right. She is very hot this evening." I agreed

"Have you seen her? I thought I saw her over her talking to some people" Torrie asked.

"She disappeared almost immediately after her friends walked off. Do you want me to tell her you are looking for her if I see her?" I asked. Just about the time Joan heard me say that I felt her gently bite the head of my slowly shrinking dick.

"Yes. Tell her I went in the house looking for her." Torrie said as she walked off.

Once she had given Torrie a few seconds to walk away, Joan moved my robe from over her head and stood up brushing off her knees. "Well, fuck! How am I going to explain this?" she said looking at the runs in her hose. Looking down I saw she had torn the knees out of her hose as she sucked my dick.

"Sorry about your hose. Maybe you should take them off." I suggested.

"No. I'll just leave them on and say I tripped over something and fell on my knees if anyone asks. Let me tell you. That was hot hearing you talking to Torrie while I sucked you dick. Do you think she would really eat me if she had the opportunity?" Joan asked with a grin.

"I'm not sure. Maybe we'll get the chance to find out real soon!" I assured Joan. Looking around I took a chance and kissed Joan lightly on the lips. "Maybe you should go find Torrie and see just how sexy she thinks you are."

We left the party soon after that. One day soon I'll write and tell you the rest of the story.