 How the bitch had won I had no idea, the stupid contest had been in the bag! Keri is such a bitch; I know she fucking cheated some how.

The contest had been a cheer off, and not only did it get Keri captainship of the cheer squad of Galstonberry but to make things interesting they had spiced up the competition.

The loser had to go up to the haunted house at the edge of Galstonberry and Shady Water and spend the night, not just any night but Halloween, the anniversary of the night of the grisly murders over a hundred years ago.

The story was that the father had lost his wife years before in some accident and to relieve himself of sexual tension he would rape and beat his daughter. Then one Halloween night when he came to her, she killed him and then committed suicide. 

That was the story I had always heard at school, the thing was that the story continued that the ghost of the father would rape any girl who entered the house, and when he was done he would kill the girl.

Some said you had to give the ghost so much sex it lost its form, but no one had survived trying if any had tried.

Jennie tried to remind herself that she didn't believe in ghosts, but it didn't help as the moon rose up in the Halloween night sky.

I stepped up onto the rickety old porch and grabbed the doorknob, it was open!

I slowly stepped inside and closed the door behind myself.

The first room was small just an entryway really, I stepped into the next room with small steps trying to disturb as little dust as possible. This room was quite large, with doors on both side, and a staircase going up to the second floor.

It was fucking dark; thank god the moon was mostly full! I can't believe I forgot to bring a flashlight, oh well don't want to announce my presence.

I slowly worked my way along the wall, until I reached the doorway to my right, I looked in but it was just an empty room that may have once been a dining room. There was another room beyond it, but the floor had broken through and there was no way to cross the hole safely.

I made my to opposite door, when I thought I heard something up stairs. I looked up but didn't see anything so I continued on through the doorway. 

I looked into the room and it was a mess of broken furniture piled up on one wall, I thought there might be a door behind the pile but there wasn't any way to it so I backed out of the room.

As I exited, I thought I saw a light moving along the second floor.

Despite my fear, my curiosity won and I slowly made my way up the stairs.

I definitely saw the shape of a person glowing in the farthest doorway and as I gasped in shock there was a flash of light and then complete darkness.

Part of me was yelling " Jennie get the fuck out of there!"

The other part was saying, " I wonder what that was?"

I listened to the second part and continued up the stairs as I reached the top I noticed a bluish glow in one room, and then the figure of a man.

It was the ghost father! There was no way I could get down the stairs fast enough without breaking my neck, so I did what any sensible cheerleader would do.

I pounced him before he could react! 

I immediately found the ghost's hand on my breast and I knew I had to act quickly before he could take control, and then I would be at its mercy.

I quickly fished out his cock, and slipped it into my mouth. It immediately got hard.

If anyone could wear a ghost out it was me! I could make my boyfriend cum in less than thirty seconds using my mouth!

I sucked for all that I was worth! 

I began by sliding my mouth up and down on his shaft as quickly as I could bob my head, keeping tight suction for as long as I could hold my breath, then I'd breath in from my nose and repeat the suction. 

I hoped this would bring him to orgasm quickly as I couldn't keep it up long and once he'd cum... well my boyfriend couldn't do anything after a blow job like the one I was giving this ghost!

After several deep breathes he was still not cumming, I had to slow down before I passed out and was killed for an incomplete performance!

I began to let my lips slide lightly along his cock, when I reached the top I swirled my tongue around the head of his cock. On the down stroke I allowed the head to slip down my throat, this ghost had a bigger cock than my football player boyfriend, and I had to swallow it a little to get it down past my gag reflex.

How long could it possible hold out, I knew it was a ghost but well it was still a guy.

Then he rotated beneath me, not taking his cock from my mouth, but when he got his head near my legs he lifted my right knee and slid his head under me.

I was unsure about what he was doing, but I soon felt a hand up under my cheer skirt. Then I felt a second hand both grabbed the waistband of my panties.

I tensed reflexively, but the ghost seemed insistent and there was no way it would be satisfied if I didn't do as it wanted so I relaxed and allowed him to remove my panties in hopes he would be satisfied using his fingers and not want to fuck me.

I was so scared, I probably wouldn't be very pleasurable for him as I was as dry as could be down there.

Then I felt something unexpected. 

Something soft and wet brushed against the outer lips of my pussy. I didn't immediately realize what it was until it slid along my slit again this time a little deeper.

He was licking me? I had asked my boyfriend to use his tongue on me because I heard it felt good, he had said 'real men don't lick pussy' and 'no guy likes it', and 'it was always better for the girl to have a penis in her'.

God it felt good! 

He slowly slid his tongue down my slit, and then slowly back up, pushing it slightly deeper with every pass.

Despite my fear I began to feel myself get wet.

His tongue began circling my clit and then sliding down my slit until he reached my hole, then he circled that and slid back up to the top of my slit to once again circle my clit.

It felt so good! I had never felt anything like this tongue on my vagina and I was having a hard time concentrating on the blowjob I was giving.

Then he suddenly switched techniques and began concentrating his tongue on my clit.

He slid it around, and then over, then he sucked it into his mouth and sucked on it. He released my clit and began to flick it with his tongue, and then he circled it some more.

I soon found my hips humping back into his tongue with a will of their own as my orgasm quickly approached.

My orgasm crashed over me like a tidal wave over a rowboat, I had to let his cock slip from my mouth so that I could scream with the force of the orgasm as my legs clamped down his head.

As soon as I was capable I quickly resumed sucking on his cock. I had to bring him off soon!

He continued licking my pussy, but now he was pushing his tongue into my vagina. It felt so good I wanted to just relax and enjoy, but I feared that it might upset the ghost. 

Thankfully while the tongue sliding in and out of me felt good it did not seem to have the danger of bringing orgasm close with it.

I began to feel relief as I started to taste pre-cum seep from his cock. I was amazed out how he had lasted.

Then he began to stoke my clit with a finger and he continued to use his tongue on my hole. 

It felt fucking incredible and I knew this would bring on another orgasm quickly.

Then I felt his cock begin to twitch in my mouth, and then with a spurt his cum shot into my mouth. 

I quickly began swallowing it, and knowing how my boyfriend said it was the job of the girl to get every bit of cum out at the end of the blowjob I continued to suck his cock, trying to finish off his flow.

Suddenly as I was still sucking on his cock I felt yet another orgasm hit me. This time I kept my mouth on his cock as I screamed into.

He was still leaking a little so I continued to slide it in and out of my mouth as it softened.

Then he started to harden up again! My boyfriend said it was impossible for a guy to get hard immediately after sex!

My mouth was sore and tired, and if he wanted more there was only one way to go now.

I let his cock slip free from my lips and I slowly crawled forward.

I grabbed his cock and lined it up with my pussy, and then slowly sat back on it.

I continue pushing down on it until I had the entire length buried in me. 

He had felt larger in my mouth than my boyfriend, but my pussy could really tell the difference, I almost came the moment I had him all the way in me.

I concentrated on not letting myself cum; I didn't think I could take another.

I slowly began to slide myself up and down on his cock, the straight up and down movement with me facing away from him always got my boyfriend off quickly. 

To insure my success I used a new trick I had recently learned. I began tightening my vagina muscles on the down stroke and relaxing them on the up.

I felt his hips rise up to meet me, and I heard him groan and I knew it was working.

Then I felt his ghostly hands on my ass. He brushed my cheeks lightly and it made me feel slightly shivery.

Then he slid his finger along my ass crack, when his finger brushed my anus it caused me to shiver and whimpered a little in fear.

He took his hand away for a moment, then I felt something wet touch my anus. Then he pushed it in and I realized it was he finger. 

I gasped in shock.

Then as he began to move it in and out of my house I was surprised to find I liked it. I began to speed up riding his cock.

He began to wiggle his finger inside me and that was more than I could take.

Once again I felt myself cumming and I screamed. It was a whole new sensation with something in my ass and pussy. 

Suddenly I felt his cock twitch in my pussy and then I felt his cum shoot up into me as I was continuing to ride out my orgasm.

It was the most draining orgasm of my life, and as his finger slipped out of me I collapsed forward, exhausted.

If I hadn't succeeded in draining the ghostly father, I had given it my best effort.

I felt exhaustion take me and I slowly blacked-out and it seemed that the ghost, his cock and in fact the entire room faded away.