 Dave awakens with a slight start, but his mind still feels foggy. It was still night, though the moon had moved significantly in the sky. Had it all been a dream? Had it even been real?

Well the fact that his penis was still hanging out of his pants seemed to prove it had either been real or he had masturbated to his imagined sexual encounter.

A sexual encounter with a ghost?

Then he felt his leg brushed by something. 

His heart jumps instantly into his throat, before beginning its sprint to pound its way out of his chest.

Slowly he gropes around until he finds his portable T.V.. Flipping the switched reveals that the batteries had either died, or it was broken due to the tackle of that ghost.

Steeling his nerves he slowly gets up on his knees, and there laying on the floor.... A girl!

Despite the eeriness of the only illumination being from the moon, which was now at a level where it could shine right into this room, this was no ghost but a very human girl.

Slowly David reaches out and brushes her hair from her face.

Her eyes snap open and she screams in absolute terror. 

" Calm down, are you the girl?"

" I'm Jennie, are you the father? You're not going to kill me are you?"

" The father? My name is Dave, I'm a senior at Shady Water High School."

" You're not a ghost?" Jennie asks, her voice still showing suspicion.

" Not unless someone killed me recently, but if I am then likely you are too." Dave responds with a reassuring smile.

" What are you doing here?" Jennie says in an accusatory tone.

" I took a dare, I think it nearly got me killed."

" You too?" Jennie asks her eyes wide.

" You took a dare?" Dave raises his eyebrows in doubt.

" More like I lost a bet." Jennie says as she grimaces. " I was cheer captain at Galstonberry High School. The co-captain wanted my spot, we got into a fight and to up the ante a bit we added spending a night here for the loser. I lost."

" Sorry to hear that." Dave says sincerely.

" So what some guy just dared you and you came up here?"

" Yeah pretty much, I was talking about how there is no such thing as ghosts and well one thing led to another..."

" There are ghosts!" Jennie says emphatically.

" How do you know?"

" I saw one here tonight. It ravaged me until I passed out."

" You were raped by a ghost too?" Dave asked in shock.

" A guy can be raped?"

" A guy can be used for sex against his will yes."

" What happened?" Jennie asked

" Well I thought I saw something but when I turned I broke my flashlight, then I cam back to get another light to use. The moment I turned it on I was tackled! I thought I was being attacked, but the ghost immediately opened my pants and began sucking my cock!"

" That sounds like something a guy would like." Jennie says simply, trying to not notice that Dave was starting to bulge as he recalled his story.

" I won't deny that I was excited by it, but I also concerned, I mean if this girl died wanting sex that bad, then if I disappointed..." Dave says.

" I see your point." Jennie concedes.

" Well she was very good, best blow job I have ever felt doing everything I could possibly like, and I was worried about shooting off too soon, so I got turned around so I could use my tongue."

" You like to lick a girl?" 

" Yeah, of course, what guy wouldn't?" Dave asks his face showing clear confusion.

" I know of at least one." Jennie grumbles.

" Well, any way she seemed to get into it and I made her cum! But then she just kept going on me. So I kept going on her, but I couldn't hold out much longer than that and I came. I continued licking and fingering her and she did cum again, I figured that was the end but..."

" She still wanted more?"

" Exactly, she got off my face and onto my cock. She rode me until we both came again, and then I passed out. I thought for sure I was dead, but didn't have enough energy left to care."

" Her father did almost the same to me."

" Really? He attacked you and everything?"

" Well, no... The legend at my school paints him as rapist, and if he takes a girl he rapes and beats her. The only chance for the girl it to force him in a submissive position and wear him out. I mean I saw a light when I was down stairs, and then it flashed and disappeared. Then I saw the blue light and I knew it was he so I pounced. I began to suck him off the way my boyfriend likes, and I thought I was going to get him off quickly but then he moved so that I was on his face. He licked me and I've never been licked before, it felt so good...."

" Never licked before? But you give your boyfriend blowjobs? That isn't a fair exchange." Dave states.

" Well I thought... Well it doesn't matter what he convinced me of, I want more of that! Well anyway, I came, but I kept sucking on him, and then he resumed licking me! I barely got him off in my mouth before I came for the second time. At that point my mouth was so tired... I just couldn't suck him off anymore; he was so much larger than my boyfriend and lasted longer in my mouth than my boyfriend ever did... So I let him enter me, I rode him to keep him from taking control but still..."

" You liked it didn't you?" Dave asks, squirming a little as his cock was uncomfortably hard.

" I did." Jennie admits, " I guess it's a bad sign when a ghost is better sex than my living boyfriend."

" Well my ghost was better than any girl I've been with."

" Well I rode him, and then he started paying with my ass. I have never had anyone touch me back there and at first I was wary, but I figured, give him what he wants and he'll be happier. Thing is, when he pushed his finger into me I liked it! God it felt good having his finger in my ass and his cock in my pussy. We both came again, and then I was so tired... I thought I was going to be killed in my sleep but I couldn't do anything else, I just fell asleep on top of him."

Jennie then looks at Dave and she sees a big grin on his face.

" What's so funny?"

" Neither one of us was accosted my a ghost." Dave says with a smile.

" But I just told you..."

" Didn't you listen to my story? They are almost exactly the same, except the point of view and sex of the ghost. I'm your ghost and you're mine!"

" What?!"

" That bright flash of light was probably when I broke my flashlight, and the blue light... I didn't say it, but my second light was actually a portable T.V. which would give off a blue light."

Jennie looks caught between laughter and fury, in the end laughter won out. She and Dave both start laughing hysterically with the sudden release of stress and fear.

" Feel like such an idiot!" Jennie gets out between large gulps of air and laughter.

" You and me both, I'm the one who came in here not believing in ghosts!" Dave says as he gets up to sit against a wall so he had something to lean against.

Jennie crawls over to sit beside Dave, and leans against the wall as well.

" Well, I guess there is no harm in spending the rest of night here together. I don't think that cheats on either of our deals." Dave says. " You bring anything with you?"

Jennie shakes her head, " Never went camping, so don't really have anything. You still have your T.V.?"

" 'Fraid we may have broken it when you tackled me. You're pretty strong!"

" Cheerleading requires a lot of work, we work out nearly as long as the foot ball team."

" I play soccer, I hate those football assholes who think they are the only ones who work at their sport."

" Yeah, my boyfriend is on the football, he thinks us girls just shake our pom-poms, and do a little dancing, but..."

" You haven't had a single good thing to say about the guy tonight, why you with him."

" Well I didn't think he was bad at sex until... Well you really were as good as I said. He is a bit controlling but our families have been friends for so long it just seemed he was who I was supposed to be with."

Dave smiles and even blushes a little at the compliment. " You were fabulous, best I have ever been with."

Now it was Jennie's turn to smile and blush shyly. " Thanks."

Dave openly admires Jennie; she had long dark hair currently tied back in a ponytail save for the few stray wisps that floated near her face. She had a heart shaped face, with beautiful bright green eyes, reflecting the now bright moonlight. Her lips were soft and full, no wonder she gave a great blowjob! Her legs stretched out from her and seemed to go forever, her thighs were tight and lean, and led up to her hips, which promised that her ass was equally exquisite. Her breasts were perfectly pert B's and for a moment Dave feels hypnotized watching their rise and fall as Jennie continued to catch her breath from their 'bout of laughter.

She catches his stare, and blushes again, " What are you looking at?"

" You." Dave states.

" Don't look at me, I'm a mess."

" I can't help it, you must be the most beautiful girl I've ever met."

Jennie blushes again, from beneath her eyelids she glances Dave over. He was tall, taller than her boyfriend John, but not as bulky. Dave while not gangly like a basketball player but still lean, she could tell soccer players must be in at least as good a shape as the football players by the muscle tone of his legs alone. His light brown hair dangled a bit in front of his face and gave him a slightly goofy appearance, but his blue eyes were so dazzling... matched with his easy going smile she could see him as being very attractive.

" So, you lost your cheer match and so you had to come up here for the night to be raped and murdered?"

" Yeah, sounds kind of stupid, but it didn't seem to be any worse than the loss of being the captain."

" So what did your cheer match involve?"

" I could show you." Jennie offers as she stands up.

" Sounds good." Dave says with a smile.

Jennie stands in front of Dave with her legs together, her hands clasped and her head down.

" Ready? Okay!"

Jennie claps her hands together, and throws her head up, with a big smile. She then begins a routine mostly with hand movement, but then she does a high kick, and Dave's eyes lock on her.

Jennie was still not wearing her panties, which were probably somewhere in this room, and when she did her kick her pussy was immediately visible, and Dave's cock got instantly hard.

Jennie seemed completely oblivious that Dave's attention had become locked on her crotch, most guys when watching a cheer routine paid attention to the breasts that tended to bounce around.

It took several kicks before Jennie noted where Dave's attention was centered, and then she remembered the state she had been before. She stumbles a moment in shock and surprise, but something inside eggs her on.

Jennie, begins to improvise her cheer motions, she spins a few times allowing her skirt to fly up revealing everything below it. She does several jumping splits so she was open wide in the air.

The entire time Dave's eyes remain trained on her, and as Jennie notices the size of the bulge in his pants she feels herself get excited. 

She finally ends the routine doing a standing split, with her left leg braced against the wall above Dave's head. She breathes deeply catching her breath as Dave stares up into her open snatch.

Dave then sits up, leans forward, and does exactly what Jennie had been hoping for.

Dave delicately reaches out his tongue and glides it against the moisture just starting to collect on the lips of her vagina.

Jennie sighs at the slightly tickling sensation of such a light touch. Her breath catches as she feels his tongue probe deeper along the folds of her pussy.

Slowly Dave slides his tongue ever deeper into her slit until he is brushing around her clit on the up stroke, then across it on the down stroke until he reaches her hole where he slides his tongue in slightly before sliding it back up her slit.

Jennie starts to feel her legs getting wobbly with the sensations his tongue were pulling out of her and begins to feel herself torn between the need to maintain the contact of that tongue and her concern that she would fall.

Dave answers her concerns almost as if her read her mind. He reaches his arms up and wraps them around her waist. He gently braces her and she lowers her left leg from the wall, then she bends her leans and leans forward as he pulls her crotch to his mouth and they both lean against the wall.

Jennie could hold this position for a long time, and wanted to as Dave's tongue continued to work its magic on her. 

Dave slowly circles Jennie's clit with his tongue while his hands hold her ass each cupping one cheek pulling her to him. He wanted to devour her like no other girl he had ever been with.

Dave sucks Jennie's clit between his lips and squeezes it as his tongue flicks the tip of it.

Jennie moans a soft little moan as her hips begin to slowly gyrate against his tongue and lips. Jennie groans even louder as she feels Dave slide a finger into her as his mouth continue to work her clit.

Dave slowly slides his finger in and out of her vagina, then he adds a second finger slowly fucking her with them as he continue to play with clit with his tongue.

Jennie starts to feel her orgasm slowly build from deep within her, this was very different from the one or two orgasms she had experience with John. It was also different from the three orgasms Dave had given her earlier.

Before they had both been trying to get the other person off as rapidly as possible while holding themselves back. Now Jennie just relaxed, and let the sensations come, as they will as Dave paced them.

Dave was working her slowly; as he felt her orgasm approaching by the urgency in her hip movements he released her clit from his lips, and gently lapped it with slow licks of his tongue while he continued to slowly finger fuck her vagina.

Jennie's hips move of their own volition slowly humping against Dave's face and fingers, she didn't feel in control of her own body and enjoyed the sense of lack of control.

Slowly Dave increased the tempo of his fingers pushing in and out of her, and in time increased the pace that his tongue around, and over Jennie's clit.

Slowly the warm feeling spread from her vagina and engulfed her entirely, she was riding on the crest of wave of pleasure like a surfer rode an ocean wave.

Jennie moaned softly as the sensations carried her and then slowly they began building even higher. 

Dave slowly presses the thumb of his free hand against Jennie's puckered asshole not trying to enter, simply applying pressure.

Suddenly Jennie lets loose a scream and almost violently she grinds her pussy against Dave's mouth.

Dave hungrily laps up her juices as they flow from her, and as she calms he pulls his fingers from her vagina and replaces them with his tongue so he could enjoy her more.

Feeling she couldn't take any more Jennie slowly pushes Dave's head away, and lowers herself to her knees straddling his lap. 

Jennie leans forward to Dave and places her lips to his. For their first kiss she was tasting herself for the first time. The kinkiness of it all caused her to moan into the kiss as his tongue gently probed hers.

Slowly Jennie disengages herself from the kiss, feeling the need to repay his pleasuring. She pulls his pants down to his ankles smiles up at him before taking his penis in her hand and steering it to her lips.

Jennie's eyes captivate Dave as she stares up at him. She places the tip of his cock against her smiling lips. She then kisses the head where pre-cum was already leaking out.

Jennie then slides her tongue down the underside of his shaft, tilting her head to the side so she can continue to watch his expression. Dave's eyes close slightly as his lips part slightly to let a gasp escape but she could tell he was still watching her.

Jennie lets her tongue glide down his ball sack to his left nut. She gently coats it with her saliva; she then sucks it into her mouth and lets her tongue swirl around it. Dave moans appreciatively.

Jennie lets the single testicle slide from her mouth, slowly dropping from her lips before she traces her tongue back up the underside of his shaft back to the head, which was leaking even more pre-cum.

Dave can't stop watching this beautiful girl pleasuring his cock with her mouth. Her tongue felt so good, and he had never had a girl give him a blowjob she wasn't in a hurry to finish.

Jennie engulfs the head of Dave's cock in her mouth, and she smiles around it as she circles it with her tongue, and Dave moans a little louder as his hips buck up trying to push more of his cock into her mouth.

Jennie's mouth felt incredible on Dave's cock and she only had the head of his cock past her lips, the massage her tongue was giving the head of his cock was nearly enough to make him blow his load already.

Slowly Jennie inches her mouth down Dave's cock. She slides about two inches into her mouth then pauses to let her tongue slide over every bit of flesh in her mouth, and then she would back off an inch before pushing down another two inches and repeating the pattern.

Jennie has Dave's hips dancing up from the floor long before she has gotten his entire length into her mouth, he really was quite large, probably 9 or 9 1/2 inches long and an 1 3/4 to 2 inches across. She slowly lets the head of his cock to slide down her throat. 

Dave watches her in amazement as the entire length of his cock disappears past Jennie's lips and her chin rests against his balls. She then starts to swallow around his cock, massage the top portion of his cock and causing his hips to buck once again.

Jennie slides her lips back up the shaft of his cock to the head, then she slides it back down her throat quickly causing Dave to gasp again. She slides back up his cock halfway and smiles up at him.

Dave watches her, his cock growing even harder as she slowly begins to bob her head up and down his shaft, as she watched him. He then feels the fingers of one hand lightly stroke and massage his balls and he moans again in pleasure.

Jennie continues to play with Dave's balls as she bobs her head up and down on his cock. She could tell my the rhythmic thrusting of his hips up to meet her mouth and the slow pulsing twitch of his cock in her mouth that he was very close to cumming.

Remembering what Dave had done to her before, and feeling daring Jennie lets her hand lightly brush down from his balls to between his legs. As she continues to bob her head she slides a finger along his ass crack as she brushes his anus his whole body trembles and his cock twitches violently as goose bumps pop up along his thighs, and Dave moans very loudly.

Dave had never been touched back there, but as Jennie continues to lightly touch his asshole he relaxes into the vibrations elicited through out his body. His whole body seemed center on Jennie' attention, his hear and cock pulsed to the same beat, and he knew his orgasm was inevitable.

Jennie places her thumb against his anus and pushes against it as Dave had done to her. 

Dave lets out a roar, as he felt the cum flow up from his balls and rush through his cock to shoot into Jennie's mouth. Dave's hips bounce up into the air fucking her face with his cock as spurt after spurt of cum splashes into her mouth.

Jennie swallows as quickly as she can, but is surprised by the amount of cum Dave is still shooting and some squeezes past her lips.

Slowly Dave's hips slow their bucking and as Jennie takes her thumb from his anus she slowly cleans his cock with her tongue causing Dave to continue to twitch beneath her. 

Although he starts to soften, Jennie smiles as she suddenly feels his cock re-harden in her mouth. She lets his cock slip free of her lips and she crawls forward.

She had gotten really turned on sucking on him, watching the expressions on his face as she pleasured him and now she just had to have him in her. 
