 The guy I've been dating briefly is going out with some buddies on Saturday, so I decided to attend a Halloween Costume party at a local bar that night. Deciding what to wear was the hard part. I have always had a sexual fantasy of dressing like a hooker, but it isn't something easily fulfilled... Halloween seems the perfect time to dress up and not raise any eyebrows. 

I really wanted to look the part so I bought a black latex skirt and a pair of crotchless fishnet hose. The skirt was shorter than I would normally wear, but for my costume it was perfect. I found a skimpy dark red halter-top that revealed my midriff and some gaudy hoop earrings and a necklace at the goodwill. I rented a long brunette wig from a costume store. The finishing touch came from a girlfriend who loaned me a pair of black boots. They came to just above my knee and flared slightly at the top. I spent two evenings at home walking in them, just to get used to the stiletto heels. 

My clothes lay on the bed, while I applied a liberal amount of base makeup. After pinning up my mass of blonde hair I bent over and positioned the brunette wig on my head. I flipped my head back and looked in the mirror, thinking I didn't look half bad as a brunette. The black latex skirt fit my hips like a glove and my full C cup breasts filled out the red halter-top nicely. The air caressed my pussy lips because of the crotchless fishnet stockings. The skirt was short but my ass wasn't hanging out so at least I wouldn't be arrested for indecent exposure. This was actually becoming fun. I could play the part of a hooker, fulfill my fantasy and everyone would think it was in the spirit of Halloween.

I went back in the bathroom and finished my makeup. Using black eyeliner I accented my eyes and put on some fake eyelashes. Even though I was playing a hooker I didn't want to look too trashy. I took my time and placed a few rhinestone gems along my eyelids, going for the runway model, eccentric look. I accented my deep brown eyes with dark eye shadow; then used lip liner and a shade of red lipstick that matched the dark red halter-top.

After I put the boots on, I stood in front of the full-length mirror to see how the costume looked. It really wasn't that bad. The classy approach on the makeup turned out pretty nice. The stiletto heels on the boots gave me an extra 5" of height. I felt confident while I moved and strutted around, in front of the mirror. 

Throwing a few things into a black patent leather clutch purse, I left for the bar in the city. There were no close parking spots; apparently a lot of people thought the costume party was a good idea. I found a spot in a parking lot, two blocks away. After locking my car I headed to the bar. I felt a little nervous because I was away from the well-lit main street. The dark storefronts that are normally busy during the day seemed menacing at night. When I got to the main street and turned onto that sidewalk. I felt safer. A few cars honked and a few guys shouted catcalls at me. I was very tempted to walk to the curb just to see if anyone solicited me for the night, but I continued walking to the bar instead. I know a few people that come to this bar, but decided I would not let them know my identity unless they figured it out. If no one figured out who I was, I could act like a hooker all night and not feel guilty the next time I saw them. 

People were standing inside the door; the place was packed. I paid the $5 cover charge that would help pay for the costume contest and entered. The bartender looked at me but I did not see any recognition in his eyes. Purposely I lowered my voice and spoke slower to order a Halloween drink concoction. 

"You look pretty hot. New to town?"

"Yeah," I said in my fake voice.

"There are a few guys here that may enjoy you."

"Good, I hope it's a very lucrative night."

Sauntering away, I knew he was watching me. I continued into the bar with drink in hand. A few women glared at me like I was a pariah, but for the most part everyone was laughing and having a great time. I didn't know some of them, but recognized a few people. The band played dance music so I went to the dance floor. A group of guys surrounded me, hooping and hollering while they made obscene gestures. I played along with them, dancing like a street hooker in all her glory. One of the guys approached me.

"How much do you charge?"

"Depends on what you want big boy?"

"I want it all!"

"That would cost you a hell of a lot."

"I'll pay. I promise."

"Yeah right, put your money where your mouth is."

"He held out $50 and shoved it in the front of halter top."

I walked off the dance floor into the men's bathroom. He followed me into a stall and closed the door.

"For $50 bucks I will give you a blow job."

"Awesome!"

He unzipped his pants while I grabbed his cock in my hand. I sucked him hard and fast.

"Oh shit, your suck good bitch!"

He must have been 10 years my junior, so I knew he was young, dumb and full of cum. His cock was like a rock. I stroked him at the base with my hand while I sucked the top half with my mouth. My cheeks went concave from sucking so hard. He pulled it out and shook it for a moment.

"Damn, slow down I want to enjoy this."

"You paid, I provide. I don't work on a time clock."

I grabbed his cock again and started sucking, stopping every now and then to stroke his male ego telling him what nice hard cock he had.

"I wanna fuck you!"

"That costs more."

"I already paid you $50."

"You got your blowjob too."

"I didn't cum."

"Tough shit, that's your choice. If you want to up the ante, it will cost you another $50."

He struggled in his wallet to get more money and a condom. It was obvious he drank a little too much by the way he swayed now and then. He handed me another $50, which I shoved in my halter-top. I grabbed his condom and rolled it over his throbbing cock and turned to place my hands on the bathroom wall, straddling my legs around the filthy toilet. He pulled up my skirt to find my crotchless fishnets.

"Damn, you really come prepared!"

He drove his cock into me, taking my breath away. I couldn't believe I was actually doing this. He wouldn't remember it in the morning anyway, but he would probably wonder what happened to all his money. He grabbed my hips and fucked me hard, grunting and moaning the entire time.

"For a hooker, you sure have a nice tight pussy."

"I aim to please big boy. Oh baby your cock is so big," I cooed, to drive him nuts.

He really did have a nice cock, and he fucked me hard, but I had to remain in character and not allow him to see that I was very excited with this experience. He grunted harder and louder right before he rammed his cock into me one last time. I felt him pulsing inside me, filling his condom. He almost passed out leaning over my back; it drained him in his drunken stupor. I straighten while his cock slid out; removed his condom and assisted him to pull up his pants. He tried to kiss me, but I stopped him.

"I don't kiss my clients."

"Oh come on, just one little kiss."

"No, not unless you want to pay me another $100."

"$100 for a kiss?!"

"Yep."

"Never mind, I think I'm broke already."

Reaching to undo the lock on the stall I slid by him and left. I passed someone coming in who eyed me but didn't stop me. I went back to the dance floor where his buddies were. When he came out of the bathroom he looked like he was almost spent for the night and went to their table to sit down. He talked to someone at the table, so I looked away and continued to dance my little hooker dance for the costume party. His friend at the table came to the dance floor and slipped between people to get to me.

"I hear you're a working girl."

"Maybe, maybe not."

This guy was closer to my age. I nodded my head toward their table. "He a friend of yours?"

"Yeah, my little brother."

"Oh, so you wanna fuck the same girl your little brother did?"

He grabbed my wrist and pulled me closer. In his other hand he flipped open a leather wallet with a police badge in it, then flipped it closed again. "No, I think I would rather arrest you for stealing his money while he's drunk."

Damn, I never thought of the ramifications of dressing up like a hooker, sneaking into the bathroom for a quickie and getting busted so easily. My heart was thumping in my throat, I stuttered slightly.

"I'm not really a hooker, I'm just dressed up for the costume party."

He reached inside my halter-top and withdrew the two $50's. "Then explain where the hell these came from."

"I guess he wasn't as drunk as I thought he was."

"What?"

"Never mind. Can we talk this over?"

"Sure, follow me."

He held onto my wrist, I suppose to keep me from bolting. We went out the front door of the bar onto the sidewalk. He looked both ways and pulled me the opposite direction that I came when I arrived. He kept looking around before he finally turned into an alley and dragged me into the shadows.

"What the hell are you doing?"

"Shut up bitch!"

"This isn't how cops arrest people. Besides you said you wanted to talk."

"The only talking I'm gonna do with you, is when I tell you to bend over."

"You can't do that."

"I can and I will, or else I will have you hauled in for prostitution."

"What are you saying?"

"I think you know what I'm saying."

"If I fuck you, you won't arrest me?"

"Yep. It's your choice. Jail or fucking."

"But I'm really not a hooker. I tried to tell you that."

"What you did in there was prostitution, plain and simple."

"You can have the $100, take it."

"Too late for that."

I tried to leave, but he grabbed me and shoved me against the brick wall. I screamed. He covered my mouth with his hand. Damn, what the hell did I get myself into. I was beginning to get scared now. He could rape me and leave me lying in the street. If they found me dressed like this it would be scandalous. I needed to think fast. I steeled myself and glared at him, trying to talk through his hand. He pulled it away.

"Don't you dare scream again bitch or next time I will deck you!"

"Ok, go ahead and fuck me, just get it over with."

"That's more like it."

He looked down the alley and pulled me further along, until he found a spot he liked. There was a wooden crate sitting beside the back door of a building, that he shoved me face first onto. My ass was fully exposed. He grabbed a condom out of his wallet and fumbled to put it on, hissing at me.

"Never can be too careful with you hookers. I don't want some disease."

"I told you I'm not a hooker."

"I told you to shut up!"

"You're what gives cops a bad name."

"You want slapped, bitch!?"

I shut my mouth and didn't say anything else. He grabbed my hands and pulled them behind my back to hold me in place. His fingers felt my pussy.

"Damn, I think you kinda like this, you're soaked."

He didn't mess around; he stood behind me and shoved his cock into my pussy hard and fast, then began pumping harder.

"Fuck, you must be new, your pussy is tight as hell!"

Grunting and perspiring he fucked me hard and fast while my body lay over the crate. His balls kept hitting my clit until I couldn't hold back any longer. I started to shake, then my body went into an all out orgasm.

"Shit, you are gonna make me cum bitch. Your pussy is milking me! Fuck you for making me cum so fast! Arrrrrrggggggghhhhhhhhh!"

He unloaded inside me while his fingernails dug into my wrists at my lower back. After he finished he lay against me a brief moment then stood and removed the loaded condom; tossing it into the dark alley shadows.

"I'm gonna walk back in there and you are gonna get the hell out of here. If I see you again I will haul your ass to jail. Do you hear me?"

"Yes Sir."

He staggered away and went back to the bar. I stood up and brushed the dirt off my clothes from the crate and heading out of the alley. I had fulfilled my slutty fantasy and then some. It was different talking money for sex, but at least I knew what it felt like now. Rounding the corner I had the two dark blocks to cover before I got to the safety of my car. 

The hair on my neck stood up, damn it was creepy along the side street. Just my luck, two real cops in full uniform were walking directly toward me. I should have felt safe but in my outfit I knew better. I cut across the street to avoid them but they followed me. They didn't tell me to stop so I kept walking, but I could tell they were making headway. I prayed that I could get to my car soon. I saw it in the distance. When I got to it I realized I had left my purse in the bar. My keys were in my purse. Banging my hand on the trunk I screamed inwardly.

"Is something wrong here?"

"No, I was just on my way home and left my purse in the bar. My keys are in it."

"Hummm, ok, so this is your car?"

"Yeah."

He radioed the license number in and asked me my name. I told him and we both heard the dispatcher say that the car was registered in my name.

"Sounds like she is telling us the truth after all."

"May I go back and get my purse now?"

"Sure, just be careful out here dressed like that. A person never knows."

"Thanks." 

I walked back to the bar to get my purse when I saw the undercover cop. I hid in the hall leading to the restroom. He walked that direction so I ducked into the ladies room, panting, wondering what I was going to do. I heard laughter through a heating grate in the wall and listened. "Oh shit man, you should have seen her face she really believed I was a cop. It was funny as hell, but I have to say she had one hot fuckin pussy."

I went from scared to pissed in two seconds. That son-of-a-bitch, I thought. I walked out of the bathroom determined to have a great time with my newfound knowledge. I listened until I heard them leave then made my exit. I found my purse, then the dance floor. I was kicking up our heels when the make believe cop approached me.

"Didn't I tell you not to come back in here," he hissed.

"Yeah well, tough shit asshole, I'm here and I'm staying."

He grabbed my arm, "I warned you."

"You're a lying sack of shit. I know you aren't a real cop."

"Really, and what makes you think that?"

"The fact that I overheard you telling your friend. If you don't let go of my arm I will go find you're cum filled condom in the alley and have you arrested. Now leave me the fuck alone."

He turned and left me. After I had said my mind, I excused myself from the dance floor and headed back to my car. When I got closer I saw a police cruiser, close by, in the shadows. An unknown fear filled me but I pushed it aside since I had encountered them earlier and it was cool. I got in my car, started it and left. The cruiser followed me. I watched my speed closely so I didn't give them a reason to pull me over. When I got out of the city, and their jurisdiction, they continued to follow me. I turned down a private lane to head home and the police lights came on behind me. Shit, what did I do to cause this?

I pulled over and waited. The same officer walked up to my door.

"Please step out of the car."

"What did I do wrong?"

"Please step out of the car."

I turned off the car and got out. He grabbed me, "You need to come back to the cruiser."

"Yes Sir."

I walked with him to the cruiser. He motioned to his partner, who turned the lights off, then the cruiser. In the dark of night, on a back road, no lights, no motors running, I was definitely afraid.

"What are you doing?"

He came right up to my face. "You aren't a prostitute are you?"

"No, I was dressed up for the costume party at the bar." 

"Why did you dress like a prostitute?"

"I thought it would be fun."

"You think being a sexual object is fun?"

"Why did you pull me over?"

His partner got out, then another one got out of the back seat and yet a third stepped out of the other side. There were four of them now.

"What is going on here?" 

"We warned you about being out here dressed like this."

"But it was a costume party, nothing more."

"Perhaps you should have considered a different outfit."

"I'm sorry Sir."

"Sorry doesn't cut it. Only a slut at heart would consider wearing what you did tonight. We are going to teach you what a real slut feels like."

The other three officers walked toward us. The one speaking to me was the oldest, perhaps close to 50. I couldn't be sure but I knew he was older. The moon was the only light, but my eyes had adjusted enough to see the intent in their eyes. They were going to use me. What a horrible irony. Earlier I thought a cop had done this same thing, only to find out he was a fake. Now I was faced with the real thing. 

He pulled the handcuffs from his belt and slapped one end onto my wrist. I stood there not sure what to do. I couldn't run and I couldn't scream, it wouldn't have mattered. Instead I decided to make the most of the situation. I didn't think they would hurt me, but I prayed I wasn't wrong. I looked down at the cuff on my wrist.

"So you like bondage, eh?"

"Yeah, I do little girl. What do you know about bondage?"

"Enough."

He grabbed my halter-top and ripped it from my body, throwing it on the road. I gasped and covered my breasts with my other arm.

"You asshole, why did you do that?"

He laughed, "Because I can. What are you gonna do, call the cops?"

His partner walked up to me and twisted my arm behind my back. His other hand grabbed my tits and squeezed them.

"Damn, she has nice tits."

Another of the cops walked up and began sucking on my nipples.

"Does that remind you of your Mommy, little boy?"

He stood up and slapped me hard. "Shut up bitch."

The older officer spoke up, "I like the mouthy ones, bringin em back down to size."

He shoved a rag into my mouth and stood back laughing. The other cop began sucking and biting my nipples again while the one behind me grabbed my ass and worked his hand between my legs, spreading them apart. It was hard to keep my balance in the stiletto boots so I spread them to keep from falling. 

"You boys can have her, I'll keep watch and man the radio," the older man said.

One by one they grabbed me and dissembled my costume. They ripped the wig off. One of them picked me up, while I kicked and trying to scream through the rag. The other two pulled my boots off. My blonde hair fell down on my shoulders in the process. All that existed of my costume were the crotchless fishnet stockings and my fake eyelashes. They ripped the gaudy necklace from me but didn't touch the earrings.

"Damn, she's pretty strong for a little thing," one laughed.

The one holding me pushed me down on the hood of the cruiser. My face felt the remaining heat of the engine underneath. He pulled both wrists behind me and finished the process of cuffing my wrists together. Grabbing the chain in the middle he pulled back till my ass was in the air. I heard zippers and pants dropping simultaneously. One by one they fucked me, rotating to give each other breaks. 

They used me hard, my pussy ached. The older cop stood and watched with lust in his eyes. Occasionally he answered radio checks stating locations in town that they were supposedly at, but really weren't. I lost track of time but knew that at least an hour or so had to have passed. My pussy was on fire, but I was still excited for some reason. Another of my fantasies has been a rape scenario, but I always thought it would be a more controlled situation. This was the real thing. 

They had each cum and recovered to continue fucking me. Thank goodness their cum lubricated my sore pussy. I didn't have an orgasm, but my body twitched and shook from desire, like I was riding on the edge. I really wanted to cum but for some reason I couldn't. They each came inside me again and slowly started to drift away. One of them took the radio from the older cop, who walked toward me. 
