 Music lesson 5 

I had spent all week looking forward to my next music lesson. I had learnt that my teacher's first name was Guy, but knew I would not be able to refer to him by this as I still felt a little afraid and in awe of him. I sat nervously in the waiting area until the door opened and my teacher beckoned for me to come in... 

My heart melted at the sight of him and the memory of him fucking me on the settee during the previous week. Alas, he had turned away from me and was reaching for some sheet music. 

"Play this," he said, putting it onto a stand. I bent over to open my clarinet case, hoping that he would touch my bottom. No touch came however, and I stood and turned, clarinet pieced together ready to play. 

"I want you to play this well or there will be consequences!" he barked, settling himself onto a chair facing me. 

I had never seen the music before, began to feel afraid and doubt my own abilities. My legs began to tremble, and I looked at him with big pleading eyes. He looked back at me sternly and nodded towards the music. By now, my hands were trembling too and I knew my chances of playing well were nonexistent. 

Uncomfortable silence. 

"I haven't got all day!" he said impatiently. 

Predictably, I 'fluffed' the opening sequence horribly, and looked down at the floor in embarrassment. 

"Take off your shoes!" he ordered. "You will play better without them." 

I slid my shoes off, wondering what on earth he was up to. I put the clarinet to my lips and this time managed the opening sequence. Was it my imagination or did he look disappointed? I carried on playing, and after a minute or so got a sequence of notes in an utter muddle. I caught his eye, and thought he looked pleased and a little smug. 

"Jeans off!" he bellowed. 

Oh, I could see where this was going now, and felt a stir in my groin as I paused to undo my jeans and climb out of them. I looked up at him defiantly, but his stern facial expression jolted me a little and I began to tremble again. Surely this couldn't go on for too much longer? I had neglected to wear a bra (hoping he would notice as I was wearing a tight t-shirt), so only had two items of clothing left to go! 

I began to play once more, this time with a little more confidence and reached the end of the music. I looked at him defiantly again. My turn to be smug now perhaps. 

Silence. We stared at each other. 

He stood up, turned away and selected another piece of music which he placed on the stand. I looked at it and realised that the complexity was way beyond my level of ability. 

"This is not fair," I whimpered. "The music is too difficult!" 

"Play," is all he said in return. 

I looked at the music once more and didn't know where to start, and realised that my legs were trembling again. 

He stood up, walked over to me and explained that I was taking too much time dithering. I stood still, wondering what would happen next... 

I let out a gasp as I felt him gently pull my knickers down to my ankles for me to step out of. He didn't touch me, but returned to his chair facing me, sat down and commanded me to play. 

I found I couldn't play a note! I looked at him again pleadingly, feeling humiliated and scared but horribly excited standing there in just my little t-shirt with my foo-foo on display. I felt a tear of frustration run down my cheek. 

"Play for me," he demanded. 

"I can't!" I replied, resignedly removing my t-shirt and throwing it onto the floor crossly. 

I stood with my clarinet naked, looking at him. Another tear rolled down my cheek and I looked away, embarrassed. 

After what felt like an eternity, I plucked-up the courage to look at him once more. He looked at me and smiled, remained in his chair but undid his trousers to reveal a huge erection. Still looking at me, he began to touch himself, slowly stroking up and down. I couldn't stop looking, felt a gush of moisture between my legs, and began to shake... 

It was no good. I put my clarinet down on the floor, walked over to my teacher, leaned over and kissed him softly on the lips. Without breaking eye contact, I lowered myself onto his hard cock and wrapped my legs around his waist tightly, pulling him deep inside. He let out a sigh. I held him there not moving, still looking him in the eye. 

"You are cruel!" I whispered. 

"It makes you more beautiful," he replied. "Today, I want you to fuck me!" 

Still looking at him, I whipped his t-shirt off over his head, put my tongue in his mouth, and pressed my small breasts against his gorgeous hairy chest, rubbing them up and down whilst kissing him deeply. 

I unwrapped my legs from his waist, and straddled him, feet now on the floor and began to move slowly, then more quickly as my excitement grew. I reached behind my back and down with both hands as I fucked him, and cupped his balls gently at first and then more firmly as the pace quickened. 

Oh god, his cock was in the perfect place inside! I could feel him touching my spot... 

I let out a moan, quickened my pace, put my tongue in his mouth once more, squeezed his balls gently, sat down on him again and again as hard as I could! I knew I would not be able to last, knew he could feel my insides tightening around him, tightening excruciatingly! 

His breathing quickened, I could smell his sweat, his excitement... 

I knew I couldn't go on; bit him hard on the shoulder to stop myself from exploding. He bit me back and made me cry out in pain! 

I sat down one last time on his cock so hard that it hurt, but by this time the pleasure was so great that I cried out! He cried out! I could feel my insides explode against his cock! I bit him again, (had to hurt - serve him right!) I heard him cry out again, and then the movement slowed... 

Silence... 

We took a few minutes to recover. He then looked at me with a smile. 

"I will give you a more complex piece next week!" he chuckled. 

Music lesson 6 

Getting through the week between each lesson was getting more difficult. Each day seemed to drag slowly, and the anticipation prior to each lesson was inordinate! My teacher obviously enjoyed playing games, and had indicated that he would perhaps humiliate me once more by giving me music to play that was way above my level of ability. I gave this some thought and once again came up with a plan... 

I rolled-up for my next lesson having carefully dressed once more. My attire had been put together carefully. I was wearing boots, socks, knickers, jeans, bra, a little vest, t-shirt, a cardigan with lots of buttons and a jacket. It was not cold enough to add hat, scarf and gloves which was a shame. It would take him some time to get me out of all these clothes and I hoped to frustrate him! 

This week, the door did not open and my teacher did not appear. The starting time of my lesson came and went. There was no receptionist at the desk this week, so after a few minutes of waiting, I plucked-up the courage to knock. After a few seconds, a head appeared round the door, disappeared, and the door was opened. I walked into the room and the door was closed behind me. I turned, and let out a gasp of surprise and desire. He was naked, gorgeous and very obviously pleased to see me! 

"I though perhaps we shouldn't waste time this week," he said with a cheeky grin. 

He paused, looked at my many layers of clothing and his countenance darkened. 

"So, you intend to be difficult this week?" he asked. 

He didn't say anything more, but instead walked towards me, put both hands behind my head and pulled my face down onto his erect cock! I nearly gagged, and slapped his bare bottom hard, (it made a pleasing sound!) He recoiled and pulled away from me. 

"Not only have I had your teeth marks on my shoulder this week to cover-up, but now I'll probably have your handprint on my ass!" he exclaimed. 

"You shouldn't have been so rough with me," I replied. "Come here," I whispered. 

He remained motionless. He looked slightly less 'pleased to see me.' I walked over to him, kissed him softly on the lips and gently stroked his poor injured bum cheek. 

"I will make you better," I murmured, kissing him deeply and exploring his lovely bare bottom with both hands. I continued to stroke as I kissed, and slowly, carefully ran one finger between his cheeks, just brushing his tight opening. He gasped out loud, and I silenced him with another long kiss. 

My one hand continued to softly tease his bum, and I began to stroke his balls with the other. Almost imperceptible strokes, just moving the hairs on his balls, hardly touching, whilst I lazily ran a finger again between his cheeks once more, just touching his opening again lightly, then moving away. He began to sigh and beg me for more, but I just continued the soft stroking, finding it strangely exciting to be caressing a naked man whilst fully clothed myself. 

"Please darling, I can't take much more of this," he croaked. 

I knelt down on the floor so that my head was level with his groin, continued to stroke his bum, and began to lick his balls. Every now and again I would explore between his cheeks with my finger. Every time I lightly touched his asshole, I could feel his body tense and shudder with pleasure. I continued with the licking and stroking, completely ignoring his cock until his legs began to tremble. 

I paused, looked up at his pleading face, and then took his whole cock in my mouth and began to eat him, whilst continuing to caress his bum and using my other free hand to cup and stroke his balls which had contracted considerably. I could taste his juices beginning to flow, and gratefully lapped, loving the sensation and the taste. Licking, stroking, teasing, and caressing the whole length of his cock with my lips. 

I sensed he was close, cupped his balls, continued to eat his cock, but more quickly and firmly now, squeezed his bottom, felt him tense, heard his breathing rate increase, felt his legs shake. Licking, eating, stroking, squeezing, touching his asshole again. Suddenly he was still for a moment, then tensed again, thrust his cock further into my mouth, cried out and came hard and fast! Thrusting, crying out again, and gradually slowing, panting. I continued to lick his cock, but gently now, collecting all his spent juices, loving the taste of him, and loving that I'd been able to have this effect on him. 

I let him go and stood up. There was indeed and handprint on his bum. I felt quite proud of my work and quite amazed at how far I had come since the very first lesson when I was a little inexperienced 'mousy' lady. This gorgeous man had turned me into a woman. I looked at him and smiled. He smiled back. 

"I would like to see you for a proper date," he said still smiling. 

"I would like that too," I replied. "I don't appear to have been taught very much in recent weeks! Perhaps we can have a normal lesson next week!"