 Jess smiled to herself as she stepped from her car, hearing the party going on inside the house. Her older brother rented the place with his longtime best friend, Levi. Her brother Matt had called last week letting her know they were throwing a huge Halloween bash, and she could stop by if she wanted. She'd told him she'd think about it but hadn't confirmed with him. This would make it so much more fun, no one knowing what her costume would be.

Jess is a 19 year old sophomore at the local college. She's 5'6 with blue grey eyes and long ash blonde hair. Volleyball, tennis, swimming, and running have kept her in very good shape, so she definitely doesn't hurt for attention. She's dated plenty of guys, but there's been one guy she's wanted for years. She spent her adolescent years flirting with Levi, but he never even gave her a second glance. He thought of her as his best friend's little sister, and even if he had been interested her brother would have made him back off. Matt was super protective over her, especially around his friends. He'd tell her stories of their womanizing ways, hoping that would be enough to deter her from crushing on any of them. It hadn't stopped her though, she'd fallen hard for Levi. Maybe tonight would be the night he started looking at her in a different light. She smiled down at her costume; a bandeau top, very short skintight leather shorts with a zipper down the front, thigh highs, ankle boots, her hair up in high pigtails, and a black mask covering the top half of her face. She was one very sexy Harley Quinn and just hoped it would catch the right guy's attention. 

She sauntered into the house, scanning the crowd for her brother, knowing he'd drive her home himself if he caught her in this costume. Figuring it would be safe to head into the kitchen to make a drink, she noticed a few lusty stares following her body. Smirking, she pushed through the crowd and was standing next to the counter looking at her choices. She failed to notice a very delicious looking Batman standing on the other side of the kitchen, but he certainly noticed her. He stopped talking to a girl dressed as a slutty nurse as soon as he saw her, his eyes glued to the naughty little Harley Quinn. Jess made her drink and turned around, feeling eyes wander over her exposed body. When she looked around, she couldn't believe she hadn't noticed him sooner, especially with a costume like that. It was difficult to tell under the costume, but the guy had to be ripped. Tall and fit, just like she liked them. She didn't even stop to think about her goal for the night as she made her way over to the Dark Knight.  

"Well hello there Batman. Here to ruin my good time?" Jess asked, trailing her fingertip around the rim of the glass.

"I guess that will depend. Is Harley Quinn planning to behave herself tonight?" The guy chuckled, his deep voice rumbling through her.

"Oh definitely not. Tonight is the night to get a little wild," She said, moving her free hand up to his chest, giving him a teasing smile. 

The guy returned her smile, the top half of his face also covered in a black mask. She had no clue who he was, but that didn't matter. She was already feeling hot and bothered by this short exchange, but she decided to prolong the teasing. She slid her hand down his chest and abdomen, toying with the buckle on his utility belt.

"Well this has been fun. Maybe we'll run into each other later," She blew him a kiss and downed her drink, setting the glass on the counter. She turned and walked off into the crowd, giving her hips a little sway, knowing he'd have his eyes on her ass. She made her way to the dancefloor, moving her body to the beat. Closing her eyes and tilting her head back, she almost felt like she was alone. The alcohol was warming her blood, and naughty thoughts were making her whole body tingle. She slid her hands from her hips, over her breasts, and up over her head. The music was making the floor vibrate so hard, she felt it coursing through her body. Feeling someone grab her from behind, she kept her eyes closed and danced with him, feeling what could only be described as a masculine bulge pressing against her ass. Jess could swear she felt Batman's eyes on her again, almost as if he was willing her body to respond to him. She opened her eyes just as he began making his way through the crowd surrounding her, watching him give the guy behind her a look as he gripped onto her hips. The other guy let go, but she didn't even care enough to see where he'd gone. Her eyes were glued to this guy's, a naughty smile playing over her lips. He pulled her closer, their bodies pressed tightly together as he moved them to the new song blasting over the sound system. Jess could feel her nipples hardening as they danced together. She almost felt embarrassed by her body's shameless response to his closeness, getting turned on without much at all. She knew it wouldn't be long at all before she dragged this guy to a dark corner. That thought made her smile, and his hand gripped her chin and lifted her face to his. His lips were soft and warm, pressing against hers and coaxing a response from her. She kissed him back, enjoying the slow passion burning between the two of them in the middle of the party. She didn't care who saw them as she wrapped her arms loosely around his neck, pressing her body even more tightly against his. She pouted as he pulled away, his breath fanning her cheek as he calmed himself down. 

"I need you," He whispered in her ear, before flicking his tongue over her earlobe. She shivered as her mind screamed at her to take him. Instead she calmly nodded her head. His eyes lit up as he grabbed her hand, practically dragging her from the dancefloor and upstairs. He pushed his way into one of the bedrooms, slamming the door shut behind them. Jess was trying to adjust her eyes to the darkness before he flipped on a lamp, the soft light bathing the room. She breathed a sigh of relief when she noticed it wasn't her brother's bedroom, because he'd go ballistic if he caught her with someone. The guy came up behind her, his hands spanning her waist as he tugged her back against him. She could feel his warm breath tickling her neck as he leaned down, his tongue leaving a wet trail as he licked just beneath her ear.

"I don't know why I'm acting like this. I don't even know who you are," His deep voice breaking the silence in the room. Jess reached her arms back, grabbing the back of his head. 

"I feel the same way. I need you badly," She whispered, back arching as she pressed her ass back against him. He growled as slid his hands up over her breasts, squeezing hard enough to elicit a hiss from Jess. He yanked her top up over her head, her tiny silver nipple rings glinting in the dim light. He spun her around, his mouth dropping immediately to her dusky pink nipples. He used his teeth to tug at the piercings, causing soft whimpers to escape her. He pushed her back onto the bed, yanking her to the edge as his fingers found the zipper on her shorts. After pulling it down, he slowly pushed them down. As he removed them, he leaned forward, his nose brushing against her bare mound. She leaned up on her elbows, watching him and getting unbelievably turned on as he nuzzled her top of her pussy. Her shorts were quickly discarded along with her boots and thigh highs, leaving her naked except for her mask. The guy grabbed her ankles, spreading her long legs, and getting a good look at her sweet young pussy. She was waxed bare with plump pink lips already glistening with her juices. Feeling how slick she already was, she couldn't resist lifting her hips up off the bed as he just stared hungrily. Oh the look in his eyes as he looked up at her turned her body to liquid fire. He leaned down and gave her one long lick from her tight rosebud to her clit, making her thrust even harder off the bed. Jess couldn't have controlled herself if her life had depended on it, so intense were the feelings surging through her body. This stranger continued to run his tongue over her pussy, sucking her clit into his mouth every once in a while to make her gasp. She knew she wouldn't be able to hold out much longer when he pushed his tongue into her pussy, wriggling his tongue around and mimicking the act of sexual intercourse. He moved his thumb up to her clit, rotating it in a slow circle as he moved his tongue faster. She threw her head back, grinding her pussy against his face as she cried out, her orgasm roaring through her. 

"Oh, oh yes!" It was so strong, her eyes rolled back in her head as she continued to moan. Once he finally pulled away, she looked down at him. He smirked up at her as he wiped his face off. He stood up and began to remove his costume, revealing a body even more delicious than she had imagined. He touched his mask but chuckled and kept it on. Jess was far too distracted to notice at that point since she couldn't take her eyes off that cock. She quickly sat up and wrapped her hand around the base. She looked up at him as she flicked her tongue over the tip, smiling when she heard his sharp intake of breath. She licked her way down his thick shaft and back up, sucking the head into her warm eager mouth. It was at this point that he grabbed the back of her head, gently urging her to take more of him, so she happily obliged. She slowly sucked inch after inch of his impressive cock into her mouth until she just couldn't take any more. As his cock hit the back of her throat she hummed, cupping her own breasts as he groaned. She bobbed her head up and down on his cock for a few minutes until she felt herself dripping wet again. The masked stranger pulled her back by her hair, pulling her up to kiss her roughly. Before she could say anything, he reached around and cupped her ass tightly, pulling her up into his arms. As he walked them to the wall, she trailed kisses along his jaw enjoying the light stubble. The breath was almost knocked from her as he slammed her against the wall, using one hand to hold both her wrists above her head. The movement forced her back to arch and her breasts to thrust out. He seemed to enjoy this as he leaned back down to bite and kiss all over her chest, paying extra attention to her sensitive nipples. Using his hips to keep her pinned to the wall, he moved his free hand down to his cock, rubbing circles around her clit as he stared down at her with those hooded mysterious eyes.

"Tell me what you want little Harley," He said gruffly, continuing to tease her into a soaking wet mess.

"Just fuck me already," Jess couldn't believe she'd just blurted it out like that, having always been a bit more reserved than that when it came to sex. Not to say she was a prude, but this was a total stranger. He chuckled, pressing his cock against her tight wet hole, but not quite entering her.

"Oh I think you can do better than that," His words causing Jess to utter a primal sound from deep in her chest. She couldn't take the teasing any longer, needing him deep inside her.

"Please! I need you to pound me, to make me yours!" She cried out when her words had an instant effect on him. He slammed his cock all the way inside her without any hesitation. After entering her, he held still, allowing her a moment to adjust to his size.

"Fuck you're so damn tight. There's no way I'm going to last long," He gyrated his hips against hers, causing both of them to moan. Jess couldn't even speak, everything feeling numb except for the sensations his cock was causing her. She instinctually pulled against his hand on her wrists, earning a sharp slap to her right breast. Her nipple instantly hardened, a reaction he noticed with a devilish smirk.

"Oh you like it rough. Well why didn't you say so?" He moved his hand back up to slap the other breast, causing the same reaction. She bit her lip as he continued to rain slaps to her breasts, occasionally stopping to tug and twist her nipples rings. By now, Jess could feel her juices dripping down his balls and her thighs. She tried to push her hips up, but that earned her a bite to her neck. He then slowly began to slide out until just the tip was left inside. He gripped her chin and forced her to look up at him, dipping down to give her a surprisingly sweet kiss on the lips. It was while he had her distracted with this that he drove his cock deep again. He kept doing this with the same slow pace, knowing it was driving her crazy. After minutes of this torture, he released her wrists, and she instantly wrapped her arms around his neck just holding on for dear life. This guy had her on a rollercoaster of sensations, and she never wanted it to end. His pace increased once he let her go, his hands digging into her flesh at her hips. Jess couldn't even form a coherent thought, even her mind was moaning. As he hit a particularly good spot, she tossed her head back into the wall.

"Oh please! Yes don't stop!" Jess cried out as she moved her body as much as she could against his. He grazed his teeth down her neck.

"I couldn't even if I wanted to," He growled out, sweat beading along his brow. He was pounding into her so hard and fast, she knew she'd have bruises on her back from the wall. She couldn't have cared less. She lost track of how long he used her, making her his own with his cock. All she knew was that she wasn't going to last long, her body beginning to shake. It was like he knew exactly when to make his move, clearly just to prolong her torture for his amusement. He stopped moving, feeling her pussy tighten around his cock.

"Don't stop! Please! I'm so close!" Jess couldn't contain the outburst, feeling like her life depended on this orgasm. He smirked, leaning close to brush his lips against hers.

"I only stopped to let you know something. I thought it only appropriate to remove the masks right as we orgasm," He almost seemed nervous as he waited for her response, which she thought was adorable.

"Let's do it," She placed her hand on her mask as he did the same, but she almost yanked it off early as he resumed his brutal pace. She moaned and cried out as he took her body to a place beyond anything she'd ever experienced. It was something she could become addicted to, but she was getting ahead of herself. Not only did she not know who this guy was yet, but maybe he was only interested in a one-time thing. She was brought back to the present with a single word.

"Now!" He roared, tossing the mask off. Jess had her eyes closed when he removed it, but when she looked up her mouth dropped open.

"Levi!" It was like knowing it was him was enough to push her right over the edge, her body exploding. She came so hard that she felt her juices gushing over his cock, and she almost forgot to remove her mask as well. Pulling it off slowly, she watched his face for his reaction.

"Oh my god, Jess!" His eyes grew wide, but he didn't stop like she feared. If anything, he slammed into her even harder. She could feel his cock throbbing as he came inside her, flooding her pussy with his hot cum. It took everything in him to carry them to the bed instead of collapsing to the floor. He wrapped his arms around her, holding her close as he gazed into her eyes.

"Never would I have thought this would happen. What the hell were you thinking coming here dressed like that?" His tone gave away that he wasn't angry but sounded more awestruck. She giggled.

"Honestly? I came here hoping to seduce you, or at the least try to make you want me." Jess couldn't believe she had just said that, fearing the worst now. When he was silent, she looked up and he was looking at her in confusion.

"Try to make me want you? I've liked you for years."

"Then why didn't you ever tell me?" Jess asked, sitting up and looking down at him. Neither one of them cared about their state of undress nor that Levi's cum was leaking from her thoroughly used pussy.

"Um, have you met your brother?" He asked with a smirk. She rolled her eyes and playfully shoved him.

"Well it doesn't matter now," She drew circles on his chest with her fingertip, smiling at him. He grabbed her arms and tugged her back down to his side, throwing the blanket over their bodies.

"You're right, it doesn't matter. Would be kind of difficult to hide my girlfriend from my best friend don't you think?" At his words, Jess leaned back up.

"Are you serious?"

"Well yea silly girl. I've finally gotten my hands on you after all these years. I'm sure as hell not about to let go now. Is that okay with you?" There was a look of uncertainty in his eyes that just melted her heart. She grabbed his chin and tiled his face up to meet hers, sharing a long slow kiss. Their passion was ignited again, hands beginning to wander. Their playful giggles were soon replaced with moans. Levi leaned over and shut the light off, quickly moving back to his amazing new girlfriend. Jess sighed happily as she moved to straddle him, her nails dragging down his chest. Her last thought before getting lost in his touch was...

Best Halloween ever!