 "I love Halloween! The costumes, the decorations, the parties, and the sex!" Sex you ask? "Yes, sex!"

Every year I deck my house out with all kinds of decorations inside and out. You would think that it was Christmas or something with all the lights I have out. I make the yard spooky so that when the kids come to the door, it is an adventure for them.

This year is no different; I was outside setting up my lights and the decorations when my new neighbor came over. We have not met each other officially, yet he has only been in his house for about a month.

I watched him walk over from his yard; he is very handsome and young. If I was to guess I would say he is about twenty-eight to thirty years old, to my forty-eight years, about my height around five feet eleven inches tall. He is very fit; I have watched him running in the evenings.

As he got closer to me, I noticed that he has gorgeous blue eyes with dark hair, and has a very confident stride as he walked up to my porch. He had a smile on his face; I stopped what I was doing to give him my undivided attention.

"Hi, how can I help you?" I asked him.

He reached his hand out, and I stretched mine out for us to shake hands. "Hi, I wanted to come over and introduce myself to you, I'm Scott." I nodded at him and told him that my name is Lily.

Then he kept talking "It is nice to meet you, Lily finally. Would you like some help with your set-up?" He looked around the yard as he was asking me the question.

"Ah, yeah if you are volunteering. Four hands are better than two." I told him as I accepted his offer.

I showed Scott what my plan was for everything. We got to work, and we made a good team. With is help I was able to get everything done so much faster.

When we were done I invited him inside "Scott would you like to come in for a few minutes to get a drink of water?"

"Sure, I would love too." Is Scott's response as we both walked into the house; we had built up a sweat working outside. We went into the kitchen, and I got both us a bottle of water. I watched Scott put the bottle to his lips as he drank the entire bottle of water before moving it from his mouth.

I was really looking at him, all sweaty, and sexy looking. I shook myself to snap out of my stare. Scott saw me jerk and asked "Lily? Are you okay?"

I could feel myself blush from getting caught staring "No I am fine. I want to thank you again for all your help. It made the work so much easier."

He smiled at me and replied "Not a problem I had fun. Well, I better get going home to get cleaned up, I have some plans tonight." I nodded at him and walked him to the door.

Before he left he stopped, he turned to me and looked a little nervous when asked: "You want to go out sometime together?"

I was floored by the question I laughed and stated "Hell, I am old enough to be your mother! I wouldn't want you to be embarrassed to be with an old lady."

He laughed before he answered, "Lily, I would never be embarrassed being seen with you!"

I blushed even more before I replied: "I would really like that, just let me know when." He nodded as he headed out the door. I watched him walk across the lawn, and he waved at me before he went into the house.

I finished putting all the storage boxes away and made sure the house was cleaned up before I went to get in the shower.

I kept thinking about Scott, and I was turned on, I decided to get myself off before I got in the shower. I went to my dresser drawer and pulled out my dildo. I found some porn on my phone turning it on to hear the sex sounds in the background.

I laid on the bed; I put the head of the dildo into my quim. I started out slow while listening to the sex noises behind me; I started getting worked up, I kept adjusting the speed of how fast or slow I was fucking myself.

I could feel that I was on the verge of having an orgasm, I pulled the dildo out of my pussy and slapped my clit repeatedly with the dildo. That made me have an incredible orgasm, but I was not done I was still horny. I put the dildo into my pussy to get it wet with my juices; then I started rubbing the head of the dildo up and down on my clit.

I was so sensitive from my first orgasm and wet from pussy juice that when I was rubbing the dildo against myself, I built up again. This time when I came I actually squirted, I felt my juice hit my hand. I was breathing hard as I got up to wash my dildo off and put it away.

I got into the shower and cleaned myself up. Once I was dried off, I put my pajamas on and watched a chick flick before bed.

The next day I was outside sitting on the porch enjoying my morning cup of coffee. I noticed that there was an extra car next door. A few minutes later I heard Scott's house door open, and Scott was walking a pretty young lady about his age to that car.

She was dressed for the day, but Scott only had on a pair of jeans that hung low on his hips. He kissed her good-bye and stood there watching her drive off.

Scott turned around with his hands in his pockets looking right at me. I smiled at him shaking my head as he walked over to me. I started laughing at the innocent look he had on his face like a kid just got caught doing something they are not supposed too.

I asked Scott "You want to come up here and have a cup of coffee?" He nodded his head as he climbed the steps and sat on the bench with me. As I got up to go get him a cup of coffee I asked him "How do you take it?" He told me "Just black please."

When I came out with his cup, he had gotten comfortable on the bench with his legs stretched out in front of him with his feet crossed. I handed him his cup of coffee and sat down next to him.

I am a very straightforward person, so I came right out and asked Scott, "So who was the girl?"

Scott, turned to me and smiled as he asked me "Jealous?" Then I threw him off by coming back at him with "Maybe."

He was shaking his head at me laughing when he told me "I guess you can say she is my girlfriend. We've been dating for a few months."

I took a drink of my coffee before I responded: "Yet you asked me out?" Scott fumbled a little over his words before he finally admitted that he did ask me out.

We talked for a bit more, finished our coffee and said bye so both of us could get our day started.

The next couple of weeks Scott and I would wave when we would see each other in passing. On the Saturday before Halloween I was finishing the final touches to my costume for the party I am going tonight when my doorbell rang.

I answered the door to find Scott standing there looking frazzled. "Hi, come on in, what's the matter?" I asked him as he came inside the house.

As Scott was walking by me, he told me "I don't have a costume for a Halloween party that I am going to tonight. Can you help me out?"

"Okay, well do you have any costumes at your house?" I asked him, his reply was no. "Okay then, is there is anything you want to be?" Scott just shrugged his shoulders at my question.

"Great, where do we start?" I said to myself; "Well let's take a look at what I have, my kids dressed up every year so there might be something in the costume box you could wear." I lead Scott down to the basement and found the box.

I started looking through the box and finding some old costumes that were hilarious. I found one that I think he would like "Scott here's a vampire costume" He didn't seem too interested in that one, he was looking through the box also.

Scott found a pirate costume that he really liked "Can I wear this one?" He asked me. I replied "yes." We looked some more and found all the accessories that go with it, so he was all set.

We took everything upstairs, Scott asked me "You said you have kids? Where are they?"

"I have twin boys they are in college, they both go to state." is my response to his questions.

Scott's next question is "I don't see a ring are you a divorcee?"

We got up the stairs before I answered his question "No I am a widow, I lost my husband about five years ago." All Scott could say in response was I'm sorry.

"It's been while I have learned to move on and live on my own," I replied as I walked Scott to the door, and we said our good-byes.

I finished working on my costume and decided to relax for a bit before I had to ready for the party. I turned on a movie and started pampering myself. I painted my finger and toenails; I went into the bathroom plucked my brows and decided that I wanted to shave all over.

I did my legs first, and then I knew I wanted to shave my pussy. I hadn't done that in years, but it felt right to do it today. I sat on the edge of the bathtub spreading my legs wide; I took the hand mirror to look at my quim. I have to admit I do have a pretty pussy.

I lathered up with shaving cream and started shaving I decided that I didn't want to go completely bald, I made sure to leave a landing strip at the top of my slit. Once I got done shaving, I rinsed off all the extra cream and got in the shower.

I took extra time under the hot shower to get my whole body cleaned up. When I started soaping up my ass, I was running my fingers up and down my crack, with a soapy finger I interested it into my hole, my finger slid right in, it was a tight fit, but it felt so good.

I put my left foot on the bathtub edge with my back to the water running down my back while started moving my finger in and out of my hole. I was getting turned on that I removed my finger grabbed that shower head down adjusted the water to pulsing to hold it against my clit.

It felt great against my clit as I inserted my finger back into my ass. I continued doing this for about five more minutes when I had a massive orgasm. I finished my shower got dried off and started getting ready for the party.

I put on my make-up and did my hair; I put my costume on then my boots. I looked in the mirror. I was impressed with what I look like; ironically, I made a slutty pirate costume I had a long-sleeved shirt with flowing arms, a leather corset over top of it cupping my C cup breast making them stand out while cinching in my waist.

I have a short skirt with a petticoat sewed into it to make it bounce as I walk, a garter holding up thigh high nylons and the thigh high boots with a three-inch heel.

I felt odd because I figured if I am going to be slutty why wear a bra or panties. I kept admiring myself in the mirror. I smiled and said out loud "Damn I look good!"

I grabbed a coat and headed to my friend Heather's house to pick her up. She was my date for the night; she is dressed as a slutty nurse. We were laughing that we are both forty-eight-year-old mother's that look hot as hell.

I laughed as I made a general comment "With the way we look tonight we're both getting some dick!" She started laughing and replied, "God I hope so!" We were laughing together as we got into the car.

When we were driving to our friend's party, Heather asked me "Seriously, Lily I think we both deserve some special gentlemanly attention tonight."

With a smile, I looked over at her and replied "Oh, I completely agree. My new neighbor has been getting me all worked up by just watching him."

Heather raised her eyebrow and asked me has he been doing? I just shrugged my shoulders and replied "There is just something about him. He's sexy as hell, I see him in running shorts all the time, and I am here to tell you he is carrying a nice package on him."

Heather started laughing as she responded, "Damn, Lily are you turning into a cougar?!"

I shrugged my shoulders at her comment, and all I said to her is "Then maybe I can teach him a few things!" We both started laughing as we continued to the party.

The party was in full swing when Heather and I arrived; I could not believe how many people were there. They were inside overflowing to the backyard. When we walked into the house we were greeted by the host Joe, he gave both of us a huge hug, then stepped back to look us up and down.

"Wow, you two ladies are already beautiful, but my god you are both hot as hell tonight." I could feel myself blush as we thanked him.

"Go on in and enjoy yourselves, ladies! Don't do anything I wouldn't do." Joe told us with a wink and a smile as he turned to the next guest coming in the front door.

Heather and I walked further into the house, we stopped and talked to friends. We were having a good time. I am getting warm with all the people in the house; I looked over at Heather to see her talking to a guy dressed as a doctor. I chuckled to myself as I went out to the backyard.

I'm looking around to see if there is anyone out there that I know, I swear I felt like I was being watched. I looked around until I see a pirate off to the side staring at me. I realized right away it is Scott, I would recognize his blue eyes anywhere.

I noticed that he is with his girlfriend, I waved at him to let him know that I see him. He waved back at me with a cocky smile on his face looking me up and down.

I didn't want to cause him any trouble, so I stayed away from him until he approached me. "Hi, Lily you look incredible!" He told me as he was checking me out.

I smiled at him and replied "Thank you, you look pretty handsome yourself. Should I be afraid that you might try to kidnap me?"

Scott leaned into me as he answered: "I would love to kidnap you and tie you up!" I raised my eyebrow at him with a questioning look.

I put my hand on his chest just to be able to touch him, then asked: "What would you do to me if you had me tied up?" He went to answer me when his girlfriend walked up on us. I moved my hand off of Scott, and he stood tall.

She was giving us a questioning look as she asked Scott, "Scott, do you know this lady?"

Scott, looked nervous as he introduced us "Sarah, this is my neighbor Lily, Lily this is my girlfriend, Sarah." I reached out to shake her hand, but she pulled away from me and turned to Scott.

With a whiney voice, she asked him, "Scott, honey can we get going I'm getting bored?" Scott looked at me, and I could see the look on his that he was uncomfortable. He looked back at her and responded to her question "Sarah, I really am not ready to go yet."

I could visibly see Sarah get upset before she huffed off she said "Fine!"

I raised an eyebrow at Scott while he was looking towards Sarah shaking his head. He turned back to me and apologized for the way she acted. My only reply was "She's young, she'll figure it out sooner or later."

Scott and I talked for a little longer; then he went to find his girlfriend. I was standing there alone when Heather found me. "Lily, I am heading out." I looked at her, and before I could say anything, she informed me "I am going to go get a coffee with the doctor I was talking too in the house."

I asked her "Are you sure about this?" Heather smiled nodding her head; then I told her "Be careful and text me later when you get home." She agreed, gave me a hug and left. I stayed for about another half an hour before I went home.

I got home bummed as hell that I didn't get laid or have anyone hit on me, except for Scott. I was back for maybe five minutes when my doorbell rang. I went to answer the door still in my costume, when I opened the door it was Scott holding the costume he had borrowed from me "He smiled saying trick or treat."

I laughed "Hi, come on in." Scott walked into the house looking me up and down. He turned to me and handed me the costume "Thank you for letting me borrow this it worked out great."

"You're very welcome," I told him as I set it in the chair. Scott stepped up to me, leaned in and kissed me hard on the mouth. I kissed him back with just as much enthusiasm as he was showing me. We pulled apart; I asked him "What about your girlfriend?"

Scott stepped closer to me as he replied: "She is pissed off at me, so I took her back to her place." Scott started kissing me again; I felt his hand cup my breast. He pulled my blouse down so that my tit popped out, he leaned down and took my nipple into his mouth.

I placed my hand on the back of his head to hold him in place. Scott moved his hand down to the front of my skirt; he ran his hand up my inner thigh. I spread my legs wider for him to have easier access, his fingertips touched my pussy lips.

He lifted his head quickly with a surprised look and a smile all he said was "No panties?" I had a cocky grin and nodded.

Scott moved his fingers to spread my pussy lips apart then inserted a finger inside my hole. I threw my head back in pleasure. Scott lifted my head and started kissing me again while he fingered me. I felt two of his fingers inside me and his thumb rubbing against my clit. I had an orgasm on his hand.

Scott moved his hand to his mouth and licked off his fingers saying "Lily, your honey states sweet. I could eat that all night long." I grabbed his other hand and led him to the bedroom.

Once we got into the bedroom lifted his shirt off of him kissing his chest and nipples. I reached down to the button on his jeans, unfastened it then unzipped the zipper. I reached inside his briefs to feel his cock. I was impressed as I stroked it up and down.

I use my free hand to start pulling down his jeans and briefs; Scott began to help me. I got down on my knees in front of him as his cock came out of his underwear.

Scott has a gorgeous cock, seven inches long; my fingertips barely touch each other. I can see the precum on the tip I stuck my tongue out and licked off the drop before I put my mouth around the head.

I swirled my tongue around the head of his cock, taking the tip of my tongue rubbing it along the frenulum. Scott was moaning out load holding the back of my head. I still had my hand wrapped around the base of his cock as I started to go further down on the shaft.

I could not take all his cock at first; I pulled off and then back down taking a little more each time I bobbed my head up and down until I could feel his cock at the back of my throat. I gagged and pulled back a bit then went back down.

I was determined to be able to take all of this dick in my mouth. Scott still had his hand on the back of my head feeding me more of his cock. He started thrusting his hips throat fucking me; he started yelling "Lily, I am going to cum if you don't stop!" I kept moving my mouth in sync with my hand.

Scott put both hands on my head and started moving faster as he shot his load down my throat. I kept my mouth on his cock after he came, he pulled out of my mouth then helped me stand up. He leaned in and kissed me passionately.

After the kiss, Scott started helping me undress he unlaced my corset and pulled it off over my head. He untied the strings of my blouse then pulled it off over my head. I stood in front of Scott in just my boots and skirt; he stepped back looking at me up and down. "My god you're beautiful and sexy!" Scott said to me while checking me out.

I unzipped my skirt and let it fall to the floor and stepped out of it. I went to undo my boots, Scott grabbed my hand and asked me to leave them on. I smiled at him as I straightened up.

Scott grabbed my hand and led me the bed; I sat down on the edge as Scott stepped between my legs. I spread them wide as he kneeled down in front of me, he starts rubbing my inner thighs with his big hands. His fingers kept rubbing against my pussy lips.

Scott tells me "Lily, you have a gorgeous pussy!" I smiled and thanked him.

Scott spread my lips so he could see the pink inside, he is rubbing his thumbs up and down on my inner labia. I threw my head back moaning, Scott grabbed my knees pulling me closer to the edge putting my legs over his shoulders, he leans in and starts kissing my pussy.

I fell back on the bed as Scott started flicking his tongue against my clit, I felt his tongue going inside my pussy hole. I started grinding my pelvis against his face trying to get his tongue deeper. He switched back to my clit flicking it while inserting a finger inside my pussy.
