 Chapter 2: Absolute Beginners

The Big Day

On the morning of the first day of Hand Job class, Sara told me to wear tight jeans, the profile-enhancing silk pouch briefs she'd gotten me, and a tight t-shirt. "These girls will be shown what to look for when it comes to checking out a guy's crotch, how to size you up.

"I am going to get you good and hard and have them check you out," she whispered while petting my cock through my jeans. I grinned and shook my head. She said, "You love it, don't lie."

As she cupped my balls in her hand through my pants, I whispered, "I sure do, sweetheart." 

She deftly unzipped me, and we kissed as she jacked me off. I fondled her breasts, making her cum just from pinching her nipples. In a few minutes of kissing and expert jacking, her hand sped up to maximum speed. My balls danced and swayed heavily as she brought me to another superb orgasm. 

I shot long strands of my warm white seed onto her chest and neck as I bucked against her hand, fucking it as if it were a pussy. "Wow, what a big stud you are," she purred, "I love it when you shoot your cum on me, master. I bet the girls will love it too, especially Jodie. They will all get wet just seeing your big cock in your tight sexy jeans. Mmmm."

Sara knows me all too well. I love having a woman's eyes fall on my manly bulge, and continue to enjoy the memory of such stolen glances I've witnessed with strangers, casual acquaintances and my own girlfriends. 

We kissed at the front door and she was off to classes. I would show up during 4th period for my first day as a hand job model.

When I arrived, the girls were flushed with excitement. As a warm up, Sara had shown a compilation tape of porn hand jobs. Now the girls were practically panting. As I -- their first real living and breathing male subject -- entered the room, their eyes moved down my athletic physique and to the marked lump in my pants. The scrutiny proved stimulating. 

"Honey, come and have a seat here on my desk while I go over a few things," Sara said. 

I sat with my legs askew on the desk. Sara went over procedures and rules - like no kissing, no oral contact, things like that. To my delight, she came closer and cupped my balls and petted them as she spoke.

"Class," she said studiously, "I am now petting my handsome husband. You can see I am petting and gently clutching and squeezing him through his pants. Can you tell how much he likes it?"

The girls answered with hushed breathing. They were dripping with excitement. I could almost smell it in the air. 

Sara teased out my cock to a rigid upright shaft under the jeans. While she did this, I sat back and watched the girls, who all had their eyes on my crotch. They weren't listening very carefully. But Sara and I had conferred earlier and she knew I'd keep the young ladies in line. 

I gazed over the class, and not one of the students was a plain jane. Every one of them was gorgeous, and they only had eyes for me. What a dream come true. 

When Sara asked for volunteers for the first part of the demonstration, three or four girls raised their hands. There was one particularly sweet and sexy blond with short bobbed hair and a pixy face. 

It was Sara's star student, Jodie.

She was everything that Sara had said she was - and more.

Jodie was the just-18 year old cheerleader who Sara had talked about extensively while jacking me off. She was very popular with the boys in school, and not surprisingly she had been the subject of a few breathy comments by a couple of male teachers. 

Her face alone, for a man like me who loves sexy faces, was enough to make me hard on first site. If I had not already been hard, she would have made me so. As it was, she just made me harder. 

Exquisite, with fine features and a regal demeanor, Jodie was what the poets search for -- a muse, a thing of beauty, animated by life and curiosity. Helen of Troy had nothing on her.

Put another way, Jodie was one fine little piece of ass. The best part about it was that I was about to get a hand job from this muse. What could be better than this?

Sara picked Jodie, of course, and asked her to make her way to the front of the class. I gazed at Jodie's arched back, perfect, smallish tits, and long slender legs. From this angle she looked to have a mouth-watering ass. 

"Now, class," Sara lectured, "before beginning to masturbate a boy, you will probably engage in some form of petting, just like I was doing earlier. Petting is touching each other through your clothes."

The girls sat enthralled as Sara spun her tale. "A boy likes to be touched, fondled. And I'm sure you do too: maybe what you really want is to have the boy's hand touch your breast, your sweet nipples, the nape of your neck, the cleft of your vagina as your clitoris pushes insistently against your pretty panties and tight jeans. How about it girls? Think of the most handsome boy -- or man -- you've ever seen, and imagine him stroking your private areas with his strong, masculine hands as you lie back and kiss him.

"Imagine my husband with his hands on your breasts, pinching, pulling on, even kissing your nipples." She spoke more quietly now, "Now imagine him pinching your nipples while you stroke his massive cock! Imagine feeling his sperm drenching your pretty necks and faces as he brings you to your own orgasm at the same time!"

Sara really knows how to talk sexy. The girls were squirming in their seats, and the erotic tension began to grow. Her voice got quieter and more intense. "But let's not get too far ahead of ourselves! You may, for instance, feel the boy's erect penis throbbing and bolt upright through his pants, and be able to grab the rigid shaft quite easily through his jeans."

As this point, Sara gripped my upright hard-on and showed them how pronounced it was under my jeans.

"If you can feel and see it, like we can my husband here, then move your hand up and down as if he had no clothes on at all. Just like this, up and down, up and down." I was really enjoying this.

"At this point, you may want to look at his crotch, if you aren't in complete darkness!" The girls laughed. "The site of a boy's erection through his pants can be quite a thing to see, ladies. Take a moment to enjoy the view. 

"See ladies how my husband is hard and long and pushing against his pants? This poor man needs your immediate services! He needs a pretty and obedient girl! Someone to take care of him. Poor dear... "

Continuing to pet and stroke me, she turned back to the young ladies. "Reflect on the fact that his excitement is thanks to you! Don't stop rubbing him though. As you look at his manly bulge, tell him you like touching him. Tell him you are amazed at what you can feel, that it's hot. Tell him he's sexy. Tell him you like looking at his bulging erection, especially when you can touch it too.

"And also tell him that you are going to take care of him, that you are his pretty girl and is at his command." 

Hot young Jodie was standing in the front of the class. I took this time to look her up and down and really enjoy her beauty. She looked a bit shy, but returned my gaze bravely. 

I wanted her mouth on my cock. I intensely wanted to fuck that pretty 18 year old mouth. I couldn't look away for a moment. 

The whole world seemed to disappear for those moments as I imagined holding her by the back of her head, with one hand under her chin, and fucking her beautiful mouth. 

I looked at her hands, too, and sized them up, confirming they would no doubt only reach part way around my cock. The thought of that delicate pair of hands around my hard cock, cupping my balls, lightly scratching under my nuts with those short nails, made it twitch pleasantly. The thought of making Jodie blush, and cum, made me smile.

Sara continued. "Ladies, there is a chance this boy will be excited enough just with this activity, especially if he likes what you're saying and doing at the same time. He may ejaculate into his underwear right then! If he does this -- if he starts grunting and flexing against your hand and cumming, don't stop rubbing him. Vigorously rub him. Rub his hard sexy penis through his straining pants; it will increase and enhance his pleasure. Take your other hand and rub his balls.

"He might even hump your pretty hands in his excitement. You wanna talk about hot? Just watch a boy lose control in your hands... now THAT's sexy!"

The girls were totally silent. Their excitement was hanging in the air like ripe, sexy young breasts. I looked at each sweet face. My cock was crying for their gentle girlish touches through my pants as Sara continued to tease me.

I stole another glance at Jodie, standing there at the front of the class. I again thought about what a perfect cock sucker she'd make, how much of a privilege and pleasure it would be to fuck her pretty mouth, to teach her how to deep throat, to instruct her in the fine art of cock sucking a handsome gentleman such as myself. 

She would excel at the nuances and refined techniques of the classy young girl aspiring to bedroom whoredom.

I was hard enough under my own tight jeans, I could have cum in just the way Sara had been describing. And she knew it.

She looked at me slyly and grinned. She looked at Jodie, then back at me -- indicating her awareness of my lust for the blond student.

"Jodie, have you noticed how much my husband is checking you out? He's quite smitten with you, and rightly so. As I stroke him, he looks longingly at you -- at your pretty face, your hot body, your delicate hands. I imagine he is thinking about your hands and how, soon, they will be pleasuring him."

Jodie smiled shyly, blushing. While Sara looked me in the eyes, she said in a steady, throaty, sexy voice, "As you can see, our subject is very, very excited. He has been enjoying looking at Jodie, and all of you as well. Haven't you, my sweet stud?" 

I nodded while never taking my eyes off Jodie's exquisite face and body. 

She patted my nuts lightly, a very pleasant feeling. "Can you see his erection through his pants, girls?" 

The girls looked on in utter amazement and lust as Sara's hand gently stroked me through my jeans. I spread my legs a little further apart, wanting every girl to have sufficient view of my big balls and cock through my jeans. Sara took the cue and petted my bulging balls again. 

I flexed my hips in a fucking motion against her hand. Obviously, it was heaven having my beautiful wife pet me in front of a class full of hot young coeds. 

I moaned almost inaudibly. "Class, hear his moans. He is getting very excited now!"

As her lovely hand patted my bulge, I looked each girl in the eye. They were all looking me in the eye, and at my protruding crotch as my wife pleasured it. I gazed long at Jodie and flexed my hips anew against my hot wife's hands.

Yes, I was in heaven.

Again, I thought about holding sweet Jodie's head in my hands and fucking her angelic mouth. On my knees, I would have her on all fours before me, I would place one hand on your chin, the other on the back of her hand, and I would slide my cock between her lips and begin bucking against her. She did indeed have a pretty little mouth. 

I spoke to Sara, but in a loud whisper so the rest of the class could hear. I said while staring fiercely into Jodie's eyes, "Sara, Jodie has a very sexy face. She's really a lovely girl. I am going to enjoy her sweet lesson. I can't wait to have those lovely hands wrapped around me."

I wanted sexy Sara to unzip me right then and finish me. She knew it, too. I wanted her hand stroking me fast as I shot cum all over the first row of hotties and into sweet Jodie's perfect mouth, her tongue tip touching my wife's delicate hand and the slit at the head of my cock, my heavy balls bouncing pleasantly against Sara's desk ...

I could feel the cum in my balls seemingly increasing from my prolonged arousal. 

Somehow I was able to resist cumming. She stopped rubbing me, kissed me on the cheek. "Thank you, stud," she said just audibly enough for the girls in the front row to hear. 

"You don't have to wait any longer. That pretty girl right there is going to pleasure you just like you like it."

She continued. "It's time for Jodie to unzip him and get a really good feel for his penis. 

Sara nodded to Jodie, who walked over closer to me. 

I nodded hello. She smiled. 

Sara said, "Now, Jodie, try to relax, and just begin by touching my husband in a non-sexual place . . ."

Jodie nodded, looked me in the eye and then looked away, at the girls in the class. They were silent but smiling. What an angel! How charmingly shy she was. It was so lovely to see her nervousness. 

I wanted to take her in my arms and kiss her. I wanted to rip my pants open and expose my erection to her, pull her pants down and lick her ass, suck her pussy, and slide my throbbing cock into her.

I wanted to take her hands in mine, forcibly wrap them around my rigid cock and fuck them as we french kissed, shooting my load onto her clothes as I rubbed her pussy through her lovely white lace panties. 

Back to reality. She began by putting her hand on my knee, stroking gently. I thrilled at the touch. Sara was a perfect coach, calmly and quietly explaining the various moves, the pacing, and physiologically what was likely happening to me during these moments. 

I reached up and lightly drew my fingers down Jodie's sweet face and quietly thanked her for volunteering. She smiled sweetly.

In due time, pretty Jodie's hand moved up my thigh, to my crotch, where she found two rounded lumps and a pulsating snake throbbing through the denim. Her delicate feminine hand, as it began to caress me, sent shivers throughout my body. 

My breathing was sharp. I was fairly panting. 

The class was absolutely quiet except for a unison deep breathing. Sara asked me to speak up and give Jodie suggestions. 

I happily obliged. "My good girl. Please squeeze my big balls, Jodie, very gently, I so want your hand on them." Her pretty petite hand gave my balls a delicate squeeze. "Now feel up here, angel: this is the head of my cock, please rub there a little, squeeze it slightly with your thumb and fingers ... Mmm." 

She move her hand up and gently pinched and rubbed the cap. I loved watching her hand, petite with short but immaculately painted pink nails. Her glossy lipstick matched. 

"Now bring your hand up and down the front of me, feel my hard cock standing up through my jeans? That's all because of how you're rubbing me, petting me, and because you are so very, very pretty. There's a good girl. Thank you."

I stroked her hair. I wanted to put my tongue in her mouth and give her the most sexual kiss she'd ever had. It just wasn't the time... yet. 

After quite a while of this pretty hottie firmly rubbing my shaft up and down, it was time to move on.... I whispered: 

"Unbuckle my belt and unzip me, angel, that's it." I helped her pull off my jeans. I was reclining a little on the desk, my legs raised, my erect cock and swollen sack straining against the silk briefs. I looked out at the class and saw gorgeous young women, 27 of them, all looking so intently at my crotch that nothing else existed in their universes. 

I had Jodie pull my briefs off by reaching under my ass and pulling them forward, so that while my cock still strained against the silken fabric in front of me, my ass and bloated nut sack lay exposed and available to Jodie. My long and thick erection twitched and throbbed, exposed to the whole class and reveling in the cool air.

As Jodie dropped my briefs to the floor I spread my legs a little more and made sure the room full of perfect and innocent girls could see my entire private area. I loved being totally exposed to the girls, to feel their eyes freely looking over my entire body down to the most intimate, private detail.

So far Jody hadn't returned to touching me, which was fine - in a teasing, tension-heightening sort of way, it was hot to watch her look at my cock and balls without touching them... at least a few moments. 

Sara spoke quietly, "Now Jodie, you probably are beginning to get a waft of his manly scent, a not-unpleasant musky smell. Go ahead and lean in a little, take a whiff, baby." Jodie complied and sniffed at my nuts from about five inches away. 

The site of her closely examining my male parts was exciting, and resulted in some noticeable twitches on my cock, and the ever-present writhing of my big balls in their cum sack. 

Still not touching me, Jodie's big beautiful blue eyes were bright and wonder-filled. She peaked up at my face and I smiled at those gorgeous eyes. 

Finally, I reached out and took both of her hands in mine and brought them to me. My cock was snapping against my stomach with an audible pop, my arousal was so intense. Her left hand ever-so-softly wrapped around my penis. 

I closed my eyes in utter bliss and moaned. I was, finally, enjoying the touch of the first young teen Hand Job student, and a more stunning and attractive student could NOT have been found. 

But quickly realized I would not last the hour long class if I let myself go like this. I opened my eyes and took my mind off the perfection of what was happening, investing my attention - or trying to - in the faces around the room. 

Of course this only made things more desperate. For, as Jodie began to hold my cock with both hands like a baseball bat, and at Sara's prompting began to tug slightly up and down on it, my eyes fell on a tall bright-eyed girl wearing a short cheerleader outfit. She seemed tall, even seated, and innocently slutty, since her legs were folded awkwardly under the student desk in a way that forced her to leave her knees far apart. 

Had this been anything but an all-girl class, I'm sure she would have been getting a lot of attention from the boys. Her long blond hair was straight, down nearly to her elbows. And her bangs came down to her eyebrows. She was as sexy as any 18 year old cheerleader could be. I just sat their watching her - occasionally looking at Jodie's pretty face and her exquisite, busy hands. 

Sara noticed the attention I was paying to the sexy young cheerleader....

"Cindy, it looks like our subject here has taken an especial liking to you. No doubt it's your sweet face and revealing little uniform. My husband is a leg man, for sure - and you do have a lovely pair of legs. Would you like to come up and get a closer look at what Jodie is doing? If I know my husband, he wouldn't mind having a closer look at you as well. Don't be surprised if he pats your pretty little ass, too."

The girl blushed and giggled, but was up at the front in no time. As she pranced up to the front of the class, her short pink cheerleader skirt accentuated her perfect, long legs. 

Jodie glanced over at Cindy, and, looking a little jealous, quickened her pace a bit on my big fat prick. I groaned in a guttural voice and looked over at Jodie's hands. I looked then at her face which I stroked gently with one hand. 

"Don't be jealous, sweet Jodie, you were and are my first choice. You're beautiful and special. But I am a leg man, and your lovely classmate Cindy has very pretty legs. Do you mind if I look at them a little, sweet one?" 

"No," she said with a shy smile. "It's fine. She does have pretty legs."

"Good girl," I whispered. She smiled shyly again and gave my cock some lovely tugs. I kneeled in and gave her a little kiss on her cheek. 

Then I reached over and took Cindy by her slender elbow to bring her closer. 

"Hi baby, why don't you let me see what's under your skirt." She looked a little startled, but Sara said, "Go ahead, Cindy. Just lift your skirt a little, just give him a little peak. He loves being teased. Your little cheerleader panties are fine to show off, you do all the time on the field!"
