 "Listen I have a bit of a problem and I need some help," she said quietly.

The man looked around to confirm that he was the intended receiver of her message.

"Me?" 

"Yeah, look, I'm . . . I'm really embarrassed about this but . . I need you to help me out of these." With that she flips her coat off of her handcuffed wrists just long enough for him to look down and see her predicament.

"Whoah, why are you in handcuffs?" He asks as he takes a small step back. He looks around furtively to see if anyone is watching them.

"Please it's not what you think. I'm not in any kind of trouble with the police or anything. It was just a mistake and I'm locked out of my apartment!" 

"I don't know lady. This doesn't make much sense. How am I supposed to help anyway I don't have a key."

"No, you don't need one. They have a combination kind of lock."

"Well why don't you just do it?"

"I don't know the combination!"

"Why did you put them on if you didn't know the combination?"

"No, no I didn't put them on. It . . . it's just a mistake and I need you to help me get the combination."

"How can I help? Look this all seems a little too weird"

"No please. I have the combo I just can't read it!"

"Why not?"

"Because I can't see it."

"Well where is it?"

She glances around and then lowers her voice and says, "It's . . . well . . it's written, um . . . on the inside of my thigh."

"What?!" He watches her to see if she's joking but the flushing in her cheeks and the averted glance makes him think she's not.

"It's written on the inside of my thy," she says again.

"I heard you I just don't get it," he says, while for the first time noticing what she's wearing. A short, make that very short, cocktail dress, high heels and a thin silver chain necklace. He notices she doesn't have a purse. She has nice tanned and toned legs and seems to notice his gaze. She lowers her hands a little to let the coat cover the hem of her dress. However, this just reveals to the man the low neckline and ample cleavage of her upper half.

He glances up at her face and she is looking at him with pleading eyes. He feels a little sorry for but is still confused. 

"Look why don't I just get your keys for you and you can go into your apartment and maybe you can get the combo yourself?"

"But I don't have my keys!" She exclaims as if he should have known that.

"Then how am I supposed to help?" he asks a little exasperated.

"I just need you to read me the combination."

He is suddenly wary again for some reason and says half laughing, "Are you serious? How did this happen again? Is this a joke?"

"No, really it isn't a joke. My boyfriend and I were in the middle of a date and he, well, he wanted to see me in handcuffs. I told him only if he bought me a really nice dress. I thought he was kidding when he said yes, but then he took me to Saks and bought me this." 

She said all of this in a rush of breath with a hint of impatience at having to explain the situation. He realized that she was probably unaware that although he now knew where the dress came from he still had no idea how she got into this particular dilemma. After a moment of them staring at each other she noticed the quizzical look on his face and realized that her explanation was lacking.

"Oh," she said sort of sheepishly. "So he told me to just wear the dress home and then followed me into the dressing area while I changed. I was just about to put it on when he came in and said, "A deal is a deal," and was holding the cuffs. I thought he was joking but then he got on his knees and told me to turn around."

She stopped suddenly and looked at the man's face. He was, in fact, getting excited by the direction of the story and she was suddenly aware of what she was about to tell him.

"Um . . . so at first I thought he just wanted sex

She spurted out the last few words with an air of finality and relief. The man however was disappointed that the dressing room part of the explanation had fallen short of a sordid sex scene. He also still did not get why she was standing here sans boyfriend in front of her apartment with handcuffs and little else on?

"But where is he now," he said after a moment?

"He got stuck on the train. I got off, he said something about his phone and when I turned the doors had closed and he was telling me to meet him at the apartment."

"Then why don't you just wait for him?"

"Because I think he thought I would go to his apartment, but instead I thought he meant mine. He lives all the way across town it would take me a half hour and two train changes to get there and I'm afraid I'll just pass him in between if I try."

She seemed sincere enough and not really that afraid of the consequences of having him help her. 

"Ok, where is it," he finally said?

She squealed a little and jumped up and pecked his cheek as she said, "Oh, thank you, thank you!"

"It should be just inside my thigh on my left leg." She said turning around and facing away from him.

She bent a little at the waist and stuck her ass towards him as he bent over behind her. The light in the hallway was not bright but it was definitely bright enough for him to determine that she had a nice ass and the little dress left little to the imagination. He bent as far as he could but could see nothing obvious besides the smooth bare skin of her legs.

"Holy shit," he thought, "I must be dreaming. A girl is offering to let me look up her skirt. Not every day this kind of luck comes along!" His cock started to swell as if in answer to the thought.

"I don't see anything."

"It has to be there, maybe it is higher," she said, and bent over more to let the skirt ride up.

At some point he expected to see her panties but when she finished bending over it was obvious even from his point of view that she either had on a thong or nothing.

"I still don't see anything," he said, a little hesitantly. He wanted this to last as long as he could.

"I'm not wearing any panties just so you know."

"I guessed," he laughed. "But there is still no writing."

"It is probably really high up or maybe just too small." 

"Ok, I'll get closer," and with that he dropped to one knee behind her and she bent a little farther. He could clearly see the cleft of her pussy peeking out from behind and he instantly went from semi to rock hard. He leaned in and after a second actually looked for the numbers.

"I still don't see them." 

"Dammit," she exclaimed. She jerked herself back upright and turned around. 

She did it quickly and he was still down on one knee. What she didn't realized was that when she bent over, her coat, still draped over her wrists, had caught the front hem of her dress. When she straightened up she lifted her arms and the hem cam with it. The effect was that he was now staring right at her beautiful neatly trimmed pussy at eye level and only inches from his face.

"He must have been fucking with me! He probably didn't write anything! He's always doing shit like this, one of his little pranks," she exclaimed vehemently. She paused long enough to wonder why the man hadn't gotten up. She glanced down and with a gasp jerked the coat back down to cover herself.

He immediately stood up and muttered a half hearted "sorry."

She was blushing and staring at the floor when she noticed his hard on showing prominently through his slacks.

She giggled and said, "Apparently I'm not the only one going commando tonight!"

He laughed and turned sideways while trying to adjust his cock through his pants.

They looked at each other for a moment and then she said, "Well I feel like we know each other pretty well now! Look why don't you let me into your place to wait. I mean what kind of trouble can I cause?" At which point she held her hands out to him.

He chuckled, and knowing an opportunity when he saw one said, "Sure."

They walked down the hall and he let her in first. He apologized for the mess, even though it was pretty tidy for a bachelor pad. He took her coat and offered her a seat on the couch. He asked her if she wanted a drink, she declined on account of not wanting him to bother.

When he got back from the kitchen she had started in complaining about the stupid stunts her boyfriend was always playing. He listened for a while, constantly hard, and finally said, "You know the light in here is ten times better than in the hall, why don't I take one last look?"

She glanced around and thought about for a second and then looked right at him and said sure.

She got up and turned around again, this time putting her hands on the armrest of the sofa. He slipped off the armchair across from her and knelt behind her again, this time on both knees.

His cock lurched in his pants as he saw the lips of her pussy again.

He leaned in and pretended to look for the number again. "Do you think it is just further inside your thigh? I mean were your legs further apart when he wrote it?"

"Yeah maybe," she replied heavily after a short pause. She parted her legs a little allowing him an unimpeded view of her pouting lips and little puckered asshole.

He reached up and placed both hands at the bottom of her ass cheeks and used his thumbs to pry her thighs open a little more. She lurched forward at his touch but didn't say anything or try to stop him. In fact she just wound up bent over more.

"I still don't see anything," he said softly.

"Maybe it's higher," she breathed back.

He ran his hands up over her ass and she shifted her feet further apart. He used his thumbs to spread her cunt lips a little as he leaned in and breathed in the scent of her oozing slit. He gave her asshole a quick lick. She jumped and let out a gasp, but then pushed her ass back at him.

Not to seem too eager he ran a hand over her pussy dragging his middle finger through and parting her wet lips. He sucked it into his mouth when he brought it out and then promptly shoved it up her tight little fuck hole, latching his mouth back onto her pretty little asshole at the same time.

She started rocking her hips and fucking his finger while he lapped away at her backside. This went on for a few minutes until she finally pulled away. She stepped to the side and got on her knees on the sofa. Putting her hands on the back she looked over her shoulder and just said, "Fuck me."

He stood and did just that. He dropped his pants and without another word sank his cock into her sopping pussy. She leaned forward and put her head on the back of the couch while he grabbed her hips and started to pound her. She pushed back to meet his thrusts and was moaning and muttering a constant and incoherent babble.

Every time he would bottom out in her she would just let out a couple of words, "Oh fuck", "dirty fuck", "cum hole", "so good", . . . He continued his assault and all to quickly found himself close to finishing. He gave in and with few last hard and fast thrusts let out a loud grunt buried his cock in her. He unloaded a torrent of cum into her now swollen and fucked out cunt.

He leaned forward panting, and she hung her head doing the same. He finally stood up and pulled out of her accompanied by a wet "plop." He looked down to see his cum dripping out of her and onto his sofa but really didn't care. Nor did she apparently, she stayed in that position for a little while. He sat back down across from her staring at her, ass in the air, freshly fucked pussy dripping his come out of it at eye level. 

She finally rolled to one side and then sat up. She looked at him and started laughing. He chuckled and got up to get her a towel. While he was in the kitchen she said," look that was really good and all but I really do like my boyfriend even if he is a pain in the ass." 

"That's ok, I get it," he replied coming back. He handed her the towel and gestured toward the bathroom. When she came out he had his pants back on and she grabbed her coat.

"I guess I'll go down and see if the shithead is there," she said. "If he isn't I could always go down and get the super to let me in."

"Maybe you should have done that to begin with," he jokingly replied.

"Maybe so," she laughed.

"Anyway, thanks for trying."

"Absolutely my pleasure," he said as the opened the door for her.

She glanced down the hall as she stepped out. No one was down at her apartment. "I guess I'll go down to the super's and try to explain this again," she half laughed.

"Good luck, and take this you might need it," he handed her a small piece of paper.

"Really, thanks but I can't call you," she started but he cut her off.

"Just take it, you might need it," and he folded her hand around it and with a smile stepped back inside his apartment and shut the door.

She sighed and started down the hall. She glanced at the paper and chuckled to herself. Then she stopped, looked slowly down and the paper and just stood there for a full minute. Then with a half-hearted curse accompanied by a little laugh she went on down the hall. There were only four numbers. Well, at least she wouldn't have to explain the handcuffs to the super.