 Sara and me

My wife Sara is a 32 year old Human Sexuality teacher at a local high school. She's a gorgeous, sexy woman, fifteen years my junior, and she spares nothing to make sure I'm sexually satisfied, occupied, and happy. 

Aside from giving incredible blow jobs and fucking like a she-devil, Sara has a complete arsenal of more advanced skills and talents. And so do I.

I love to lick and suck my beautiful wife's pussy. I love sliding a finger into her while I lick her clit. I love hearing her sweet cries of ecstasy as I give me an orgasm with my mouth. 

I love sliding my hard cock into her and feeling her pussy flex and grip me as she catches her breath. Holding me by the neck and shoulders, she looks into my eyes and licks my mouth. Her pelvis flexes and thrusts toward me, her legs spread as wide as they'll go. She's so beautiful like this, an angelic slut.

She says, "I love how you fuck me, you big stud. I love being your little whore. You really know how to take care of your girl. Thank you, master."

I fuck her deeply, steadily, slowly. Then, I love how she knows just when to reach through our legs and clutch my big heavy swaying balls as I begin to cum. She rubs and probes my ass with her delicate finger, whispering, "You are such a fucking stud, baby, fill your pretty girl with your cum, please!" I cum what seems like gallons as she kisses and bites my neck.. 

Suffice to say we are never bored or out of ideas in the bedroom.

She and I also work hard to make sure our minds are as sexually active as our bodies. Stories, fantasies... we are always talking dirty to each other. 

One of the sexiest subjects we discuss is her classroom full of college hotties. She knows I like the young ones - girls just old enough to be legally lusted after ... these are a prominent feature of my fantasies. 

Sara is all for my tastes, and really gets excited when one of her student's catches my eye. She knows I'll never stray, and that while I may really enjoy her telling me about the latest young angel in her class while she strokes my hard shaft to orgasm, pumping large jets of cum onto her waiting, licking tongue while she gazes up at me sweetly, that's as far as it will ever go.

We'll be sitting in the den after dinner and she'll nuzzle up to me and say, "I have a new student, today, stud." And she'll begin petting me lightly at first. "She's a really pretty girl, tall, blond with gorgeous legs, and with a very cute face. It's almost as if her mouth were designed to suck your big cock, you know?" 

Soon she has my shaft out of my unzipped jeans and she's giving me a full-on hand job while talking about her new student, whispering delightfully naughty things to me while licking my ear lobe and probing the inner recesses of my ear. 

She's the best lover I've ever had. As the old saying goes, the ideal woman is a lady in company and a whore in bed. That is Sara in a nutshell. 

The Hand Job class

One of Sara's classes is an all-girl "Instructional" course created to guide young ladies through the complex and confusing labyrinth of premarital relations. The class is for 18-and-over girls. 

The goal is to present viable, attractive alternatives to intercourse.

Put in plain terms, it's a hand job class. 

And I am the practice subject for the young ladies. Each and every one of them has repeatedly wrapped one of her sweet eager teen hands around my hard cock, stroking firmly and sexily up and down, and up and down, and palmed, cradled and massaged my heavy, full balls in her other hand, and brought me to orgasm. 

And this takes place in a class while the rest of these lovely sexy girls - and my gorgeous sexy wife - look on. I must say I'm something of an exhibitionist. So it just doesn't get any better than this.

As amazing as it might seem, I absolutely must admit that, at first, I turned the offer down to be the hand job practice model for a roomful of hot young college angels. Yes that's right: when my wife asked if I'd like to be jacked off by more than 25 young, sexy, intelligent girls over the course of a semester, I said no. 

I said no to magical young ladies' hands coaxing large jets of sperm out of my cock while my stunning, approving wife looked on. Just the idea of getting tugged on by ONE of Sara's students makes me rigid and twitching in my jeans. The thought of having more than 25 DIFFERENT beauties learn the art on ME was overwhelmingly arousing. 

I certainly didn't shrink from the idea of being the focus of numerous nubile young ladies learning how to give hand jobs. But I was unsure of Sara's ultimate outlook on it. She would be right there watching and I didn't want her to become jealous of my pleasure. After all, I would without doubt find extreme pleasure in the experience, and would certainly be demonstrative and appreciative of the talents and favors of these lovely young women. 

"Sara, you know I would love every minute - a LOT - and it would be even better because you are there. But I don't want you to be jealous. I mean, I am REALLY REALLY going to like this."

But Sara assured me that such concerns were without merit. "Honey, I know you're going to love this experience, that's why I've asked you. I know you have a special fondness for my female students, and I know that you'd like nothing more than to have a few of their hands wrapped around your manhood. That is precisely why I want to you have this experience! I wouldn't ask you if I didn't want it for you! Please do this -- for me."

How could I refuse? I asked her to promise me that at the first tinge of jealousy or doubt, she would cancel any further sessions with me, and that she would find a different, more neutral subject. 

Many of these girls would swoon over the studly track coach, Paul North, I mentioned. Sara looked at me and said, "You don't know this, honey, but my girls think you're very hot." My ears perked up. Her students thought I was hot? Tell me more!

She continued. "When you stopped by the class that one day last month, they got all hushed. When you left they kept asking about you. And when I first brought up the subject of the Hand Job instruction, THEY were the ones who asked after you! I immediately thought it was a great idea, and wholeheartedly agreed with them."

Sara reached down and began to pet my cock through my pants. "Honey, I want you to have fun with this. Don't think twice about any jealousy, it won't happen."

Enough said. I felt like getting down on my hands and knees and thanking god. Instead I got on my hands and knees and ate my beautiful wife's pussy, and then mounted her from behind, fucking her with all I had, so turned on was I by the scenarios that were formulating in my head and by the shear selfless sexual generosity my wife had displayed. I truly love this woman, and her gift to me makes me love her even more. 

I had her turn around and mounted her missionary. As I thrust into my beautiful wife, she told me about a particularly cute girl that I was going to really like in her class. 

"You are going to love Jodie. She's just your type - slender and cute, with a pixie face, short blond hair, slender thighs that don't meet when she stands, and a perfect sweet and tasty little ass. Her pretty hands are just small and slender and feminine enough to be perfect for giving you a hand job."

As my orgasm began I cried out in ecstasy, filling my Sara's sex with my pent-up seed. I had visions of sweet Jodie dancing in my head, and the exquisite joy of knowing my wife had given me that vision. 

Next up.... I meet the girls.