 I stepped out of the shower, tired from the week's events. I had just returned from a road trip for work, and boy was I glad this week was over!

You see most of my work is what you could call "low-impact." I fly or drive around the country for my company, having lunch meetings or touring different organizations that work with us. Sometimes, though, there is "real" work to be done. This usually involves a day or two of heavy lifting on hot loading docks, assembling things and so forth. I'm not telling you this for sympathy, just for back round. 

This trip was one of those grueling, physical trips. I know, I should work out more to be better prepared for these occasions, as well as for my better general health. I should also stop eating fast food, read more good books, relax by the pool and a hundred other things that I just don't seem to do. I guess we all want to do things better; I'm still picking my battles. I am reading more these days. But, I digress...

I had driven the seven hours to my destination, justifying it to myself as a change of scenery. I finished the work early, so I had he freedom to drive back that day instead of wait for a flight the next morning. I got home around 9 p.m., beat from the drive and ready to fall into bed. My wife had other ideas.

I walked in the door to find she had prepared a simple yet elegant dinner. Wine, candles, soft music playing. We enjoyed the meal, catching up and making small talk. Finishing, she sent me to the showers while she cleaned up.

With a towel wrapped around my waist, I entered the bedroom to find my lady reclining on the bed. She was on her left side facing me; head propped up on one arm and a twinkle in her eye. I drank in the sight of her. She wore nothing, but a pair of black stockings attached to a delicate garter. Her dark hair flowed freely over her shoulders. Her breasts, small and firm, were free and obviously aroused. I could see her dark nipples jutting out into the dim room. I could see how the garter and the stockings framed her well-manicured pussy. 

I know she is well-manicured, I do the manicuring. Once a week or once a month, I break out my special tool kit of the job. Small scissors, a small electric trimmer, razor and shave cream. She lets me be as creative as I like. Depending on my mood, I might cut a sexy "V", or a "landing strip," or when I'm really trying, I'll go for putting my initials there. Unfortunately, my zest often overruns my skill, and on these occasions, I'll wind up shaving her bare. She is always bare between her legs. I work slowly and deliberately to keep the growth from forming around her lips. I like nothing better than licking and sucking on her sweet, smooth pussy. Tonight, she had that simple, small triangle I had made last weekend.

"Wow...honey...I'm impressed, I'm just not sure I have it in me..." I started

"Don't worry, Baby," she interrupted "I just want to take care of you tonight. All you have to do is lay back and relax. Now come to bed."

Dropping the towel, I crawled into the king-sized bed with the covers turned all the way down. I lay on my back as she snuggles up close to me. Her right hand begins stroking my chest, fingers brushing gently across my nipples. 

"I just want you to relax now," she whispered in my ear. At the same moment, her right leg, encased in its stocking, began rubbing up and down my thighs. Light kisses on my neck, a small nibble on my ear, I was already putty in her hands.

"Do you like how I'm dressed?" she asked.

"Oh Baby, you are very beautiful tonight. You know what those stockings do to me." I whispered back. She did indeed know, for without a touch my cock had started to grow.

"Yes, I do." she snickered into my ear as her leg went high enough to graze over my dick. She rested it there, making sure I could feel the sensation of her stockings on my growing erection.

"You are so hard, do you like how they feel on you?" she asked.

"uuhh uummm..." was about all I could say. The truth is, I loved how her legs felt pressing against my cock, and I was so absorbed in it I could hardly speak.

She rubbed her nylon-clad thigh against my cock for a few more seconds, drawing out that first bead of pre-cum before rearranging herself on the bed. She scooted down so her head rested on my stomach, her left arm she squirmed under my lower back. With her right, she began slowly stroking my thighs and stomach, all around my dick, teasing it, coaxing it to become fully erect. 

"I like the way you look, too," she said, but I'm not sure she was talking to me. "So hard, so eager.

Her strokes on my thighs became slightly more forceful, egging my legs to part slightly. Her hand trailed up my inner thigh until she made contact with my scrotum. She gently raked it with her nails, causing my cock to jump and my balls to tighten. 

She was taking her time, enjoying all the sensations she was giving me, all the moans and gasps that escaped my lips. She played with my ballsack, isolating each testicle and rolling it around gently, or squeezing the whole thing in her fist. Never too much, it was like she was getting a feel for how far she could go with this part of my anatomy. She pulled the loose skin this way and that, marveling at how it returned to its former shape. 

All of this attention was having a desired effect on my raging dick, too. A small pool of pre-cum had now dribbled out of the slit at my crown and was pooling on my stomach. She had scooted so far down I could feel her breath fall over my moist head. The sensation was maddening, and would cause my hips to jump periodically.

She grabbed my balls tighter than she had since she started and lifted her head from my stomach. Freeing her arm under me, she pulled her hair back behind her ear and looked me in the eye. 

"I want to watch you cum. I want to see your spunk cover my tits," she started "I want to slowly jerk you off and watch all that jizz fly out of your dick. I want to see you out of control!"

"Who was this person?" I thought, "My wife never talked that way. Well, not never, sometimes in the heat of passion she would talk dirty, but never like this. Mind you, I'm not complaining, she probably added another half and inch to my dick with her words alone, but Wholly Shit!"

She didn't wait for a response; she resumed her position, laying her head on my stomach. Her hand left my balls and she formed a circle around the base of my dick with her thumb and index finger. She squeezed. She pulled that circle all the way up to the tip of my cock. The relief in that gesture, the release of all the tension built up, was tremendous. Nice for me, though I don't think that was her intention. The result for her was more of that pre-cum drooling out of me. 

By now, I had a fairly large puddle of the stuff on me, and she put it to good use. Dabbling her fingers in it, she began slowly coating my rod, making me slick from root to tip. Once she was satisfied that I was well lubricated, she made a loose fist at the base of my dick. Slowly, she began pumping me. She ran her fist up my length until my cock head popped out, then back down. I wished I could see her hand, her delicate fingers wrapped around my rod. I love to watch her stroke me. She was pumping me slowly with ever-increasing speed and pressure. 

I could hear her mewing; her sounds were incomprehensible as the pressure was building inside me. She started twisting her fist, now with a tight grip, over my head before returning to the base. 

My breathing was ragged. I was frustrated by not being able to see, by her slow, deliberate pace. She delighted in my hips jerking whenever she twisted her fist around my head. Sensing I was getting close, she rearranged herself yet again, moving so her tits hung above her busy fist.

"Are you gonna cum for me now, Baby?" She knew the answer. All I could do was grunt. "Cum for me, let me see you cum!"

I could feel it start. It started in my toes, as they curled up into the balls of my feet. The sensation traveled up my legs, past my knees and swelled in my thighs, where it seemed to pause for a second. She was fisting me in earnest now, jerking my dick hard and fast. Then, the pause in my thighs ended, and I could feel the explosion ripping from my cock. I growled and groaned, and over all of that, I could hear the first gob of cum splattering against her chest. Two, three more volleys of spunk followed quickly, each with diminishing force, until she was milking the last of it form my dick. 

She slowed her pumping fist, but insisted on running it over my now ultra sensitive head. She knows just how sensitive I am after an orgasm like that, but seemed to take some cruel pleasure in seeing me jump like I was on fire. Finally, she stopped and just held me tight in her grip. Turning to face me, I could see my white seed trickling over her tits. It coated her chest and was dripping off of her left breast. She smiled at me as she scooped it up with her fingers. She looked closely at the goo for a moment, then kind of shrugged and rubbed it in to her breasts.

"You look like a porn star." I told her.

"Aren't I your porn star?" She asked.

"I couldn't ask for more," I said, a satisfied, sleepy smile on my lips.

She reached over me to turn out the light. Snuggling up next to me, I could feel my sticky remnants on her chest. I stroked her back as we lay there, happy, content and ready to fall asleep.

"Tonight was for you, Baby," she said, "tomorrow is going to be for me."

I fell asleep with those words resonating in my ears.