  This is Part 3 in the Handi-Horny story. Stay tuned for more coming soon. Enjoy.

*****

Eve skipped panties and hastily slipped into a short sun dress. Her pussy was warm and pulsing, the lightest touch away from orgasming again. Emily's young pussy juices were all over her face, she could smell it, feel it. Her breathing came in short, quick breaths, not helping. 

After washing up and brushing her teeth, she arranged the scoop neck of her dress in the mirror. Her stiff, aching nipples were masked as much as possible by the floral print. She skipped a bra, relying on the elastic bust of the dress to keep her from jiggling too much. 

"Mom, table's ready!" Matt called from down the hall in the kitchen. 

Eve gathered herself, took a deep breath, and opened her bedroom door. Entering the kitchen, she saw Matt pouring drinks for the three of them. Emily was absent...a relief. Eve wasn't sure if she could look the young girl in the eye after their hot, spontaneous hook-up mere moments before.

"Where's Emily, Matty?", asked Eve, voice still husky. 

"She's in the driveway talking to her brother about something. I guess he's asking if she wants to split a pizza."

"We have plenty of pizza for Big Boy Brian...I mean...", Eve stumbled on her words, having just used her friend Nikki's nickname for Emily's brother. 

Matt shot her a look.

"It's Nikki's nickname, not mine. But he is a hunk, at least give your Mom that." Eve pictured Brian's tanned, ripped chest, mowing grass...

"Mom, I don't know. He eats a lot."

Eve opened the oven. "See, two large pizzas and I'll probably only have one slice, and Emily probably eats like me."

Matt wheeled outside onto the ramp leading to the driveway. The sun was low in the reddening sky, the trees still. 

Eve set a 4th table setting. As she did, her pulse picked up again, her pussy hot, excited about Brian coming over. It was all wrong. She shouldn't feel this way. It was her neighbor's kid, she told herself. Full-grown and out of highschool though, and Nikki always joked about all the naughty things she'd do with him...

"Hi Mrs. L", a baritone voice rumbled. The screen door creaked several times as Brian, Emily, and finally Matt came in from outside. 

She tried to respond, but no voice came out at first. "Hi Brian, glad you could join us." Her eyes inspected the cut outlines of his chest through his collared polo top. 

He smirked as his narrowed eyes drifted to her chest. "Thanks for the invite. I was just gettin' hungry. Little Twat...I mean...Emily, wasn't home yet."

Ignoring the slur, "Oh, your parents didn't tell you that we had her for the weekend?" Eve asked, pulling a chair out for Brian. He went heavy on the cologne. Normally, it would make her scrunch her nose, but now, at this moment, she secretly loved it and inhaled deeply. "Soda or would you like a beer?"

"Mom, Brian's not twenty-one yet!", Matt protested. 

"Brian drinks all the time", Emily countered. "Mom even picks him up beer saying it's safer to drink at home than out in the woods somewhere." 

Brian nodded. A douchey grin on his face. "Yeah, I'll have a beer. Whatever you got."

Normally when a young person was being a little shit, Eve would tell them to go get it themselves and say something like, 'I'm not your Mom'. However, she was willing to overlook a lot at the moment and simply obeyed and retrieved him one. "Dig in while the pies are hot."

Eve heard the shuffling of plates and cutting of slices. The cold air from the open fridge made her nipples twinge as she bent for a bottle. Popping the top, she paused, rubbing the bottle against herself. Her nipples stiffened. Her pulse quickened thinking about Brian. He knew they were hard. Her face reddened. Did she have no shame? 

Eve closed the door, turning, and observed Matt and Emily grinning at each other over slices. Brian, however, was eating with his head turned toward her. His eyes rose from down low on her body on up to her chest. She became overly self-conscious and her face warmed. Her nipples pressed at the fabric, pushing the dress outward at two distinct points. She did nothing to hide them. 

Taking a breath to calm her excitement, Eve passed the bottle to him, not meeting his eye, letting him look as much as he wanted. Did the crotch of his shorts just move? They were loose-flowing basketball shorts, and she could swear something moved. Is he aroused?

He grunted a 'thanks' and took a long swig. The cheeky turd shamelessly watched as her chest gently bounced as she took her own seat at the table. She never felt more aware of her body, especially her breasts. Warmth glowed between her thighs. 

"Mom, I want to show Emily that new show I'm watching", Matt suddenly said. "Can we go eat in my room?"

"That silly one? Sure. You two go have fun."

She and he were now alone. Eve heard Matt's TV power on and his show come up down the hall. Matt's door closed and it got suddenly quiet. She could hear herself chewing. 

Brian ate quickly. No time for small talk, only for eating. She wouldn't know what to talk about anyway. Eve finished her slice and then stuck a fork into the side salad she always ordered. 

"Is that how you do it?" Brian asked, breaking the monotony. 

Eve forced a swallow. "Excuse me?"

"Salad. Is that how you manage to look so...so...", he seemed at a loss for words.

"So -what?"

"Well, my friends think you're...hot", he quickly followed with a long pull on his beer, draining it. His face reddened, either from the embarrassment of what he just blurted out, or else the beer, or maybe both. 

Eve heard herself breathe then felt herself smile, like a little girl. She watched his smiling eyes as they moved from his plate back to her chest. She felt her chest rise and fall. Rise and fall. Her breasts never felt so perky and full. Her nipples...they begged to be released. The thin, scrunchy material barely contained them. She glanced down. They were pointing straight forward, at least a half inch outward. She was glad Emily and Matty left the room. 

"I'm sorry if...", Brian started. "I'm sorry if we embarrassed you at all."

Eve regained her focus. Her eyes moved between his reddish lips and the stubble he seemed to always keep on his tanned face. "What do you mean? Another beer?" Without waiting, Eve rose and turned her back to him, heading for the fridge. Her legs felt unusually bare as her dress flowed around them. Did she wear panties?

"My friends and I. We're just joking around, you know?" 

"Joking around?" Her voice muffled somewhat by the fridge interior. Pulse beating like a drum in her ears.

"You know. Like when you come home and say hi to us when we're hanging out."

Eve closed the door and turned back to him, two bottles in hand. "I haven't had a drink in ages. Cheers." They both drank, tipping them back.

"We don't mean anything by it. It's just...just..." Brian seemed at a loss for words. His eyes darted from her eyes to her chest and then one of her nipples to the other, hands gesturing. 

Eve cut in, "You're just young, virile guys, doing what young, virile guys do. You should see the ball boys at the tennis club. Burning holes through our clothes, staring at our bodies. Is it kinda creepy? Sometimes." She tossed the bottle in the bin. Leaning back on the counter, she crossing her legs, posing a bit. Her tilted head made her hair fall onto one shoulder. She felt very sexy in his presence. "But it feels good, too." Eve watched, waited. Did his shorts move again? She thought she saw a lump.

Brian dropped his gaze. "Well, you're a lot to look at. I mean..."

"You mean -what?" She turned back to the fridge and grabbed a six-pack this time. She felt warm. Buzzed. She was enjoying this. His compliments fed the growing lust inside her. His cock was letting her know that she turned him on. His cock, was it big? 

Brian moved his beer in front of his crotch at that very moment and smiled. 

Did he see her staring? Was she staring? She was only looking, she thought to herself. His friends certainly ogled her body. It made her feel desired. Wanted. Her face warmed again, her cheeks blushing.

She lifted the six pack in front of him. He took it, cradling it in his muscular arms. The lump in his shorts was bigger, pointing downward. She could see the outline now. 

"You have something in your hair." Eve lied. She stepped into him, pretending to pick something from his short hair. Her breasts made contact with his arm. She let him smell her. Let him feel her as she pressed her breasts into him. He moved his arm slightly. Her nipples roused. She knew he felt them, poking him. 

"There we go, all gone." Eve lied again, stepping back. She glanced downward. He started pitching a tent, right there in her kitchen. Brian blushed. Checking the hallway to be sure no one was there, she turned to Brian and continued her earlier question, "What do you mean, 'I'm a lot to look at?" Her breathing quickened. She dared him to answer, to admit she made him hard. 

Grasping the six pack, high to his chest, he blurted, "You're stacked, Mrs. L! No doubt about it." He grinned, turned quickly and then headed out the door.

Eve giggled, holding the back of her hand to her mouth trying to contain it. She felt feminine. She felt desired. Her own desire rose. Satisfied Matty and Emily were still in his room, Eve followed him outside. He strode, slightly bent, to his usual hang-out spot, to a group of lawn chairs just behind his parents' house with a view of their, and her, driveways. Evening was gathering quickly. A light breeze picked up her skirt and tousled her hair. She had a sudden start that someone may be watching and so she paused to scan her surroundings. It wasn't too late to call it a night, to tell Brian that she'd had enough beer for one night. Her mind swam. A mind quite curious about the growing cock inside that young man's shorts. Too curious? She proceeded down her steps and across the way.

Dusk was settling. Shadows lengthened. Glimpses of dwindling, reddish sunlight twinkled through leaves here and there. Two stars twinkled in the darkening sky over head. Nosy Mr. Stimpleton raked leaves in the next yard past Brian's, his balding head barely visible through the tall hedge that separated their yards. She didn't think he noticed them. The thought that he might see them together both scared and excited her. 

Brian opened two cold ones and handed her a bottle. Settling into the same lawn chairs his friends used to leer at her, Eve casually crossed her legs. Her sun dress pulled tightly around her, exposed the paleness of those upper parts of her legs that rarely saw the light of day. She was showing more of herself than she intended to, and it turned her on. Head turned, she pretended to admire the hedges hoping he'd check her out. "Wow, it looks really nice back here. You're a really good landscaper."

She turned back to see him leaning forward in his chair, devouring her pale thighs with his eyes. It was growing too dark for him to see more. Or was it? He took another swig, slowly nodding, and then looked at the same hedges. "Thanks."

"Do have a girlfriend?" Eve was dying to know. Was anyone satisfying this young hunk?

Brian looked at the ground and gave a sigh. "Sure, I did. Not now. Not anymore. She went off to college." He made a face like he could give a shit. 

Eve continued. "You must have another one waiting in the wings, a hunk like you. Look at those muscles." She shamelessly looked at him now. Weighed his physique. That tan. A young stud.

Brian check out his own arms. "Sure, sure. I don't know. I guess I'm shy or something. Haven't really looked."

"And your friends, are they hopelessly single too? Shy boys don't usually ogle grown women like you boys do." Eve teased. 

He blushed again. "Sorry about that. It's just. I don't know. I can't help it, I guess." A nervous smile flashed across his tanned face. He looked slightly uncomfortable and shifted in his chair. The light was fading quickly now. 

Eve's head buzzed warmly from another finished beer. She rarely drank more than one, ever. Her hair twirled in a sudden breeze. She casually raised her arms to straighten her hair. Her breasts lifted. The dress stretched to accommodate them. Her nipples pointed slightly outwards away from each other now. She could feel them being tugged. "You can't help it? Can't help staring at...me?" She was feeling rather playful now. She was the cat and he was her mouse. A plaything. Dropping her hair, she sat forward in her chair, hands in her lap, her breasts pressing against the scrunched elastic of her dress. She watched his eyes dart to her cleavage. "You're doing it now."

"Sorry, sorry!" he laughed between words and beer, but stayed looking at her chest. "They're just, so...so...big! How did you grow them?" He giggled like a drunken hyena this time and rocked back in his chair. 

Eve instinctively protected her breasts with crossed arms. "Shush. We don't want mister nosy over there getting the wrong idea, now do we?" Secretly, that thought that Mr. Baldy was perving on her made her wet. 

His giggling sputtered out. He popped another beer, pleased with himself. The evening's darkness was coming quickly now, many more stars overhead. The sky a deep, dark blue. A muffled electric hedgeclipper was running somewhere behind the hedge next door. 

"That old man just don't quit." Brian muttered, taking another draught.

Eve's pulse had been pounding harder and harder in her head. Her pussy was hot. Her breasts ached, wanting to be freed. Wanting to be bared, to be handled. Man-handled. It was growing dark. No one would see, she told herself. She wondered how big his cock was fully erect. Her pussy tingled. 

"I need to take a wizz. Be right back, Mrs. L"

"Eve."

"Wha?"

"It's Eve. Call me Eve."

"Well alright. Eve". He disappeared inside, stumbling, and all was quiet. 

In the veil of night enveloping the world around her, Eve shot a glance toward Mr. Stimpleton's house. The hedgeclippers were still running, but she couldn't make out where he was. With a cool night's breeze blowing through her hair, she leaned back in the chair, letting her ass slide forward and uncrossed her legs. Her dress slid up and cool air tickled her slick, wet pussy. Her nipples stiffened. She touched her pussy lips with her hand, eyes closed. They were wet. Slippery. Swollen. Two fingers felt for her budding clit and rubbed. She pinched her left nipple through her dress. Her head swooned. She rubbed faster. Her breasts rose with each breath, quickening. Droplets splattered her thighs as she rubbed faster and faster. She opened her legs more. 

A toilet flushed and then footsteps thumped toward her from inside the house. She snapped her hand from her nether and closed her legs. Sitting upright, she pulled down her dress a bit. A bright light turned on, blinding her. Holding a hand to shield her eyes, she called out, "shut it off!"

"Wha?", the screen door opened with Brian coming behind it. 

"Shut if off, please!" Eve pleaded. She didn't want to be seen. It was irrational, she knew, because bald, Mr. Stimpleton probably already knew they were here, together, but she felt uncomfortable anyway. Exposed. "Don't you want to see the stars?" she asked, fibbing.

"Okay, okay." He sounded disappointed but shut it off nonetheless. 

He awkwardly held his beer in front of his crotch as he descended the steps, avoiding her eyes. The light was dim, but she could still see him clear enough in the late evening dusk. Did he have a raging boner?

"What's wrong?" Eve asked, knowingly. "Did you hurt yourself?" She smiled slyly before putting the bottle to her lips, looking at his crotch. Hoping to see something. A coiled snake. A stiff banana. Anything.

He quickly sat down, never moving the bottle from in front himself. "Nice night." was all he could manage.

"I'm out of beer. Can I have yours?" she lied, tossing her bottle, lost to the shadows. 

"Um..."

Without asking, she slid her chair right in front of him so their legs touched and reached for his bottle, grasping it firmly. 

"Oh shit..." he murmured, clearly embarrassed. She giggled as she pretended to wrestle it from his grasp. He finally let go of the bottle.

Eve snatched the bottle from him, eyes locked on his crotch. A thick bulge ran down his shorts. It was huge! "My!" was all she could say as she took a long draught, tonguing the rim of the bottle, imagining it was his cock. She stared at it. It moved. He tried to cover it with his hands.

"No, please." Eve said. "I like it." She took another look around. No one. She gently pried his hands away, her view unimpeded. "Did I do that?" she asked, her voice a half-whisper. 

"Yes. Sorry. Really." Brian stammered, clearly embarrassed. 

"Here, hold this." Eve handed his beer back to him. He took it, gratefully. Eve stood up in front of him. "I feel bad that you have a hard-on..." she spoke in a low voice,. "...and you didn't even get to see my breasts yet. Would you like to see them?" Her pussy flashed with heat. Her nipples ached. Her head buzzed warmly, inhibition melting away. She stood in front of him. A bitch in heat, and he probably had no idea. 

His mouth agape, all he could do was nod, slightly. Eve didn't hesitate. She leaned forward slightly. Brian was entranced by the movement of her chest and the shadow of her cleavage. She took his hands in her own and guided them toward the top of her dress. Encouraging him, she steered his hands further to the fabric edge. His fingers found purchase, and curled at the hem. A hint of pale tanlines showed in the starlight. "Go ahead, Brian. Now's your chance." she whispered, taking her hands off of his. 

She straightened up and as she did so, her dress pulled even more, revealing more pale skin as Brian continued holding on to the fabric. Her pulse drummed. Perspiration trickled down her spine. A drop of another kind seeped down her thigh. Brian's grip remained. He was silent, absorbed in the act. Her dress pulled more now, half her breasts exposed. Her nipples caught. Brian made a slight tug and out they popped. She heard him exhale and looked at him, biting her lip. She watched him as he took a hand and grabbed his crotch, giving it a squeeze. Smiling coyly, she helped him pull her breasts all the way out until finally both of her heavy, teardrop-shaped breasts sprang free. She shimmied the fabric all the way to just below her hip bones but above her muff. She stood half naked in front of him. Moonlight made the paleness of her breasts shine, the darkness of her nipples clearly visible. Her nipples were as hard as ever, begging to be touched, licked, sucked. The memory of Emily's small mouth sucking on them popped into her head and made them stiffen. 

Brian licked his lips but didn't move an inch. One hand on his crotch, the other reached for his bottle. 

"What do you think?" Emily asked, voice husky. She leaned forward grabbing onto his arm rests, letting her nose touch his cheek. Her long, blonde perfumed hair lifted in the cool, night's breeze, falling gently in Brian's face. Her breasts pressed into his chest. She savored his scratchy shirt on her hard nipples and gently moved them side to side before pulling back slightly so he could get a nice close-up view of them.

"They're...amazing!" Brian irreverently blurted, face roving side-to-side, drinking them in, hard nipples pointing. He put the bottle down and slowly reached for them with both hands. Eve playfully backed them from his outstretched fingers. She could just feel the heat from his large hands. He looked up at her, expectantly. She licked her lips, smiled and then looked down at her own nakedness and leaned forward again. She pushed her nipples into Brian's waiting hands. Gently rubbing them across his palms. He was mesmerized and didn't move a muscle. She then teased his fingers by running her nipples across them, back and forth. Wisps of her hair fell down onto her breasts and his hands, adding to the experience. A quiet, feminine giggle poured out of her as she noticed that he was holding his breath. 
