 Author's note: the following story is purely a work of fiction and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental. The author wishes to express his gratitude to Copperbutterfly for her editing to make this a better story.

I had been working in the Information Systems Department on a Claims project for nearly two years before Elia came into my life. It's not as if she had any intention of having anything to do with me; it was, in her mind, unavoidable. She took a job in the same department working on the finance side of the house, an entirely different account but part of the same organization at the regional level.

We happened to have offices on the same floor of a fourteen story building, although Elia was near the west end of the building and I was against the east wall. Since the building was a city block square, I didn't get to see much of her – never because she came to my part of the building, but only when I went by her workstation or saw her in the coffee room.

In my opinion, Elia was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. She had a gorgeous face, long blonde hair, and a curvy body with large boobs, small waist, and a perfectly round bottom that swayed like little animals in a squirrel cage when she walked. She had a nice personality; I know, because I listened to her talk to her co-workers whenever I could.

But that's not the way she treated me. If she could have completely ignored me, I'm sure she would have. Even when I said, "Hello" in passing, she looked at me like I had two heads. Well, I did but at the time, that's not the heads I'm talking about. The only times she spoke to me was when she had to be civil or pass information, which was not often. Other than that, she turned up her nose when I was around. It was obvious that she wanted nothing to do with me.

Gradually I'd put Elia out of my mind and gone on with my work. Then I'd happen to spot her in the coffee room or down in the cafeteria or in one of the underground shops and my thoughts always turned prurient. She didn't discourage those thoughts by the way she dressed either. She wore mostly white blouses with frilly trim and a deep vee that showed her generous cleavage. She wore short, tight skirts that accentuated her rounded ass and highlighted her long legs. I think most of the guys in the shop thought about sex with Elia. I wondered which of them actually got lucky.

Sigh! Back to work, I put thoughts of bedding Elia in the far recesses of my mind. My project heated up as milestone after milestone passed and the target deadline approached. It was going well but one thing you can count on in data processing is Murphy's Law: Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. Problem after problem arose and my hours went from a typical workweek to 50 hours to 60 hours to 80 hours and finally 110 hours a week. It was a miserable life but at least I wasn't mooning about Elia.

The implementation deadline arrived – the Tuesday after Memorial Day, late in May – and fortunately we made it. The project was a success, at least initially. We'd have to see how it shook out in the months to follow. There were always changes to be made, things that had gone unforeseen. At least, my hours dropped back to a semblance of normality. I even got a couple of days off to rest and recuperate. Boy, did I need it! I was tuckered.

As it turned out, things went much better than I expected. There were very few glitches and even fewer requests for changes, but those helped the time pass rather quickly.

Then the second week in June, the regional group held their annual picnic at a huge park just a few miles from the office. I was always kind of ambivalent about attending those kinds of functions, because spouses and families were invited; since I was not married and did not have kids, I felt a little out of place.

However since I was really tired after the ordeal of the implementation, I decided I would go this year, if for no other reason than to get outside and get some fresh air – well, as fresh as you can get in the confines of a metropolitan area. Mid-morning Saturday, I walked my Harley-Davidson Heritage Softail Classic motorcycle out of the garage, took time to wipe it down with a soft cloth so that it was shiny blue, and cranked it up.

Although I didn't usually ride the motor - the slang for motorcycle from my old southern stomping grounds - during the week, riding on the open road was something I loved to do during the warmer months, something that was a bit of a problem in the upper mid-west state where I lived. However June was usually a great month for riding and the forecast was for sunshine all weekend. It was a nice leisurely drive to the park where the picnic was being held.

There were four accounts, comprised of about 275 people, in the regional group, all invited to participate. When you add kids and spouses or significant others, it made for a substantial gathering, even when you take out some of the people who never appear to socialize. I guessed that there was well over 500 people in the pavilion area by the time I arrived.

Grabbing a can of Coke from a cooler, I began wandering through the groups of people standing around talking. It is amazing how many people you get to know in a setting like that. I have to admit too that I kept a watchful eye out for all the females because it was a wonderful opportunity for them to get out in skimpy clothing and enjoy the nice weather. Most of them were just beginning to work on a summer tan so quite a bit of white skin was flashed around.

I really loved all the very short shorts on women with tight little butts – or even on broader, not-so-tight butts. And boobs galore. Everywhere I looked there were boobs unleashed. Boobs in tank tops with no bras, boobs in cut-off T-shirts with no halters, boobs in loose knit tops with little straps that didn't cover anything when their wearer bent over the coolers! I have to admit that I didn't care whether they had a ring on their finger or not – if a lady flashed her goods, I looked! I was glad I had come.

When the grillers clanged on a dinner bell to signal the beginning of lunch, I waited and watched for a while longer, surveying the four lines of people who passed by the food tables. I did a double-take when I noticed Elia in one of the lines; she was as sexy as ever and easily the most beautiful woman I had seen there. However she gave no indication of seeing me – unless it was when she turned her back to me.

It took a good 45 minutes for the lines to work down appreciably so I got up and went to the end of one. I got a couple of hot dogs and some chips, along with another can of pop and then stood off to one side to eat, since all the tables I could see were fully occupied. I didn't mind. In fact I enjoyed listening to the hubbub of the crowd. I had just dropped my trash into a garbage bin and picked up my Coke when I felt a hand tracing the logo on the back of my black leather vest ... the logo of the local chapter of HD owners to which I belonged.

As I started to turn, I heard a voice ask, "So ... are you a motorcycle owner?"

To my shock, it was Elia.

"Yes, I am. A proud owner, I must say."

"Oh? What kind?'

"It's a Harley-Davidson Heritage Softail Classic, 1450 cc, sunglo blue. Would you like to see it?"

"Sure. In the parking lot?"

"Uh, huh. Right over ... there." I pointed in the direction where I had parked. "Do you ride?"

"No, I never have. But I've always wanted to."

"Really? It can be a lot of fun. You know, wind in your face and all that."

She laughed, a sound I don't think I had ever heard before. "And bugs in your teeth?"

"Well, yeah, sometimes. But not too often. I'd rather wear a helmet with a shield then eat the bugs. Here it is."

"Wow! That's a beauty. I like the blue color ... and the black saddlebags ... and the back rest. Is it fast?"

"Yeah, faster than I've ever been able to let it out."

"So what's the fastest you've ever been on it."

"Well ... promise you won't tell ... once, on the interstate up north, I let it out to 92 before I had to shut it back down."

"Wow! I'll bet that was fun. Do you give rides?"

"Oh, I could be persuaded."

She laughed. "Okay, what would it take to persuade you to take me for a ride?"

I chuckled. "I could say something else but ... just you asking would be enough.'

"Good. Would you take me for a ride?"

"Of course."

I took off my back-up helmet and helped her get it on, finding myself having a hard time buckling the strap under her chin. I gave her some quick instructions about using the buddy pegs and leaning the same way I did when we turned and not putting her feet down. I mounted up and she climbed on behind me. I asked her to hold onto my belt loops for safety and so I'd know that she was still there. 

Pushing the electric starter, the motor turned over and caught immediately. I flicked the intercom switch and asked if she was ready; I think the intercom in the helmets startled her. 

I headed off up the park road, which was a little primitive, eventually changing from pavement to gravel, but it wandered for several miles before it looped back into the picnic area. We had been on the gravel portion for only a few minutes when I realized that Elia was pressed against my back and her hands were clasped around my waist. I have to admit that I liked the pressure from her boobs, even through the protection of the leather vest.

Ohmigosh! It felt so good to have Elia riding so close to me. Even her helmet pressed against the back of mine and I could feel her watching over my shoulder. And it had to turn sexual – my cock began to grow hard, even as I told myself that she didn't mean anything by this. Once we got off the motorcycle, she'd be her usual aloof self.

"Are you all right?" I asked.

"Oh, yeah!" she responded with enthusiasm. "Can you go any faster?"

"Sure but on this road, it will be pretty bumpy."

"That's alright."

So I opened the throttle a little. We still weren't travelling fast but I saw in the mirrors that we were leaving a rooster tail of dust in the air.

Five or six minutes later, her left hand unclasped and reached between my legs! It couldn't have been an accident; she actually stroked my rigid cock. Not once but repeatedly.

"Are you still alright?" I asked.

"Oh, god! I am so fucking horny," came the breathless response.

We were on the back side of the park road by then and would soon be heading back to the picnic area. I knew that just ahead there was an old trail now closed so I slowed as we approached it, turning to cross the culvert and we rode into the woods. Elia didn't say a word but her hand now grasped my cock as if it might get away.

Just a little way off the road, we came into a small clearing. I stopped, killed the motor and put it on the kickstand while Elia was dismounting. By the time I swung off the motor, she had her shorts and panties kicked off and was looking for a spot to lay down.

Brushing aside some small branches, Elia lay down and beckoned. I had lowered my jeans and briefs enough to free my cock and I knelt between her legs. She grabbed my head and planted a big sloppy kiss on my mouth as I groped for her opening. Finding it soaking wet, I slipped my cock into her and returned the kiss.

I was amazed at how quickly Elia came, and how intense her orgasm was. With our mouths locked together, I kept humping her pussy and she soon joined me by wrapping her legs around my waist and thrusting up to the same rhythm as my thrusts into her. I had to be careful that I didn't back all the way out of her precious cunt.

When I broke our kiss, I started kissing down her neck and into the valley between her breasts. Impatiently she jerked her top up, giving me easy access to her big tits. Her nipples were rock hard little pebbles and soon after I started sucking, she started moaning again, saying that she was going to cum, begging me not to stop. As if I would!

Sure enough she exploded again, her pussy milking my cock as she came. When she relaxed again, I resumed my pussy pumping. A few minutes later, her hands began to explore my body as if she was in a hurry to find a treasure or something. Incessantly her fingers moved, rubbing my chest, my back, my balls, my buttocks, my upper thighs as far as she could reach and then over again. I especially loved it when she squeezed my buns and my balls and all too soon I was banging her for all I was worth.

I felt my impending orgasm just seconds before it happened and then I was spewing my cum into her pussy. Just as I was dribbling out the last of my cum, she screamed that she was cumming again and asked me to keep fucking her. I did, for as long as I could go, long enough to get her through her climax and let her down gently on the other side of it. By then, I could barely support my own weight.

She was holding me above her, my deflating cock withdrawing from her flowing cunt, when she asked, "Why didn't you let me know, baby?"

"Know what?"

"Know what a good lover you are."

"I ... uh, well, I don't guess ... I don't know."

"Oh, sugar, that was wonderful. We'd better get back now."

I grinned as I watched Elia stuff a handful of tissues in her pussy to keep from leaking. We dressed and headed back. 

We were nearly to the picnic area when she asked, "Are you going to take me riding again?"

"Sure. Anytime you'd like to."

"Good. I'd like that. When will the next time be?"

"How about a road trip tomorrow?"

"I'll be ready."

She gave me her address and we agreed on a ten o'clock start time. That would give us three hours out, three hours back and still be home by four o'clock.

Although the picnic was still in full swing, with afternoon activities all around, it wasn't the same after that. I stayed around for another couple of hours but I couldn't wipe the smile off my face, especially every time I spotted Elia again. Finally I headed home, full of the greatest memories of my life.

The following morning, I fixed some sandwiches and put them and chips and cookies in one saddlebag compartment along with some canned drinks and a freezer pouch in another compartment. I pulled up in Elia's driveway a couple minutes before ten.

She was rip-roaring ready to go, skipping down the sidewalk before I could get up to her door. Before she let me put the helmet over her head, she flipped up my visor and kissed me passionately. I must say I was impressed.

I told her I had planned to take the interstate north a little way and then switch to a state highway along one of the Great Lakes for a scenic ride. Then after a while we could find a place to stop and have lunch and follow some of the less traveled roads to the interior and back home, all probably in six or seven hours, give or take. She said that sounded good. I noticed she had put on some sunblock for protection.

For the interstate part of the ride – about 32 miles – I noticed that Elia sat back against the back rest although she still held onto my belt loops. I put some soft music on the intercom, although our occasional comments cut off the music temporarily. Still most of the way, she was silent; I think she was awed by the speed of the pavement passing under her feet at 70 MPH.

When I turned off onto an access road, made a short jaunt to get to the state highway I wanted, Elia moved forward and pressed into my back again, her tits leaving an indentation in my libido, causing a growing feeling in my crotch again. She locked her hands around my waist and looked over my shoulder. 

Although we weren't traveling quite as fast, even 50 MPH feels fast on a bit rougher pavement. It was asphalt but with a grainy texture so that there was a constant gentle vibration through the bike. She commented several times about the little black squirrels that scampered across the road in front of us or in yards we passed. She exclaimed about the occasional magnificent views of the lake. In short, she seemed to be enjoying herself.

After some minutes, I noticed her hands slipping down from my waist until she had them clasped over my erection – oh, sure, I'd had a hard-on since shortly after we started the ride. And now, it certainly wasn't going to go away! Especially not when every so often with the road ahead being clear, her left hand rubbed down my shaft, cupped my balls and then wandered back to the other hand around the top of my cock.

We passed through three moderate sized little towns but Elia didn't remove her hands. After the third one, I asked, "Are you alright?"

"Um," she replied.

We rode on until I turned off the highway onto a county road, aiming toward the interior. The ride got a little rougher. In a few minutes, Elia's hands began floating up and down my shaft.

"Are you alright?" I asked.

"Oh, god! I am so fucking horny. Please find a place where we can fuck." 

Elia's voice was husky and I knew she didn't mean in ten minutes. A few seconds later, I spotted a partially grow-over trail through the undergrowth and turned the motorcycle into it. It couldn't have been a better choice. We came to the bank of a lazy little river and with a little effort, I tromped down a mat of knee-high grass that made a great bed. By the time I turned back to Elia, she was naked and tugging on my belt.

Determined to get a taste of her, I dropped my head between her legs and began to tongue her pussy. It took me exactly three licks to make her cum. I guess she really was horny. I kept licking and sucking until she had cum two more time; by then my face was well-covered with her juices.

Elia's arms and legs were splayed out to the sides and her face was wearing a lopsided grin. I slid up her form and eased my cock into her frothy pussy, going balls deep with the first easy push. With me leaning over her, she stuck out her tongue to meet my kiss and shared her own tastes with me.

I began to pump her pussy, slowly at first, gradually picking up speed. I hadn't gotten far before Elia came again. I couldn't believe how turned on she was. And each time she came, her pussy sucked on my cock like a milking machine. She came four times before I couldn't hold back any longer and shot my load of white hot cum deep into her twat. Elia pulled me down to lay on top of her, covering my face and neck with kisses.

Without even dressing, we pulled out the food and ate lunch in the little "bed" area. We lay back on the soft grass and talked. I asked her if she had a boyfriend at the present time and she responded that she didn't. She asked if I was married or if I had a girlfriend, both of which I responded to in the negative. She asked if I was going to fuck her again and I answered in the positive.

Elia got on hands and knees and let me plow her from behind, a very erotic view and a fantastic fuck. I only got her to cum one more time that way, but she seemed happy with it and she used both hands to make love to my balls, bringing me to a great conclusion.

We finally dressed and headed home, following my laid-out plan that let us stay off the main highways until the last few miles. 

When I pulled into Elia's driveway and stopped she asked, "Would you like to come in for a while?"

"Well, I ... "

"Don't stutter, honey. I'm horny again and I need your help. Yes or no?"

I shut off the motor and hurriedly followed her into the house. I didn't get home until nearly one o'clock in the morning.

Monday morning I was deep into researching a little program problem when Elia eased around the end of my cube and said, "Good morning. How are you?"

I grinned at her. "I'm doing fine. How about you?"

"Never better. Hope you weren't too late last night."

"No, although I couldn't stay up that late every night."

She giggled. "I know. I'll try not to do that to you again."

"Oh, I don't mind ... really!"
