 I met Amy via one of those online adult dating sites. You know, the 'free' ones which end up being useless unless you give them your credit card number and pay a monthly fee?

She had an extensive photo gallery of herself on her profile, username handjob_amy69, which I thoroughly enjoyed perusing and jerking off to. She had rich auburn medium-length hair with cute box-bangs which framed her gorgeous light-skinned face which dimpled when she smiled. Her body was petite, except for her tits which were ridiculously overdeveloped, i.e. perfect. Her nipples blasted forth in the blustery autumn wind from beneath her snug-fitting band T-shirts and jutted out like cherries atop her massive round Jello-pudding boob-spheres. Her legs were as long as the list of porn-stars I'd like to fuck, slender, graceful and sexy. Her ass was medium-sized and utterly perfectly sculpted. Her cunt and asshole she kept immaculately waxed bald. She was not ashamed of posing in the nude even in the most pornographic of postures, in fact judging by her profile pics, she seemed to relish it.

But all this I'd only seen from her profile pictures on the site. At first I was well aware that she could have in fact been a fat disgusting bald gay male trucker, so we agreed to meet in a very public place first. But she turned out to be hotter than hot; we hit it off and decided to catch a movie together. But before we went, she told me something a little strange:

'John, it's nothing personal, what I'm about to say. It's just how I do things since joining the dating site. I like you so far, and I want to go out with you. But even if things go super well, we won't be having more than three dates; three dates is my maximum. I know it must sound strange, but... can you respect that?'

'Well yeah, ok. Can I ask you why?'

'I'd really rather not get into it. Is that too weird, or do you think you can you handle it?'

I told her I could manage and we headed off to a theater together.

I couldn't even tell you what the movie was about because as soon as the previews began, we started making out in the back row of the theater in the dark, groping each other and eventually stroking each others crotches... hard. I could soon feel her getting wet even through her jeans.

But before I could drag her out of there and suggest we go find a room, she carefully undid my fly- right there in the theater- slipped her hand in, briefly massaged my balls, and then pulled my hard cock out into the open air.

I heard her snapping open a tube of something and applying it to her hand, and then- bliss! she touched my dick with her hand again: it was Vaseline (and such a sweet sensation!)

Her warm Vaseline'd hand felt so sexy on my horny dick! She slid her hand slowly up and down the length of my raging cock, sliding nearly frictionlessly along my hard twitching shaft amidst the oily lubricant. Meanwhile she kissed my lips. Her soft delicate mouth tasted like strawberries and I wished I could fuck her.

I groped one of her huge tits and hard nipples in the dark through her T-shirt as she jerked me off in the back row. Then I slid my hand up underneath her shirt and felt up the real thing; it was soft yet firm, huge, warm and awesome, with the sexiest huge hard nipple I'd ever touched. The touch of her amazing boob made me want to cum immediately, but I held on a bit longer. 

It was sheer bliss to have her jerking my cock this way, slowly yet firmly with Vaseline, my hand squeezing up her enormous chest, and her lips and tongue pressed into mine.

I began subtly bucking my cock up into her jerking hand beyond my control, and she slowly sped up the speed of the thrusts of her Vaseline'd hand along my rod. She jerked me for several more minutes until the pleasure was finally too much to endure. I squeezed her massive tit for dear life and thrust my hungry tongue down her throat as her hand beat my dick at an astounding tempo. 

And finally, I let fly. Cum flowed up my dick from my balls and erupted out of the tip in a long rope of ecstasy-jelly, splattering down on my stomach and crotch, the seat, and her jerking hand. I sank back into my seat convulsing euphorically as I came mind-bendingly hard, her hand still a pumping blur on my still cumming dick. I nearly cried out in uncontrollable pleasure, but managed to maintain it to a rather loud groan. (It was fortunate I didn't cum on anyone sitting in front of us! Anyway, the nearest people were a couple rows away.)

'Shhhh!' some shits in front of us hissed.

Amy pulled out some tissues and mopped me up once my orgasm had subsided. I stuffed my bewildered sausage back into the pants and caught my breath.

Shortly thereafter I returned Amy the favor. I kissed her sexy mouth, slowly undid her jeans and slipped a hand down into her honey-zone.

Her pussy was wet from the excitement of jerking me off, hot and smooth as porcelain. I explored its hot slippery folds with my fingers, teasing her expanding clitoris, until finally sinking my middle finger into her tight hole.

She let out a quiet sigh and pressed my hand deeper into her pussy. 

I gently worked her cavern, paying special attention to the roof, until she'd dilated and then I added two more fingers. She held my head firmly onto hers and kissed me passionately as I fingered her exquisite wet cunt. Finally I was pumping four fingers up her twat, massaging the roof and presumably her G-spot, as she was bucking her hips up into my fucking fingers in desperate pleasure. 

'I'm gonna cum!' she whispered barely audibly into my ear, then suddenly she gushed and her hips spasmed, bucking into my hand as she came hard. She gripped her own tits and squeezed them hard as she shook and came, my hand still pumping in and out of her wet fuck-hole. 

I know she was trying to be quiet, but she couldn't help letting out muffled squeaks of pleasure as she came, and then unfortunately a rather loud pornographic-sounding exclamation of, 'Oh fuck!'

'Shhhhhhh!' came the shits from in front again.

We kissed, mopped up, and stayed for the rest of the film, but I was in a daze... a horny and cum-drained daze, and didn't notice a thing on the screen.

...

Our second date was one afternoon in Central Park. Amy was looking fantastic in a T-shirt and jeans. We strolled hand in hand and made small talk. Eventually, we found a bench in a relatively secluded spot nearly surrounded by beautiful trees. 

We sat down and immediately started making out. It wasn't long before our hands were audaciously feeling up each other's crotches once again. 

'I want you to jerk off on me...' she told me all of the sudden slightly out of breath. 'It would really turn me on if you could do that for me... Can you do it, please?'

'What, you mean right here?'

'Right fucking here, yes. Just stand up like this... that's it; now just whip out your cock and jerk off on me...'

I stood in front of her, glanced around us to make sure there weren't any creeps watching, and took out my hard dick.

'You think you might be able to give it a quick suck before I do this, baby?' I asked hopefully.

She bit her lip. 'I really want to! I promise if you do this for me now, next time I will suck your cock and swallow your cum, ok? It's just this is a fantasy I've had for a while and I was really hoping...'

'Ok; you've got a deal, babe!'

She brought out the Vaseline again and offered it to my palm. I took a big pile of it as she was telling me once again to jerk off over her.

I looked down at her and began beating my hard meat which was now copiously lubed up with Vaseline. She was fucking hot! She spread open her legs in the tight dark blue jeans she was wearing and made eyes at me as I fucked myself just inches from her fit sexy body. It felt fantastic! She flashed me her gorgeous tits, and I couldn't help imagining her fulfilling her promise to suck my dick next time!

At one point she reached forward and momentarily massaged my swinging balls as I jerked myself off. Then she pulled her hands back and stuffed her tits back into her shirt as if remembering herself. Her nipples were jutting forth underneath her tight T. She opened her mouth like she was saying 'ah,' her tongue pointing down towards her chin. The horny sight of her and what she was letting- encouraging- me to do brought me near to cumming at that moment.

'I'm about to cum, Amy- where do you want it?' I said desperately after a while longer of jerking myself off to her hot fucking beauty.

'Right here, cum on the cunt of my jeans, ok?' she said indicating her crotch, the jeans pressed tight against her pussy lips between her spread open thighs, creating a slight camel toe. 

'Right there?' I confirmed teasingly. 

'Right here, baby...' and she began making moaning sounds to encourage me, 'Ooh! Uh! Ooh! Yeah! Cum on me, baby! Right here on the cunt of my jeans! Ooh!'

She spread her legs as wide as she could apart and sat on both her hands to accept my cum. Until finally- Boom! Cum blasted forth from my cock amidst my blurry pumping hand, and I painted it all across her pussy through her jeans, back and forth, painting her cunt from left to right, top to bottom until it was fairly covered with a little white puddle of my jizz.

'Ooooh!' I grunted as I came, and she moaned too, smiling lustfully as I exploded on her crotch. 

I kept pumping my hand along my purple cumming dick until the last strings of fuck-sauce had been drained from my overwhelmed balls.

I shook and convulsed several last few times, shaking my cock over her cunt to un-stick the last cum-string from my cock-hole, before stuffing my meat back into the pants.

'Oh! Fuck yeah! Thank you!' Amy cooed, and she smeared it all into her jeans, massaging it in all in, soaking her crotch with my cum, and laughed.

I collapsed onto the bench beside her and she took out the tissues to clean up a bit. But strangely, she left all my cum on the crotch of her jeans...

Later on we had coffee.

...

Our third and what was to unfortunately be our final date was at a nice restaurant. Amy looked ravishing. We wined and dined until it was time to go.

She let me take her to a hotel and it wasn't long before I was sitting on the bed with her in between my legs about to suck my cock.

'See?' she said sexily, 'I told you I would suck your dick!' and she wrapped her gorgeous lips around my purple knob and began giving me the most wonderful head you could possibly imagine. 

Her blowjob was clean and hands-free, the suction hard and fast. I slightly fucked my cock up into her sucking mouth as her speed increased. Time passed and the amazing blowjob was relentless.

She stopped to pull her thong down from underneath her miniskirt and flash me her smooth wet pussy. She fingered herself as she resumed sucking on my cock.

'Oh Amy!' I sighed eventually, 'I'm gonna cum!' She sucked me harder and faster than ever... 'Aaaah!' I groaned as I filled her sucking mouth with hot cum and she swallowed it all down, not spilling even a single drop. 'Yes!' I whispered as I pushed my dick up into her mouth and pumped the last of my sperm into the gorgeous girl.

Once my spasms had subsided Amy stood up and smiled. 'Goodbye, John.'

'Goodbye? Sure you don't wanna fuck first??'

'Well... alright, yes I do wanna fuck first! Can you rise to the occasion though, lover?'

I had her lay back on the bed and spread her legs. I licked her thighs, gently kissing her all over working my way up to the pussy. She moaned softly and I jerked myself to hardness as I licked her cunt. 

Her smooth pussy-lips were more delicious than words could ever convey... Her hole flowed with honey, and I massaged it with my tongue most thoroughly. I teased her engorged clit, working it in a crescendo of motion, bringing her slowly and smoothly to an orgasm which soaked my mouth with her delicious juice. 

As she came I crawled up onto her and my rock-hard cock naturally found its way into her wet, still spasming love-hole. It slid up into her easily and she let out a soft moan as I penetrated her girlhood. I pulled her shirt up over her mammoth tits and kneaded them like dough as I gently fucked the beauty's hot drooling wet cunt. 

It wasn't long before she was pulling me into her by the hips and whispering to me that she was about to cum again. I thrusted in time with her orgasm, fucking her to a delicious cum, in which I joined her, pumping her sexy womb full of a second load of my love-sauce as she was also cumming around my now cumming cock.

We moaned and came together, pulling and pressing ourselves into each other as bliss filled our universe. 

'That's two...' she said sweaty and panting from the fuck.

'Two?'

'Why not make it an even three... here...'

She reached down, pulled my spent dick out of her pussy, jerked it's lubed shaft and kissed me until my cock grew again to full hardness, then placed its head onto the hole in her bottom.

'You forgot my third hole! Fuck me one more time... fill my ass with cum...'

I didn't need asking twice and thrust forwards, my hard-again dick sinking deep up her hot tightest hole. It was ecstasy!

'Don't think about anything this time, just fucking cum up my ass!' she urged.

I bucked my cock up her arse, which was copiously lubed up from all her cunt-juice, fast, deep and hard, all the while squeezing her glorious huge hard-nippled tits. I fucked her ass as fast as I could, racing towards the finish line. Her ass-walls were heaven around my lucky cock and it wasn't long before I was filling her ass with a third hot load from my balls.

'Aaaaaah!' I groaned as I shot her ass full of my cum. She pulled me into her and kissed my neck as I came.

We rested until we'd caught our breath.

Then she got up and said she had to go, and this time I knew it was for good.

I blew her one last kiss, she left, and that was it. Our little fling was over, but not by my choice.

I noticed a week or two later a new picture on her profile on the dating site: a pair of dark blue jeans resting crumpled on a couch with a massive crusty stain on the crotch. 'My favorite jeans!' she'd called it, and written a comment underneath it as well: 'Thanks John! XXX'

How strange! Oh well, I guess I'd had to give way to the next cock to fulfill another one of her sexual fantasies. Still, what a sexy fucking memory!