 I almost dropped the cup of coffee I was stirring a dab of sugar into. 

Barb had just asked me rather pointedly to make love to her!

Barb was the bit on the chubby side roommate of my then current girlfriend, Diane. The two of them might as well have been one person, they had this odd ability to complete each other's sentences, and if one was around, the other wasn't far away.

About the only time they were apart was when one or the other was at work, hell, sometimes they even showered together as I found out one morning when I stumbled to the bathroom.

That was the morning I discovered that Barb had a set of tits to die for, she apparently hadn't heard me come in. Either that or she was waiting for me to come in, one or the other.

I mean, I knew she had a big pair, I just hadn't realized how nice they were.

I had just finished taking a leak, they were giggling in the shower room, the door shut. Suddenly the door opened and there stood Barb, only a bath towel wrapped around her ample waist.

Think of the best model you ever saw in your life, Barb had them covered by a couple of points. Absolute perfection, each breast full and ripe, not a trace of sag. She didn't even have a roll of fat around her middle, she was just....big?

I am sure my mouth dropped open, I knew she was on the busty side but...wow!

Barb giggled, backed up and shut the door, I beat a retreat to the living room.

Diane and I had progressed from dating, doing the movies and dinner bit (yes, often complete with Barb) to doing some serious rolling in the hay. In fact, I was now spending the night more with her than I was at my own place.

Diane was not what anyone could call a raving beauty. She had a fanny larger than it needed to be, she carried a good dozen pounds extra on her 5' 5" frame.

She had one breast that was obviously larger than the other, which I found out after much coaxing and delighted in playing with.

Funny thing about her is she would let me rub her ass but shoved my hands away from her tits. Once I got them out in the open and dived right in she seemed to get over that, though.

One might ask why a good looking young six footer, long blonde hair and a dab of cash in his jeans would bother?

Hell, most women responded nicely when I smiled.

Well, I had just had it with the fancy woman types, they were all superficial and all I got from them was bull crap. They were pretty, knew they were pretty, and I was supposed to give in to their every whim.

Screw that.

Diane was real, I liked her, she liked me.

Diane could cook.

Diane loved to suck my cock, I even licked her back in return, that was fun stuff.

I was thinking of setting up house, Diane cooked meals that made me drool, I was serious about that part. She wasn't always flirting with some other guy. Once we got past the first few petting sessions where she would stop me before we got too far, she turned into an animal in the bedroom.

I suppose that Barb had overheard us a few times, perhaps that is what set her off. Then the night that Diane had unzipped my pants and ended up with her nose in my pubic hair while Barb sat and watched?

That unnerved me at first, I ain't bashful really but my girlfriend waving my dick around and sucking on it while her roommate watches?

Yea, probably that got her to thinking, too. I noticed that her face got flushed, her expression went blank.

The idea of trying to fuck her never crossed my mind, I was being completely faithful. Not only did I really like Diane, she cooked and did my laundry, we were as close to being married as we could get without the piece of paper.

Things were going just fine.

Diane wasn't the jealous type, either. At least she didn't seem to be. She discovered my magazines while at my apartment one day. I liked the stories mostly, and they had photos of women posing, things like that. Soft core porn I guess you would call it.

So she got me a subscription to some of them for a gift, and kept them over at her place, too.

Nope, not the jealous type.

Still, if she caught me hosing her roommate I was thinking that she might be frying my balls for dinner. Look but don't touch, she had made that fairly clear.

Barb and I spent a lot of time alone together, Diane's job had her attending meetings in the evenings, even flying out of town for a few days at a time.

When Diane was gone, Barb would cook dinner or I would. I managed a bit better than she did in the kitchen, anyway. Sometimes we would sit and watch TV, have a drink or two, or just chat.

Barb was just Barb, fun to be around. Not once did she ever go out on a date, though.

So the morning I was making coffee, she came in wearing her big flannel robe, all seemed normal.

"Dan, I was thinking....." Her voice trailed off.

"What about?" I asked.

"I was..I want...Will you make love to me?"

I came to a stop, this was out of the clear blue sky.

"What?"

"Don't be....I don't get much chance to..to be with anyone. So I..I thought?" The expression on her face was odd, she was blushing furiously, I realized it was a struggle for her to say this.

"I would love to but.....I am with Diane?"

"I talked to Diane, she said doesn't mind." 

"She just told me to be discreet, she doesn't want to know."

Actually, it sounded just like something Diane would say, something she would do.

I took a sip of my coffee, thought for a moment.

"Sure, why not?"

I was thinking of Barb's perfect tits, my IQ dropped the usual 40 points or so.

Barb beamed at that, she suddenly acted all excited, just like a little kid with a new toy.

"When?" I asked.

That sounded lame, it was like we were planning a picnic or something.

"Maybe a motel?" she said.

"Right now?"

"Uhhhh.....OK." I finished my coffee as she changed into a simple blouse and skirt, we walked matter of fact down to my old truck. I opened the door for her.

There was a place called Motel row, a strip down by the river known for renting rooms regularly to couples for short terms. We headed there.

I was actually halfway expecting Barb to back out, but it was obvious quickly she had no intention of that.

Once inside, I reached for the buttons on her blouse. 

"Shower first." I told her, as I slid the blouse off her shoulders. She blushed slightly but offered no resistance as I reached around and tripped the catch on her bra. I took a moment to fondle those big beautiful breasts, nuzzling them with my face, licking first one nipple, then the other until they both stood out firm.

Barb was beginning to gasp for breath.

I tripped the button on the side of her skirt, she stepped out of it, then reached for my shirt.

In short order we were both naked, I reached in and adjusted the water in the shower to a fine spray, nice and warm. Barb stepped in first, I unwrapped a bar of soap and washed her from head to toe. When I reached between her legs her knees buckled and she almost went down. She reached for my shoulders to support herself as our lips met for the first time, my fingers were busy investigating the mass of flesh hidden by her full bush.

We stayed in the shower until the spray began to cool, then we stepped out together and toweled each other down.

I was as erect as it was possible to be, her hands rubbed me through the towel, even reaching behind to dry my fanny and deep into the cleft.

That tickled.

Then she set the towel aside, reached down and grasped my penis, turning it this way and that, slding my foreskin back, then forward.

I just stood and let her, she was like a child, curious.

I thought of picking her up and carrying her to the bed, then I thought better of that. Barb easily weighed as much as me. Still, she was not fat, she was thick, with big muscular legs and large hips and waist.

The kind of body a very young woman that is overweight will have. I held her in my arms for a few seconds, her big body felt strange to me compared to the taller and thinner body of Diane, it was exciting. Her big breasts mashed against my chest and flattened there, that felt fine.

I pressed my stomach, my erection against her, her hips came forward pressing back. We stood like that, enjoying it for quite some time.

Then we were side by side on the bed, Barb's hands kept busy on my genitals as I nuzzled and licked her breasts. She seemed to really like that, her head rolled back and her mouth came open, even her eyelids fluttered.

Then she pressed me back, leaned over me and began to suck on my nipples, first one, then the other. Her lips lightly took the tip of one nipple in her mouth while her free hand rolled the tip of the other. Waves of pleasure wafted over me, this was a new experience.

Then she scooted down until she could reach my erection with her mouth.

"I have never done this befo...." the words faded as her mouth slid over me and closed. Her attempts were amatuerish, wonderful. She closed her mouth and sucked firmly, the sensation made my head whirl. I felt her tongue begin to push my foreskin back, she swirled it around and up the sensitive underside. I had to grit my teeth to keep from blasting off in her mouth.

I pushed her back, pressed her legs aside. I could see her eyes watching me, checking my reaction as I pressed my lips to her soft inner flesh. Her lips were shades of dark combined with pink, the outer lips full and exposed. She was damp, the taste might as well have been fresh spring water. I slowly slipped an index finger inside, stroking gently upwards, letting her feel the light pressure as I pulled my finger back down. She somehow felt extremely tight.

This was something I hadn't even done with Diane yet, in fact I had never done it with anybody, I read about it in one of my magazines. Somehow this situation was special, I wanted Barb to really enjoy it.

No woman had ever flatly offered herself to me, I had always had to do the full seduction routine before.

I repeated that motion over and over, slowly, as I also slid the flat of my tongue over her. Barb's hips began to lift, then thrash. I was having a hell of a time staying in position. Then she flooded, she was awash in fluids, her hands were grabbing at the sheets, her body rigid. Her inner muscles grabbed at my finger in spasms.

Damn that was hot! I almost came myself at her reaction, clenching my thighs to stop myself from just blasting off on the sheets.

With a final shudder, she collapsed back onto the bed. I slid up into position and pressed. Barb reached down with two fingers to spread herself, I felt my penis slide by her fingers as she let out her breath in a gush. At first I was feeling resistance, then I was inside all the way, my pubic bone brushed against hers.

Her hips came up to meet me, mashing against me and holding herself there before moving her big hips back to thrust again. She was actually lifting me upwards with each push. Her hands were on my shoulders at first, then they dropped to my fanny as she pulled me forward with each thrust I made. I could feel her fingertips tickling my testicles each time she pulled.

I didn't last long, I could not hold back, filling her with gush after gush of my seed. She felt it, releasing a long low moan as I spasmed over and over, my erection jerking with each release.

We lay in each other's arms, basking in the afterglow. She nuzzled my neck, kissing and nibbling at me.

"That was wonderful!" she exclaimed after she finally caught her breath. I pulled back and withdrew, getting up to pour a couple of glasses of water.

I carried the drinks back to the bed, admiring her nude body. Her big breasts were flushed with pink, her nipples stood up like needles, legs still splayed wide with her vagina fully open, on display. I handed her the glass and she took a sip, glanced down at me, smiled.

I was fully erect again!

I set the glasses down, slid into position and we did it again. The second time lasted much longer as I went first slow, then fast, finally we were just pounding at each other.

"Oh, fucking me, fucking me, fuckingmeeeee!" she muttered, over and over.

We showered again, I spotted the red marks on my skin from some of her nips, I hadn't realized that. There was a good half dozen on my neck, too.

I wasn't too concerned, after all, Diane had said it was all right, she didn't mind. I was thinking that this was going to be great, two women, both eager?

What more can a man ever want? Great food, the laundry done, a clean place, two bitching pieces of ass? Two women treating me nice all the time?

I was going to be a fucking KING!

Diane was sitting on the couch when Barb and I walked in. Her expression wasn't exactly pleased.

"Where have you been?" she demanded.

I wasn't about to lie, besides, there was no need to. She did say she didn't mind.

"Barb and I went to a motel." I said, matter of factly, setting the two pizzas we had bought down on the kitchen table.

Then all hell broke loose. Diane was screaming, things were flying, I was ducking left and right as glassware smashed against the wall.

"I thought you said it was all right?" I was yelling, ducking as a book went flying by.

"Bullshit! You son of a bitch! BARBARA, you get back out here, BITCH!" she screamed that at the bedroom door.

Barb had beaten a hasty retreat to her room, locked the door. Diane got distracted for a second trying to kick the bedroom door down.

Nothing left to do, I did the typical male manuever.

I ran like hell, jumped in my truck and went home.

I cleverly had it figured out by the time I got there. Barb had lied to me, it was obvious there was more going on between the two than showed on the surface.

Some kind of competition, maybe?

I had fucked up big time, and I was upset. I really did like Diane.

Nothing else to do, I got out my jug of whiskey and some chips, wishing I had had the presence of mind to at least grab one of the pizzas.

I figured I would give the situation a day or so to cool down, then lie through my teeth and see if I could fix things. I fell asleep on the couch, drunk on my ass.

I woke up the next morning with my mouth feeling like it was full of cotton balls. I drank a couple of bottles of cold water, went in the bathroom and threw up some water and chips that seemed to not like the environment in my stomach.

Then I went to work.

I got home that night, beginning to feel human again by then. I fried my dinner, showered, and was just about to try and call Diane.

I had no real idea of what to say, I tried to think of someone, something to blame but nothing really came to mind.

There was a sudden pounding on the door. I had a pretty good idea who it was, my first instinct was to pretend I was not home.

Even better, pretend I was dead?

"Dan, open the door. We know you are home."

We?

I opened the door, Barb and Diane stood there.

"Hello. What's up?" I said cleverly, offering my best smile.

They more or less pushed me out of the way and swept into my little hovel I called home. They both looked around in disgust, let's face it, I ain't exactly Martha Stewart around the house.

My clothes were still on the floor from the night before, the empty whiskey bottle sat on the coffee table, the usual pile of magazines and newspapers were here and there.

"Well, Barb demonstrated that trick you did to her."

"Trick?" My mind was blank, I was still in the self defense mode known as run.

Then it hit me.

Demonstrated?

"You mean....?"

"Yea."

They were both grinning at me.

"Think you can handle the two of us?"

"Uh..errr....yea.."

"Well, come home then."

Home?

"Oh... OK."

I meekly followed them out the door.

"Handle the two of them?" Diane had said as Barb just grinned.

Barb had "demonstrated"?, she said.

Hmmmm....This was going to be interesting.

I was wondering what was for dinner, too.