 *Editor's note: This story takes place about six months before A Frightful Night's Delight, special thanks to Falone for helping me with editing*

Monica sipped her drink as she stood in the corner of the dark crowded room. The sound of techno music pulsed throughout the house as various partygoers danced, made out, or for the most part, just talked and hung out with each other.

It was a housewarming party being thrown by Charles and his roommates. Mostly it was being thrown by Kyle, a tall, broad-shouldered giant of a man. He had good taste in alcohol, she had to admit. On the other hand, he did have the tendency to become rather obnoxious and feely when he became inebriated, so she had retreated to the far corner of the room.

As she finished her drink, she turned to see a man of average height, medium build, probably in his early 20's. In fact, there didn't seem to be anything at all distinctive about the brown haired, brown eyed man. He wore a black t-shirt and blue jeans, topping the whole ensemble off with a pair of sneakers. Truly on the cutting edge of fashion, she thought wryly. She realized then that he had been talking to her.

"I'm sorry, what!?" she shouted over the throbbing beat of the music.

"I said I don't believe we've met!" replied Mr. Average. "I'm John. I'm Charles's and Kyle's roommate."

"Oh! Nice to meet you, John! My name's Monica, I'm a friend of Charles!"

"Glad to meet you, Juanita!"

"MONICA!"

"Oh, sorry!" John looked sheepish for a moment, looking around quickly, and then noticing her empty cup. "Do you need that refilled?"

"Yes, please! I'll have some Jack and Coke!"

John took the plastic cup, wrinkled his nose, said something about taste, and weaved his way through the groups of people in the living room as he made for the kitchen; sharing pleasantries with the one or two people he made eye contact with on the way.

He hadn't been gone five seconds before she was being hit on by some especially obnoxious drunk. An especially obnoxious drunk who couldn't take a hint.

"Hey baby, whas' happening?" The tall blonde, who obviously thought highly of himself, seemed determined to use her waist as a handhold to keep himself up, regardless of what she thought on the matter. She twisted out of the way, trying to make her way towards the kitchen, and he grabbed hold of her shapely ass. Before he knew what hit him, she had grabbed his wrist, spun around, and was now twisting it painfully in a death grip.

"Don't touch. Got it?"

"Yeahh, shorry." The blonde guy grunted as she continued to twist his arm for a few more seconds before she released him and he wandered off cradling his arm and muttering. She turned around again to see John holding two cups, eyebrows raised. 

"Remind me not to grab your ass. I happen to be fond of this arm." He grinned as he handed her a fresh drink. She glared at him for a moment before grinning and taking the offered drink. "Sorry about that, Monica. Sometimes Mike over there tends to be a lot less charming than he thinks he is."

She leaned in close to him and asked, "Is there another room we can go to? This place is too loud for a conversation!"

John nodded and waved a hand in a come-hither motion and made his way through the room again in a fashion that could only be described as "weaving" towards the hallway next to the kitchen. She followed him down the hallway a bit, sidestepping various clusters of people chatting, spotting Charles at the end of the hall chatting up some Hispanic girl. John opened a hallway door, turning on a lamp and waving her in after him.

Once inside, he closed the door and put his drink down, rubbing both ears with his palms. "Gahh, that techno crap gets old fast."

"You don't like techno?"

"Nah, more of a lounge music fan. Jazz too. Techno is good for action movies, but not much else."

"Hey, now, I might have to disagree with you there!" She grinned at him as she sipped her drink. She turned and looked around the room, taking it all in. There was a cheap computer desk with a newish looking computer on it, strewn with CDs and empty soda cans and loose bits of paper and cables. Various posters covered the walls, covering the subject matter that usually adorned the wall of the college-aged male in his natural habitat. He had all the usual assortment of furniture: dresser, bed, and a footlocker serving as a bedside table holding an alarm clock, a couple books, and another lamp.

As she looked around his room, John took a long look at the brown-haired girl. Very impressive. What he could see of her suggested she worked out a lot, with toned arms, and a confident, graceful way of moving. Strong legs and a full, shapely ass were encased in a pair of blue jeans, and a blue long-sleeved blouse was buttoned up over a slim waist and full breasts. A pair of black combat boots completed the ensemble. Above the blouse was a graceful neck, full lips, and a set of blue eyes looking back at him.

Shit. I guess I could have been more subtle.

Monica arched an eyebrow and grinned at John. The effect that had on him was notable, to say the least. He coughed nervously.

"Uhh... so would you like to have a seat?" he asked, waving at the bed with his arm. She sat down, her grin turning to a grimace of pain as she did so. "You all right, Monica?"

"Yeah, it's just that my back and neck are sore from... uhh... working out."

Now it was John's turn to raise his eyebrow.

"Working out?"

"My job, it involves lots of heavy lifting and moving around."

Noting the vagueness with which she spoke of her job, John decided to change the subject. "If you want, I can give you a backrub. I'm told I'm a pretty good masseuse."

She wasn't sure if it was the alcohol or just the prospect of a back massage, but she nodded in agreement. John sat on the bed next to her and she turned away from him so he could put his hands on her shoulders.

"Now just relax, Monica, and I'll see about working these out."

He firmly squeezed her shoulders at the base of her neck, working his way out to her shoulder blades and then back in, gently but firmly massaging the sides and back of her neck with his fingers before going back down to her shoulders. She relaxed her neck and her head lolled forward, hanging limply as he worked his hands down her back. He worked the muscles along her spine with his thumbs, while using his fingertips to massage her back farther out.

"If you lay down, I can do this better."

By this point she was more than eager for him to do it better. She stretched out on the bed, laying face down with her arms folded under her head. He ran his hands up her back, pressing down as he did, then spread his hands to massage her upper arms, then working his way back towards her neck.

Monica made a sound somewhere between a moan and a purr as John continued to massage her back. Thus encouraged, John moved from her back down to her feet.

"You want me to massage your feet?"

"Whaaa? Mah feet?"

"Yeah, your feet. And your legs, if you like."

"Sure, no problem, whatever you want."

John untied each boot and pulled them off, quickly followed by her black boot socks, and proceeded to use his thumbs to massage her feet as she curled her toes and made a pleased groan.

"You all right?"

"Zhat feels fantashtic. Keep going."

He continued to rub her feet for a bit, then proceeded to work his way up the backs of her legs, slowly massaging the kinks out of her calves and then her thighs, working his way up towards the twin mounds of her magnificent looking ass. He paused at the tops of her thighs, continuing to massage them as she made little moans and whimpers.

"You want me to keep going up?"

"Yeah. Keep going."

He ran his hands up over her ass, massaging the globes as he sought out any kinks. Yeah, that's exactly what he was doing, honest. She didn't make any complaints about his technique, in any case.

He continued to run his hands up her back, massaging as he went. He finished up with some gentle hand chops up and down her back and along her shoulders, careful to avoid her spine.

"All done. How do you feel?"

"Mmmmmhmmmm."

John picked up his drink and sipped from it as he watched Monica lying luxuriously on his bed, still in a stupor from the massage. Eventually she opened her eyes and looked up at him.

"That was amazing. Want me to return the favor?" Up went that eyebrow of hers.

"Sure."

"Lay down."

He obeyed her command, laying down on the bed as she sat up, putting her hands on his shoulders. She squeezed them, not as well practiced as he in massages, and settled for a firm rubbing motion along with the hand squeezes. She ran her hands up over his head, gently dragging her nails back over the top of his scalp, bringing forth a shudder from John. She ran her hands down his back, feeling his slim, if not athletic body as she did.

She wasn't sure if it was the alcohol, the massage, or some other indefinable something, but she found this fellow to be quite enticing.

Still...

"Yaknow, John, you're a great masseuse. I bet your girlfriend must love that."

"Hmm? Nahh, I've been single for a good while now."

He's single? Score. Carpe Hominum, and all that.

Monica straddled John's back as she returned to rubbing his shoulders, occasionally reaching a hand up to draw her nails gently over the top of his scalp, eliciting more shudders as the pleasant sensations washed over him. Then suddenly she stopped, lifting herself slightly off him but staying straddled over him.

"Roll over."

John did as he was told, and Monica lowered herself down onto his lap, leaning in closer to him until their lips met, his hands finding their way, as men's' hands tend to do, to her waist as their tongues playfully wrestled with each other in their mouths. The kiss intensified, John's hands wandering south to squeeze her ass cheeks as she planted her arms for support. Finally they broke the kiss and gasped for breath.

"Whoa. I have to say that I like your masseuse technique a lot more than mine, Monica."

"Is that so?" She locked lips with him again, grinding her hips against him as he slipped his hands up from her ass to start unbuttoning her blouse. She sat up and helped him get the buttons undone, shrugging out of the blouse and tossing it to the floor, her beautiful breasts swaying slightly with her movement as they lay encased in a simple white bra.

She grabbed his shirt, yanking it up and over his head and pulling it off before leaning in to kiss him again. For his part, he ran his hands up her back, reaching for the bra clasps. He fumbled with the clasp for a minute or so as they kissed until finally she sat up, reaching back and undoing it herself, revealing her ample breasts to his intense gaze. He reached up, taking the soft, pale globes into his hands, squeezing them gently as she continued to grind her hips on him.

He sat up, causing her to grab his shoulders as she started to tumble backwards. He put one hand at the base of her back and put the other on the back of her head, tilting her head to one side as he leaned in to nibble on her neck, eliciting a sigh from her. He then leaned her back slightly, bending down to take one of her nipples into his mouth, sucking and nibbling gently, listening to her groan in response.

She reached for his belt buckle, pulling it open as he kicked his shoes off his feet. She undid his pants and yanked them down to his knees, staring at the rigid upright staff thus revealed as he looked down at her with anticipation. She stuck out her tongue and licked the head teasingly, grinning as John inhaled sharply. She looked up at him and up went the eyebrow again.

"What's this? Another cramp? I guess I'm just gonna have to work that one out for you. I sure hope this is the right way to massage it."

With that, she sank down, engulfing his cockhead in her wet, pouty lips. She stroked him with one hand while sucking on his cockhead with those beautiful, juicy lips. John's breathing came in a series of gasps and choked grunts as she held him entranced with her deep blue eyes. She ran her tongue over his head again and again as she stroked him faster and sucked him with increasing intensity until finally he tensed up and shot his load into her mouth with a series of grunts. 

He watched as she held the cum in her mouth, as if trying to determine what she thought of the taste, before she swallowed and licked her lips. "Not bad," she said with a grin on her face, then, looking up to see John lying back on the bed, eyes half closed, "Oh don't you DARE think you can fall asleep yet. You're not done yet." Emphasizing her point, she took his head in her hand and shook him to make sure he stayed awake, stroking his cock to get it ready to go again.

"I'm awake! I'll stay awake. I just need a minute. Oi. That's one hell of a massage."

"Yeah, well, I've got one more kink that I need you to work out, and this looks like just the kind of massage I need." 

Now sure that he was up and ready to go again, she rolled over on to her back, legs spread, and John quickly took the hint, rolling over on top of her and positioning himself at her entrance.

"Come on, put it in me already!"

With that final bit of urging from Monica, John pushed into her love tunnel, sinking his shaft as deep as it would go. Her muscular legs locked behind his back as he thrust in and out as she moaned her encouragement.

Looking down, John saw her twin beauties bouncing back and forth as he and Monica matched each other thrust for thrust. He bent down, taking a nipple into his mouth and sucking on it, as his other hand massaged the other breast to ensure it didn't get lonely. Monica's eyes now were closed for the most part, opening from time to time to look into his own eyes as he suckled on her tits and plowed into her as hard as he could, his meat tightly encased in her hot, wet twat.

This continued for ten minutes or so, and he reached down with his free hand, finding the hard nub at the top of her vagina, trapping it between two fingers as he laid into her.

This was what it took to send her into her orgasm, her body jerking spasmodically, her tunnel clenching his cock with a death grip, and her crying out in pleasure.

"Jooohn... YESSSS!"

Feeling himself about to climax soon, he pulled out and moved up to straddle her chest, taking both of her breasts and squeezing them tightly over his penis as he thrust back and forth, tit-fucking her over and over again until he came, the first spurt of his jizz hitting the bottom of her chin, the rest pumping out over her chest and breasts. After he was done, he collapsed next to her on the bed.

"John?"

"Yeah Monica?"

"Thanks for the massage."

"Mmmmh."