 Working on a new exhibit in the Hands On Museum, the people in charge have brought the two of us together. You have been brought in for your computer expertise and skill with virtual reality. I am to be the exhibit. The newest exhibition in the museum is to be on human sexuality, and a special room is being added for a special purpose.

When I meet you and shake your hand I look into your eyes, so blue. Perhaps I clasp your hand too long. Embarrassed, I look away and laugh. We are to work together on the designing of a special "display" table for the human female body (my own) to be exhibited - the idea being that groups (mostly male) may be brought in for a hands-on experience with female anatomy and sexuality. I am to be nude and ready for sexual exploration during tours. 

As the meeting continues, I watch you take notes, fascinated with your hands. At the conclusion of the meeting the director informs us that we need to have our plans for the table by the end of next week. I am looking forward to working with you, as you soon put me at ease with your easy laugh and banter. We begin to work on the table. It need to be of average height, metal, but with a comfortable padded material in the middle. I tell you I'd feel more "turned on" for patrons with light restraints - padded maybe - on the wrists and ankles, to be controlled by myself with a keypad under my right hand. 

Obviously, we'll need stirrups at the end, and then a virtual reality system for me at the head. We decide on virtual goggles with sound so that I may distance myself from the tour but stay in a constant state of arousal. You are to design the programs based on my own fantasies, which I then control with the keypad at my hand. Messages may be relayed to me over the headset.

After we turn in the design we begin to spend lunches together and although I'm shy at first, I begin to tell you some visual images I'd like in the programs. You don't seem offended at all and that makes it easier. 

The table is completed and the exhibit opens - only special tour groups are allowed with guides to supervise. I lay naked on my table, feet in stirrups, in another world due to the goggles. The guide then shows the group my external body, the breasts, hips, thighs, stomach, and finally, vagina. He demonstrates with a variety of ways, finger, dildo, and in some cases his own penis how to make a woman achieve orgasm, the changes in cunt, breathing, breasts, moans. Patrons may on occasion don gloves and feel the inside of my vagina, the swelling, etc. 

The entire time I am aware of the sensations but exist in the fantasy of what I see. When the tour is over, I end the program, cool down, and either rest up for the next tour or dress and walk the gardens. I see you on occasion in the building or at lunch, you always have a dirty joke and a compliment or such, making me wistful. I meet with you weekly to hash out a new program, or work on an old one but never outside work. We eye each other's rings and avoid the subject.

One afternoon as it nears closing time I am on "the table" and your voice over the headset asks, "I have a new program setup, would you like me to run it?"

"Sure" I answer, thinking, "Only if you run in it". As I'm not expecting a tour, I relax into the stirrups and wrist restraints and settle the goggles. Normally I like to watch the sun in the windows but I've been looking forward to a new program. 

The first image I see is of a dog, largish, shepherd type from behind is drinking from something but as the image pans I see it is indeed drinking from me! I'm shocked not so much by the image but by the fact that I never told that fantasy. I begin feeling moist and pleasant watching this. I can even hear this dog lapping at me - my virtual image is obviously enjoying it as much as I am, feeling the long damp tongue all the way up, delving into me, burying it's nose. I hear a door close but ignore it - god, I'm so hot all I can think of is the orgasm I want - I finally decide to go ahead and masturbate but realize my wrist restraints are locked - the ankles too. The image disappears, left in blackness and tied down.

Just then, a touch, on the insides of my knees, then hands spread them so the stirrups lock into place. The hands slide down the insides of my thighs, lightly massage the tendon at the base. I am silent and wait. I feel, featherlike, the touch of silky hair on the inside of my thigh. I only know of one with long hair. "Jeff," I whisper. A gentle squeeze is the answer. I relax back into the padding as hands travel up my stomach, around each breast and fingers squeeze the nipples, I gasp and with that each breast is cupped...squeezed...pushed together - I struggle to catch my breath - and then the silky hair is spread on my belly, I feel your warm lips and tongue encircle one nipple, then the other, sucking, oh yeah, nursing on me..."Oh god, Jeff," I whimper.

As you suckle on me I feel you own nipples brush my skin - I begin to realize that you may be naked. The thought sends fresh moisture to my cunt. I feel the tongue leave my breasts with regret.... but then feel you gently kiss down my ribs, my stomach and down into my cunt. With a moan of satisfaction you kiss and lick me, listening to me groan our your name. 

After cleaning me of excess juices you suck my clit into your mouth and nibble, I begin emitting unintelligible words, cries, to which you answer by screwing a finger into my cunt - by this time you have to hold onto my bucking hips, hoarse cries as I scream out loud I'm going to come all over you! And I start to contract around you finger, my spasming clit so sensitive but you hang on until it's over...I start...to flow come.... and then, the table shifts. 

I realize your weight is on it. I feel the tip of your cock, soft as velvet and rock hard, nudging around the lips of my cunt, gently spreading the wetness and suddenly you're sunk into me...I'm so wet there's no resistance and yet your thickness is startling. I feel you pulling slowly out, my swollen cunt reluctantly giving in and then with a jarring slam you shove back in - rocking my body. I feel you sit back, letting your cock remain inside me but what a sensation, a pulling - you sit forward and begin a rhythm, grunting with each impact. I raise my hips to meet the thrusts. If I could but wrap my legs around you, clasp you to me. As I realize your voice is becoming more guttural, more rapidly thrusting in me, 

I whisper frantically, "release me" and with a fumbling hand you punch the code into my keypad, my restraints loosen and I clasp my legs around your waist, my hands grasp you back, tearing flesh. I struggle to hold on as you roar out your ecstasy and plunge deeply into me, pumping me full of your come and hot searing juices, you tear off the goggles, my eyes - oh my god - the colors are so brilliant, blinding - your beautiful blue eyes glazed, rich brown hair shining, glinting gold in the sun, slanting through the windows...the sweat binding our bodies...a sheen. 

As I look at you...you kiss me...I taste myself and kiss you back fiercely.