 Chapter 16

Almost Routine

I was half daydreaming, half watching Jessie Von Broklin as she jumped and gyrated at cheerleader practice. I couldn't hear the cheers, but I had a great view of the incredibly sexy girl, as her blond hair rocketed up and gently floated down with every graceful leap. 

My thoughts moved to Gerry, and how the day after joining her husband in fucking her, we had made it on the kitchen counter before I headed off to school; and later that same afternoon, taking that long luxurious bath together.

There had been a pre-season baseball meeting with the coach earlier that day. He had mentioned that we lacked pitching and asked how I felt about maybe trying to pitch. He'd also touched upon all the seniors we'd had graduate and how he intended to replace them.

"You know we had a hell-of-a team last year, Morgenthall."

"Sure did, Coach."

"Now Craig is gone."

"Heck of a first baseman," I said. "Good hitter, too."

"Great hitter. You know, Cardinal's signed him, well, they wanted to sign him."

"I heard he's going to Norte Dame."

"Yeah, he'll make their squad, no doubt about it. And Tickie Smith, that son-of-a-gun's going to Alabama to play football."

"I didn't know that, Coach. I thought he joined the Army."

"Well he is. Just as soon as he gets out of the Army; they told him they'd have a spot for him."

"They can do that?"

"Sure they can. They can do anything they want at schools like Alabama."

"How did our pitchers make out? I mean, I haven't heard anything."

"Pretty good, actually. Scarpa signed with the Yankees, he's with their Double A team in Florida. And Johnny Whiz... (He meant Wisnewski) was invited to a Phillies tryout and made it. He's with an A level team in Delaware. Tripplet's gone too," the coach added.

"Who did he sign with?"

"Why no one, son. He was only a backup outfielder."

"Oh," I said not fully comprehending the working of life after high school.

"Now you've grown considerably since we kicked off last season, and ... with the pitching staff depleted ... I was wonderin' how you'd feel about trying your hand at pitching a few innings for us."

"Coach, I've never pitched..."

"I know that. I expect I can teach you a few rudimentary things when we start practicing."

"I'd be happy to try it," I said, knowing I really had no choice in the matter. Anyway, I kind of liked the idea of being a pitcher. I had a good arm, and I had grown as the coach mentioned. 

And that was why I was daydreaming ... I had already envisioned myself striking out hitter after hitter; pitching no-hitters and becoming a star pitcher, sought after by the major leagues and all. 

Then my dreaming had focused on Gerry, and from there to Jessie Von Broklin, who was currently finishing up her cheerleader workout.

I waited on the sideline as Jessie finished her routine, and while the other cheerleaders were still practicing, she wandered over in my direction, her firm, young breasts barely swaying as she began to trot over to me.

"Hi," you're Aubrey aren't you?"

"Yes, and you must be Jessie," I said with a wide smile.

"Yes," she replied, returning the smile, revealing pearly white teeth. "I'm only here 'cause Mora told me you were kinda interested in me."

Mora had also told me that Jessie was interested in me; quite the matchmaker, that Mora.

"I have to thank her for that," I said, then added, "And I am interested in you." My eyes roamed her body top to bottom as I spoke, and she seemed to enjoy the attention, possibly even expecting it.

"Mora said you might teach me a few things."

"She did, did she?"

Jessie licked her lips, seductively, "yeah, she said you were very good at certain things I won't mention."

"Does that mean you want to get together with me?"

"Yes and no," she said.

"Um, could you explain that last part?"

"Sure! I gotta boyfriend, and I wanna keep him. But from what Mora told me I'm kinda missing out, know what I mean?"

"I think so, I said resisting the impulse to put my arm around her wispy waist.

"Tell you what, Jessie, meet me after practice and we'll go for a ride."

"Oh, no! I got my car. I'll follow you. That way no one will see us together."

"The other girls have already seen us together," I pointed out.

"That doesn't count." She turned away from me and started running back to the other cheerleaders, calling over her shoulder, "Thanks I didn't know where it was, Aubrey!"

I concluded that she was just saying something to cover our meeting with the other girls. 

Jealousies, petty or not, seem to prevail among them from their insecurities. I headed for my car to wait for her to leave. I had enough insecurities myself to contend with.

________________________________________

I let Jessie take the lead and followed. She impressed my with her driving skills, I should remind you that I was new at driving and had limited experience. Jessie pulled into the state park grounds and then drove in a half mile or so, finally parking where there was room for only two vehicles. A small path led into the thickly wooded area surrounding us.

I was fairly certain I was about to get laid, and let my eyes wallow in her pleated white cheerleader's skirt that came to mid-thigh but kept swirling revealing her fine, shapely legs and pert, tight ass as she managed to stay several yards in front of me. She had certainly been here before; probably with the current boyfriend. She had even thought to bring a blanket with her. I filed that away for future reference on my part. Always be prepared.

My thoughts returned to her and Larry. What was he lacking in that had her seeking me out?

Finally, Jessie stopped and held her hand out, and I took it and guided her around a fallen branch that might have jabbed her for she was looking at me. 

We walked another ten or twenty steps, before Jessie pulled me down on top of her.

"Your outfit!" I exclaimed, needlessly worrying about her dilemma. Quickly I picked up the blanket and spread it out on the ground.

"Not to worry, silly," she replied, "I've been here before; that's why I brought the blanket."

I was drowning in the taste of her mouth on mine an instant later. My hardon was killing me, and to sedate myself, I began rubbing it against her groin even as she pushed her pelvis back at me.

I put one arm under knees, and the other under her upper back. She cradled her head into my neck and bit me hard.

"Ouch!" I yelled and she began to laugh.

"It's not funny!" I told her and she saw that I was serious.

"My boyfriend likes me to bite him," she said, as if that gave her permission to tear at me.

"Well don't bite me. I don't like it."

"Okay, I'm sorry. I won't do it again," she said contritely, and I believed her. Now that we were face to face I noticed the huge amount of makeup she was wearing, and wondered why. There were no blemishes on her face, and with all the tanning beds available around town, if extra color was desired she could easily get it there. So why the make-up? I was about to ask when she kissed me and I forgot about asking her. We kissed for the next few minutes, both of us getting hotter and hotter.

"I'm about ready to fuck your brains out, Jessie," I told her and unbuckled my belt and started to take my pants off.

She didn't protest, but watched appreciatively as my dick sprang into view.

"Oh, you're bigger than Larry," she said. "But what I want..."

Apparently, she was having trouble continuing, so I waited, and made no further move on her.

"I thought..." she said and stopped.

"You want me to do something, right?"

"Yeah."

"Something Larry won't, or can't?"

"It's hard for me to put into words."

"I bet I'm harder."

That made her laugh and she gave my dick a friendly squeeze.

"Come on, we're going to be screwing our brains out, you can trust me. C'mon, tell me."

"He won't eat me!" she blurted.

"You ask him to?" I said, trying to imagine her actually pleading with Larry to go down on her.

"No! I can't. I mean, I've sucked him off lots of times, but he never even thinks about returning the favor."

"And Mora told you I liked eating pussy?"

"Yeah, she said you were great at it."

"All right, let's get that pussy out here where I can see it."

"You will! I mean ... oh, shit! I don't know what I mean."

I started lifting her sweater, and she raised her arms to help me. I could feel her excitement. Her breath was coming fast, in short gasps, heavy with arousal. 

I knelt in front of her and asked her to hold onto my shoulders for support, before gently grabbing her ankles to remove her shoes one by one. She opened her skirt, and taking hold of the waistband of her skirt, I pulled it down as slowly as possible, teasing us both. 

The scent of her arousal filled the air. When the skirt cleared the crotch of her panties, I saw they were translucent from the wetness. I helped her out of them, and put them to the side, next to her shoes. When my gaze returned to her pussy, I could hear her breath catch with expectation.

Leaning forward, I inhaled her heady fragrance. Her inner thighs were wet with her seeping juices.

Taking hold of her panties, I pulled them down with the same teasing slowness. I watched carefully the unveiling of her pussy. She had pale yellow pubic hair on top of her mons, neatly shaved in a triangle. Her clitoris was already out of its protective hood, and looked large. 

There was no hair to be seen around her vagina or the lips. I pulled the panties to her ankles and she stepped out of them.

We moved to the blanket, and then I positioned myself between her thighs and examined her pussy. Even to my relatively inexperienced eye, her clit was larger than most. I flicked it with my tongue and she shrieked.

"Oh, my God, at last, at last!" she yelled into the woods. I stiffened (not that way — that was already taken care of) and braced myself to hear someone call out to see if she needed help. 

Fortunately no one called back.

"Tell you what I'm going to do, Jess," I said. "Just so you know and don't scream it out to the world, okay?"

"Okay ... sure ... anything. I can't believe you're going down on me!"

"Shut up, will you? It's not like people never do the nasty, you know."

"I know. I know, but still..."

"Yeah, I know, Larry doesn't get it."

"So what?" Interrupting her I said, "I'm going to kiss the labia."

"Oh!"

I gently cupped her ass cheeks, then nudged her and got her to spread her legs. I leaned in close.

"Looking for something?" she asked, her voice throaty, coming out as if she had difficulty talking.

I didn't bother answering, but squeezed the cheeks of her ass and decided to make it an event for her; making it graphic verbally as well as sensually.

"I'm gonna kiss your cunt lips like they were your mouth, but no tongue ... just yet."

She shuddered with pending excitement.

I began to kiss and suck on her outer lips, taking first one and then the other. She was moaning constantly.

"Jessie," Jessie," I called softly.

"Yeah?"

"Listen to me. I'm gonna tell you exactly what I'm about to do, and then I'm gonna do it."

"Oh, Jesus ... Oh, Jesus ... Oh, Jesus!"

"I'm about to lick the left lip up and down."

"Oh, yes! That's it! That's it!"

"Mmmm, nice," I told her. "Now for the left one..."

"Oh, God!"

"Now I'm going for the slit..."

She was moaning and shuddering non-stop.

"Mmmm, I can taste your juices. Want me to kiss you so you can taste them?"

"Noooooo! Just do me! Keep licking!"

I kissed her pussy then, and for the first time made use of my tongue. Not much, but ran it along the edge of both her labia. "Mmmm, just like your mouth, Jessie."

"Oh ... fuck! Do you have to talk?"

"Yes, I gotta talk."

I gave her another lick.

"Jesus!"

"Now I'm going to French your pussy. Do you want that?"

"Fuck yes!"

I sent my tongue into her juiced up cunt.

"Oh ... yes! Put your tongue in, French my pussy!"

I began to slurp her juices up, making louder than necessary noise in doing so. Then I paused.

"Don't stop."

I decided to make it an event for her, making it graphic verbally as well as sensually.

"I'm gonna kiss 'em like they were your mouth, but no tongue ... just yet."

She shuddered with pending excitement.

I began to kiss and suck on her outer lips, taking first one and then the other. She was moaning constantly.

"Jessie," Jessie," I called softly.

"Yeah?"

"How do you like this?" I stabbed my tongue between the folds of her labia, giving a slow lick from bottom to top.

Her hips exploded up into my face, whether voluntary or not I never found out.

I found her clit. Actually that was easy, for it was larger than most I'd seen. Jessie had been running her fingers alongside it for a little while and that signaled it needed attention and I provided some, slowly licking each side before attacking it with just the tip of my tongue.

"Yes, yes! That's the place!"

I sucked her labia into my mouth and lightly chewed them before returning to her clit.

"SO GOOD!" she moaned.

"So are you liking this?" I asked.

"DON'T STOP!"

I added a finger to her sopping pussy and continued teasing her clit.

"I'm gonna cum."

"Okay, cum for me, baby! Cum for me!"

"Oh Honey, I am! I'm cumming for you!"

I turned my hand up and searched for her G-spot, and found it as she was coming down from her climax.

"OH, NO!"

"What's wrong?" I asked, worried that I might have hurt her.

"I'm so sorry, but I'm ... I'm gonna pee!"

"No ... no, you're not gonna pee. You're gonna cum again. That's you're g-spot I'm playing with."

"Huh?" And then she screamed and clenched my head between her thighs as she came hard, drenching me in her juices. I drank some and the rest coated my face. I moved up and held her tight; we kissed and shared a long, lingering period of satisfied after play until she'd finished with her climax.

I knew I had to get off at least once, if not twice before letting her get away. She may have had the hots for Larry, but once I fucked her she'd have to consider doing it again with me from time to time. And so, breaking a kiss, I gently caressed her cheeks to focus her attention on me. She was panting heavily, and her eyes were unfocused, unseeing. I laid her down, on the blanket, and said, "My turn," and she laughed lewdly.

Jessie said, "Wanna suck, or a fuck?" and caught me off guard with her whorish attitude.

"As your reward, I mean..."

I smiled at her and said, "Just close your eyes and enjoy, Jessie," and moved to a kneeling position. Holding her legs up and spreading them, I placed them on my shoulder. Her juices were seeping onto the blanket and her clitoris was distended. Licking her from bottom to top, I hit directly on her clitoris with the bottom of my tongue; that one touch was enough. She screamed, and I mean, she really screamed; the sound echoing from tree to tree for a great distance. Her hips lurched and I sank my dick into her.

"Fuck! Oh, fuck, Aubrey!" she screamed, as her toes curled with both pleasure and pain. I was slamming it into her, relentlessly rubbing that spot that was designed to throw her over the edge again, but hopefully not before I got my own blissful feeling.

I was close, and pulled out. Jessie whimpered at the loss. My chest was heaving as I tried to recapture some air into my lungs.

"Put it in! Put it in!" she wailed.

Dropping her legs from my shoulders, I set her on all fours. Apparently she had never done it this way before and protested, thinking I was going for her ass. She continued to struggle, but not as hard, until I slid into her slippery sheath again, and then she gave a loud moan of satisfaction.

"I thought ... I thought..." she started to say before I cut her off.

"You thought I was after your ass," I said curtly. "You should know me better than that."

"Sorry," she said contritely, and then after I rolled against her g-spot, "OH, PLEASE ... DO THAT AGAIN!"

She started squeezing my dick with her cunt muscles, and it was my turn to moan. "Oh, baby ... yes!"

And then we were both at the edge. Jessie moaned hysterically, and began shaking in a wild fashion as my hips pummeled her cunt. Her knees started trembling and I thought she was going to cave in on me. Then my cock was twitching and expelling my load into her. I hoped she was on the pill. Then hoped if she got pregnant, she'd lay the blame on Larry.

When I finished coming, I slowly pulled out, and remembered to hold her in my arms.

We began to calm down, our breathing approached normal limits again, and I heard her sigh.

"What?" I asked.

"Huh?"

"Why the sigh?"

Jessie laughed, although not wantonly this time. "It's my legs ... or rather my pussy. There are strange sensations there. I never had them with Larry."

"Really?" I said, growing interested.

"You ... you're so huge ... I mean, will I be walking all right later ... tomorrow? I mean, I've got a date with Larry and..."

"You'll be fine," I assured her.

"But what if I'm not?"

"Tell him you've got your period, and blow him if he's horny."

"Ha! It's easy for you to say."

"Ha, right back at you. You can blow him easily enough, or isn't your mouth working either?"

"Don't be such a bastard, Aubrey! We just finished..."

"I know, and I'm sorry. I didn't mean to..."

"But you did, you hurt my feelings."

"Want me to eat you again?"

Her whole attitude changed with those words. "Would you?"

"Sure, I love the taste of you."

"Really? I taste good?"

"Absolutely."

And to prove I meant it, I went down on her again, ignoring my own sperm for the most part by concentrating on her clit.

It didn't take long to get her going. Gently sucking on her clit, I felt her hands go to my head and squeeze. Within a minute or so she was screaming and jerking her hips. I knew I could only pay so much attention to her clit before it got too sensitive, and moved back to her pussy, sending my tongue into her and sucking on her labia. I swallowed some of my sperm in the process, later I would learn this act had a name all its own, but just then I was preoccupied with bringing her off.

I worked two fingers into her snatch, felt it flutter at the welcome intrusion, and gave her clit another swipe of the tongue. That did it. She responded with soft wails that turned into yelps and little screams each time I stroked with my fingers. I didn't dare try the g-spot; instead, I worked her to a second orgasm, stimulating her clitoris, while working her juicy cunt with my fingers.

A few minutes later, she gave another scream, this time softer, and had her second orgasm, wailing like a wounded animal. It wasn't as sharp as her first one, but it was a long one. She kept wailing and I was getting concerned whether she would breathe. Her body was shaking and trembling, her head whipping from side to side. Her hips kept lurching against my face, and her thighs tried to squeeze me. 

Then, her wail turned into moans and she started to gasp and pant. Her inner muscles kept fluttering and pumping her fluids, wetting my fingers and the blanket under her ass. I brought her down gently, drawing out her pleasure and listening to her breathing. Her belly was contracting, and I was sure she would be sore that night and all the following day. I formed a mental movie of her going down on Larry, feigning her period as the reason she couldn't let him in her pants.

When it was over, I used the edge of the blanket to wipe my hand and chin, then went about cleaning her juices from her thighs and pussy. 

The part of the blanket under her ass was soaking wet with her juices, and I was sure the stain wouldn't come out in the wash.

Her hair was tousled, but because it was cut short in an easy to keep style, it wasn't messed too badly. She had a fine sheen of sweat from all the thrashing during her orgasms, and her heavy make-up needed refreshing. 
