 Chapter 21

Ménage

I got to start the game the next morning against the Parkland Rangers. They had finished in the top five last year, but weren't quite as good this time around. They did have a sophomore who could throw the ball, but he had pitched the day before and thrown a two-hitter. My opponent today didn't have near his velocity, relying mostly on a sneaky curve that fooled most batter the first couple times around the order.

I gave up two singles in the first, but got out of the inning within further damage. We got two runs in the third. Lou Clemons hit another homer and a walk, an error and a single brought the other one home.

The game remained 2- 0 into the seventh, when I doubled, and scored on a base hit to left by Patagonis. I tired a little in the eighth, and gave up two runs on a long homer by their right fielder.

Champ Banion homered for us in the ninth, and Duane finished up. We won, 4 — 2, and celebrated the fact that we were headed for the state tournament with a decent seeding.

I had a boner for the duration of the bus ride home, thinking about Leah and L. O. and what we'd be doing that evening. 

Several of the guys noticed it and began a chant that went: "Bree's gonna get some, smell it?" and when I grinned back at them, they went crazy slapping each other on the back and high-fiving one another.

"Life is good," I said, and the uproar continued until Coach made us stop.

________________________________________

On getting home, my Mom had me do a few jobs like mowing the yard and carting some stuff from the attic to the street for a pickup scheduled for the following morning. So I was a little late for my "date" with L. O. and Leah.

________________________________________

L. O. was right on the button, however, and smiled broadly at Leah, when she opened her front door and said, "Come on in."

Leah told L. O. that her parents were out of town for the evening, but would return early the next day, as she led the way upstairs. The girls had not touched on meeting, and both were slightly nervous at what was to happen later.

Leah led the way into her parent's bedroom, surprising L. O., who said, "Won't they know something's gone on here?"

"It's possible, but I don't care."

"You don't care? Won't they punish you?"

"I doubt it. I know they're both cheating on the other, but they don't seem to know the other's cheating."

It was a large room, with a big king-sized bed with its head against the back wall. On my side of the bed was a chest of drawers, probably full of her mother's things. On the far side, beneath the window, was a dressing table. To the right, facing the foot of the bed was a fitted double wardrobe with mirrored sliding doors.

Leah turned to face L. O., and smiling lewdly, held out her arms, "How about a big hug?"

L. O.'s nervousness evaporated. She went into Leah's arms, and they kissed sensuously.

She made a brief comparison of Leah's mouth with that of Duane's. Her lips were full, and soft, quite different from Duane's. And when Leah's tongue found its way into her mouth, L. O.'s head began to swim.

Leah's hands went to L. O.'s shoulders, and pushed her gently away. Still smiling, she began to undo the buttons on her blouse. L. O. reached behind her neck and pulled the light sweater over her head. When L. O. could see her again, Leah tossed her blouse onto the low stool in front of the dressing table. L. O. carefully folded and placed the sweater onto the chest of drawers.

They looked at each other, Leah, in her little girl-like ivory bra. L. O. almost the same, in her white frilly bra. Both had young, taut shoulders, coupled with flat stomachs. L. O.'s breasts bulged over the cups of her Victoria Secrets bra. 

Leah's smallish, still under-developed boobs failing to fill her smallish cups.

Leah kicked off her shoes, and undid the zip at the side of her skirt. L. O. did the same. They stepped out of their skirts, and placed them on the stool and chest respectively.

Leah smiled again, demonstrating her confidence; reached behind her to undo her bra. L. O.'s opened at the front. The panties quickly followed the bras to the floor.

Both girls then paused to look at the other; paying particular attention to the triangle between the others legs.

Leah held out her arms and L. O. went into them. As they cuddled, L. O. could feel Leah's taut nipples pressing into her breasts -- so warm, so soft, so unlike a man's chest. She felt Leah's long legs against her own, smooth and firm.

"Oh, you're so soft, and smooth," L. O. purred.

"And I love the feel of your breasts pressing into mine," answered Leah.

Their mouths came together in another long kiss that ended with L. O. sliding around to Leah's ear and nibbling gently at the lobe -- something she loved having done to her.

Leah let out a long moan, "Ooooh, I love that." It seemed that a woman does know what a woman likes, even in this small way.

L. O.'s hands ran down to Leah's bottom, and squeezed her globes, while nuzzling her neck.

Leah's head went back, giving her free access to that delightful area under the chin and beneath the ear. L. O.'s senses were already swimming -- and from the delighted sounds Leah was making, so were hers.

After a while, Leah stood back from L. O. and said, "Let's get on the bed."

"Shouldn't we wait for Aubrey?" the other asked.

"No. Let's start without him."

L. O. said, "Really?" amazed that Leah would begin without her professed lover. Further, she offered no further sign of resistance to Leah; and they began to kiss and stroke one another until Leah demanded more, slipping her leg between hers, immediately applying pressure from her thigh to L. O.'s pussy.

They were moaning when Leah started a slow journey down L. O.'s body, then stopping at her breasts, drawing each one into her mouth; sucking and nibbling at the areole of each, while

L. O.'s hand calmly stroked her back.

And when Leah used her teeth on L. O.'s nipples, a spark seemed to jump from them, down to her pussy.

"Can ... can I cum from just this?" she inquired of Leah.

"Yeah ... but I won't let you."

"You won't?"

"I have other plans for that," Leah said as her hands weaved their way through L. O.'s hair, her back and finally the cleft of her ass.

"You've thought this out?" L. O. asked, obviously impressed.

"Um, yeah, took me maybe two seconds."

They laughed at that; but when Leah deserted her breasts and moved to her stomach, L. O. began to quiver with excitement, exulting in the silky smoothness of Leah's touch and body parts every time they made contact with her burning flesh. Her legs opened for Leah, her clit already swollen, her cunt weeping for her tongue.

L. O. bit her lip, glanced down at the top of Leah's head; saw that she was squeezing her own breasts with both hands.

Leah's hands parted L. O.'s outer lips. L. O. knew her clit was engorged, for she was already quite wet. She could smell her arousal, but for a moment was confused by what should have been a familiar odor, until she realized that she was also smelling Leah's arousal as well as her own.

In the next few seconds, two things happened, 

only one of which the girls were aware of. First, Leah's tongue darted out and flickered over L. O.'s clit. Second, I picked that moment to enter the bedroom, and stopped in my tracks, watching as Leah drank L. O. in.

I saw L. O. start to convulse, and thought she was going to pass out. But she merely moaned, "AAAHHHHH!" and pressed her hips up to meet Leah's mouth. Leah flicked her tongue across her clit again, and again, and again. 

And with L. O. moaning and squirming, she took one hand away from her pussy, and sent one and then two fingers into her tunnel. Leah was unbelievably gentle in this, not wanting to hurt her new lover.

L. O.'s legs opened wider. Her hips shot up repeatedly, virtually humping Leah's face without even thinking about what she was doing.

I stood there, unnoticed by either girl, and began to disrobe. When I was naked, I moved to them, and stood next to them at the side of the bed.

L. O. was soon completely out of control; savoring the sensation of being eaten out for the first time; still tightly gripping her own breasts, and moaning continuously, while her head and shoulders rocked from side to side.

I was enthralled by the sight of them. I wondered if I should join in, or allow them to finish. I decided to let them continue, and would have, but L. O. opened her eyes, saw my erection and reached out to it.

Leah felt my presence, and welcomed me while still eating L. O.'s pussy. It was garbled, but I understood her all the same. Meanwhile L. O. had already spit on the head of my dick and was using her thumb to thoroughly lubricate the tip.

"You've been practicing, I see," I told her, smiling down at her.

"You're late," she said, looking up at me, then taking me into her mouth and swirling her tongue around me. I was in heaven.

My eyes roved from L. O.'s mouth and eyes, to Leah's face and fingers, which were now vigorously pumping in and out of L. O.'s cunt.

About thirty seconds later, L. O. seemed to lose control of her body. My dick dropped from her mouth, and her hips lunged into Leah's face. A moment later, she was wailing in the throes of a huge climax.

Leah had one arm wrapped around her thigh, maintaining her position with respect to L. O.'s pussy. Leah slowed her pace, but never quit working the other girl; she appeared content to lavish long slow licks to L. O.'s clit, and as I looked on, L. O. came down from one cum and then soared off on another.

Suddenly, Leah wrenched her mouth away and snarled at me, "Now fuck her good!"

I stared at Leah. She was damp with sweat, hair was all awry, and her face and mouth were covered with L. O.'s secretions.

I smiled weakly at her before I kissed her full on the mouth, and tasted L. O.'s juices. It was a lovely, sweet taste.

But I obeyed Leah's command, and knelt down between L. O.'s spread legs, placed my dick at the entrance of her cunt, and reminding myself that she was a virgin, plowed through her hymen with the first thrust.

I was relying on the fact that she was as relaxed after those orgasms as she'd ever be. I was proven correct, for L. O. immediately began fucking me back. For a first timer, I had to admit she was quite capable.

I halted my thrusting and took a moment to kiss L. O. gently on her swollen lips. Her mouth opened and our tongues introduced themselves.

Leah, moved close, and when my mouth left L. O.'s, she replaced it with hers, then breaking the kiss; she stared at me as if challenging me to say something. I didn't, but resumed my pumping into L. O.'s tight hole.

Leah began stroking L. O.'s hair, and lay alongside us as we continued our fucking; now I had both hands under L. O.'s ass lifting her slightly and garnering deeper penetration. Leah's observing of my fucking L. O. caused my dick to swell even larger, and I let the fingers of my right hand slide along L. O.'s ass until they sank into the crack. Then I pulled her closer to me and began to fuck her hard.

"Wait ... Aubrey, wait!" L. O. gasped.

I kept going.

"Please ... slow down ... oh, Jesus ... Ow! You're hurt..."

Her hands were gripping my back so hard that I found furrows etched in my skin later. Right then, I felt the pain, and envisioned the blood coursing down my back and onto my ass.

Asking myself just who was hurting who, I redoubled the intensity of my thrusting. Off in the background, I heard Leah screaming, "Are you crazy? Stop it!"

I ignored her. I was too close to coming and knew that L. O. might cum before me.

One sensation I recall, was that of my balls slapping against her ass; and, as I recollect, L. O. was now yelling for me to fuck her harder.

"Bree..." Leah screamed in my ear, "Stop it, Jesus, you're going to damage her!"

"Does it hurt?" I asked L. O.

"Fuck yeah ... it hurts!"

"Want me to stop?"

"Fuck no!" And she continued to meet each of my thrusts with one of her own. I fell on top of her and with my finger worming its way into her ass, kissed her passionately on the mouth, almost choking her with my tongue.

L. O. started to cum. As I kissed her I felt a series of explosive orgasms shooting through her.

I growled into her mouth, and terminated the kiss. I renewed my fucking, slamming into her at a greater intensity than before. Her cunt spasmed around my cock, and I came with a burst of semen, covering the walls of her cunt while she howled with pleasure as her cunt convulsed around my shaft.

I rammed my hips into her groin, trying to add to the bursts of pleasure we were both enjoying. Belatedly, I realized that my dick hurt like hell. I later saw that I was badly chaffed and both girls treated it with loving care and affection, trying to restore it in order to fuck them again. But it was not to be.

L. O. moaned happily and continued to grind her twat against my thigh long after I had extracted my dick from her lovely sexpot. It occurred to me that she was still coming.

I kissed her again, more tenderly this time and we lingered, lost in the tranquility of our respective climaxes.

When we finally separated, L. O. and Leah began laughing as they watched her squeeze some cum out of her.

Leah found my dick, took it into her mouth and cleansed me. Then turned to L. O. and kissed her feveredly for a long time. I took the opportunity to examine my dick to see why it hurt and discovered the chaffing.

After the girls finished their kissing, Leah smiled at us and asked L. O. "What'd you think

"Now I know why that's all anybody talks about," L. O. answered promptly.

I realized before Leah that she might have meant either getting eaten out, as well as having had her first fuck.

Leah sat up and took L. O. by the hand. "Come on, we need to get you cleaned up." Both girls hopped off the bed, but before following Leah to the shower off the bedroom, L. O. stood on tiptoes, and kissed the tip of my penis, then licked the upper part of the shaft until my hands went to the back of her head. 

Then she backed away, and with a wide smile, said, "Maybe we'll do that later. After we shower, why don't you give it to Leah? She needs a good cum."

From the shower, already running, Leah hollered out to us, "Has she told you that she loves sucking your smooth, hard cock?"

________________________________________

After they came out of the shower, we lay on the bed cuddling and kissing quietly in that warmth that follows really good sex. Then, eventually, I sat up, looked at Leah and asked, "What would you like me to do for you?"

At first, Leah didn't know what to say. Then she smiled at me and said, "Bree, honey, you can do anything you like to me. I'm yours."

I smiled at her, mischief in my eyes. "Well, my dick is sore, but I think I can handle a blowjob if you go easy on me."

"Okay, I promise not to hurt your little sweetie-pie," she giggled.

"I think we should use that lovely mirrored wardrobe door," I said.

Leah looked at me, puzzled.

"Turn around," I told her. "Lie on your back with your head over the end of the bed. Then you'll be able to see what I'm doing to you. And you'll also be able to see your face -- that is, if you can keep your eyes open."

Leah turned towards the foot of the bed, and lay down as I had told her, her head over the end of the bed so she was looking into the mirror. L. O. still naked and showing no evidence of shyness about it, took a seat in the cane-backed chair by the dressing table, turning it so that she could watch us.

I crawled alo

ng Leah's body, and started kissing and licking her exposed neck. Almost immediately her eyes started to close. I lightly slapped the side of her bottom. It left a red mark.

"Ouch!"

"Keep your eyes open, Leah. I want you to see."

I could see in the mirror that Leah smiled, and kept her eyes open as I continued to kiss her lovely neck.

My hands went to Leah's breasts. I cupped them from their sides, squeezed them a few times before stroking her nipples with my thumbs. Her mouth opened, and she began to breathe quickly. After a time, I dipped my mouth to her lengthy nipples and licked them. They were hard in my mouth, and moving from one to the other, I bit each of them hard. Leah was squirming under me, moaning and reaching for my dick, evidently, wanting to place it at her entrance.

I bit harder.

"AAAHHHHH," she moaned loudly. I took a quick look over at L. O. Her hand was between her legs, several fingers were frantically plying her cunt, but her eyes were riveted on us.

Leah's eyes began to close again. I slapped her rump and her eyes snapped open.

"Keep looking, Leah," I warned.

"Put it in!"

"I will ... just not yet."

"Oh ... you bastard!"

I slid down to her tummy, and stuck my tongue into her navel, and seeing me do this in the mirror, she moaned again.

Gradually I traced my tongue down the lower part of her belly, leaving a slug-like trail in my wake. I kissed my way through her pubic hair and paused for several seconds at the entrance to her sex.

Watching in the mirror, her hips began to rise up in anticipation.

"Eat her good!" L. O.'s voice called out to us across the room.

Gently, I used my fingers to spread her labia; I could see her little clit poking out from its hood.

"See it?"

"No, I can't," she replied.

"Feel this?" I asked, and then blew gently on it.

"Yes!" she hissed, and grabbed for my head; managed to capture an ear, and pulled my face against her pussy.

"What would you like me to do to you now, Leah," I asked.

"Oh ... please," she murmured weakly.

"Eat her! Eat her now, or I will!" L. O. said threateningly.

I believed her, and so I asked Leah if she wanted me to lick her there.

"Oh ... please," she replied.

I blew gently on her clit again.

"Oh, God!" she moaned. "Lick me there!"

I dipped towards her clit and sucked it into my mouth, flicking my tongue over the tip of it. Her whole pussy was very wet and soon my lips and cheeks were soaked with her juices. Leah had pulled her knees up, and placed her feet as far apart as they would go. She was completely open to me. She looked so lewd and exciting; I had to refrain from putting my dick to her in another frantic fuck.

I glanced up along her body into the mirror: her eyes were closed again, her mouth open, and a delighted look on her face. I saw L. O. had joined us, standing next to Leah's head, blocking her view of the mirror.

"Keep looking, Leah," I told her, "L. O. you're in the way. Let her see what's happening."

"Oh ... I'm sorry, L. O. said contritely, meaning it.

I slipped one, then two, and then three fingers into Leah's tunnel, sliding them in and out, in and out, in and out, while I hungrily sucked on her clit and flicked my tongue repeatedly over its tip.

I felt a familiar tremor surge through her, and knew her climax was approaching.

Leah's legs went even wider apart and her fingers pulled on her nipples, stretching them out to an incredible length.

She called my name, "Oh, Bree, Bree, Bree ... that's lovely. Ooohhhh!"

Her hips were now up off of the bed, thrusting towards my mouth, and she was so open and wet that I could pull my fingers almost out and then push them deeply into her, over and over again. I felt that feeling of power a man feels when he brings a woman to a feeling of total abandonment.

Leah was completely out of control. Her body arched up to my mouth; her legs were wide apart, and her hand squeezed her nipples so hard I worried that she might damage them. Her mouth was open, and her eyes watched what I was doing to her, until there was one long sound, almost a scream, as she exploded and came.

I stopped fucking her with my fingers, but kept my mouth on her. For a while she remained arched up towards me; then she gradually subsided back onto the bed, exhausted. I licked gently along the length of her slit, bringing her down slowly.
