 Chapter 33
Sigourney & Me

Sigourney and I finished cleaning the place after everyone had left. It was about ten and as we wrapped things up I realized we were peeking at one another.

"Are you as horny as I am?" I asked.

"Probably hornier after watching them go at it all afternoon."

With that she clamped her lips to mine and moaned deep into my mouth. A moment later her pelvis was grinding against mine while she nipped at my mouth and lips. Her hands were roaming wildly from my butt, to my back, and up into my hair. My hands had clamped themselves to her magnificent ass and as my hand drifted between the cheeks of her ass I could feel her heat and even some wetness through the denim of her jeans. Urging my hand forward, I cupped the sponginess of her mound and smiled at her reaction, which was to shove her pudenda harder against my hand.

Sigourney moaned, and her fingers turned to claws as they gripped the muscles of my back. She was panting as her tongue roamed around my gums and teeth, finally tearing away from my mouth only to bury her face in the crook of my neck.

Her hips were working frantically against my searching fingers.

My God, she's going to come! I thought an instant before she went rigid in my arms. Her hips bucked violently, once, twice, three times; and then the hand that had been cupping her moist crotch was flooded with her hot ejaculate. She had squirted with a vengeance.

"Oh ... I ... shit!" She managed then shuddered her way from the peak of her climax down to the glow of completion.

Finally she was still. She hung from my arms as if her bones had turned to jelly. Sweat dripped from her face and saturated my shirtfront, while her juices had soaked through her jeans and were lubricating my fingers. I had never met a woman who came so copiously and violently as Sigourney.

Her eyes met mine and as she gripped my cock she whispered, "Bree, I have to suck your cock!"

That said, she brought my cock into her hot velvet mouth; and as it traversed the depth of her throat I felt a constriction on the head of my cock, and saw Sigourney's eyes well up from the effort to deep throat me.

I gasped then swore, "Fuck!"

Sigourney held it for a second of two before gagging while I reeled in a rapture I'd seldom felt before.

She released my dick, took it out of her mouth, it was coated with her saliva. Tears rolled down her face until she thought to wipe them away. A moment later she recaptured my erection and brought it back to her mouth. This time she allowed her tongue to play with it and didn't take it anywhere near as deep. 

"Lick the head!"

She took it from her mouth and inspected it. "You have a delectable taste to you," she told me. I moaned then said, "Ooooh let me fuck that mouth!"

I was back inside in a flash. "Ooooh! Oh, yeah!"

"That feel good?"

"Oh, you're nasty."

"Nasty?"

"Yeah, real nasty! Put a finger in your hole."

"Like this?"

"Yeah ... maybe add another one."

"Mmmm, like so?"

"Absofuckenlutley!"

"Watch me suck your cock, Bree. Watch me make you cum."

And so I focused on Sigourney, her mouth filled with my aching meat and moments later her hand was softly massaging my tight balls and just when I thought it couldn't get any better she began rubbing my perineum. Her fingers felt wet, it was clear to me that while she was sucking me off she was fingering her pussy.

"You like that, Bree?"

"God, yes!"

Sigourney took me deep again until she started to gag, but left me there until I edged back a little to give her breathing room.

Meanwhile she reciprocated by applying undulating pressure to his prostate with her finger. Eventually she pulled her head off my dick, and leaving it soaked in saliva, looked into my eyes. "Mmmm, you like fucking my mouth, don't you?"

"Love it!"

"Are you ready to come for me?"

"Yes, yes, I don't think I can hold back."

"Then don't, cum in my mouth."

I groaned; she had a filthy mouth and a filthy mind. She was a wonderful lover and an incredible slut.

Sigourney returned to circling my cock head with her tongue, stroking it with her hand using a twisting motion while taking the top half into her mouth over and over again. I could feel it swelling with a familiar sensation; I was not going to able to hold back now as she lowered her mouth deep down onto his cock again.

I threw my head back and yelled, "Fuck! Fuck!"

"Mmmmm," she moaned while my jerking cock filled her mouth with semen. Her finger kept stabbing into my ass, prolonging my ejaculation phase about twice its normal length.

Finally, she released my from between her lips and swallowed what remained in her mouth. "Mmmm, you taste so good. Do I taste as good to you?"

"We'll have news on that at eleven," I answered, and we both laughed at my inanity.

She hadn't stopped jerking me off, and kept a close watch on the eye of my cock as the last vestiges of semen oozed forth, and only then did she scoop up what remained and bring her fingers to her mouth, making a meal of licking it off her fingers then my cock.

"Mmmm, Bree baby, you have no idea how good you taste."

"I know you hogged it all. I don't know if I'll share any of your juices with you after I make you come three or four times."

"We'll see about that when we see about that," she replied.

"You've been watching too much Howard Cosell, I responded, referring to the most controversial sports broadcaster of the time.

"So, Siggy baby, want me to pinch those nipples?"

"Yes!"

"Want me to eat you out?"

"YES!"

Using both hands, I stroked then lifted her breasts at the same time, loving the weight of them, the shape of them and the heat coming from them. Using my index fingers and thumbs, I started rolling her nipples; gently squeezing them and extending them until the rubbery knobs protruded from her breasts at least half an inch. She was moaning and rubbing her ass against my semi-erect cock. Reaching back Sigourney began rubbing her palms up and down the backs of my thighs. I leaned forward and ran my lips and tongue up and down the back of her neck and shoulders while my eyes feasted on the twin mounds of perfection that were her breasts. Full, round, and slightly up tilted, they were capped by those hard, long, dark pink nipples. Her breasts had virtually no sag at all. They were a work of art. 

I needed to taste them. As my mouth dropped to one of her heaving tits, her hand went for testicles, manipulating them so as to generate the greatest pleasure possible. I sucked and nibbled at her nipples, tasting her flesh and the faint saltiness of her sweat before switching to the underside of each breast, until she whimpered, "Fuck me! Suck me down there! I need to get off!"

Her pussy was swollen and red with her juices already drooling down the crack of her gorgeous ass. I drank in her aroma. It was sweet, heady and spicy.

"Give it to me, baby," she purred.

I was hard enough to fuck and positioned myself at her ruddy entrance. With a wild moan, she grabbed me and inserted my dick into her hot tunnel, thrusting her hips up at me at the same time I thrust into her. Our pelvic bones met and locked as we strained against each other. After a few moments I slowly withdrew until just the head of my cock was inside her hot, silky cunt then I slowly slid back in until I bottomed out. I got a rhythm going then began thrusting harder. 

Sigourney's moans turned to screams. "FUCK ME! Oh you bastard ... don't play with me ... FUCK ME! ... harder baby ... give it to me ... FUCK ME BREE!"

Then she was coming. Her slick hot juices flooded from her pussy in a series of spasms which I felt rip through her as her nails ripped furrows in my back while my hands mashed her ass and tits.

It took a while for things to calm down as neither of us wanted to relinquish the feelings we were experiencing, but finally we collapsed back onto the sweat soaked sheets. We lay just holding each other and tenderly kissing whatever flesh came within range until our breathing and heart rates returned to normal.

Sigourney started talking then, non-stop. "Don't hate me, Bree, but I can't stop thinking about the session earlier."

"Anything specific?" I asked looking for a possible means of further stimulating my lover.

"Fuschia's tits ... and how Dan fingered her."

"I remember you telling me you were soaked from watching them."

"Was I ever! I had to take my panties off and go commando and then my jeans were drenched with my juices."

"I could smell you," I told her.

Startled by my admission, she said, "Really? You could smell me?"

"Sure, and you could probably have smelled my arousal as well if you had tried."

"You think?"

"It's the testosterone we give off when sufficiently stimulated. I'm pretty sure we smell it, but our other senses over-ride our noses. I mean, all we're thinking about is fucking someone and that wipes out the olfactory senses. Well, it doesn't wipe them out, but we're distracted by wanting to get it on."

She pulled away from me and peered up at me. "I think you're right about that."

Then she felt my erection pressing against her thigh and lowered her head until her extended tongue was slowly licking the tip of my cock. "Want me to jerk you off?"

"If you want to," I replied.

She held my cock up to my belly, so she could lick the underside of my cock and get to my balls as well. The tongue bath she was giving my cock and balls was sensational. They were dripping with her saliva. Then she started to suck on my cock. All the while, her left hand was slowly jacking me off. I was really beginning to feel tightening that my orgasm was slowly approaching. She seemed to sense it and backed off to let my impending orgasm recede. It was as if she were counting to thirty. (Later she confessed she was counting, but not that high.)

Siggy took me back in her mouth while slowly bobbing her head up and down then paused to wet a finger on her right hand and began to probe my asshole. She went back to slowly bobbing her head up and down my cock. I began to encourage her by guiding her motions with my hand on her head and with my moans of pleasure. Her finger was completely inserted into my ass, stimulating my prostate. I was getting close when she took me down her throat.

"No, no!" I barked causing her to expel me from her mouth and pull the finger from my ass.

"What? Did I do something wrong?"

"No, I want to fuck you. I won't be able to if you suck all the juice from my dick."

"I'm all for that," she giggled.

"I have something else planned."

"What, tell me, what is it?"

"You'll see ... then again, maybe you won't."

"Are you being silly, Bree? I don't follow you..."

"Shhh!" I said and left the room in search of the package I had brought over two nights earlier with some toys I wanted to try on her.

When I returned the first thing Sigourney said was predictably enough, "What's in the box?"

"Some presents," I said striving for vagueness I wasn't going to achieve.

"Toys, I bet you brought some toys over!" Her voice was filled with heady expectations and for the first time I began to doubt what I was about to do.

Putting the box down beside the bed, I joined her on the bed and lay on top of her. We kissed for a while then I gently bit and sucked on her neck and earlobes while lightly caressing her body. I teased her inner thighs with my mouth and tongue while my hands worked her breasts. I had her moaning continuously and felt the heat emanating off her smooth pussy. A quick lick from the bottom of her slit to her clit brought forth a groan of frustration from her. I smiled at her as I stood up and took the blindfold from the box.

"You've seen enough for the time being," I said calmly and slowly placed it over her eyes.

"Can you see anything?"

"No, but..."

"Shhh. I'll do the talking. You'll have to wait for the rest," I said, putting as much warmth into my voice as possible. Reaching back into the box I found the velvet ropes and started tying her wrists to the posts.

"I've never done this before," she said, the excitement evident in her tone as I secured her ankles to the remaining bedposts.

"I'll be back in a minute and let you know the rules," I said as I finished tying the ropes to her cuffs. I took a minute to bring a kitchen chair into the room and found her writhing on the bed one hand jammed in her mouth, trying unsuccessfully to keep quiet; the other hand was frantically rubbing her twat.

I clapped my hands together. Sigourney leapt up against her bindings, tearing her hand away from her sex at the same time.

"Leave it to you to break the rules before learning them," I said.

"I can't break the rules if I don't know them," she shot back, confidently, turning her head from side to side as if trying to discern my position from behind the blindfold.

"The law maintains that ignorance is no excuse, Siggy."

"Don't call me that, I hate it."

I reached into my toy box and took out a feather. We had not played with the toys as yet having so many other things to do, but we had discussed it, but not how or when each implement would be used. I drew the feather across her left nipple and she shuddered with delight.

"Nice ... very nice, Bree. I won't mind this at all," she cooed.

But after several minutes of careful touches with the feather, Sigourney was trembling in desperation, and begging me to end the teasing. It seemed that she was ticklish in the most sensitive portions of her anatomy; and that the feather caused her to pull away from its light caresses, but that brought a certain discomfort that gradually turned to excruciating pain in her wrists and ankles which were bound securely to the bedposts and were already obviously chaffed to the point of burns.

"Want me to stop with the feather?"

"YES, PLEASE!"

I let the feather fall and drift slowly into the box from which it had come. I hovered over her breasts, waiting for the right moment and when it came took her right nipple between my teeth and bit it. I alternated between her nipples for the next ten minutes or so, and had her quivering with anticipation.

"Shove your cock in me, you bastard!" she screamed.

"Soon enough, soon enough," I chuckled, knowing I couldn't hold off much longer or I'd risk coming without having entered her. Still I fought the impulse to end the teasing and just fuck her and slowly kissed my way up her legs. Starting where the leather cuff ended, spending a good bit of time on the back of her legs where she is very sensitive. She moaned from the first touch of my lips, never stopping until I took her labia in my mouth and sucked.

That got her off.

I pried her labia apart and looked at the inside of her pussy. It was oozing juice. I stuck my tongue in and slurped up all I could. She screamed, "Yes, Yes!" as her first full orgasm overcame her body.

I moved away from her pussy and spent several minutes covering her ass cheeks with wet smoochy kisses. As she came down from her high I moved my way up to her asshole, stuck my tongue in it then sucked on her pucker. I moistened my index finger and gently sank it into her ass.

"That's it baby," she muttered.

I kept teasing her, listening for those tell-tale sighs and moans indicating that she was nearing another climax. This time it was when she suddenly started flexing against her bonds. I wiggled the finger in her ass and sucked on her rubbery clit almost simultaneously.

Sigourney began muttering unintelligibly to herself. I counted to six then bit down on her clit. Two heartbeats later she screamed out, "Oh, God, yes!" and came again.

I pulled my finger out of her ass, picked up the tube of lubrication and squirted it in and around the opening that gaped at me. She probably didn't even notice as she was still rolling in aftershocks. As I went back to sucking her pussy, I slowly shoved two fingers into her ass. She grunted when I did that. I slowly tongued her clit while shoving the fingers in and out of her ass.

She started to moan with pleasure. "Bree," she gasped after a few minutes of that, "You put that cock in my ass ... I think ... I think I'm gonna come really, really hard."

"Let's go for it, baby," I whispered." I got to my feet. Looking at her in that position caused my dick to throb, and I couldn't resist swiping it up and down her slit. She flinched as I did so. I slowly pushed into her; it was the most delicious feeling. I could feel her ass contract as I eased out then slid back into her.

Breathlessly, Sigourney said, "Feels so damn good."

I pumped slowly, not wanting to get too excited. It was a wondrous feeling having her ass clutching me so tightly.

"Keep it slow," she croaked. "Take it real slow."

"I will," I said and sank in to the hilt and remained stationary for a time.

She told me when she was ready by simply saying, "What are you waiting for? Fuck that ass!"

I started slowly and built up speed. Before I knew it I was slamming into her like Johnny B. Good.

"Rub my clit, lover! Rub it good!"

I reached down with my non-lubed hand and started to rub furiously. We were both quickly approaching release. 

"Here I come!" I grunted. That's all it took to push her over the edge. She screamed, "Oh, my God, what's happening?"

As she screamed, something sprayed all over my legs just as my load rocketed from my gonads and splattered deep into her anus. It felt as if I had been hit with a water gun. I didn't worry about it, but after my orgasm ended I untied her hands and legs from their bindings.

I stuck a finger into the liquid she had spewed out and tasted it. There was a certain pussy juice flavor but it wasn't as slick, it was more watery and I realized that she had squirted for me.

I caressed her body as she made little sounds of contentment. I asked, "Did you enjoy yourself?"

"You know damn well I did. Did you?"

"Of course I did."

"In a little while..." she said and stopped to take a deep breath. "Want to go clubbing?"

"Why not, the night is young."

________________________________________

We were at Lena's new lounge, down on the River Front. Just the two of us, Sigourney sipping at her Mai Tai while I sucked down my beer. I reached out to stroke Sigourney's knee. "We can go after I finish this," I said.

"Sure," she replied, as a young woman walked past us on her way out. "She's cute," Sigourney said, as if she were commenting on the decor.

I sighed. It's a people-watching game we've played from time to time. One of us points out a woman and the other gives her the thumbs-up or the thumbs-down.

"What? You don't think she's cute?"

"I guess so."

"You guess so? What are you into, then? I don't mean the bimbos we've been auditioning. I mean, say real life types. What kind of woman would you be attracted to if you weren't with me?"

"If I were to look — that is, if I didn't leave everything up to chance the way I usually do — I'd probably look for a brunette, like a tall, leggy, raven-haired beauty with, y'know, a proper ass." I gazed off into the distance, and then noticed a woman who had just moved next to Sigourney at the bar. "Like her, actually."

"Who?"

"Right behind you, Siggy."

Sigourney snuck a glance over her shoulder. 

"Yeah, she's hot."

A moment later she excused herself to go find the restroom. In the meantime I practiced leaning back in my barstool and appearing nonchalant. The raven-haired beauty turned around and smiled at me across the expanse of Sigourney's vacant seat. I immediately recognized her as the same woman who'd smiled at me shortly after we'd arrived at the bar. I returned the favor, nodding slightly as if to say: "Your move, sweetheart."

She inched closer, leaning over the stool between us. "So is she your girlfriend or what?"

Now a typical guy would nervously decline the invitation while quietly cursing themselves over never having been approached by a beautiful woman when not encumbered by a date. But having known a few women fairly well, I knew that if I answered her simple question with a "yes" without any additional qualification, she would assume the door is closed. If, on the other hand, I launched into a discussion concerning the particulars of my dating history, I risked coming across as a threesome-obsessed sleazebag. So I said, "Well yes, but we also see other people."
