 Will work for food. The sign read. The tanned muscled body holding the sign gleamed in the hot summer sun.

She did have those steps that needed repair. Jana hit her brakes. The red convertible mustang skidded to a stop at the side of the road sending gravel flying. Glancing over her shoulder, her sunglasses slid down her nose.

The hottie started towards her car in a slow easy gait that spoke of confidence. 

Stopping next to her car their eyes met. "What kind of work do you do?"

He had lots of sandy colored hair, a full sensual bottom lip and bedroom eyes. "I'm good at just about anything." He replied confidently with just a touch of a southern twang.

I just bet you are! Jana swallowed the lump that formed in her throat. She shifted in her seat, squaring her shoulders and thrusting her breast out.

The sun defined muscles that should have been illegal. "I have these steps."

"Hammerin's one of my specialties." 

A manicured finger pressed down on the electronic lock button. 

Throwing his duffle into the back, he slid into the seat next to her. His presence filled the small car. "How old are you?" She asked as she put the car into gear.

"Twenty four. How old are you?"

She bit her lip. Next week was the big thirty-five. "Thirty one."

"Ya look good."

I should since I haven't let my breath out since I saw you. "Thanks."

He had taken his shirt off and his golden skin gleamed with youth and vitality. His jeans rode low on his hips, not the way kids wore them these days but enough that the white band of his briefs contrasted with tanned flesh. The screen door creaked as she opened it. "I brought you a beer."

He raised a hand shading his eyes then reached for the cold long necked bottle. Jana perched on the top step her shorts revealing long sun-bronzed legs. She tipped her own glass of gin and tonic and the ice clinked. She licked her lips. "I didn't ask your name." 

"John. Yours?" He asked before lifting the bottle to his mouth. He guzzled the beer and his adams apple worked up and down his throat in a sexy display. 

"Jana." She croaked her throat suddenly dry. Taking another sip of her drink, she suckled a piece of ice into her mouth. 

"I guess you're hungry."

His heated gaze ran the length of her body and her panties dampened. "I could eat."

She let her thighs part as she slowly swung her legs around to stand up. "Well come inside and eat. Drinking that beer in the sun might make you light headed. I wouldn't want you to think I was trying to take advantage of you."

"Never crossed my mind." He planted a booted foot on the new first step. It didn't sag or creak anymore.

Jana watched as he put the last piece of steak into his mouth. He savored his food, taking a long time to chew and swallow each piece. She'd never noticed how erotic eating could be or maybe he made it erotic with his slow bites and groans of satisfaction. 

Sitting his glass down on the table, he leaned back in the chair. He had donned his shirt, as he patted his stomach, drawing her eyes to his washboard abs. "I think that meal was worth more than the work I did. Is there anything else I can do for you?"


Oh, boy could you. "I'm not sure what do you have in mind?"

"You seem a little tense. I give great massages."

Jana laid naked, face down on her bed with a pristine white towel across her buttocks as her only covering. Her mouth was dry and her hands began to sweat. He hadn't touched her yet and she was already a wreck.

The bed dipped as John knelt next to her feet, and she flinched nervously. Lifting one foot, he began at her toes massaging each digit, by the time he reached the sole of her foot her pussy was pulsing. She was sure there'd be a wet spot on the bed. 

This was obviously not his first time. In fact, he should be a professional. His hands were work hardened and calloused. Rough hands with a gentle touch. He applied just the right pressure as his hands skimmed her thighs. Dexterous thumbs ran under the towel and the blunt tips traced the curve of her ass. 

A guttural groan escaped from the depths of her being when his hands left her body.

Shifting position, he began to work on her lower back. His thumbs rode over each vertebra as his fingers skimmed her rib cage. "That feels so good." She squirmed under his touch and the cotton sheet chafed her swollen nipples. 

"Do you have any oil?" 

"Yes, uh in the bathroom." She started to roll to one side as she pointed and she knew his eyes didn't miss the curve of her breast.

He returned momentarily this time he knelt with one thigh between her legs his knee almost touching her weeping pussy. It was skin against skin, she noticed the absence of his jeans but she didn't comment. She wondered if he still wore his briefs but she didn't have the nerve to turn and look.

Rubbing his hands together, he warmed the oil before applying it to her back. He started at her bottom and worked his way up. She realized her towel was no longer in place and she wondered when he removed it.

This time his touch was not one of a masseuse but of a lover as his fingers trailed along the sensitive sides of her breasts. He shifted her arms to lie straight out from her body and when he rubbed the oil down their length, he lowered his body over hers and she had her answer. No briefs. 

A fully aroused cock lay nestled against the crack of her ass and then some. She wiggled back against him begging him to thrust inside her and end her torment. She couldn't remember ever being this hot, wet and needy.

Sharp teeth nibbled her ear. "You okay with this?"

She bit her lip and nodded her head. She didn't trust herself to speak. 

He rolled off the bed and for a second she thought he misunderstood her nod. Then she realized he was digging in the pocket of his discarded jeans for a condom. Thank god, one of them was not beyond rational thought.

He stood to the side of the bed and she had her first look at his cock. It was a thick, wide rod jutting up from a nest of sandy curls. She licked her lips anxiously awaiting the deep penetration, she knew was coming. 

As he began to sheath himself in the condom, he threw two more packets onto the bed right in front of her face. There was something to be said for the stamina of a twenty four year old.

The blunt latex covered tip of his cock rubbed against her clit in a teasing caress. Jana bucked trying to lodge his pole where she wanted it.

John withdrew, allowing just his tip to graze her pussy, trailing her juice back towards her ass.

Jana growled impatiently. "Quit teasing."

"Tell me what you want."

"You know what I want."

"Tell me. Say, John fuck me hard."

"Fuck me hard and deep. Let me see what a twenty-four year old stud can do."

His first thrust burrowed deep. Her breath hitched in her throat. She was so hot and ready for him his second long, slow thrust put her over the edge. Jana tossed her head back and clenched her thighs as she cried out. It had been awhile and she went off like a rocket.

John stilled deep inside her waiting for her to recover. His tongue traveled the length of her spine and she shivered. She thrust her ass backwards silently begging him to continue. He surged deeper stretching her confines. Even without looking, she would have known he was the most well endowed lover she'd ever had.

A slap on her ass got her attention. "Get on your knees so I can play with your tits while I fuck your wet little cunt."

Jana blinked unused to such blunt words. His hand caressed her ass, with just a hint of a threat and she push to her knees.

His cock reached so deep it was almost painful but she wouldn't complain. It felt so fucking good. 

"You like this don't ya? Getting fucked doggie style by a man you picked up."

"I've never done this before."

"But you'll do it again." He roughly thrust his huge cock into her.

A scream escaped her lips. "I don't know."

"I know you'll want more of this." He slowed his stoke.

"Don't stop." She could feel another climax building. Her thighs quivered and her pussy pulsed as her blood boiled. He changed his rhythm and she erupted. The peak so high she trembled uncontrollably, the muscles of her pussy clenching his cock mercilessly. John's shout of release followed abruptly.

John lay against the headboard legs splayed wide as he removed the condom from his semi-erect dick. "That was good."

"Damn good." She groaned.

"Come here and suck this back to life and I'll show ya damn good."

She eyed his member and it twitched. It did look rather appetizing. She crawled between his thighs. Before she could lower her lips, it was already showing signs of resurgence.

Her lips stretched around his thick girth. He tasted of a combination of jism and condom. 

"You look fucking hot with your lips wrapped around my cock."

He made her feel hot and wanted. Devouring his cock made her feel sexy. She slurped circling the plum head with her tongue. Mmm, like it or not sucking stud cock was an aphrodisiac. 

His hands wrapped in her hair. "Deeper baby, harder." His hands urged her mouth down his dick. She couldn't take him all the way. He was too massive for that but she licked his shaft paying special attention to the heavy vein that ran up the underside of his cock.

"Fuck." He yanked at her hair. "You have to stop." His dick popped out of her mouth.

"What?" She licked her lips and they felt slightly swollen.

"I got other plans for this load I'm packing."

"Really." She grinned but her lips still felt awkward.

"You stay right where ya are." He swung one leg over her head and moved behind her. "Now ya lay that pretty little face down on that pillow. "Yeah, that's right and bring these hips up here. He positioned her on her knees with her ass in the air. "Oh, I like this view. Nice creamy pussy just waiting to be eaten."

He trailed a finger through her wet folds parting her labia. "What'd I find here?" His thumb rode her clit and she arched her back. Hot breath fanned her exposed pussy.

"Ya smell delicious." His tongue traced her mound before thrusting into her hole. It was all Jana could do to hold her hips still while he tongue fucked her. The raspy caress ate at her control. When he pinched her clit, she saw stars and bucked creaming in his mouth.

"That was good but I promised Damn Good didn't I."

She saw him pick up the oil and slather his cock. She didn't realize his intent until he pressed the head of the oil bottle into her ass and squeezed. She gasped. The oil was cool and slick. "John, I don't think."

"Don't think." He prodded her with his cock head. 

"You don't have a condom on." Jana protested.

"We only have two left. I'm clean." He hesitated and she knew he was waiting for her go-ahead. There were two condoms left but he must have plans for them.

"I'm good." Her voice was breathy with anticipation.

His thick head parted the virgin flesh of her ass. Fuck, he was huge, her sphincter tightened trying to reject him. "J...John, I never..."

He stopped with his head lodged up her backside. "This is new?"

She bit her lip, nodding her head. "Relax, I'm not gonna hurt ya. I'll take it real slow. This is gonna be fuckin awesome." His oil covered cock edge a little further in. It felt like he was splitting her open. 

His thumbs rode down her spine from tilted up ass to neck and back again. "Relax baby, it'll be easier now. That was the thickest part."

Both hands grasped her hips and he eased in balls deep. Stretched and stuffed full Jana couldn't breath. She wasn't going to be able to do this.

He eased back and the pressure receded. Setting a rhythm his thick appendage ravaged her ass. She would have complained if she could have spoken. He thrust two fingers into her pussy, his thumb buffeting her clit and she shattered. 

Jana stretched and felt something poke her in the back. It was an opened condom wrapper. She threw it in the trash to join the other two. They'd had no problem using all three condoms and could have used more. 

She remembered how she let him fuck her in the ass bareback. She heard the shower turn off and wondered if her ass was up to another fucking. She knew John would be up to it. Lord what stamina.

"Are ya gonna need any more work done around here?"

"Yes. My shed needs a new door but it will have to wait until Tuesday."

"Tuesday it is." John lifted a hand in farewell as he headed down the drive. It was early morning and his hair was still damp from the shower. The jeans he chose today were tighter. They hugged his impressive ass. 

Jana stood at the counter humming a tune and chopping vegetables. The screen door slammed and she turned to face the blonde haired man she'd fallen in love with all those years ago. Sitting his briefcase down, he tugged his tie off. "It's been a hell of a trip, get me a drink."

"Sorry I didn't hear you coming." However, she should have smelled him. He reeked of cheap perfume. His latest slut must bathe in the fragrance. 

"Yeah, I see you fixed the steps. I thought the woodworking class would be another waste of your time. Never thought you'd do it."

"I can do a lot of things that might surprise you." 

"Obviously making a bourbon and coke isn't one of them."

Jana's hand shook as she poured the bourbon. A smile curled her lip. Tuesday was only four days away.