 He came over to talk about updating the kitchen and bathroom. He was delayed because of the rain, and it was dark out by the time he arrived. My husband had already left for work, trusting I knew what I wanted done. I opened the door to the sexiest, most rugged man I'd ever seen. I could see by the way he looked at me he wanted me, and as I led him to the kitchen I was suddenly aware that I wasn't wearing anything under my short dress. As I showed him the problem with the countertop, I leaned over and I felt my dress start riding up but I didn't know if he could see anything. Then he came over to look, brushing up against me as he leaned over too. 

We talked some more about the different things that could be done, and I knew when he talked about expanding things he wasn't just talking about the kitchen. I leaned into the fridge to get him a bottle of water, bending forward much farther than necessary. When we talked about lighting, I was tempted to sit on the counter and show him how I needed more lighting to do certain things on the counter, but I restrained myself, showing him instead to the bathroom. In the enclosed space of the bathroom, the heat between us was unbearable. I showed him how I needed a ledge in the bathtub to shave my legs, lifting my leg up and placing my foot high up on the wall of the shower, knowing he wasn't looking at the ledge anymore. I explained that I needed a lot more room in the tub, because I like to relax and enjoy myself in the bathtub. Then I went to the counter, showing him how tall I'd like the new mirror to be, stretching up on my toes as my dress rode higher. 

As I leaned over the sink to show him what kind of faucet I'd like, he was suddenly behind me, hands roving over my ass, telling me he wanted to do a job for me, asking if I would like the special housewife discount as his fingers slid across my pussy, my wet lips parting easily. He told me he was going to bring a whole team of people in for this job, and that I would have to fuck them all for him like the naughty housewife I am, as he yanked my dress up and spanked my ass, fingers probing farther into my pussy. 

He said the room needed to be painted, and that he would have to get out his painters tools, as he pulled a putty knife from his toolbelt and smacked my ass with the flat side. He pulls out a roll of duct tape from his belt, wrenching my arms behind me and tying my hands together tight. One of my hands is directly over his cock, which I can feel through his shorts is so hard, so I start stroking it as he fingers my dripping pussy. He drops to his knees and licks my pussy and ass, making me squirm and moan, pushing back towards him. He stands and leads me to the bed, pushing me down on the edge of the bed as he licks me again, pulling out a soft paintbrush and rubbing it all over my pussy, teasing my clit with the bristles as his fingers thrust harder and harder. Then he drops his shorts and shoves his throbbing hard cock into my tight little pussy, pushing the head in hard. I gasp, as his huge cock fills my pussy, pressing against my g-spot, making me moan with pleasure and push back against him. 

He cuts the tape from my hands, then commands me to my knees to suck my juices from his huge throbbing hard cock. He lays back on the bed and tells me to suck his balls, which I do feverishly, licking his taint and flicking my tongue over his balls. He forces my head down his cock, over and over again, shoving it deep in my throat. Then he throws me down on the bed, on my back this time. He shoves my knees up, forcing his cock deep in my pussy, and I see this look in his eyes like he is taking out all the stress of the day on my pussy. He catches my eye, then presses a wrench to my throat, cutting off some of my air as he fucks me til I cum. 

He goes down to lick up my cream, smacking my clit with his heavy toolbelt, shoving his fingers into me, curling them against my g-spot. Then he takes a drink of his ice-cold water, licking me with his cold tongue, taking my clit between his teeth as he fingers me til I squirt, grabbing his head and holding it against me as I grind myself against his mouth. He fucks me again making me cum again, then comes around the other side of the bed, making me suck his balls as I stroke his cock. He orders me to strip off my dress and lay at the edge of the bed. He then fucks me nice and slow, sucking my hard nipples and rubbing my tits. He pulls out, rubs his hot throbbing cock against my clit, then cums all over my thighs, pussy, stomach, and chest. Still hard, he fucks me again as I cum hard and fast, feeling his hot seed all over me.

Think I will give him the job, and have him over again...