 I live in a small town on the Atlantic coast. I graduated high school but wasn't able to go to college. My Dad is a penny pincher and he said he couldn't afford to send me. I ended up getting a job in town waiting on tables at the local restaurant. I hated every second of being there. People tend to order you around and complain about the food. I also disliked being left fifty cent tips. How was I supposed to survive on that?

One day at the restaurant an attractive woman came in. I think everyone turned to stare at her. She sat down at one of my tables I was waiting on. She ordered her food and when I brought it to her table she asked if I knew where to get hired help. I asked her what she was looking for. She said she just moved into town and she needed someone to maintain her house and lawn for her.

I told her I knew just the guy. When she asked who, I told her I was available. She asked me if I was willing to leave the restaurant.

"In a heartbeat," I told her.

She smiled and gave me the directions as to where she lives. I knew the location exactly. There was a large summer home that no one seemed to live in. People's tongues were wagging as to who owned the place. I figured the pay couldn't be any worse than waiting on ungrateful customers. Before she left she told me her name was Jessica and to park my car at the gate and walk up to the house. As soon as she said I was hired. I took off my bib and found the manager. I told him I was done as of right now.

"Where are you going to find a better job?" He asked me.

I told him it was none of his business and I left. I got home and told my parents I found a new job. My Dad thought I was a fool for leaving the restaurant. I told my Dad that I didn't make squat at that restaurant he loved so much. I was willing to take my chances with my new employer. The next morning I arrive at eight am. I parked my car at the gate and walked up to the house. Jessica opened the door.

"I like a person who is prompt," she told me.

She gave me the key and told me to unlock the gate and drive my car inside. Jessica had a laundry list of things that needed done. The first order of business was to get fire wood for the fireplace. Fall was approaching and she would need to use the fireplace for warmth. I turned around and drove back into town. I stopped at a place I knew and told them I needed fire wood sent to the address of my new employer.

This guy gave me the runaround. What did I need it for and who ordered this. I told him the woman living at the summer house sent me to get wood delivered to her home. I got more shit from this guy and I turned around and started to walk. 

Where are you going?" He asked.

"Can you deliver it or not? If you can't, I know some other places that will take my employer's money."

That shut him up and he said he would send a truck out. I told him to be there at nine am tomorrow morning prompt. It felt nice to order other people around for a change. I drove back to Jessica and she had more tasks for me.

"Can you get the ride mower working, Rick? I tried to start it but it wouldn't budge."

I cleaned out the old gas and I managed to find a replacement spark plug in the shed. A little aggravation later and she fired right up. Things seemed to be looking up for me. When I finished mowing, Jessica said I was supposed to come inside and find her. She was sitting at a desk and going through papers.

She looked up at me and motioned me to come over.

"Can you rub my shoulders? I'm not used to heavy labor it seems."

I walked around and started to press my fingers into her neck and shoulders. Jessica let out this whimper like it was working. I hadn't touched a woman in nearly a year. It felt good to be massaging Jessica. After a few minutes of that, Jessica swung around in her seat. I know she had her eyes looking directly at my crotch. She looked up and my face and then back down. I couldn't believe it when Jessica reached out and placed her hand on the front of my jeans. 

It only happened for a few seconds. Jessica quickly pulled away and stood up.

"I'm so sorry," she said and then she got up and walked away.

I didn't know what was going on. I walked back outside and got back to working. Later in the afternoon Jessica found me.

"Can we talk?" She asked.

We went back inside the house. Jessica told me her story there. She had been married to a financial guy who was well off. Jessica had it made. She stayed at home and didn't have to work. Everything seemed to be looking up. As time went on, her husband came home later and later from work. She said she could smell another woman's perfume on him. The sex had been diminishing as well. She ended up confronting him.

The husband told her flat out that he wanted a divorce. She told me she was floored. She had done everything her husband asked of her. She was the perfect trophy wife. It didn't matter anymore. Her husband had made a big mistake, however. Jessica had never signed a prenuptial agreement. She ended up getting half the money and this house. Jessica wanted to get away from her ex-husband and the city she was living in. She decided to move out here.

She told me that she hadn't been with a man in a long time. She said she lost control right then and she touched me. We were standing so close. I pulled her into my body and we kissed. I guess we were like two animals in heat right then. Somehow we managed to get back to her bedroom. I pulled her shirt off and Jessica removed her bra. She had the biggest tits I had ever seen.

Off came her pants and panties. Jessica had her pubic hair shaved way down. I stripped down and we both got onto the bed. Jessica had me get on my back.

"I like a man with a big cock," she told me. 

I didn't feel like I was all that big but if she felt that way, all the better. Jessica took me in her hand and squeezed my cock at the root. She lowered her face and took me in her mouth. It all seemed like a dream right then. Jessica was bobbing up and down my prick and I was getting rock hard. A few minutes of that and Jessica pulled away. She climbed up over my body. She took hold of my cock and brought it to her pussy lips.

Jessica sunk down on me and we began fucking for the first time. All I could think of was that I needed to feel her tits. I took each breast in a hand and I squeezed them. Jessica was panting hard as she slammed down onto my erect prick. Jessica rode me and I thrust upwards into her belly. 

"Your cock feels so thick," she said.

All I wanted to do was stay hard and not cum immediately. I wanted her to think I was a good lover. I was able to hold out a long time, maybe an hour. Jessica was shaking as she slid up and down my rod.

"I want you to cum in me Rick!" 

I pumped my dick into Jessica's tight hole and I held on for a few more minutes. The time finally came and I blew my thick load into Jessica's pussy. Her eyes went big and she screamed out loud as she felt me explode inside her. I had a large load saved up, that much was for sure. I kept plowing my cock into her belly and I felt Jessica's orgasms. We must have continued for fifteen minutes longer. Jessica finally pulled away from me.

When she did, my cum came spilling out of her love tunnel. There was cream dripping out everywhere. Jessica quickly ran into her bathroom. I didn't see for some time. When she can back she had a bathrobe on. 

"Thank you so much Rick, that was wonderful."

Just like that we were done. I thought we would continue but that wasn't going to be the case. Jessica got dressed again and I finally started to pull my clothes on. It seemed like there was work to be done and we better get back to it. I was pissed to say the least. All this house work could have waited as far as I was concerned. I went back to my tasks and when it became time, I left without saying goodbye.

I drove home and I went directly to my bedroom. My Mom asked me if I was going to eat but I told her I wasn't hungry. I was hungry alright but not for food. A few hours had passed and I was finally cooling down. My phone went off. It was Jessica asking me if I could drive back out to her place. What could I do? I wasn't going back to the restaurant. I drove to her house and I knocked on the door. Jessica answered and let me in.

"I know you are mad and I want to explain," she said.

She said this was all her fault. She had all these pent up feelings and emotions and she lost control of herself. She said she found me attractive but we shouldn't do that again. She said that she had to be twice my age and we came from different places and were different people. I just looked at her like she was mad. I wasn't about to be her boy toy. I said that she had me drive all the way out to her house just to tell me that.

I knew that this was all nonsense. I could see it in her eyes that she was trying to convince herself that having sex had been a mistake. I wasn't buying any of it. Jessica had her bathrobe on and I reached out and untied it.

"Please Rick, don't." She pleaded.

I pulled the robe away. Jessica had a pair of panties on and I ripped them off of her body. They literally shredded in my hands and Jessica had this look of horror on her face. I wasn't going to accept anymore of this bullshit. I pulled my clothes off and I moved Jessica over to the dining room table. I pushed her onto her back. I can tell you that being pissed like that had made me hard. I took hold of her ankles and I raised her legs up.

Jessica had this look of disbelief on her face.

"Oh my God!" She let out.

I was going to have Jessica on my own terms. I got my mushroom positioned at her wet gash and I entered her. I didn't wait for a response. I drove my prick all the way into her belly. I took Jessica hard there on the table. You should have heard her crying out as I pushed every inch of my thick cock inside her. I knew she was getting into it. She couldn't fool me.

"Right there Rick, fuck me just like that!"

I must have been hitting just the right spot. Jessica's pussy had me in a vise like grip. She needed my cock and I was going to give it to her. I was pulling out and then thrusting all the way in. Jessica was panting hard.

"You wanted my cock again Jessica, don't deny it."

"Yes, yes, please don't pull out Rick," she cried out.

I looked down and watched as her big melons were dancing all over her chest. I was going to give her a fucking she would not soon forget. I took Jessica there on the dining table. I didn't think I had much left in me after this afternoon's sex session. I surprised myself. I sent loads of my man cream into her body. Jessica came herself and more than once. I kept pushing into her spent pussy until I was empty. 

When I pulled out my dick was coated in our love juices. Jessica didn't move for the longest time. She was just breathing heavily. 

"I guess I deserved that. I can't believe you made me orgasm all those times."

That was the beginning of our relationship together. Jessica no longer brought up the age difference or anything else. It was like we were working as a team to get the house up to specs. One thing that happened was that I was spending more and more time at Jessica's house. We would work during the day and then fuck during the night. I soon moved out of my parent's house and in with Jessica.

One night after we finished having sex, Jessica asked me a question.

"What do you think about me getting off my birth control pills?"

I asked her if she wanted to get pregnant by me. She said it had crossed her mind. I told her that yes, I wanted her to have my baby. She told me that it was good because she quit taking the pills two days earlier. It looks like everything has worked out for me. I am no long a hired hand and Jessica shares her money with me. I can tell you that the lovemaking has gotten more intense. I can't wait for the day that Jessica tells me she has missed her period.