 By rutger5 (An Original story - Copyrighted)

This story is being entered in the Lit Winter Holidays Contest 2017 So if you like it don't forget to vote and to check out the other contest stories and have a great Christmas and/or other holidays.

It all happened because of my wife. Don't get me wrong I'm not really blaming her, but without her it never would have happened. Well let me start at the beginning. My wife and I had gone to high school together and though we hadn't dated we were part of the same crowd. It was after we graduated that we started spending time together and six months later we were married after she became pregnant with our first child.

Twenty three years and three children later (with our last one out of the house) we decided to make some lifestyle changes. Our youngest was in college out west when he met the 'One' and asked us to ship all his things out there. Now it was just the two of us in our too large and too empty house. We sold at the right time, just before the bubble burst luckily enough for us, and bought a smaller, older house at a good price. It needed work but since I'm a carpenter by trade I was able to do most of the work myself which saved us a lot of money. Plus we paid for it with the proceeds of our last house so we had no mortgage to worry about.

Carol had been working part time for years by this time and she continued to do so to keep from becoming bored but she usually worked only three days a week leaving her with plenty of spare time. Because she was home a lot she got to know many of our new neighbors. My contact was usually restricted to weekends when I would be doing yard work or in passing when coming or going in the morning or evening. She on the other hand saw the neighbors more and a few of the neighborhood gossips would keep her filled in on the various goings on of the block.

Because of that we knew whose kids misbehaved and who drank too much or whose marriage was allegedly on the rocks. There was certainly trouble in paradise four houses down from us and it was so obvious that even I could tell. When we moved in two years earlier we would see the couple pushing their little girl in her stroller. We would say hello in passing but they kept to themselves for the most part. Then the fights started or maybe just became worse so that everyone on the block could hear.

One evening my wife told me that the police were there during the daytime and though nobody was arrested she saw the husband leave with a hastily packed bag. Soon the reports came through the grapevine that they were getting divorced. Sometimes in the morning when I was leaving I would see the woman taking her daughter to school and she was usually dressed in those medical type scrubs. She would always say hello as she passed and seemed much more outgoing as if a dark cloud had lifted from her head.

Of course with my wife being home a lot she saw her more frequently than I did and they soon became friendly. On a couple of occasions Carol watched the little girl, who was named Elizabeth, when her mother Anna had no one else to watch her. Since we had an empty nest my wife was eager to mother someone and little Liz fit the bill perfectly. She was an adorable child who loved Carol and would run up and hug her every time she saw her.

On the other hand I was always glad to see her mother. Anna was a thick, curvy Latina with long, curly brown hair that reached almost to her waist and she had flashing black eyes. Since her husband had moved out she wore clothing that showed her figure off more when she wasn't wearing scrubs for her job as a nurse's aide. Maybe as a married man I shouldn't have noticed her phat butt and large round breasts but I never saw the harm in looking though I know that many women, including Carol, might not agree. But I was married not dead and since I'd gotten married I had never cheated or even attempted to put myself in a situation where I'd be tempted to. There was nothing wrong with noticing an attractive woman; they are the most beautiful of God's creations in my mind. And to be honest when I looked Anna's way she would invariably smile at me and often would seem to exaggerate the sway of her hips and ass as she passed.

No doubt as a woman going through a divorce she welcomed anything that made her feel attractive and desirable was the way I saw it. Besides I never flirted with her or did anything inappropriate in any way, it was just eye candy. Maybe if my wife and I were having relations more often it wouldn't have happened the way it did. Maybe I'm just rationalizing now. To be truthful our sex life had gone downhill since the last of our kids was born, three babies in five years can do that to a marriage. But even after they all were in school and we had more time Carol seemed happy with our once a week lovemaking.

I wanted more for I was still in my mid-twenties when our last was born but I learned to cope with less. As the years went by I'd have gladly returned to once a week as our sessions became less frequent and just as bad was there was no variety. Every position but standard missionary caused her some pain or discomfort to some part of her body she said and blowjobs didn't happen except on a few rare occasions where she was drunk and playful or on my birthday. Even that was now years in the past and though I remained fit and in shape with a still healthy libido masturbation became my main sexual outlet.

I had my workshop in the basement for my woodworking and other projects and I usually kept my laptop there. When I couldn't take it anymore I would go to the internet and read stories or watch a video while I brought myself some solitary relief. It was far from a perfect situation but it was what it was and I dealt with it. That is until that fateful holiday season.

A couple of years back I'd made some wooden reindeer figures to decorate the yard during the Yule time season and once December rolled around I'd put them out and string lights up on the house. Ever since I was a kid I loved this time of the year so I would go all out decorating the property and the fact that it helped to keep me occupied was a plus. Once I was finished I had one of the best decorated houses in the neighborhood and the local kids would ooh and aah. Anyway one evening during dinner Carol started telling me how poor little Liz loved our decorations but since her father had moved out there was no one to decorate the outside of her house.

"You know John this is a chance to help a young girl have something to believe in," she told me. "You have some free time on Saturday and Anna has all the lights. She just needs someone to hang them and I told her you'd be glad to and she was beside herself with joy when she heard. I hope you don't mind."

"It would have been nice to mention it to me first since I'll be the one doing it," I replied.

"Well you don't have to, you know. I didn't think you'd have a problem doing it but I can come up with an excuse if you want."

"No I guess I can do it. Saturday is free. Just wish I was asked is all."

Well Saturday rolled around and it was sunny but windy and very cold as befitted a mid December morning. While I sat sipping my second cup of coffee after breakfast Carol busied herself getting ready to head out for a day of Christmas shopping. She kissed me goodbye on the cheek and headed for the door. She turned right before she left and spoke to me.

"I'll be back in time for dinner John. Anna said anytime after ten is fine to start. Be careful and I'll see you later."

"Good bye dear and don't spend all our money," I told her with a grin.

She just huffed and closed the door behind her as I chuckled. In fifteen minutes I had on my Carhartt jacket and Mechanix gloves and I was in my backyard getting my extension ladder. Five minutes later at ten after ten I was ringing Anna's doorbell. After two minutes and no answer I rang again and this time I thought I heard something approaching. The door opened and Anna stood there in a red robe.

"Good morning John," she said with a big smile, "sorry I left you so long on the doorstep but I just got out of the shower. Why don't you come in and I'll show you where the decorations are."

Since I was speechless I just nodded in reply. Anna wasn't wearing a thick terrycloth robe like I do when I shower but a silky looking number that barely reached mid-thigh and also revealed a generous amount of her full bosom. She just turned sideways so I had to squeeze past her to enter the foyer. As I did I could smell the mingled scents of berry and soap emanating from her and it was marvelous. Once I moved past she closed the door behind us and motioned me forward into the living room.

"I really want to thank you for this John and I can't imagine how I can properly show you my gratitude. Before you start would you like coffee or something to eat?"

"No thanks, I just had breakfast and coffee a little while ago," I replied but I did wish to taste her the way she looked and smelled though I forced that thought from my mind.

"It's so cold out there today, I really feel bad for you but Elizabeth will be so surprised and happy. The decorations are in the basement so follow me."

The living room was already decorated and I caught a glimpse of a tree from the corner of my eye as we passed through but I admit it was hard to tear my gaze away from her big ass as it swayed in front of me. The entrance to the basement was located in her snug and warm kitchen and soon we were standing down there.

"The stuff is over here somewhere," Anna said as she led the way to some shelves along a wall.

When she bent over and started rummaging around I almost lost it. Her red robe rode up revealing her thick legs and stopping just before I could see her ass. In fact once she found what she had been looking for Anna turned her head back towards me and smiled when she saw where my eyes were looking.

"Do you mind lending me a hand - with the lights I mean," Anna said with a smirk on her pretty face.

I crouched down next to her and we were so close our bodies almost touched. Her scent was now intoxicating me and I felt the blood start to flow to where I hoped it wouldn't but I understood why it did. My hand brushed hers as I took the boxes of icicle lights from her causing me to shudder with repressed desire. Quickly I stood to try and put some distance between us but Anna rose right after me and in fact she steadied herself by holding onto my arm as she did.

We were facing each other and the only thing that saved me from immediate trouble was the fact that I had half a foot of height on her. If Anna was taller I think I might have kissed her but instead I turned and moved away. As I did my arm grazed her full breast and even though it was covered it felt soft and yielding to me. Quickly I put some space between us by heading to the stairs and putting the boxes down on them. Anna had followed close behind me and was standing a foot away.

"Anna, do you have some heavy duty extension cords? Also where do I plug them in?" I asked trying to remain focused on the job at hand.

"Yes I have some extension cords. The orange kind for outdoors, right?" Anna asked to which I just nodded in response. "And you want to plug something in as well," she said and as she did Anna leaned in a little giving me an even better view of the top half of her full breasts.

My eyes were drawn there like a moth to a flame. Even though I realized that I was staring I didn't stop. Anna had to know what she was doing so if she wanted me to look then I certainly had no problem doing so.

"Yes Anna, do you have an outdoor electric outlet?"

She furrowed her brow as if she was thinking before she answered.

"I think there's one under the front porch, I never really worried about those things before."

"All right, I'll check and if not we'll have to come up with something," I told her.

"Ooh, come up with something. I like the sound of that," Anna replied saucily, turning my innocent question into an innuendo and causing me to hurry up the stairs before I could reply in kind and get myself in real trouble. Without waiting for her I headed straight outdoors and got to work. First I checked to confirm that there was a GFCI outlet, and then I set up my ladder.

For the next hour and a quarter I hung the lights from the gutters of the first floor roof. After plugging them in and making sure everything worked I saw that there were still a lot of lights left over so I rang the bell. Surprisingly when Anna answered the door she was still wearing the robe even with all the time that had elapsed.

"Oh, those other lights we used on the front gutter above the second floor. You don't have to hang them if you don't want to," she said with an almost pleading expression on her face after I inquired about the extra lights.

"No problem Anna. Since I've come this far I'll finish. I won't be able to use my ladder to reach there though."

"My ex used to just stand on the lower roof when he put them up John."

"Okay, I guess I can get to the lower roof with my ladder and then hang them," I told her.

"Don't be silly John. It would be much easier and safer to just climb out the front window then to climb up and down the ladder."

Reluctantly I had to agree with her logic. It wasn't that I wished to take the more difficult path but rather I wanted to avoid going into Anna's house again. I might not be a genius when it came to the opposite sex but even I could see her intentions weren't entirely innocent. The fact that she still wasn't dressed made me suspect she was hoping I would try something with her. I had no intention of doing that but she must have hoped I would.

Again I followed her swaying hips and butt, but this time up the stairs. I held back a step so as not to be too close behind which unfortunately caused her to be at a perfect angle for me to see underneath the bottom of her robe. My eyes caught a glimpse of her fat ass cheeks as well as a flash of her pink before I adjusted my vision to my feet to avoid further temptation.

Anna led me into the front bedroom which just happened to be hers. It was stylishly furnished from what I could see with the walls painted a cream color with matching drapes and the furniture a light shade of wood. The bed looked to be at least queen sized with the luxurious bedding rumpled and in disarray. There were two windows which opened out on the roof and I wasted no time in opening the one adjacent to the foot of the bed and climbing to the roof. Closing the sash first I started immediately hanging the lights and before long I was over half done. It was when I reached by the second window that trouble found me and grabbed hold tightly.

While attaching the lights my eyes happened to glance at the window before me. The fact that I didn't drop the lights or even worse fall was almost a miracle. There were heavy drapes over the window but they were parted somewhat allowing me to see inside. Anna lay on the bed with her head resting on a pillow and a wanton expression on her face. But it was the fact that her robe was wide open and her hands were busy stroking herself that shocked me.

One hand was squeezing and pinching a nipple that topped her large breast while the other was buried between her parted legs playing with her pussy. I'm not sure how long I stood there unmoving, staring entranced at the vision of my lovely Latina neighbor pleasuring herself but I did feel my blood flowing to my quickly hardening cock. Suddenly I realized that she was now staring back at me and once our eyes met Anna licked her red lips suggestively while her hands continued their movements.

Every nerve in my body screamed to rush inside and take her with no mercy while my brain attempted to reassert control. With a supreme effort I tore my eyes away from Anna and resumed work. Within a few minutes I finished hanging the lights and if they weren't hung as well as the earlier ones who could blame me. My erection hadn't shrunk, in fact it felt harder than ever but I steeled myself to return inside and get away from my sexy neighbor as fast as possible. After plugging the end of the string to an extension cord I opened the window and went in feet first.

As I stood I saw that Anna was standing waiting for me and her robe remained open with one of her hands still playing with her large, full breast. Before I had time to move her free hand reached out and grabbed the prominent bulge in my pants, squeezing it gently and driving me crazy with desire.

"Anna..." I began but she moved her hand from her breast to my mouth and I could taste and smell her juices on it as her finger pressed to my lips.

"Shhh John, don't talk. Now isn't the time for that. Now is the time for action."

While she said that her hand continued working its magic on me, in fact she managed to get my fly open and slip her small hand inside my pants. She took her hand from my mouth and with it took my gloved hand and brought it to her full breast. I grabbed her and Anna gasped from the rough material rubbing her soft skin but once I pinched her nipple between thumb and forefinger she moaned with pleasure.

Leaning down my mouth took her other nipple inside where my teeth nipped it. Her hand now held me firmly to her bosom where I suckled eagerly on her erect nipple. By now Anna had managed to remove my erection through my underwear and her fingers were stroking it softly. It felt like heaven as she pumped it from the base up to my sensitive head when without warning she pulled free of me and sank her body down.

Holding it by the shaft she stretched her little pink tongue out and flicked my swollen head. A groan escaped my mouth causing her to look up with a wide smile before she parted her lips and swallowed me. Her warm mouth felt like heaven as she bobbed up and down my shaft, taking around half my erection before pulling back only to slide down again. Her wet tongue licked the sensitive underside below my head and as Anna did all this she kept her dark eyes firmly locked on mine.

First I pulled my gloves off and dropped them to the floor where they were soon joined by my jacket and shirt leaving me bare chested. Meanwhile Anna was taking me deeper into her mouth with my swollen head reaching the entrance to her throat with each movement of her head. My hand found her curly dark hair which I grasped between my fingers. I leaned sideways so my other hand could reach her nipple and once I did I twisted it gently. Anna moaned while keeping me buried in her mouth but I knew if this kept up I'd be shooting before I wanted to.

Reluctantly I brought my hips backwards while I held Anna in place with her hair until with a pop my cock was free. She seemed disappointed as my erection no longer filled her mouth and attempted to take it between her lips again but I stopped her with a word.

"No Anna, I'll cum if you start again. First I want to taste your sweet pussy," I told her in a firm voice.

She smiled when she heard that and I helped her stand only to push her backwards onto the bed once she was up. My hand grabbed her leg and I dragged her compliant body into the position I desired of her. Anna was sprawled on her back across the bed in a diagonal position relative to the mattress. One of her thick legs was on the bed while the other dangled down from it. Crouching down I leaned forward so that my face was inches from her wet pink slit.

It appeared that Anna didn't shave or wax but her full bush was trimmed so that the hairs were very short. I exhaled my warm breath so that it tickled her as it passed over and caressed her pussy lips causing her to tremble from lust. First I kissed her inner thigh from just above her knee and worked my way to just below her kitty before I switched to her other leg. By this time Anna was squirming but I continued to tease her by now running my tongue down the silky skin of her thigh. By the time I had worked my tongue up her other limb Anna was at her breaking point.
