 Steve came awake slowly. Even though he was only 18, his back was still sore from sleeping on the floor. His friends sleeping bag rustled as he climbed out. Steve and Adam had been out the night before, the last night before Adam's return to university, and ended up crashing on the floor of Adam's living room. Adam went up the stairs to get showered, and Steve lay back, looking up at the ceiling, feeling the slight throbbing from his hangover. He heard movement on the stairs, and turned to see Adam's mother, Gillian, come down the stairs, wrapped in a fluffy dressing gown. He felt a familiar stirring in his underwear, one he felt whenever he saw Gillian. He remembered it starting after the first time he had seen her in a bikini. Although she was in her fourties, her body was still firm, with only the slightest hint of roundness to her stomach, and firmness still evident in her breasts and buttocks. She flashed her warm, full lipped smile, her curly brown hair hanging down to her shoulders.

"Morning Steve. Would you like something to eat?" she asked, her voice smooth. Steve heard the sound of the shower running in the bathroom. He stretched, exposing his toned, rugby players chest to Gillian.

"Yes please. I'll eat anything." he caught a glimpse of Gillians leg as her gown swayed as she walked nearer. 

She suddenly stepped over Steve, pulling her dressing gown up to her hips. Steve stared in amazement at the exposed, hairless crotch, pink labia puffy, a hint of moisture evident.

"Don't say a word. Just enjoy your breakfast." Gillian whispered, swiftly squatting over Steve's stunned face. He breathed in deeply, smelling the sweet aroma of Gillian. He felt his now full erection throb as her labia brushed his mouth, leaving a trace of her flavour on his lips. He tentatively poked out his tongue, and Gillian slightly rocked her hips, running herself over the tip of his tongue. Her taste was stronger straight from her depths, and Steve wanted more. His hands lifted, curling over her thighs, pulling her down onto his mouth. She stood quickly just before he took his first sweet mouthful, dropping her gown, straightening it. He heard the bathroom door open and close, and realised Adam was coming back. Licking the traces of Gillian's nectar from his lips, he rolled onto his front. Although uncomfortable, it disguised his raging erection, giving it a chance to subside. Adam told him that the bathroom was free. 

After showering, Steve had a proper breakfast, sitting at the small kitchen table with Adam and his mother. He watched her lick some butter from her finger after it dripped from her toast. He imagined her pink tongue lapping at his stiff shaft, and had to fight hard to prevent another trouser tearing erection. After breakfast he returned home. He lounged around most of the morning, recovering from his hangover. In the early afternoon, his mobile phone beeped. He read the text message.

CAN YOU COME AROUND? SOMETHING URGENTS COME UP. A

Wondering what the problem was, Steve walked the short distance to Adam's house. He couldn't work out what had stopped his friend from going back to university. He rang the doorbell, and waited while someone came to answer it. The door swung open, framing Gillian, her curly hair tied up on top of her head, her slender body sheathed in a loose, ankle length sleeveless dress.

"Come in Steve. Would you like a drink?" she asked, her voice smooth and smoky.

"No thanks. Is Adam here? He said there was something urgent." Gillian smiled slightly, her full lips tilting up at the corners.

"I have a confession to make. That was me." she sat on the couch.

"Why?" he asked, feeling his groin stir as he guessed at the answer.

"You didn't finish your breakfast." Gillian whispered huskily, slowly spreading her legs, pulling up her dress as she slid lower on the couch. Steve's heart hammered in his chest as his erection bulged uncomfortably in his jeans. She exposed her underwear to him, a pair of sheer white tie side panties. Looking deep into his eyes, Gillian untied her panties, slowly lowering the now loose front.

"Tuck in." she said, smiling widely. 

Steve knelt between her spread thighs, stroking his hands along her skin. He placed a light kiss on her inner thigh, tasting her tanned skin. Gillian's fingers brushed through Steve's dark hair, slowly pulling his face deeper between her open legs. Again he smelt that sweet scent of her sex. His eyes were fixated on pink labia, glistening wetly. He paused. Here he was, within inches of what he had fantasized about for nearly a year. He extended his tongue, and slowly lapped along the length of her lips. Gillian moaned throatily as he felt her nectar coat his tongue. Steve had only slept with a couple of women, and hoped that he was catering to this experienced woman's needs. He licked along her several more times, before probing the tip of his tongue into her. As he licked, he felt Gillian's clitoris harden against his top lip. He pulled back to examine her. He slipped the hood back gently with a fingertip, eliciting a moan from Gillian. Her clitoris was engorged, and large. His fingertip rested against the tip, and he moved it in slow circles, her wetness lubricating his finger. She groaned loudly as he manipulated her clitoris, now swapping his finger for his tongue, letting his fingers drift lower, teasing her lips apart. He reached down, unzipping his jeans to release the pressure on his hard shaft. His fingers slid inside Gillian, and he felt her foot massage his crotch through his underwear.

"Mmmm let me see that." she said, curling her toes around his swollen head. He dragged himself away from worshipping her sweet pinkness, and stood. 

Gillian leant forward, impatiently tugging down his jeans and underwear. 

"Well, well." she said smokily, he bright smile flashing as his erection sprang free. He knew he was only about average length, but the shaft and head were both quite thick. He moaned involuntarily as Gillian's fingers closed around his shaft, her hot breath gusting over his head as she pulled back his foreskin completely. Looking up, she pulled the pin from her curly, chestnut brown hair, letting it cascade over her face. Fixing his gaze with her own, Gillian placed a soft kiss on the soft yet firm head, slick with precum. Her lips parted slightly, letting just the tip into her mouth. Steve's breath came ragged as he felt the warmth of her mouth, and the soft ministrations of the tip of her tongue. She sat back again, small trails of spit and precum connecting his erection with her full lower lip. Steve pulled off his tshirt too, and stood in front of the slender forty-something.

"Well?" she asked as he stood looking at her, his erection twitching slightly as he looked at her, legs spread, shaven crotch gleaming with her arousal.

"Are you going to use this on me?" Gillian said, bringing her feet up to close around his shaft. He felt the smoothness of her polished toenails running lightly over the underside of his hanging balls. 

Taking hold of Gillian's slim ankles, Steve lifted her legs back, folding them so that her thighs were pushed to her stomach, knees bent. She wriggled lower on the couch as he knelt, both of them getting into comfortable positions. He pressed his hips forward, nestling the head of his erection in her warm folds. Gillian murmured delightedly as he slowly drove his thick shaft into her until his balls rested on her firm buttocks. He began to move slowly, stretching her with every thrust. He felt the material of her dress against his stomach as he lent forward, giving further depth to his thrusts. Gillian's moaning grew louder, and Steve thrust faster, holding her curving hips. Her hands roughly gripped her breasts through her dress, then hooked over his shoulders, nails clawing his skin. Her moans became interspersed with whimpers and gasps, inspiring him to greater heights of lust. Steve had always enjoyed the vocalisations of women, hearing their enjoyment. He felt Gillian's inner muscles flex and clench, milking him. He fought to delay his orgasm, desperate to unleash his lovers own tidal wave of ecstatic release. 

He pulled his shaft from her and lay it along the length of her labia, and began to brush the underside of his thick erection over her large clitoris. Her body jolted with every pass, white teeth clamping on her full lower lip. Steve reached up to her mouth, putting his finger across her lips, letting her bite on it. Her teeth closed down as he ground against her, occasionally releasing their grip to let out a whimpered groan. As Gillian's twitches and jolts grew more pronounced, he slipped easily back inside, feeling the ridge of his head being gripped by her. He thrust into her again, feeling her hips buck up against him in response. He couldn't last any longer, and felt his balls lift. His shaft and head swelled enormously, unleashing a torrent of thick cum deep inside his friends mother. He grunted and groaned, hips bucking as he orgasmed powerfully. As his climax subsided, he felt Gillian's inner muscles grip tightly. He saw her cheeks and neck flush red, her back arching up from the couch. She screamed loudly, and he felt a flood of warmth and fluid wash over his shaft and balls. Gillian's slim body shook hard as she came, whimpering and groaning. Steve held her hips to stop her sliding from the couch. Eventually, she relaxed under his grip, and he stood back, his softening member gleaming with his cum and her nectar. She beckoned him down, and pulled him into a hungry kiss. Steve responded, their tongues twisting wildly until she pulled back.

"You are going to have to have breakfast here more often" she murmured, eyes gleaming.