 Part 3

I was more stressed out today than I had been all the days before not because of the job but because Jason was leaving and I still hadn't gotten what I really wanted. If I did get into his pants I was sure I'd want more and I wasn't sure that was in the cards but I'd take what I could get. I was still trying to think of a plan to get those nicely pressed slacks of his into a dirty heap on the floor. I couldn't come up with a sure fire way. How would I make sure we wouldn't be interrupted again? I decided he'd been in charge so far maybe I'd try and do as he said and relax. Yeah right, I'd try but the control freak in me wouldn't stop trying to figure out a way to take over so she got what she wanted. I headed off to work I with a wet and excited cunt and tight and anxious everywhere else. Jason was already waiting for me in my office.

"I need to get on the road by noon if I want to get home at a decent hour. You're pretty much all set."

He'd just burst my bubble. Trying to keep the disappointment out of my voice I said, "I think I have it under control. I know your number if I ran into trouble, so why don't you just hit the road now?"

"Because we still have one thing to take care of," he shut the office door locked it then pulled up against his hard body. 

"Are you sure this is a good idea? It's early in the day what if a problem comes up. Maybe you should just head out."

"Oh a problem's come up alright," He said while pushing his huge erection into my stomach, "I told the girls that you had to take a test before I left so they need to handle any problems until you're done."

I undid his slacks, instead of running my hands down the front I decided to tease us both. I put my hands under the waistband and ran them around to squeeze his tight little ass, pulling him even tighter against me. We both moaned then I remembered where we were and shushed him pushing him back into the chair.

I slid my hands up under my skirt and removed my panties without showing him anything more than a little knee. I dropped them on top of the desk then knelt before him. I ran my hands up his legs skimming his erection lightly, pulling down his pants and underwear when he lifted up his ass. His erection was so long and thick I was worried it wouldn't fit in my little hole. It laid against his nice blue dress shirt, leaving a bit of precum on it. I removed his shirts not wanting to get any more evidence of what we were doing on his nice clothes. Well that and I wanted to touch as much skin as possible.

"I've imagined what you would look like naked so many times and this is sooooo much better." I said while rubbing my hands from his well toned pecs to his strong shoulders and down to his tight biceps the back again. I purposely ignored his cock, leaning over barely touching it with my still clothed breasts. Licking and sucking his little taunt nipples I moved my hands up his neck and ran my fingers threw his soft hair. I sighed into his chest.

"Enough teasing," He hissed. Pulling me up against him, he leaned down to capture my lips in a searing kiss. He shoved his tongue right past my lips which had opened when I gasped from the force of him pulling me against him, tasting me deep. 

It had been so long since someone had kissed me. I usually didn't do it with my fuck buddies because it seems so intimate and personal; something to share only with someone really special. I eagerly kissed him back feeling kind of stupid and unsure. It had been so long. Was I doing this right? Was I using too much tongue or not enough? I wasn't slobbering all over him was I?

"Would you just relax already? You're driving me crazy. Every time you tense up I just want to stop and pull you into my lap and hold you until you feel safe and reassured. Or bend you over my knee and spank you until you'd do anything to get me to stop. But we don't have time for either of those options; besides I don't think it would matter. Your worried about if your doing things right and until you do it enough to be comfortable your going to keep tensing up. God you really are a control freak." He said with a small laugh.

I decided not to question the holding or spanking I'd fantasize about that later instead I asked "How did you know that's what I was thinking?"

"You tense up the same way when you do anything new for the first time. You want it to be perfect and you're seeking approval. Now shut up and relax we need to get back to the testing. Do what comes naturally."

That he recognized I was freaking out took some of the pressure off. When he took my mouth again I straddled his knees rubbing his cock between our stomachs while sucking his tongue into my mouth. We were both breathing hard when I finally pulled away. I slide down his body until my mouth was just above his throbbing erection. I exhaled softly like he had done to me yesterday. He let out a long sigh and then I quickly licked the drop of precum from the tip causing him to suck his breath back in quickly. His whole body shuddered.

I took his thick pulsing one eyed monster into my hands and lightly rubbed up and down his silky skin while licking and suckling just the bare tip, running my tongue along the seam.

"Put it in your mouth and suck it." He barked out barely controlling his tone.

Startled and excited by his tone I immediately did as he commanded. I only got about 3" in before it touched my tonsils. It felt like my jaw was stretching to its limits. I tried licking him but my mouth was to full. As I pulled him out saliva dripped down his shaft helping my hands slide smoothly up and down. I increased the pressure, sliding my hands all the way to the top and rubbing my thumb over the pink mushroom head.

"Hannah I've waited for months for your luscious mouth to be on my cock so stick it back in your mouth and suck it."

"Months?"

"Months, now do as you were told."

I put my lips back on his cock and started to slowly move up and down only taking him into the back of my mouth on every third or fourth stroke.

"Take it deeper"

I shook my head no.

"You can do it you just need practice like anything else. Try for me."

I took a deep breath and took him to the back of my mouth again. He put his hands on my head and pushed down lightly. I tried to shake my head again but he just pushed harder. I tried to open my throat but only got a little more of him in. He pulled my head up by the hair making me grunt around his girth. His cock slid out of my mouth with a pop.

"Hannah, you can do better than that. Don't you want to please me? You've done so well all week, just relax your throat and swallow."

I leaned back over him, licking his fabulous cock from top to bottom, suckling his balls to build up my courage. I really wanted to please him but didn't want to throw up on him. How in the hell would we explain that? I licked my way back up to the tip, took a deep breath and sucked him in. I went down on him quickly trying to physic myself out. He helped by pushing my head down and I managed to gag another 2" down. He held my head there longer than I would have liked but his raspy breathing made me feel excited about it. Pulling my head up quickly I sucked in a deep breath through my nose and went right back down hoping that since I'd already done it once I would go a little further this time. I managed to get him all in. With my nose touching his stomach I started gagging and tried to pull up but his hands held me down.

In a harsh whisper he told me, "Breath through your nose and relax. God Hannah your mouth is heaven."

I began struggling trying to pull my head up. My gag reflex was making my throat squeeze his enormous cock he began panting and quickly pulled my head up.

"Enough I have other plans so I can't cum yet. I knew you could do it. With practice you'll be a pro. And you were right yesterday, everything seems so much better when some one else is doing it."

I was still gasping for air when he pulled me off my knees and unbuttoned my shirt. Unhooking my bra he began tweaking my nipples, twisting and pinching until they were a rosy red. I put my hands on the back of the chair and leaned in near his mouth moaning softly trying to convey my eagerness. He squeezed my breasts together, biting and sucking one then the other. After several minutes I was on the verge of begging for more when he let go and pulled my head down for another drowning kiss. Releasing my lips he turned me around and undid the zipper on my skirt having it at my feet in record time. My bare round cheeks were right in his face. He kissed each cheek and began fondling them. Squeezing, pinching, jiggling and weighing them in his great big palms. 

"Fabulous, God I love a big ass on a women. Something to hold and squeeze, with a good handful you couldn't go anywhere." With that said he leaned back in the chair using his thumbs to spread my cheeks apart he took a handful of ass and used it to bring me between his legs so the back of my knees were touching the seat of the chair. "See. Perfect."

I had never had a man worship my big wiggly snow white ass before. It made me even wetter and hotter. It also made me feel beautiful like I had never felt before. 

"Move your legs to the outside of mine."

I did as he asked and he took my hips lowering me down so his cock was rubbing between my soaking wet cunt lips. He pushed me forward so his cock, now glistening with my pussy juice, was snuggled in between my ass cheeks. He guided me up and down his shaft a few strokes before moaning into my back. He used his grip on my ass to push me up enough so that he could position his cock at the entrance to my dripping little hole. He took my hips and started guiding me down on to him. I gasped as his first inch stretched me wide.

"Hannah you're so tight, but your very wet just ease down slowly."

It was huge I didn't think it would fit no matter how slowly I went. I wasn't used to anything more than and 1" or so. This was defiantly not my bunny dildo. It seemed like he was stuck after just two inches.

"Jason you need to stretch me out. Use those big fingers and spread me wide."

He slid out of me. "Bend over the desk"

I did and he quickly began thrusting two fingers into me, while reaching around me and massaging my clit with his other hand.

"Yeah more, more, put another one in and fuck me hard" I said in the quietest voice I could manage. I really wanted to yell and scream and beg.

He did as I asked moving up behind me, rubbing his cock between my ass cheeks. I was starting to cum. My pussy walls were convulsing around his three big fingers. He leaned his body across my back so his head was next to my ear and whispered "Remember where you are. You have to be quiet."

"Jason I'm cumming and I'm need to scream. Oh good I need this so bad. It feels so goddamned good."

"Here put these in your mouth," He said, shoving my waded up panties in to my mouth, and then I finally had that earth shattering orgasm I'd been waiting for. I don't think I'd ever cum this hard in my life. Right in the middle of a big spasm I was trying not to scream through, Jason shoved his big pulsing cock all the way into me with one violent thrust, hitting my cervix. This time I did scream but he covered my panty stuffed mouth with his big hand muffling it for the most part. Between the orgasms I was still having and the pain and pleasure of having his monster prick stuffed all the way in me I thought I was might pass out. Jason didn't move. He just leaned his chest against my back, holding me, letting me catch my breath. When I had calmed down he moved us backwards towards the chair. His hands holding on tightly to my hips, his cock never moved even a millimeter out of me, until I was fully seated on his lap in my desk chair.

"Are you ok now?"

I could only nod and mumble around my panties that I was ok. To prove it I rose up off his lap until I felt just the tip of him still in my soaking quivering cavern before slamming back down again. I let out a deep sigh and Jason let out a moan. He grabbed my breasts pulling me back towards his chest and then clamped his mouth on the sensitive part of my neck right where it met my shoulder, letting out another long guttural moan.

"Good god, are you trying to kill me? Take it easy it's been a long time for me to and you're incredibly tight. I'd like to last at least a few minutes."

I rose up again and this time he set the pace with his hands on my hips. Eventually I found a good rhythm and he let one had roam up to my breasts and the other to my clit.

"Hannah, Hannah, Hannah. You're so hot and luscious. I want to squeeze you and rub my hands all over your body. I wish I had the time to taste every inch of you and explore all your most sensitive spots. What a body."

I was beginning to near orgasm again as much from his words as his huge cock plowing in and out of me. I began to move more quickly. Jason pinched and rolled my clit between his fingers. That's all it took I was screaming again. He had to put a hand over my mouth again. The panties could only do so much. His other hand was still rubbing my clit, slower now just helping me ride out the orgasm. I started riding his cock harder and faster. I wanted him to cum deep inside me. I was grasping him with my slick pussy walls as I rode him. I used my hands on his knees for more leverage and rode him as fast and hard as I could.

I could here his breathing escalating and feel his cock twitching. I leaned back into him again so when he needed to he could use my neck to block out his moans or maybe his own screams. He did latch on to my neck sucking and nipping in between moans and mumblings about how close he was to cumming and how hot and tight I was and how he was going to dump his load deep inside of me. He started thrusting up to meet me grunting and groaning. 

"Are you going to cum for me again, Hannah? Cum with me. I'm going to explode my hot seed into you wring it out of me. Cum one more time!" I reached for my clit I barely had to touch it because it was so engorged and tender, I exploded. This time I used my own hands to stifle my screams. I used both of them. Jason thrust hard one last time holding himself deep and let loose his own orgasm. He bit me hard on my shoulder while grunting. He never let go as he started thrusting again being sure my pussy got every last drop of his seed. The bite and the thrusting brought me to orgasm one more time.

As I came down from the high I took the panties out of my mouth. "Dear jesus, Jason that has never ever happened like that before. What the hell did you do to me? I don't think I'll ever be the same." I said in between deep gasping breaths.

"Holy shit I agree that was incredible. I don't have any idea what I did to you but I know that I thought I was going to black out there at the end," He panted then licked the bite mark on my neck. "I might have permanently marked you. I'm amazed I didn't draw blood."

"I don't think that's all you marked. I'm gonna remember this for a long long time."

His cock was now limp but still so big, with me firmly seated in his lap it couldn't just slip out of me. He turned my face to his and slowly kissed me returning all the passion and longing I'd felt for him for so long. "Thank you for this," I rasped.

"My pleasure."

"I just have one question, if you've wanted me for months why didn't you let me get you off the last 3 days?"

"I wanted you to want it so much you would lose control and not think about anything else. You know all those times I went for a smoke?"

"Yeah."

"I was going back to my room and jacking off. I swear I've used 10 bottles of hotel lotion this week."

"You should have just let me. I've wanted you for at least the last year. I was just hoping to get fantasy material out of this week. I'd say you've gone above and beyond that."

"You do know I plan to get some more use out of your hot curvy body when I come back in two weeks."

I hopped off his lap and started getting dressed. "You really need to go now though. We can't risk any more. This was bad enough."

He grabbed my wrist and pulled me back on to his lap. His semi-erect cock found a home right between my legs. "Relax I'm the boss remember. Everyone was to busy, I made sure they had plenty to do."

"But you can't be positive and I need them to respect me. Finding out I just fucked the boss won't do that." 

"Fortunately for you, you had the job before you fucked the boss. Kiss me one more time and I'll let you get back to work."

He took my mouth like it belonged to him. Which honestly it did, I didn't know how I was going to get over him but for now anything he wanted I'd give him. He let go of my mouth, pushed me up off his lap swatted my ass.

"Get to work I'm not paying you to sit around on my cock all day.

I laughed and gathered my clothes and stepped across the small room hoping if I was out of direct reach it would stop anything else from starting.

He was carefully tucking his reawakening cock into his briefs. "You know before I get on the road I'm going to finish off that last bottle of lotion."

"I wish with all my heart that I could help you but we really can't. Not to change the subject but I knew you'd wear tightie whities."

"It was that or boxers but I thought these would hold things in better incase something like this occurred." He said while pointing to his erection. "Speaking of underwear I'm going to buy you something I want you to wear next time I'm here. I'll order it when I get home. Write down your sizes then get out of here."

Jason left without saying goodbye which was probably a good thing. I got down to business. I only occasionally got side tracked while remembering what we'd done and fantasizing about what he had planned next. We talked everyday about work but neither one of us ever mentioned the past or future. I did get his package and it wasn't just one outfit it was a whole set of lingerie. Enough for a different set everyday of the week. 

Not controlling everything could be very satisfying. I can't wait until the room inspections.