 Hannah had just finished watching my orgasm, she was naked, laying next to me, and she had just heard me say I wanted more. Now what?

I've never really been sexually aggressive, though alcohol can make be a bit more adventurous. As soon as I has said I wanted more, a way of shyness came over me. I grabbed a pillow and covered my face. This made her ask me again, if I wanted more. I didn't speak, but I nodded. 

That was all the encouragement she needed. She immediately climbed over me kind of sitting on me, facing me. She began to kiss my stomach, my breasts, and pulled the pillow off my face. She kissed me. She kissed me again and again. After a few slow soft kisses, suddenly a fire was lit inside me. I kissed her back, hard. Like I hadn't ever kissed anyone before, let alone a woman.

I don't know if I can really describe how different it is to kiss a woman than a man, but for me it was so much softer and slower yet so much more arousing at the same time. I was ready to be more assertive now. 

I flipped her over, and laid on top of her now. Her hand quickly found its way down to her clit, and she was rubbing it slowly. I was kissing her neck, stroking her breasts and stomach. I wanted her to have a good orgasm like I just had. It was definitely working, she was moving her hand faster and moaning a bit. 

Then she asked me something, without stopping. She wanted to know if I had had an orgasm from someone licking me. No, I hadn't. I had men try some, and it felt ok, but it was never great. Then she asked if I would let her do it for me. 

I wanted that. Badly. But instead of saying so, I just grabbed her face and passionately kissed her. And I put my hand on top of hers, so we were rubbing her pussy together now. That was what she needed. She arched her back, she started to breath loudly, and let out a short scream. I kissed and held her as she came, and as she calmed after. 

My head was spinning, I was so turned on still. But this was my childhood friend, and she was here naked, she looked so good. Wow. And I really do want to feel her tongue on me. Maybe she knows how to do it, and really make it feel good. I found my hands wandering over her breasts, I couldn't resist. I wanted more.

She didn't make me wait a long time, thankfully. She sat up, stepped off the bed and came to the end. She motioned for me to slide towards her, and I eagerly did. My legs were mostly off the bed, which thankfully was at a great height. She got on her knees.

She started to slowly kiss one thigh, then the other, blowing, licking them, even biting slightly. As this went on, I began to grow impatient. I kept shifting back and forth, arching my hips. I wanted to feel her tongue on me, her lips. I could tell that I was dripping wet, I could feel it running down my legs. Just when I thought I couldn't take it anymore, she very slightly kissed my clit. She just barely opened her lips, and gave it a tender little kiss. Then she began circling her tongue around it, while keeping it inside her lips. At first the pressure was very light, and she would just flick with her tongue. Then she would get more intense, pushing hard on it and slowing down. She had established a rhythm, or maybe my body was setting it and she was following. 

I don't know how long this really went on. It could have been one minute, it could have been thirty. But even all these years later I remember exactly how it felt. Sometimes, when I touch myself, I still think about that moment. 

I stiffened up my body, and thrust my pussy towards her face. As my orgasm began, she licked up and down all the way, no longer just focusing on my clit. It felt amazing. I came hard, and it seemed to last forever. For the first time I can remember, I let out a little scream at the peak, then collapsed on the bed. 

She laid next to me on the bed, stroking my hair, my body, letting me come back to earth. She asked me if it can be her turn now. I smiled.