 Monday morning, the first thing Emma said was "You have been fucking, haven't you?" 

I have no idea how she knew, but I didn't try to hide it. I was dying to tell someone about it. 

We went to the museum cafe and ordered lattes and chocolate croissants. She looked beautiful and relaxed, wearing a loose cream top and dry-green leggings with high heeled boots. Her thick brown hair cascaded down her shoulders, one of which was uncovered. "Tell me all about it." She asked. "I am in dire need of a sexy story after that ghastly date on Friday."

"Why was it ghastly?" I asked, surprised. Last time I saw her, it sounded like she was about to have amazing sex.

"Well, we went to dinner at a very elegant restaurant - you know, the type of place with tiny portions and huge bathrooms. He looked super hot in his muscle shirt, and the conversation veered to sex quite soon. We started talking about experiences and preferences, and he seemed cool. I was quite turned on at this point, and he started touching my leg behind the table. I was super into it, so I let him touch me wherever he wanted... I wasn't wearing anything under my dress."

At this point, Emma's voice lowered and her head joined mine, so no one would hear us. I felt a weird mix of embarrassment and arousal. I have never had a friend confiding on me in this way before. 

"I almost had an orgasm sitting at that restaurant, with the lemon ice-cream melting in front of me. But he didn't go all the way. After dinner we went straight to his place, and that's when reality stroke."

"What do you mean?"

"It turns out that we were on different pages. It excited him to to call me a cunt and a slut as he fucked me, and to say all kind of horrid things about me. He couldn't even keep it up very well, not even with all the dirty talk.

I didn't wait for him to come. After five minutes of the worst sex I have had in a long time, I just left." Emma shrugged. "Since then I am even more frustrated than I was."

She made me tell my library story, which I did in much less detail than hers. She seemed very impressed, though.

"And I thought you were a prude!" She said, smiling. "We are going to have so much fun together! Are you free tonight?" I was.

After work, we left together and headed to the bar where her friends were hanging out. Because it was a Monday, we were pretty much the only customers. It was six of us, in total. There were three men - a couple of tall blond twins, Brad and Chuck; and a younger guy who everyone called Baby. He was quite small, with beautiful eyes and a slender frame. His dark face had exquisite, delicate features, and he spoke in a soft and mysterious accent.

There was also a third girl, very pale and slight, with hair so blond it was almost white. She was all in black, wearing leggings and a black top that showed off a spider tattooed over her back. The spider's sinuous legs wrapped around her shoulder blades and her rib cage, and its body rested delicately over her spine.

Everyone was having cocktails, and two more were ordered for Emma and I as soon as we arrived. I felt warm and fuzzy, sitting with a new group of friends in this new town. Plus, I couldn't help noticing the twins were fussing a bit too much over me. Emma was talking with the bar attender, who seemed to be a friend of them too. He had a kind face, deep voice and ginger curls. He was tall and large, two massive muscular arms and a bit of a belly. Once midnight struck, he closed the bar and sat down with us. We were all a little bit drunk - the ideal amount. Relaxed but not sleepy, and the atmosphere was very flirtatious.

The barman was teaching Emma how to mix a cocktail, amidst much laughter and tasting. I saw them transferring an ice cube between their mouths, their lips almost touching. Emma giggled and drank some blue and orange potion, as the barman's hand was slowly going down her spine towards her voluptious arse.

Meanwhile, the blonde girl and Baby started seriously making out. They seem to have forgotten that they weren't alone, as her hands caressed his crotch and his hands squeezed her breasts and touched her inner thighs.

"Don't mind them" Chuck said, feeling my uneasiness. "They have been in heat the whole week."

"They've been together for a whole year, and are still on the honeymoom phase." Brad added, smiling knowingly. "We don't mind. We are all good friends, we're used to see this."

"Really?" I asked, very surprised and also very horny. The girl's milky white boob had just popped out, and Baby was licking her pearly pink nipple. She moaned softly, but just loud enough to be heard, even with the music.

She seemed to be having such a good time. He slid his dark, slim hand inside her leggings, and her hips started moving slowly. I felt my own pussy heavy with moist, almost achy. I looked away, embarrassed, but no one seemed to notice my arousal. Emma and the barman were now making out behind the bar, and the twins got up to get some more beers from the kitchen.

Left alone, I looked at the horny couple again. I could see Baby's long cock under his skinny jeans, as his hand moved faster and faster under the girl's leggins. I crossed my legs and squeezed my thighs, longing for some relief. How I wished it was my pussy being stroked, and my own pink nipples being sucked. Her face was contorted in ecstasy, and I felt sure she was close to orgasm.

The twins arrived with a fresh drink for me too. "Wow, we just left for five minutes, and this place turned into an orgy!" I followed his stare and I could just make out what was happening. In the darker part of the room, I saw Emma leaning on the counter, the barman's chest pressed against her back, his hands under her loose cream top. I couldn't see anything below their waist, since they were behind the counter, but I could see their subtle, rythmic movements, and her expression of pleasure as he kissed her ear and neck. Were they really having sex behind the counter? In front of all of us?

"That's us three left, then!" Brad said, stretching his arms. "Do you have a boyfriend, Hannah?"

I said I didn't, but I thought of my lovely time the day before. "Perhaps I will, soon." I added.

"Well, if that's so, shall we have some fun before you get a boyfriend?" Chuck asked. Brad stretched his arm behind me, non chalantly, as he drank from the bottle.

I felt nervous, but so aroused. They were both very good looking, and Chuck's breath on my naked shoulder made me shudder with pleasure. Brad started moving his fingers along my leg, in slow, deliberate motions, and Chuck's lips touched my shoulder lightly, and moved up my bare neck.

I looked away, deciding what to do. Baby's girl had lost her trousers and her milky white legs were wrapped around his brown slender body. He had his top off and I could see the defined muscles on his back move under his silky skin. He moved his hips in slow, deliberate movements, and each thrust caused her to close her eyes in ecstasy. 

I squeezed my legs again, shivering at the touch of Chuck's lips, that had found their way to my own trembling mouth. Brad's hand had moved up my legs, and my pussy ached for his touch. However, the memory of the day before made me stop them.

I got up from my seat, and looked at the twins with a twinge of regret.

"Sorry, guys." I said, avoiding their disappointed look. "I have to go."

I left the pub quickly and took my phone out of my bag. My library lover had left his phone number before leaving me. "Haruto", he had written on my contact list.

I texted him without thinking. "Meet me at my place in 10. Please."

He hadn't replied when I got home. I took out my clothes and entered the shower, wondering if he had seen it at all. My whole body was aching for Haruto, and Haruto only. I knew no one else who could quench my thirst for pleasure, I longed for his subtle smell, for his precise touch. As the hot water run through my hungry body, I felt my desire grow wildly. I used bath gel on my boobs, my belly, my legs, moaning with pleasure and desire, but avoiding touching my pussy, just in case he would still come. But it was too much. I was too turned on by the night's events, I couldn't take it any longer. My pussy was dripping heavily, longing to be touched. Squeezing my legs was more torture than relief.

I was just about to fall into temptation and touch my swollen labia when the bell rung. I almost lost balance, such was my surprise and delight. I threw my thin dressing gown over my shoulders, not even bothering with drying myself. The thin cotton hold to my wet skin, but I didn't care, and that's how he saw me as I opened the door.

He must have been surprised to see me like that, dripping water and half naked, but if he wasn't he didn't show it. As soon as he entered, my beautiful Japanese god hold me in his strong arms, and I kissed him hungry kisses, my mouth desperate for him. "I am so, so glad I didn't stay at that pub..." was my last thought before I lost myself in the purest feeling of pleasure. We took his clothes off as we kissed, because we couldn't stop ourselves. A shiver of pleasure went down my spine as I saw his statuesque body again, as I felt it against mine. He didn't rush things, though.

He caressed every bit of my body , and each time he touched me, it felt like fire. He kissed and nibbled my boobies, my belly, my back, the inside of my legs. I was half mad with desire, and my lips uttered "Please..." without me even noticing it. Slowly, softly, his hands massaged my whole body, except for my dripping vulva. I opened my legs wide and offered it to him. His strong, slim fingers traced a heavenly route from my thighs to my vulva, and I thought I'd faint as soon as he touched there. 

It was the most amazing massage I ever had, his fingers dripping with my juices, moving with such assurance that it was as if he was feeling what I felt. I was just about to orgasm when he stopped. I looked at him as he put on the condom on his beautiful cock, his hands shaking just a little bit. I, too, was shaking, and when he finally entered me, I felt like I had never felt in my whole life. We moved slowly to start with, to make it last, but we were so aroused that the pacing got faster very soon. He could master himself, however - once again, he stopped just before my orgasm, and started moving slowly again.

When we finally came, it was at the same time, and it was glorious. We both moaned loudly as the pure pleasure took our souls, and for that instant, we were really one person only.

The last thought I had, before falling asleep on his arms, was "I never want to let you go..."