 This is not just a holiday story but rather a tale of two newlyweds, Rachel and Geoffrey, who have begun a new holiday tradition on this, their first Hanukkah together. In the spirit of the holiday they are exchanging eight sexy gifts, one on each of the eight nights. You don't need to be Jewish to appreciate the story. Neither must you have read the other parts of the series but you might appreciate it more if you have. Enjoy! 

"More, please," he asked with a persuasive grin.

"Don't be so impatient!" I chided, half joking.

"This is really good, Rachel. Much better than my mom." I leaned over and kissed him. He really did know how to charm me.

Pulling the last few potato pancakes from the skillet, I placed them carefully on cut brown paper bags to absorb the grease before serving them up to my loving husband. We were both in wonderful spirits but there was a touch of sadness to the evening. We both knew this was the last night of the holiday and also the last night of our new holiday tradition.

The candles burned on the counter with a bright glow while dripping multicolored wax down the simple menorah. We laughed and reminisced over the last seven nights of the holiday and we joked that we'd set such high standards this year that next year we'd have a hard time outdoing ourselves.

"Although it will be nice to get some rest tomorrow night," he said with a chuckle. I had to agree. We'd set an impossible pace for this holiday, up for hours every night, taking each other in every possible way. Certainly I wasn't complaining though. I don't remember when I'd ever been so happy and Geoffrey seemed to sport a perpetual grin of late.

After dinner we cleaned up quickly. I was very anxious to get my last sexy holiday present, and Geoffrey knew it. He made a big production of tidying up the last of the presents we'd opened earlier, as though to make me even more eager. I sat as patiently as I could on the edge of the couch while my mind raced. We'd shared so much this week already, I thought. What could possibly be next?

"Ready, Rach?" he asked rhetorically, his eyes twinkling mischievously. 

Ready? This entire holiday it seemed as though I was ready all the time. My pussy tingled and I felt a familiar quiver deep in my belly as I tried to imagine what tonight would hold in store for me.

Geoffrey disappeared around the corner to get my present and I closed my eyes, musing over the past week. Soon enough he came around the corner, holding two small but lavishly decorated boxes. Plopping down on the couch next to me, he handed me the presents. He wrapped his arm around me and watched expectantly. His nervous excitement promised that this would be a special present indeed. Both boxes were roughly the same size but one was quite heavy and the other very light. Neither seemed to rattle as I shook them each in turn next to my ears.

I chose the lighter present first, eagerly pulling the oversized bow loose. Inside the box were beautiful folded silk scarves, all of different amazing colors. I pulled each from the box as though part of a magic show, noting that they were all very long. One after the other, I pulled out five of them in a stream, expecting there to be some sort of explanation at the bottom of the box. The colorful silk was piled in my lap and no explanation was evident in the empty box. I looked to my grinning husband for some clue to the purpose of the scarves.

"Don't you think they'll look great on you?" Geoffrey asked cryptically. 

"Well, umm...yeah, I guess," I answered, slightly confused.

"After we go upstairs and take a shower, I'll enjoy putting them on you, Rachel." With that comment a shiver ran up my spine. Can he mean what I think he means? Although I was terribly curious, I figured I should wait to see how the evening would unfold.

I slid the bow off the second present and inspected the heavy box closely. On the bottom in tiny letters the box was marked "Crystal Fantasy." I opened the lid to find a velvet lining and a beautiful sculpture of clear glass with multicolored swirls reflecting the low lighting in the room. It nearly sparkled against the blue velvet in the box, and I was immediately drawn to touch it and pull it from the case for a closer look. 

I carefully gripped the sculpture and noticed almost immediately its very phallic shape. It was in the shape of a slim but well proportioned cock, with a bulbous head on one end and eight long inches of smooth shaft. Looking with wonder at this amazing piece of art, I sat beside Geoffrey with a look of astonishment. I couldn't take my eyes off it as I ran my fingers up and down, delighting in the cool smoothness against my small palm.

Geoffrey leaned over and nibbled my neck. "You like it, Rach?" he asked.

"God, Goeff, it's so beautiful!" I replied, wide-eyed and awestruck.

"You think it's just pretty to look at," he playfully explained, "but imagine how it will feel inside you." My breath caught in my throat as I considered the amazing shape and smoothness of it sliding inside me. Geoffrey continued to nibble my neck, making me squirm on the couch, before suggesting we go upstairs for a shower so we could try out my new presents.

We both climbed into the shower. I was naked and giddy while he was naked and all business. I noticed Geoffrey's cock was already half hard as I turned toward him to snuggle against his chest. Geoffrey kissed me while warm water trickled over my back and bottom. His tongue swirled with mine for minutes that felt like seconds. And when he gently pulled back, I was left breathless. I wanted Geoffrey to touch me, pinch my nipples, finger my clit, anything - but he had other plans. Soaping quickly over my neck and shoulders, he had me lift up my arms and then gave a quick but meticulous soaping over my torso and pussy. Although my eyes pleaded for him to clean some spots more, he was all business as he watched the puddles of soap bubbles wash down over my curves.

He snickered at my pout, then directed me to turn toward the showerhead to rinse my front. He repeated the soaping process on my back, starting with shoulders and inching downward. When I felt his hands on my hips, my pussy quivered with the thought of him taking me from behind but there was none of that. 

Steadying myself with my palms against the cool tile, I felt his soapy fingers descend to my ass and without warning slip between my cheeks and clean me thoroughly, even pushing half an inch of his finger tip inside me there. I squealed with the sudden but not unpleasant sensation and spread my legs wider hoping he'd continue. I pushed back against his hands and he playfully smacked my bottom putting a quick end to my scheme to direct his touching.

His cursory caresses had already aroused me very much and, after I rinsed off, I turned toward him, reaching out to hug him close to me. He stopped me before I took another step.

"Rachel, let me finish washing. You dry off and wait for me on the bed," he said. What kind of surprise was this? While drying off, I tried to make sense of the presents and Geoffrey's odd behavior. He usually loved to snuggle against my soapy body but tonight his touches almost seemed indifferent. What could be going on?

I stepped out of the bathroom and the cool air of the bedroom sent a shiver down my spine. The beautiful scarves were on the bed and I decided to try them on while Geoffrey continued to shower. I first took one and circled it around my neck and then each end over a breast, tying it in a loose knot behind me. I twisted another scarf around my body twice, just barely covering my hips and pussy. I looked in the mirror at my impromptu handiwork and judged it be a cross between a bikini and a sexy toga party costume.

The other three scarves I quickly arranged in loose flowing loops down over my thighs and bottom, tucking the ends into the other scarf wrapped around my hips. This made it nearly appear to be a very colorful short skirt. I danced around in front of the mirror in my impression of belly dancing, then looked over my shoulder in the mirror at the way my bottom jiggled slightly from under the skirt with my hip-swaying motion. It was then I noticed Geoffrey standing in the bathroom doorway, arms folded over his chest, watching my antics and grinning.

Striking a sexy pose with hands on hips, I tried to explain. "Geoff, you were right! These scarves do look very nice on me, don't you think?" 

He chortled loudly and between guffaws explained, "Rachel, that isn't exactly the way I intended for you to wear them." In the deep recesses of my mind, I suspected he had some darker purpose in mind for these scarves.

Geoffrey had a towel wrapped around his waist and by the bulge in front I could tell that the impromptu scarf outfit was to his liking. He stepped toward me, taking me in his arms and pulling me hard against him.

"Do you trust me?" he asked with a sudden serious tone as his eyes stared into mine expectantly.

"You know I do, Geoff," I replied without thinking.

"You need to trust me, Rachel. Trust me completely." I could tell by the look on his face that he wasn't kidding. He actually seemed concerned, and rather than worried, I was overwrought with the feelings of love and trust I had for this man.

"Geoffrey, I know you'd never ever do anything to hurt or upset me in any way. I trust you with every bone in my body." Even as the words left my mouth, I had to stifle a giggle. I had a very specific bone in mind that I wanted very much in my body.

Geoffrey smiled and asked that I lie on the bed on my back. I climbed over the bed on hands and knees, looking back at him and wiggling my scarf-covered bottom. He stood at the foot of the bed, directing me to lie on my back in the center of the mattress. I took a deep breath and felt another shiver run down my spine as I watched him closely for any indication of how the evening would proceed. 

Geoffrey sat on the edge of the bed, leaning down over me and whispered, "Don't worry, Rachel. You're going to love this. Trust me." With that he gently took my hand and pulled it up over my head and toward the bedpost.

"First I'll need this," he said, as he tugged one of the scarves from my waist wrap.

Geoffrey took his time gently tying a loop around my wrist, tugging on it to make sure it was tight but slipping a finger inside to assure it wasn't too tight. I lay on the bed watching him closely, allowing the reality of his intent to sink in. We'd never done anything like this before and, in fact, we never even really talked about it. He tied the other end of the scarf to the bedpost to extend my arm fully stretched across but comfortable. 

Geoffrey walked to the other side of the bed, watching my eyes and grinning mischievously. He leaned over and tugged another of the scarves from my waist, then gently pulled my hand to his towel-covered lap. As Geoffrey took his time repeating the process with my other arm, he explained.

"Tonight I'm going to tie you up, Rachel. Tonight I'm going to take you in every way you can imagine." He paused, tugging on the knot, allowing the effect of his words to sink in and make me tingle with anticipation. He leaned forward, tying the scarf to the other bedpost and, as he turned toward the foot of the bed, I quietly tested the strength of his knots. The silk binding was very snug but not chafing. I made a mental note to ask him later how he'd come to know so much about knots. Had he ever been a boy scout or gone sailing? 

Geoffrey stood at the foot of the bed and reached for my legs. They were crossed at the ankles with the last shred of modesty that was afforded me in this position. Geoffrey took each of my ankles and gently tugged them apart, spreading my legs wide. He climbed up on the bed between my legs and, just when I was sure he'd reach down to touch my pussy, he tugged another of the scarves from my waistband. As he sat on the bed and carefully tied a knot around my ankle, he continued his explanation.

"I promise that I will not willingly do anything that you won't enjoy, but I do plan to tease you, Rachel." I felt goose bumps crawl over my skin, a combination of his sexy words and the cool chill in the air against my still moist skin. He fixed the other end of the scarf to the bedpost at the foot of the bed. Crawling back up into the bed and sliding his hands under my back, Geoffrey began to undo the knot of the scarf wrapped snugly over my breasts. My nipples were hard and poking against the silky material and I watched excitedly as he tugged the scarf from my body. Heading back to the foot of the bed, he pulled my remaining limb outwards, with my legs as wide as they could comfortably be. As with the others, he sat on the edge of the bed and carefully tied a knot around my ankle.

"If for any reason any of this seems too overwhelming - or you want me to stop - all you need to do is say the word 'yellow' and all of this will end immediately." He looked up from his knot to my eyes, making sure I understood exactly. I'd read about this and knew it was a safe word. It seemed odd that we'd need a safe word when Geoffrey often sensed my discomfort before I did but I loved that he'd put so much thought into this. 

Geoffrey tied my leg to the last bedpost and inspected his handiwork. There I lay on the bed, spread as wide as I could be, and completely naked save for a thick strip of silk wrapped lightly around my hips and barely covering my middle. Geoffrey slowly walked around the bed, his eyes never leaving mine as he came to sit at the edge of the mattress near my head. He leaned down and kissed me hard, his tongue sliding into my mouth and I could feel my nipples crinkle, begging to be touched.

"You look amazing, Rachel. So open and exposed to me." His words made me shudder with anticipation. He kissed down my chest toward my breasts, lightly licking first one nipple and then the other, then blowing gently over them and watching as they hardened even further before his eyes.

"There's just one more thing," he explained as he reached down to untie the last scrap of silk covering me. I watched the curve of his ass below the towel as he bent over and wished I could see him naked. He gently unwound the fabric from my body and pulled it from around my waist. The coolness in the air blew across my very moist center, and it was then that I felt most exposed.

Geoffrey sat up and caressed my breast while looking into my eyes and letting me guess what he would be doing with the last scarf. He leaned down to kiss my lips as he brought the silky fabric over my eyes blindfolding me. I felt my heart pounding in my chest and realized how open and vulnerable I was in this position. I took a deep breath to calm myself but as he took away my vision, I couldn't help but quiver to my core.

Geoffrey's warmth was very near me as he leaned over and whispered in my ear, "You are so beautiful, Rachel. I can't wait to touch you. Touch you everywhere." All I could think of was yes, please, yes, touch me - but I stayed silent. I knew this was part of the game.

Geoffrey's weight shifted from the bed and I heard the towel drop to the floor. I heard his footsteps and the room fell silent. Did he leave? Just as I was about to call out, I heard his return and close footsteps. The bed shifted again as he climbed up beside me. I felt the warmth of his body near but not touching, and I longed to feel his body against me. The first sensation I felt was intense cold against my left nipple. Ice! He'd gotten ice! 

As quickly as I felt the cold, I then felt the sharp contrast of warm. His lips and tongue encircling my nipple, sucking it gently into his mouth. He repeated the process with the other nipple and I found the contrast of cold to hot to be very pleasurable. He held the ice over me as random drops fell to my forehead, my bellybutton, my breast and my knee. As each cold drop fell, it was quickly lapped up with his warm tongue. I wished he would lick my middle, I thought, as the tingling deep in my belly began to intensify.

The bed shifted and I felt him climb between my widespread legs. Thank god, I thought, now he'll touch me. His fingers lightly traced up and down over my legs and then up the insides of my thighs. I squirmed as much as I could given my stretched out position but to no avail. His fingers seemed to trace over my hips and along the crease where my legs meet but never touched my twitching center. 

I could feel his breath on my exposed pink flesh. His fingers traced so near my pussy and I gasped each time he missed it. Finally I felt his fingers on my lips, pulling me wider open, and he blew directly on my sensitive clit, making me squirm. With one fingertip he lightly traced along my wet slit, up and down, with gentle pressure that carefully avoided my engorged nub. I felt his hand near my face as he brought his finger, slick with my juices, to my mouth. I hungrily licked his finger, sucking it hard into my mouth in hopes of encouraging him to touch me quicker, more, now.

I heard him chuckle and I could imagine him leaning over me, watching me intently as every part of my body was tense with anticipation. Again he began the slow process of teasing caresses near my wetness before finally slipping his fingertips between my puffy pussy lips. He very slowly pushed his finger inside me, pumping in and out with a squishy sound filling the otherwise silent in the room. With my eyes blindfolded I was forced to concentrate even more on my other senses and I could smell a combination of vanilla candle and my own arousal in the room. I could feel Geoffrey's warmth against the insides of my thighs and every once in a while I'd feel him brush against me.

"I love touching you, Rachel," he said, in a nearly reverent tone. His finger pumped in and out deliciously slowly, so slowly I could appreciate the pleasure without speeding toward a climax. "I'm going to make you cum many times tonight," he continued as I hung on his every word. "With my fingers, with my tongue, with your new toy and finally with my cock. You'll like that, won't you, Rachel?" he asked rhetorically.

I nodded, barely able to speak as he punctuated the end of his question with a firm upward rub against the spot inside that he knew would make me writhe with desire. As he added another finger to my soggy insides, I could feel him parting my pussy lips with the other hand and again blowing cool air over my sensitive clit. Each time his finger pushed upwards I rocked my hips against him with the tiny amount of leeway his expert tying skills allowed. When he finally judged me to be ready, he rubbed his thumb up and down my slit, getting it slippery with juices before sliding it unhurried around and around my clit.

The tantalizing pressure of his thumb nearly against my most sensitive nub of flesh made me ache with a tension building deep in my belly. Imagining myself tied to the bed, completely at his mercy, excited me even more. Geoffrey knew my body so well that he could bring me right to the brink and push me over at the precise moment he was ready.

"Please," I whimpered. My quiet request seemed barely audible over the pounding of my heartbeat in my chest.

"Please, what, Rachel?" he asked, knowing the answer before he asked the question. I realized then that hearing me beg for his touch was part of the pleasure for him. His voice sounded both amused and aroused and I could picture his playful grin as he awaited my response.

"Please touch me and make me cum, Geoff. Please," I begged. At this point the begging wasn't only for his benefit. The need inside me was building to an almost unbearable peak.

As soon as the words left my mouth, I was rewarded with forceful thrusts of his thick fingers inside me and a quickening pace of his ministrations over my clit. The muscles of my thighs tightened and he was bringing me so close. So close. Finally he massaged directly over my engorged clit, bringing me to a very intense release. The pleasure washing over me left my mind was a whirl of emotions, wishing Geoffrey would take me in his arms, or push his cock into me now.
