 This is not just a holiday story, but rather a tale of two newly weds, Rachel and Geoffrey, who have begun a new holiday tradition on this, their first Hanukkah together. In the spirit of the holiday they are exchanging eight sexy gifts on each of the eight nights. You don't need to be Jewish to appreciate the story. Neither must you have read the other parts of the series, but you might appreciate it more if you have. Enjoy!

"Please, please, please, give me a hint." His begging was so cute.

"You know you need to wait for sundown, silly." I enjoyed giving Geoffrey surprises and presents. He was just like a little boy with gifts and I loved seeing his eyes light up when he unwrapped things.

We busied ourselves with finishing dinner and washing the dishes together. Inside I was giddy with excitement at the coming week and the sexual surprises we'd planned for each other. Finally sunset came and we lit the candles together but part of me felt a little guilty. I wasn't sure that sexy surprises were at all in keeping with the celebration of the Maccabees and the miraculous vial of oil. In the end I decided that anything that brings newlyweds closer together, surely that's a good thing, right?

We opened up some presents from family first. Sitting on the floor, Geoffrey quickly peeled open a box from his mother. Thankfully his mother had caught the hint I dropped about my disgust for tighty-whities and opted for navy and gray boxer briefs instead. I wondered to myself what it is that compels mothers to buy their sons underwear. It is truly a mystery of life. 

Geoffrey jumped off the couch and opened up the underwear, saying he should try them on. His pants size hasn't changed in years but I wasn't about to argue. He quickly unzipped his jeans and bent over, pushing jeans and underwear to his ankles. I watched from behind, appreciating the view. He stepped out of his clothes and turned around to grab the new underwear, catching me staring at his ass. He winked, and threw on the gray boxers, then walked around modeling them for me. Geoffrey's body wasn't perfect, I thought as I watched him walk down an imaginary run-way, but his strong thighs and wide shoulders never ceased to speed up my pulse.

Geoffrey's family presents were depleted at a frantic pace. As quickly as a package was opened, the boxes were flung to the side as if the excitement of opening the present exceeded that of the present itself. Or perhaps he was just more excited about the presents we were going to be exchanging as part of our newest tradition.

I had a little stack of presents from my family also, and once Geoffrey was done with his tornado of flying ripped wrap, I dug into mine. I rolled my eyes at the first round ball topped with a fluffy ribbon and carefully opened it to reveal a pair of hand-knitted rainbow mittens. Geoffrey rolled on the floor with laughter, and as I slipped them on, I tried to calculate how old Aunt Dot must be by now. Surely she's nearing the century mark. 

I slowly opened a couple others as Geoffrey sat beside me in his boxer briefs, fidgeting in his seat. He was anxious to get to our new tradition! Secretly I enjoyed making him wait a little. Seeing him so anxious made me excited too.

"OK, here they are." I handed him several packages and he grinned trying to decide which to tear open first. He started with the biggest one, unwrapping a giant fluffy towel six feet long, nearly as tall as he is. He looked at me quizzically, wondering if I had somehow missed the point of this sexy new ritual. He unwrapped the next and it was a firm small rectangular pillow. Now he looked really confused, and I smiled. Lastly he opened a package with vanilla massage oil and he looked up at me grinning.

"You get a sexy massage," I said with a smile that promised much more. He kissed me hard, then grabbed my hand and anxiously pulled me to the bedroom. I'd already set it up, with candles around the bed and nice music in the CD player. First pushing him in the general direction of the shower, I then lit the candles and laid out the fluffy towel. I peeled off my clothes and slipped into little black thong panties and a black cotton tank top that barely contained my breasts. As I heard Geoffrey in the shower happily humming a song slightly out of tune, I leaned over, jiggling a bit, pushing my breasts together some to accentuate my cleavage. 

The shower stopped and I checked my look in the mirror. Positively scandalous, I thought, checking my naked ass from behind in the mirror, then tweaking my already hard nipples. Moments later Geoffrey stood in the steam-filled doorway, naked and dripping, with his cock springing to half-mast when he saw my near nakedness. Looking at my lover in such a statuesque pose, my breath caught in my throat. I will never tire of seeing him naked. 

"OK, dry off some and come lie down," I directed, smiling to myself. I might be more eager to start than he is, I thought. Although I only promised him a massage, I intended for this to be very special.

He lay his long naked body down on the towel, laying on his front with his arms folded under the little pillow his head rested on. He shivered slightly in the cool air blowing over his slightly moist skin. I climbed up onto the bed, straddling his waist, and poured a little oil into my hand to warm it up. In preparation for tonight I'd read a few books on massage, I wanted this to be a night he wouldn't soon forget. 

After slathering a fair amount of oil over Geoffrey's back and shoulders, I started rubbing. I started at the base of his skull, kneading out the stresses of the day. As I moved to his shoulders, I could sense the tension leaving his body. I worked on each of his arms, starting first with his wonderful strong hands. I've always thought hands were one of a man's sexiest body parts. As I massaged the muscles in his hand, my mind began to wander, recalling how much pleasure these hands and fingers had given me. Forcing myself to focus, I worked upward back to his shoulders and looked down to Geoffrey's face. His face was relaxed, eyes closed and his lips turned slightly upwards in a peaceful grin.

I shimmied down a little, straddling his thighs, and started kneading his lower back and then the muscular cheeks of his ass. For the first time since starting, I felt him squirm a little as my thumb ran between his cheeks playfully. I drifted my hands up over his hamstrings and my fingers leisurely stroked along the insides of his thighs as he spread his legs just a little more. I moved to sit between his legs so I could see his cute bottom in front of me with a muscular leg on either side. In the glow of candlelight I could barely make out his balls beneath him and his freshly trimmed pubes. How considerate of him to trim while he was in the shower, I thought.

Rubbing over his calves and feet, I slowly began my ascent back toward his thighs. Teasingly I moved upward to his ass, rubbing a cheek in each hand. I wondered if Geoffrey was imagining what this massage would bring or if he was more content to just concentrate on the sensations of my slick fingers on his skin. He moved his hips, trying to get more comfortable as his member began to harden beneath him and my thumbs drifted lower to the crease where his cheeks meeting his thighs.

I caressed him for long moments, down his strong thighs and back up the sensitive insides. Occasionally my thumbs brushed up against his balls and lightly trailed over the sensitive area between his scrotum and ass. By now Geoffrey seemed both relaxed and a little keyed up as I continued with my sensuous strokes. 

I imagined his cock beneath him, hard and pushed between his abdomen and the towel, and I felt a flutter in my middle and a moistening in my panties. Touching so intimately and knowing that he trusted me completely filled me with such wanting, it was difficult not to just call it off fuck him immediately.

I wasn't sure how he'd react to the next part so I moved very slowly while watching his body language to see if he was enjoying himself. I poured more oil into my hand, and drizzled it over his lower back and down his ass. Geoffrey shivered as the oil dripped down the sensitive skin between his cheeks. I reached down, lightly caressing his balls beneath and spreading the oil further upward to his most sensitive spots. Geoffrey groaned in response, and I moved with increased courage. I'd never touched him quite this way before but I was sure it would make him feel great. 

I traced my fingers lightly along his crack, gently brushing over his hole with the slippery pad of my index finger. As my fingers drew lower, Geoffrey groaned more and his legs spread a little wider. I teased more with my fingers, lightly tracing around his hole, but never touching it directly. He really started to squirm then and that was my cue to go to the next step. 

I climbed up his back and kissed his neck, whispering into his ear, "Ok, time to flip over."

The room was filled with the smell of vanilla, as he slowly pulled himself up on elbows to turn onto his back. I wasn't too surprised to see his cock hard and throbbing, lying on his stomach. A drop of pre-cum was formed at the tip and I licked my lips in anticipation. I straddled his tummy and leaned over to kiss his lips. 

"Enjoying the massage so far?" I asked rhetorically. 

He closed his eyes and grinned, "Mmm hmm." He seemed very relaxed and for a second he looked so yummy I again contemplated sliding down and impaling myself on his throbbing manhood. All of this touching and exploring his naked body had made my pussy so wet and ready. 

I sat back up and began again with each hand, working upwards over his biceps and to his chest muscles. Playfully pinching his cute little man nipples, I watched him smile even wider. I slid a little further down, lightly brushing my thong-covered pussy along his hard cock and I felt it jump in response. I loved seeing how excited he was - and I had barely even begun the most intense part of my plan.

Gently I pulled his legs apart again as I settled between them. I ran my hands over his hips directly to the tops of his thighs. I lightly spread his legs just a little further, slowly trailing my fingers up the insides of his thighs. Lightly smearing a little oil over his cock, I fondled the rubbery head and veins along the shaft. I cupped his balls in my hand and he moaned. I could tell by how tight his balls were that he was very excited.

"Hand me that little pillow," I asked. He looked at me a little confused but took it from beneath his head and handed it to me. "OK, now lift up." He bent his knees and raised his hips as I scooted the pillow under his bottom.

"Hey now, what's all this?" asked a confused Geoffrey. 

"Its so I can...umm...reach your cock more easily." Geoffrey smiled. I'm sure he was anxious for me to get to the genital portion of the massage. I pulled my tank top off, and bending over I pressed his slippery erection between my breasts. Pushing my breasts together, I trapped his oily shaft and slid my body up and down. I knew the friction would never be enough to get him off but he loved to feel my big breasts stroking him.

Sitting up, I poured a little more oil into my hand, getting it warm again before I drizzled it over his cock and balls. Again I watched him jump slightly as the oil ran down his balls and down the crack of his ass. I took his throbbing erection in my hand lightly and slowly started pumping up and down. Bending it up to my face, I lightly licked the head if it, tasting the saltiness of pre-cum mixed with vanilla, an intoxicating combination.

I continued stroking his hardness with my fist as I lightly caressed his balls with the other hand. He was clearly enjoying this, as his hips started to rock back and forth with my hand movements. Teasingly, I would let go of his cock, running my fingers down over his balls and then back to feel him harder and harder in my hand. As I swirled my tongue over the head, I looked up to his face. His eyes were no longer closed. They were open, full of lust and anticipation.

I guided his cock between my lips, slowly filling my mouth with the velvety smooth flesh. Inside my mouth I lapped upwards with my tongue, licking over the sensitive area below the head. Geoffrey gradually reached toward my face and, without letting his knob slip from my lips, I firmly pressed his hands to his sides. Although I usually loved his gentle direction while I licked him, tonight was about me making him feel good. He seemed amused with this interesting twist of me being completely in charge of his cock tonight. He folded his arms behind his head and relaxed.

Geoffrey filled my mouth so perfectly, I thought as I nuzzled my nose in his neatly trimmed pubes. Everything about him was sexy and I thought briefly about how many hours he had spent in the past licking me and teasing me with his tongue, making me feel so good.

My rhythm became steady as my head bobbed up and down over his cock while the taste of vanilla danced on my tongue. Reaching down with one hand, I cupped his oil-covered balls, feeling the weight of them in my hand, and gently slid them around between my fingers. Geoffrey was moaning very quietly, clearly enjoying this. Holding his shaft in my other hand, I started to concentrate on licking just the purple head. I knew from past experience that this would make him feel great without rushing him toward release. 

Reaching with oily slick fingers a little lower, I began to caress the area just below his balls. This spot was so much more accessible with his ass up on the little pillow. My fingers caressing him made him squirm a little and spread his legs a little wider. Taking this as a silent plea to continue, I trailed lower still, lightly running my little finger down between his cheeks. As my finger grazed over his hole, I heard him gasp slightly and it almost felt as if he was holding his breath in anticipation. 

I started making leisurely circles around the hole, gently and slowly, hoping this would be sexy and relaxing, since I knew from previous conversations he had never experienced anything quite like this before. I also knew him well enough to know he was a little wary of this. Although touching him this way is never anything he would ever ask me to do, he was excited enough by it not to stop me.

Each time my finger swept over his hole I felt his cock leap in my mouth. Still holding just the head in my lips, I began to press lightly with my finger against the opening at the same time I slid a little more of him into my mouth. First just a fraction of an inch, and then again just a little more, until his cock was halfway into my mouth and my finger was inside him to the first knuckle. I let him relax a little and get used to the feeling of my finger. Geoffrey's face was slightly contorted but I judged it to be anticipation rather than pain.

As I held my finger still, my tongue still lapping along the head, I heard him barely whisper, "Oh god, please don't stop." 

I smiled to myself. I knew he'd like this. I started again, driving more of his hardness into my mouth as I slid more of my slippery finger inside him. His muscles slowly relaxed inside and I knew this was because of the complete trust he had in me. He knew I would never ever hurt him. Soon his cock was deep in my mouth and my finger was deep inside him - and I was so proud of him for trying new things. Now came the reward for his open-mindedness, since the trickiest part was already done.

I began sliding his cock in and out of my mouth, slowly, sucking hard on him at the same time. Keeping a slow pace at first, I knew the new sensations would be overwhelming for him. Gently but firmly I pressed upwards against that sensitive walnut-shaped gland deep inside him and heard him moan loudly in response. With steady pressure I rubbed his prostate and felt his cock growing in response. His cock leaked more pre-cum as my finger coaxed it from him.

My pussy was absolutely dripping and twitching with excitement, I couldn't believe how exciting this was - and I wasn't even touching myself. When I felt his cock throbbing and his balls tightening I slowed down. I wanted him to enjoy this as much as possible, so that he would let me do it again someday. Geoffrey relaxed more and more, allowing me to push my finger deeper inside him. I felt him writhing, heard his breathing become more ragged as I continued to massage him. By keeping the rhythm of my mouth slow and somewhat irregular, I knew I could draw this out, keep him right at the edge for a long time.

After many minutes of this, I sensed that Geoffrey was close to the point of begging me to let him finish. I'd never felt his cock so hard inside my mouth and I'd rarely heard him moan so loudly. During these long moments I heard him whisper somewhat incoherently several times, "Oh god...I never knew." 

As his pulsating hardness filled my mouth, I looked up to his face and smiled. His eyes were tightly shut and his nipples hard pebbles. I knew it was time to bring him release. My lips tightened around his cock and my pace became regular. I begin pumping him in and out between my tight lips as my finger slid in and out, pressing each time against his prostate. He began quietly grunting with each thrust and I slowly sped up my rhythm. This time I wouldn't stop. This time I was going to make him cum harder than he had ever cum before.

As he neared orgasm, his balls tightened and I could feel his increased grip on my finger. Faster and faster my mouth moved over him. There was no turning back now. When the first rope of cum hit the back of my throat, I pressed upwards with constant pressure against the gland and kept his cock deep inside my mouth. I didn't miss a drop as he exploded deep into my mouth with so much force I nearly gagged. When his cock stopped jumping in my mouth, I very slowly eased my finger from him. After a minute of holding his cock still in my mouth, I gently eased it out with a plop, marveling at how it was still half hard even after he'd cum so much.

I sat up with my legs folded under me, still sitting between his thighs. Looking up at him for some kind of sign, I saw that he'd put his hands over his face. His panting breaths began to slow and I couldn't tell what he was thinking. For a fleeting instant I had doubts. What if he hated it? I sat there, holding my breath, not even daring to move until I saw a signal from him.

Without warning Geoffrey's eyes flew open. "Oh my god! Why didn't you tell me sooner you could do that!"

"Well, I mean, I wasn't sure you would like it. And I mean, it isn't the kind of thing one can put on a resume." We both laughed, as he bolted upright and playfully swooped me into his arms.

"You are truly a woman of many talents, Rachel. And to think, I married you for your cooking." At this we both laughed hard, rolling onto our sides and holding each other close.

"Now let's see how much you enjoyed touching me," he said as his hand reached down to my soaking wet panties. Sliding a finger inside my thong, he gasped in feigned surprise, "Looks like I'm not the only one in this bed who's excited." His caresses made my eyes glaze over, and he leaned closer whispering in my ear, "Let's see what we can do about that." 

So far this was a holiday tradition that was destined for greatness. We could both hardly wait for the rest of the holiday.

As always, many thanks to RAB for editing and general direction. Please remember to vote! And send me feedback if you liked the story, or even if you hated it. I love feedback!