 My wife Denise and I seemed to be the typical couple in their thirties with great jobs, our own home in an upscale neighborhood, healthy twin daughters, and - at least on outward appearances - a solid marriage, but every couple has its secrets.

While I still loved her, Denise wasn't exactly giving me what I needed sexually often as she once did. Very few positions (except anal) turned her off when we dated for over five years; back then, she was ready to fuck any time and anywhere. 

Our sex life continued to be hot after we married, at least until Denise became pregnant when she was twenty-five and I twenty-seven. We'd only been married a little over two years at the time and didn't plan to have kids. However, the first time I laid eyes on my two baby girls, I vowed to be the best father possible to them.

Denise is a excellent mother, but after giving birth to Jade and Joni, sex became rare. She had the usual excuses; a long day at work, activities with the girls, a headache, her period. I pretty much heard them all. It got to the point I considered myself lucky to get laid twice a week, with the exception of about a week before her period was due. I looked forward to those times; Denise would be incredibly horny and we'd fuck each other's brains out just like the old days.

Between sparse conjugal pleasures with my wife, masturbation was the only other option I had to get any relief. Even though Denise had a couple of hot girlfriends I wouldn't have minded getting into bed under different circumstances, Talia and Caitlyn never more than played major roles in my jerking off fantasies. I never considered screwing around despite having a high sex drive. Not only was I still very much in love with my wife, but also more than well aware how easily one could contract nasty diseases with multiple partners. No thanks!

I usually crept downstairs many nights long after Denise and the girls were asleep. Totally naked on the couch, I'd stroke my hard shaft to either my favorite porn or fantasies of Talia and Caitlyn. Coming was always a messy moment, so I always made sure to spread a towel beneath me and had plenty of tissues nearby. Once I'd gotten off and caught my breath, I was able to get a good night's sleep.

When the girls turned six, Denise was promoted to a full-time position at her job and my business became more brisk, so we needed extra help. Several women of various ages applied for the live-in nanny position we advertised. We spent the next several weeks interviewing, checking references, and doing background checks until both of us considered Summer perfect for the position. Summer added that she offered special services, but didn't elaborate what they were. Both Denise and I assumed we'd know soon enough.

My wife agreeing to hire such an attractive woman came as a shock to me. Summer was twenty-two with long blonde hair, distinctive blue eyes, round yet tight ass, and perfect 36D breasts. It didn't help that she wore skimpy outfits, barely leaving anything to the imagination. Keeping my eyes off her was a difficult task, and Summer soon replaced Taryn and Caitlyn in my stroke fantasies.

Whether or not Denise and I had sex, making a beeline to the den after everyone was asleep became a nightly ritual. Though porn played in the background, I often imagined my hard cock thrusting between Summer's tits or her sucking me with her sensuous mouth before we fucked each other to mind-blowing orgasms.

Fantasies about our nanny became more intense after I came home one day for lunch. Denise was still at work and the girls in school, so Summer and I were alone in the house.

Or so I thought.

I heard moans coming from her bedroom, and went to check and see if she was okay. The door was ajar, and I soon caught sight of Summer and her boyfriend fucking doggy style.

"Fuck yesss," she hissed. "Give me that hard cock. I want to feel all of it in me."

Her boyfriend ground deeper into her, both clearly enjoying the intense, raw sex. He tangled his fingers in her hair while continuing to pump in and out of her.

"Faster!" Summer grunted. "Faster, you bastard; you know you want it!" 

Kevin picked up his pace, pounding into her furiously. "Do you like getting fucked like this, baby? You like taking me from behind?" 

"Yes! Ride me harder. Give it all to me!" she breathed heavily. 

"Summer...God, your pussy feels so good..." 

He pulled almost all the way out before slamming into her with as much force as he could gather. His hips bucked sharply as he breathed hard and bellowed he was going to come.

Both cried out as their climaxes melted into one. He soon sagged against her, both drained of energy, their breaths ragged.

"God damn, baby," Kevin chuckled when he pulled out of Summer's pussy. "That was hot!" 

"Why thank you." she giggled and slapped his ass.

"Need to leave after I get rid of this rubber," he said before going into her private bathroom.

She began putting on her clothes. "Good idea; Josh should be home for lunch soon."

Aroused from what I saw, I ducked into the master bathroom and replayed the scene I'd just witnessed in my head, replacing Kevin with myself as the one who plowed Summer from behind. I quickly grabbed a dirty towel from the hamper moments before shooting a copious amount of semen into it, the hardest I'd come to date.

I sat back on the toilet and composed myself, remaining hidden in the bathroom for several more minutes before I heard Kevin's car pull out of the driveway. 

"Josh!" Summer gasped after she came inside. "I didn't know you were here."

"Sorry," I replied, not letting on what I'd seen moments before. "Had to make a quick trip to the john. Guess I drank too much coffee at work."

"Your lunch is in the microwave."

"Thanks. Whose car was outside?"

"Kevin stopped by for a few minutes. I hope you don't mind."

"Of course not; just don't let Denise find out."

"Right, she doesn't want me having company while you guys are at work."

"No big deal. You're here alone all day, a visitor now and then won't hurt. I'll talk to her if there are any problems."

I then smiled and pulled out my checkbook. "I also remembered today is your pay day, young lady."

Summer took the check from my hand and glanced at it. "You are too generous."

"Any problems with the girls?" I asked.

"Very few. I think this is one of the best jobs I've had."

She took my empty dishes and put them in the sink. "I'll go to the bank soon as I finish these and vacuum."

"I'm hanging out a little longer if you want a ride," I offered.

"Oh thanks, Josh! I won't be long."

"Take your time."

It wasn't easy for me to concentrate on some paperwork while Summer completed her chores. I caught a quick glimpse of her ass as she stood at the sink with her back to me and then sneaked a peek of her magnificent cleavage out of the corner of my eye when she bent to take something from a lower cabinet. Knowing I wouldn't have much time for a second round of jerking off before going back to work, I quickly turned back to the stack of papers I needed to sign. 

I finished the last form just as Summer was ready to leave. We chatted on the way to the bank before I dropped her off in front and said I'd try to be back home around six-thirty. She promised to be home to meet the girls after school and start dinner before Denise returned from work. 

I sat for a few more minutes and watched her walk inside the bank. God, she was sexy! 

I felt my cock twitch, which jolted me back to reality. I started the car and headed back to my business, hoping to concentrate on the work that awaited me.

***

Visions of Summer fucking her boyfriend never left the back of my mind well into the evening. By the time everyone had gone to bed that night, I was hornier than I'd been in a long time. 

I spooned against Denise and pressed my erection into the crack of her ass. I kissed her neck as one hand fondled her right breast and the other slipped into her pajama pants.

"I want you so much, baby," I growled in her ear.

"Josh...please...not tonight," she moaned in protest and pulled away. "I was swamped at work and then had a conference with the girls' teacher. I'm tired."

"You know, it would be nice to have sex with my wife once in a while, or do we need to schedule that too?"

"It's been a long day and I just want to go to sleep."

I flopped on my back and sighed in disgust. "This is bullshit."

"I'm sorry, honey. Maybe we can have a little fun this weekend when the girls are at my parents' house and Summer goes away with her friends."

It was going to be yet another night spent with my hand. "Sure, baby, whatever you say."

I lay wide awake for a long time, eventually hearing Denise's steady, deep breathing of slumber. I then slowly crawled out of bed, walked downstairs to the den, and popped in a favorite DVD, keeping the volume low enough as to not cause a disturbance.

It didn't take long for me to stroke my cock with a steady pace while watching a busty blonde perform deep throat on a guy in his forties on the screen. I threw back my head and closed my eyes, imagining myself in the man's place as I pumped my cock harder.

I didn't realize someone else was in the room until I felt something wet sliding up and down my shaft. I emitted a low, guttural groan, thinking Denise changed her mind about fucking and found me downstairs.

When I opened my eyes and looked down, I suddenly noticed it wasn't my wife's mouth pleasuring me.

"What are you..." I began.

Summer looked up at me and grinned. "Looked like you needed a little help."

Her tongue resumed dancing over my cock before she suctioned it deep into her mouth. To my surprise, she was able to take my entire length without gagging - something Denise was never able to do - and I loved it. I could feel her throat muscles contracting and relaxing around the head as her talented mouth lavished attention on my erection.

After several minutes of giving me what may have been the best blow job of my life, Summer suddenly slid her mouth off my cock, stood, and straddled my lap.

"Fuck me now," she said in a low, lustful whisper. "Fuck me, Josh. I want to fuck you."

I pulled her breasts to my waiting mouth, demandingly sucking each erect nipple. Summer's fingers tangled in my hair and she pressed my head closer to her, slightly shifted, and spread her legs wider. She kissed me hard, our tongues probing each other's mouths as my shaft slid deeper into her wet opening. Summer rode me with wild abandon, her face contorted with sheer pleasure. The sight of her enormous breasts bouncing in time while she impaled herself on me was one of the hottest I'd viewed in a long time.

"Does Denise ever fuck you like this?" she asked lustily.

"I'm lucky if I get any pussy from her on the weekends." 

"No wonder you're so horny. I've wanted to fuck you since the first day I started working here. You wanted me too, didn't you?"

"Oh...hell...yes..." I managed to get out.

"I'll give you all the sex you want, Josh. I'll always be ready for you."

"Whatever it takes to get me off, baby. You look so hot riding me."

"God, I'm coming!" she whimpered. "Harder, Josh! Fuck me harder!"

I reveled in the sensations of Summer's body quivering in orgasm. She continued to eagerly give herself to me and bit into my skin, careful not to let her sounds of ecstasy filter through the house. I groaned and dug my fingers into her ass, my upward thrusts meeting her downward strokes.

"I love bareback so much," she moaned. "Kevin won't fuck me without a condom. You like the feeling of me sliding up and down your big cock? Am I as good as your wife?"

"Much better, baby," I gasped. "Best pussy I've had in ages."

"You're everything I've fantasized and more. Give it to me harder and faster, Josh. Make me come again!"

She grabbed hold of the one of the couch arms, leaned back, bit her lip and impaled herself on me with quick, hard strokes.

Her latest climax sent me over the edge. "Oh, Summer, I'm going to..."

She quickly jumped off my lap, knelt on the floor, and finished me off with her mouth. I exploded down her throat within seconds and she swallowed my entire load with enthusiasm.

Summer smiled up at me and licked her lips when she finished. "Now you know what 'special' services I offer, but only you will get them."

I went upstairs not long after and slept through the entire night.