 It was nice to be home. We set up the folding chairs out in the backyard around the fire pit. The hubby started ripping up the usual pound of old newspapers to start the fire going. I grabbed the marshmallows, chocolate and graham crackers off the kitchen table inside. Outside, the frogs and crickets began their chirping.

"Honey, you remember that night when we first did this?" Owen said as he stacked the wood in the pit.

"Yeah, at Lucky Loggers Campground. It was the night that I kissed you." I sat down in the chair near him.

"You made yourself out to be so young and innocent. But you weren't. You were a naughty girl weren't you?" Owen was smiling. I could tell he was back in those first moments of love we shared that evening.

"Oh, yes. I loved it when you gave me back that tender, soft kiss in return." I picked up the sticks beside the chairs and put marshmallows on the ends.

"Yes, that was a real kiss, unlike the peck on my dimple you gave me."

"Hey! I was young and innocent, you know. You were the one that kept moving back behind me, trying to hide your rock hard erection. I felt it up against my spine the whole night. And you loved it when I put your hand up my shirt."

Owen had that lustful grin on his face. I could tell tonight was going to be a good night. He gave a low growl and made his way over to me. The fire was now crackling into the night air. I lifted my face as he leaned down, brushing his lips along my own. I reached up and grabbed his head, pressing my mouth into a deeper kiss with him. Our tongues swirled in an ancient dance we'd been practicing for years.

"So you wanna stay up 'till three in the morning, like we did that night?"

"Sure, but don't just kiss me this time, okay?"

"What do you want me to do?" Owen scanned with his cane, until he found the large log that we kept for special evenings like this. He sat down with his legs over each side of the log. Folding up his cane, he motioned for me to join him. I grabbed the two sticks and leaned them up against the log. I swung my leg over the wood and sat down. Owen wrapped his arms around me in a bear hug. This is what love felt like.

The aroma of the fresh cut grass mixed with burning apple wood, was quite arousing for a country girl like me. Owen was kissing the back of my neck and sliding his hands up my shirt, feeling the heavy globes underneath. I wasn't wearing a bra tonight. Owen picked up the hem of my shirt, letting it rise over my head. The soft cotton fell to the ground beside us. 

I felt free as a wild bird. Owen let his fingers skim over my fire warmed skin. My nipples hardened as one last breeze blew by. I looked up at the night sky, seeing the same shining star as I did when I first kissed my lover. I closed my eyes and leaned into his chest. 

His fingers slipped below my waist into my shorts. His lips lifted off of my neck for a moment.

"I remember those silky pants you wore. The mosquitoes were bad that night. Yet I could feel the contours of your pussy so well, I could picture it in my mind."

"Mmm. I wonder what you did that night after we were so rudely interrupted."

"I thought about you."

"Yeah, I imagine while stroking your cock."

"Oh yeah, nice and slow. So I could savor the feeling. I was dreaming of you riding me that night."

"Come here." I turned around pulling him closer. Owen lifted each breast to his mouth and traced infinite patterns on each nipple. I pushed him down along the length of the log. I pulled his hard erection free of his shorts. Quickly I shed the rest of my clothing. Before he could say anything more, I was on top of him, his cock buried deep in my pussy.

Owen smiled at me, pulling me down along the lines of his nice, comfortable body. I let my fingers trail through the hair on his chest. It was just like that first night in the camper, when I snuck in at four in the morning. Everyone was still asleep. There was Owen wrapped up in a blanket, his back to me. I'm not sure if he heard me come in. I slipped underneath the covers behind him. I let my arm snake through his arm and his warm body. I curled around him. 

"Hey!" he whispered in the early dawn. He lifted his head turning it to make sure it was really me.

"Good Morning, Sweetie." My fingers traced the outline of his morning woody in his undershorts. With a low growl and some maneuvering, I found myself in the same position, with him buried deep in my cunt. It was so new. Yet, I knew this is what I had been born for. I had a talent for fucking and I was going to show Owen what a great wife I could be.

I rocked back and forth on him, just like the first time, reveling in the feeling of where our bodies met. There is a distinct euphoria that comes only with really great sex. Owen knew how to give me that and more. I felt him slide deep inside, hitting my cervix. His hands roamed over my body, touching my boobies, my back, and my bottom. He grabbed my head and pulled me down for another searing kiss. 

"Faster, baby!" His breaths were coming out hot and heavy. He had his hands on my hips moving me in so that my clit was hitting that spot.

"Oh!" I closed my eyes and held that long syllable, letting it rise out of my body into the night air. My orgasm overcame me in shuddering spasms that sent Owen over the edge too. I felt him thOwenbing deep in my womb. We kept rocking back and forth in a haphazard fashion, letting our orgasms roll over us in unison.

"I love you, Honey Bear." I whispered as the fire crackled beside us. He smiled at my special name for him. I snuggled into him, s'mores forgotten.

"I love you, too Honey Smudge. Happy Anniversary. There is a surprise waiting for you inside."

"Really? What is it?"

"Something you've been wanting a long time."

"It can wait. I got all I want here in my arms." I pulled him closer for a bear hug.

*** 

The End