 I walked into the hotel room, dropping my jacket and purse beside the door, and walked directly to where he was sitting in the chair watching television. He looked up and smiled, "Hey."

I smiled back, but didn't say a word as I dropped to my knees in front of him, and began unbuttoning his jeans.

"Cut to the chase, huh?" he asked. Still, I only smiled up at him, and directed my attention back to his lap. Finally getting his jeans unfastened, my smile got bigger as I held his dick in my hands. I leaned forward and ran my tongue all the way around, then up and down. Placing just the head in my mouth, I applied a gentle suction before pulling back so that it popped out from between my lips. He tried to stand, to lead me to the bed, but I pushed him back into his seat, and still fully dressed, save for my missing thong, I crawled onto his lap. I wrapped my hand around his dick and rubbed it slowly along my pussy, enjoying myself profusely. Moving my knees deeper into the chair beside him for support, I leaned back towards his knees, and pulled my skirt up so he could watch me play.

I eased the thick head of his dick into my pussy for just a moment, then pulled him back out, and began rubbing him slowly across my clit. Before long, I was rocking my hips, moving to meet the action I was creating with my hand on his dick, and quickly nearing an orgasm. Just before I fell apart, I lifted my hips up and pushed him completely inside of me. I felt the contractions start inside my pussy as I grabbed onto the arms of the chair to keep from falling. I threw my head back, and panted my way through a truly amazing orgasm. 

As my vision cleared, I looked up into his eyes and smiled again, "Hi."

"Oh, now you have something to say to me?"

I laughed, and crawled off his lap, only to drop back to my knees, and slowly lick his dick from the bottom to the top and back down again, cleaning the gleaming juices I'd left behind. "What, you didn't like my hello?"

"I liked it just fine, I just didn't expect it."

"Mmmm, so, you gonna do something else with that or not?" I asked pointing to the hard-on that still begged for more attention.

"You are pretty bossy today."

"Oh, sorry." 

"Somehow I doubt that."

I shrugged as I walked towards the bed, peeling my shirt over my head, and dropping my skirt to the floor. I reached behind me and unfastened my bra and quickly threw it to the side. I placed one foot up onto the bed, intending to unzip my boot, but I never got that far. He moved behind me, and thrust inside of me so quickly, I never saw it coming. He rolled his hips, then pushed me forward so that I was leaning over the edge of the bed as he held my hips and hammered into me. I held onto the sheets, gripping them between my fingers, never able to do more than hang on. 

I have always enjoyed the way he fills me, stretches me, and today was no exception; he knew exactly what he was doing as I began to scream as another orgasm ripped through my body. My legs gave out, and I collapsed against the bed, only to have him throw me forward, farther onto the bed. I rolled over, to try to guess his next move when he grabbed my hips again and slowly this time pushed forward into my pussy. After the punishing tempo I had just lived through, this seemed like slow torture. I locked my legs around his hips, urging him to move faster, harder into me, but he only smiled at me and shook his head.

I reached up to pull him to me, intending to kiss him, but instead he began another assault, just as potent as he kissed along my neck, across my shoulder blades, and up to my ear. He stopped to bite at my earlobe. He reached a hand down to flick quickly over my clit as he breathed into my ear, "Cum for me, come one, cum for me right now." As if that was all my body was waiting for was the command or permission he gave, my hips bucked forward, and again I felt the muscles in my pussy grabbing at his dick, pulsing and contracting as yet another orgasm washed over me.

He gave me just a moment to catch my breath before he rolled with me so that I sat firmly atop him. I needed no encouragement, I began riding him, rotating my hips as my hands moved up, drifting over my body, then up to tangle in my hair. Beyond thought, beyond anything other than the quest for release, I rode him hard. I opened my eyes and saw him smiling up at me, enjoying my pleasure almost as much as I was. He brought his hands up to my hips and held on to me, so I grabbed his wrists for support as I felt the beginnings of another orgasm start to tear me apart. I felt him push up into me, and I felt him cum deep inside me. 

As I rolled to the side, my legs, with my boots still on tangled in his, I laughed through panting breaths.

"What's so funny?"

"Nothing at all, I just forgot to tell you Happy Birthday."