 "What time is it?" asked Jon over the music blaring in the living room.

"It's 10:30." he heard someone answer from behind him.

"Oh shit!" Jon exclaimed. He hurried into the kitchen to grab a soda out of the fridge then he headed for the door. As he opened it, someone grabbed his shoulder from behind.

"And just where do you think you're going young man?" He turned to see that it was Jennifer, a friend of Carrie's. "What's the matter? Are you too good to party with us?" she asked as she stepped in front of him and closed the door.

"I have to go pick Carrie up from work. She gets off at 11:00 and I told her I'd pick her up so that she didn't have to worry about driving tonight." he explained. No sooner did he finish his sentence than there was someone knocking on the door.

Jennifer opened it, "Hi! How are you guys doing? I'm so glad you could make it. Here, give your coats to Jon and he'll take them upstairs." she said to her new guests. To Jon, she said, "Fine. You just take these upstairs to the bedroom where we're keeping everyone's stuff; second door on the right, and you can leave as long as you promise not to be gone long. We have something special planned for you for your birthday tonight. You got it?"

"Yeah, I got it. No. Wait a minute, I thought the coats were going in the first room on the right." he said.

"Well, we were but we ran out of room so we had to move down one door. Now go, go, go. You don't want to be late, do you?" She said and turned around to mingle again.

Jon went upstairs and checked the first room on the right. "Looks like plenty of room to me, but it's Jen's place." he said to himself. He turned and went to the second door and pushed it open. He turned his back to the room and turned on the light. When he turned around to look for a place to put the coats, he almost dropped them.

Carrie was lying on the bed. She was wearing a red and black negligee with little bow-tie closures down the front from cleavage to crotch. He turned around again, opened the door and dropped the coats in the hall then closed and locked the door before turning around again.

Carrie was playing with the top bow-tie as she asked, "Well, are you just going to stand there and look or are you going to come over here and open your birthday surprise?" She smiled as he crossed the room and sat down on the edge of the bed. She reached above her head and pressed play on the stereo. Slow, romantic music began to drift softly around the room.

"So you're my birthday surprise, huh,” he asked as he caressed her face and neck softly, just the way she'd told him she liked in one of their many conversations about sex.

"Mmmm, yeah. I'm it all right. I hope you like what you see. I wanted to give you something special before you left but I couldn't decide what, so last weekend I decided to give you me." she explained. "Oh I like what I see, alright. Would you care to dance?" he asked as he stood up from the bed and took her hand.

"I most certainly would." Carrie answered and followed him to the middle of the room.

He held her close as they danced slowly around the room. She put her arms around his neck and her head on his chest.

"You smell good." she said and hugged him closer as they danced.

"You too." Jon replied. "In fact, you smell good, you look good tonight, and most of all, you feel good. This feels good,” he said softly as he nuzzled her hair by her ear.

He ran his hands from her hips up to her shoulders and back down to her ass and gave it a gentle squeeze. He felt her shudder lightly as he nibbled on her ear. He smiled because she had said she liked that too. He kissed her cheek, then her lips. They kissed softly at first, then the kisses grew more and more passionate. He picked her up in his arms and carried her over to the bed where he gently set her down. Their kisses grew soft once more as he lay down beside her. Jon began to caress Carrie's thigh as she pulled away from their kiss to start unbuttoning his shirt.

"Let's get you into something more comfortable." she said. When she reached the last button she continued her way down and unbuttoned his jeans as well.

Jon got up from the bed and took his clothes off. Carrie watched for a few seconds then went to work on the numerous bow ties on her negligee but he stopped her.

"Let me help you with that." he said as he joined her on the bed once more. He kissed her lightly on the lips, then the cheek and continued to leave a trail of light kisses down her neck onto her chest between her breasts. With each new bow untied he placed a kiss on the skin revealed until he reached the last bow. This was the bow, which revealed what she later referred to as her one and only jewel, a small diamond-shaped patch of hair which pointed to her clitoris. He didn't want to spoil things for her so he left that bow unkissed. Instead, he helped her off the bed. She stood facing him as he sat on the bed and she slowly shrugged the negligee off each shoulder, then she slowly slid it down over her hips and down to the floor where it lay upon his clothes.

Jon placed his hands on Carrie's hips and pulled her closer. He kissed her between her breasts and gently nibbled and sucked on each breast as he massaged her ass. She ran her fingers through his hair and gently tried to guide him to her nipples but he resisted, getting closer and closer each time she tried but changing direction at the last moment. He could feel her breasts and ass getting hotter as time went on. Then just as Jon was about to give in, Carrie pulled away and knelt in front of him.

"So you want this to last, huh? Well then, I want you to spread your legs and sit on your hands. Don't move them until I tell you to. Let's see just how long you can last," she said. She took hold of his cock with one hand and his balls with the other. She massaged his balls and stroked his cock until it was rock solid and standing on its own. Then she put the tip of his cock in her mouth and sucked and nibbled on it. In a few moments, Jon was already squirming with desire. She started slowly working her way down until his hair was poking her nose. As she came back up toward the head her suction grew stronger. She concentrated sucking on the just the head of his cock as she stroked his shaft with her hand.

Soon Jon was gently thrusting his hips toward Carrie's mouth in rhythm with her hand. When she tasted the first few drops of cum she stopped stroking his cock. She deep-throated him again and again. It wasn't long before he was cumming in her mouth and down her throat. She continued to suck it down until he began to grow soft again.

"Oh Carrie. That was flat-out incredible. This is easily the best birthday of my life. Just in case I'm in no shape to say it later, thank you." Jon said.

Carrie got onto the bed and lay down beside Jon with her head on his chest. She put one leg between his and played with his chest hair for a few moments before speaking.

"I just want you to know that I don't do things like this for just anyone. You're very special to me and I care about you a great deal. I know I'm going to miss you and I just wanted to make damn sure you miss me. Now let's get this over with." she said as she reached for Jon's cock again. He stopped her and pulled his head back so he could look at her.

"Hey Carrie, honey, we don't have to take this all the way if you don't want to. I don't want you to feel like you have to do it if you're not comfortable with it," he said gently. Then Carrie was the one pulling her head back to look at Jon.

"Like hell we don't! You and I would not be here right now if I weren’t comfortable with the idea of fucking your brains out and your balls blue. Not only am I comfortable with it, I've been fantasizing about us sleeping together since I decided on your gift. What I was referring to when I said 'Let's get this over with' was something I call the quickie. You see it usually doesn't take me long to reach my first orgasm. I want to get it out of the way so that we can have that fantasy marathon fuck that you and I are always joking about. So now that you understand, I repeat. Let's get this over with." she said as she took his hand and placed it on her jewel.

Jon took the hint. He kissed her softly as he played with her clit. She took his head in her hands and guided him lower. He kissed and nibbled his way down her neck to her breasts where he paused to suck on her nipples one at a time. He could feel the heat this produced in her pussy. He moved his hand farther down between her legs as she spread them wide. He inserted a finger into her pussy as he continued to kiss and nibble his way down. Then he was at her clitoris. He sucked it into his mouth and nibbled and flicked at it with his tongue as he stroked her G-Spot with his finger. 

She began to moan and rotate her hips in unison with his movements and suction. Her breathing became ragged and she grabbed a handful of his hair. He sucked harder on her clit as he stuck another finger into her pussy and finger fucked her in rhythm with her movements. It wasn't long before she had to turn her face into the pillow to scream as Jon's face was covered with her cum and juices. He continued to flick rapidly at her clit until she relaxed and her hips fell back onto the bed. In a few moments her breathing returned to normal.

"Oh wow. You never mentioned anything like that when we talked. I was totally unprepared for what you just did, whatever it was." Carrie said softly as she cuddled up to him and began playing with his cock once more.

"I take it you enjoy your 'quickie' then." Jon said.

"Enjoyed doesn't even come close to it. Why didn't you tell me you could make a woman do that? I don't normally scream at the top of my lungs," she said.

"Well I kept a few aces up my sleeve just in case this fantasy ever came to life. Aren't you glad I did?" Jon asked as he softly caressed Carries back and ass.

"Yeah, I am. So do you have any other aces up that sleeve of yours?" Carrie asked as she rolled on top of him and guided his cock into her hot wet pussy.

"Well, let's see..."