 It was two weeks later, and a fun two weeks at that, Kellie thought as she showered. Her hands slid down her body to her red and raw pussy, a physical reminder of just how many times she'd gotten off lately. She'd gone from a single vibrator-induced orgasm a day to averaging four or five at least, and not all on her own. Power really was an aphrodisiac. For two straight-weeks she'd had Jessica and Nikki dancing to her tune, and she'd loved every second of it. She sighed as her clit engorged, remembering how she'd forced Jessica to give a homeless man a blowjob, watching her shock turn to resignation as she'd realised she wasn't joking, and the humiliation forced on her as she'd fastened her lips around his meaty disgusting cock. She thought she'd orgasm right then as he put his filthy hands on Jessica's beautiful hair, and forced her lips head down on him as he came, giving her no chance to avoid taking his cum in her mouth. And she remembered with pleasure seeing Jessica gag and turn to spit it out, and how with a shake of her head she'd forced Jessica to swallow every drop. 

'Mmmm that was good' Kellie thought, as she leaned back against the shower wall, her nipples hardening between her fingers, forgetting yet again that she was supposed to be getting ready for work. She'd been late four times this week, and each time it had been exactly this that had slowed her down. But she couldn't help it. Yesterday it had been the memory of how she made Nikki eat her out three times in a day, Kellie twitching her fingers inside herself to simulate Nikki's tongue, remembering her barely controlled anger as she'd realised Kellie wanted her to go again, and again. 

And to top it all off, she had a new boyfriend. Yes, the 'suffering singleton' had got herself a man. Admittedly he wasn't the footballer she'd prefer to be dating, but he wasn't unattractive, and he was always up for a fuck. Two weeks ago she'd never have settled for him. But then one day on the train home it had just sort of happened. 

She'd noticed him watching her as she got on, and he kept watching her as she sat down. He wasn't particularly tall, about 5 8", and he wasn't great looking, but there was something in the way he watched her. Guys hardly ever looked at her that way. And it had been a while since her last time. Fuck it. She turned her head and caught his eye, before giving him a slight smile and looking away again. He smiled back, still looking intently at her. She moved in her chair, grinding her hips against it and already feeling herself starting to moisten. Leaning forward she pretended to fish for her phone in her bag, giving him a direct view down her open shirt, her breasts straining against her white bra. She continued fishing, but looked up, catching his smile again as he stared. She held his gaze before standing up to put her bag above the chair, stretching to expose her midriff, before oops! Her phone fell on the floor. Crouching down to pick it up, she felt air on her back and knew fine well he could see her white thong riding above her waistband. She was glad she'd worn her sexier ones today. 

Ten minutes later, and that thong was halfway down her thighs, the thin sliver of material pinching against her flesh as he fucked her hard against a wall. It hadn't taken much to entice him, and once he'd seen her standing there with her trousers already at her knees he'd taken the initiative quite quick. Kellie spread her legs wide and beckoned him deeper inside her, enjoying the feeling of being ridden hard against the wall, the cold abrasive stone contrasting nicely with the warm cock entering her. He nuzzled hard against her neck, his hands gripping her thighs and steadying himself while he pumped, groaning and then arching his back as he came. She closed her eyes and sighed as he pulled out of her, leaving a slick trail of cum dripping from her pussy. She reached down to pull up her underwear, feeling it start to pool against the material. One card with her number on later and she had a boyfriend. Definitely an eventful two weeks.

An awful two weeks, Jessica reflected bitterly. She sat meekly on the bus, her once smiley demeanour buried under layers of worry. She used to enjoy the journey to work, wondering what the day would bring, but since her birthday everything had just gone so wrong. She'd even started applying for other jobs, at least if the truth came out then she wouldn't need to see it played out on everyone's face. But it wasn't the humiliation of being at someone elses beck and call, or having to perform with Nikki every time it was requested, or even having to go down on that homeless guy, that hurt the most. It was the betrayal. Her and Kellie were friends, and good friends she thought. She'd certainly never have expected her of being capable of any of this. And going home day by day expecting to find her stuff packed on the doorstep and a shocked crying mum wouldn't help at all, as Kellie never ceased to remind her. 

She walked in the door listlessly, wondering what fresh hell was going to be provided. Nikki spotted her going to the staff room and followed after her.

'Jess, are you-'

'christ's sake Nikki I haven't even put my jacket down! What is it today? Are you going to do my arse while she watches again? Have you eat me while she frigs herself in my face? Well she can fuck off. Im not doing it. Never again. Im past caring!' Jessica threw her bag onto the chair and slumped down, fresh tears rolling down her cheeks.

'Aww Jessica!' Nikki sat beside her and hugged her, her heart bursting for her friends distress. She'd felt so guilty since that night, feeling that if she hadn't given in to her attraction none of this would have happened. But today the guilt was mixed with a feeling that had eluded her for two weeks -- hope.

'Shhhh...dont worry babe, you wont need to do it again, neither of us will. I'm going to sort it'

Jessica looked up and saw the smile on Nikki's face, and the confidence her smile had brought some light to her eyes.

'what are you going to do?'

Nikki smiled again and cuddled her friend. 'Have you heard about Kellie's new boyfriend...?'

'Haha you could've told me she was THAT gagging for it!' Craig laughed as he chatted with Nikki. She playfully punched his shoulder at his crudity before taking a sip from her pint. She hadn't seen him for a week, but was eager to hear how his latest conquest was going.

'So its going well then?' she asked, looking her long-time friend up and down. She knew he was a sex fiend but if he got too into her he could ruin the whole thing.

'if by 'well' you mean my cock hurts, then yeah. Wish you'd hooked us up sooner Nik!'

'you aren't hooking up with her Craig, it's just sex remember?'

'Yeah I know I know, but you can't blame me for enjoying myself' Craig smirked, checking his phone as it vibrated for the fourth time in as many minutes. Kellie again. She wanted to meet that night. He showed the text to Nikki and she laughed out loud.

'She really is loving it! Maybe you should give her a night off? Absence makes the heart grow fonder...'

'Fuck my heart, everytime we meet up she wants it harder and faster! And there's something just so dirty about shooting in her face-'

Nikki punched his shoulder again. 'Ewww! No need to get graphic! Just don't go falling for her now...'

'ha! No chance. She's tight enough but she's got no chat. Anyway, time for another' 

Craig gestured to his empty glass and made his way toward the bar. Nikki blanched at his 'tight' remark. Craig was an ok friend but sometimes he was such a crude bastard. But for her plan there really couldn't be anyone better suited, he'd have fucked a balloon if someone had drawn a face on it. She reached across the table for his phone, rapidly scrolling for his inbox. A good ten texts from Kellie, as well as a good few pictures of a pussy she'd come to know a bit too well lately. 'not for much longer' she thought to herself, as she rapidly typed out a text and hit 'send'. She replaced the phone and greeted Craig as he returned with the drinks, and their conversation veered off to Big Brother and gossip.

Kellie lay back on the desk in the upstairs office. She'd had another good day, the highlight of which had been forcing Jessica to expose her pussy to five different customers. 'They'd definitely be giving her a high rating for her service' she thought to herself, replaying the image in her mind of sweet innocent Jessica asking the customers to pick up her pen, then spreading her legs and pulling her underwear to one side to flash them as they went under the table. Each and every one had looked shocked, with two bumping their heads and another reaching forward to touch her before she moved her chair away. Kellie smiled to herself, patting herself on the back for coming up with new ways to humiliate the golden girl. Next time she'd ask Nikki to finger herself with her pen and leave it for her customers to use. 

And to crown her good day, she'd got a text from Craig wanting to meet after work. They usually fucked at her place, or in the park, or his car or hers, but after hours at work was a new one. Luckily she had keys and knew the alarm codes, so it was fine. She had already taken her trousers and cardigan off and was lying spread across the desk in her silver bra and thong, with her legs apart, ready for him. The lights were off so as not to arouse the suspicion of the cleaners, but to be honest she was so horny right now that if the fit one wanted to come in and fuck her she wouldn't stop him. The thought alone was getting her wet, and it was hard for her not to reach down and start working herself. But the text had been clear, underwear, legs spread, lights off and wait.

She shuddered as she heard footsteps on the stairs, and felt the breeze as the door opened. An appreciative 'mmm' rang out, and she felt hands run up her leg and along her waist. She was soaking with anticipation, and was sure he'd be able to smell it even if he couldn't see it. His hands caressed her body, softly rubbing her pale skin and working up to her bra, before squeezing her tits, softly at first and then harder and more urgently. She raised herself up on her arms to kiss him, but instead felt her scarf being wrapped around her eyes. 'kinky!' she exclaimed, laughing slightly. She could smell Craig's aftershave and reached out to kiss him, but he pressed her back down to the desk and the sudden brightening showed he's flicked the lights on. Kellie felt exposed and reached to cover herself, but again he pressed her down to the desk and replaced her hands at her sides, the comforting rubbing of his hands settling her down. She felt the stubble of his chin against her thigh, and sighed deeply as her underwear was pulled aside, her pink pussy lips moist and tingling at the breeze. Without warning she felt his tongue inside her, pushing apart the folds and lapping at her walls, and he fastened his lips to hers and kissed her pussy, drinking in her taste. The probing tongue moved up to her clit, and her thighs twitched as he began flicking it, the working tongue stimulating her strongly and making her breaths quicken. Kellie began to moan and moved her hands to squeeze her tits as the tongue worked inside her, and she arched her back and came, her hands reaching down to his head and pushing against him, not wanting him to stop. He pushed back against her and withdrew his tongue quickly, Kellie letting out a moan of disappointment, and then of pleasure again as he fastened his moist lips to her nipple, undoing her bra and dropping it on the floor as he did. He rubbed his hands up and down her sides before moving them down to her thong, and manoeuvered it down her thighs and down her ankles. She felt his lips brush hers and she kissed him deeply, enjoying this moment of intimacy that she and Craig normally didn't share. He seemed far more loving tonight but she figured it was only a matter of time before he wanted more than just sex. He responded to her kiss with a stifled moan, and she felt him reach down to undo his trousers. She reached down to feel his throbbing cock through his boxers, and rubbed it as he undressed. Again he pushed her hands up and back to her sides, and Kellie moaned as she felt the tip of his cock pushed against her pussy lips. He rubbed it up and down her lips, slicking it in her juice, before he positioned it against her opening and began to push it slowly inside her. She bit her lip and moaned hard, feeling every inch of it as it went inside her, stretching her tight pussy much more than usual. He withdrew sharply, making her back arch as she tried in vain to keep his cock inside her, and then she relaxed as he filled her again, feeling his balls nestled against her thighs with every inch inside her. He began to slide in and out of her, always with the same full strokes, but gradually speeding up. She felt her pussy quiver and tighten and begged him to kiss her, but he kept the same relentless strokes, and she felt the pressure begin to build in her clit. She wanted to kiss him, to show him how he'd pleased her, but he was still pounding her, sliding deep into her and right out again, and getting faster with every stroke. Kellie used her elbows to push herself down the desk, wanting him deeper inside her, and he moaned louder than before. She knew he was close, she could feel his pulsing cock and full balls bouncing off her, desperate to unload inside her. She reached up and grabbed his neck, pulling him to her and kissing him deeply and passionately, feeling her pussy tighten for the second time in as many minutes, knowing he was going to make her cum again.

'oh god Kellie...' he moaned, and her body jerked sharply. That wasn't Craig's voice! She reached up to remove the scarf but he held her tightly to him. She also found her body was betraying her, she couldn't fight the urge beginning to build inside her. She had to cum. So did he. He kissed her wetly as he went into overdrive, slamming his cock inside her faster and faster, and she couldn't help but kiss him back. They both moaned loudly as she felt him burst inside her, thick spurts of semen that quickly began to run out of her throbbing pussy and onto the desk. She arched her back as her second orgasm washed over her, and lay panting on the desk as he withdrew his dripping cock.

She was almost afraid to remove the blindfold, but as she did the lights went out and the door opened and closed. She sat up quickly, trying to glimpse the back of her most recent lover. Had it actually been the cleaner? But if so where the fuck was Craig? If it had been the cleaner she might need to stay late a few more times...She sighed heavily, exhausted by what had turned out to be a fantastic fuck.

'So who the hell had it been?' Kellie pondered as she sat at her desk the next day. She'd been thinking the same thought over and over since last night. It had to either be one of the branch staff, or someone who knew she'd be there. And the only person who'd known she'd be there was Craig, and it definitely hadn't been him. Even if he hadn't spoken and revealed it, she'd felt the difference. Whoever had fucked her had touched her so gently but firmly, kissed her so sweetly but passionately, that she'd actually felt affection as well as lust. But from whom? The Assistant Manager? Well she'd always thought he secretly had a thing for her, despite having a girlfriend of 3 years. The Customer Manager? Tariq was always giving all the girls the come-on on nights out, but she'd always imagined him being a love 'em and leave 'em kind of guy. Well, pound them and leave them. She looked around the branch for the umpteenth time, trying to catch the various eyes of several suspects, but so far no-one was giving anything away. No matter, whoever it was was bound to let themselves known, or at the very least come over and arrange a replay. 

She looked down at her watch. 13.15. a whole 15 mins of playtime with Nikki and Jessica gone already. Kellie reached her hand under her desk and quickly rubbed it along her inner thigh and over her crotch. Normally she'd be moistening already, but today she decided, she'd give them a day off. Therefore it was with some surprise that she spotted Nikki making her way steadfastly toward her desk. Did she really have her so trained that she just expected it? 

'Look, Nik...'

'come on Kellie, no lunchtime fun today?' Nikki said, her words belied by her stance like a coiled spring, her eyes blazing defiance.

'Now now, no need to be sarky, I've decided to give you guys a day off-' Kellie began, sitting back magnanimously before Nikki cut in

'Fuck your day off. Were going upstairs now'

Nikki reached over and grabbed Kellie by the wrist, making her recoil in shock. She rallied quickly, pulling her mobile out of her pocket and waving it in Nikki's face. But instead of backing down, Nikki produced a digicam from her own pocket. 

'I think thats trumps don't you?'

Kellie blanched with shock, her pale skin turning paler by the second as she took in the implications. Meekly she turned and walked toward the staircase, Nikki following behind and giving a thumbs-up to Jessica, who smiled and looked back to her work.

By the time they reached the office Kellie had rallied again. She hadn't gone this far without having some brass to back it up. Besides, what could Nikki have on there? Footage of her getting off watching them do her bidding? They'd be on it too, there's no way they could show anyone. A fact she made clear to Nikki as soon as they were in the door. 

'Kellie, lets just watch the tape shall we? Oh, and have you heard from Craig today?'

'How do you know Craig?

'Lets just watch the tape'

Twenty minutes later, and Kellie was in tears. She'd just seen the door close in the video, but this time she hadn't been vainly glimpsing a retreating back. This time she'd seen the whole thing. Seen herself lying back on the desk half naked, seen herself touched, licked, kissed and then fucked. Seen herself biting her own lip in pleasure as a still pulsing cock had been withdrawn from her, a string of cum still connecting their bodies until it collapsed into the steady stream beginning to leak out of her. And seen that the guy it belonged to, a guy she hated.

Andrew had always had a thing for Kellie, since his first day in the branch. Everyone had known about it, the fact that you talk to everyone one way and one single girl a different way was, well, a bit of a giveaway. In the beginning they had got along well, but despite all his best intentions, something had gone badly wrong. Suddenly they'd gone from talking every day to short petulant exchanges. Nikki had quickly found out what had gone on, and far from the juicy gossip it could have provided, it had its roots in simple jealousy. Kellie would never date Andrew because he wasn't the footballing-ultra-popular guy she wanted to be seen with, and every time she'd flirted with one of the other guys he'd got more and more wound up. The one day he'd had enough, and tried to out her as a vampish status-seeker on a night out. And she'd hated him ever since. Forgive and forget was not in her vocabulary.

So of course, when Nikki had come up with her plan, who better to donate a free fuck of Kellie to? She needed someone who'd definitely be up for it, who could carry it through, and who could provide the leverage she wanted. She could have tried to use one of the managers, but they'd have wanted to know why she was doing this to her friend, and the less people involved in this the better. And to be honest, she didn't want someone who would just use Kellie. Ridiculous though she thought it was, Nikki still remembered Kellie complaining of how guys used her. Despite all she'd done, if she could give her a night of being treated gently, of being worshipped, maybe it'd give her something nice to remember. Of course she hadn't told Andrew any of this. The version he'd got was that Kellie had decided to forgive him, and was offering him a 'one night only' so long as he followed the rules. He was to come in and blindfold her, and was to have left before the blindfold came off. And was NOT to talk. But after viewing the tape a few times, Nikki could forgive him that. After all, who wouldn't have wanted to say something when shagging someone they love?
