 Erin and I waited impatiently outside the door, shivering. "Hurry up, it's freezing out here," I mumbled under my breath.

"Yes, but it will be nice and hot in a few minutes," she said, and winked at me.

"Knock again," I said impatiently.

"No, I hear him coming." 

As the door opened, and you saw us standing there, I knew we'd well and truly surprised you. "What the... what are you doing here?"

Erin opened her long winter coat to reveal her beautiful body, clad only in matching black lace bra and panties. "Are you gonna make us stand out here in the cold all night?

You push open the door and Erin walks past you to walk inside, drop her coat and lay back on the bed. You turn back to look at me, with questions in your eyes.

"You didn't think I'd let your birthday pass unnoticed, just because you are out of town, did you?"

You laugh then, and step back from the door, "Well, are you coming in, or are you going to stand out there and freeze?"

I move past you, but instead of just brushing by, I slide my body up against yours and move my right hand so that I can feel your hard dick pressing against your jeans. 

"Impatient little bitch, aren't you?"

"Always have been."

You reach down trying to open my coat, to see what I am hiding underneath, but I push your hands away, and backing away from you, I slowly open the buttons, then let it slide off my shoulders to the floor. Unlike Erin, I don't have a stitch of clothing on underneath, just my favorite fuck me heels, and a smile. 

"No wonder you were cold," you say as you follow me to the bed.

"So, birthday boy, which do you want first, the show, or the main event?" Erin asks, just as impatient as I am.

"I don't know, which do you suggest?"

"Oh, I'd definitely start with the show..." she says as she moves to kneel behind me and snakes her hands around so that she has one hand playing with my right nipple, and the other is dipping into my wet pussy.

"What she means is, have a seat, get comfortable, enjoy the show," I smile as my eyes close reveling in the feeling of her hands on my body.

She kissed my back, and began moving her hand faster and faster against my clit while she pinched my nipples. "She's so wet, you know, she's practically dripping, she's just begging for your big dick to fuck this tight little pussy. Look at her, look at how wet she is," and Erin moved her hand away from my pussy, showing you her fingers, and how they were covered in wet, sticky mess. "She's all ready to be fucked, but I get her first, and you get to watch." She pulled me back onto the bed, and climbing over me, she began licking my pussy furiously. 

I shook my head from side to side, delirious in the feelings that were bursting through my body. I couldn't control the orgasm that slammed into me if I'd wanted to, and I really didn't want to. I screamed as I threw my head back, arched my back off the bed, and trembled as my pussy clamped down on her fingers still buried deep inside of me.

"Isn't her pussy pretty when she cums? Don't you want to feel this tight pussy pulsing around your dick like it did on my fingers? She tastes so good, don't you want to taste?" with that, Erin crawls off the bed and walks over to where you were sitting and bending over, she kisses you, her face still slick. 

I watch as your hands slide up her thighs to cup her ass, and try to pull her down to you, but she pushes away.

"Show's not over yet birthday boy."

Erin leans down to pick up my coat, and pulls my favorite purple toy out of a pocket and crawls up beside me on the bed. She slides it down my side, letting me feel the lower speed vibration. "I think it's my turn, don't you?"

"Absolutely, let me have that," I say, as I take the toy away from her, and move down between her legs. I turn the controls completely off, and slowly slide the shaft into her pussy. I pull it all the way out, then slide it back in. I lean down and begin licking her clit as I move the vibrator in and out of her pussy. 

She's so wet, that there is no resistance as I pull it out of her, until she starts contracting her pussy muscles around it, trying to hold it inside of her. I start licking her clit a little faster, a little harder, and suck it into my mouth as I feel her begin to shake. I knew she was just seconds away from cumming, so I reach down and flip the vibration controls from off to high. 

Her ass shot off the bed as her entire body rocked with the repercussions of her orgasm slamming through her body. She was panting hard, and rolling her head back and forth, mumbling nonsensical words. I turn the vibrator back off to let her recover for a moment, but I continue easing it in and out of her pussy.

I feel you behind me now, grabbing my hips, and I can't quite catch my breath, as I feel your dick begin to slide into me. I turn to look at you, desperate to have you fucking me hard and fast.

"Show's over," you say as you slam your dick completely into me, filling me so tight, and the orgasm that sped through me was just as unexpected as your sudden movement. You begin pushing your dick into me, and your fingers dig into my hips as you hold me right where you want me. 

I turn back to try to give Erin's pussy the attention it so much deserved, but then, you moved one hand around to rub frantically at my clit, and I screamed as another orgasm left me panting and weak.

Erin moved away from me, and I looked up at her, surprised. "Hey, birthday boy, why don't you lay down here, and you," she said as she grabbed my arm, "You, I want you back on top of him." She moves and positions me as if I were a rag doll she was placing just so. She turns me so that I'm facing away from you, and then grabs your dick and guides my pussy down onto you.

I look up at her, waiting for her next command, or her next move.

"Now fuck him, fuck that big dick of his hard," she says as she moves down between my spread legs and begins licking my clit as I move up and down, riding you, fucking myself on your dick.

I look down to watch her lick and nibble on my clit, then as she moves down, and she licks your dick as it appears beneath me. Then, she makes her way slowly back up to my clit, and as she sucks hard on my clit, she reaches up and twists both of my nipples hard. I threw my head back and screamed through my orgasm. I had barely regained my breath, when she pushes me off to the side, and starts licking your dick like an ice cream cone. 

I watch in awe as she sucks your dick deep into her mouth, she looks up at me, then right into your eyes. I can only imagine how talented her mouth is on your dick, because I've felt what she can do to my pussy. I watch as your hips move off the bed, then I hear you moan, "Oh, fuck," and she moves her mouth off of you just as you cum so she gets hit right in the face, then in her hair, then across her titties as you cum all over her. 

I grin as she moves away from you and crawls over me, offering me her right nipple that is dripping in your cum. I lick it clean, then she moves farther up my body and she pulls me into a kiss that makes my toes tingle. She rolls off of me, and leans up her elbow and smirks over at you. "So, birthday boy, how'd you like your present?"