 It was my 24th birthday; David took me out for dinner a little drinking and dancing. After working up a sweat on the dance floor I told him I’d like to go for a moonlight swim at the lake. Being a hot July in Texas he was more than happy to comply.

On the way to the lake David lit up one of my favorite kinds of cigarettes and I was more than happy to join him, mixed with the long Island Ice tea’s I’d just had I started feeling pretty warm, relaxed and a little randy.

He had his arm around me, his hand hanging over my shoulder with our fingers locked together. I could feel his thumb rubbing the soft skin on my hand. I pulled his hand down to my breast then released his fingers and placed my hand on the inside of his thigh rubbing lightly up and down his inner thigh causing him to shift in the seat.

I could feel my breast become taught as he caressed them and pinched my now erect nipple through my silk shirt. My skin was beginning to tingle a wet warmth was stirring between my thighs.

He pulled his arm from around me then ran his hand softly over my thigh. When he reached the edge of my short leather skirt he slipped his hand between my thighs, the tickling sensation of his fingers finding their way up my inner thigh made me throb and burn. His fingers reaching my now wet panties made me squirm in my seat and push towards his wandering hand.  He traced his fingers up and down my slit through my lace panties and kissed the nape of my neck. I could feel myself growing still warmer and wetter in anticipation. I let out a soft moan, “don’t stop”

As he rubbed my mound through the lace I unbuttoned his jeans and freed him from his constraints. I ran my fingers through his pubic hair massaged his balls then slid my hand up his erection. I turned in the seat kissed him hard then bent down and took him in my mouth. 

I could never swallow all of him but it didn’t stop me from trying. I circled his head with my tongue and gently nipped him with my teeth. As I sucked the head of his cock long and hard I stroked the rest of him with my hand, 

I could taste his pre-cum in my mouth and swallowed as much of his cock as I could. Forcing him as far down my throat as I could go and using my hand to work what I couldn’t swallow.

I sucked and licked him like a melting Ice Cream, slowing increasing intensity to keep up with the melting pace. I could feel him pulling my skirt up over my hips and then a heated sting when he slapped my rounded bottom before sliding his hand under me and through my hair.  The teasing, tickling feeling from his fingers playing in my pubic hairs gave me the most incredible tingling sensation.

He ripped the delicate lace panties off of me and slid his fingers up my slit. As they hit my sensitive clit I quivered and paused for a moment, his other hand pushed my head back down hungrily. 

He spread my lips and with a finger on each side of my clit began to rub the soft pink flesh of my inner lips. I could feel the warm wetness reaching down the insides of my thighs. 

He pinched my clit then circled it several times driving me even closer to the edge before burying his fingers deep inside of me, stroking me in tempo with my mouth stroking his erection. His erection began to grow as I sucked it ever harder and faster, he slid his fingers back up to my clit and rubbed it hard and fast keeping tempo till we both came together. Once I had drunk him in, he pulled me to him kissing me long and hard. Kissing my neck, suckling my ear lobes, still massaging my slit and lips. 

I had no idea when we had reached the lake or how long we had been there. The drive from the private club to the lake at the most was usually 10 minutes

He opened the door and stood up adjusting himself and buttoned up.  I pulled my skirt back down, straightened myself and followed him out. It was a beautiful clear night. The soft breeze coming off the lake felt wonderfully tantalizing as it blew through my silky blonde hair, although there was no moon the stars shown brightly.

I slid up on the hood of the car; David stood in front of me with one hand in my lap as we smoked another cigarette and quenched our thirst with the now warm beer. As we discussed things, that had to be done before heading out on our next trip, he unbuttoned my silk shirt, pulled the lace on my bra down just enough to free my nipples and began circling the outer rim of my nipple with his tongue as he lightly pinched and tugged at the other with his fingers.

The fire returning within me, that wet warmth growing fast again between my legs. I let out a moan, placed the palms of my hands flat on the hood of the car and wrapped my legs around his waist, pulling him closer to me. Grinding myself into the bulging erection under his jeans.

He kneaded and squeezed my breast as he sucked my nipples, sucking ever harder as my breathing increased and moans came more often. I squeezed my legs tighter around him, forcing his bulge even closer, causing his jeans to rub deeper into me a button gliding over the top of my clit.

My body trembling and aching for him he pushed me back on the hood. Pushed my legs flat onto my stomach, I thought for sure my knees were going to touch my ears. I held my hands around behind my knees, my entire body trembled at the feel of his tongue sliding through my slit, licking from my moist opening all the way to my clit stopping to wiggle my clit back and forth, circling it then sucking it hard.

I squirmed under him in pure ecstasy and tried to muffle the scream escaping my lips. He worked his way back down and darted his tongue inside of me, my legs shaking I let go and let them fall over his back, began to caress my breast squeeze my exposed nipples. 

His tongue traveled back down to catch the juices escaping from within, licking me, teasing me, once again I felt his tongue dart in and out of me.  Moaning uncontrollably I begged him not to stop, I tried to sit up move closer into him he pushed me back down. I ran my fingers through his hair and tried in vain to pull him back to my pulsing clit.

He drew back from me. Unclasped my bra, pulling me to him in one swift motion causing my head to spin.  He took my breast in his mouth, sucking so hard I gasped in both pain and pleasure. I felt headlights course through the windshield, Every muscle in my body tensed in fear at the same time David slid his fingers inside of me, I felt as though he’d tried to shove his entire fist into me I screamed out he drove into me harder, deeper, faster.

Thinking about the car I pleaded “don’t stop, Oh God don’t stop now” I thought for sure the car would keep coming but it turned at the last available road to the other side of the park area. The intense moment only made for more pleasure, driving me further into an intoxicating ecstasy.

I fumbled for the buttons on his pants and finally managed to get them all. I begged for him to cum inside of me, he fingered me harder faster.  My legs trembling again, closing, tightening around his hand.  Teetering on the edge of pure pleasure ready to cum for him, begging for him to be inside me. 

He pulled away from me, grabbing me by the waist and pulling me off the hood of the car. I tried to plead with him, don’t stop now. I need to feel you in me please don’t stop but he muffled my pleas with a hard kiss. He spun me around and yanked my skirt above my hips again. 

Pushing me down on the hood of the car, my breast rubbing the warm now wet metal.  I could feel his fingers on my clit again, I screamed out Please David, now I need you now. He slid inside of me slow and easy still teasing my clit.

He pulled almost out of me then slammed into me hard, rubbing my clit harder and faster as he slammed into me even harder and deeper. Another scream escaped me.

I braced my hands on the hood of the car and spread my legs farther apart for him. I was moaning uncontrollably, legs weak body shaking; I thought my knees would buckle.  I came again and again till we finally came together. 

He pulled me to him, wrapping his arms around me helping to hold me up as my legs continued to tremble. Picking me up he carried me to the end of the boat dock. Where we sat, David Cradling me in his arms running his hands through my air and kissing my neck till the quivering inside of me came to a stop. He whispered so softly in my ear “I love you, I promised you a baby girl and I think I just gave her too you Happy Birthday Baby”

Once my composure returned we left our clothes on the dock and took that starlit swim.  What happened on the dock after the swim will have to be part two of Happy Birthday Baby.