 I only had a few hours to get everything set up. I had been planning this for months, wanting everything to be perfect for your special day. You had just left for town and I know you were wondering why I was so anxious for you to get going. You were going to stock up on supplies in preparation for the storm that was predicted for the weekend. I could hardly contain my excitement as I shooed you out the door. 

I watched as your truck disappeared around the bend in the driveway then burst into action. I had everything hidden in the back of the supply closet under the camping gear we hadn't used since last summer. I had been gathering everything here and there, sneaking it in without you noticing. Candles, scented massage oils, bubble bath, a special sheet for the bed and various other toys for our entertainment.

I hurried to prepare the bedroom, placing the candles about the loft, on the railing and on dressers. I placed the toys and other accessories close to the bed, ready for our later entertainment.

Then to the kitchen to prepare a simple meal for us. Leaving the food in the refrigerator and setting everything else up for us at the coffee table in front of the fire place. More candles placed on the mantle and tables around the room and logs ready to be lit in the fireplace. I put a special CD in the stereo that I had mixed just for tonight and then stood back to inspect my work. Everything was perfect for a night of pampering. Now it was time to get myself ready.

I hopped in the shower, quickly readying myself for you. Using your favorite scented shampoo and body wash and later after drying off, lotion of the same scent all over my body. Soft, subtle scent, knowing it would drive your senses wild. Keeping my makeup light and my hair down, I dressed quickly, knowing you could be home at any moment.

I lit all of the candles in the bathroom and in the loft then lit the candles I had placed on each step as I went back downstairs. I moved through the livingroom, lighting candles and the fire, turning on the stereo.

Everything was perfect, and just in time as I heard you coming up the drive. I rushed to put out the food and wine, placing it all on the coffee table. One last check around the room as I hear you coming up the front steps. As you open the door, I slowly turn to face you.

I smile gently at the look of surprise on your face. "Happy Birthday lover." I walk toward you, putting a little extra sway into my walk drawing your attention to how I'm dressed. Wearing only an aqua green calf length dress, thin straps and body hugging, it was clear that there was nothing underneath but me.

I take your hand in mine, leading you into the room, watching you as you take in all that I've done. The music playing softly in the background, the crackle of the fire, the food and wine, the candles all around the room, leading up the stairs to what will soon be a place of pure decadence.

Looking back to me, you grin and say "Well now! You have been busy while I was gone. We've got supplies to haul in but I don't think you're dressed for the occasion!"

We both chuckle a little and I say, "Oh I think the supplies can wait until morning. It's cold enough out to keep things fresh." Knowing this went against every bone in your body, I pulled you further into the room. "I promise, you won't regret waiting." With a wink I help you out of your coat and lead you to the couch.

"Sit down baby and let me pamper you. I've been planning this for so long and I want you to enjoy every moment that this night offers."

You smile up at me as you settle down onto the cushions. I kneel on the floor by your feet and lean down to help you remove your boots, making sure you are totally comfortable.

Looking up into your eyes I say, "This is your night, love. Whatever you want, you will get. I am here to please you." I watch as you take a deep breath and see your eyes get dark, your pupils expanding.

You start to reach for me but I stop you with a hand on your chest, pushing you back into the cushions. Laughing I say, "Not yet Michael. The time will come soon enough. First we build up your energy because you're going to need it." I grin at you then turn to pour us each a glass of wine. I hand you your glass, take mine, then say, "To you baby. You are such a wonderful, loving, generous man. I hope I make at least one of your wishes come true tonight." Touching our glasses together in a toast, we each take a sip, looking into each others eyes.

I turn again to the table, setting my glass down and reaching for a platter of veggies, cheese, meat and fruit. I turned to you with a strawberry in hand, bringing it to your mouth. You take my wrist in your hand, holding me steady as you flick your tongue over the berry before biting into it, causing me to catch my breath.

You slowly slide down to the floor beside me, leaning back against the couch and pulling me close to you. We begin to feed each other, watching closely as we nibble, bite, lick our lips. This doesn't last long before you say, "Enough! I have to taste you!" You pull me to you, wrapping a hand around my neck and pulling me in for a kiss, licking around my lips, my breath ragged, panting as you slowly devour my mouth.

Turning to face you more, pressing my body tightly against yours I delve my fingers into your hair, pulling you closer. Our tongues swirling together in a dance of passion. Both of us quickly losing control.

You pull away from me, standing and taking my hand, drawing me to my feet. You lead me around the table to stand in front of the fire, pulling me into your arms, we start to sway with the music. As close to dancing as you get. You slide your hands up and down my arms, raising goose bumps. I sigh, loving your touch, and turn m y head to kiss your chin, your neck. Reaching up to unbutton a couple buttons, sliding my mouth down to your collar bone. Hearing your breath catch, loving how I affect you.

I run my fingers up your back, under your shirt, lightly kneading the muscles there, hearing you moan in pleasure at my touch. Easing your shirt the rest of the way out of your waistband and running my fingers up and down your sides and chest. Flicking your nipples on occasion just to feel you start. Grinning at your reaction.

You chuckle lightly, tipping my face up to you with a finger under my chin. You say, "Are you enjoying teasing me?"

I smile at you and say, "Ah baby, I'm not teasing you. Every touch and kiss is a promise of more to come."

With that you stop moving, pulling me up on my toes and kiss me passionately. Delving into my mouth with your tongue, starting a new dance between us. I wrap my arms around you, trying to get closer to you. Wanting to become a part of you. We both groan, hands beginning to roam frantically. Your touch causing me to burn. Igniting a fire in me that would never go out. You press your hands to my sides, just under my breasts, thumbs just brushing the underside, driving me slowly insane.

"Michael, please, please! I need you now!"

You rumble your pleasure deep in your chest, turning me away from you, my back pulled tightly to you, you kiss my neck as your hands roam up and down my body. Tracing over my hips, stomach, breasts. Following the neckline of my dress, sliding the straps down over my arms, the only thing holding up the bodice is my nipples.

You pinch them, tweaking them, causing me to moan. I lean my head back giving your lips better access to me, wrapping my arms around your hips, stroking your thighs. I can feel your cock pressed up against my ass. Your hips gently thrusting against me. You continue to kiss and nibble my neck and shoulders while one hand massages my breasts, the other sliding down my stomach to stroke my pussy through my dress. You can instantly feel how wet I am as I soak your finger through my dress. 

"Yes baby, oh god I can't believe how wet you are!" 

You bite down on my neck as you rub my clit, the material of my dress causing such a wonderful friction. I spread my legs just a little bit, seeking more from you. I reach behind me to cup your erection in my hand, stroking you through your pants.

Both of us needing each other desperately, you walk me forward to the easy chair in front of us, placing me with my knees on the arms and leaning over the back. You raise the skirt of my dress up over my hips to find me bare to your gaze. I look over my shoulder, smiling at you. "I do believe this is something you requested of me at one time." I say with a laugh.

You chuckle and say, "Oh yes baby, this is EXACTLY how I want you." 

You kneel down and start licking up my inner thighs, making me weak with passion. Your hands stroking up and down my thighs and ass. Softly smacking my ass now and then as your tongue finds it's way to my pussy lips, gently parting them, teasing them. You flick my clit ever so softly, causing me to jump and groan. Over and over again you flick and lick, making my pussy lips swell. You thrust your tongue into me, fucking me with it, making me ride your tongue like I want to ride your cock. You reach up with one hand, pinching my nipples, the other hand working my clit. I suddenly explode, my orgasm coming out of nowhere. Your tongue lapping up my juices.

You quickly get to your feet, drop your pants and thrust your rock hard cock deep inside of me. Grabbing me by the hips and thrusting hard and fast. Fucking me like never before. Reaching around me to flick my clit, pinching it, making my orgasm roll on and on. Pulsing around your cock as you slam into me. You reach up with the other hand, grabbing a handful of hair, forcing me to arch my back, my breasts thrusting out.

I open my eyes and realize you can see our reflection in the window. With the candle light behind us, it is acting just like a mirror. You can see my every expression, can see the way my breasts bounce as you pound into me. My eyes meet yours in the window, my breath catches as I see the look of pure primal need in your face. You look vicious as you fuck me even harder. Your cock expanding inside of me.

And then, with a roar, you thrust into me one last time, cumming deep inside of me, pushing in as far as you can, your cock pulsing, shooting load after load of cum against my cervix, causing me scream as I cum yet again, my pussy milking your cock of every drop.

You collapse against me, our bodies sliding together down into the chair. You wrapped around me, fingers still on my clit, cock still in my pussy, the other arm wrapped tight around my stomach, holding me close to you.

As we lay there catching our breaths, you say, "Shanna, this was a wonderful surprise. Thank you."

I look at you over my shoulder and say, "Oh Michael, the night is only just beginning."

...to be continued