 New Beginnings: Happy Birthday Baby! 

The sun is shining through the blinds covering the bedroom window. The room is quiet even in the late morning hours leading close to noon. The bedroom door bangs off the wall as he enters the room holding a tray full of breakfast items and signing, "Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you." 

There is no movement or response from the lump of a body laying in the bed with the blankets wrapped around it. All you can see is a curve here and there and some long dark blonde hair splayed over the top of the bed. 

"Hey Baby, wake up. Wake up Birthday Girl." She doesn't budge. 

"Do I have to kiss you awake? You know I have my ways. My special training, don't make me use it Leigha." 

"Leigha, wake up, it's your birthday." Matthew leans in to kiss the woman in his bed good morning and happy birthday. She grunts, pulls the cover over her head, and rolls over. 

She peeks out from under the cover, sticks out her tongue at him and says, "I want to sleep through my birthday." 

"Not happening, now sit up; I made you a birthday breakfast." 

In her best pouty voice, she says, "No, I don't want to." 

Matthew tries to sound commanding, but he can't hold back the laughter in his voice as he says, "Ok, Leigha Andrea Walsh, you asked for it, now you're in trouble, prepare for your punishment." 

Putting down the breakfast tray, he jumps on the bed, straddles her thighs and starts tickling her. She's laughing, yelling at him, and trying to get out from under the cover that is now tangled all around her. She is begging him to stop as she finally gets out from her tangled web of a blanket. 

Leigha opens her eyes with a smile. There is nothing better than being woken up by a good looking man. Especially, a good looking man that is half naked and carrying a breakfast tray. 

"Happy Birthday baby. Do you know how sexy you look when you are just waking up in the morning?" 

A sleepy light laugh escapes from Leigha. He looks down at her, giving one of his "oh, you don't believe me looks," with his eyebrow raised and only the right side of his mouth giving her a half smile. She knows that look and she knows what coming next. 

Matthew moves the tray on to the bedside table and sits on the side of the bed. "What, you think I'm lying? You know I don't lie to you." 

He reaches over and gently brushes back a stray lock of hair from her face. Playing with the curled lock of dark blonde hair, he looks directly into Leigha's eyes. A complete stillness takes over the room, complete silence as he just plays with her hair and stares into her eyes. The same beautiful emerald green eyes that he has been waking up to almost every day for the past two years. Gently, he strokes her cheek with his fingertips. He follows her cheek down her jaw line to her chin and stops. 

Slowly, he lifts her chin to look at him. It's hard to look at him when he has such love in his eyes. She didn't want to hurt him, but she knows she did and that hurts her just as much. 

Matthew leans in and gently kisses her mouth. He starts slowly at first, gently touching her lips. He kisses her top lip and pulls back, just an inch or two. He kisses her bottom lip and again pulls back. All the while keeping eye to eye contact. Pulling back a little he smiles, not his usual "I'm happy or I'm excited" smile, but a simple, "I'm here for you smile and I love you no matter what" smile. 

Tears start to form in Leigha's eyes. How can she do this to this man? The man she has been with for almost three years. The man she has practically been living with for the last two years. The man, who loves her, cares about and for her, the man who was there for her during the worst time of her life. The man who held her for hours as she cried inconsolably after getting the call from her sister, telling her their father had died. How can she just make a decision that changes everything? 

Still looking directly into her eyes, he smiles again. It's a sad smile, it doesn't reach his beautiful eyes, but he is trying. Trying his best for her; he would do anything to make her happy and if leaving makes her happy, than he wants it for her. 

"No tears." It is said tenderly, but he is definitely using his command voice. His "you better do as I say because I'm not putting up with any crap" voice. 

He leans in and kisses her hard. His kiss is hot and full of promise. He stokes her lips with the tip of his tongue. He kisses her bottom lip and sucks it into his mouth, slowly stroking his tongue back and forth over the soft puffy lip. He pulls back to look at her and tears are slowly flowing from the outer sides of her eyes as she lays flat on her pillow. They leave little rivers running down her temples and collect in her hair line, making her hair a little wet where they pool. 

Gently, he wipes the tears away. "I said no tears and I meant it. Now cut the shit." Leigha bites back her tears and gives him a weak smile. 

"I'm sorry." 

He kisses her again, this time a little longer, gently exploring her mouth with his tongue. He stops and looks into her glistening tear filled eyes; they are like wet emeralds staring back at him. He feels a sudden sense of loss, a real punch in the gut, lose your breath loss. 

Quickly, he pushes it down and hides it. Thinking to himself, Keep it together buddy, we both can't lose it! If you show any sign of pain or disappointment, she is going to go to pieces. It's her birthday; make it a day to remember for all the right reasons. 

With that thought firmly in his mind, he kisses her again. "No reason to be sorry, baby. Just cut the waterworks and let's enjoy your birthday." With that said she wipes her eyes and gives him her best "come hither, big boy" look. 

Matthew looks at her and decides the only way to turn this around is "play time". "Now let me think, what I can give you to start your birthday off right?" He gives her a look that would have most women tearing off their panties and jumping his bones. Luckily for her, she's not wearing panties. 

His normally dark brown eyes darken, almost blacken. He tilts his head to the side to size up the situation at hand and make a plan. He squares off his broad shoulders, he's focused and ready now. He has his plan of attack made. As soon as he gives her that look, she knows she is in trouble. 

One way or the other, Matthew is going to get what he wants. And right now, he wants her. Smiling at her, never losing eye contact, he says, "Sorry baby, breakfast will have to wait." 

He leans in, kissing her temples where the streaks of dried tears go down her face. Follows the path to her ears and kisses her earlobes. Sucking one into his mouth, he slowly plays with it with his tongue. He knows what will make her wet, what will make her cry his name; beg him to give her what she wants, what she needs. Leigha shifts her body a little as a shudder of pleasure shoots through her. 

He laughs, whispering in her ear, "remember what I'm doing to your earlobe baby, it will prepare you for what I plan on doing as I work my way south." 

Leigha gasps a breath as another warm pulse is sent through her body and targets the core of her sex. Immediately, she feels warmth between her legs and the beginning of pulsating beat at her sexual core. 

Matthew sucks her earlobe back into his mouth and starts to repeat his torture. He sucks on her earlobe, tickles his tongue back and forth over it, nips her lobe with his teeth and starts over again. Suck, tongue, nip; suck, tongue, nip; he then works his way down the side of her neck. Stopping for a moment he looks at her, her beautiful emerald eyes are still glistening, but not with tears. 

Leigha is entering her space, she is preparing her mind and her body for what is about to come next. He loves when she is in her space during sex, she is so relaxed, so at ease, so not her everyday self. That's when she gives herself to him, is truly his, his to do with what he wants. Not that he would ever do anything to hurt her or cause her pain. At least not pain that she couldn't convert into pleasure. 

Looking at her, he smiles, thinking, at least I got rid of those tears. He continues to kiss her neck, slowly he moves down to her collar bone, tracing it with his tongue. 

Gently, he whispers to Leigha, "sit up baby; I want to take off your night shirt." 

He slides his arm behind her and helps her to sit up; he pulls her shirt from under her thighs and butt. He looks over her body as he continues to remove her shirt. She lifts her arms and he removes her night shirt completely and tosses it to the floor. Smiling down at her naked body, he remembers how it took months for him to talk her in to sleeping in just a night shirt. He tried for completely naked, but she wasn't having any of that. 

Her reason was if she needed to get out of the apartment quickly, she didn't want have everyone see her naked. He never laughed so hard. He remembered saying, "So it's ok if they see you with your panties off and your ass and sex exposed?" 

She just shrugged and with a willful expression on her face said, "I'm compromising, take it or leave it." 

"Is this a hard limit or do I have a chance of changing your mind and going naked?" 

She smiled at him and said "non-negotiable, at least for now." 

It was at that moment, he knew they would have fun, they would enjoy each other and they would be good together. He had found a woman who was willing to negotiate, compromise, and submit when required, but was no push over. She was her own woman and she was a challenge he was willing to take. 

Memory locked away, he slowly laid her back down. Leaning up on his arm he continued to examine her body. Nothing makes him happier than having complete access to her body. 

She fills his senses like nothing else. She smells like a mix of fresh cut grass and freshly cut citrus. She looks beautiful in jeans and a T-shirt and gorgeous in a cocktail dress. The sound of her voice is strong and confident, but calming and warm at the same time. Unless she is really pissed at him, then she speaks very quietly and responds with one or two word answers. He knows she is not happy with him at that point and he is glad those times are few and far between, because it is a lot of work getting himself out of those situations. 

Her feel is soft and feminine, but her touch is hot and sensual. No matter how, when, where or why she is touching him, she always makes him feel a sexual desire. He feels like her touch seeps a sexual desire through his skin and directly into his blood system. It's like no other touch he has ever felt. 

He starts his gaze over from top to bottom. He needs to make a mental picture so he will never forget his Leigha, not that he ever could or would. He loves her dark golden blonde hair with its natural flips and waves. She doesn't dye it or highlight it like most women her age; it remains a beautiful dark golden blonde with all shades of blonde streaking through it, especially in the summer sun. He reaches out and plays with a small mass of hair draping over the pillow. 

Looking down her body he watches the pulse in her neck. Leaving her hair he starts to kiss at the site of her pulse. His hand continues to glide down her skin, across her chest, his fingers trace her collar bone to down to where it meets her breast bone. His kisses follow the path of his fingers. He looks at her breasts and they are perfect in his eyes. They are just large enough to completely fill his hand. 

Firm and yet soft at the same time, he loves how the skin of her breast is lighter than the areas of her body that are exposed to light every day. It makes them stand out. It makes him feel special because he is the only one who gets to see them, touch them, suckle them. 

He loves how her areola gets a darker shade of pink when she is excited, how her nipple gets even darker. He slowly traces around her left areola, gently encircling it several times before he gets his desired response, it darkens and her nipple rucks. 

Immediately, he feels himself harden, he can feel his blood pulsate to his cock. Her effect on him is immediate, it always has been. He wants her, needs her. He continues to massage and play with her left breast as he takes her right one in his mouth. He starts circling her nipple again, this time with his tongue. He flicks his tongue across her nipple, left to right, right to left, encircling it over and over again. 

Leigha moans and starts to arch upward to meet his tongue and mouth with greater force. Matthew smiles, while still orchestrating his oral maneuvering over her breast. He sucks harder and harder until she cries out. 

"Matthew, oh God, Matthew." Her voice is full of desire. 

He slows down and releases her nipple as a small sucking and pop sound is heard from his mouth. She grabs his head from behind, pushing him down, "don't stop baby, please, don't stop now. It feels so good, please don't stop yet." 

He laughs lightly then resumes his maneuvers. He glides his hand down over her abdomen it's mostly flat with a soft little bump just above her pubic area. She is fit but no defined muscles sticking out, his girl is womanly. Her abdomen, ass and thighs are firm enough, but soft and curvy so there is no question that she is all women. She is comfortable with her body and that makes her sexier in his mind. God only knows that he is comfortable with her body. Any man would want to take her to bed and make love to her. Often! 

His hand continues to make its way over her lower abdomen to her sex. His mouth leaves her breast and intermittently kisses or nips its way down the path his hand just left. 

He stops. Leaning up on his left arm he watches her response. She sighs. He lifts his head and looks up at Leigha's face, she is flushed and biting the right side of her lower lip. He loves when she does that. It's a habit she does when she is nervous, worried, or excited. Right now, she is a little of all three. 

His cock is pulsating and he rubs it against the side of her thigh, thinking it would give him a little relief, he's so wrong. He becomes harder and is standing firm and at full attention now. He swears he has never been this hard before. 

Leigha moans and gives out a little cry as she reaches down to stroke his hard cock against her leg. Matthew closes his eyes, takes a deep breath and swallows. Leigha continues her light strokes, but as she goes to encircle the shaft of his cock with her hand, he gentle removes it. 

"Not yet baby, you keep that up and I'm not going to be able to complete my mission." He presses the palm of his hand over her pubic area, making circular motions with the base of his palm. He lightly strokes the pads of his forefinger and center finger down her labia and slowly drags his nails lightly back up. Front to back, back to front, he stokes her like this for a few minutes while he watches her try not to wiggle. 

Her arms are tensed, every visible muscle in her body is contracting and by the look of things, those that are not visible are also contracting. She is at her limit. But, she knows if she shows any sign of sexual stress or wanting he will drag it out longer and prolong her need. 

How well they know each other and yet, they always seem to find something new, something exciting to keep each other stimulated and happy. He will miss that. He will miss her, maybe more than he thought possible. He strokes her labia again and she bucks, arching her pelvis up to meet his touch. 

He smiles and mockingly asks, "Is there something wrong baby? Is there something you want? Something I can help you with?" 

His smile is bordering on sardonic, but his touch remains light and his words are teasing and frustrating at the same time. Leigha moans out a few words, they are almost incomprehensible because she is so tightly wound with desire. 

Pretending not to hear her, Matthew responds, "I'm sorry baby, I didn't hear you. Did you say something?" 

Smiling at her discomfort and knowing she is about to beg, he continues to stroke her labia but now, he adds to her frustration by leaning over her and gently blowing on her pussy. 

She arches up, crying out, "No more teasing Matthew please!" 

"Please what baby? Please stop? Are you asking me to stop? Just say the word and I will stop baby, you know I will. Do you want me to stop?" 

His eyes are dark like the blackened midnight sky, his breathing has increased and he feels like his heart is going to fall out of his chest anytime now. But he maintains control over his need and so far, over his cock. 

Leigha's response is segmented, her voice deep and husky and she tries to breathe and speak at the same time. "No, Matthew. Don't stop, just get on with it! Please just do it, I need you to do it, now!" 

He is on the cusp of losing it himself, but still he has the need to hear her ask for it, to tell him what she wants, to beg him for what she needs. He won't give "it" to her until she begs him and she knows it. 

"What do you want baby? Tell me and it's yours. You know what you have to do. Now just do it and I'll give you what you want." His breathing and heart rate quicken. His touch becomes firmer and he sinks one finger into her folds just to push her to submit. 

She cries and starts to beg him, "Please Matthew, please touch me, please lick me, please make me come." 

He smiles, he got what he wanted and now it's time to give her what she wants. "My pleasure baby, my pleasure" with that said, he sinks two fingers into her folds and starts stroking her. Matthew makes sure he touches every crease, every crevice of her pussy until she is bucking wildly to achieve more pressure. 

"I need to come Matthew, please let me come." She begs. 

He quickly slides his fingers into her vaginal opening. She is so wet and silky he almost comes just from the feel of her on his fingers. Her sexual scent is driving him crazy. His cock is pulsating and he knows he needs to enter her soon. While he increases the speed and pressure of his fingers fucking her, he places his mouth over her clit and finishes her off the way he started on her earlobe. 

He takes her clit in his mouth and orchestrates his maneuvers, suck, lick, nip, suck, lick, and nip. He continues over and over, never missing a beat with his fingers as he feels Leigha tighten around his digits. He feels her need as she bucks her pelvis upward into his face. He ensures that there is no space between his mouth and her clit as he continues with his sucking. 

As he changes his mouths position, he places his lips tightly around her clit and rapidly pulls and sucks her clit without stopping. She is wild now. She is bucking her pelvis, clenching the muscles of her sex walls, and crying out. 

"Matthew, Matthew, Oh God, Matthew!" and with that she comes. Her secretions soak his fingers, his mouth, and his chin. He removes his fingers from her but continues to lick her softly until she slows her movements and her moans cease. She is slow to come down from her orgasm. 

Before she levels out completely, he whispers, "spread your legs for me baby." 

She tries, but she can't seem to move them. "I can't." Her voice is quiet and far off sounding. 

"Here baby, let me help you." Matthew gently spreads her legs and strokes her inner thighs. Looking up, he sees her eyes are open, but definitely glazy. 

"Are you with me baby? I need to know that you're still with me baby. Leigha, answer me." 

She barely nods her head. Matthews voice changes. He is slightly louder, but not yelling. He is definitely using what Leigha calls his "command voice." 

"Leigha, I need you to answer me. Leigha, I need to hear your words. I am not going to fuck you if you're head isn't in the right place. Are you with me Leigha? Are you out of your sub space enough to know what's going on?" 
