 I take off my shirt and lay face down on the bed, arms out to the side, watching you get my moisturiser from the bedside table. I get you to unsnap my bra clasp and clumsily remove it, dropping it next to the bed.

"Back and neck first?" you ask, and I nod. 

You clamber onto the mattress next to me and arrange yourself into a comfortable position, then flip open the lid of the moisturiser and squeeze some into your hands. I hear you rub your hands together then feel your hands start to apply a first coat onto my shoulder blades and run down my spine. This quickly becomes a routine, hands pressing down my shoulders to the small of my back then back up.

I'm feeling relaxed by the time you start working on my shoulders and neck, and almost don't notice your hands move to include my sides, from armpit to hip.

"How's this?" you ask. I murmur an encouraging sound, then clear my throat. "Feels good, really relaxing." I don't see the intent look in your eyes.

You resume the routine and I gradually become aware of your fingertips starting to brush the side of my breasts when working my sides, starting to slowly work my underwear lower on my ass, and starting to run over the top of my shoulders to the muscles above my breasts. I let out a small contented sigh and realise I like the light teasing touches you're using. Interrupting your rhythm, I fold my arms above my head and rest my cheek on my hands, increasing your access.

To my disappointment, you finish working on my back without any further advances. I start to think I was imagining things, attributing more to the sensual moves than was actually there, and just enjoy the relaxation. When you offer to work on my legs as well, I accept without hesitation.

You move to sit further down the mattress near my knees. I hear the lid of the moisturiser and then feel the cool liquid being applied to the back of my left thigh. My hamstrings are always tight from sport, so this will be a welcome relief. You work down my thigh, past my knee, down the calf to my ankle and back up, using firm movements to work out knots. I make a few small encouraging noises, but they're generally not necessary. You know what I like and where I get muscle tension. Once the majority of knots are worked out, you go back to relaxation techniques and I can relax.

I am aware of your hands moving, particularly on my thighs. I notice occasionally they move to the outside of my knee then up the leg, one stopping at the hem of my underwear and the other stopping short of my crotch. It almost seems like they're creeping higher, eventually stopping just short of being able to touch my sex through my underwear.

I'm acutely aware of the warmth growing between my legs at your touch. I bite my lip to prevent any possible inappropriate exhalations that will deter you, willing you to go just that tiny bit higher. Frustratingly you don't; continuing to tease, your hands stopping barely a finger-breadth away from the crease where my leg meets my crotch.

When I feel moisture begin to gather, you indicate for me to turn over and politely look away. I grab the towel and awkwardly turn over, trying to ignore how aroused I've become. I just hope my underwear doesn't show how wet I am getting.

As I settle on my back, you go back to work, paying particular attention to the knots on my shins. 'I must be getting worked up over nothing,' I think, although it doesn't make the scenario in my head any less erotic. 

You finish working on my shins and move up to my hamstrings. Here your hands follow their previous movements, finishing the mains muscle group before wandering to the outer sides and running up towards my sex. Your fingers lightly brush the edges of my pussy and involuntarily my legs part slightly, eyes tightly closed. My arousal is now unbearable, and I'm sure you can see and possibly feel the dampness in my underwear.

I feel embarrassed but before I can get up to end the massage, your fingers run over and down my mound through my underwear and I let out a low moan. They then slip under the fabric and one finger runs down my slit, eliciting a sharp gasp from me. I look up at your face and see lust in your eyes. You remove your finger then slide my underwear off my hips and down my legs, leaving them on the floor next to my bra.

I am acutely aware that I am now naked, a towel covering my breasts the only barrier to your eyes roaming my body. Feeling the mattress move, open my eyes to see your face in front of me and feel your lips press against mine. I kiss you back, touching your tongue with mine, and nipping your lower lip.

Your mouth moves down my face, biting me hard on the neck and then sucking softly on a spot on my collarbone. Your hands are tracing the outline of my breasts through the towel. I arch my back and mew with pleasure and you take that as encouragement to remove the towel and trace the same pattern on my bare skin. 

You tease both nipples into hardened nubs, ignoring my gasps, and then pinch one as you take the other in your mouth. My hands bury into your hair, holding your head in place, my face flushed with desire and mind racing with incoherent thoughts.

While your mouth continues to suck and bite one nipple, your hand releases the other and teases its way down my stomach to spread my legs. One finger runs down my wet slit again then parts my folds and touches my now sensitive clit, making me buck under your mouth and hand. 

I'm pretty sure I'm letting out small noises and sharp inhalations as your fingers strum my pussy. You moan as well, and it is at this point that I work out how turned on you are by what you're doing to me.

You start kissing your way down my abdomen and stomach towards where your hands are pleasuring me. I spread my legs and start moving my hips with your hand movements. As you remove your fingers I moan, "Oh god", and I moan again as you use your tongue to explore where your hands have just been. One of my hands drops to grab a handful of your hair and the other reaches up to play with my own breasts.

Your tongue is making lazy circles around my clit and occasionally does a long slow lick along length of my pussy. As my hips move faster and the noises I make become more urgent, you decide to take pity on me, pushing your tongue into me and probing deeply, repeatedly.

You then replace your tongue with a finger and rhythmically slide it in and out of me, using your mouth to suck and manipulate my clit. My legs start to shake, it feels so good and I'm not sure how much longer I can take it. I have both hands in your hair, gripping your head in place. Funny, I don't even remember doing that.

I feel your finger curl up inside me, searching for my sweet spot. Your mouth is still working on my clit and I am moaning non-stop. I gasp that I am about to cum and you press your face in to me just that little bit harder, sending me over the edge. I buck under your mouth, hips pressing into the bed and chest thrusting upwards. It feels like I crest the orgasm forever, although I know this is partly because you continue to pleasure me as I thrash under your ministrations. Gradually you slow then still your mouth and hands, then give my pussy a last gentle lick before sliding your finger out of me and raising yourself off the bed.

As I lay there recovering, I try to slow my breathing back to normal. You've moved back into a sitting position next to me; your erection is visible pressing against your zip. Eventually I manage to roll to my side, and nodding towards the swollen bulge in your pants I ask "Anything you want massaged?"