 As Briley thumbed through the costume magazine, she could feel the energy of the season surging through her veins. Being her favorite season of all times, Briley always went the extra mile to dress for Halloween. Last year, with the introduction of Captain Jack Sparrow to the big screens, she had dressed so perfectly as Johnny Depp that it took over half the night for anyone to realize that the famous Captain was, in fact, a woman.

This year was no different. At the beginning of every September, Briley would order the latest costume catalogue, then eagerly await its arrival. As soon as it landed in her mailbox, Briley would start thumbing through it looking for this year's invention. Sometimes she ordered straight from the company, other times, she used the catalogue merely for an idea.

As it did each year, Briley's mind started wandering as she absently flipped through the pages. She thought about her costumes of receding years past: a sexy firefighter wearing only a fireman's jacket that barely covered her ass; a police woman, with an actual uniform borrowed from her sister-in-law; the Scream character, with a nearly sheer black bodysuit and signature cape; a nurse with too-short a lab coat; and silent film funnyman Charlie Chaplin even, when she was 20. She won numerous awards for the latter, including $500 cash. And, because she was silent the entire night, noone knew who it really was.

"Maybe I should be a mermaid," Briley thought aloud. "Or hmm, maybe a Playboy bunny." Her face twisted in thought. "I could do a mechanic, or a bikini model..."

As she was thinking, Briley looked at the invitation to her cousin's Halloween party. She and her cousin, Brittany, always threw the best parties. They'd dress up Brittany's parents' mansion to the top degree, complete with a Frankenstein host, always played by their mutual friend, caskets, a hearse parked out front, cobwebs, strobe lights–– everything! Briley couldn't wait until the night before Halloween, to head out there to decorate. Between the two of them, they already had all the decorations, most of the food, and the music. And Halloween was a week and a half away!

Briley's mind was on auto-pilot until she neared the end of the inch-thick catalogue. "Of course!" she yelled out loud, her mind suddenly sharp and focused. "It's sexy, fun, flirty, a little overdone in years past, but I'm sure I could spruce it up just a bit. Ah, it's perfect!" She ripped the page from the catalogue, and without even looking through the rest of the costumes, grabbed her keys and purse and headed to the local costume shop.

October 31.

The driveway to the Keegan Mansion was lined with a dozen tiki torches and a strand of Halloween garland draped between each one. A large, hairy spider with glowing red eyes hung from the gated archway to greet visitors. As Briley drove through, her eyes took in the rest of the decorations set up by her and Brittany the previous night.

The fountain, turned off for the winter, contained a small tilted platform inside it, with enough dry ice flowing over the edge, forming a thick layer of fog cascading down the yard. It also had some faux spider webs "spun" along the stone. The old-fashioned box hearse was parked in front of the front door of the mansion, eclipsing it from the fountain.

Bats ran on fishing line from tree to tree, mechanically swinging back and forth at various speeds and heights. One bat was even rigged to swoop down on unsuspecting guests as they arrived. In another half hour or so, strobe lights would come on and alternating Draculas would jump out from behind the bushes that stood guard at the front door, and a mummy would raise from the back of the hearse.

As Briley parked her Chevy Silverado along the half mile-long tree-lined drive leading up to the Keegan Mansion, she looked around the yard, taking in the spooky decorations. A thrill of pleasure coursed through her body. The image she shared with her cousin was illuminated perfectly in the spacious front yard. 

Finally, taking a deep breath to calm her nerves, Briley let herself inside her cousin's house since the Frankenstein greeter hadn't yet arrived.

"Oh. My. GOD!" Briley laughed as Brittany's shrill scream filled the hallway. "Girl, you look GREAT! NOone is going to know who you are!"

"Let's hope not," Briley replied, sliding her arms around her cousin's lithe frame. "You look pretty hot yourself, Miss Spiderman. That bodysuit does wonders for you."

Brittany blushed and Briley laughed, then took her cousin's arm and pulled her to the kitchen. "C'mon, Brit, we need to get the food made."

~*~*~*~

Ninety minutes, and a million hor devours later (it seemed), Briley exited the kitchen into the parlor, where the party was hopping. The room, naturally dark wooded and decorated year round in crimson red, added to the festivities. The lighting was dim and a disco ball hung from the center of the room, spinning its light awkwardly on walls and guests alike. Music alternated from bump-and-grind to Halloween, and sometimes a combination of both simultaneously.

Frankenstein now stood inside the front door, adjacent to a casket. As guests passed the casket, Frank pushed a button and another mummy popped up, this one headless and bloody. A long table contained juice, alcohol, varying sodas, candy, caramel and candied apples, and more. Various other decorations lined the room, which joined the dining room when the doors were open, as they were, and guests were arriving by the minute. Briley's spirits were high, and her grin was permanent.

Walking over to the refreshment table, Briley picked up a glass of punch then walked over to Frankenstein to say hi.

"That must be Briley," he stated in his low, gravelly voice. Briley grinned then threw her arms around her friend Andrew. In character, Andrew hugged her back stiffly.

"Go get lucky," she whispered in his ear before he set her down. The thick makeup he wore prevented him from smiling, but Briley saw it in his eyes. "You've already got her pegged, don't you?"

Frankenstein grunted, affirmatively. Briley took a minute to fully scan the crowd. She picked out three girls who might've interested Andrew, then turned back to him. 

"Is it the senorita?" Stiffly, Andrew shook his head. Briley's face twisted in thought, deciding between the last two. "Then it's Bo Peep," she said after a full minute. Again, Frankenstein grunted his answer. Another grin filled Briley's face.

"Good luck, Frank," she added, then took a sip of her punch and went off to the ladies' room. As she stood and looked at herself in the mirror, she was pleased to see that her hair and makeup were just as she applied it. Her shoulder length auburn locks were frizzed and sprayed to death. Einstein meets Carrot Top, Briley thought to herself.

Her eyes slowly scanned her face. The gray paint hadn't faded nor cracked, and the putty she used to give herself the appearance of being bloated remained in tact. She'd done a good job adding the veins and scars, too, having them puffed up and over exaggerated. Briley had done a lot of research, poring over picture after picture of people who had fatally fallen victim to electrocution.

Her eyes traveling lower, Briley saw that the french maid uniform she wore fit perfectly. The tight fitting, black bodice was a low-cut, off the shoulder number, and the attached skirt hit her mid-thigh. However, with the white petticoat beneath, it was pushed slightly higher. 

Smiling, Briley fluffed the puffed sleeves a bit more, straightened the white apron, and slowly turned. The seam of the fishnet stockings she wore was perfectly straight, up the backs of her legs. The patent leather, six-inch strappy shoes she wore topped off the outfit. 

Facing the mirror once again, Briley gave herself one last once-over. She was pleased at what the fishnets did to her tanned thighs. "If I were a man, I'd ravage me in a second," she muttered, then giggled. She picked up the feather duster she'd carried into the bathroom and attached it at her hip.

~*~*~*~

After another hour, the party was going, full-blown. The music was loud; the adjoining parlor and dining room, decently crowded. As Briley scanned the room, her eyes stopped on an interesting character. Immediately she felt a warmth pool in her abdomen. She walked right up to him.

"Wanna dance?" she yelled over the music. Guy Fawkes nodded.

Briley took his hand and led him to the dance floor, pushing their way to the middle of the crowd. She slid her arms around the man's neck, inside his cape, and he slid his around her waist. They moved slowly, despite the beat of the fast music.

When Briley was sure she wasn't going to back out, she slid her hands down the man's chest, down lower over his abs, and stopped only when she reached his pants. Eyes locked on his, she quickly unzipped his zipper, reached inside, and started stroking his softened cock.

She thought she saw his eyes grow large with surprise behind his mask, but if they did, it didn't last long and he didn't back away. If anything, his arms tightened around her. With renewed courage, Briley pulled the man's cock from his slacks. As she slid her left leg up his right, he stuffed the edge of his cape in his left hand, then held Briley's thigh.

As they moved, she felt the cape hit her ankle and suddenly worried that someone would see that she was only dancing on one foot. Something in this masked man's eyes, though, told Briley all she needed to know: his cape swept the floor.

When his hips jerked slightly in her hand, Briley led the man's cock to her warm, wet pussy. She slid the head beneath her petticoat, so designed by Briley that it was crotchless, and wet it with her juices. Then she slid his head up to her clit, and started grinding to the beat of the music. With each bump, his head massaged her clit and sent vibrations of pleasure through her toned body.

As they stood nearly still, Briley became wetter, and Masked Man's cock became harder in her hand. When she knew she was wet enough, Briley slid the man's head into her hole, gasping as he penetrated her fully. She bump-and-grinded on him until he was buried to the hilt, then stood there on one leg, gasping. Her eyes never left his.

Soon, Briley wasn't aware of anything but her throbbing pussy and the cock filling it. Mentally shaking her head, Briley started moving against him. She felt, rather than heard, his soft gasp, and she kept going. Her thigh slammed into his as she repeatedly thrust against him, and his left arm tightened around her back simultaneously.

The masked man stretched her nearly perfectly, and Briley had a hard time not coming right then. Her clit ground against his pelvic bone with each thrust, and his head buried inside her deeply. Briley let a moan escape, then, realizing that noone would hear her, let another one. The hand holding her leg slid towards the inside, and the thumb found Briley's clit. When it pressed against it and started rubbing in hard, small circles, Briley surrendered.

She buried her face against the man's chest and screamed, her muscles grabbing his cock, his thumb relentless on her clit. Her whole body shuddered as she climaxed, and she heard another grunt coming from him.

When she raised her head, Briley's vision was blurred yet she clearly saw the lust in this man's eyes. His hand returned to the back of her thigh and tightened around it. Briley's hips continued grinding against him, keeping him buried inside her. Slowly the music came back to Briley, and she heard a popular fast song.

As the beat picked up, the man's two hands slid to Briley's ass, cupped it, then pulled her up off the floor. Automatically, her thighs went around his waist and her ankles locked behind him. Briley slid her arms back around this man's neck, and he started grinding her on his cock.

He moved her up and down, and to any onlooker, it merely looked like they were dancing to the song. Briley hunkered down inside his cape, burying her face against his chest to moan. God help me if the music suddenly dies, she thought. The man's cock slammed into her, and on each downward thrust, her engorged clit hit his pelvic bone. The shudders that reverberated through her body were enough to send her close to the edge a second time.

When the man's hands started kneading Briley's ass, she shuddered again and let out a high pitched whimper. Her pussy muscles worked his cock furiously, begging to drink the sticky, hot stream that would flood it.

In a move that surprised Briley, the man slid a finger along his cock, penetrating Briley's pussy too. The sensation made Briley gasp then cry out. She'd never had a thick cock and finger inside her. It was incredible.

Briley almost cried out in protest when the man removed his finger, but quickly understood why, as it slid into her ass. His finger went to the first knuckle, and with her soft begging, slid quickly past the second, then finally all the way in. Briley's two holes were filled. She was on a euphoric high.

As she felt her orgasm nearing, Briley's fingers dug into the man's shoulders. She pulled herself up and down, furiously grinding on his cock. When the man easily slid a second finger into Briley's ass, she closed her eyes and came hard. She didn't even have time to bury her face in his chest this time, and though she cried out loudly, she didn't care that anyone might hear.

As her muscles constricted and contracted around the man's cock, he started lowering her until she stood on one leg again. Once she was shakily standing, he grabbed her ass and almost angrily pulled her to him, then, with a shout of his own, he came hard. Briley trembled around him as he shot his seed into her. She also trembled as she felt the first drops of their combined juices dripping down her inner thigh.

The man pounded into her a few more times, emptying his load. He held her until she felt steady enough to stand on her own two feet, then slowly opened her eyes to look up at him. His eyes were smiling behind the mask, she could see, and there was a hint of... of what? Mischief? Briley couldn't tell.

She felt the man grow soft, then wiped his cock as best she could with her hand. She smiled softly as she felt him twitch, then tucked his cock back inside his slacks and zipped them up. Giving a much more grateful smile, Briley straightened out her skirt and petticoat, stepped back from the masked man, and bowed slightly. She then headed off the dance floor, hoping her legs didn't look as wobbly as they felt.

Briley headed towards the refreshment table again and gulped down a glass of punch. She was suddenly parched. And though her eyes scanned the dance floor, she saw no signs of the mysterious masked man. Brittany, she thought. Brittany would know.

She headed to the kitchen to find her cousin. She saw her talking to a group of people and waited patiently until her cousin was free. She didn't have to wait long.

"Hey, Cuz, enjoying the best bash of the year?" Brittany asked as she prepared more apples for a caramel bath.

"Yeah, we outdid ourselves this time." 

"Oh, I know! This year has got to be the best yet!"

"Definitely," Briley agreed. "Say, do you know who Guy Fawkes is?"

"Yeah," Brittany replied easily, dipping apples into caramel and nuts. "It's my dad. Why?"

"Oh, no reason," Briley responded, with––she hoped––more nonchalance than she felt. "He's just a really good dancer."

~*~*~*~

Thank you for taking the time to read my story. I hope you found it as enjoyable to read as I did to write. If you liked it, feel free to leave comments. If you didn't like it and thought I could improve something, I welcome constructive criticism also. I try to respond to each feedback I receive, so don't hesitate to tell me what you thought!

Happy Halloween! Be safe and merry.

-Blondie