 "Damnit Kit, if you don't move your ass, we're gonna be late."

"I'm coming, I'm coming! Jeez, you're the one who's dragging me to this damn thing. I don't even work at this place. Why do I have to go to a stupid holiday party?" I screamed from the next room, where I was trying to remember where I put my other shoe.

"Well I just got this job and I want my boss to like me. He's such a hottie. He's bringing a friend of his and he said I should bring a friend, so I figured bringing the hottest friend I have is the perfect way to get in good with the boss."

"Thanks Jana, it's nice to know that you're using me so you can get into your boss's bed. I'm so glad I can sacrifice my body for the greater good. AHA!" I screamed as I finally spotted the shoe, trapped under the pile of clothes that Jana had thrown everywhere in her attempt to look her best. Just figures that she want us to be early and she's the reason we're late.

I grabbed my purse off the bed and as I ran to the door, did a quick check in front of the floor-length mirror I had by my door. In all my hurry, I'd actually managed to look decent. But then again, it's not hard when you got my sense of style. My body helps too. The blue halter cocktail dress hugged my curves in all the right ways and, although I wasn't as well- endowed in the breast department as Jana, I definitely knew how to flaunt what I had. I must admit that the dress was a bit scandalous. It dipped low in the front to reveal just the right amount of show-stopping cleavage and the slit up the side accentuated my best assets, my legs. I checked my hair in the mirror (not much could be done with the pixie cut I'd be sporting for the last few weeks) and headed out the door, to where Jana was officially having a cow.

When we walked into the party, I could tell that I was way out of my element. Here I was expecting a high class, coat and tie kind of event, and I ended up in a room full of people who were trying to look metropolitan. I could have come in my bathrobe and still been the best looking in the room.

Jana saw someone she knew and ran off, leaving me stranded in the Twilight Zone. I inched my way toward the buffet table and grabbed a drink. Then I headed outside onto the balcony. As usual, I'd let Jana use me for one of her crazy ideas.

I hadn't been standing out there long when I started to get a little cold. I turned to go back inside when I noticed a man watching me. I couldn't see his face because it was too dark where he was sitting but I knew he was looking at me. I decided not to go back inside because I'd have to walk by him to get there. I turned back around and stared out at the city lights.

"Hi, my name is Morris. You don't work with this office, do you?"

I knew it was the guy who had been watching me. I turned around to tell him to go away and stopped dead in my tracks. God, he was beautiful. I hesitated for a minute as I scanned him from head to toe. He definitely did not belong with this crowd. He must have been a friend of one of Jana's co-workers. He was tall, a lot taller than I am. I'm only 5'4," so he was atleast 6 feet. He had dark hair and dark eyes that seemed to look right through me. He was dressed in a black tuxedo and he was stunning. I think I drooled a bit. 

"Excuse me, are you ok?"

That's when I realized that I was staring. I shook myself out of my daze and answered him.

"Yea I'm fine. And no, I don't work here. I'm a friend of Jana Francis. My name is Katherine Daniels. Everyone just calls me Kit."

"Well Kit, you look a little cold. Would you like to come inside with me?"

I was freezing. Thats what I get for wearing next to nothing. I grabbed my drink off the ledge and let Morris lead me inside. Maybe this party wasn't going to be so bad after all...

Morris led me to a small room, off the main hallway that led to the party. It was decorated too so I assumed it was for people who wanted to get away from the mania of the party. No wonder it was deserted. Morris and I sat down on one of the couches and he got me another drink.

"So you work here," I asked him, when he came and sat down.

"Something like that," he said, smiling to himself. "You're very beautiful. I was surprised to see you here. I've never seen anyone as lovely as you. I guess that's why I was staring at you. That, and the fact that you're a bit overdressed."

I laughed and looked at him. "So are you. I didn't realize it wasn't this kind of party or I wouldn't have dressed up so much."

I was looking at him more and more intently during our conversation. The way his hands moved when he talked, the way his lips moved... I was going to have my fun tonight.

"You know, you were right. I do feel a bit overdressed. I'm gonna fix that." 

I got up and pulled my dress off, up over my head. I don't know what possessed me but I decided to wear my black lace garter set under my dress. I could tell Morris appreciated it. He didn't say anything but he got up and locked the door.

He came back over to me and we started kissing. God, his lips felt just as amazing as they looked. He let his hands wander all over me and I pressed by body against his. I wanted to feel more of him. I was frantic and I grabbed at his jacket, trying to get it off. He unbuttoned it and threw it on the floor. His shirt and tie followed shortly after. 

His body was amazing. Every muscle was defined and tone. I ran my tongue all over his chest, licking his nipples and in between every muscle. He was beautiful.

He obviously couldn't stand my being even partially clothed, because he threw me on the couch and started ripping at my underwear. The snaps on my garter belt would never work again and my panties were in shreds on the floor, right next to my bra. I liked that underwear and would have objected, but the words were gone from me when he buried his head between my legs.

I was in heaven. His tongue was long and thick and he pumped it in and out of me as he rubbed my swollen clit. I was so wet and he greedily lapped up all the juice that was flowing from my pussy. I needed something inside me and I guess he could see that because he forced two fingers deep inside me and I cried out in pain and pleasure. He fucked me fast with his finger and teased my clit with his tongue. 

I was so close and I could feel myself about to go over. I felt another finger push inside of me and I came instantly, bucking my pussy against his fingers and burying my face in the couch to muffle my screams. Morris finger me until my orgasm subsided and then his fingers slipped out of me. I opened my eyes and saw him standing in front of me, completely naked. If it was possible to be even more beautiful, he did it. 

I began to reach out to take hold of him, but he grabbed my hand and flipped me over. I felt the head of his cock against my pussy lips and I tried to push back onto him but he held my hips and wouldn't let me move. He just rubbed the head of his cock up and down my swollen lips, until I was begging him to fuck me. When I couldn't take it anymore, he slammed into me and buried himself deep inside me. I came instantly, my pussy contracting on his cock, and he started to fuck me as my orgasm continued.

He fucked me slowly at first, deep hard strokes, letting me feel the entire length of his cock moving inside me. I clenched my pussy muscles on his cock and he moaned my name over and over. Soon he was fucking me harder and faster, and I could feel his cock swelling inside me. I knew he was gonna cum and I begged him to fuck me harder.

He slammed into me over and over, and I could feel his strokes getting shorter and faster. Just as I expected, he whispered to me that he was gonna cum. I pushed him away and turned around, just in time to have him cum all over my tits. He just kept spurting over and over, and I could see his balls contracting as he milked every drop out of his cock. 

I licked the last drops of cum from the head of his cock and massaged his cum into my breasts, as he stood and caught his breath. Then I got up, pulled my dress over my head, pushed my destroyed underwear into my bag and left the room.

"Where have you been?!" Jana cried, as I walked back into the party. She was standing with a short man who I assumed was her boss. "I've been looking for you everywhere. I wanted you to meet my boss but it seems he ran off somewhere. This Rick. He works in the office next to mine."

I looked at Rick and we exchanged awkward hellos. So he wasn't the boss. I figured I'd better meet this guy and get it over with. Just as I was about to ask her a question, Jana squealed. "There he is!" she exclaimed. 

I turned around just in time to see Morris walk into the room with another, shorter version of Rick. Oh jeez. Jana bounded over to the doorway and chatted with them for a bit, leaving Rick and I to stand awkwardly in silence. 

"Kit, this is my boss friend Joe. And this is my boss, Morris Houser."

I chocked on the champagne I was drinking and turned around. Morris looked at me and winked. 

"Mr. Houser, this is my friend Katherine Daniels," Jana said. "Hello Kit," said Morris, smiling this time.

Jana looked puzzled. "How did you know her nickname was Kit?"

I looked back at Morris and grinned. "Let's just say we've met before."