 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me.




My coworker, Christine, had once threatened that, after a few happy hour drinks, she might just put a smooch on me. This went a little beyond our usual flirting, but I still never expected it was anything more than that. How wrong I was. Christine was a Landscape Architect with short, brown hair, a nice, full ass and substantial tits. We'd started at the company around the same time so, since we really didn't know very many of our coworkers, ended up becoming friends. As we'd gotten to know our new coworkers better, we still ended up hanging out a lot as a result of that initial bond.

One day after work, for a change of pace, a bunch of us went to happy hour at a bar we'd never frequented before. After a couple of hours and a number of drinks, Christine asked me where the restrooms were. I tried to explain, but it was complicated and we were both buzzed, so she asked me to please just show her. The restrooms were actually out of the way and behind a large closed door. I wondered if everyone else was just holding it or they'd found somewhere else to go. I went into the men's room and emptied my bladder while Christine, I assumed, did the same in the ladies' room.

When I came out of the men's room, I ran right into Christine in the little foyer. She'd clearly been waiting for me and, with no one else around, spread her arms out to me. I thought I was in for a little drunken hug, but she pressed her pelvis against me and stretched up to kiss me. My hands slid down to grasp her ass as our tongues darted into each others mouths. My cock grew rigid against her abdomen as we made out and I squeezed her ass. She broke the kiss after a minute or so to tell me that the ladies' room was empty. I caught her meaning right away and she led me through the door.

We moved immediately to the handicapped accessible stall, which was much larger than the others. Christine bolted the door and turned to me. She stretched to kiss me again while her hands went to work on my belt. I was running my hands through her short, dark hair while our tongues explored each other's mouths as she unzipped my slacks and let them drop to the floor. She caressed the bulge in the front of my briefs before lowering them, too, to the floor. My cock stood straight out, peeking from below my shirt tail, while Christine stroked it and cupped my balls. She gradually maneuvered around and sat on the toilet so that her head was at the level of my cock. Holding the base in the hand that had been stroking it while the other still caressed my balls, she wrapped her lips around the head and slid them down. I moaned softly and ran my fingers through her short hair as her mouth moved up and down my tool. She only sucked me long enough to ensure that I was fully rigid and that I was aware that she was no slouch when it came to cocksucking.

I had closed my eyes and leaned my head back when she removed her mouth from my cock and told me to sit as she stood up. I sat on the toilet seat while she stood before me and raised the front of her long skirt up to her waist. She wore black bikini panties, which I discovered to be quite damp as I rubbed my fingers over the front of them. I grasped both sides of her panties and slid them over her ass and down her legs, watching as her trim, brown bush was revealed. She stepped out of her panties and reached back to hang them on the hook on the back of the stall door while my middle finger explored her now uncovered slit. Her juices coated my finger as I slid it up into her before gently stroking her clit while my free hand was under the back of her skirt, massaging her bare ass.

She allowed me to stimulate her pussy briefly before she was ready to fuck, so I took my hands away from her pussy and ass, placing them on her hips and pulling her closer to me. Still holding her skirt up at her waist, she straddled me, lowering herself down as I guided my rock hard cock into her. We groaned in unison as she slid down on my tool and started to slowly ride me. Her boobs, still covered by her black shirt, sat right before my face so, as she was moving up and down, I pushed her shirt up above her breasts, exposing her black bra. I had frequently stared at her big beauties, hopefully pretty discreetly, and was anxious to see if they looked as I had so often pictured them. I caressed them first, feeling her hard nipples pressing against the thin black material and gently tugging them, before reaching back to unfasten her bra. As she continued to ride me, I raised the cups up to reveal her luscious tits, topped with large areolas and thick, hard nipples.

As I caressed the soft, smooth flesh, I brought my mouth down to lick and suck her hard nipples, losing myself in her tits while she humped my cock, gripping the railings on either side of us. I alternated licking each of her nipples and, gradually, ran my hands down over her waist and around to her ass. I squeezed and massaged her cheeks while licking and sucking her nipples as she continued to ride me harder and faster. Her pussy, which had felt incredible when I'd first slipped into it, was getting even hotter and more slippery the longer she rode me. Because it was also quite snug, I was beginning to feel the stirrings of an orgasm as a result of the incredible level of pleasure her pussy was providing. As her moaning got louder, I wondered what would happen if somebody was to walk in and was quite surprised that no one had yet.

I raised my head when it seemed as though she was right on the verge of cumming and watched the raw passion in her facial expressions before I couldn't help but drop my eyes back down to stare at her tits. They truly were more impressive than I had imagined and, while watching them bounce, I could feel my orgasm continuing to build. When Christine started to cum, she slowed her pace considerably and her tits ceased bouncing but I could feel her entire body trembling. Her breathing was harsh and she moaned softly until she finally went still, sitting on my hard cock. I started to play with her tits again as she was catching her breath and, once she opened her eyes and started to ride me again, I asked if she'd like to be taken from behind. She smiled and nodded, then continued to ride me for a few more minutes before climbing off of me. I stood and moved behind her, flipping her skirt up to reveal her bare ass as she bent over and leaned on the toilet.

I couldn't resist and had to squat down to kiss and nibble her ass while massaging it, before running my tongue from her pussy up between her cheeks and over her anus. My cock was throbbing so I stood again and guided it back into her pussy, easily sliding all the way in until my hips touched her ass. As I started to slide my cock in and out of her again, relishing the hot, slippery feel of her snug pussy, I noted that she reached one hand back between her thighs to caress her clit. Once I had a good rhythm going, I slipped my own hands around from her hips to cup her swinging tits, caressing the soft flesh and gently pinching her hard nipples. My orgasm continued to build, a bit more rapidly now that I was controlling the pace and I was no longer concerned with leaving her in the dust. As it got closer, I ended up releasing her succulent tits and taking her by the hips again, pulling her back against each of my thrusts.

I was savoring the feel of her pussy as my cock started to swell even more in anticipation of blasting a load deep into her. She was moaning softly with each thrust, but I wasn't expecting to get her there again and was selfishly just thinking of my own pleasure at that moment. I was watching her ass jiggle as my hips tapped against it until I finally exploded into her with a moan of pleasure. I kept fucking her as my load pumped into her and was pleasantly surprised when I felt her cum again before I'd finished. Once we were both spent, I pulled out and she straightened up, turning to make out with me again. Her skirt dropped down to cover her ass, but I still massaged it, relishing the feel but certain that this wouldn't be my last opportunity.

"Let's go someplace more comfortable," she whispered when she finally pulled her mouth from mine. We pulled our clothes back on, though I convinced her to go without her panties and let me hang onto them, then went back to the bar and excused ourselves. From there, we headed to her place for a sleepless, sweaty, passion-filled night.