 We tried to get together every month or so for either lunch or happy hour and tonight we met up for happy hour at this particularly comfortable bar – great food, good drinks and the bar usually wasn't overly noisy so it was easy to talk.

I'd flirted outrageously with this tall, funny, incredibly gorgeous man for months and he'd flirted back, but I hadn't been able to get a good feel for whether he'd let me push it to a physical thing. And I really wanted him between my sheets. We'd met through work and normally I wouldn't hit on someone I work with, but we don't really work "together". We'd had business lunches a couple of times then broke that personal, "after-hours" barrier by doing happy hours.

"Ok," he started, "what planet have you traveled to?!" as he reached out and touched my arm.

"Sorry." I said as his voice and touch snapped me back to the present and the noises of happy hour.

"Am I boring you this evening?"

"No, not at all." I said, "I was just...thinking." His eyebrow went up, he looked at me with a wry, half smile.

"Thinking? Thinking about what?" he asked.

"I was thinking of asking if you were going to eat that last mushroom. Yeah, that's it!" I said, then started again, "oh, I'm sure you're not interested in what I was really thinking." I said with a smile.

"You never know – I could be thinking the same things." He replied.

"You're thinking I can have that last mushroom then?" I asked as I forked it and brought it over to my plate and began to eat it.

"It'll cost if you want it." He joked.

"The mushroom? Or you?" I said, feeling the heat rise in my cheeks as I became much bolder than I'd been with him before.

"What do you think?" he asked, his eyebrow arched.

"Are you flirting with me kind sir?"

"No, not at all." He said and then paused. "Of course I am - you're funny, you tell great stories, your laugh is wonderful, you've a wicked sense of humor, you're downright nasty sometimes, and being around you makes me feel good." He explained.

"I bet I could make you feel good." I said in a low, throaty voice.

"I don't doubt that for a moment." he said, glancing at his watch. "Are you ready to go?"

"Oh, crap, we did it again, it's late." I said as I looked at my watch, grabbed my bag and got up to leave, pulling on my sweater.

He held the door open for me as we went out into the brisk night air. It was a beautiful clear night at the beginning of spring with just a touch of winter left in the air, the stars brightly shining and twinkling.

"My car's around back. What about yours?" I asked, watching my breath come out in clouds, pulling my sweater tighter around me.

"Next to yours actually – allow me to escort you to your car." He said.

"Why, thank you sir." I replied with a small curtsy.

We turned into a long, dark alley to get around to the back of the building where the cars were parked. There was a faint light in the alleyway coming from the parking lot lights. This would be one of those places I wouldn't be in if I were alone. Something about an alley that's dark, mysterious, with just a touch of danger has always intrigued me and I could feel that now, along with the sexual charge from being around this man. I felt my mind reeling with the thought of wanting to stop, push him against the wall and ravish him. The street was cobblestone and difficult to maneuver in my heels. He took my hand to help me balance as we walked along. 

"Oh shit," I said as we reached the halfway point in the alley. "My heel's stuck between two stones." I laughed and laughed as I tried to pull myself free, succeeding only in pulling my foot out of the shoe and onto the cold stones.

"See what I mean – you're too funny. Most women I know would be cussing up a storm if they were stuck - not laughing their asses off." He said.

"Well then don't just stand there laughing with me – help me get my shoe back!" I said as I knelt down to pull on my shoe, however, unsuccessfully.

He squatted down and pulled on my shoe several times with no luck. He gave it one final pull and out it came – and back he fell onto the stones flat on his butt.

"Oh shit," I said as I began to laugh even harder. 

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't laugh while you're sitting there on the ground, should I?" as I continued to laugh.

"No, you shouldn't." He began laughing as well.

He looked up at me, handing me my once stuck shoe. I gratefully accepted it and put it onto my now cold stocking foot. I grabbed his hands to help pull him up, although I'm sure he didn't need the help I just wanted to touch him again. He grasped both my hands firmly as he pulled himself up from the street. But he didn't let go when he was finally standing and neither did I.

Then he looked at me in a way I'd not seen before, pushed me back the few steps against the cold damp wall, next to a group of boxes stacked high and wide, the view of us blocked from the street, but not from the parking lot. He kept my hands in his, brought them to my side, pinned me against the wall, his body pressed into mine, my back pressed into the wall. He leaned down to me, his lips touching mine softly at first, then more urgently, our tongues tasting one another, gently exploring the other's mouth. As the kiss ended, I felt as though I was going to fall to the ground, my knees weak; my skin on fire.

"Wow." I said, breathlessly. "You have no idea how long I've wanted that."

"I bet I do - I've wanted it for a very long time, too." He said.

He let go of my hands, took my face in his hands and kissed me again. As we continued to kiss I ran my hands up his arms and onto his shoulders, around his neck, caressing the tender nape of his neck under his collar, my fingers softly touching the skin, throaty sounds coming from him telling me he was enjoying this. He stopped briefly, only to begin again on my neck, just under my ear, with gentle kisses down the side of my neck onto my collarbone, his tongue caressing the hollow in my neck. He pulled back slightly, my face still in his hands, his thumbs tracing the outline of my lips, my tongue peeking out, tasting his thumbs and wetting my lips at the same time. He looked at me again, the light in the alleyway catching his eyes, making them sparkle, a mischievous smile on his lips. He brought his lips back to mine again, softly, sensuously, one hand on my back, the other entwined in my hair. 

As we kissed, I could feel him against me, his cock growing hard. I reached to touch him, to caress him lightly, the fabric of his pants restraining his growing cock. He gave another of those low, throaty moans that lets you know you're doing all the right things. I slowly, gently, opened his belt, unzipped his pants and brought out his beautiful, hard cock. I stopped our kiss and turned him so that his back was against the wall. I looked up into his eyes, brought my hand to my mouth, licked the palm, grasped him firmly, and slowly slid his cock in and out of my hand as I watched the pleasure slide across his face. He leaned down again to kiss me, a slow, tender kiss. After a few minutes, I backed away slightly and knelt in front of him, my knees tender to the hard street below, all but my shoes hidden by the boxes. 

I took the very tip of his swollen cock into my mouth, my lips wrapped around the head, my tongue gently flicking the tender underside of his cock, the shaft firmly held in my hand. Ever so slowly, I took the rest of his cock into my mouth, wrapped my tongue around him like a snake wraps around a tree branch, taking more and more of him into my mouth until my nose was buried in his hair and the head of his cock touched the back of my throat. 

I took my time with this and hoped it would drive him crazy. I sucked him into my mouth again and again. At first very slow and deliberate; when I heard him get into a rhythm of moaning, I sped up, just a bit. Soon he was moaning loudly enough where, if there was anyone around, they would surely have heard him. I lightly massaged his balls as I sucked on his cock and the longer I did this, the louder he moaned. Soon, his hands grasped my head, his fingers in my hair. I suspected he was about to cum, so I backed away, holding just the head of his cock in my mouth, being very still. As his hands relaxed I began again, a little faster. I pushed him and backed off of him several more times until finally, I wanted to push him over the edge. He screamed as he came, his fingers grasping and pulling my hair, shooting his hot juices into my mouth. I swallowed every bit he shot out then sucked his still hard cock gently to be sure I'd gotten it all. He pulled my head away as he'd become too sensitive for even the slightest touch.

"Holy shit, woman." He said as he tried to regain control of his breathing.

"So," I began as I stood up and brought my hand up to lick my fingers, catching all he'd given me, "you enjoyed yourself? Or must I try harder next time to find what you really like?" I said as I chuckled, grinned and put his cock back into his trousers, zipped and buckled.

"You know, payback's a bitch, girl." He said as he took my hand once again and we continued our walk down the alley towards our cars. I could feel the wetness between my legs, the heat in my cheeks and I hoped that payback's really a bitch - I looked forward to his attempts to drive me insane.

When we reached the parking lot, he quickly turned me around and pinned me against my car, my back and legs against the cold steel. His mouth covered mine, his tongue caressed mine as we kissed. His hand under my shirt, onto my breast, his thumb and finger pinched my nipple through the sheer lace of my bra, making it hard; sending shivers through my body. I felt my pussy getting wetter each moment that his hands were on me, each second his lips touched me. His hand slid down from my breast, onto my belly, up under my short skirt, onto my pussy through the wet lace of my thong. I moved my legs apart, felt his fingers slide under the wet lace onto my hot, burning skin. We continued to kiss and I put my arms around his neck, my fingers in his hair. His fingers tugged at my shaved pussy lips, parted them; a fingertip found my swollen clit and rubbed it, his fingers knowing how to make me shudder as if we'd done this many times before. 

My breathing got heavier as he rubbed faster, faster, faster until I could no longer kiss him, I could only breathe. Just seconds away from coming, he stopped rubbing my clit, removed his fingers from my incredibly wet pussy, brought them to his mouth, and slowly sucked the wetness from them as one would lick their fingers clean of the butter from popcorn, his eyes focused on me, again sparkling in the streetlights. He reached behind me and pulled open my car door, holding my arm as I he gently pushed me into the car.

"I told you." He started as he leaned in and kissed me as I sat in my seat – the taste of my wetness on his tongue. "Payback's a bitch. Now go home – it's late."

"But," I stammered.

"No buts, go home." He said with that half smile of his. "And don't drive too fast – I don't want to get lost on the way." 

It took about 20 minutes to get back to my place and I was concerned that he might change his mind, but as I pulled into a parking space near my apartment, he pulled his Volvo in next to my sassy little blue car.

Out of my car, I went over to his, stood so that he could see me through his windshield, in the shine of his headlights and motioned with my index finger – come hither - for him to join me. The lights switched off and he got out of the car. He followed me to the alcove of my building, his fingertips under my hair, grazing the back of my neck as we walked along, his touch sending shivers throughout my body.

I unlocked and opened the door, allowed him in first then followed behind and locked the door behind us. He walked into the living room while I kicked off my shoes and stopped in the kitchen.

"Would you like something to drink? I've got a really good cabernet, or a beer, or maybe a 7&7 for you?" 

"So you've been paying attention when we drink." He said.

"You'd be surprised what I pay attention to."

"No, I don't think I would be surprised at all with what you pay attention to." He said with a smile.

He sat on the sofa as I brought out our drinks. I started up the Bose with some soft jazz, the soft, sensual sound of sax music – the kind that just makes you feel sexy. I settled down into my chair – we weren't sitting together, as I liked to be able to look at him easily, and looking at him got me even hotter.

"So tell me," I started, "what brings you here?"

"I shouldn't be here, but you intrigue me and it feels as if I can't help myself. I need to be with you... to experience you."

I stood up, took a drink of my wine, set the glass down on the table and stepped over to him as he sat on the couch. I lifted up my skirt a bit to straddle him as he sat there, drink in hand. Once I was settled in his lap, I took the drink out of his hand, enjoyed a drink of it, sucking in a small ice cube, and sat his glass on the table next to mine.

I leaned in and kissed him, very gently, my lips just grazing his, then softly licked his lips with my cold tongue. A small moan escaped from his lips as his eyelids fluttered closed and his head leaned back onto the soft cushions of the sofa. 

I kissed him again, my tongue touching his lip lightly, my teeth pulling at his lower lip. I felt his cock growing hard under me. I kissed him deeply as I unbuttoned his shirt, his skin hot under the fabric. I pulled his shirt out of his pants and unbuttoned the last two buttons as well as the cuff buttons. I reached over, got his drink again, and sucked another ice cube out of the glass, keeping it in my cheek. As I moved his shirt away from his chest, my hands rubbed his exposed skin, my icy tongue flicked his exposed nipples, my cold lips wrapping around them, my cold teeth nipping them, his moans increasing in volume, his hands holding the edge of the sofa. I kissed his neck, his ear, my teeth grasping his earlobe, sucking it into my mouth ever so gently, careful not to breathe too loudly into his ear. I felt him growing harder still underneath me and moved my body around to rub his cock with my damp pussy and his chest with my breasts. His breathing deepened, his arms now around me, enveloped me in their warmth. I moved off of him and pulled at his belt, pulling him up off of the sofa and leading him down the short hallway to my bedroom.

I left him standing at the doorway for just a moment, lit a few candles, bathing the room in soft light then guided him in. I finally had him where I wanted him! I removed his shirt as I slowly pushed it off his shoulders, let it fall to the floor. I kissed his bare chest, one hand pinched his right nipple while my mouth found the left and began to lightly suck it. I unbuckled his belt once again, unzipped his pants and let them fall. He stepped out of his shoes and pants as I guided him towards the bed, turning him so his back was to the bed, pushing him closer and closer to the edge until his knees buckled, forcing him to sit down.

I knelt on the floor, pushed his legs apart as he sat on my bed, put myself between them and took his cock into my mouth as I'd done earlier in the evening. This time though, it was much slower. I switched between having just the head of his cock in my mouth to taking in all I could, sucking lightly as I brought him out of my mouth and into my wet hand to continue the sensation. I listened closely and knew that he was coming closer and closer to his orgasm. When I felt it was oh so close, I'd shift what I was doing to back him down a bit in intensity. From the noises I heard, I knew I was frustrating him but it didn't matter.

I heard the music from the other room, smelled the light fragrance the candles gave off, the musky odor of his body, the smells from the bar that had traveled home with us on our clothes. I could feel the heat in my body accentuating the perfume I wore mixed with the smell of my own sexual excitement. The music, the aromas, it was a heady experience.

He lay back on the bed, his arms to his side, enjoying the sensations. I dialed down the intensity, holding his cock near my mouth, treating him like a lollipop – flicking my tongue against the tip every so often, licking the length of his hard shaft. I looked up through the hair that had fallen over my face and found him watching what I was doing and I watched him back – it was a huge turn on watching him watch me suck his cock.

"That feels amazing," he said breathlessly, "I love watching your tongue play with my cock. But now I want you to lie down and let me do what I want to do to you."

I reluctantly let go of his slick, wet cock and stood up. He sat on the edge of the bed, his arms around my waist and back and pulled me close to him, his head resting on my chest, my hands caressing his hair and his face. It was a tender gesture I had not expect, but enjoyed tremendously.

He ran his warm hand up the back of my shirt to the closure of my bra and deftly undid all four sets of hooks. In one very smooth move, he lifted my shirt and bra over my head and tossed it to the floor.

His hands cupped my breasts as they were now free from their lace prison, his fingers pinching my nipples making them harder and harder. 

"That feels so good," I said as he took my nipple fully into his mouth and clamped his teeth down, biting first gently, then harder. I wrapped my arms around his neck, my hands running through his silver hair as I moaned my appreciation.

He kept his teeth clamped on my nipple, his hands on my back again, this time unzipping my short black skirt and letting it fall to the floor, my black stockings and lace thong now exposed. He grasped my ass with both hands, kissed my soft round belly, holding me close to him. I enjoyed his touch as his hands slid around my hips and between my legs, tugging on my underwear, pulling it down to my ankles.

He stood up, kissing my body on the way up, engaging in a deep kiss before he sat me on the bed, pushed my knees apart, knelt down and put himself between my legs. 

He kneeled there, his fingers traced the folds of my pussy lips which got wetter as he touched me, his fingers spread my glistening lips apart, and pulled back the hood of my clit, exposed it to the cool air in the room. He touched my clit with the tip of his tongue. I moaned as he sucked my clit into his mouth, biting it gently, pulling at it ever so slightly. He held my pussy lips apart with one hand while the other found my warm, wet, hole aching for his fingers to be inside.

"Oh My God," I said as I lay back onto the bed, "that's incredible."

He continued to lick and suck my clit, my body tensing as I came closer and closer to my orgasm, hands resting on top of his head, caressing his hair, tugging at it the closer I came to my climax. He inserted all of his fingers into my incredibly wet pussy, one by one, ever so slowly then taking them out. He put his index finger back in and continued to rub the inside searching for that special sweet spot, his wet pinky in my ass, my moans even deeper as he moved his fingers in and out of me in rhythm, using his thumb to rub my swollen clit.

"Do you like this? Is this what you want? Is this what you've needed me to do to you?" he asked before he clamped his mouth over my clit once again.

"Oh, God, yes. Please don't stop." I said as I could feel the waves of my orgasm come upon me. But he stopped and pulled away, my climax stopped before it started.

"Good Lord, what are you doing to me?" I pleaded.

"Payback's a bitch, remember?" he said as he stood, pulled me off the bed, turned me around and pushed me onto the bed, onto my hands and knees. His hard, throbbing cock stuck straight out from his tall, slender body.
