 The party was in full swing. The year 2009 was coming to an end and had only an hour and a half left before it would be replaced by a new decade. Everywhere in the hotel's grand hall were black tuxedos and dresses of various colors. The loudspeakers were playing music, a large buffet was still on a long table and waiters dressed in white coats with bowties walked around with platters, serving champagne. Wayne and Erica had split up and were talking to friends. Their 10-year anniversary as husband and wife was in two months and three weeks. They had gotten married at the ages of 26 and 28 in 2000. Wayne was tall, fairly muscular and had short, brown hair. Erica was slightly shorter, had brown hair and a terrific figure which nearly a decade of marriage, including her carrying and giving birth to fraternal twins, had had no effect on. At the party, Wayne wore a black tux while Erica had rolled her otherwise neck-long hair into a bun and wore a long, black, strapless dress, black heels, long, black silk gloves, emerald earrings and a beautiful silver necklace. They bumped into each other when they both went to the buffet table to get more champagne.

"Erica," Wayne said.

Being only a few feet away, Erica turned.

"Honey!"

They hugged affectionately and kissed each other quickly.

"Happy new year, sweetheart," she said.

"You too. Having fun?"

"Yeah. You?"

Wayne made a so-so gesture with his hand.

"Why?"

"I haven't seen a lot of you the past hour."

"I've been with Maria."

"Who was that woman next her, with the green dress and black hair?"

Erica grinned and chuckled.

"That's her cousin from Illinois, Warren, aka Wanda."

Wayne was briefly shocked. Since he met Erica, he'd never been attracted to another woman, but the disguise was brilliant.

"She's a man?"

"Look," Erica said and pointed discreetly to a potted plant where Warren/Wanda stood and talked to a man who was clearly flirting with him, either because he was gay or because he simply hadn't yet noticed the Adam's apple on his throat. Wayne and Erica laughed together.

"That's some dress-up," Wayne said impressed.

"How about this one," Erica said slightly seductively and backed away a few inches from him to display her dress.

"You look fantastic," Wayne said and kissed her hand.

"You too," Erica answered.

"You look way better. Women have more options when dressing up for parties like this. Men, on the other hand, just put on a tux and a gallon of aftershave and we're done."

Erica smiled and looked at a large clock on the wall.

"One hour and 15 minutes to 2010. How does it feel?"

"It's been a good decade, hasn't it? We've married, had children. How are they, by the way?"

"I went to check on them maybe half an hour ago. They were playing with the other kids peacefully when I left, but something tells me the sugar shock will get to them in a while after which they'll pass out on the floor."

The loudspeakers started playing Leona Lewis.

"Want to dance," Wayne asked. Erica took his arm, walked with him to the dance floor and started dancing with him, her hand on his shoulder and his hand on her waist.

After dancing a while, she moved closer to him and whispered in his ear:

"What do you say we go somewhere more private?"

She very discreetly placed her hand on his groin and gently squeezed it, smiling as she felt his dick growing bigger and harder.

"Our room," Wayne suggested, taking her hint.

She grinned widely, exposing her beautiful, white teeth.

"You have a keycard?"

"Yeah, do you?"

She nodded.

"I'll meet you up there."

She winked at him and headed for the elevators. They met in their hotel room a few minutes later, hanging the classic "DO NOT DISTURB" sign on the door handle and locking the door. Wayne noticed that her strapless bra and panties lay on the room's couch. He had brought with him a bottle of champagne and two glasses.

"Hey, gorgeous," Erica said seductively.

They grinned, embraced each other and kissed deeply and intimately, their tongues exploring every inch of each other.

"I'm so horny right now," Erica whispered, pressing her breasts against his chest.

"I so want to fuck you, love."

"I so want to be fucked by you, love."

She turned around, Wayne squeezing her tits and kissing her throat from behind.

"Where," he asked.

"In every hole," she whispered softly, "in my mouth, in my pussy, in my ass. I want your fucking cock everywhere."

She turned around again and kissed him. He opened the bottle of champagne with a loud "pop". Erica snatched it and drank from it without bothering to pour it into a glass before handing it to Wayne who did the same. She removed his bowtie while he removed his jacket and unbuttoned his shirt. After he was topless, she unbuttoned his pants and pulled down the front part, his massive dick springing out. She smiled and started sucking it. He groaned as her lips slid across the shaft and her warm, moist tongue licked his exposed head.

"Oh, God," Wayne moaned.

Erica stopped sucking, but continued jerking him off. She used her other hand to grab the champagne bottle and poured some on his dick, grinning widely.

"Oh, you little," Wayne moaned when he felt the liquid sparkle on his dickhead.

Erica started sucking again, moaning loudly when she tasted the champagne mixed with his precum. She the got up, turned around and held out her arms.

"Undress me," she said, "I want to be naked."

Wayne grabbed the zipper on the back of her dress and slowly pulled it downwards, gradually exposing her naked back, until it stopped short at her hip. He tried to pull it down further, but it was stuck.

"What is it," Erica asked.

"Damn zipper's broken."

"Is it?"

"Hold on," Wayne said, took a firm grip on the unzipped halves of the dress and, in one single move, tore apart the zipper, causing the whole dress to fall to the floor. Erica gasped, both with shock and excitement.

"You want my pussy bad, don't you?"

She turned around, smiling and, kissing him, led him to the bed. She lied down on the foot-end, her lower parts being held above the floor by her legs, as Wayne removed the rest of his clothes. Realizing why she chose that particular position, he took the champagne bottle, poured some on her pussy and started licking it ferociously, savoring her juices.

"Fuck, you taste so good," he exclaimed as she moaned loudly with pleasure.

"Oh, God, I love this so much," she moaned.

After her clit had been properly licked, Erica moved up to the bed and laid her head on the pillow, her legs spread. She still wore her heels, porn star-style.

"Fuck me," she said lustfully while rubbing her clit, "fuck me and fill me up with cum."

"Turn around and bend over," Wayne instructed her. She grinned and got up, assuming the doggystyle position.

"Stick your cock into me."

Wayne grabbed her ass cheeks and placed the tip of his cock at her pussy lips, preparing to enter. He then pushed it into her soaking wet pussy, causing her to scream out.

"FUCK!"

He pulled it out, pushed it in again and kept fucking her, as they both moaned loudly. Suddenly he slowed down and stopped.

"Don't stop," Erica said a bit disappointed, "don't you fucking stop!"

"Do you still want it in the ass?"

She smiled again, nodded eagerly and lied down on her belly, her legs still spread to show her pussy and asshole. Wayne got up, went to his tuxedo jacket's pocket and brought out small, white plastic packages.

"You brought butter from the buffet table," Erica asked somewhat skeptically.

"Thought we could use lube and we didn't bring any."

Erica smiled.

"Look in my handbag."

Wayne did and found a bottle of lube. He looked at Erica who shrugged.

"Thought it might come in handy."

Wayne smiled, delighted at the surprise.

"Oh, I love you so much."

She laughed and got up on all fours. Wayne opened the lube bottle and applied lots of it onto his cock and some onto her sphincter.

"You ready," he asked. Erica simply replied with an "uh-huh" sound.

He pushed the head of his cock into her, sending shivers down her spine.

"Fuck, that's good," she whimpered. He pulled out and pushed it further into her, getting in almost half his cock.

"Does it feel good?"

She simply nodded. Wayne pushed his cock all the way in, causing her to yelp loudly as her asshole was filled up and stretched out inside.

"Oh, God," Wayne groaned. He started to repeatedly fill up his beloved wife's ass, his balls slapping against her pussy. Feeling like she was going to explode, Erica kept repeating "Oh, my God" with every wave of pleasant pain flooding her body. 

When she felt her pussy retract and realized that she was about to come, she gasped:

"Stop, stop..."

Wayne stopped immediately and slid his dick out of her.

"You okay?"

"Oh, I feel fantastic, I just felt like I was about to come."

She paused.

"Give me a hand here, please."

They moved the blanket aside together. Erica lied down on her back on the mattress, removed her high heels and threw them aside onto the floor. Wayne lied down on top of her, his groin between her legs, and pulled the blanket over them. They just looked into each others eyes for a moment while they rested up in preparation for a mutual climax.

"I love you so much," Wayne said.

"I love you too," Erica said and spread her legs a little further. She was ready to come. Wayne placed the tip of his cock inside her pussy and pushed it in quickly, causing her to gasp. It was easy as she had been dripping wet for almost half an hour.

"Fuck," she exclaimed as they embraced each other. Wayne kept fucking her, quicker and quicker, listening to her whispering lustfully into his ear:

"Fuck me. Fuck me, I love you so much."

She felt her pussy retract again.

"I'm coming," she said. "I'm coming."

"Me too. Let's come together."

Erica tightened her embrace of him and closed her eyes, feeling her orgasm approaching. Finally, they both felt a massive surge of pure pleasure filling every inch of them as Wayne kept pounding her pussy, filling it with his hot seed. They both screamed out, their eyes blackening, before collapsing in each others' arms. They stayed in that position, their bodies glistening with sweat, just enjoying the warmth of each others' bodies. After resting for a few minutes, they heard people counting down "Ten...Nine..." in perfect unison through the room's walls.

"Eight..."

They looked into each others eyes and smiled.

"Seven..."

"Honey," Erica said.

"Six..."

"Yes, dear?"

"Five..."

"Happy new year, love."

"Four..."

"Happy new year, love."

"Three..."

They kissed, long, deeply and intimately, as the countdown reached zero and 2010 arrived.