 You hear a knock at the door, and knowing it's me a thrill runs down your back and straight to your cock. You feel your shaft start to rise and press against your jeans. You know I will want your hard cock in my mouth as soon as I get in the door so you've gone commando. You know this will please me immensely. 

You open the door and the sun shines off my hair. I grin at you as you tug my hand to pull me into your arms. You hug me hard, feeling my soft breasts pressing against your chest. The urge to squeeze and suckle my heavy breasts makes you just a little dizzy with lust.

I tug open my jacket and you see that I'm wearing only the see through body stocking you bought me. The top is stretched tight and is trying to flatten my breasts, but peeking out are my hardened nipples, crinkling around the edges. You reach out and touch one nipple and see my whole body shiver with need.

You take my jacket and as you turn back, I've removed my skirt, and am now standing in front of you in only what you provided for me, a one piece stocking of head to toe fishnet in some complicated pattern, but with the crotch cut out and my cunt fully accessible.

I whisper, my voice low and clouded with need, "I want your cock now, Tiger."

Grinning you take me by the hand, and lead me into your living room. Before you sit down, you press my breasts together with your hands, knowing they are way more than any handful. You tug down the straps, and lift my heavy breasts over the stretchy cups pressing them together hard, and the effect makes your balls ache and your erection stretch tighter.

You lean down and take one of my nipples into your mouth, pulling me closer with one hand. Your other hand rises to my free nipple and you touch it gently at first, then firm, and then you pluck at it hard, as you use your teeth to put pressure on both nipples. You hear me gasp in pleasure, and feel my body shift as my knees weaken. You assist me to the floor, knowing I wish to worship your cock on my knees.

You sit in your favorite chair, and tug me forward between your legs. You say to me, "You've wasted enough time, baby girl, suck my cock now."

I lean in and undo the button on your jeans. I slowly tug the zipper to the bottom, my eyes locked on your bulging crotch. I want you so very badly, but know that you need to watch me suck you off before I am rewarded with your cock between my legs. You have your camera ready to snap pictures for your collection. You notice my hair is up and out of the way, and you are pleased.

You lift as I slide your jeans down your beautiful ass, and down your muscled thighs. I tug your jeans off completely and stare in awe of your thick hard cock.

"You may worship my cock, sweetheart," you tell me.

Gently I reach under and scoop your heavy balls into my hand. The skin is so soft and inside your balls are hard and bursting with cum for me. I put my other hand on your shaft, just as you've taught me how you like it best. 

Stroking him slowly from base to tip, I look up into your eyes, I see you smiling, pleased but impatient to feel my mouth surrounding your rod.

I lean forward putting my mouth immediately over your cock and spit a big gob onto the head. I feel him jump in my hand, as I slowly pump you. You briefly feel that first gob of spit turn cool and then my hot mouth and tongue are on him. My mouth lowers to cover your cock, and my lips wrap around him, loving him.

I hear you groan your pleasure, and feel your balls contract and shift in my tiny hands. I tongue the sensitive underside, and swirl all the way around the head. You've closed your eyes to just experience it. You indulge yourself in the sensations coming from your cock. 

I bob slightly wetting your shaft further down, my tongue pressing you to the roof of my mouth. You feel my slight suction, and you open your eyes and see my cheeks indent as I suck. I bob again, and you feel that suction pulling all the way to your balls. I remove my mouth and you watch as I slide my tongue down one side of your cock, leaving a wet silky trail. 

I shift my hand under your balls, reaching further back to put slight pressure on your anus. I know you love this extra bit of pressure, and with a little smile on my face, I lean in and slowly suck each of your balls into my mouth, gently tonguing them, one at a time. I lick the sweat from each side of your sack and lick your balls again. You watch as I slowly lick up the other side of your cock back to the head. 

Your cock is now completely wet from top to bottom. The skin is stretched so tight. My mouth slips easily back over your engorged cockhead. You feel the pressure from your ass, my small hand cradling your balls, my other hand still slowly stroking your hard shaft top to bottom, and now my mouth, slipping slowly up and down. My lips meet my hand and you feel everything moving as one sensation. 

Your cock is rock fucking hard, and you know I will keep you hard, rocking your shaft and soft mouthing and sucking the knob, until you're ready to blow down my throat.

"You're not going to just swallow this time baby girl. You're going to hold it in your mouth and then show it to me. Understand?" I nod agreeing to whatever you want me to do.

I start to stroke you a little faster, matching my hand and mouth movements the way you like best, the way that makes you cum hard. I want your cock in me soon and my pussy throbs with the need of you in me. 

You move your foot to slide it between my legs, spreading my legs further apart. You toe my hot cunt and find that I'm completely soaked and my hot juices are now spread over my thighs as well. You know I will take your cock quicker when I'm very wet. And you want to just plunge in and take me hard and fast when you're ready. 

"Stop and give me a taste of that hot cunt, baby girl," you order me. I release your shaft and reach under me to slide two fingers into my own waiting pussy. Without taking my probing mouth off of your cockhead, I stretch my fingers up to your mouth, offering you a taste of salty-sweet heaven.

"Good girl, gobble gobble, Thanksgiving cock for my baby girl, keep sucking honey," you tell me after you taste me. 

My hand returns to your hardened shaft, and I stroke you just a little faster and my tongue and lips work just a little more. I suck and lick you quicker and quicker until you're just at the edge. You reach over and take a couple of quick pictures of me, with my lips stretched around your cock.

At the last minute you decide to unload on my ass, but not before you slam my cunt hard and fast from behind. 

"Stand up and lean over the side of my chair, baby. I'm going to give you what you're aching for," you direct me firmly to the side of the chair, and push your knee between my legs, widening my stance. My round bottom pushes out, teasing you. You love how the body suit fishnet cuts into my soft skin. 

You push my head lower into the chair, which spreads my ass cheeks for your view. My pussy is so wet it's actually glossy with juice. You groan softly, knowing how tight and hot it will be when you finally shove yourself into me deeply.

Knowing how loud I can get, you warn me to be as quiet as possible. You push the head of your cock to my opening. My oyster lips are freshly shaved, silky smooth. You push the first inch in. I gasp quietly, trying to behave. You're so big. 

"More?" you ask. I whisper a yes. 

You slide another inch in, and you feel my pussy contract and resist you. You wait a few seconds and push in again. And again. You know I can take all of you. It just takes a minute of adjustment for me. You hear me panting and desperate for your pounding. You're finally all the way in and you start your slide... Out... And fast back in. Out... Fast in. 

My pussy is so hot inside, like lava. You know you want to make me squirt before you unload, so you start with the dirty talk.

"Did you touch yourself before you came over, slut?" I whimper a no.

"Did you add lube to this cunt after I told you not to?" Again, I whimper no. You feel my juices coating your balls as they bang against my ass.

"Do you want me to fill your cunt with cream, baby girl?" 

"Oh yes please," I cry enthusiastically.

"Who owns this cunt?" you ask. "You do, you do." I repeat

You pick up your speed and start to really ream me. 

"Next time I'm going to fuck your ass, baby girl. Your fat ass is mine."

You feel my pussy clamp down hard, and I cum, my juices spilling down my thighs, and you pump a little harder and you feel me squirt my next orgasm, as you repeat, "My ass, my cunt, my baby girl."

You feel your own balls contract, ready to blow. Feel the sensation of it rushing through your body and down the length of your shaft. At the last second you change your mind. You're not going to blow on my ass; you're going to make me suck you off at the last second. You pull out, spin me around and shove your cock into my mouth.

It tastes of my juices, so hot and slick. The scent of my own pussy fills my nose, and I suck you, greedy for your cock again in my mouth. 

"Show it first, then swallow, baby," you order. 

Your load comes rushing down, filling my mouth to overflowing. When you slow your emptying, I tip my head back and show you my catch. Your load is white and creamy, and so fucking sexy in my mouth. You nod, and I swallow. I return my mouth to your cock, stroking every last drop of cum out of your shaft, stroking and suctioning. Leaning down, l lick my own juices off your balls. 

Weak kneed, you collapse in your chair, and tug me down into your lap. "Such a good girl, Happy Thanksgiving sweetheart," you tell me. I smile and curl into your lap, happy and satisfied.