 A/N: While generally I don't write such simple stories, occasionally one just wants to release all that pent of up sexual tension into a purely lustful and hunger sating fantasy without the need to develop any plot whatsoever. So this is written without plot, plan, parody, or pretention. It is sex, that's it. Enjoy it or move on, fair warning given. I haven't decided if I will add more or not...who knows. 

As always, all characters are at least 18 years of age and consenting.




The water churned around Dean as he moved toward her. Her breasts were half submerged in the hot liquid, nipples erect and hard as Britney watched him move toward her. The dark look in her eyes betrayed her interest he intended to stoke it into an obsession. The contours of her form always enticed him. She was thin but she wasn't fat, she was full, voluptuous and curving in all the best places. Sporting two deliciously double-D breasts with contrasting silver dollar areolas punctuated by perfectly perky pink nipples, she presented a sight that made his balls ache and his cock throb in longing.

The warm water of the hot tub only served to make his burning need blaze as he moved the few measured feet to her waiting form. He'd watched her when she'd come out on the landing, robed in a silky material that barely hid her mouthwatering femininity. From the moment the door had opened, his eyes had been on her, feasting on what was hidden as well as what was not. He took in her body, her lithe and strong legs, her milky white thighs ending just below his favorite site and disappearing under the silky fabric. 

He'd been hard from the moment he'd seen her. Knowing his own intentions and the confirmation in her chosen garments had caused blood to flow with force into his cock, filling it fully and preparing it for its eventual plunge into her most secret and soft places. She had looked at him, a twinkle of pleasure in her eyes as she'd untied the loose cloth belt around her waist. The material parted and he saw the beauty of her sex, decorated by neatly trimmed curls. A vision of him burying his face between her thighs and bathing her intimate sex with his tongue flashed momentarily before his eyes has she pulled the material all the way open and began to let it fall from her body. Red shoulder length hair rustled as the material fell from her shoulders and hit the decking.

His eyes devoured her from his seat, longing to devour her with his mouth and hands. She saw the approval and hunger in his eyes, noted the dilation of his pupils and the flexing of his jaw as he exercised his willpower to stay firmly in his seat. Seductively, Britney walked to the edge of the hot tub and stepped in. Unable to stop his eyes as the caught a glimpse of her sex as she stepped down into the water, he felt his breath hitch at the glistening puffy lips clearly in need of his attention. His gaze traveled the length of her body as it submerged beneath the water. He waited, not particularly patiently for her lead. 

The water came up to her neck as she laid her head back against the contoured cushion. Britney's eyes closed as she let out an exaggerated sighed of contentment, that they both knew was only fleeting. She then sat up, the water sloshing around her nipples and plastering the base of her red hair to her bare shoulders. Her eyes opened and her head dipped in his direction as she again locked those smoldering eyes on him. In those eyes he saw the demand of a woman to be taken. Without hesitation he'd snatched the opening and closed the distance between their naked bodies.

Water swirled around him as he moved, painfully slow it seemed to the opposite side of the hot tub. Britney stretched each arm out to her side, bracing herself as she let her legs open for his approaching bulk. His muscular chest glistened from the steaming water, skin rippling with the tension in their strong chiseled form. His strong grip took hold of her ankles, lifting them up out of the water and against his hard chest. Her hips lifted as Dean pressed closer, causing her calves to slide up his muscled stomach. Britney's face shown with a smug smile as his hard length press against her thighs, obvious evidence of her effect upon him.

As dean pressed his hard cock against her body, ankles at his shoulders and her knees pressing against her breasts, Britney gave him a mock pout. "Just going to take me hard and fast, hmm?"

Dean smiled wickedly as his hands found her bottom cradling her cheeks in his rough hands. He lifted her hips until the shaft of his cock was rubbing the cleft between her thighs, parting her feminine lips with each pass.

"Would you rather I take my time now, or on the second round?"

Britney's face broke into a mock look of disbelief and spoke in a matching tone, "My, my aren't we ambitious? Really think he's," she reached around his arm and took hold of the erected grinding against her pussy, squeezing him for emphasis, "up...for such a task?" He groaned and she smiled. Her hands had always been able to induce a surge of pleasure in him.

He was tense against her as she bit her lower lip, eyes locked on his as she gripped him tight. Dean pulled back just enough to give her the leverage she needed. Britney lifted her chin, the smug grin still on her face as she pressed the tip of his cock to her entrance and pulled on his shaft. His body moved without conscious thought pressing his weight forward. Britney's hand release his length as he pressed against her thighs, driving his hard cock between her folds and surging forward, thrusting deeply into her tight but perfectly slick pussy.

Britney's mouth opened as she pulled in air, feeling his hard length filling her, fulfilling the aching emptiness within her sex. She was folded in half, ankles at his neck, allowing him to penetrate her deeply. Both gasped as he slammed home, burying himself to the hilt inside her. His mouth captured hers, both breathed through eachother, relishing the physical connection of their tight union. The kiss was hard, passionate, a promise of the pleasure they were yet to take from each other.

Dean's hands moved to hold her hips firmly as he held himself within her savoring the tight slick vice of her body as it held him in clenching grip. She squeezed herself around his length, encouraging him to take her. Dean withdrew feeling her silken lips slide back up his shaft as they reluctantly let his throbbing member pull out of her. As the sensitive tip of his cock felt the end of her tunnel he stroked back into her. She rewarded his movement with a guttural moan as he again slid out and then thrust deeply back in.

Britney's arms held tightly to the inner wall of the hot tub as Dean's hips pulled out and thrust in, over and over. She could feel the strength of his hands and arms as he rocked her back and forth in time to his hips, driving in and out again and again, splitting her insides with the pleasurable assault.

She focused on controlling her muscles internally, squeezing him as soon as he was deep within her maintaining the pressure as he withdrew and releasing it as he drove back into her. She focused on milking his cock, encouraging the release that she knew wasn't far away. The rhythm he'd set and the excitement ignited inside of him was going to drive him to cum quickly. She was enjoying the hard deep thrusts, savoring the way he filled her. She knew even with her muscular control, she'd loosen as he drove her toward her own orgasm. She liked the tight feeling of his cock nestled perfectly inside her wet pussy and found herself gasping with each thrust of his hips. 

Water was sloshing loudly around them and her knees were pressing her nipples with each stroke. Britney's mouth firmly molded to his. She pressed her tongue into his mouth, darting it around, caressing, tasting his mouth. He sucked gently on her tongue as he drove into her hard, holding her tightly against him. Dean's cock lurched once within her and she squeezed him tightly feeling another pulse in response, he was on the brink. He tensed and she began to squeeze and release him as fast as she could. He groaned and she was rewarded with another twitch within her pussy. 

Despite her attempt to make him cum, Dean's tension slackened and he began to once again stroke in and out of her. He was moving faster. The pause had given him a little stamina but she knew she could make him lose control.

Britney broke from their kiss and looked into his eyes. She poured her desire and hunger for him into her gaze, willing him to feel her own raging passion for him. "That's it baby!" she said in a breathy gasp, she felt him tense and increase pace. She squeezed in a pulsing rhythm, no longer trying to keep time with his movements, instead she listened to Dean's breathing for her queues.

Britney moaned audibly to entice him. The sound wasn't an act but she knew that expressing the pleasure she felt would heighten his. She felt him tense then relax as he drove again, each peak going higher than the previous. He was almost there.

Dean felt the warmth of the hot tub around his legs and waist. He felt Britney's clenching cunt around his cock. Her saw the looked of pleasure on her face. Muscles tensed but he managed to keep from the brink, trying desperately to make the moment last. He loved the feeling of her, the sight of her, the scent and the sound of their passion. His balls glided back and forth through the hot water, gently bumping her ass with each deep thrust. The feeling of pressure behind the base of his cock was increasing, each stroke into her tight pussy was pushing him further and further towards the cliff. He looked into her eyes, feeling the visceral energy flowing between them. Tingling in his legs and arms noted the impending flood within.

Britney felt Dean tense and then deliver another power thrust. In and out he pounded, filling her over and over again. She arched her back as best she could in her folded position and whispered loud enough for him to hear, "Cum for me, baby." She looked in his eyes. "Fill...me...up..."

Dean's mind overloaded as Britney asked him to cum. Pleasure radiated from his cock, he felt his balls tighten in the water, felt the pressure behind his cock suddenly reach its peak. He slammed his cock as hard as he could into Britney's pussy, holding her hips to him in a death grip as the wave of sensation shot through his entire being. His mind went blank and all he felt was her warm tight tunnel as it clenched and unclenched around his cock as it grew within her, jerking uncontrollably.

Britney's words had found their mark, directly in the mind and heart of Dean's existence. He stiffened, thrust deeply and held her tight against him as he shuddered. She grinned, giddy in her triumph as he grunted loudly, punctuating the first surge of his seed. She stilled everything except her pelvic muscles, squeezing him over and over, feeling the warm sensation as it flooded into her, as his cum flowed into her. She gasped, "Yes...just...like...that....oh yes...baby....that's it..." Each word, spoken in genuine pleasure at his fulfillment punctuated in time with his grunts, with each eruption, with each shot of cum.

Dean shook, still supporting his own weight as Britney milked him dry. He panted, trying to catch his breath as the weakest spasms of his cum pulsed deeply into Britney's waiting pussy. It had been magnificent in its intensity, overwhelming him for that brief moment, consuming him. His release and Britney were all that occupied his thoughts. He was free, trapped within his greatest treasure, experiencing her sexually intoxicating body.

Dean glanced up to see Britney grinning at him, her tongue bit between her teeth, eyes dancing with a joyful exuberance. She had once told him that in that cusp of orgasm, she saw into him, saw the raw pleasure coursing through his eyes, exploding outward. She'd said there was nothing so beautiful then watching him lose control unable to do anything but be hers. She loved it, she treasured it. He was all hers.

Dean shifted her legs to fall around his hips, but didn't withdraw from her. Wrapping his muscular arms protectively and lovingly around her, he kissed her fiercely, pouring his love and fulfillment into her, telling her wordlessly just how wonderful she was. Britney melded to him, inviting his tongue into her mouth as she turned the kiss into something more. Dean pulled back and smiled slyly. She was ready for her turn.

COMMENTS ARE ALWAYS APPRECIATED