 "Holiday shopping sucks ass." Mandy complained. She was at her forth store in the mall and still hadn't found anything for the one person she loved the most. Her boyfriend was already a tough person to shop for but add the fact that it was Christmas Eve and she was about to go out of her mind. Luckily, he was working today so she had plenty of time to track down that perfect gift.

To make matters worse she had made the mistake of dressing her sexiest thinking she would be done with enough time to attend a holiday party she had been invited to. Her high heels, stockings, long skirt with slit up on leg and low cut open front blouse were perfect for attracting the horny stares of men and women but lousy for shopping for gifts. The party had already started without her, her feet hurt so much she had taken off the shoes to walk the mall barefoot and she gotten so many dirty looks from soccer moms with little ones in tow she was about to fly off the handle and punch someone.

She would have had a gift for him already but he had already bought it and then a friend of hers bought her second choice before she could leaving her walking the malls going from shop to shop trying to find something worthwhile. Mandy had started at eight in the morning and now it was four in the afternoon, even though the day was almost over she wasn't any closer to finding something her boyfriend would like. Going through the categories of things to get him in her mind Mandy wandered around looking at storefronts hoping one of them would have something even close to a good gift. She was getting frustrated and hungry so she made her way to the food court to eat and rest. On her way there, however, she walked by a brand new shop she had never seen before and it gave her the idea for a perfect gift. Her hunger and aching feet took precedent at the moment so she walked by the shop and made a mental note to stop by again after she ate.

Getting in line to the Chinese place she happened to notice a very handsome friend of hers she had not seen in years. She had always been hot for him and the passage of time had done nothing to lessen it. It took him a couple of seconds to notice her but once he did, they locked eyes, traded smiles and then hugged each other tightly.

"Holy shit what are you doing here?" Michael asked her.

"Getting my ass kicked by grandmas and soccer moms, what brings you here?" Mandy kissed his cheek gently. Even though she had a boyfriend she would gladly cheat for a chance to get in the sack with Michael. 

"Yeah I know what you mean. I waited till the last second to get a gift for Angie." He confessed.

"Oh you're with Angie? How is she these days?" Mandy asked gleeful.

"She's alright, we're in a bit of a tough spot right now though. She thinks I'm cheating on her." He scowled.

"That sucks, what got into her anyway?" Mandy asked disappointed.

"She almost cheated on me. I walked in on them at a party once she was getting her clothes back but they hadn't done anything. It was over a year ago but she stills goes on and on about it."

"Wait a minute, she almost cheats on you and she gives you a hard time? What the fuck's up with that?" Mandy put her hands on her hips and shook her head. It had been a long time since she'd seen Angie but this didn't sound too out of character for when she was in high school.

"She thinks I'm going to 'Get her back' for what she did and she keeps telling me not too." Michael shrugged. "I don't know, I love her but I'm at my wit's end."

"You thinking of calling it quits?" Mandy asked hopeful.

"I don't know yet. We'll see. I'm still trying to find that perfect gift for her but she's impossible to shop for."

"Yeah I hear you there. My man is also tough to shop for but I think I found the best place to get him a fantastic gift."

"Oh man I wish I could have been that lucky." He told her. They both paused for a moment to order their meals and bump elbows with the rest of the patrons in line, it took several minutes to get their food and find a place to sit.

"So what did you have in mind for your man?" Michael asked her while she chewed a bite of her food.

"Me." She perked up and smiled when it was polite to do so.

"Huh?" Michael asked perplexed.

"I'm going to buy some sexy lingerie, wrap a body bow around my waist and handcuff and blindfold myself to the bed. He's been dying to do that to me for the longest and I was always too prudish to try it but now I think I'll just toss my inhibitions for the sake of the holidays and let him have me how he wants me." She winked at Michael when she finished, noticing that he was sneaking a peek at her long legs.

"Wow, that sounds hot. I wish Angie was into stuff like that." He complained.

"Are you serious? I've known Angie forever and she's always been a real wild child." Mandy asked surprised.

"Yeah she is but she wants to be the one in control all the time. I don't get to have my way with her without a fight." Michael took another quick peak at Mandy's legs. For once she was glad that she had worn something low cut so he could see her cleavage. Just the notion that he was checking her out made her nipples hard and she was certain he could that through her thin top since she wasn't wearing a bra. 

"Yeah that sounds like Angie." She had finished her food and stood up to clean off her tray. Michael had done the same and they started walking together.

"Hey, why don't you help me out? I'd love a male opinion of what I look best in." Mandy asked him with a wink and a grin. She realized after she said it that she was trying to seduce Michael. Instead of nervous or ashamed she became hopeful that he would go for it.

"Sure, it'll be a nice break from holiday shopping. Besides, I'm curious about this shop you told me about so lets see it."

"Sure, its right here." Taking Michael's hand Mandy led him into the lingerie shop eager to find some sexy number to dress in for Michael's viewing pleasure. They took a couple of turns gazing at the slinky garments, most were either black or red but a few other colors could be seen here and there. The types of clothing on the racks ranged from sensual to fetish and Mandy had a hard time trying to decide what she wanted to try on first. The girl behind the counter was the only other person in the store and Mandy noticed that the girl was watching them both closely, if Mandy didn't know better she was certain the girl was checking them both out.

"See anything you like?" Mandy asked Michael with a twinkle in her eye.

"Anything I like or anything your boyfriend might like?" he asked her.

"Either." She smiled coyly. His ear-to-ear tooth filled smile told her she was on the right track. Maybe she should follow this all the way through? Why not? Her boyfriend would never know.

"Sure how about that corset over there." Michael pointed to a black and red corset hanging on the wall with attached garters and matching thong. Mandy was thrilled she'd had her eye on the same thing for some time now.

"Of course." Mandy pulled down the corset from its hanger on the wall and walked towards the counter. Her step developed a slight swing that moved her hips from side to side. The woman behind the counter smiled as she approached and winked once Mandy had reached the counter.

"So is this going to be it or do you want to keep looking?" the blonde girl asked.

"Actually I wanted to try this on to see if it fits." Mandy pointed towards the dressing room.

"Certainly, the dressing rooms aren't locked." The girl behind the counter looked at Michael. "Feel free to help her out, she'll need someone to tie the corset oh. and try to keep the noise down." She winked at Michael.

"Don't worry, he will." Mandy took his hand and whisked him into the dressing room out of sight.

"What have you got in mind Mandy, spill it." Michael whispered in her ear.

"Just tie this on me ok?" she winked and started to remove her top. Unashamed she tossed aside her shirt and reached behind her back to unhook her bra but Michael stopped her.

"Let me take care of that." He said kissing her on the cheek. Mandy couldn't stop smiling and her pussy became so damp she thought it was going to start dripping down her pant legs.

"Thank you, you're such a gentleman." She told him as her tits sprang free from the tight garment. She turned to face Michael now completely topless and waited for him to unfasten her jeans. He wasted no time stripping her of her jeans and bikini briefs and once she was nude he embraced her and they kissed deeply. Mandy accepted the kiss and after a minute or two she pushed him away from her.

"Excuse me I just need you to tie my corset." She told him with a smile. "Give me a minute ok?"

"Ok, take your time." Michael told her his eyes hungry for her body. Mandy was just as hot for him and her pussy was so wet she could smell her it. The room was rather small so she was certain Michael could as well. Slipping on the lacy thong she made sure to turn around so that he could have a full view of her ass as she bent over. Mandy then slid the corset straps over her shoulders and held it up for Michael to start tying the garment behind her back.

"You ever tied one of these before?" Mandy asked him.

"Of course, Angie wears these all the time."

"Oh yeah, duh." Mandy felt foolish asking since she knew Michael's girlfriend was a gothic mistress.

"By the way if you tell her about this we're both dead you know that?" he told her lacing the corset behind Mandy's back.

"I know that so I'm not going to tell anybody. You aren't you having second thoughts are you?" Mandy asked Michael once he had tied the strings behind her back.

"About the outfit? Nope it looks even better on you than it did on the wall."

"Good, that's the point." Mandy said grabbing hold of his crotch. Even through his jeans she could feel the large bulge of his hard-on. Without any hesitation he unzipped his jeans and allowed his long cock to spring free. Mandy's breath caught in her throat when she saw his gorgeous member, it was not only the absolute perfect length but its shape was amazing. She had a hard time not staring at it as she ran her hand along his length marveling at the smoothness of his skin, she felt like she was living in a dream.

"Well, don't just stand there staring at it." Michael told her.

"I thought you'd never ask." Mandy replied kneeling in front of him. She took his entire length into her mouth right down to his hips. Sucking gently on his cock Mandy felt like she was in heaven, she slowly backed off his dick until only the head was still in her mouth then looked up to see his face. She could tell by his expression that he was enjoying what she was doing so she swallowed his member again running her tongue along its length the whole way down. Each time she backed off his prick she stroked his length with one free hand while freeing her large tits from the corset with the other.

She felt him tensing up like he was about to come so she released him from her mouth. Still kneeling she leaned back enough that he could get a good look at her tits. He was smiling so widely she thought his face was going to crack. Wordlessly, Mandy went back down on him and sucked him off until she thought he was going to come again and released him again.

"Enjoying this?" she asked him coyly stroking his dick with one hand.

"Oh yeah but not as much as I'm going to enjoy this." Without warning Michael took a fistful of Mandy's hair and stood her up. Using her hair to guide her Michael moved Mandy into position so he could fuck her from behind as she leaned against one wall. He pulled the thong to one side and guided himself into her depths. Her pussy was so wet it slid in without any resistence.

"What are you doing? Stop." Mandy moaned silently. She really hoped he wouldn't and he didn't.

"I hope you don't really mean that because I'm not going to." He leaned over her and whispered in her ear. Mandy arched her back and held her head back as Michael pulled forcefully on her long hair. Once he got into stride pounding her pussy he took her hair into both of his hands and held them like they were the reins of a horse.

"Oh my god, stop. No don't fuck me anymore stop!" Mandy pleaded silently. She didn't want anyone outside in the store to hear so she kept her voice down. It was easy to tell she was faking but her cries for mercy enhanced the mood nonetheless. Her passion grew so quickly to a fever pitch she thought she was going to explode. 

"Shut the fuck up. I'll fuck you as long as I want to." He hissed at her pounding her with enough force to make her tits swing back and forth on her chest. His dirty talk pushed her over the edge and Mandy had to bite her lip to keep from screaming, her body rocked and bucked wildly against his and she could feel her juices gushing all over his cock as she came. Michael Held onto her ass cheeks with both hands trying desperately to stay standing while Mandy almost pushed him off of her. His cock slid out of her pussy and when she finished Michael re-aimed himself and pushed his cock into her asshole.

"Oh Jesus, ouch. That's not my pussy that's my ass!" she hissed in pain as Michael's cock forced her anus open.

"Yeah so?" Michael responded. Mandy's asshole hurt so good she thought she was going to come again before he made it all the way inside. She relaxed her anus enough to allow him entry and basked in the pure fiery lust she was now consumed by. Once Michael was all the way inside of her ass he began stroking her slowly. Mandy slowly moved back and forth in time with his strokes, his cock caused such delicious pain in her ass she couldn't stop moaning in ecstasy. It didn't take long for her to come again and this time Michael came with her, both of their bodies slapped against each other with incredible force as the two lovers rode out their mutual orgasms.

"So this is a good outfit to get eh?" Mandy asked Michael once she had recovered. She pulled her jeans on over the thong and put her tits back into the corset

"Oh yeah, I highly recommend it." He said kissing her gently on the lips. Smiling uncontrollably Mandy and Michael left the dressing room to re-enter the store. The girl behind the counter was still the only one in the store and she returned their smiles as Mandy ripped off the price tag and handed it to her so she could pay for it.

"Have fun there?" the girl asked.

"More than should be allowed by law." Michael responded.

"Good. Thanks for shopping with us today." She handed Mandy her receipt.