 The crash of thunder shook the whole house and shocked me into wakefulness. Still dazed, I lay still, listening to the rain pounding against the roof. Blue-white lightning flashes stabbed through the heavy bedroom curtains as thunder exploded outside the window. 

"Dee? . . . Diane?" I reached out to touch her and realized I was alone in the bed. I got up and opened the curtain. The street looked like a river under the pale rain-dimmed glow of the streetlight. The rushing water was at curb-height, lapping at the edge of the lawn. 

I found Diane downstairs in the sun room. She was standing naked in front of the glass doors, looking out into the big back yard. As I approached her from behind and wrapped my arms around her body, I could feel her trembling. "Are you scared, Baby?"

"No," she answered. Her nipples were hard under my palms and I was suddenly aware of her sharp excited female scent. "I love thunderstorms. I grew up right across the street from the beach. When I was young, Mom used to sit me on the kitchen table so I could watch the thunder and lightning over the ocean. She told me God was bowling and the lightning meant he got a strike. "

I was holding Diane from behind, pressing my already-erect penis between her buttocks. There was another clap of thunder and the already-roaring rain increased in intensity. "Let's go outside," I said, throwing the doors open. On the porch, I kissed her hard before we turned to stare at the sheets of water cascading from the angry sky. 

"The thunder, lightning and pounding rain make me so horny," she whispered, her voice barely audible over the rain sounds. 

I didn't answer in words, but took her hand and led her out into the torrent. The cool stinging rain lashed our bodies, soaking our hair and skin the instant we stepped off the porch. Diane recoiled from the impact of the raindrops, stopping dead and looking back at the beckoning safety of the house. We stayed there for long seconds, then she strode resolutely forward, pulling me with her. 

We stopped in the center of the yard, totally exposed to the sky. I wrapped my arms around her and she clung to me like she was drowning. I kissed her fiercely, driving my tongue into her eager mouth. She returned the kiss with equal fervor. I slid my hands down her back, gripping her buttocks and pulling her crotch more tightly against mine, pressing my violently erect penis against her abdomen. 

Diane always has a short fuse and the excitement of being helpless in the center of the raging storm already had her close to the edge. Her fingernails were digging into my back as I moved my hands up to paw her big tits, kneading them roughly and pinching and twisting her already-swollen nipples. She gasped, but the pain only increased her desire. 

She gripped my balls tightly as I bent my knees, lowering my crotch so my stiff cock was pressing against her vulva. I humped her, sliding my shaft up and down her hot juicy slit and rubbing my head against her clit. She released my balls and clawed my back, leaving deep scratches as she came suddenly and violently.

"Fuck me now!" Diane gasped as the rain continued to whip us. I pushed her down onto her hands and knees on the sodden ground and moved into position behind her, gripping her hips hard enough to leave marks. An instant later, I drove my throbbing cock up her hot snatch, slamming into her so hard I almost sent her sprawling. 

Lightning was flashing directly overhead and the ground was shaking from the thunder. A bolt struck a tree at the edge of the yard, sending a heavy limb crashing down in a shower of sparks.

"Oh God!" the woman cried as I rammed her mercilessly. She continued screaming words, but I no longer understood them. The storm and its violence had taken me. I'd become a savage beast, not a lover. This was not Diane who tenderly gave me her body and love, but a simple receptacle for my blazing primal lust, a cunt to be fucked hard and deep for long minutes before being flooded with my white-hot cum. We both screamed as I released my load in a long series of furious thrusts.

Spent, I collapsed onto her back. My heart was pounding and I was gasping for breath. Her arms and legs gradually gave way and she sank onto her belly. The woman I'd fucked so viciously lay face down on the ground with my body covering hers and my fingers wrapped in her flowing hair.

The rain hammering my back and legs slowed to a gentle sprinkle, then stopped altogether. My penis softened and slipped out of her vagina. I was suddenly shocked at my behavior. I couldn't believe I'd taken her with such callous brutality. "Dee? Are you all right?"

"Mmmm." I rolled her over. She looked up at me with a dazed expression, then lifted her face to meet mine. Our lips met and we kissed tenderly. She finally broke away and whispered, "That was go good."

"Did I hurt you?" 

"Come here," Diane said, pulling at my body. "I want more of your cock." I rose to a kneeling position, straddled her shoulders, and placed my softened member against her lips. She kissed my head gently, then began softly stroking it with her hot wet tongue. She wasn't touching me with her hands. I stiffened rapidly. Diane clamped her lips around my coronal ridge, lashed my glans and probed my cum slit. I was already going wild when she lifted her head and shoulders, taking most of my swollen shaft into her mouth. 

Supporting her neck with one hand and stroking her hair with the other, I worked my pelvis, gently sliding my penis in and out of Diane's mouth. At one point, I slipped out. "Mmmm, so good," she murmured. "I love the taste. Your cum and my juices."

"Come back here," she added, wrapping my hand around my shaft and guiding it between her lips. She sucked me for a long pleasurable time. It was difficult to resist the temptation to thrust rapidly, fucking her mouth. Every time I tried to increase the speed of my strokes, Diane gently restrained me with her hands on my cock and balls. She continued the slow sweet torment until I screamed. My cock throbbed, but it was too soon for me to shoot again. 

She sank back to the ground, still keeping my dick in her mouth. We stayed in that position for several minutes, then I moved to kiss her long and tenderly. I started with her sweet lips, then her face, ear lobes, cheeks, throat, shoulders, finally reaching her big beautiful breasts. 

I was vaguely aware the rain had started again, spraying our heated bodies with a gentle cool mist. 

Her areolae were already swollen into domes and her erect nipples were almost half an inch long. I began sucking them gently, but Diane demanded, "Harder!" I clamped my lips on one nipple as tightly as I could manage without using my teeth while tugging on the other and rolling it between my thumb and index finger. After a while, I moved my mouth to her other nipple. Diane moaned with pleasure and kneaded her breasts as I continued stimulating her nipples. 

She began screaming as I moved to a kneeling position, straddling her chest and continuing to pinch and twist her swollen nipples. She suddenly grabbed my cock, placed it between her swollen breasts and pressed them together, trapping me. My head and shaft were already slick with my pre-cum. I began moving, fucking Diane's wonderful tits. She was the first woman big enough to enable me to do this and I loved it. The fine mist, our sweat and my juices provided the perfect mixture of slickness and friction. We were both gasping with excitement as I increased the speed of my thrusts.

"Dee, this is so great!" I exclaimed. "I'm getting close. Do you want me to cum this way?"

"No, Ken," she answered breathlessly. "I love your hot juice spraying my tits, but I want to feel it somewhere else tonight. You know . . ."

"Okay," I said as I positioned my face between her open thighs. Diane's mound was already slick with her juices. She began growling softly as I ran my tongue teasingly over her pubic area. 

Finally growing impatient, Diane pulled herself open. "Eat me" she demanded, grabbing the back of my head and pressing my face against her vulva. I nibbled her pussy lips, gently pulling on them. A steady stream of pungent fluid was flowing from her snatch down between her buttocks. I followed it, licking the sensitive spot between her vagina and anus. She was already gasping when I thrust my stiff tongue into her pussy. 

It only took a minute to tongue-fuck Diane to orgasm. "Yeah Baby," she sighed when she'd spent herself. "Now eat me hard." I drove two fingers into her snatch while sucking her swollen clit. "Oooh yesss . . . eat me Baby . . . yeah! Give it to me . . . you're making me . . . I'm going to . . . I'm cummmmminnnngggg!"

She screamed and thrashed on the ground. As soon as she'd finished cumming, she gripped her knees, lifting her butt into the air and offering me her anus. I licked her asshole, getting it good and wet, before lubricating a finger with her juices and sliding it into her. "Oh God!" she gasped. "Do it to me Baby . . . right now!" 

I moved to a kneeling position and shoved my cock into her cunt. She screamed and came again as I fucked her. I pulled out of her steaming snatch and pressed the head of my pussy juice lubricated prick against her tight little rosebud. "Yeah, put it in my ass!" she cried. I began pushing gently into her, acutely aware of how tight and sensitive she'd been on the rare occasions when we'd done this before. 

"Fuck my asshole!" Diane demanded, thrusting her butt upward and driving my entire length into her. She uttered a piercing scream as my balls slammed against her buns. 

Startled, I froze in place. "Are you all right," I asked anxiously.

"Oh God, yes!" She was breathing hard and working her ass, causing my prick to move inside her. "It feels great. Fuck my butt! Hard!" In the dim light, I could see she had several fingers of one hand in her pussy and was massaging her clit with her other hand. 

Diane resumed screaming as I relentlessly rammed my hard cock into the tight hot hole between her buttocks. While I fucked her ass, she was hand-fucking her cunt. "Oh God, Baby . . . Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck me! . . . My ass!! . . . Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!! . . . I'm cumming . . . cumming . . . " I continued fucking her butt through her orgasm, rolling her into an even more intense one. 

And another. "Your cock's throbbing Baby!" she gasped. "Cum in my ass. Shoot that big hot load up my butt. Give it to me Baby!! Now!!! . . . Oh yeah, spray my asshole! Oh God!!!" We were screaming together as my cock exploded inside her. 

We lay together, gasping for breath. I pulled my cock out of Diane's ass so she could lower her legs. "This is the best part," I whispered as I lowered my face to hers. "Lying with my chest pillowed on your breasts, feeling our hearts beat together, preparing to kiss . . ." 

"MMMmmm," Diane answered as our lips met. We kissed tenderly while the gentle rain gradually increased in intensity. With a sudden lurid lightning flash and violent thunder clap, the deluge returned. We continued kissing, almost oblivious to the heavy drops stinging our bodies. 

After a long time, I realized Diane was trembling beneath me. "Are you getting cold?" I asked. 

"Yeah, a little." I helped her up and we walked toward the house, arm in arm. She stopped just before we reached the shelter of the porch and raised her face to the angry sky. Still standing in the heavy rain, we kissed passionately once more. Laughing, Diane said, "I wish it would rain every night."

* * * * * * * * * *

Copyright (c) 2004 by Ken James

Thanks to Dee (cuddlydbear) for inspiration and, as always, to Wayde for his constant love and support.

All characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual people is coincidental.

This story depicts a world in which AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases are non-existent. In the real world, please practice safe sex.

Please contact me. I love getting feedback and reply to every message.