 This was our first vacation without the children in three years. My husband, Todd, and I were heading to the Blue Ridge Mountains. We like to go up, in the middle of October, just as the leaves are in full color. It is an invigorating and romantic time for us, something we were both in need of.

We were about an hour into our trip, when he reached over and put his hand on my thigh. I know he was simply showing affection, but my mind went elsewhere. Because I was relaxed and there were no children to be concerned about, I let my imagination soar. 

I reached over and began to rub Todd's leg. With each stroke, my hand went a little closer to his cock. He looked at me with a questionable grin. It was his way of asking what I was up to but showing his approval at the same time. I quickly glanced at the road. Since it was early afternoon and there were not many cars on the highway, I decided to continue with my plan.

I directed my attention back to my husband's thigh. I noticed him adjusting himself in his seat. I immediately ran my hand to his crotch to find out why. It was just as I suspected, his cock was getting harder with each stroke. I began to focus my efforts to his growing erection. There was a definite bulge in his pants, and I couldn't help but to release his luscious member. When I did, his cock seemed to spring from his pants. Oh, my God, he looked good. I was feeling more excited with every passing moment. My pussy was wet and my nipples erect. I told him, "Recline your seat and put it back a little. I need to put that hard cock in my mouth.

Looking at me, he saw that I was licking my lips with anticipation, and moving my hips trying to relieve my aching pussy. He could see that I was desperate. Once again, a slight grin came to his face. He moved his seat and waited for the attack. 

Leaning over, I started by licking the head of his cock. With each touch of my tongue, his dick pulsed like I was submitting a surge of energy. Moving to his shaft, I heard him release a moan. He thrust his hips forward as to ask for more. I licked the dripping saliva from my lips and slowly went all the way down on his cock.

"Oh, baby, that's good." He said.

I continued to take him in and out of my mouth, when all of the sudden, my lover seemed to freeze. Looking up I saw a strange look on his face. "What is it?" I asked.

He replied, "There is a truck that has pulled up beside us, and the driver is watching."

I turned to see the truck and returned to say, "Lets give him something to write home about." With a puzzled look, on his face, Todd relaxed and I went back to my blow-job.

I leaned back over taking him deep into my throat. Between strokes, I looked up and told him, "You are so fucking good. I love sucking you hard cock."

My head was bobbing up and down like a piston, and my love box was throbbing more than before. Trying to relieve the tension, I started rubbing my pussy through my clothes. Since it was not satisfying me, I slid my hand into my pants and started rubbing my clit. I had to stop sucking, briefly, to let out a sigh of relief.

My husband and I were more worked up than normal. I was sure it was because we had and audience. Todd was moaning continuously and his erection was getting harder. I could taste his pre-come and realized it would not be long before he would release. To intensify the feeling, I began fondling his balls and rotating my tongue around his dick.

"Oh, yes, baby!! You're sucking me so good." He commented.

Next, I slowed my rhythm and increased the suction. I wanted to pull as much blood to the head in order to strengthen his orgasm. Feeling his body tense, my lover raised his hips and shouted, "Oh, my God, I'm coming! I'm coming!" 

His large cock pumped load after load of thick cum down my throat. I swallowed it down and held him, in my mouth, until his orgasm subsided. He took a deep breath and looked at me to offer his thanks. Looking back, I told him that I was not done.

I reclined back in my chair, lowered my pants, and started fingering my pussy. I raised one foot to the dashboard allowing for better access and a better view for Todd. With two fingers in my wet pussy, he reached over to play with my nipples.

"Oh, yes. That's it. Oh, Yes. Please don't stop!" I asked. Then I felt the pressure, on my nipples, increase. I new he liked what he saw. Making sure he was watching, I slid a third finger in and said, "Oh, I love to have my pussy filled."

He answered by saying, "Fuck it good, yes, fuck it good."

"I am close," I told him, "I can feel it coming. I can feel it coming." An overwhelming wave of pleasure came over me. I threw my head back and thrust my fingers in deeper. "Ooohhhh, mmmmmm, Yes, it's strong! I feel so fucking good! Oh, yes."

I sat there trying to slow my breathing, and looked up, once again, to acknowledge the truck. It had pulled ahead and was on its way. I glanced at my husband, and we both laughed. We had one of the strongest orgasms ever and gave a trucker a show at the same time. I could not believe what we had done but what a great start to our vacation.

We did the best we could to put ourselves back together, but it was difficult while driving down the highway. I needed to freshen up and suggested that we stop at the next rest stop. I leaned my head on my husbands shoulder, and he placed his arm around me pulling me close.

For some time, we sat quietly listening to the radio and enjoying each other's company. Soon after, we saw a sign signaling that the rest stop was one mile ahead. We pulled in and gave our legs a good stretch after exiting the car. I headed to the ladies room, and Todd went toe the men's room.

While coming out of the bathroom, Todd was approached by an average looking man. The man asked if he was driving a burgundy Buick.

My husband answered, "Yes." He thought the man was going to tell him there was something wrong with the car but that was not the case. Continuing, the gentleman asked if Todd had received pleasure, from a beautiful woman, while driving down the highway. 

Startled, my husband responded, "Why do you ask?"

He proceeded to introduce himself as, Charlie, the driver of a purple tractor- trailer. Just then, Todd remembered the truck driver that stayed along side us, while we had sex in the car.

Charlie asked if I would take care of his needs as well. The mere thought of watching me suck this man's dick, gave my husband a hard-on. Todd agreed and made arrangements to meet Charlie as soon as I was finished in the restroom. 

When I came out of the bathroom, Todd was waiting for me. He suggested that we take a walk, and I agreed. After stopping at the drink machines, Todd led me to the big rig parking lot.

"Why are we here?" I asked.

He answered, "Because you have always wanted to see the inside of a rig, I made arrangements with a trucker named Charlie. That is his truck there."

I thought the timing was weird, but I was curious. 

Once we reached the truck, Todd knocked on the door. From inside we heard a voice say, "Come in." "Back here," the voice called, "I'm Charlie."

Looking back, I saw a muscular man, dressed in jeans and a tee shirt, kneeling on the bed. His pants were lowered and his dick was exposed. With confusion, I looked at my husband and asked, "What is going on?" Todd informed me that Charlie was the driver of the rig we saw on the highway. Since he liked what he saw, he wanted the same attention. I looked at the driver again and noticed his cock. Still soft, his member was about seven inches long and about one and a half around. Todd and he waited, patiently, to find out if I was willing to participate in their plan. 

Without speaking a word, I climbed on the bed and began sucking Charlie's dick. Todd unzipped his pants, released his cock, and sat down to enjoy the scene.

At first, I licked Charlie's cock head and proceeded to rub my tongue up and down his length. As I opened my lips, to take him in, Charlie grabbed my head and began fucking my mouth. With each thrust, I could feel his manhood growing. I was enjoying every inch of him.

Todd got up from his seat and came up behind me to take part in the action. I felt him lower my pants, and rub my pussy making sure it was wet. With one smooth movement, I felt him insert his dick deep inside me.

"Ohhh!" I sighed, "Yes, fuck me good."

Excited by the double penetration, Charlie became rock hard. Reaching down, he grabbed the base of his cock and began shooting volley after volley of cum on my mouth and chin. Grabbing my hips, Todd spread my ass clearly exposing my rosebud. He moistened his thumb and started rubbing and pressing until my sphincter gave way.

"Ohhh, yes!" I responded, "Fill me up!"

"O.K." he answered, "As you wish."

I felt Todd pull out of my pussy. He lay down on the bed, and told me to have a seat. I quickly climbed onto his stiff cock and proceeded to ride him. Soon after, I felt Charlie's hand on my back, pushing me forward. He put a finger up my ass and then added another.

"Stick your dick in my ass." I commanded. He gently pushed his large cock into my ass and started fucking me hard. I had never been so full. With the added sensation, Todd and I were sent over the edge. We were jerking, thrusting, and crying out in pleasure. My orgasm seemed to go on forever because Charlie kept right on fucking my ass. Soon after, Charlie reached his second orgasm.

"Yes, you are so fucking good!" He said. "That was amazing!"

We dropped to the bed and lay there trying to regain our strength. After a few minutes, we gathered our clothing and dressed. Not much was said on our way out of the cab.

Then Charlie said, "Thanks, I really enjoyed that."

I turned and smiled and then closed the door. The truck pulled away, and Todd and I headed back to the car. I looked into my lover's eyes and said, "I know this was not the vacation we had planned, but I think it will definitely be the best.