 12.

Ellie lie in a coma; I only left her to eat and to grab a fast smoke. The days turned in weeks and weeks into months. Each day her poor body became weaker and I knew there wasn’t much hope that I’d get the chance to tell Ellie how much I loved her and was going to miss her.

It was a warm and sunny June day, the birds were singing songs of love, and the flowers were blooming. I was sitting with Ellie, reading her some love story, when she began to move.

“Hi handsome,” Ellie said looking to me with a half smile. Her eyes were alive for the first time in months and they were looking at me.

I grabbed her tiny, weak hand and gave her a kiss; “I’ve missed you so much!” I said with excitement in my voice and I could feel tears of happiness forming in my eyes. Her smile became bigger when she heard what I had told her. 

“How long have I been asleep?” Ellie asked as she looked to me for an answer. Her pretty face started to look more normal as each minute went by.

I leaned to give her a kiss and replied, “You’ve been out for 5 months. I haven’t left your side.” I gave her another kiss. “And, I don’t plan on ever leaving you!” I said as tears ran down my face.

Her tiny hand reached to my face and wiped away a tear, “Don’t cry, this is a happy time.” She said with her beautiful smile. “I want to get up and go out into the sun!” Ellie smiled and tried to sit up, but her body was just too weak. “I don’t have much time left and I want to be with you, in the warm sun.” 

“Let me get the nurses to take all this off of you, then I’ll take you to the first place we ever had fun.” I told Ellie with a smile. I knew she did not have much time and if it was her wish to go out in the sun, she was going to do it.

All the nurses and doctors told Ellie it wasn’t a good idea for her to leave the hospital, but Ellie said with laughter. “What it might kill me?” she looked to me with a big grin, “I hope you’re not taking me to the grocery store. That’s the first place we had fun.”

I kissed her head, “No, silly girl, I’m taking you to the park.” I told Ellie as I waited for the nurses to finish getting her ready.

“Oh, that will be a nice place!” Ellie said as one of the nurses pulled a long needle from her tiny arm. “That hurt!” Ellie said and burst out crying. Big tears starting running down her face and I rushed to her side.

“Can’t you people be easier? Or can’t you just leave that shit in her? I’ll bring her back in awhile.” I asked them as I rocked Ellie’s sobbing body in my arms. My arms held her with more love than I had ever known.

“YES! That will be fine.” Doctor Lewis said walking into the room. “Just tape the IV lines to her arm and let’s get them on their way.” He said with a stern voice and started to help tape some of the lines to her arm. Once finished he pulled me to the other side of Ellie’s room and said, “She doesn’t have much time. It might even be today.” He wrote down a telephone number and gave it to me. “If you need help call me and I’ll get help to you as fast as possible.”

“Thank you Doc. If her time is so sort, I want it to be happy.” I said as I felt tears forming in my eyes again. “I’m taking her to Winton Woods. We had our first date they’re watching the kids’ play, the ducks and geese swimming around. She loved it so much.”

Doctor Lewis patted me on the back and said, “Well, you just make sure her last hours are the best she’s ever had.” He said walking away with tears in his eyes.

“All done! Let’s get a wheelchair and take her out to your car.” One of the nurses said as she pulled some cold, ugly wheelchair next to Ellie.

“I don’t think so!” I said pulling my sick love into my arms. “I’ll take her!” I said giving Ellie a soft kiss and carried her to my car.

13.

I held Ellie in my arms as I slowly drove to the beautiful park just down the road from the hospital. “Just a few more minutes my love.” I told Ellie as I felt her breathing becoming shallower.

“that’s nice.” She softly said as she gasped for air.

I drove my car through the park and right to the lake. I must have broken 3 or 4 laws but I didn’t care, I needed to get my girl to her favorite place and soon. “Here we are, Baby!” I said as I opened the door holding her frail body in my arms. I walked to the bench we had sat on so many times. “Look!” I said to Ellie. “Here we are.” I said sitting down as easy as I could.

Her pretty eyes opened and looked around the placid lake. The geese were out in full force and not far away you could hear the children playing. “thank you! I didn’t want to die in that place.” She said, as her breathing became weaker. “it’s so cold and lonely in there.” 

“Now you’re here, Baby.” I said holding her weak body as tight as I could. I knew what would be coming soon, but I didn’t want to let her go. I had never loved anyone so much in my life. Anyone I did love always seemed to disappear from me. Now my Ellie was only moments from leaving.

Ellie looked to me with a soft smile on her face; “I love you so much!” she said putting her tiny arm around my neck. Big tears ran down her face as the life was slowly draining from her weak body. “We never got to make love. I wanted you so bad.” She said gasping in air. “Kiss me one last time.” She said, as her breathing was now shallow I could even her breathing.

“Ellie, I love you, too!” I said leaning to her mouth, as I kissed her, Ellie’s last breath of air blew into my lungs. “Ellie! No! No! Don’t leave me!” I cried when I knew my girl was gone. My tears ran on her face as I held her lifeless body in my arms, rocking her. “I’ll miss you so much.” I said giving her one tender and final kiss goodbye.

14.

For the next two years, all I did was work and sleep and that didn’t come very often. Ellie still filled my most every thought after two years. She was in my heart and soul. I had never loved anyone so much in my life. Many nights I found myself sitting up in the darkness crying for her.

I was lucky if I slept for an hour before getting back up to return to my office. The one good thing was, my company was now one of the biggest in the state and I made sure to give all the workers lots of raises to show how much they were needed.

The only good thing that happened in the last year was that Ron had been arrested for killing Stella. He had buried her at their summerhouse out at the lake. A jogger and his dog came across her bones late one afternoon while out for a run. Ron was sentenced to die for the horrible thing he did to beautiful, Stella.

We were having a big company cook out when Tina, one of my youngest employees asked, “Are you bringing anybody, Clint? If not, my cousin will be in town and she’s so pretty and sweet.” Tina said with a big, hopeful grin on her face waiting for me to reply. 

Everyone at my company knew how much loosing Ellie had hurt me. But, every now and then they always tried to fix me up with someone. I couldn’t blame them for trying; I knew that I needed to get over, Ellie. It had been two long years since she left me. I was so lonely I hurt inside, not just for sex, someone to talk to and have fun with.

I looked over young Tina, she was so young and beautiful, and so full of life. She was standing waiting for my answer. “If she’s not, you clean up the warehouse for a month, girl!” I teased my young worker and laughed at her.

Her little mouth flew open and she put her hand on one of her sexy hips and shot back, “And, if she is all I said…I want the promotion to salesperson!” she gave me a teasing laugh. I was going to give her the promotion anyhow, but I was waiting till the cook out to tell her the good news. Of all my employees she was the best.

I gave my head a scratch and looked to the other ladies in the office. Two of them knew of my plans for Tina and were very excited for her. “I don’t know about that?” I teased her more. “I need somebody ‘good’ for that job.” I laughed.

“What?” she gritted her teeth at me!. “I’m here every day and fill in for Jack all the time.” She snapped back and I could see that I had hurt her feelings. A look of hurt covered her pretty young face and her lower lip came out.

I moved to her, hugging her in my arms, “I was just kidding you. I’m sorry.” I caressed her pretty blonde hair. “Who else would get the job? Nobody is as good as you are!” I said to her seeing that her beautiful smile had returned. “Now, get ready, I’m taking my newest ‘salesperson’ to lunch.” I said giving her tight little ass a smack. I loved looking at her body; she was built a lot like Ellie had been. Nice small sexy breasts and an ass that could make your mouth water.

“Really?” Tina said with excitement. “Where are you taking me?” she asked into to my eyes with joy. “Hopefully not Taco Bell, that’s Fred’s idea of taking me out on the town!” she laughed. Fred was her boy friend that wasn’t worth a shit in my eyes. He treated Tina like shit, always stealing her money or going out with other girls behind her back.

I gave her a cold look; “I don’t think so! You need to dump his no good ass.” I told her as we walked into my office. “You could do better than him anytime.” I told her in a fatherly voice and gave that great ass of hers a fast look as she turned to close my door.

“I know, but I don’t have any place to move.” She gave me a frown. “It might be hard living in one of the trucks.” She laughed, pushing her shining hair from her face.

I looked to her face, if everyone in my company wouldn’t think I was a pervert, I would love having Tina with me. “Yeah, right! Like I would let you live in one of my trucks.” I replied moving to her and pulled her back into my arms. “You ever need anything or to get away from him, you just say the word.” I said and leaned to give her a soft kiss on her full, pink lips. She melted in my arms as we touched and a tiny moan came from her when I gently squeezed her ass.

After a few minutes kissing, she pulled from me, “Damn Clint! You trying to get me turned on.” She giggled with an embarrassed face. “Why are you still single? Any woman in town would jump to be with you.” She said with concern in her soft, loving voice.

“Ellie was a very special person and I’m just now starting to get over the pain from loosing her.” I replied to Tina. “Come on, I’m hungry.” I said pulling her by her arm and out the door.

15.

After Tina I had lunch we were driving back to work when I saw a very pretty house for sale, “Look at this!” I said pulling into the driveway. “This is nice. Let’s go look.” I added as I opened the car door and went around, to help Tina out.

“I didn’t know you were looking for a new house?” Tina said as we walked up on the front porch. “With just a little work this will be a great place!” she stated and bent to look in a window.

As she leaned to look the house, I couldn’t help but looking up her very short skirt to see her white panties. “Girl, you’re killing me!” I laughed, fanning my face. “You need to dump Fred and find a nice man.” I said thinking of her in my bed and all of the great things we could do together.

“You’re looking up my skirt! You nasty man!” she teased and tried to slap me, but I jumped to grab her in my arms. “I’m starting to like this a lot!” she smiled and put her head on my shoulder.

I moaned in agreement, “It does feel pretty good.” And I squeezed her small ass in my hands. “I haven’t had sex in going on 3 years.” I told Tina with a frown as I caressed her tender body.

She just stuck out her little lip; “I’ve never been with anybody! I don’t even know what it’s like to be with a handsome man like you.” She said as her fingers ran over my face and traced my lips. I began to grow so fast I thought I was going to faint and my pants were going to rip. “Mmmm, somebody likes that, do they? Just think what a fine piece of ass I would be, so young, alive and a virgin!” she giggled pressing her thin hips into my stiffness harder than before. 

“You’re killing me girl! We better stop before I end up just taking you home with me.” I said making sure I ran a finger up the center of her now wet sex, enjoying the feel of an excited woman for the first time in so long.

She just gave me a warm look, “Would that be so bad?” she asked running her fingers through my hair. “If I had the chance of who would make me a woman, I’d pick you.” She said giving me a small kiss. “Why are we looking at this house?” she asked pulling back from me and giving me a cool look. She was a girl that needed answers to every question in life and didn’t like to wait for them.

“I bought it last week for my newest salesperson at work.” I answered with a grin. “She needs a place of her own.” I saw a smile fill her lips and happiness cover her face. “Oh, you’re the new salesperson!” I teased her a little more and enjoyed the look on her pretty face.

Tina jumped back into my arms, “Are you kidding me?” she asked as tears filled her eyes. “This is going to be great!” her mouth covered mine and our tongues wrapped together like two vines growing in the woods. My hands slid under Tina’s tiny skirt and this time she spread her legs to give complete access to roam every inch of her soft flesh.

I pulled from her warm mouth and said, “You don’t have to do this. I bought you this house because you’re such a wonderful person.” I moved back to her willing mouth, she kissed me with more vigor than before. 

Her tiny hands moved to the stiffness that lied in my pants, “Don’t even think I’m doing this because of the house, I’ve wanted you from the first day I ever saw you.” Tina said as she went to her knees in front of me. Pulling out my lonesome shaft, she sucked it into her young mouth and began giving me the most pleasure I’d know in a very long time.

“Oh you beautiful girl!” moaned as I enjoyed her mouth. Her head moved up and down my stiff shaft, gently sucking it deeper down her silken throat. I knew this wasn’t going to last very much longer, I pulled from my willing young lover and said, “Let’s go inside. I want to show you.” I pulled a set of keys from my pockets and handed them to Tina.

She had a look of shock on her face, “Let me finish, please!” she begged me in a little girl kind of voice. “You’re so big!” she said licking her soft lips. She stood up taking the keys from my hand, “I’m finishing this later.” She smiled and went to open the door to her new home.

I followed Tina into the house; her pretty eyes were filled with excitement as she looked around the place and at all the furnishings I had bought for her. “Well?” I asked her. “What do you think?” and I sat down on the new very plush sofa that sat in the middle of her living room.

Big tears ran down her face and she moved to sit on my lap, “Thank you so much.” She said resting her head on my chest. “I’ll never be able to thank you enough.” Tina added giving me a soft kiss on my mouth and moved to stand before me. “You’re not stopping me this time.” She said letting her thin skirt slide off her young body.

“You don’t have to worry about that.” I replied holding out my hand to Tina and pulled her on my lap. “You are going to be so wonderful!” my hands went to caress her soft breasts and our mouths locked together in a deep, passionate kiss. Her soft moans of pleasure echoed through the room as my hands touched every inch of her tender flesh. Her tiny, hard nipples were being rolled between my fingers as she rocked her hips into my hard shaft.

“Take off your jeans!” Tina moaned as she jumped off me and helped me pull of the only thing in the way of us being joined together. “Much better!” she said moving back atop me and made sure my stiffness was in the right position to enter her body.

I looked to Tina’s pretty face and said, “You are beautiful!” and my hands held her slender hips as she slowly lowered herself down, filling her tender insides full of my stiff cock.

“OH MY GOD!” Tina screamed when at last I filled her young body full of her first good cock. She fell against my chest panting for air as her tiny hole spasmed around me. “Clint! It feels so good!” she giggled looking into my eyes. “I should have raped you the first night we worked late, remember?”

How could I have forgotten that night, it was just after midnight and I was so very horny as I watched her tight little ass wiggle to a song that was playing on the radio. She had worn a pair of those stretch jeans that looked as if they had been panted on her ass. “Yeah, how could I forget that? You made me so hard I thought I was going to die.”

Tina began to move her hips in tiny circles as she sat on me looking into my eyes, “Why didn’t you take me?” she asked moving slowly around my pulsing shaft. “I wanted you to so bad.” Tina moaned and gave me a kiss.

“Well, it was your first week with the company and you were a lot younger then.” I said pushing my stiffness deeper into her willing young body. I pulled her breasts to my face and let my tongue slowly trace around her inflamed nipples.

More of Tina’s soft moans filled the house as our tempo began to increase; “Clint, I’m so close!” her voice whispered in my ear as I held her close to me. It had been such a long time since I had held someone so nice. Ellie had been the last that I held, but dear Kelly that night so long ago in the parking lot was the last time I had orgasmed in a woman.

“You have fun my love, cum, do anything you wish.” I told my young lover as her hips pleased both our bodies. She moved in tiny circles along with slowly moving up and down my stiff shaft, for being her first time, she was great at it.

“Now I’m not sure if I want you to meet my cousin or not?” Tina moaned and she knew this was it, “OH MY GOD! CLINT! CLINT!” Tina screamed as loud as she could when the massive orgasm rushed through her young body. 

She fell on me; still moving her hips just enough for me to feel my release building, “Tina!” I moaned out as I filled her young body full of my hot seeds. “You’re beautiful!” I moaned again as we kissed and made love late into the night.

16.

The day of the company cook out came, “I hope you like my cousin, she’s driving a long way just to be here.” Tina said as her arms went around my neck and she gently gave me a kiss. “I kinda feel bad, I ask her down here, now I’m crazy about you.” She said as she gave me her pouting look.

“Well, maybe she’ll think I’m to old or something.” I laughed as I caressed her panty-covered ass; it always felt so good. I didn’t really care about her cousin, I was pretty sure Tina and I, were going to stay together. “You wantta get nasty before we leave?” I asked her sliding my right hand down the front of her damp panties. I could feel the heat coming from between her trim thighs and I wasn’t going to wait for her answer. I pulled down my shorts, aimed my stiff cock to her tiny hole and with one full thrust I sank my cock deep inside her, lifting her off the kitchen floor.

“Clint! Yes, oh yes!” Tina cried out with joy as I filled her full of cock. Her small arms wrapped around my neck as tight as she could squeeze and her slender hips started to hump my long cock as I held her in the air.

I held her wonderful ass in my hands as we stood in the middle of the floor fucking each other as fast as we could go. “Hold on, I need to lay you down and do this right!” I said walking towards my room with my cock still buried in her.

I laid her on my bed and began to use her tiny hole fast and deep. “Clint! Fuck me baby! Make my hot pussy cum!” Tina moaned out as I used her body. Her small hips matched my every thrust into her body as we neared a great orgasm together.

“Get ready you hot piece of ass! I’m going to pump you full of cum.” I said looking into her pretty eyes and my cock began its release into my new young lover. “OH BABY!” I yelled as I filled every inch of her tender insides full of cum.

Tina closed her eyes and she exploded around my thick shaft, “I love you!” she moaned as her tight pussy began to milk my shooting cock of its remaining seeds. Her long fingernails dug into my back and her sexy legs wrapped around my back, thrusting my cock deeper inside her.
