 Sex with Billy was never boring. In fact, I got aroused just thinking about what we would do the next time we were together. It was as if he'd studied the book of Kama Sutra upside down and inside out. And although we'd done all of the positions more than a dozen times each, they never got old. He even surprised me sometimes with something new.

We'd been married for six years now, and I had to say, the honeymoon-stage had not ebbed one bit. Sure, we'd had our share of fights...it wasn't all a bed of roses. But the make-up sex...it was always worth whatever we had disagreed about.

Yesterday had been one of those times. It started in the morning when I casually told him I was going out with some friends this weekend. He blew up because he had an important business dinner on Saturday night, meaning I already had plans. Then I yelled at him because he didn't tell me that I was supposed to attend said dinner with him. The accusations continued to fly as we played the old game of who was responsible for updating the calendar on the fridge.

I thought maybe a few hours apart at our respective jobs would settle both of us down. I was wrong. It was impossible to concentrate on my work when our conversation played over and over again in my head and I silently lambasted him for why I wasn't at fault. I was still so riled up on the drive home that I forgot to pick up his suit at the cleaners (which I was supposed to do at lunch but I hadn't felt like eating so I spent the hour overanalyzing our fight once more). 

I dreaded Billy's arrival as I made dinner. My mind was focused on how upset he was going to be that he wouldn't be able to wear the navy suit tomorrow since the dry cleaners were only open on weekdays. I didn't realize I'd overcooked the pasta and burnt the sauce until the front door slammed. Apparently his day hadn't gone too well, either.

Neither one of us talked as I set the half-filled bowl of salvaged pasta on the table and we took our seats. I couldn't even look at him. My stomach was so upset with nerves I was surprised I could even eat. We were almost done when he finally spoke.

"Did you call your friends and cancel?"

I nodded.

"Did you get my suit?"

I choked on my last forkful.

He slammed his glass on the table and water sloshed over the edge. "Julia!"

"You have other suits," I said after taking a gulp from my own glass.

"That's not the point!"

"What is the point, Billy? That I messed up again? That I can't do anything right?"

He shoved his empty plate away and stood up, the chair scraping against the hardwood after it slid off the edge of the rug.

I cringed at the sound and held my breath.

He stood for a moment, his fists clenched at his sides. And then he stomped out of the room. I heard the jingle of keys and the slam of the front door.

Numbly, I cleared the table. When he still hadn't returned by the time I had cleaned up the kitchen, I shut up the house for the night and retreated to our bedroom. I pulled back the sheets and hid underneath—fully clothed—finally letting loose of all the emotions that had been building up.

The room was still dark when I opened my eyes. I had no idea what time it was. Billy was sitting beside me, rubbing my back.

"Julia, I'm sorry. I've been stressed about my presentation at the dinner this weekend. I just expected everything to go smoothly with you by my side, as usual. I overreacted."

I rolled over onto my back so I could see him better. The moonlight from the window only gave me a ghostly outline of him. I let out a big sigh, closing my eyes again. "I didn't mess it up on purpose. I swear. I just—"

"Shh." Billy cupped my face in his hand, rubbing his thumb back and forth across my cheek. "I should have made sure it was on the calendar. Reminded you sooner. Maybe I even forgot to mention it in the first place. It has consumed me so much at work that it probably slipped my mind."

I turned into his touch, kissing his palm. His thumb brushed my lips, and I parted them, my tongue darting out to lick his callused skin.

We both moaned. I immediately felt a rush of heat between my legs when he gently pushed his thumb into my mouth.

"You are so hot," he whispered, slowly stroking his digit in and out of my mouth, my teeth grazing against it.

I whimpered when he pulled back the blanket and his free hand cupped my breast, his thumb rubbing across the middle. Even through the material of my shirt and bra, my nipple hardened painfully from his caress.

"I really am sorry." He leaned down, removing his thumb from between my lips and replacing it with his tongue.

My hands slid around his neck, pulling him to me. I couldn't get enough of his kisses. We spent the next several minutes moaning into each other's mouth, our bodies pressing against each other, our hands roaming wildly, wanting to touch everything at the same time.

I was feeling much better by the time our make-out session turned more languid. Billy stroked my arms, removed my top and bra, caressed my bared breast. I did absolutely nothing but lay there, enjoying all of it.

My breath caught when he raised my arm above my head, our fingers intertwining, and I felt the texture of silk sliding across my palm. I tilted my head to watch him tie a scarf around one wrist and lace it through the slats on the headboard. He moved his mouth against my chin and throat, his tongue licking, his teeth nipping. He rolled across my body, gently pulling my other arm above my head to tie off that wrist as well.

"I am going to make it up to you, honey." He slid further down to lay between my legs and promptly took one breast in his hand. His mouth closed over my aching nipple. The shudders started low and deep.

###

I woke slowly, yawning and stretching. Smiling when I realized I was restrained again. I opened my eyes just as slowly. My smile morphed into an "O" of surprise and delight. A soft moan escaped, and instinct made my groin ache and rise slightly from the bed.

"Good morning, honey." Billy stared down at me, his eyes glazed, his lips parted as his own soft moans broke the silence of our bedroom. The sun peeked through the curtains on the window behind him, casting him in a warm glow. Like an angel.

I sucked on my bottom lip as my eyes roamed from his short hair—mussed from sleep and our late-night lovemaking—down to his five o'clock-shadowed face where he watched me intently. I moved lower, studying the defined lines of his abs that he diligently strived to keep firm with his daily gym visits after work.

I groaned as I followed the deep V that seemed to be carved into his skin. Followed as it descended to a thin brush of dark, curly hair. Hair that emphasized a raging seven inches of manhood, gripped in his large hand. A hand that slowly pumped up and down in rhythm to the steady rise and fall of his bare chest as he sat back on his feet, his knees apart as he knelt between my own spread legs.

I shifted a little, bringing my knees up so they framed his hips, opening myself to him. My wrists rested against the pillow, tied loosely to the slats in the headboard, making my breasts rise up. My nipples were hard, partly due to the cool temperature of the room, but mostly because of Billy.

"Good morning, yourself. Aren't you a sight for sore eyes?" I ran my tongue over my suddenly dry lips, wondering how long I had been tied up while he stroked himself, watching me sleep.

"Not too bad looking yourself, honey." Billy ran his left hand slowly up and down the outside of my right thigh. "How are you feeling this morning?"

"Hot." I swallowed. It was Saturday, and our only plans were his dinner. Until now. "Horny."

"Good." His grin was mischievous. Promising lots of pleasure for me.

I imagined all of kind of naughty things we could do. We had lots of toys, which he usually used when I was in a submissive position like today. So I wasn't expecting it when he leaned forward and brushed the tip of his finger against my clit. I jumped from the simple, yet sensitive contact.

"Nice. Very nice." Billy repeated the gesture, slower this time, rubbing a little harder in circles. When my hips rose up to him, he pressed his other hand against my pelvis. "Settle down there, girl. Don't want to rush it."

"Speak for yourself," I mumbled.

Then I shivered, lacing the silk through my fingers when his hand moved down to spread my lower lips, holding them apart as he rubbed his index finger against my clit again. It was so torturous. I wanted him to move lower. To press harder. To move inside me. And yet, I didn't want him to stop.

After a few minutes, I relaxed and closed my eyes, just enjoying the gentle pressure on my clit. The sound of our even breathing was broken occasionally by a moan on my part. I felt like I was sinking into a warm bath after a long day at the office.

Just when I was getting used to what Billy was doing, he changed his tactics. His finger slid lower, gently circling the hot entrance to my vagina but not pressing inside. I whimpered, clenching the silk scarf in my hands, my body shuddering with desire.

"Shh, honey. I know."

Yeah, he knew very well that he was driving me crazy. I was ready to scream from frustration when he finally inserted his finger. I sighed so heavily that when I inhaled, my breath was shaky.

"Feel good?"

I managed a muffled sound of approval as I bit my lower lip because he started stroking his finger in and out, his thumb now circling my clit.

He didn't resist when I shimmied my butt closer to him and spread my knees wider. The hand that had held me down now caressed my thigh and hip, his fingers gently massaging my skin. My moans grew louder when he inserted a second finger, curling them up to brush against my G-spot.

"Please, Billy." I gasped when his thrusts sped up. "Please."

"Please what, Julia?"

"My breasts. Please." My head was rolling from side to side now, my silk bonds wrapped around my hands as they clenched and released with his strokes.

"This, honey?"

I shuddered and moaned as his hand cupped, caressed, and squeezed my right breast. "Oh, yes! Mmm. More!"

"Oh trust me, there will be more." His deep chuckle made shivers slither up my spine. His tone told me that this was definitely going to be a long morning.

His fingers below continued their assault on my pussy while his hand above heightened the sensitivity in my breast. He pinched and rolled my nipple between his thumb and first two fingers. And then he abandoned my breast to stroke my side and hip again before moving across my chest to pay homage to my other breast.

I could feel the tension building within. The sweat on my forehead as it dripped down toward my ears. Smell the sweet scent of my arousal. Hear my now-panting breath, the squishing sound of his fingers moving rapidly in and out of my pussy.

"Come on, honey. Come for me. Come for Billy."

The deep, repetitive sound of his voice filled my head. My whimpers grew louder as the ache inside pulled me closer to release. As the annoying itch was finally—properly—being scratched. His hand covered my breast again, and I rolled into his touch.

"That's it, baby. Come on. You're almost there."

His two fingers became three suddenly, stretching me wider. I gasped and lifted my hips to meet the heel of his hand as it smacked into my clit on each thrust. All other thoughts escaped my mind except the need to reach that precipice and fall over. Closer and closer. And then finally...

I screamed, my body freezing, slightly raised off the bed. Pleasure rippled through me, shaking every inch of me. And all the while, Billy's voice soothed me, encouraged me.

"That's a good girl. That's right. Let it go. Nice. Oh yeah."

I came back to my senses a few minutes later, although my head was still little hazy. Billy was still stroking me, but it was a languid movement. Just like his other hand as it moved up and down my side, over my belly, up to my breast, down to my hip and thigh.

"Feel good?"

I nodded and pried my eyes open. He was smiling down at me. And then he lowered his lips to mine.

I groaned, hungry for his touch. Our tongues danced together, tracing lips and teeth. The combined heat and wetness of his mouth pressing against mine made my pussy twinge with desire all over again.

He cupped my face in his hands. Holding me still as he slowed his kisses, drawing them out. Moaning against my lips as I arched my hips to him. And then he pulled back completely.

"Billy..." I opened my eyes to see him watching me, a strained look on his face. My eyes darted down and I sucked in my breath.

It was déjà vu. He was stroking his cock again, sitting back on his feet. The same image I had seen when I first opened my eyes this morning. But this time, he was licking his lips...and his own gaze was focused much lower than my eyes.

"Keep your legs spread."

That's all he said, and then he slid his hands up and down the insides of my thighs, pressing them further apart until they rested against the bed.

It was like watching a movie in slow motion. He rose up to his knees, still stroking his hard cock. The veins thick with blood. The tip swollen and shiny with precum. His balls full and tight against the base of his cock.

He leaned forward. Instead of his finger touching me now, the tip of his cock grazed over my clit. I cried out and then held my breath. The muscles in my pussy squeezed in response. Back and forth, around in a circle, torturously slow, he rubbed his cock against me.

It took every ounce of my being to not wrap my legs around his hips and pull him into me. We both knew I could do it. He'd taught me well. And yet, resisting to do just that made the situation more pleasurable. Anticipating the feel of his throbbing cock in my hot, tight pussy made me even wetter.

His own breathing was labored now, coming out in shudders as he continued to stroke with one hand and guide his cock with the other. Eventually, he moved it lower, pressing between the swollen folds of my pussy, glistening from my own arousal and previous orgasm.

And still, I obeyed him, keeping my legs apart for him. My eyes never left his cock. I struggled to swallow, licking my lips, waiting for what he would do next.

When he finally moved his cock even lower, rubbing but not pressing into me, I moaned, the walls of my pussy rapidly clenching in desire now. They wanted to wrap around his cock as it slid in and out. Coating him with my cum. Torturing him after all this time.

But he didn't penetrate. Instead, he moved back up to my clit.

"Billy!" I was gasping now. My need was so deep that I couldn't hold out much longer. If he didn't put his cock in me soon, I didn't know what I was going to do. Hell, I might even break the headboard—or at least the scarf— if I strained hard enough just so I could pull him against me.

"Mmm?" His voice was calm, yet the pulsing veins in his neck and the and sweat on his forehead gave away that he was struggling to keep his composure.

I took little delight in knowing that he was losing control. While I enjoyed the way he was drawing this out, I really just wanted to be fucked. And good.

"I forgive you. Please. Stop teasing before we both go insane."

"Oh, honey." He raised his eyes to mine. I whimpered when I saw the heat there, the raging desire. I was in for it now. And I was not going to complain one bit.

He rubbed the tip of his cock around my clit one more time. Ever so slowly, he slid it down between my lips and to my hot entrance. He paused for a moment, shifting his weight. And then he pushed, burying only the head inside. Stroking it in and out in short little thrusts, never going any deeper.

Teasing me.

"Damn you," I mumbled, my body taking on a life of its own, arching up to him to pull him deeper.

Billy only chuckled and pressed my hips back to the bed.

I have no idea how long he continued to only press the head of his cock inside. Pulling it out to rub over my clit before moving down and back inside. Once again, I relaxed, enjoying the pleasure.

And then suddenly, he thrust forward. 

I cried his name, tears blurring my vision. It felt so good. He was so hard. So thick. And damn, he was long. It felt like an eternity as he sheathed himself inside of me.

He didn't waste his time now, withdrawing as soon as he bottomed out. My pussy clenched around him, trying to hold onto him. A long glide back in, and then back out. Each stroke pulling moans from my lips, my body shuddering beneath him.

He soon found his desired rhythm. His hands held my knees apart and down as he thrust into me. His own moans and grunts echoed mine as sweat dripped off his brow. Our eyes locked onto each other until I had to close mine from pure exhaustion.

My fingers clenched at the air, at the silk, at the rails of the headboard, wishing they could close around my breasts which were heavy with arousal. It was only a few minutes before the pressure built inside again, and I begged in whispers and cries for release.

Somehow, Billy managed to encourage me again. I never understood how he could concentrate enough to talk to me while we had sex. I could barely form intelligible words, much less link them together to have a conversation. And yet, his words are what usually helped bring me closer and closer to the edge.

"Good girl. Come on. That's it. Nice and hot. So tight. Come for me, honey. Oh yeah. Mmm. Damn. Oh yeah. Right there. That's my good girl!"

It was on the second 'oh yeah' that I hit the top. 'Right there' that I fell over. And 'That's my good girl' that I screamed. And through it all, he kept stroking in and out of me, his pace never faltering. His hands gripped my hips almost painfully, but I wasn't really aware of anything but pure bliss as my body came unraveled.

I was coming down from my high when I realized Billy had let up on his grip and had laid down on top of me. His cock was still inside me, throbbing and moving in short, gentle thrusts. I tripped on another, smaller orgasm, and my legs wound around his.

"Beautiful, honey. Just beautiful." His lips descended, his tongue searching for mine, exploring my lips and mouth. His hands buried in my hair, caressing my scalp and the back of my neck. His chest rubbed against my hardened nipples, squishing my breasts between us.

And then I felt my restraints loosen. I sighed and wrapped my arms around his neck, holding him close to me. "That was absolutely wonderful, Billy."

"Good." He pulled back from our kiss to stare down into my eyes, to brush my damp hair back from my face. "You feeling okay? Not too sore?"

I shook my head and pecked at his lips. "I'm perfect. Thank you."

"The pleasure has been all mine." He shifted a little, and the tip of his cock rubbed my G-stop, making me gasp.

"Oh, boy." I shuddered when he moved inside me again, finding it hard to breathe.

He bit my lower lip and then sucked it into his mouth, licking at it to ease the sharp pain. "I think I found another itch that needs to be scratched. Be a good little girl and let me know when I got it."

With that, he rolled onto his back with me on top. I straddled his waist and sat up, moaning as he pressed deeper inside me. When his hands cupped my hips and slowly slid up to my breasts, I sighed in content.

I was right. It was going to be a very eventful day!

~ H