 Scott walked into the office without an appointment... strode up to the desk... asked if he could get his teeth cleaned.

The receptionist was cool and calculating and was in all honesty sizing up the stranger. His smile brought one to her face as she flipped through the appointment book earnestly looking for an opening. Just as she was about to give up her search Janette walked past on her way to the washroom. She is tall... five foot seven... long brown hair... pretty eyes... big firm breasts... nipples that could poke your eyes out. 

The receptionist called after her and once she had her attention asked if this gentleman could get his teeth cleaned. Their eyes met and she smiled, her nipples starting to poke through that straining white uniform. The stranger was just her type... tall... over six foot... blonde... a beard she new could tickle her everywhere. Janette lead him back to an examination room and closed the door behind them. She looked at the fill out card and told Scott to take his place in the chair. Janette fiddled around with her instruments for a few moments before taking a place beside his chair.

Janette worked quickly as she went to work cleaning his teeth. As she glanced away for a moment she was surprised by the presence of his hand up her skirt gently rubbing her already swollen clit... She twitched at first but quickly accepted the finger into her wanting snatch... thrusting forward taking his whole finger without trouble... then another... until she was dripping wet and full of fingers.

She pressed the foot pedal to lower the back of the chair and once he was in a prone position she moved over his face. She raised the chair so he could just brush his thick HOT tongue against her sweet lips. His tongue darted in and out of her sweet cunt... lapping up her juices as she rode his face while his finger rimming her asshole. Her moans were quite orgasmic as he continued to eat the wet beauty... lapping every drop of her sweet honey. Finally Janette broke off... turned herself around and placed her cunt on his face... only this time... she made short work of his zipper and released his cock from its prison to the warmth and safety of her mouth.

She took just the head at first... working her magic tongue over the hole... licking and sucking... tasting all his pre-cum... drinking it up... then... she proceeded to take every inch of his hard cock deep into her throat. 

The head of his cock rubbing the back of her throat... her lips and jaw muscles milking that engorged tool... sucking and releasing... sucking and releasing... her powerful grip making short work of the his resistance... as if there was any. Meanwhile... his tongue still concentrated on her wet cunt... his thumbs holding her lips spread as he explores every nook and every fold. Her hips grinding down on his face... the two of them enjoying each other... in ways few had done before. Janette takes him out of her mouth and slides off his face... he pops out of the chair... gets behind... bending her over slightly... slipping his cock into her wanting cunt... she moans...

"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHH... YES... FUCK MEEEEE." He pushes deep into her... her muscles grab his cock... take him deeper into her hot cunt... he pumps in and out... slowly... then the pace quickens... she is thrusting back onto him taking all of his stiff prick... his balls slapping against her ass... her hand reaching under to caress and squeeze... his balls feeling full... they tighten in her hand... he fucks her a little harder... almost pulling out... then... thrusting his cock deep... reaching around to rub her swollen clit... he pinches her clit... she moans feverishly... bucks wildly... he withdraws from her... spins her around... pushing her down in the chair... he raises her legs... reinserts his totally stiff cock... slamming it deep... she locks her legs around him... he fucks her faster... she can feel his pulsating throbbing cock... sending her into a frenzy... his strokes get longer ... faster... he is about to shoot his HOT cum deep into the nicest... tightest... sweetest... cunt he has ever had the privilege to fuck. 

He rams her one last time then pulls back as he unleashes a furious load of cum deep inside her pussy sending shockwaves throughout her sexy body.

"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS", he screams as he collapses on top of her only to plunge his tongue deep into her mouth... giving her a passionate earth shattering kiss... he pulls off her... dresses... she follows... the two retreat to his jeep.

they drive slowly to his place for many more hours of unbridled passionate sex the likes of which happens only a few times in ones life.

She thinks that she'll have to clean him again.

The End for Now.