 I struggled to define her. She was different from most women I am attracted to. As I got to know her, the impression I got was that she was hard. She had lived harder than most of the sweet soft girls I typically find myself interested in. Kissing her was different as well. I kissed her hard. I had her braced against the wall, held in place by the full weight of my body. She was lean and muscular, her breasts small. My grip was firm and I held her hard to my lips. Her thigh, in my other hand, was taught. Her muscles hard in my hand. 

She had removed her shoes, flipping them from her feet as we entered her small apartment. She was smaller without the heels. She approached me with desperation and I took her. Her belt I tugged free easily but her jeans, fit tightly to her lean body, were more difficult. I had struggled to free the buttons and then lifted her onto a small entryway table, resting her ass, clad only in a thin pair of panties, on the edge causing the table to creak. I wrestled her free of the jeans and she wrapped her thin strong legs around me. 

"Tear it." She said through clenched teeth as I struggled with the buttons on her shirt. Without hesitation I complied. The thin material tore easily revealing more of her body. Her bra came loose easily and small breasts with long erect nipples were revealed. The wall, now limiting my access to her, had to be abandoned. She clung to my body and I carried her, my hand on her ass, grasping at the fit muscles sufficient to carry her weight down the small hall to the back of a couch that served to divide a small sitting room from an even smaller kitchen. 

"Fuck yeah, do me now, like this." Her ass was in the air and she parted her legs, her small dark asshole and a deep red cunt opened for me. I tugged free of my own jeans. I sampled her wet hole with my finger, she was ready, and I pressed my cock, swollen and aching for her inside. She gasped at its girth and I pressed harder to enter her more deeply. "Yeeeeeah." She begged. "Fuck yeah."

I didn't coddle her or hold her. I didn't whisper sweet thoughts of how beautiful she looked or how sweet she tasted. I held her by her hips and slammed my cock into her. She moaned and gasped, I grunted. I sweated with the exertion and grasped at her hips until my arms ached. I would not relent and I would not come. Not yet. I fucked her. 

"Harder." She hissed at me and I reached for her, a fist full of hair filling my fingers. I pulled her to me over the back of the shitty sofa, her back arched, her legs, not long enough to reach the floor, flailed at my sides. She was a marionette, a meat puppet, suspended before me by sandy blonde hair. Her ass, smaller than the spread of my extended hands, tempted me. It taunted me. I wanted it.

"I want your ass." I said simply, 

"NO." she gasped. "Not yet."

"Yes."

"Come in me first. Fucking fill me."

Who the fuck am I to argue with that shit. I had to let go of her hair. I held her waist. It was hard as shit, fucking Pilates, man. I pulled her back against me. She was nearly off the couch. 'Yes." She growled. "Fuck, yes." I was sweating but I was close. She was just so fucking hard and tight. Her arms, still wrapped in what was left of her white shirt gripped at the sofa cushions slowly pulling it apart. "Fuck, yeah!" she called out. I felt her, it was like fucking a fist and she nearly pressed my cock out of her as she came. I joined her, my dick swelling with each burst of cum as it shot into her; sloppily I fucked on, cum dripping from her wet cunt. "Yeah." She said again, her back arching. I fucked for as long as I came and it felt like I came for fucking ever. I didn't want it to stop but I did. I released her. Her small lean body collapsed on what was left of the couch. 

I fought to catch my breath and looked down on her. I still had my jeans on up to my thighs. I still had my shirt on; it was a rumpled mess. She looked older now; even with her eyes and mouth closed I could see the lines etched into her tan skin. I still wanted her though. I wasn't done; I was just recovering. She wasn't done either; I hoped she realized that. I undressed as I watched her, mulling what to take next.

Approaching her, she seemed so small. I knew I could just pick her up. Beside the shitty couch was a shitty chair. I sat down in it presenting my half hard cock.

"Come here." I told her. She opened her eyes looking at me. She smiled a little, that hard smile she had given me that afternoon when I asked if she wanted a drink. She was scary in that bitchy, lonely, almost fifty way some women had. The conversation had seemed difficult; again, she was a hard woman. I paid for our drinks thinking nothing would come of it and it was only standing at her car that the evening seemed a possibility. 

"I have some wine at my place." She had said.

"I like wine." I answered. I neither agreed to anything nor declined an invitation.

"This doesn't have to be some big drawn out thing," she said, that hard smile both off-putting and suggestive at the same time. "I just thought I would put it out there. You know, if you're interested." She paused as if it was my turn to say something. I didn't have anything to say really so I let the silence just hang there. It must have hung around too long. "Well, you can think about it," she finished, allowing the smile to fade. I think that's what it took. I needed the smile to fade. Just as she turned I took a step closing the gap. If I was going to do this it was going to be different. I didn't want to sit around with her watching the Notebook and shit. I took her chin in my hand. That was when I realized how small she really was. She seemed to lift off the ground. I pressed her back against the car. I kissed her, hard, my mouth closed and she grasped at the back of my shirt. When I took a breath she pulled at me, more lifting herself than lowering me, and kissed me back, her tongue all the invitation I needed.

"So you are following me?" she asked.

"Is it far?" I was not invested in this enough to drive very far.

"Like a mile." I figured that was close enough.

She was smiling at me again. She was on her knees doing some sort of cat thing crawling across the floor toward the chair I was in. Her tits were small, there was nothing hanging from her chest but her nipples. They were like small fingers they were so damned long. When she was close enough I reached down for her and took one between my fingers. I pinched, hard. She grimaced. It got rid of the smile. I pinched harder and she arched her back but didn't pull away. 

"Do you like my tits?" she asked, her eyes wide.

"Come here." I said again and she climbed into my lap like a little girl looking for a present except that she wasn't a little girl, she was old and hard and she was making me hard again. When she was close enough I tugged her shirt down her arms and then pulled her bra the rest of the way off. She was naked and tanned. She had freckles. My hand on her back was nearly as wide as her whole body and I pulled her to me until one of her little nips, hard and rubbery was between my teeth.

"Ow." She said quietly, sucking a deep breath through clenched teeth and I bit harder. She wrapped her arms around my head, pressing her tit into my face. "It hurts." She said, gripping my hair in her hands until it pulled. I switched tits. She made the raspy gasping sound again and I realized she was so tiny my hand on her back covered half her ass. I sucked at her tit bruising it between my tongue and teeth and pressed my finger inside of her.

Her pussy was a hot mess, dripping with jizz, and I worked my finger inside of her as she moaned and gasped. Good and wet I pulled my index finger out of one hole and pressed it firmly at the other. "Ow." She said again. She gasped again. I fucked her cunt again, jizzing my finger. This time it would go, I would make sure of it.

"Ow." She said again. "No." As if to remind her I didn't give a shit I again bit her tit so hard that she gasped again. She gripped my head with the full strength of her hard, skinny, little arms and pulled at my hair until I was gritting my teeth too except that between my teeth was that hard little nipple and her back arched and my finger pressed hard against her ass. Her little ass fought back but I was persistent and in the end won out. My finger slid into her to the hilt. She'd said no but once it was in there she moaned, I felt her tiny little ass cheeks clench and despite her grip on me and mine on her tits, she fucked back, her little hips rocking on my finger.

It was right fucking there, what was I supposed to do. I unrolled my fingers. She gasped when I ripped myself free of her asshole, then growled as I forced two fingers into her dripping hole. They came out well lubed and this time when I shoved it up her ass I fingered her wet cunt too. She moaned and gasped and every so often I would suck in one of her tits, biting that shit. She was close. Her whole body was shaking. "Fuck." She was saying. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck," like the little engine that could. She moved those little hips against my fingers. I was hard again and wanted my cock in something and as if she knew, she said it. "Fill my fucking holes. Fuck."

So fucking tiny she was, that when I let loose her titty from my mouth I lifted her off me with my fingers still plugged up her ass and cunt. "Suck it." I said, moving her little body to the arm of the chair. My fingers still easily reached her ass, even as she struggled to get my cock into her mouth. She muttered something, no clue what, but she was on me and I was gonna come quickly, there was no stopping it. 

"Tell me when." She said more clearly this time. I had a free hand and it conveniently pressed her head down, filling her mouth with cock. 

She moaned. I moaned. Then she let loose. With her holes filled, my fingers working her tight ass and dripping pussy she let it go. Her squeal was muffled by dick but the cum that shot out all over my hand and her shitty chair was un-fucking real. She really should give some sort of warning. It didn't matter, I was cumming now and she gasped and gagged. You know when they tell you to warn them they aren't going to swallow it, probably finish you with a hand job or something. In all the years with all the women and all the head I've ever had I have always respected their wishes. I am just that kind of guy. I was going to be weirded out later when I didn't stay to cuddle her but right now I was weirded out by a lot more than that. Lady cum had shot out all over the place and now my jizz, wet and sticky, was jetting at the back of her throat and then spilling out of her mouth all over me. It was a fucking mess. Shit was fucking everywhere. I was still fucking coming though so I let it just play itself out, holding her hard little head down on my dick. 

Finally spent I let her up. I let my fingers free too, shit, I had forgotten I was holding her in place like a fucking bowling ball. On her knees she looked up at me.

"You done?" she asked. 

"Fuck, maybe?" I said, getting positively chatty now.

She wrapped her hand around my cock. It had been well sucked but was still there, surprisingly, as if it still had something on its mind. "It doesn't seem like it." She said. "Lets see."

She pressed her body in some sort of a frog thing with her feet at my hips, her legs folded up, her pussy, well fucked and dripping, pressed down onto my dick. More than her pussy was a mess. Her makeup had run, her hair went every other way it could but down like she wore it. Her lipstick was washed away and her face tasted salty like cum and fucking and it didn't matter because she was fucking me again and I liked it. She forced a kiss on me and I took it, cum and tongue and sweat and fuck and all. She bounced on my lap like it was a riding toy and the angle was fucking awesome. I found my hands free and her little tits right there so I grabbed them. To be nice I was gentle.

"Harder." She said, that smile coming back and I pinched and pulled so that it went away. She did that gasp thing again and then kissed me again.

She came. I could tell because her pussy, hard and strong like the rest of her, pushed my shit right out. Since my dick had given up on her, she fingered her little clitty as she came and I just tugged at her nips and watched. It was a fucking hell of a show.

She finally got me that glass of wine. It wasn't bad, actually, better than I thought it was going to be. She didn't put clothes on. She just trotted around her little apartment, her tiny little tits and cute little ass jiggling the whole time.

"Saturday?" she asked. I just scowled. She said this wasn't going to be some big thing and I just fucking knew it was. I knew I should have stopped myself. I was dressing and she was just sitting there, perched on the edge of a glass top dinette table. It wasn't as crappy as the sofa and shit but it was still a glass top and was pretty shitty. "Saturday morning? You sure? I'm free after spin class. Like 9:30. I'll just be here. Naked. Sweaty." I looked up at her. In one hand she held her wine glass, in the other, she was gently rubbing her clitty, just teasing me with it. Her little legs were so tiny and spread so wide. 

"It's not supposed to be a big thing." I was fully dressed now.

"I've never had someone fuck me so hard I peed. That was fucking new."

"It's not pee. Google it."

"Google it?"

"Google it." I said. My wine was gone. I was leaving. "9:30?"

"9:30 ish. Call me if you are worried about having to wait around."

"K" I answered. I wouldn't call. I didn't have her number and I wasn't about to ask for it. "Bye." I said, pulling the door behind me. The last thing I saw as I left was her hard little body and her skinny little finger working that tight little pussy. "Saturday," I mumbled to myself walking to my car. It could be interesting.