 Sometimes my sexual urges turn into needs. I always submit to my needs...

I am a bad girl. A needy, sex hungry, dirty girl. Sometimes just sitting somewhere like a coffee shop, innocently drinking my tea can cause the most rampant of sexual scenarios. I go through the possibilities in my mind. How big would his cock be? Would she have a shaven cunt? I wonder if he knows how to eat pussy?

I sit and I think. I think and I fantasize. I fantasize and I get wet. I get very, very wet.

Occasionally I get to the point where I need to act. I need to find out the answers to the questions that my mind seeks. I need to suck or fuck. As I said, I am a bad, needy, sexy hungry dirty girl.

Today is the day. Now is the time. And he is my mark.

Across from me sits a very sexy man who is reading a paper without the slightest inkling of the dirtiness that is crossing my mind regarding him. He is tall, over 6 feet, dark hair, deep green eyes. He is muscular and well conditioned. Oh, so well conditioned. His bulge in his pants indicates that he would be very well endowed. *licks lips* Yes, VERY well endowed indeed. He looks up and his eyes meet mine. I do not look away, instead I raise one eyebrow and continue to stare, taking a sip of my drink and then licking my lips - all while staring right at him. The bulge grows. Target acquired.

I begin to bounce my leather boot clad foot back and forth, slowly, while keeping my gaze on him. The dirtiest of thoughts running through my mind. Wondering how he would taste. Wondering how quickly I could make him cum. Wondering if his cock would bottom out in my tight cunt making me scream in pain and pleasure. Wondering about him.

He gestures to me in a way that asks, silently, "can I come sit by you?" I shake my head and bunch up my nose to indicate, "no, stay there." He looks confused and a bit surprised. Good, I like you unbalanced.

I continue drinking my tea and staring at him. He goes back to reading his paper, but shifts uncomfortably in his chair. Good, right where I want you. He looks up at me every so often, and I continue, relentlessly, staring.

For maybe 10 minutes more I drink my tea and tap my foot. Switching my crossed legs seductively and slowly once or twice. Did you notice there are no panties on under my skirt? I think you did. I know you did. The bulge tells me you did.

I am ready. My cunt is soaked and throbbing. Now is the time to see just how alluring I can be. Will he go for it? 

I raise from my seat, grabbing my purse and cup. I straighten my skirt demurely. Yeah, cause I am demure. I walk toward him and he straightens in his seat, his eyes brightening a bit with the possibility that I may talk to him. I walk past him to the trash can to throw away my cup. He slouches. You have no idea, do you?

I turn on my heels and walk back to him. I silently bend down and grab his paper, placing it on the table. He goes to speak and I place a finger on his soft lips and shake my head no.

I grab his hand and pull him up, walking with him hand and hand to the bathrooms. You are so confused.

Pushing open the door to the women's room, I pull him in. Two stalls await us, I choose the larger of the two and pull him in and shut the door. I place my purse on the hook and turn to face him. Oh are you wondering what the hell just happened to you. 

He is tall. Very tall. I get on tip toes and kiss him on the mouth. He tries to speak. I kiss him harder, more fervently. His hands go to the nape of my neck, holding me, controlling me, putting my mouth and head where he wants it. Yes, I knew you would know what to do.

We kiss and my hands roam his chest, his ass and finally to the hardness that is poking me in my thigh. Yes, you will be what I need.

His hands find my lovely, ample breasts. He pulls down my shirt and exposes the hard nipples. Bending down, he takes one breast into his mouth and cups the other. My head falls back as I rub him through his pants. Moans of excitement coming from me. And I could care less who hears me...

I deftly unzip his trousers. I have to have him in my mouth. Now. It is a need.

I drop to my knees and unleash the cock that has been screaming to meet me. He is large and shaved balls! Lucky me! His hands find my hair and gather it up into his fist as I sink onto his cock. Thick, long and throbbing. He holds my head tightly, yet timidly, as if to suggest is this OK? I work his cock with enthusiasm, enjoying his taste and the musky smell of male. I take him deep and make him groan. Ohhh, you like that don't you? and I use my hallowed out cheeks to suck him hard and long. Supplementing my hands with my mouth. His head falls back and hits the side of the stall. I have you now.

I work him until I feel his balls beginning to shrink. Oh how I would love your cum in my mouth, but my cunt needs you and she needs you NOW!

I stand up and turn facing the opposite direction, he needs no instructions, his hands find my hips and bend me over. He is too tall to slide in so he adjusts perfectly and lines up his cock with my cunt. I bend, just a bit and he slides in.

Ooooooh fuck that feels good...I say outloud. He groans at the feeling of my tight, slick pussy as much as the fact that those were the first words I uttered to him.

I wiggle my ass, and push back on him. You get the clue, fuck me harder, faster, deeper!

He begins an assault on my cunt, his cock sliding deep and hard into me, each slap bringing me closer to orgasm. In just seconds I am thrown over the heat of it, my pussy contracting and grabbing onto his cock like two fists grabbing a baseball bat.

Oooooh...fuuuuuuuucccccckkkkkk...

My tightness throwing him over the edge and he fills me with his hot load, spurting deep inside me as he moans his own satisfaction. You will remember this cunt tomorrow, I assure you...

When his shudders calmed and my legs regained strength I turn around, smiling. He looks shocked and satisfied. I bend down and give his cock a quick suck to get all the cum out as well as to taste my own deliciousness on his softening rod. Mmmmm, nothing better than my cum mixed with yours...

I grab my purse and reach in, grabbing a business card. I tuck it into the pocket of his shirt and kiss him on the mouth. I turn, open the stall door and walk out, the cum starting to drip down my leg. A tasty treat for later.

He makes no move to follow me. Obviously stunned and surprised.

I get to my car and buckle my belt. I hear my cell phone ringing. I look at the screen. UNKNOWN NUMBER.

I smile. Target acquired indeed.