 Brice walked up to the counter with a question and a smile. Cassandra immediately recognized him from his pictures- or rather, she thought she did. It was hard to tell in person and in any case, she wasn't about to ask. If it was him, he'd gone a ways out of his way to go shopping for drywall.

"Could you help me find something?"

Normally, she would have declined but seeing as it wasn't very busy- it was nearly closing time- and how she couldn't see another orange apron in sight, she agreed. Besides, if it was the guy from the internet, he was undoubtedly up to something...

"What exactly were you looking for?" She asked, trying to sound as innocent as possible, feeling the blood rush to her face and her palms start to sweat. He wasn't that far behind her, walking fast, his presence in her comfort zone. She could feel him close and for some reason this didn't bother her as much as reason told her it should.

"I need to do some screwing," Brice said, totally deadpan. Cassy's eyebrows arched and she managed not to groan in disgust. "And I need to readjust some plumbing, snake out a blockage."

"I see." It was all she managed to reply to his totally lame and childish innuendo. She led him through the forest of aisles, to a spot she'd known about virtually since the first day there, though she'd never used it. A spot right in the back, between the fixtures and the lamps, where there was empty space inside the plumbing aisle. Normally, displays would be affixed back here but tonight, the space was empty. It was cramped and perfect.

"I think I have what you're looking for in here". She said, trying not to look at his face. He was cute in person too- thank God- and the thought of what she was about to do made her embarrassed. A quart of adrenaline had been dumped into her body now and she started to shiver with anticipation as she ducked down into the dark space and eventually found herself crawling on all fours...

She stopped when she felt him behind her. His hands were sliding along her lower back, running up to her shoulders and neck, griping firmly and sliding back down, applying just enough pressure to feel good. Cassy closed her eyes and bit her lip a little, trying to ignore the nagging feeling of guilt in letting him do this. He'd talked about it before, seemingly jokingly and she's agreed to is weeks before, assuming it would never happen...

His hands moved back up her sides this time, making her arch her back, getting into the feeling of being taken. His hands silently pressed forward, cupping her breasts gently with a perfect amount of teasing where he thought- correctly- her nipples were. Neither said a word as Brice felt her up, though with his slacks pressed into her jeans, she could feel his reaction grow stiffer against her ass. A deep hiss escaped his teeth, exhaling warm and lustful air upon her, a sign that his own control was waning. He wanted to ravish her, to make her feel like the sexiest woman alive, to unleash his desire in and through her very soul, shaking her world to its foundations...

She took in a deep breath, pressing her ass into his crotch. She could feel him pressing into her as well, thrusting his still-clothed member into her soft and now moist behind. Her head twisted to the side as she tried to brush the hair from her face and almost like he read her mind, a hand came up and around to pull it back, before his palm stroked her cheek in as sweet a gesture as the situation allowed. She sighed again and giggled a throaty "oh you're a bastard" giggle, reaching down to rub her increasingly slippery crotch over her zipper. Reaching up under her apron, she undid her button and fly, sliding a hand down between her legs...

Brice took Cassy's cue, and leaned back on his knees, tugging her jeans down to her thighs. Then, one leg at a time, he slid them down to her ankles so she could spread herself as far open as she needed to, for whatever he wanted to do to her. She was waiting for him to decide when she felt his face behind her, his nose buried into her now dripping pussy. He pressed his face in, his tongue probing forward, slipping up and down her lips, pressing forward just enough to make her feel her lips spreading open to admit himself.

Cassy shook as his fingers deftly rubbed her clit in light, steady circles, his lips to hers, his tongue probing inside her. She rocked back and forth against him, enjoying it, taking her time, until his fingers came back and then slid inside her. Brice curled his two fingers down to press against her G-Spot, sliding them in and out but never leaving her completely. Cassy braced herself against the ground, eyes screwed shut, the feeling of someone touching something in her that few had ever managed was amazing and she could feel a pressure building in her crotch, just at the top of her ass...

Brice stopped suddenly, and a hand came up over Cassy's mouth. A few seconds later, she saw shadows down the aisle, and heard the walking of a couple, looking at sink fixtures. His hand withdrew, and so did he, though she thought she hear movement behind her. Her ass in the air for all to see, she waited for him to move next. 

And he did, sliding his slacks down, exposing his thick, hard cock, sticking straight forward like an arrow at the soft brown of Cassy's pussy. He saddled up behind her, a hand on her shoulder, the other on himself, sliding the head- wet with pre-cum- along the outside of her wet, willing sex. 

"Shhhhhh...." He whispered as he slid forward, moving to her wetness and gradually inching in, so as to not hurt her too badly. She could feel him slide in impossibly slow, his head rubbing along her walls, her vagina tightening up on his shaft as he pressed in further, until his head almost tickled her cervix...

Her mouth open, unable to speak, she felt him enter her and she took it all. She took in a sharp breath as he started to pull it out just as slow, then plunged it back in again. He thrust in and out of her, his head never leaving, silent as a shadow while the couple outside discussed gold or silver colored faucets. As soon as they were out of earshot, he ramped up rapidly, slamming into her. Brice's balls slapped her eager pussy lips, his thighs pounding hers his hands on her shoulders, pushing her onto him.

It had been so long for them both. Brice hadn't felt inside a woman, felt connected to another human being in this very intimate way in ages. Cassy hadn't been filled in over a year, and she'd never felt so absolutely desired by any man. He wanted her, she could feel it course through him into her with every deep pelvic thrust. The feeling of acceptance, comfort, trust, and wanton lust was overwhelming her. She tightened up on his thick dick and was rewarded with the feeling of his head growing even larger. He was close...

Brice stopped abruptly and pulled out of her slowly. 

"Roll over, strip." He gently commanded. Cassy did as instructed, her legs up as though on stirrups as he stroked his cock now slick with her sex. When she was on her back, propping herself up on her elbows, he placed himself underneath her legs...and back inside her. This time, her ass rested on his firm thighs as he bucked himself up and down inside her, leaning forward and pressing his body into hers. He reached up and teased her breasts, kissing her deeply as he thrust in and out of her, feeling her tightness tighten on his cock. The feel of cool sticky fluid ran down her ass cheeks as he fucked her faster, rhythmically rocking back and forth...

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm" he moaned around her lips, feeling himself give way in her, thrusting through the climax, until first one, then another, another and then another thick load of warm, sticky cum had coated the inside of her aching cunt. The feeling was too much for Cassy, and Brice kept thrusting- despite the sensitivity- until Cassy soon came after him, her hips shaking as she lost control, hands on his chest, fingers through his hair, seeming to last forever until she collapsed, drenched and spent. For a while, he lay atop her, kissing and nuzzling her neck, sending post coital chills and aftershocks up and down her body, before boring down on her brown eyes with his green gaze. 

"Thank you. See you online." He said, kissing her again before getting up and leaving her with him still inside her. 

Cassy got up, put her pants back on, then her bra, shirt, apron. The rest of the night went by quickly, with small chills running up her spine every time more of his semen squished between her legs. She couldn't wait to get home to check her email.