 Continued from previous...

He took his time and simply drank in her beauty, there she was lying in front of him wearing only her smile, she looked so heavenly and just a bit horny too. Finally after months of chatting on line and a couple of secret liaisons, the two of them had managed to find excuses and make the time to be together.

He didn't want to rush things but he knew that this evening, at least, they couldn't spend the whole night together and he'd have to make do with the few hours that they could be together alone.

She looked up to him and saw his eyes drinking her in and felt the warmth in her grow, she felt the fluttering in her sweetness intensify as the lips of her sex started to open like a flower.

She could not wait any longer, sitting up she grabbed him by the back of his neck and pulled his face to hers, joining lips they kisses with the never failing to surprise him intensity that he always found amazing. She laid back down and for the first time he was on top of her. Her legs parted and he eased himself between them with his hardness touching her sweetness and the underside of his rigid cock just rubbing her clit.

Again, he wanted to consummate their relationship, but he also wanted to give her pleasure, he knew that he was so turned on with her presence that he wouldn't last long the first time they had sex, so he had to delay his wants and needs. His tongue started to play its merry dance down her body, circling her breasts with the tip of his tongue, he planted a delightful kiss on each of her nipples which again caused her to shudder as she felt the flutter getting stronger. She knew she had started to leak, her juices were trickling out of her sex, his fingers had just found that out also. He slid one, then two fingers into her with his thumb caressing her clit, she knew it wouldn't be long before she came and came hard. His constant rubbing of her clit with the pressure his two fingers were exerting on her G spot were causing her to pant and to arch her back. Her eyes were closed tight and she was almost shouting out her pleasure for the whole world to hear. He sensed that she was near again and lowered his mouth to her sweetness and let his tongue join in with the onslaught on her clit, the occasional dip in between her sweet lips to taste her divine nectar heightened his ardor also. Her panting grew stronger intermingled with her holding her breath as her climax approached, his fingers went so fast they we blurred to his vision. He knew that when she came she would likely gush her juices into his face as he had previously been pleasantly surprised when he felt the warmth hit his hand on an earlier liaison. Her time had come, her juices started increasing, her inner lips started to pulsate before his eyes as he lowered his mouth to her sweetness just in time to capture the escaping nectar as it squirted against the back of his throat. He managed to gulp most of it down but he still ended up with a drenched face and neck.

Yet again she held a surprise for him, as she came down from her climax, she pushed him backwards onto the bed and climbed on top of him, but without impaling herself on his rigid 8 inches she rested herself on his taut stomach and leaned forward with as her tongue started to clean his neck and face of her cum.

He couldn't cope with it anymore and reaching for the bed side drawer where he had earlier put some condoms, he grabbed one and ripped it open and frantically tried to get it rolled onto his rigid hardness. It had been many years since he had needed to use a condom, although he had had the snip and had been previously faithful to his partner, it was only polite to not to assume that they wouldn't be required. In his haste and lack of recent experience of putting the condom on, he had put it on inside out and the damn thing wouldn't roll down far enough. She wasn't aware of the problem with the condom, but had seen his actions with the packaging and knew that she could fall for this guy beneath her as he had not presumed to fuck her without protection, she even knew that he had had the sip from talking with him in the chatroom many months before.

She also couldn't wait any longer to feel his hardness penetrate her insides and backed down onto his waiting and almost ready hardness. He realized what was about to happen and certainly didn't want the moment to be spoiled by halting proceedings, so although he knew that the condom wasn't fully unrolled, he let and wanted her to mount him. The tip of his hardness nestled between her open lips and as she slid down onto him they both let out a gasp of fulfillment as they felt their bodies become one. As she rose and fell upon him the feelings he sensed where of intense pleasure yet also of intense pain, he knew he had to stop their first fuck as the trapped condom was spoiling it, certainly for him, and possibly for her (to this day he still doesn't know if she felt something was amiss). Quickly rolling her off him and onto her back, he withdrew his hardness from her and pulled off the condom, discarding it into the wastebasket. Retrieving another condom from the drawer he steadied himself as he correctly rolled the new one onto his 8 inches and with one fluid motion aligned his hardness with her lips and plunged the whole length deep inside her in one go. She let out a gasp as his hardness completely filled her, she had never felt so full in her life. The walls of her vagina were being stretched more than she had experienced before and she felt him touch the deepest part of her sex where no one had managed to touch previously. She wanted more of this, much, much more of this!

He was right, he didn't last too long and as he felt himself about to explode he cried out that he was about to come, as she heard this she wrapped her legs around his butt and pulled him in closer. He felt the explosion come, she felt the warmth of his come enter her as her own little explosion occurred in her head and she wished that he had actually come inside her and not the condom. She knew that she had to have his come in her one day.

As they both came down from their climaxes, they kissed passionately and he knew that he wouldn't take long to be ready to go again. He withdrew is almost softening cock from her warmth and carefully peeled off the used condom, she couldn't resist him and again engulfed him straight into her mouth, teasing him with her tongue and licking his come from his shaft. This stopped any further softening and he rapidly became hard again, she knew that he was ready again and was delighted with the recovery rate of her "now" lover and was ready to receive him once more immediately. 

"Do me doggy!" was all she commanded of him. As she got on all fours, he again opened the bedside drawer and realized that he had only bought a packet of three and was wondering if he had underestimated their desire for each other. As he applied the third and final condom he bent forward to let his tongue taste her wetness. His tongue found her hole and slide effortless into her whilst his nose just tickled her rosebud, which caused yet another pleasant surprise for him as her reaction to his accidental touch of a previously forbidden (in his experience) place was very positive, he made a mental note to explore this further if he was lucky enough to get to see her again.

He managed to steal himself away and kneel close behind her, with one hand on his hardness he aligned it with her lips and as he looked down her could see her hand reach between her own legs and her fingers opened herself up for him. As he entered her again he could see her fingers rub her clit ferociously as she slammed herself back onto him.

"FUCK ME," she cried out "FUCK ME HARD!"

He slammed himself hard into her.

"HARDER!" she shouted

Harder he fucked her.

"DON'T STOP, FUCK ME AS HARD AS YOU CAN" she demanded, he did not disappoint. He slammed into her with all his might and he lifted her knees off the bed as he did.

"OH YES!" she gasped "OH MY LORD, I'M GONNA CUM!"

As she let go, so did he, her juices spurting out down the side of his shaft as his come filled the tip of the condom. They were spent, together they collapsed onto the bed and could savor their first time alone together. 

As they basked together in the afterglow of their passion, they both knew that it was not going to be a one off affair.....

More to follow soon...!