 You sit in the chair before me, hunched over some paperwork spread out on the kitchen table. Stress is racking your body, I can see it in your shoulders and neck. You reach up and begin rubbing a muscle in your neck. I step up behind you and replace your one hand with both of mine and begin rubbing the tense muscles in your neck and shoulders. You moan long and deep, then suck in a deep breath of air as you relax into my fingers and hands.

"That feels so good." You say to me, dragging out the 's'. You then start moaning again. I'm getting turned on listening to your moans, so long, and deep, and extremely erotic. I'm reminded of our copulation the previous night when I was eating your delicious pussy and your moans were just as long, and deep, and erotic. My cock swells and strains against my underwear as I continue my administrations to the tight muscles.

My mind wanders. How many times have I fantasized about using a massage to seduce sex out of a woman? When I was young I remember fantasizing about my neighbor, giving her a massage, seducing her out of her clothes, and then fucking her. How many other fantasies? Countless. As I'm fond of saying; "All the women I've had with my hand." I want to try and seduce you into bed, no, I have to seduce you into bed, I'm so turned on right now, picturing your moans are not from this massage but from me, my tongue, my fingers, my cock. I have to try.

"Would you like to lay down in bed? I could then get at your back. Would you like that?" I ask as innocently as I can, my cock stretching the fabric and pressing into the back of the chair.

You hum, "I don't know..." 

"Well, it's up to you. Do you want a massage or not?" I stop, and the sound of my voice I hope conveys that the window of opportunity is slowly closing, forcing you to make a quick decision. With the stimulation gone I hope I've already secured your answer.

You hum, "Sure. Okay."

"Okay, lets go." I reach for your hand and help you up. Still holding it in my hand, guiding you, holding onto your resolution to do this, and closing any doors of reluctance and doubt.

You lay on your stomach on the bed like a board, arms at your sides and legs pressed together, head resting on the soft downy pillow. I can see already that this will take a bit, but patience is a virtue if I am to have yours.

I begin by sitting crosslegged next to you and start using my hands to manipulate the flesh beneath your clothes. Working my hands up and down your spine, small and large circles across your ribs and shoulder blades, your shoulders and neck. After a few minutes I sigh and ask if it would be okay if I stradled your legs as it would give me better access to all of your back and not just one side. Under the hypnosis of massage you consent and I gently stradle your legs. You can't see my smile, but it's there.

I begin again my administrations to the muscles of your back, up and down your spine, small and large circles across your ribs and shoulder blades, your shoulders and neck, and now I include your hips slowly working your shirt up. After a few minutes, I sigh and ask if it would be okay if you took off your shirt as the fabric is bunching up and making it hard to massage your back. Deep under the hypnosis of massage you consent and I help you take off the cumbersome article of clothing as you are far too relaxed to do it yourself. When it is off and discarded to the floor, I see you were wearing no bra. I smile wide again as I see you've placed your arms beneath the pillow that cradles your head, exposing the sides of your breasts to me. 

I begin anew my massage. My hardon slightly pressing into the crevice between your legs, its not straining painfully, but still uncomfortable. I massage up and down your spine, small and large circles across your ribs and and shoulder blades and down to your love handles, your shoulders and neck, and your hips. I begin to include your upper thighs and I ask you if you want me to massage your legs. Comfortably under the hypnosis of massage you consent. I tell you as I part your legs that it's for easier access. I smile wide again as now I've spread your legs to my administrations.

I rub your hips and thighs down to your calves, working my hands around the muscles. I sigh and ask if it would be okay to take off your pants as it's hard to get to the muscles. By now you're in full consent and willingly letting yourself be seduced. I remove your pants and socks and place them next to the shirt on the floor, and place a leg on each side of me giving me a beautiful view of your panties hugging your pussy. My cock jumps and I can feel the wet precum that is soaking my underwear.

With renewed vigor I massage your legs starting instead at your feet, working the sole of your foot and each individual toe, up to your smooth calves pushing my thumbs into the muscles, up to your thighs and making circles inching my way towards your pussy. Once there I run my thumbs along the cleft between your ass and thigh, what I like to call the 'sweet spot'. Then I rub your ass in small circles then large, parting your cheeks with every stroke. I work my thumbs under the fabric and beging rubbing down to your pussy, my thumbs reaching your pussy lips and massaging them open and close. Your moan is deep and erotic and my cock presses painfully against my underwear. 

Feeling the time is perfect, without verbal consent I remove your panties, but you lift your hips making it easier to remove them. I hold them to my face and inhale the musky aroma of them, I can feel the yearning for you deep in my loins as I do this. I take this moment to remove my clothes and you wait patiently for me to return.

I climb back between your legs running my hands up them as I advance, running them over your ass pulling your cheeks apart, then up your sides caressing the sides of your pleasant breasts, then back down again. I reach next to you and grab an unused pillow and ask you to raise your hips. You do and I slide the pillow beneath them raising the object of my affection for easier access. Stradling one of your legs I lean forward laying my head on your ass like a pillow and I use my hand and glide it across your pussy lips rubbing them in circles. My hot breath is on your ass blowing down towards your pussy. As I rub it so gently, I snake my other hand underneath and begin rubbing your ass just above your perenium. You sigh with pleasure.

I insert my middle finger into your pussy, working it deeper inside you with every push. You sigh with pleasure again. I take my other finger away from your asshole and stick it in my mouth thoroughly coating it with spit, and tasting your pungent flavor. I press the slippery digit against your ass again and press it inside you ever so gently, working it deeper with every forward thrust. I'm now pumping fingers easily out of both beautiful entrances and I hear you moan into the pillow as the sweet waves of pleasure sweep over and through you. I lean my head down between my fingers and lick the place of skin between them, your perenium. The sounds you are making are driving me insane with desire, my cock is practically dripping precum like a faucet. There is a large wetspot on the sheet from me.

Your orgasm hits you, and you buck your hips in release. Your body trembles as the waves pulse through you. I continue plunging my fingers into you and licking between them, riding out your orgasm to it's blissful conclusion.

I pull my slippery fingers out of you and climb between your thighs, leaning into you. I guide my rigid and straining cock to your pussy with one hand, and brace myself up with the other. I slip sweetly inside you, and bracing myself with both hands I begin pumping my hips, pushing inside you then almost out, inside then almost out, inside then almost out. I love it. I adjust my legs to support some of my weight and push your ass cheeks apart so I can watch myself move in and out of you. I love to watch it. It is almost unreal, the pleasure I feel as I melt inside you with every thrust. You are wrapped around me wholly. I am in you and we are one. 

I release your cheeks and lay down on top of you still undulating my hips, continuing to push in and out of you. You prop yourself up on your elbows and I reach under you to massage your small, beautiful breasts, tugging and rubbing the nipples. 

I can feel the heaviness in my balls as I'm about to cum, and I tell you over and over that I'm almost there. You reply with a throaty 'fuck me', and like a skipping record you repeat this over and over, and I thrust into you faster and harder in response. I begin cumming inside of you and after the first few spurts I slow my sensitive thrusts, while you begin bucking your hips in the throws of your own second powerful orgasm.

Spent and exhausted I collapse on top of you but quickly roll to the side after my spent cock slips from you. We lie together in post orgasmic bliss.

End.