 Harleigh Starr woke up to the sun streaming inside Thomas' bedroom from a window. They had made love again after they rested from when she practically attacked him upon entering his home, as well as early in the morning when she woke up and went to use the bathroom, only to come back to a horny Thomas wanting to make love again. She felt blissful, a far cry from what she felt just 24 hours ago.

She knew she'd have to go back for her stuff, and she dreaded the long drive back to where she lived with her now-ex-boyfriend, Jacob. She had just thought that Thomas was just a fling, but she had never forgot him as she had tried to patch things up with Jacob. Thomas was passionate, intense, and very creative in bed, all the things that Jacob was not. He also was enthusiastic, which made Jacob look like a virgin in her eyes.

He lay there on the bed, naked, and she saw his cock poking out from under the sheets. She crawled back onto the bed and stared at it, wondering if her lover would appreciate being woken up to a blow job. She didn't care, because she wanted that cock in her mouth, and if he didn't like it, so what?

She took it into her mouth slowly, savoring the feel of the ridges of his hard cock against her tongue. She slowly blew him, caressing his balls with every stroke. She kissed and licked up his shaft, and it glistened in the morning light with her saliva. She couldn't wait for her lover to pump her hard with that cock again, and she hoped that her oral loving would inspire him to wake up and give her what she wanted.

He began to stir a bit, then his head raised up and he saw his lover going down on him. "Hello, darlin'," he said in his deep bedroom voice, and the huskiness turned her on even more. "Why don't you swing those hips over here so I can give as well as I'm getting?"

She thought about it for a second, but shook her head. "Not this time, babe, because I want to show you how much I love sucking your cock!" He smiled and allowed her to keep going with her oral pleasures. She teased his head with her tongue, using the very tip of it to tease the opening where his hot cum would soon shoot out into her again. She loved the feel of him coming inside her, and she wanted that feeling again.

When she was satisfied with blowing him, she asked him if he had any lube. "Yeah, I do. Why do you ask?" Thomas asked with an arched eyebrow.

"Because I want you in my ass, babe! Despite all we did last night, you haven't fucked me in the ass yet, and I want to feel your cum in my ass!" she said with a purr.

At the mention of her desire for anal sex, his cock noticeably grew more erect. Harleigh knew he loved anal sex, and she was about to give him plenty of it. She got up and passed him the bottle of lube and let him prime her up good. He took his time with it, as he always did. He slid one finger inside and slowly pushed it in, twisting it as he moved it inside and out. Then he used a second finger the same way to really stretch her asshole, and when she was ready, he wiped his hands off with one of the baby wipes he kept in his night stand. She smiled as he flipped her over onto her back and positioned himself to enter her ass.

She bit her lip as his cock entered her ass, but the short sharp sense of pain soon gave way to the pleasure of feeling his hard dick inside her ass again. He pushed it all the way in and kept it there, letting her savor the sensation. "You like that, huh?" he asked.

"Mmm-hmmm! It's divine!" Harleigh replied, and he slowly slid it almost out, then gently pushed it back in. He kept this slow, gentle pace up for a while, letting her relax and adjust to having him pump her ass. She looked up at him and said, "I love it when you fuck my ass, Thomas! Your cock feels so good inside there!"

Thomas smiled as he began to slowly increase the rhythm of his thrusting, and her moans started to get a little louder with each thrust. Her fingernails clawed into her back as she began to feel the building of pleasure inside her body. He varied his rhythm several times, going from slow and deep to quick and fast strokes. She really loved it when he would pull his cock almost all the way out, then push it back into her hard.

He could feel her getting close, so he pounded her ass good to help her rush to her first orgasm of the morning. Her back arched as she came, and he kept pumping her to let her get the most out of the orgasm.

Without a word, she gently pushed him down onto the bed and reinserted his cock inside her ass. She wanted to ride his cock in her ass, and the sensation was incredible. He let her dictate the pace, and she closed her eyes as she raised and lowered herself onto his hard manhood. He gently fondled her breasts, squeezing them and playing with her nipples as she gently grinded down onto his dick.

He reached over to his nightstand and brought out a vibe, and she cooed at his inventiveness. He smiled and took the vibe to her mouth, letting her suck it off, then trailing it down her body. He rolled it over her breasts, letting the vibrations tease her nipples. She couldn't wait for him to move the vibe to where she instinctively knew he intended to place it. He trailed it down her belly and began to place it on her clit, and the sensations shot through her, and she cried out in surprise at their intensity. "Turn around. I wanna do something!" he said, and she twisted around into the reverse anal cowgirl position, and she leaned back and he kissed the back of her neck as he traced her body with the vibe, going up and down her torso.

He slid the vibe down to her clit and danced it ever so tantalizingly close to her pussy. She silently wished him to place the vibe inside her pussy, but he deliberately teased her by going all around it. "You want it inside you, don't ya?" he asked.

"Uh huh!" she said breathlessly.

"Beg me for it!" he said with an evil but playful sneer.

"Please, babe, will you slide that vibe into my sweet snatch and get me off?"

He laughed and slowly slid the vibe inside the opening of her pussy, and her head flew back and splayed him with all of her read hair. He slowly pushed it all the way inside her, and began a slow rhythm with both the vibe and his cock. She began to moan louder and louder as he sped up, syncing the vibe and his cock until they were bouncing off the bed with the speed and power of each thrust. She came hard again, and he felt himself coming close to shooting off his load.

But he wasn't ready yet, as he flipped her over onto her belly and began to pound her ass hard doggie style. He still had the vibe and he placed it against her clit and went at it like a man possessed. She came hard again, and she could feel an even more powerful orgasm building inside her. "OH GOD, THOMAS!!! I'M GONNA SQUIRT!!!" she cried, and he went at her even faster, deeper and harder than she ever imagined he could. She was literally screaming with pleasure as the orgasm grew and grew inside her. When he finally could not hold his load inside him any longer, the act of shooting off inside her ass sent her over the edge, and the orgasm burst forth inside her, and she squirted for the first time in her life! He kept thrusting and thrusting, giving her as much of his remaining cock as he could, until it finally went flaccid and he stopped his pistoning.

He stayed inside her, and they both panted at the sheer amount of physical exhurtion. "Was that good, Harleigh?" he asked.

"Best I ever had!" she said, and he leaned down and kissed her on the shoulder.

As they lay side by side, she looked at the stain she had made in his bed. "Damn, I didn't think I let out that much vaginal juices when I came!"

"Well, this is one time I don't mind changing the bed at all!" he said.

"But not now, because I want to lay here for a while!" she said, and they began to kiss all over again.