 So.....despite my every precaution, disclosure now seemed inevitable. Not too many times in my life had I been trapped circumstantially leg-before-wicket (that's gonna confuzzle North American non-cricket followers!), especially in my own home. Hell, this was looming as the biggest domestic threat since Eve ripped off that Granny Smith, handed it to Adam and said "Have a bite hun!" Natalie too - the indisputable queen of deductive logic!

"It's not what it seems sweetheart," I said, hastily replacing the top on the tube of cream.

"Really dad?" she queried. "I walk in and find my two younger sisters lying on Kylie's bed with their panties down, their legs apart and you touching them?"

"That's not true Natalie," Kylie interjected, "Dad was..."

"Oh, shut-up Kylie," she cut her sister off. "I can see what he was doing!" 

"Stop it you two," I said. It was time to assert some authority!

"Now look here Natalie," I continued, "I can see what it must look like, but I was just rubbing cream on them. No big deal. I used to do it to you when you were sore - remember?"

"Yeah, when I was six or seven dad. You don't do that to girls when they're eighteen and nineteen. They DO have their own fingers you know." 

Damn, she was good! She wasn't finished though.

"Why are you both suddenly so sore anyway?" she asked them. Straight-up curve ball!

Jenna certainly didn't help anyone's cause by blushing and giggling.

"You three must think I'm retarded or something," she muttered. "You've all been acting real suss recently. You seem to go out together quite a bit now and let's face it...those are long 'shopping trips!' Don't want to embarrass you Jenna but I know you and Kylie have been...you know... "mucking about" with each other a bit. You just didn't know I knew did you? I almost walked in on you both a couple of times."

"If only" I couldn't help thinking suddenly. Kylie was in deep shock. Jenna was deep red.

"And anyway dad," Natalie turned to me - she was so damned pretty when she was angry. I'm not stupid. I wondered ages ago if you had ever gone to those parties. I knew about them when I was in year eleven."

I looked at Kylie and Jenna then back at Natalie. There was no point denying it. Besides she had too many old-school contacts. It would have been a cinch for her to dig up everything, using her detective talents.

"You have all been there haven't you?" she said, the realisation hitting home.

"I can't believe it dad. You let your two teenage daughters - my sisters, get fucked by other men while you watched?" She was almost shaking. "And what? you did it with other girls too?" I wanted a chaplain!

Then as if following up on her own thoughts.... "OMG, have you done it with them too dad?" She began sobbing and was about to leave.

"Natalie...please, just listen to me a moment. That's all I ask."

She glared at me through fresh waves of tears. 

"You are right sweetheart, so totally right. I have betrayed your trust and love I guess - though God help me, not deliberately. Maybe I am just weaker than you had supposed. Maybe weaker than I had supposed even! But let me tell you this, I never encouraged them, incited them or even suggested they went. It was curiosity I suppose got them there but I give you my word, they have never been forced to do anything against their will, nor have they been hurt in any way."

"Come off it dad," she raged at me, "That's a total cop-out. You're supposed to look-after your daughters, not sit there watching while other way-older guys fuck them. That's soo gross! Not to mention you with other young schoolgirls. I thought you were different dad, I really did!"...she wasn't through yet.

"And you say they've never been hurt? What about emotionally? What happens in a few years when they look back at this and hate you for what you did." Now that was heading off into unchartered waters.

"Natalie," I said, "Look at them - really look at them. Do they strike you as unhappy? introverted? miserable as all hell? mis-led even? Have you seen any incidence of either being in any way unhappy recently?

She thought about that for a moment. "No, I suppose not. But that doesn't make what you're doing right dad."

"No, it doesn't Natalie, I agree with that."

Jenna who had been keenly following the entire exchange, then spoke.

"Look Natalie, even if dad maybe shouldn't have let us go....we badgered him to take us. Not just once...continuously. You know how Kylie never lets up. Anyway, what dad said is true. We have never been made to do anything except have a good time. Believe it or not, we have met heaps of nice people...girls too. Brianna, Chantelle (that's not the 27 year old - see FORGET HARPER VALLEY PTA) and Louise go as well.

"Brianna?" she gasped, "And her dad?" Jenna nodded.

Natalie was quiet for a bit. The tears, mainly of anger and extreme disappointment I suspect, had stopped momentarily.

"Well while we're at it," she added turning to me, "Tell me the truth dad, have you been doing it with my sisters?"

"Yes, I have Natalie," I looked at her squarely "And rightly or wrongly, never have I loved either of them more than while we did it."

She just looked at me. "This is because mom walked out isn't it?"

"What? You think I just had to have sex with a girl? any girl? Even my daughters? No Natalie, you're wrong there. I did it with them because I wanted to...because I love them beyond everything and although you will never understand or believe this - I don't regret it."

"Nor do we dad," It was Kylie. She got off the bed came over and hugged me. Don't ask me why but I felt like crying just then. "I've loved everything you and I have done dad, so has Jenna. We both love you heaps." she glared at Natalie. "If you can't handle that Nat....too bad!" 

This was the Kylie I knew and loved. Proud, feisty and fiercely loyal.

Natalie was crushed by her sister's emotional strength. It was surging out of her. Even I felt it. I just hugged her to me. She kissed me on the lips passionately as Natalie looked on in utter confused shock. Talk about a Mexican stand-off.

'Y..You're all basket cases," she flung at us, turning on her pretty little heels and flouncing out the door - presumably to her own room.

"Shall I go to her dad?" Kylie offered.

"No sweetie," I replied, "Wouldn't achieve anything. She has to think the whole thing through on her own. I doubt its going to make any difference though - I figure I have really burnt all my bridges with her - big time!"

"She still loves you dad," Jenna put in. "I think she's just in shock."

Inside, I was worried. Natalie and I had always been so close. She WAS me....just a few decades younger! Same outlook, perceptions, likes, dislikes...movies even! I was distraught at the likelihood of my having tossed all that out the window for what now might well have been a foolish bit of gratuitous pleasure. Had I possibly wrecked Kylie and Jenna's lives too. It weighed heavily on me.

Later that week and in the light of calm and reflective thought I decided that definitely Kylie and Jenna were far too happy and well balanced behaviorally to be in any way adversely affected. Just to be on the safe-side though, after I brought them home from school the next day or so, we all behaved ourselves - that wasn't easy!

Things were developing with Larissa also. She was able to let me take her to dinner mid-week and that definitely took my mind off the situation with Natalie. Didn't take my mind off sex though and having driven her home around eleven-ish, George had the extreme good-taste to whisper to me when we had a moment together. "Look I'm comfortable with anything you have planned with Larissa - please use the main bedroom if you want a bit of privacy."

I could have hugged him. Fact is, with her school holiday starting a week earlier than my girls' she didn't have to be up early next morning, and thus I gratefully accepted his offer. I knew Kylie and Jenna wouldn't mind. 

It was one of her hot little turns. Slipping everything off bar her knickers, she crept under the covers with me and started that pleading, wanting thing that always drives me to distraction. How beautifully soft were her lovely breasts that night, how sweet-tasting her young nipples, as she guided them into my mouth. Gently slipping my hand inside her panties I just caressed her as I kissed her. She was moaning with an urgency that could only ever have been satisfied by the slipping of my erection up into her. She gave me everything that evening - her whole being and I loved her for it. I stayed the night obviously and I am quite sure readers will find this hard to grasp, but Larissa wanted her dad to be with her later that night and so between 2 am and dawn, we both made love to her, each one kissing and fondling her while the other gently penetrated her. She went to sleep between us knowing that we would be continuing to fuck her all night and so hot was this, we must have cum in her four or five times each by the time the first rays of light appeared. It was as beautiful as life gets.

Inevitably I got the call that Steve would be hosting the next party at his place that Saturday. For some reason, I looked forward to it rather than fearing it. 

Natalie had studiously avoided all contact with me and I figured our relationship was pretty much at an end. I wouldn't even have been surprised if she had announced her intention to move-out with a couple of girlfriends. 

Not long after dinner was finished Friday night, I was half-way through washing-up (nothing clears out the kitchen quicker than wash-up time) when who should saunter in but my ex-daughter! I kinda smiled at her but made no overtures of reconciliation, having not the least idea of what was coming.

"You're all going again tomorrow aren't you?" she announced rather than asked.

"Probably the last one ...but yep!" I said. She looked puzzled.

"Why would it be the last one?"

"Well, even before you threw your little spaz up there sweetie," I inclined my head up towards the bedrooms, "I was figuring we really didn't need to be doing this too much more. I already told Kyles and Jenna that!"

"You didn't say that the other day dad?" she levelled at me.

"Er, well I didn't have too many chances to say anything Natalie, did I?"

I didn't score any points with that one.

"Why do you want to stop going then? Are my sisters fed-up with it?"

That did make me smile. "Hardly Nat, matter of fact I think they'd go every week given the chance. No, its just that, well to be honest with you, I think they're liking it too damn much."

She was quiet for a moment.

"What actually happens at these parties dad?"

"Well Nat, if you've heard about them you must have some ideas as to what goes on there. No-one goes to play chess you know."

Again, she was reflective.

"I just don't understand how fathers could let their daughters do it with other men dad. Or how the girls can watch their fathers doing stuff to their friends."

I thought it best not to mention that occasionally their moms are involved in the whole thing. That would have brought her emotionally undone.

She seemed to be struggling with some internal conflict.

"What would you say if I wanted to go and see for myself dad?"

I had to grab a hold of the table for support, my legs were caving-in under me.

"Natalie, that really isn't a great idea, I don't think you'd like what you'd be seeing. What am I saying? You'd be appalled! How would you handle seeing your sisters being er, kissed, groped...or worse?" 

"You mean getting fucked dad?" She never was one to mince words.

"Yeah, I guess I do," I replied staring at the floor for inspiration here.

"To tell you the truth," she replied, "I have no idea how I'd feel about it. It's what you said about the first time.....I'm just curious I suppose."

Although I would never have dared mention it, just the thought of Natalie coming and actually seeing what I knew she would, was playing havoc with my imagination. It wasn't that I pre-supposed she would actually "do" anything - matter of fact I figured she would be so disgusted, she would want to go home after twenty minutes...maybe less. 

As it was, I was surprised that she went to the trouble she did Saturday morning to look nice. Incredible with a bit of make-up, how similar the three of them looked and with almost a five year gap between Jenna and Natalie, you would never have picked it. Natalie has looked sixteen ever since she was fourteen and still does.

I would be lying if I said I didn't have an erratic pulse by the time we made Steve's place - not more than five minutes beyond George's home. It was a return to cavernous living, a sprawling Cape Cod on a huge private block. No need for bouncers!

Like so many of us, Steve was yet another divorced single-parent (all these moms not too interested in doing the hard yards, when it comes to helping bring up their own children!) His daughter Luane was actually one of the young brunette cuties I saw hanging around at Warwick's place, but never having been introduced, I didn't know who she was. She was Jenna's age but attends a nearby college, which is why we didn't recognise her face. Luane was helping her dad co-welcome all the guests and right hospitable did she look in that mega hot mini-skirt. 

To say Natalie caused a stir would be the year's biggest understatement. So similar in looks, height, profile and manner (although they're all quite alike in that respect) the whispering started immediately. "Damn, there's THREE of them," was one such comment. Natalie tossed him a withering look as we crossed the hallway.

Jerry threw a nervy turn!

Pulling me aside after we entered the main loungeroom, he asked incredulously, "Jeeze Noel, how did you get her to come?" He couldn't have been greatly more impressed if I had parted Sydney Harbor that very morning!

"I didn't Jer," I answered truthfully, "Fact is, she asked if she could come....and don't get any ideas, it wasn't to take-part in anything either. Just to see what goes down, as it were."

"You mean I shouldn't...." I cut him off,

"Don't even think about it, not unless you want a really pretty little foot in your reproductives!" I warned. "She did a year's karate too - top of her grade as I recall!" 

"Gotcha," he replied, "No push-over huh?"

"Only if she's doing the pushing Jer," I smiled back.

Just then Warwick found me.

"Did I see what I think I saw?" he asked breathlessly.

"Damn it," he said, "How can one man have three such sexy daughters? How the hell did you get her here, I thought she knew nothing about it?"

"Yeah, well so did I Warwick," I replied, "Looks like I stuffed up. But like I was just telling Jer, she's not here to get her gear off or have someone do it for her. She just wanted to check the place out."

He looked bitterly disappointed, imagining most likely the three of them spreadeagled across a bed panting their hot little tongues out.

"Oh, that right?" he muttered, "Well maybe we can get her to change her mind on that score," he added hopefully.

"Good luck on that one Warwick," I told him, "Hope your health insurance is paid up to date."

I left them to it and started mingling with a few other guests to see who was here. Jenna and Kylie were dragging Natalie with them to what looked like a girls-only corner of the room. I could see Michelle, Caitlin and Brianna down the far end too.....better my two girls introduce Natalie around than me I figured. 

A soft feminine arm lobbed on to my shoulder.

Turning to see its owner, I could see at once, Larissa had outdone herself today. Her hair up for a change, she looked straight off the cover of Vogue. The most beautiful pendant earrings hung from her lovely ears, not that I was particularly studying their workmanship - that mega low-cut top put paid to that likelihood. The last word in good taste, she had on a one-piece dress, almost a ballroom gown, that clung to her in all the right places. She kissed me and I forgot why I was there....actually I wasn't even sure where I was.

"That was such a wonderful night last Wednesday," she whispered, eyes wide open with promise, her perfume shutting down my biological systems one by one. She knew exactly what effect she was having. 

Luckily there was a spare chair nearby, I pulled her on to my lap. Such a doll was she, I couldn't bear to touch anything for fear of wrecking the visual perfection. Dammit though, having that soft little bottom causing the most delightful friction against my upper legs was not far off an early morning bugle call.

"The pleasure was all mine sweetheart," I told her. "Well, and your dad's too I have to say." She blushed, which only prodded my desire for her further.

"Dad really likes you," she said, letting me put my arms around her and holding her tight to me. "He trusts you." 

"I like him a whole lot too," I confided to her. "No one else here I'd be saying that of...believe me."

"No, there's a few creeps around, that's for sure," she replied, nuzzling her face up to mine. Right then, George appeared beside us. I extricated an arm and shook his hand firmly. "George, your daughter must be the most beautiful girl in this room...may I take her straight home please?" 

He smiled. "Well speaking of daughters Noel, I just saw three of the prettiest sisters over there," he indicated the group of girls clustered together. "And they look remarkably similar....you wouldn't know anything about that would you?"

Larissa sat up. "Don't tell me Natalie is here?"

"Well not sure whether that's a good thing or not sweetie, but she kinda found out about these little get-togethers and wanted to come to see what they were like. I warned her she wasn't likely to be too happy with what she saw."

"She'll die," said Larissa.

"No, more than likely someone else will be doing that, if I know Natalie," I answered.

"Mind if I go and meet her?" George asked.

"Sure thing," I replied. You're the one person here I think has a chance with her.....um, to just get talking I mean." He smiled and walked off.

"Well sweetie," I said looking down at those full sensual lips, "What am I going to do with you then?"

"Anything you like," she answered sweetly.

"Love to take full advantage of that offer Larissa," I teased her, "But not here." I kinda went quiet and she picked up on it.

"Anything wrong?" she asked, her expression of immediate concern so attractive on that little face.

"No beautiful," I lied. I really didn't want to go into my thoughts as to her active participation in the group. What rights had I anyway? "Just thinking about Natalie and how mad she's gonna get pretty soon."

She took my hand and squeezed it. "It'll be Ok...She must know what goes on basically Noel. Ever thought she might like it?"

"Yeah right," I answered "And maybe she's already planning a secret little visit to my bedroom tonight?.......I think not!"

Larissa said nothing but just kissed me. All my thoughts melted away.

Telling her I'd be back as soon as I could, I left her in the chair and headed-off for an early showdown.

It was pretty crowded, there must have been almost forty people there. Collecting hugs from Brianna, Caitlin and Michelle on the way, I found buried deep in the throng of bodies along the far wall a somewhat predictable sight. "Setting" might be a better word. A cluster of chairs, one containing Jerry, with Jenna on his lap. Warwick in an adjoining chair looking smug as all hell with Kylie balanced neatly on his knee, both of them totally decent still. While a third chair pulled up close by, contained Natalie alone, chatting rather animatedly with George. Wayne and Steve were kinda crouched down between them all, talking to whoever would listen. Another man who I had never seen before, was standing behind Jenna's chair, most likely looking down her top. You couldn't blame him!
