 Harry had completely forgotten that he had an appointment with his immediate superior on Thursday. Every quarter all staff had to have a review of their performance and Thursday was the day.

Harry's immediate boss was called Samara. She was an Asian girl, about thirty, and was obviously destined for high office if the speed of her promotions was anything to go by. She had been married since she was sixteen, an arranged marriage in India. It was rumoured that her parents had made a basic error in that Samara's husband was a bit short in the intelligence department. She more than made up for it though.

Harry was reminded of his meeting as soon as he looked at his diary in the morning. He wasn't too bothered. He liked Samara and they seemed to hit it off. She had been born in England and her accent, if any, was local. Harry knocked on the door of the interview room reserved for them promptly at ten o'clock. It was the same room that he had interviewed Sue and her husband in yesterday! His cock twitched and he opened the door as he heard a 'come in' from the other side.

"Good morning Harry," smiled Samara. "You are very punctual, as usual; I brought the coffee in as I knew you wouldn't be late."

"Thanks Samara, I really need that," smiled Harry wanly, his exhaustion still affecting his powers this morning.

"Yes, I have heard that your social life has taken a bit of an upturn lately," smiled Samara mysteriously. "Anyway, this won't take long. We see each other often enough to have no real secrets from each other, at work anyway! Let's have coffee and chat"

The business part of the meeting took about five minutes. It ended with a laugh when he told Samara his next ambition, to have her job as soon as she got her next promotion.

"I hope that will be at another branch, Harry. There's not enough room for two brilliant people here, is there? Did you wonder what I meant about your social life?"

"Yes," queried Harry, "I have been wondering what you know that I don't."

"Quite simple really" she laughed. "My friend and next door neighbour is called Joan and she works with your new friend Kate. So I've heard all about you and Kate and you and Jan because Kate told Joan and she told me because she knew that we must work together."

"God, it's still a small world, isn't it," groaned Harry. "I hope Kate hasn't told her any details."

"No, not really." Unusually, Samara giggled and looked down, "er, only about the size of, er, things." She looked up shyly and Harry could have sworn that she was blushing under her tanned skin. So was Harry but then his cock twitched.

He smiled sheepishly.

"Harry, will you please have lunch with me today? I need to talk to someone and I don't think I could talk about this to a girl, especially as I supervise all the others in our age group. Please say you will come."

"OK, if you think I can help you with whatever it is."

"Oh, I don't know if you can. It's having someone to confide in that I need. We'll have to go early today so that the others get all their interviews done. Half past eleven suit you?"

"Fine," said Harry, standing. "Don't worry, Samara, there must be a way to help you, when I know what the problem is." He touched her shoulder and, on impulse, kissed her cheek.

Samara looked him in the eye. "That's helped already Harry. When we're out of the bank you can call me Sammy. See you at half past eleven in the car park in Park Street. OK?"

"I'll look forward to it," said Harry. "I'll be there, on the dot."

The rest of the morning passed uneventfully and it seemed like no time at all before Harry and Sammy met at her car. She smiled, opened the doors and they were soon driving out of town in her almost new medium sized saloon. They went to the 'Green Man'.


In a few minutes they were sitting opposite one another in the bar, a half of bitter for Harry and a vodka breezer for Sammy. They had left their orders at the bar and now smiled at one another across the table.

"I can't believe that I've plucked up the courage to ask you to lunch with me," began Sammy. "That's why I've got a breezer. It's to give me a bit of courage."

Harry gazed across the table at Sammy. Her black hair tumbled down around her dusky face to a point just above her shoulders. Her slightly troubled face, with her beauty enhanced, looked back at him. Harry took in the dark brown eyes with neatly trimmed brows, the straight perfect nose and the beautiful full lips. She was still wearing her charcoal business suit, making her complexion seem darker than it really was. Only now did he realise how gorgeous Sammy really was.

Harry put his right hand on top of Sammy's left. "Don't be nervous Sammy. We are just two friends having lunch together. Try to tell me all about it in your own time. I'll just listen. I'll just be your sounding board and I'll try to be practical at the end of your explanation."

Just then their food arrived and they prepared to eat.

"Now Sammy, just tell me."

"OK, I'll try. I've got to try and get my brain to sort events into the right time scale." She paused and then began. "Obviously you know that my ethnic background is Indian. My parents came to England as small children with their respective parents. They all came from the same small village near Mumbai. I was, of course, born here but my grandparents had a great deal of influence over my parents and they agreed that, as I approached sixteen years of age, an arranged marriage for me would be the thing to do. Although I was born here and had always been to a multi-racial school I was in agreement with this. My parents unfortunately then made two mistakes. Firstly, they allowed my grandparents to decide that my husband would come from their old village in India and secondly, they didn't carry out enough investigations to find out what the recommended suitor was like. So at the tender age of sixteen I was married to an uneducated stranger twelve years older than me. Sachin is a good man but even now he is a stranger here in England. He still can't speak very good English and so has difficulty in keeping a job. He is now jealous of my success at work and is out drinking with his friends more and more often. I can't have children and so he blames me for that too. Another development is that recently he has hit me when he has come home half drunk. Now if I get my next promotion and we have to move then I am afraid of what he might do. He won't leave all his friends here just to come with me, a wife who is getting too big for her boots and showing him up."

Samara paused, took a sip of her drink and looked up at Harry. "So you see, Harry my dear friend, I am in a quandary. I can call you a dear friend, can't I?"

"Of course you can," responded Harry and put his hand over hers again. "I can see though, Sammy my darling, that you are coming to big decision time. With no children ties and a big career beginning to bloom in front of you, you will soon have to take responsibility for your actions. Our bosses won't take very kindly to a promotion refusal just for the reasons you might give. Anyway, the physical violence part worries me the most. You can't allow that to continue. Next time it must be the police or you might finish up in hospital, or worse, so it has got to stop."

"I know Harry but I already feel so much better for having told you about it. Look, I've even eaten all my food. My appetite has been almost non-existent recently. You are being good for me already."

Sammy reached out and took Harry's big hand in her tiny one, pulled it to her, kissed his palm and then placed it against her cheek.

Harry's mobile trilled, breaking the spell. He didn't recognise the number on the screen. "Sorry!" he said to Sammy and then "Hello" into the microphone.

A familiar voice sounded in his ear. "There is a rumour in the Bank that you are out to lunch with your boss," Kate's voice said accusingly. "And that furthermore your boss is a woman, no less. Has she got big tits too?"

"Kate my darling, to what do I owe this honour?" Harry laughed. "Yes you are right, my boss is a woman and I wouldn't dare to find out the answer to your query."

"Why, what is she wearing?" asked Kate.

"A very smart business suit with a jacket and yes, before you ask, she is a very attractive married woman."

Sammy reached out and took the phone out of Harry's hand. "Hello Kate, this is Sammy, I live next door to your colleague Joan and she has told me a little about you and Harry. What was your question to him that he wouldn't answer?"

Her face changed as Kate obviously repeated the question and then she laughed.

"You know, first Harry and now you have really cheered me up today." Sammy looked Harry in the eye with a cheeky grin on her face. "I will make sure that he at least knows the answer to your question for when he next sees you. I will think carefully about what you said. Bye." She handed the phone back.

"I'm not going to say a word," breathed Kate into Harry's ear. "Have a nice time and I'll see you tomorrow night. Nine o'clock at my house! Bring your toothbrush! Let's make a real week-end of it!"

Harry looked at Sammy to apologise again but his eyes popped and he said nothing at all.

Sammy had undone the buttons to her jacket and the top three on her blouse. She saw him looking and expanded her chest so that the brown hills of her breasts were readily visible. Harry gulped and got up quickly to pay the bill so that his rising cock would not be seen. Sammy laughed.

They were soon in the car heading back towards the city. Suddenly Sammy indicated left and turned off into an exclusive looking housing estate.

"I just want to call in at home for a minute or two," she explained. "I need to pick up a couple of things for this evening. I go to a work out gym sometimes but I forgot to bring my gear this morning." She glanced at Harry. "It must have been the thought of our appointment this morning, or plucking up the courage to ask you to lunch with me."

Sammy pulled on to the drive of an imposing detached house with a double garage separate from the house. Between the two buildings was a high solid gate and Sammy led the way through this entrance. She turned her key in a door halfway along the side of the house and they entered. The kitchen and a utility room lay to the left of a passageway with what looked like a study on the right. Sammy turned into a small sitting room at the rear.

"I won't be long," she smiled. "If you want the toilet it's under the stairs."

She left the room and Harry heard her mount the stairs. He looked around the room, which, although modern, had a definite oriental theme to it. Various drapes decorated the walls and there were figurines of weird and rather wonderful objects, which Harry vaguely attributed to Indian folklore or culture.

"Harry!" Sammy called from upstairs. "Please come up here for a moment."

Harry quickly mounted the stairs and headed for the only open door. As he entered the room he immediately saw Sammy to the left. She was standing in front of a floor length mirror mounted on the wall. The amazingly wonderful thing was that she was naked above the waist, apart from her bra, which she was holding to her chest. Her back was beautifully and smoothly naked to the waist. The moment she saw Harry she dropped her bra to reveal her breasts. Harry literally gulped with pleasure at the sight.

Samara had a slender body with a clearly defined waistline. This accentuated her breasts, which were not large but stood out proudly from her chest. Her nipples were hard and quite prominent. Harry stopped dead. Sammy looked at him through the mirror.


"I promised Kate that you would be able to answer her question about my breasts before she saw you next. Well, are they as big as hers?"

Harry took a deep breath as his prick began to rise. "No not quite," he breathed, "but they are truly magnificent; the way they thrust forward and with your nipples pointing straight ahead they are awesome."

Now Sammy's face lit up with something like joy. They were still on almost opposite sides of the room. Sammy spoke.

"They are not just for looking at though Harry. I want you to touch and hold them. Then you can really compare them to Kate's."

Harry couldn't believe that this was real but he strode across the room with alacrity. He stood behind Sammy and looked at her breasts in the mirror.

"Go on, touch," she whispered, "they don't bite."

Harry put his hands on Sammy's shoulders and then slowly slid them down the front of her body, up the soft brown slopes to the hard points of her nipples. He squeezed gently and she gasped, closing her eyes and leaning her head back towards Harry. He cupped her breasts gently and stroked his thumbs around her hard peaks of desire. He kissed her right shoulder while still trying to see his hands in the mirror as they caressed Sammy's tits. His by now hard spike almost accidentally pushed into her soft buttocks. Sammy moaned and pushed back slightly on to his erection. Then she opened her eyes and spoke.

"Do you know what your lovely girlfriend also said to me Harry? She said, and I quote, 'get him to fuck you; he has a fantastic huge cock and you will never regret it.' She also said that she can't stop having orgasms with you and that your ejaculations have to be seen to be believed."

Harry turned Sammy to face him and substituted his tongue and lips for his thumbs on her nipples. She pulled his head hard to her teats.

"Oh Harry," she sobbed, "what's happening to me. This is so wonderful. My body has never felt such sensations. Sachin has never once made me orgasm. He just sticks his penis into me and ejaculates within a few seconds. Then he just gets off me and goes to sleep."

She released herself and sat on the bed. She took a tissue from her pocket and began to wipe her eyes, cleaning off the running mascara as she did so.

"I'm not sure if I can do what your Kate suggests," she whispered with a watery smile. "I've never had sex with anyone else but Sachin. I'll have to think about it but I know my life has got to change, and soon. I think that one of the changes has got to include real sex, and lots of it. What do you think Harry?"

"You ask me what I think? With a giant hard on that I've got? I think you've got to start trying to get shot of one husband, that's what I think. You can do it quite legally under English law as I'm sure you know so it will be a question of family values and tradition, won't it?"

As soon as Harry had mentioned his erection Sammy had dropped her line of sight to his crotch. Now she looked up at him.

"Yes, you're right Harry, of course you are. I'm going to have to make a plan of action, like who to tell first and then exactly what to do." She took a deep breath, causing her breasts to thrust forward. Harry nearly groaned out loud.

"Now Harry, I think that there is one more step we can take this afternoon before we must dash back to the bank. Er, Kate said that you have a gigantic penis. Er, can I see it please? I've only ever seen Sachin's."

"God, I thought you'd never ask," moaned Harry. "Here, you can take him out." He took her little hands in his and placed them on to his crotch.

Now that she had taken the decision Sammy didn't waste any time. She immediately pulled down Harry's zip fastener and undid his belt. Only pausing to run one hand over the huge bulge in his pants she undid the button at his waist and pulled down his trousers and pants in one movement.

Harry stiff cock sprang up in all it's glory, pointing straight at Sammy's face as she sat on the bed. She gazed at it as if in awe then tentatively reached out both of her delicate hands to touch him. Harry groaned and pushed forward. Sammy just naturally started to stroke his cock and he moaned again.

"That's so wonderful," he gasped. "Keep on doing that." He leant forward and took her breasts in his hands again.

Sammy pulled his penis closer to her and Harry pushed his tool into the valley between her breasts. He squeezed her ample smooth but firm breasts around his engine and began to pump up and down. Sammy helped him to keep his cock in place.

All too soon Harry could feel the inevitable down in his balls and he gasped out a warning. Sammy pulled back, grasped his cock and pumped his foreskin firmly up and down. Harry cried out and shot his spunk, Sammy directing it all over her breasts. After about two shots she let go and watched as Harry uncontrollably shot more and more of his juices all over her chest. As he finished she took him in hand again and carefully wiped the end of his prick dry. Then she leaned back, looked up at him and smiled. Harry's spunk spread slowly.

"Kate was right, wasn't she? You do do a whole fountain of sperm. That was magnificent Harry. You could get girls to queue up to see that."

Harry leaned down to Sammy's breasts and kissed her nipples again. Then he used his tongue to gather up a little of his sperm and then gently kissed her. They both tasted his spunk as they opened their mouths into the kiss. Sammy moved first.

"Come on Harry, we've got to get back to work or people will definitely begin to talk."

"When we get back," said Sammy in the car. "I'll drop you just around the corner so that by the time I come in you will have been back several minutes."

This she did and Harry tried to appear as if he'd been back for several minutes. This was not possible because as soon as Mary, the receptionist, saw him she called him over.

"I've been trying to find you Harry," she said. "Mrs Graham wants you to ring her as soon as I found you. It's about what you were talking about yesterday."

Harry smiled; he seemed to remember that he and Sue had talked about her investments, his cock and her arsehole! He phoned her straight away and she answered immediately as if she had been waiting by the phone.

"Oh Harry, I've been waiting here daydreaming about yesterday and then I was remembering that weekend eight years ago. I just had to slip down my panties and have myself a little feel. I had just had a nice little come when you rang. When are you coming to give me a big come?"

"How about Tuesday at around two thirty?" Harry responded. "I will have everything ready by then and if you get yours ready we can do the business."

"In more ways than one," giggled Sue. "I will be more than ready by then Harry. See you Tuesday."

After that call Harry seemed to be in demand, both on the phone and all around the office. At one point he and Samara exchanged smiles of remembrance and promise. Then he really had to go and take a piss. Martin was in there, full of himself, as well as piss.

"I'm glad I was on my own at lunchtime Harry," he said in a low voice. "I was last out of the staff room so Josie came over for a chat. She sat down opposite me and just opened up her smock. Those tits are fantastic Harry. I just reached forward and pulled them out of her smock and towards me. They fell out and I gave them a real good mauling about. Josie was sitting there with her eyes closed and her mouth open. Then she saw that there was absolutely no one else there and came around to my side of the table so that I could have a real good lick and suck on them. She grabbed my cock through my pants and then shoved her hand down my pants and gave me a real good feel. I'm going to fuck her tomorrow night, I just know that I am."

They discussed tactics for Friday night as they tucked away their pricks. Harry warned that his pal John would definitely try to get his hands on Josie but that Martin should make a play for Nadine to distract him. When Harry explained to Martin that Nadine supposedly had bigger knockers than Josie he became very interested.

They left the bogs in a good mood and Harry didn't do much more work that afternoon.
