 Chapter 9

Friends in the City

It only happened because of what was said at the party a month before. Paul had joined a group of four women and the subject of bondage came up.

"Have you tried it?" Marti had asked.

After some less than adroit verbal fencing he had replied, "I think it depends on the woman. Some would never do it, some put up with it for their partner, and some are really into it."

"But what about you?" the one called Callie asked with arched eyebrows.

"Okay," Paul said raising his voice for the first time. "I know they can enjoy it from firsthand experience, all right?"

"And you're so sure about that? I mean that they wanted it?" It was Marti again.

Paul had briefly related two separate experiences with bondage and noticed the women get more interested with each successive word. To put it bluntly, they were horny and obvious about it.

Eventually two drifted off leaving him with Callie and Nadine, both of whom had dates in the other room. He continued with his story of the college girl who wanted to be tied up. Minutes later he was fingering Nadine while Callie rubbed her genitals through the material of her yoga pants. Where it might have ended is anyone's guess, but their dates came by to check on them and that ended that. Or so Paul thought.

A few days later he bedded Marti and thought that would be the end of things with the girls.

But it wasn't.

________________________________________

Paul was stunned to check his email that morning before a meeting with his publisher on the forthcoming television interview on NBC to discuss his forthcoming novel.

Paul: Since the night of the party where we met I have done the following:

•Had an affair with one of my Mother's male friends

•Called him Daddy while he fucked me though we look nothing alike and he was only a ten years older

•Drank coffee flavored with semen, not Daddy's

•And constantly thought about you tying me up

•You are sooo fucking hot!

•I'll be at the Café Orlin on St. Mark's Place tonight - 9PM

There was no signature. The faces of the four women ran through his mind. He eliminated Marti as he had already fucked her, and they would undoubtedly fuck again.

He pondered the events as he recalled them: Gina, with those big tits--she was a likely suspect, for she had been interested in his bondage story. And Callie, the dirty blonde with the jiggly tits and yoga pants, now she was one horny bitch ... Oh! What the fuck's the matter with me? Nadine--Nadine let me finger her--would have gone further but her boyfriend showed up. It has to be her!

One thing was certain; he would be at Café Orlin at 9 that night.

And so was Nadine, roughly 5'3 and 135 pounds, strikingly pretty, blue eyed with creamy white skin and that lovely blonde hair. She had some freckling, a gorgeous ass, and tiny feet. 

Within two minutes of his joining her at the bar, he learned that Nadine had moved in with Joey Mangum three months earlier, and expected him to propose to her at any time; and that normally she was outgoing, and receptive to flirtation with certain type guys. 

Paul nodded as the bartender placed their drinks in front of them. Nadine crossed and uncrossed her lovely legs; she had undoubtedly run up the "fuck me" flag.

The tall bartender was all too familiar to Paul. Her name was Terry and she was unquestionably beautiful, and as far as he knew, unattainable, which made him desire her all the more.

"Do you know her?" Nadine inquired as she nervously tapped her right foot against the steel piping running along the length of the bar's bottom.

"Honestly?" Paul said, brought out of his involuntary daydream by her question. 

"Yes, honestly," Nadine said in a half whisper, not wanting the bartender to hear her.

"A friend of mine brought me here on my first visit to the city. I find her," he pointed at Terry, "a magnificent female specimen, but one that I'm beginning to think is unattainable."

"I'm not," Nadine said pointedly touching his shin with the toe of her shoe.

"I know," he replied softly. "I read the email twice. I also know you want me to show you the ropes--no pun intended—with respect to what bondage is all about."

Her eyes lit up with interest. "Mmmm--I certainly do. That story you told at the party ..."

"It was hot enough for you to let me finger you with your boyfriend in the next room," he said, reminding her although he knew she needed no such thing.

"You have a place, or will we be going to my apartment?" Nadine asked with a nervous smile.

"I have my place arranged for your immediate needs."

"Your roommate?"

"Conveniently out of town," he said with a wry grin.

"Mmm, the man thinks of everything," she quipped.

"Not everything. Tell me, what's the deal with you and Joey?"

"I'm probably going to marry him, why? Does that bother you?"

"No, just wanted to understand your--situation."

"Can we go now?" she asked impatiently.

"Of course, but that will cost you a bruise or two later."

"Ohhh, I hadn't thought of that. Can you bruise me where it isn't obvious?"

"Maybe, it depends on how well you perform."

"How well I ..."

"Perform, yes you heard me."

Paul threw a twenty on the bar, nodded his thanks to Terry who gave him a smile that said 'congratulations on getting lucky,' as she rang up his tab and put the rest in her tip jar.

________________________________________

He hailed a cab and once inside endured an awkward moment of silence as they studied one another. Paul put an end to that by leaning into Nadine and kissing her. Nadine closed her eyes and kissed back, opening her mouth and allowing his tongue inside. His hands cupped her ass, pulling her close as she sent her tongue into his mouth. Her vagina was tingling as he continued squeezing her ass.

Nadine knew her pussy was wet; it had been that way before leaving her place to meet him at the bar. His erection was more than conspicuous as it pressed against her. 

He's definitely bigger than Joey--much bigger. That turned her on even more; and when his hand pressed in against her cunt she jerked involuntarily and came.

"You are so fucking hot!" she whispered as the cab pulled up in front of his apartment building.

________________________________________

Less than ten minutes later, he had Nadine blindfolded, and wearing only her bra and panties as she lay on his rumpled bedding.

"Are you ready?"

"Yes, but what do I call you?"

"Oh, you mean like Master or Sir?"

"Yes ... Sir."

"That's fine, Nadine. I'll call you ... let's see ... how does slut sound?"

"It suits me, Sir." 

"Good, we agree that you're a slut. Now, among other things I'm going to slap you around and probably call you filthy names. You won't be feeling all that good tomorrow, but you'll definitely keep thinking about tonight."

"I want you to start playing with yourself."

"You mean masturbate ... Sir?"

"Yes, you stupid cow, I mean masturbate." Paul reached out with his right hand and squeezed her face around the sides of her mouth.

"Ugh!" Nadine gasped at the suddenness of the act and not the pain, for there was little if any of that.

Paul smiled down at the blindfolded girl beneath him and viciously slapped her right breast.

"OW!"

"WHAT?"

"Oh ... I'm so sorry, Sir. You caught me by surprise. I won't do it again, I promise!"

"Good girl," he crooned in her ear, then pinched the nipple on her other breast.

Nadine managed to refrain from making a sound. Paul rewarded her by sending his hand under the elastic band of her panties and covering the fingers already inserted in her cunt.

"I bet I can guess what Boy Scout badge you didn't get," Nadine said with a smirk.

"You mean because I haven't tied you up?"

"Mmmm, yeah," she replied. Her voice actually got breathier over those few short words.

He glanced at her body, taking it all in and couldn't help noticing: "Oh, my Nadine ... you've soaked your undies."

"Mmmm, I guess ..."

She was panting heavily as he slipped a finger inside both cups of her bra and very gently teased her nipples.

"Ohhhhh," Nadine whimpered softly as he slipped her bra straps down and eased her breasts free of their confinement. She squirmed, half in pleasure half in anticipation as Paul's mouth took in the entirety of her right nipple and suckled it and clung to him as he moved from one erect nipple to the other.

Paul had in mind many things, but one was certain--this was not to be a rushed performance. 

"Tongue," he whispered in a husky voice.

"What? I don't understand."

"Stick your tongue out; all the way."

"Ohhh ... yes Sir!"

Her tongue came out and he found it surprisingly long. 

"You have a very long tongue, slut." 

"Mmmmm, I know ... the girls always teased me about it."

"Did they now?" How so?"

"They--they said it would be wonderful to have such a long tongue in their pussies, Sir."

"Did you oblige them, slut?"

"Not them, Sir."

"Stick it out again."

She did and he covered it with his own tongue sending a staggering series of sensations throughout her entire being.

She came again.

Intrigued by such heightened arousal in such a short time, Paul tore the panties from her body and with thumb and forefinger squeezed her labia together forcing a thin stream of juice from her cunt.

"Ugh--Ugh--Ugh!" Nadine grunted.

Then he returned to her nipples, now hardened and pointy and chewed each of them until they softened from his biting.

"Oh--Oh my God!" Nadine sobbed.

Abandoning her breasts, Paul moved south again and slapped her pussy three consecutive times, watching her reaction carefully. She winced as the first one landed, but managed to stifle any sound throughout the slaps. Then her gripped her cunt lips again and squeezed even harder than he had the first time.

Nadine moaned. He knew he was inflicting pain but wanted to see if she could handle it and how much before surrendering to it and begging him to stop.

To his surprise and pleasure, she took everything he gave and appeared willing to accept even more.

He rewarded her by going down on her for fifteen long minutes during which she had two tumultuous orgasms; squirting a formidable amount of juice during the last one.

Paul scooped up a generous helping of her love fluids and carefully fed them to her using his four fingers as a scoop. She sucked the fluids from his fingers and then some. 

Paul thought it time for his piece de resistance, and without a word rolled away from Nadine and left the room closing the door behind him.

Paul had no idea how well his idea would work on Nadine, but figured he had to try it out. If it worked he would use it again on some other submissive like Carol's roomie, Sarah.

He pretended to make a call to an unknown male. Paul felt that being blindfolded would help Nadine concentrate her hearing to a higher degree than usual. He spoke softly, but distinctly.

"She's ready and waiting..." He paused then spoke again. "Yes, she's definitely hot. She'll do most anything." Another pause, then, "Knock three times and I'll let you in. No, she won't know it isn't me. Yes ... C'mon up."

Next he went to a small table with a center drawer, opened it and took out a small vial of after shave, poured several drops on a tissue then carefully touched his neck once. He had tested this earlier and found that a dampened washcloth would erase the small amount of after shave completely; confusing Nadine into thinking she had been fucked by an unknown man.

Glancing at his watch he decided three minutes would seem like ten to Nadine with the blindfold intact, and he was certain she wouldn't remove it in his absence.

He knocked three times on the apartment door, opened it and said, "It took you long enough," then closed the door.

"She's waiting in there. Be careful, don't speak, I'll handle that end if needed. Oh, one thing-I'll let her show you her tongue. It's quite impressive. You should lick it before doing anything else. Now go have your fun."

Reentering the bedroom, Paul walked to the bed, climbed up next to Nadine and brushed his mouth across hers. When she responded by eagerly sliding and shaping against it, he broke away and said sharply, "Tongue!" 

At the same time, he pretended to roll off the bed while another took his place, or so it seemed to the blindfolded Nadine.

She responded to his command and sent her tongue out as far as it would go, wondering if he had substituted another man in his place, and why he would do such a thing.

He licked her tongue much as he had earlier and a liquid heat surged through her legs at the feeling of his tongue plunging into her mouth. Her senses hit overload on realizing that his taste flooded her--peppermint and some other flavor she couldn't identify but recognized with every cell of her female body that it was someone other than Paul.

Beneath the blindfold her eyes were open wide in shock. How could he do this to her? What if anything should she do about it? Who was it that was on the bed kissing her?

Paul gave a long suck to her tongue before releasing it and caressed the sides of her body in a circular motion using his thumbs that caused pleasure to curl tight in her lower body. It was a thrill of sexual hunger unlike anything she'd ever experienced before.

A moment later he was nibbling at her upturned lips and Nadine moaned with displeasure when he stopped to move elsewhere.

Oh fuck--I don't care who it is--I just don't want this to end. Oh--Oh--Ohhhhh, don't let it end!

That was the very moment he turned her over on her tummy, and guided her hands upward onto the pillow and held them there. Paul found the scent of her hair deeply intoxicating as he nuzzled her neck and listened to her whimper with joy at the pleasure he was giving her.

Without uttering another word, he carried on his charade, urging her to raise her rump up and then moving between her legs to toy with her cunt by inserting several fingers into her snug little furnace of love. 

"OOOOOOHH!"

With his fingers embedded in her cunt, he brought his other hand into play, using it to squeeze her inflamed labia around the invading digits and adding to the overall pleasure of his masturbation technique.

"Fuck meeeeeeee! Fuck meeee please!"

"What?" Paul said harshly and slapped her left ass cheek three times.

"SIR! I mean fuck meeee Sir!"

Nadine no longer knew if she was talking to Paul or someone else. Oh God, if it's someone else--do I know him? Will he keep quiet about this? Will either of them tell Joey?

"I'll fuck you when I'm ready to fuck you!" Paul shouted right in her face and then jammed the four fingers he'd just extracted from her juicy cunt into her mouth. 

Dutifully, Nadine sucked them until he removed them from her mouth and kissed her, drawing her tongue out as they playfully dueled with each other.

"Finger fuck yourself!" he said commandingly. And recognizing Paul's voice, she did exactly that, reaching between her legs and sending four of her own fingers into her sodden snatch, thrilled beyond words at the very thought of two men watching her perform a depraved act for their benefit.

Paul waited until she got herself off, and then went down on her again, stopping briefly to 'switch off with his partner' during which Nadine came three or four more times, leaving her a shuddering, whimpering mess, almost but not quite exhausted.

"Ready for a final fuck, Slut?"

"Huh," she mumbled incoherently as she was still in the midst of a climax.

"We haven't fucked yet. Do you want to pass on it?"

"NO! NO! FUCK--LET'S FUCK!"

Paul grunted his agreement and roughly pushed her over onto her back then took her in a manner that in most instances would be considered rape. Would have been rape, except that Nadine loved it!

From the first thrust of his cock she was screaming: "YES! FUCK ME! TAKE ME! RAPE ME YOU BASTARD!"

He obliged her as much as he could; slamming into her over and over again as hard and as fast as he could. Later Nadine would tell him she started cumming in those first moments and kept cumming even after he'd finished with her.

Her body began convulsing and her fingernails started raking his back. He was forced to grab her hands and hold them over her head, more from self defense than anything else. It turned out to be just what Nadine wanted. Being restrained like that drove her right out of her mind. She started screaming, "YES! PAUL! YES, WHOEVER YOU ARE!" over and over and struggling as if she wanted to get away but obviously had no such intention.

Paul fucked himself into exhaustion. At the very end he stopped slamming into her and began to grind his pubic bone into hers while the sperm jetted out of him and into her perfect orifice. He came so hard it actually hurt!

Afterward they lay comingled for a long time, panting and wondering if sex would ever be this good again. Nadine refused to remove the blindfold. She still had serious doubts about just who it was on top of her.

Paul opened his eyes and saw the blindfold in place and gently reached out and took it off. Nadine blinked several times as her eyes adjusted to the dim lighting of the bedroom.

"Paul--it's really you!"

"Yes, it's really me," he said with a sheepish grin.

"Did the other guy leave? I really wanted to thank him for ... well, you know."

"There was no other guy. It was me all along."

"But I heard ..."

"By design. You heard and projected what I wanted you too. That I brought another guy in to fuck you to add to the excitement."

"It certainly did that, but I was shitting my pants thinking about who he was."

"Who did you think it was?"

"Worst case, Joey. Other than him, I hadn't the vaguest idea. Of course, I had some suspicions, but nothing close to certainty."

He began caressing her lower thigh and felt her tremble as the excitement of his touch caused her loins to flare up once again.

"Next time," he began, "and there will be a next time, won't there, Nadine?"

"Yes, I hope so, Paul."

"Next time, we might actually add a third wheel to our party, you think?"

"Paul ..." she paused to rethink what she was about to say, formulated her reply and said, "I think that would be a wonderful idea. I trust you too handle the details with your ... umm, usual skill and good taste."

"Thank you, Slut, and speaking of good taste, how about spreading those legs for me. I'm hungry again."