 Edited by Angel Love

How many times had we talked about our fantasies? It was my plan that one day I would fulfill one of those fantasies and today was to be that day. 

You had been walking for quite a few months, getting fitter for your old age you called it. So I knew your route and routine, I knew you left your walking partner two blocks back and you would be slowing down your pace and probably looking forward to a hot shower, which I often joined you in. I wanted today to be special, something different. I knew you would love my Valentine's present for you.

As you turn the corner nearing the end of your walk you notice in the distance someone kneeling on the footpath. You're intrigued; as you get closer you realize it's a woman, as each step brings you closer still you realize it's me. A small smile of recognition covers your face along with confusion. I can read with that look you have no idea what I have in mind.

I look up at you and smile beckoning you closer. Your pace turns to a saunter as you slowly approach and stop in front of me. I look up smiling and whisper, "Surprise!"

Before you have a chance to say a word I put my hand up and gently massage your cock, encouraging it to come to life. You groan as realization hits you, your confusion now replaced with a look of surprise. I feel you hardening under my hand and you notice my eyes have moved from your own to watch your cock growing. You feel yourself starting to pulsate. A slightly pained expression comes across your face knowing that I will not take no for an answer even here in the daylight, in the middle of the street.

I undo your fly. You start to protest and I push your hand away and say a definite and firm, "No, please give me this pleasure."

The slight pleading in my voice makes you realize I need this as much as you. You allow me to free your hardening cock. I wrap my fingers around you, slowly but gently massaging you into full hardness. I crawl closer taking your knob in my mouth, tickling and tantalizing you with light flicks of my tongue. I moan at your familiar taste. My hand now reaching behind you I pull you deeply into my mouth as my strokes become firmer and faster. My tongue explores you as I move up and down, taking more of you in with each stroke. My teeth graze the sides of your shaft, sending small shocks right through you. I feel you sway slightly as I take you all in my mouth, my tongue now massaging you, my hand completing the sensation of excitement as my movements grow faster and harder, urging you to near your orgasmic explosion. I feel you swelling in my mouth, coming closer and closer to the final outcome. Your cock is now throbbing and I hear your low guttural moan. You put your hand gently but firmly on the back of my head encouraging me to take more of you in. Your sway has now turned to a gentle pumping as at last I have you all in my mouth, my tongue moving quickly all over you leading you onward, further, nearer to making you cum. I feel you at last reaching your climax. I hold you in my mouth sucking you harder and harder wanting your juices to fill my mouth. You are amazed as you feel your knob throbbing against the back of my throat, still my teeth grazing against the sides of your shaft.

Finally you can stand it no longer, you push firmer on my head as you moan and sway, your cock shooting your warm cum straight down my throat. I swallow; freely sucking you and milking all of your juices. A low moan leaves you as you cum. 

Slowly I allow your cock to leave my mouth licking you all over as I give you a final small kiss and bite to let you know how much I enjoyed every moment of our morning encounter. I gently put your cock away from any prying eyes and with your eyes still closed you still stand there enjoying the euphoria as I stand looking up at you smiling. I take your head in my hands giving you a light kiss on your closed eyes and lips. 

"Thank you," I say as I turn and walk away. Pausing just once I turn back, smile and quietly say, "Happy Valentine's Day my love."