 You don't remember me? Can't place my face? Or are you just pretending not to remember, trying to make things work with that sweetie-pie girlfriend of yours? Either way, for the past few minutes, you've been glancing across the bar in my direction whenever you think she isn't looking. Oh, but I remember you, and the games we used to play.

I suppose it's possible you wouldn't recognize me - tonight I'm in a very regular outfit, jeans and a sweater, my hair in a ponytail, no makeup, just out for a beer with some friends. The last time you saw me, I would have been wearing the outfit you picked out for our little trysts. The skin-tight black leather, the stiletto-heeled boots, the slutty makeup, and the blonde wig to cover my brunette hair. And you might not recognize my voice, either - tonight, hanging out with friends, I'm giggling and chatting in my normal voice. When we used to meet, I'd address you in a deep sexy voice, and didn't say anything to you unless it was hot and dirty.

It was all coming back to me now, our last time together. We arrived in separate cars at the motel where we liked to meet. As always, you had gotten there first, and were already naked on the bed when I entered the room, your flaccid cock resting on your right leg. Without a word, I pulled off my trenchcoat to reveal my slutty outfit, and slowly walked towards the bed, moving my hands over my curves as I came closer to you. I watched as your cock began to rise, and your hand reached to stroke it. I quickly shot you a disapproving glance, though, and you stopped, remembering that this was my job.

I joined you on the bed, straddled your legs, and took your cock into my mouth using just my lips and tongue - no hands. As soon as your cock was fully erect, I let it fall from my mouth, glistening with my saliva. I pulled myself back up so that you could see my face as I started to talk dirty to you, and see my breasts as I started to play with them the way you liked.

I quickly snapped open my black leather vest, allowing my ample tits to pop out into my hands. Had I been wearing a bra, it would have been size 36D - but of course a bra wasn't part of this outfit. You wanted me to look like I was dressed for this kind of business, ready for sex at any time. As I stroked my breasts, occasionally licking or pinching a nipple, I started talking to you, my slutty, horny glance shifting from your eyes to your cock, enjoying your reactions as I spoke.

I told you about all of the other men I had sucked and fucked since the last time I saw you. Told you about having my pussy and my mouth fucked at the same time. Told you I was a slut, with a never-ending need to have every one of my holes penetrated by big, hard cocks. Told you how tiny your cock was compared to all of the others I'd sucked and fucked. Told you there was no way you would ever be able to satisfy a woman - especially a cock-happy slut like me.

You were stroking your cock furiously now, and I was turned on as well, although to keep up the act I had to force myself to act bored, as if you were barely keeping me interested. You gave me the little nod that indicated you were ready for me to suck your cock again - you wanted a little break from my demeaning dirty talk. So I indulged you: hot as I was for some reciprocity, I again bent down over your cock and gave it some attention, this time using my hands along with my mouth.

As I tickled your balls with one hand and jacked off the bottom of your shaft with the other, you began thrusting your hips so that your cock filled more and more of my mouth, and eventually reached down into my throat, gagging me with its length. I wanted to whimper and beg for mercy, but again had to keep up the act, so I let you continue thrusting until you were ready to stop so that you could move on to another of my waiting holes.

As you pushed up my tight leather mini skirt and shoved my panties to one side, you asked me to start talking again. Talking again about all of the cock I had been enjoying, how I couldn't even count the number of guys I'd been with since seeing you last, and I how I doubted you could measure up. I dared you to try to satisfy me, to fill me with your pitiful cock. As I talked, you were stroking my soaking wet pussy with your fingers, and it was all I could do to maintain my deep sexy voice and not let out the higher-pitched whimpers that revealed my true feelings.

"Do you really think you can satisfy a slut like me with that tiny little cock of yours? I doubt it. I've had so much bigger, so much better - I probably couldn't even feel you inside me."

That did it. Suddenly, you shoved the fingers that had been in exploring my pussy into my mouth, forcing me to stop talking, and pulled me down onto your cock. I gasped as I tasted myself and felt your throbbing cock deep in my pussy all at once. As you moved your fingers in and out of my mouth, I began slowly moving up and down on your cock. But you wanted more dirty talk, didn't you? You let your fingers slip from my mouth, lingering briefly on my pouty lips, and said, simply, "Talk."

With your hands now on my hips, encouraging my motion as I fucked your cock, I started talking dirty once again. Fighting my desire to moan, to whimper, to squeal as you stroked deep into my pussy, I instead told you that you should be embarrassed at your performance. This pitiful fucking of yours might satisfy those 'nice girls', but did nothing for a cock-whore like me. I had been pounded by the best of them, and you didn't even begin to measure up. You'd have to try harder if you had any hope of making up for your inadequacy. "Come on, is that all you've got? Can't your tiny little cock fuck me any better than that?"

My words turning us both on, we were now fucking hard and fast. Tired of being on your back, you rolled us over until I was on my knees with you on top of me. This gave you deeper penetration, and gave your hands free access to cup my bouncing tits and stroke my throbbing clit. I reached back and grabbed your ass, encouraging you to thrust harder and deeper as I came closer to cumming. No longer able to form complete sentences, I gave up the act, and said only one word - "yes" - with each long, fast, deep strock of your cock deep into my pussy. As you shot your load deep inside of me, I felt a powerful orgasm begin. Even as you finished, you left your cock inside of me, and kept your fingers moving on my clit, riding out the long, hard orgasm with me. My pussy clenched around your cock, I screamed out in ecstasy, and finally fell to the bed, exhausted.

Once the world had stopped spinning around me, I quietly got up, adjusted my skirt, rebuttoned my top and covered up the whole slutty outfit with my trenchcoat again. With no words, just a wink, I left you just as I had found you, naked on the bed with your flaccid cock resting against your leg. If only I had known it would be the last time we would meet like that.

All of this came flashing back to me tonight at the bar, as I watched you watch me. I was flushed and my pussy was wet after remembering all of that right here in the bar. Something in my body language must have refreshed your memory - I could see in your eyes now that you definitely remembered me, and were no longer making an effort to cover it up.

My friends were motioning to me that they were ready to call it a night, so I followed them towards the door. As I was leaving, I caught your eye, and held up my hand to my ear in the universal symbol for 'call me'. You nodded that you understood. It had been too long.