 OK then, here we go! My heroine, the insatiably erotic Judi, is ready with Part Three from the collection of short stories I call, TASTY BITES OF PINK SUGAR. And the good news is that you don't need to have read the first two parts to enjoy this bawdy tale of a wildly sexual fantasy weekend. But, if you want to backtrack, Part Two was titled, WHO SAYS I DON'T KNOW HOW TO TIP! Or, you could start at the beginning with, HEY, WHO SAYS I lost!

That incredible weekend got started when Judi lost a Super Bowl bet to her good friend and occasional lover Murphy. For his prize, Murphy chose to make the darling nympho his sexual fantasy come to life for an entire long weekend. That weekend's delightful debauchery takes place at a luxury Palm Springs resort, in a condo unit complete with its own private patio, pool and spa.

Hi there, it's Judi and how about I'd bring you up to date? Well now, its barely mid afternoon, and already I have been a very busy and very naughty girl! Let's see, WE'D started the day off with Murphy feeding me a pre breakfast appetizer of hard cock, with a big helping of hot cum on the side! Gee, and I feel sort of silly even mentioning it; but not much later, I got a real kick out of letting Murphy watch me work myself up, before I rocketed off through a dazzling series of knee buckling orgasms. Over breakfast, I'd flirted outrageously with Edgar, our room service waiter, shamelessly flaunting bare tits, and my micro thong clad ass. The lucky guy even got to watch me practicing my oral technique on Murphy, before I used my fist to send a gusher of his cum splashing on to the patio. Well then, after breakfast, I managed to catch a little sun; that is, when Murphy and his marvelously talented tongue weren't making me scream my fool head off! Gee, and then for some reason, maybe because I'd been playing the teasing scamp, the darling insisted on bending me over and fucking me in to a state of delirious ecstasy. Only, the nasty minded bastard pulled out, drenched my ass under a torrent of cum; and then, he spanked me. Oh, and lets not forget, when Edgar returned bringing us another order of cold beer, that I gave the lucky guy one absolutely awesome tip. Believe me; he's never going to forget that blow-job! After that bit of wickedness, and with Edgar looking on, I'd hopped on board, and ridden Murphy's lovely cock through a seemingly unending thunderstorm of shattering climaxes. Before I could make an escape though, I found myself on my knees with my fists wrapped around a pair of delightfully hard cocks. Hey, and guess who was wearing a double load of cum, by the time she finally headed in for a well deserved long and deliciously hot shower? OK then, so let's get on with, HEY, WHO SAYS I CAN'T HAVE MY CAKE AND EAT IT TOO?

So, picture this; I'm on my stomach, naked of course, and lying in the middle of our condo's big bed. And, yeah, my legs are spread, and yeah, my hands are between my thighs, and yeah, I'm working myself toward orgasm number three. But hey, the two I caught up with in the shower were barely more then a tease! After all, I only used one tiny little finger tip. And honest, it never left my very happy little clit! Anyway, I was bright eyed, smiling, and yippee, I wasn't wearing a coating of cum. My skin tingled, and I felt just unbelievably sexy. Seriously, I felt hornier then I ever remember being. Well for sure, I'd never climaxed as many times in one day before! Wow, and that day had barely begun, now hadn't it?

Too cool, all I needed to do was turn my head, and pow; I was watching myself in a pair of mirrored closet doors. I was looking at a great shot, straight up between my wide open legs. Fingers already wet and shining with my pussy's juices held my labia apart, exposing a clit for the fingers of my other hand. Oh my, and weren't those fingers looking positively drenched? And, why not; when they weren't busy trying to stroke my positively rigid clit in to submission, well they were sliding in and out of my slippery wet vagina. It was the third, or was it the forth time I'd worked myself right to the edge, before letting myself slide back from that tempting precipice. That time though, I held it, letting myself teeter right there on the edge. Oh my god, it felt like I'd held it there, well, about forever! And oh hell yes, I'm pretty sure that I was actually pleading with myself. Whatever, I sure was muttering yes, an awful lot. Honestly though, I did hold out, working it hard enough to get tantalizingly sweet spasms rippling through me. If I hadn't planned on something even more enticing then using my fingers to slam me in to that onrushing orgasm, I'd never have been able to back off.

Slippery fingers picked up, surprise, a conveniently ready to go silver vibrating bullet. Such polite fingers; they quickly introduced it to my waiting clit. And what a pretty sight it made too; fingers shiny with my slippery wetness, pink pussy, and a brightly glinting silver toy too. Golly gee, the introductions were barely finished before this bad girl was rocketing off in to orgasmic orbit. Well, I'd certainly been primed, and then some, now hadn't I? Oh yeah, I came alright! Only, well maybe I did back off, just before I actually blasted in to orbit. God, I'm a nasty minded little tease! Hey, and that's even when it's me that I'm making plead. Really, I don't mean to brag! OK yeah, so maybe I do! Whatever, just ask any of the hordes of lovers, male and female both, that I've taught how to plead. I say, it's a real kick turning a lover in to a quivering, frantically pleading state, before granting them satisfaction. Now that's especially true for the girls! So yeah, that meant me too!

Shifting, I got my ass stuck up even higher, and spread my legs even wider. Well, that left my pussy seriously exposed, giving me an awesome view of one darkly swollen and magnificently jutting clit. Gosh, and didn't it just make such a sweet target for the rounded end of that vibrating bullet too! I was trying to take my time, honest I was! I rolled it in slow tight circles around a clit definitely hungry for a much more direct approach. Ha, oh but it took a truly monumental effort to fight off that buzzing vibrator. Really, that nasty little thing was trying hard to make me cum. But, I only intended to take one orgasm; yeah OK, one seriously monstrous one! Gee, I wouldn't want to be called a greedy piggy after all.

Well, guess who was just about to go for it; when, in strolled Murphy? So I'm thinking, oh drat, just my luck! Hey now, but when I noticed the darling man was naked, I figured maybe it could work out. Oops, and so what if he didn't have a hard-on? I Knew Murphy, and that condition sure wasn't going to last long! I mean seriously, no way! Stopping at the foot of the bed, he scoped me out in the mirrors. Of course, I let my hands fall away, giving him a full on, wide open look at all that glistening wet, hey and seriously aroused looking bit of pretty pink pussy. And, while he admired what I was offering, I watched his cock grow in to the stunningly erotic thick eight inches of hard hot delight I love so dearly. God, but I love the way that man looks at me! He loves me, my body, and for damn sure all my nasty ways too!

The heat burning in Murphy's eyes when he's feasting them on me, well hell, it sets my poor heart to fluttering. Oh dear God, and that's not all that gets all quivery and fluttery either! Whatever, hey now, I was thinking; wouldn't it be a hoot to be able to see me through Murphy's eyes? Sure it would! Only, the real question, well the important one anyway, was; would I be able to focus enough to get off while I played that interesting little game? I mean seriously, could I actually cum, while fantasizing about being inside Murphy's head and watching me through his eyes?

Our eyes met in the mirror, and we swapped grins that seemed to spark with challenge. Figuring, hey girl, go for it; I closed my eyes, and slid in to Murphy's mind. I pictured his eyes dropping, and I knew he'd be running them up my legs. Murphy claims they always run up my legs, because that's the way to my ass. With me on my stomach, and my legs spread wide apart, he was, oops make that we were both going to love checking out the hot bit of glistening wet pink pussy my sexy young ass so sweetly framed. I would have bet he was wondering something like, before I walked in, just how many times did she get off? For sure though, he'd be figuring, from the swollen and darkly engorged state of her pussy, she's already been a busy girl!

Oh yeah, just look at the sexy little bitch spreading herself wide open. Fuck, she just loves showing off! Hell, she'd probably be doing it even if she didn't have an audience. Never mind, just look at how fucking wet she is. Damn, but wouldn't it be something to just slam it to that pretty pink hole! Oh fuck yes; she'd squeal, and spread those legs even wider. Well whatever, that finger she's working her clit over with is probably just a tease. Hey, sure it is! Oh yeah, that silver bullet's looking used alright; and, it's a good bet she'll be grabbing for it again.

OK, so I'm wondering, has he noticed how my poor clit's popped right out? Sure, well probably; and, that's even if the poor guy is standing there practically fixated, drooling over the thought of filling me with hot hard cock. I mean come on now, he just has to have noticed the swollen nub of clit my fingers have been dancing over! Hell, the damn thing feels puffed-up enough to just fucking pop, well, or something!

Damn, but that's hot! Check it out; look at the way her clit's popped right out. Fuck, if it was any bigger, it'd look like a tiny dick! Man, what she needs is to be flipped over; then held down, while a pair of lips suck the holy Hell out of that bad puppy! Oh fuck me, would that have the bitch screaming or what? What a fucking little tart; look at her pump those fingers in and out of that dripping pussy. Damn, their just fucking drenched!

Oh God, I was just so slippery, and I could see in the mirror that I was wet clear down to my thighs. I figured we were both thinking about him licking and kissing all the way up my thighs, and clear to my clit. Oh yeah, that did it! Thinking about the tip of his tongue rampaging over my puffed out clit, well fuck, it was time to put my buzzing little toy back to work! And apparently Murphy was on the same wave length; because, he gave me a low wolf whistle, before telling me "That's it baby, yeah, lets see you work that vibrator!" Work it; oh Hell yes I was going to work it! After all, gosh isn't that what a clits there for? Tease it; I told myself, go on, run circles around it; because, if you dance it right on it, you're just going to go fucking off! Only, who was I kidding, anyway you cut it, I'd be bouncing it right on it soon enough!

Well bouncing that damn thing sure ratcheted up her breathing! Sure, but no way will she start screaming, not until she's locks it right down on that over inflated clit anyway. Yup, and then she's just going to go nuts! Shit, she's already gasping and panting! And man, if she was on her back wouldn't those pretty tits of hers be jiggling and bouncing! And wouldn't that just be fucking hot! Hey now, too bad, but poor Edgar would sure love it too! He said he'd never heard any woman cum like Judi; well Hell, me neither!

Hey, if you think I get all melty at the sight of myself cuming, and I do; well then, guess how much hotter I'll get hearing it through Murphy's ears? Wow, I was me, and my audience too; no wonder I went down right molten. OK, and so what if, as usual, it was me I heard doing all the pleading, yeah and screaming too? Gosh, anyway I don't think I sounded so very different from the hordes of willing girls I'd sent screaming in to orgasmic orbit. And knowing just how much Murphy gets off on hearing me scream my fool head off, I just went right ahead, and, well, went off! OK, and so what if I get off on hearing myself blasting off in to orgasmic orbit too? So, I loudly encouraged myself with an enthusiastically screamed "Fuck me, yes, yes, I'm cuming...more, yes, yes, yes...fuck, oh fuck yes...oh God, I'm cuming, oh fuck, oh fuck, yes, yes more!" And, don't I just love it when one delightful orgasmic orbit, sends me hurtling straight in to another, and another, and...! Gosh, and I never even got to catch my breath, before it was "Oh fuck, oh fuck, yes, yes...here I go, oh again yes, yes, oh God yes that's it!" Now, I've had lovers who don't seem too appreciate a girl; well let's say, expressing her feelings, while she's doing her best to thoroughly enjoy the holy Hell out of an orgasm or two. Well, fuck them I say; they sure don't get a second chance with this girl, no way buddy boy! And OK, so what if sometimes I ham it up some? Don't you add a little salt to food, you know, to bring out more of the flavor?

Wonder if she even heard that "Oh shit Judi, you should be doing porn!" Hey, why not; those porn girls put on a great show too! Except Judi really gets in to it! Sure, and with her it's all real! OK, maybe like now, she hypes it some. But wow, look at all that fucking juice she's pumping out. Now, that's nothing but one hundred percent real! Oh man, she definitely caught up with that one! "Go girl, go," oh sure as if she's about to stop after one anyway! Un-huh, and it's getting just a little bit hard to tell when one stops and the next one starts. Whatever, oh shit, she's beginning to look just a bit past well done! OK baby, but isn't bouncing that silver bullet off the headboard being just a bit overly dramatic?

Just what did he mean by that porn girl crack I wanted to know? Hey, sure I could teach those girls a thing or two I thought, knowing I'd love trying anyway. Right then though, all I wanted was to catch my breath! And then, oh yeah, I'd find out just what Murphy had had on his nasty mind. Whatever, I lay there panting, thinking that so far my little game had been pretty fun. Anyway, I sure was hoping Murphy was still in the mood to play voyeur. And, sure enough, there was Murphy grinning down at me, and sort of eyeing me like I was the menu in his favorite restaurant.

I pushed myself back up on to my knees, and glanced over at Murphy. And of course, his big cock was still standing marvelously erect. Seriously, I was surprised, and yeah, maybe disappointed too, that he hadn't hopped up, scrambled between my legs, and put that impressively jutting hard-on to work. So, with a quiet little snicker, I thought, maybe he wants to indulge his inner voyeur some more. And hey, after all, that inner voyeur was going to be me, now wasn't it! Deciding, I could ask him what he'd meant with that stupid porn girl crack later, I flipped over on to my back. You bet, I'd caught my breath, and was ready to play!

Maybe she's a fucking mind reader; or maybe, it's that terrifically nasty minds just naturally think alike. Yeah well, she's looking damn hot and nasty lying there on her back! Man, that's one smoking hot looking bit of bare pussy. Shaved bare, hot, wet, and nasty, oh fuck yes, that's the way pussy should look! Hot damn, and she's looking ready to rock N' roll too! Un-huh, and there's that wicked grin of hers! Hell yeah, it might mean she's brewing-up trouble; whatever, who the fuck cares, it always means fun and games.

Murphy caught that deliberately provocative grin. Sure he did; after I slapped my legs together, and cut off his view of all that pretty pink he did. His eyes dropped, tracking my hands as I slid them suggestively upwards across my belly. I watched his eyes, and they watched as my hands close around and cupped my tits. Yeah, and when my thumbs flicked out, stroking startlingly erect nipples, guess whose eyes stared hard enough for both of us? Right, but then, wow, those puppies were really seriously popped out!

Hey, what the fuck, I wanted to scream! Just why did Murphy have to go and move anyway; because, now he's blocking my view in the mirrors! OK sure, that did leave him standing there, staring right up between my very wide spread legs. Oh well, I figured; if I'm going to pretend I'm watching me through his eyes anyway, it's not really so bad, is it? I closed my eyes, imagining it was his strong fingers instead of mine delightfully rolling and pinching my nipples. Come on girl, I told myself, really twist them, yeah, work those puppies! Loving how deliciously wicked it made me feel, legs spread wide, I started rotating and thrusting my hips up. Oh God yes, and I could feel, well almost feel anyway, the hard cock driving down to meet those taunting pelvic thrusts! Only gosh, I kept picturing myself standing their instead of Murphy. And, the Judi I was picturing, stood there wearing a big fat strap-on dildo. And pretty damn quick, I'd have been kneeling between the legs of the girl lying on that bed, slamming her full of rubber cock, and knocking her hands away from her tits. I'd have fucked her real slow, well at first anyway, and done it while I twisted and pulled on her nipples too. Oh yeah, and she'd have been going wild, bucking and squirming around my big rubber cock. Damn straight, by the time I'd have finally got around to really giving it to her fast and hard, the bitch would have been screaming and begging for more, count on it! So, when I did manage to squirm back in to Murphy's head, I was practically beside myself with the need to demand, harder, she loves it rough!

Come on baby; Hell, if it was my fingers working over those nipples, you'd be squirming all over that bed! Yeah sure, and knowing Judi, she'd be begging for me to do it even harder too. She'd probably be demanding to be fucked harder too! No need to dare her, not when a challenging "Harder baby, come on, you're only teasing them," will get the job done. Yowl, man that looks like it'd just have to hurt! Hey now, remember to try yanking on them that fucking hard! Judi loves an audience, so lets just see what she thinks of "Come on baby, work it! You know, like pretend Edgar's here watching, or something."

Oh he's a horrid tease, I told myself! Yummy; but then, gosh I'd like that a whole lot in fact! Oh never mind! But, I wonder; does he have a clue just how sizzling hot thinking about being naked in front of Edgar gets me? Oh God yes, and I'd be playing with my tits, and staring at his pretty cock too. Murphy knows me though; so yeah, I'd say he knows just what I'm thinking alright!

Not a chance, she couldn't know just how fucking hot she looks! But then...Judi doesn't have to be looking to know. Hell yeah, she knows exactly what that body of hers, and the wicked mind powering it does to guys. Yup, and to the ladies too! Oh baby, if you ever turn those nipples loose, you're going to be lifted right up off the bed by them. God, she'd love it! So, if she does let go; too bad, my hand's just going to have to let go of my dick. Poor baby, she'd flip right out, if she knew she was missing out on catching a guy with his own dick in his hand. Now, wouldn't that just pop her eyes right open!

Honestly, if I hadn't pictured him stroking his big, thick, wickedly hard cock, well, I wouldn't have looked! But, I did; and, of course there he was pumping his fist up and down the deliciously hard length of that beautiful cock. And, from the look of the bastard's nasty grin, he knew precisely what seeing him doing it was doing to me. Well fine then; I figured, two can play that little game. Only, first the sight of his hand pumping away on that big fat cock had me making a mental note. Some time, and very soon too, I would make the darling bastard jack-off for me. Oh God I'd make him cum all over himself too. No wait, I thought, maybe I'd make him squirt the stuff all over my tits instead. Decisions, decisions; well guess who was wondering, hey, could I make the darling lick it up? Ah well, I knew it was going to have to be later for that delightful little fantasy anyway. Because; right then, I was much too busy pretending to ignore the bastard, that iron hard hunk of cock, and what he was doing to it! Gads, only it didn't get much easier, even when I closed my eyes again!
