 A few years ago, I had some friends that lived above my property in the mountains. They were into the homesteading thing; building their own house, doing the wiring, plumbing and all the other shit that goes with it. They were from up north, but I didn't hold that against them, as they were friendly and anxious to please. When we met, I was on my four wheeler, riding around in the forest between our houses, checking out a new source of firewood for the coming winter. I had stopped to smoke a cigarette, when I heard someone call for help. I ran deeper into the forest, following the voice, until I finally saw a man with his chainsaw lodged in a tree. He was trying to push the tree in the opposite direction, to take the weight off his saw so that he could remove it. I ran up to him and helped push the tree enough for him to retrieve the saw.

"Thanks for your help," he said.

"No problem." I replied, "Glad I was around here when you needed me."

"Yeah, I'm glad you were around too." He said. "I always have trouble cutting some of these trees. They never seem to fall where I want them to."

"It helps if you know what you're doing," I said, not unkindly. "It took me the longest time to figure it out and that was with a guy showing me how to do it."

"By the way," he said, laughing, "My names John Rivers. My wife and I live just over that rise behind you."

"Yeah, I'd heard you all were up here." I said, "I was just waiting for the right time to introduce myself. The names Jim Higgins, and I live down the mountain, a mile or so from here."

"Well, I think your timing was perfect!" He said as we shook hands.

He invited me to his house to meet his wife and have a drink with them. I said that I'd like that and asked if he wanted to ride over on the back of the four wheeler. He said he'd just go across the rise and meet me there. He told me which trail to use and I left him and started over on my own.

Ten minutes later, I pulled onto his freshly graveled driveway, and rode up to a nice looking log home. He came out of the house and with him was his wife. She was a nice looking woman, tall, short brown hair, bright eyes and a clear complexion. She was dressed in a white t-shirt and tight jeans that accentuated her hips and long legs. She had small breasts, and I could tell that she wasn't wearing a bra, because her nipples strained against the fabric of her shirt. She turned to close the door behind her and I noticed that her ass was filling out those jeans, exactly the way the designer intended.

They stepped off their porch and walked over to me as I dismounted from the bike.

"Jim, I'd like you to meet my wife, Laura." He said, "This is the guy that saved my saw from being forever stuck in a tree."

"It's very nice to meet you Laura, I'm Jim Higgins." I said. "As I told your husband earlier, I've been meaning to get up here and say hello, but just never got around to it."

"Well, you have now, and I thank you for helping John." She replied, as she held out her hand to me. I took it and she gave my hand a firm squeeze, that perhaps, lasted a moment too long, "It's nice to meet you," and then released it.

We went inside and I made the obligatory comments about their house, which was still under construction. Both of them liked to work with wood and it showed. What work had been finished, was done very well; the attention to detail was such that you didn't see in most homes built for the commercial market.

"Can I get you something to drink?" Laura asked, as she stood by the refrigerator. "A beer or a soft drink, perhaps?"

"A beer would really hit the spot." I told her. "And I'll just drink from the can, if you don't mind."

She handed me the beer and gave one to her husband, then went to a small chest freezer in the corner and removed a half gallon jug covered with frost, and unscrewed the top.

"Oh Lord," John said laughing, "This is the end of the official workday for her. She's getting into her moonshine."

"You know I don't like the taste of beer, John, and besides, this is what mountain folk drink when they have company. Right, Jim?"

"Some of the ones I know around here sure do." I said, "And it doesn't seem to matter whether they have company or not."

We all laughed and I was directed to sit in a chair, while they took seats on their couch across from me.

How old are you Jim?" Laura asked, not beating around the bush.

"I'm fifty six in a few months, if I can make it that long." I told her, smiling at my own humor.

"I swear, John, he doesn't look a day over forty, does he?" She said with a twinkle in her eye, as she took her first drink of the potent, homemade alcohol.

"Flattery will get you everything," I jokingly replied, looking straight into her eyes. "If you keep that up, you're going to make me blush."

"How old are you, Laura?" I asked, because fair is fair.

"We're both fifty two, but I feel much younger than that. She replied, raising her eyebrows.

"I've got to warn you Jim, when she gets into her shine, you can never tell what she's going to say next." John said. "She's sometimes very outspoken that way."

"It won't bother me." I replied looking at her, "I enjoy a conversation mixed with a little good fun."

I guess we sat and talked and drank for the rest of the afternoon. I had one hell of a buzz going and I know John did. He could hardly talk coherently, and had to be helped to the bathroom on his last visit; but Laura, on the other hand, was quite talkative and animated in her conversations with me. We covered just about everything under the sun and I'm sure we thought that we had solved several of the world's most pressing problems in one afternoon.

"I have to go now or I'll never make it home." I announced suddenly. "It's almost dark and my bike doesn't have working headlights." "Plus," I continued, "I'm almost as fucked up as a can of worms."

"How about one more beer for the road?" She asked, as she walked over to the freezer to get herself another drink. "Come on, Jim, I thought we were having fun. You sure you won't join me?"

"Well, it's against my better judgment, but what the hell, ok, I'll take another beer." I replied.

John smiled at the two of us, stood up slowly and then mumbled something that was in no way understandable to the human ear. He started to laugh hysterically at whatever he had said, then simply dropped to his knees and pitched forward, passed out!

"Goddamn party pooper." She said and giggled as she looked at him, "If you can't hang with the big dogs, then you better stay off the porch." 

She finished her drink, put her glass on the end table and stood up. She was buzzed too, but not as bad as I was and certainly not as bad as her husband. I stood up and made to walk to the door but she stopped me by placing her hand against my chest.

"I have an idea." She said, patting my chest, "If you'll help me get him to bed, I'll drive you home in my jeep. At least it has headlights that work and you're too drunk to drive your four wheeler down the mountain tonight."

"I'll help you with him if you want," I replied, "But you're not much better than I am at the moment. Maybe you shouldn't drive either."

"Oh, I'm alright with that. I've driven these back roads more times with a buzz on, than I care to admit. I think its sort of fun, and this time, I'll have some company. I promise not to go very fast and scare you to death."

We grabbed John by his arms and got him into a sitting position on the couch. Then we each sat beside him and threw his arms around our shoulders, put our arms around his back and then stood up, lifting him off the couch. She motioned with her head towards the rear of the house and then off we started, dragging him between us.

She opened the door to their room and we walked him through and over to the bed. Sitting down together, we released our hold on him and he fell back, across his bed. She busied herself taking off his boots and socks, then undoing his belt and I helped her slide his pants off, leaving him in his boxers and a t-shirt. She covered him with a blanket from the foot of the bed and kissed him on the forehead.

We returned to the living room where she once again headed for her freezer and poured herself another glass of shine.

"Don't worry," she said, "I'm taking this one with me for the ride. You want another beer?"

"I sure as hell don't need one but, fuck it, give me one too."

We walked out the door and over to her jeep where, still being the gentleman I always am, even fucked up, I opened the driver's door for her.

"Why thank you Jim, that's so sweet of you." She said, as she put her hand on my cheek and lightly ran her fingers down to my chin.

I shut her door and walked to the other side, waiting until she leaned over and unlocked the door. She carefully backed around my four wheeler, then turned and headed down the driveway. She turned the radio on and found some station playing oldies but goodies; which we listened to in silence until we had left her driveway and entered the old logging road, headed down towards my house.

"You know, Jim, tonight's the first conversation I've had with someone other than John, in a long time, and I loved it." She told me, and then took another drink. "Johns my husband and I love him dearly but, well...you know, same old- same old."

"I enjoyed it too, Laura, maybe we can do this again sometime; sometime very soon." 

"Perhaps sooner than you might know or even want, Jim." She replied, pulling over into a small clearing by the side of the road and then shutting the engine off.

She turned in her seat and picked up my hand, brought it to her lips and kissed it; then placed it on her chest, between her breasts. I leaned towards her and we kissed. Slowly at first, a simple kiss on the lips; then turning more erotic as her mouth opened and our tongues entered each others mouths. Her free hand went to the back of my head and pulled me closer to her as we kissed. My hand sought out her breast and cupped it; easily covering it with my hand. Her nipple was rock hard against the palm of my hand, and I could feel her heartbeat hammering in her chest. She took her hand off mine and pulled her t-shirt up, and then again taking my hand in hers, guided it to her breasts.

"Oh God, that feels so good, Jim." She moaned in my ear, "Play with my tits. Make my nipples beg for you to suck them." 

I took her nipple between my first two fingers and gently squeezed and tugged them, then lowered my head and took it in my mouth. I ran my tongue around the small tip of her tit and then sucked her entire breast into my mouth. Her back arched and she groaned, deep in her throat; her desire was evident. 

She placed her hand on my cock and feeling its hardness, unbuckled my belt, unsnapped my pants and then pulled my zipper down. Her hand slipped inside and ran up and down its length, pausing to gently cup my balls in her hand for a moment, and then resumed her gentle exploration. 

She began to tug at my pants, trying to pull them down and out of her way. I lifted my ass and she got them down just past my knees. Reaching above her head, she turned on the dome light and then wrapped here hand around my cock and began to slowly and exquisitely, manipulate me in such a fashion that I was all too soon, quivering in my seat.

I could feel my cock becoming slicker as she moved up and down my shaft, spreading my pre cum along its span. I placed my hand on the back of her head, silently urging her to take me in her mouth. We kissed again, our tongue's doing unheard of things in our regular life, but tonight..., oh god, tonight, it was so right, and it was so special.

She leaned down and licked the end of my cock, her tongue sipping at my tiny hole. I felt her warm breath wash across me as she positioned herself, ready to suck my essence from the center of my being. When she lowered her head, and engulfed my stiff member into her mouth, I threw my head back and almost howled at the non existent moon; because it felt so goddamn good. Oh God, it felt so good. "Please don't stop," I thought to myself and then spoke out loud.

"Oh God, Laura, please don't stop!" I shouted, holding her head to my lap as I arched my hips towards her face.

"Ohmygod, ohmygod, ohmygod," That mantra reverberated throughout my brain, bouncing around my cranium; its intensity was overwhelming. My entire universe, my focus of thought, my fucking existence, was centered on what Laura had in her mouth and what she was doing to it; at that very moment... OH...MY...GOD! 

She took my balls in her hand and gently squeezed them, then ran her fingers up my sack and gripped the base of my cock. I was ready, oh so ready, to shoot my load. My balls were sending that familiar feeling of tenseness and my cock, unbelievably, grew more swollen, as the first blast of cum leaped from deep within my center and invaded her warm, sucking mouth.

Her hand continued to pump my cock as she swallowed each and every drop of cum that she had so unerringly coaxed from me. I was shaking like a leaf, my ass cheeks gripped tightly together, as those intense feelings overtook my body. 

Satisfied that she had captured all that I had to give her at the moment, she sat up and leaned towards me, and with her hand, drew my head closer to hers. As she kissed me, my mouth opened and her tongue pushed inside, allowing me to taste myself for the first time.

"Did you enjoy that, Jim?" 

"God, yes."

"Would you like to return the favor for me?"

"Of course I would," I said, "I'd like nothing better than to make you feel as good as I felt.

"We'll have to get out of the car though, there's not enough room in here for me to do it right."

She kissed me again then pulled back and looked into my eyes, her hand again rubbing my cheek.

"Not here, and not tonight; but if you're willing, I have a plan." She said.

"What is it?" I asked.

"Tomorrow morning, John leaves for two days of his army reserve training. Would you come and keep me company in the evening?" She asked.

"Hell yes, I'm willing."

"There's one thing though, I really need a good massage. I need someone that has strong hands and would stay with it until I'm totally relaxed. Could you do that for me?"

"This must be your lucky day, madam, it just so happens that I am the very best masseuse in these here parts." I said.

"Would that also mean you're the only one around here?" She joked.

"Well, yeah, that too." I said as I grinned at her.

She kissed me again, then started the engine and drove me home. At the bottom of my driveway, I asked her to stop for a minute. I kissed her deeply, and told her how much I had enjoyed what she had done for me, and that I was certainly looking forward to tomorrow evening and what I would do for her. She just smiled at me, put her hand down on my semi-hard cock and squeezed it lightly, and then drove to the top of the hill, to my house.

The next day dragged by so slowly, like everything had molasses poured over it. I found myself checking my watch every fifteen or twenty minutes and then watching the sun traverse the sky, trying to determine how much longer it would be before I could see Laura. 

Finally, at six PM, I loaded my cooler, filled with beer and a quart jar of some exquisite tasting moonshine that I had received as a present from a friend of mine. When he gave it to me he joked and hinted that I had better be careful who I gave it to, because I might be very surprised.

"Man, this shit is way over the top my friend, better that any you have ever had." He said as he punched my arm playfully, "If you give it to a woman, damn, you better be prepared."

I thought of his remarks as I put the cooler on the back of my truck and hoped he was right.

At six thirty, I arrived at her house and true to her word, John's truck was gone. I parked my truck, grabbed my cooler and walked to her door and knocked.

"Laura, are you here?" I called and tried the door handle. It was unlocked. I was about to open the door when she came around the corner of her house, surprising me.

She was dressed in the shortest cut off shorts I'd seen, since Daisy Duke graced my TV, way back in the day, and a white, thin, halter top that just barely covered her small tits; her nipples already evident, and they were small, hard and ready. Her legs were long and tanned, her feet enclosed in white sneakers with the strings looped around her ankles and then tied; the smile on her face could have melted a candle, it was so bright and radiant. She looked fantastic. She knew it, and I knew it too.

I put my cooler down on her porch, sat down and patted the empty space next to me. She wiped her forehead with the back of her hand and sat down beside me.

"I've been taking care of the garden for the past few hours, and I'm worn out." She said, "Do you have anything in that cooler that I might like?"

I opened the top of my cooler, and waved my hand over the top, like a magician performing at a show, reached in and grabbed the quart jar and then handed it to her.

"I think you might find this somewhat exciting; perhaps, even a bit on the wild side." I ventured.

She unscrewed the top and lifted the jar to her lips, and took a drink.

"Goddamn, this is some good shit!" She cried, as a few tears leaked from her eyes and she struggled to catch her breath. "Whoooooh, I need a shower before I have any more of this shit." She placed her hand on my arm and squeezed, "Hey, stay right here and I'll join you in ten minutes, ok?"

She got up and walked in the door; I opened my cooler and grabbed a beer.

True to her word, she appeared at her appointed time, attired in a pair of light blue bikini panties and a t-shirt that read, "Tell your breasts to quit looking at my eyes." I almost choked on my beer as I saw that.

"I'm sore from the work I did in the garden today, all my muscles are tight and I need relief. Do you remember your promise?"

"Yeah, of course I remember, it'll be my pleasure. Where do you, ahh, want me to do it?"

"In the dining room of course, come on, I've already set it up for us." She grabbed my hand and I grabbed the cooler, and then followed her into her house.

I walked into her living room and the couch they had sat on last night, had been turned down into a bed. A crisp clean sheet was stretched across it. Three kinds of body oils were on the side table and a long stick of sandalwood incense was smoldering in a burner to the side of the oil. She had put six CD's of oldies on her player and then, standing in front of me, she pulled her t-shirt off and with a deep sigh, lay down on the sheet.

"Wait, just a minute, Jim, I want another drink first."

"Your wish is my command." I replied, as I handed her the jar of moonshine.

She took a small sip, sighed contentedly and then lay her head down on the bed and waited for me to start my massage.

I guess at this point, I should tell you a little about me. Yes, I'm an older man. I'm fifty six years old. I'm six foot three inches tall and I weigh two hundred and thirty five pounds. I have long blondish/grey hair and a full, neatly trimmed beard. My cock, I'm proud to say, is average, not too big and not too small; but it works for me and I've had no complaints. As large as I am though, I am still, a gentle giant, as far as women are concerned.

I selected one of the oils and poured a small amount onto my hands, and then rubbing briskly to warm it, I placed my hands on her lower back, and began to knead the flesh near her spine.

After ten minutes or so, my back was cramping from having to lean over the edge of the bed. I asked Laura if she would mind if I straddled her to continue the massage.

"Why don't you take off your jeans, Jim," she said. "That way I won't have to feel the rough cloth against me."
