 The neighbors were pleased to be invited to my Memorial Day party. I planned the party for Sunday which allowed families to do their thing on Saturday and have Monday to relax after the party. Mary, Miki and Pat basically took the planning out of my hands. They contacted all the other neighborhood women and had everyone bring salads, side dishes and desserts. I supplied the meat to cook, drinks and snacks. Everything was set for Sunday and the weather was forecast to be perfect.

That Saturday before the party I was working in the front yard when a car went flying past my house. It had to be going at least 50 miles an hour. The speed limit was 25 miles an hour and it was dangerous for anyone to be driving at a high speed. The neighborhood had many young children and family pets. I watched the car as it sped past Pat's and Gershwin's house. Gershwin was outside working and when he saw the car he screamed at it and threw his rake at it and hit the side door.

The car screeched to a stop and five young guys got out of the car. One of the guys was Tommy who lived down the street the other four must have been friends of his. The four guys were screaming and moving toward Gershwin and he was holding his ground screaming back at them. I dropped my tools and sprinted to Gershwin's house. I got there just as the fight started and it was over as fast as it had started. The four young guys lay on the ground groaning and holding an injured part of their body. 

Tommy was just staring at Gershwin and me as he probably had never seen two guys take out four so quickly. I looked at him and called out to him, "Tommy get your friends out of here before they really get hurt."

I still recalled the air going out of the one guy when I buried my foot in his solar plexus. "And Tommy, don't even think about coming back and doing a lawn job or there will be hell to pay," I warned.

The four guys made their way back to the car. They were probably still trying to figure out what happened and how they were taken out so quickly. The car drove off and Gershwin and I looked at each other. We had not spoken yet.

"Where the fuck did you come from?" he asked with a smile on his face.

"I was working outside when I saw what happened so I ran down here," I told him.

"I'm glad you did. It was nice to have some help. Where did you learn to fight like that?" he asked.

"I grew up in the Kitchen, spent four years in the Marines and I am working on my black belt in karate," I admitted and then asked, "What about you? You were ready to take on four guys by yourself."

"I learn to fight growing up on the lower west side. I was always getting picked on being a Jewish kid growing up there. I learned to box later," Gershwin told me and then said, "Do you want a beer?"

"Sure," I accepted.

Gershwin got two beers from his house and we sat on his front porch and got better acquainted. I learned that his parents were big fans of Ira Gershwin which is why he was named Gershwin. He also preferred to be called Gersh. I knew that he and Pat were characters and that they were the perpetual needlers and ball breakers. Gersh was 10 years older than Pat and they had adopted a boy who they named Robert. Pat at one time was studying to become a nun so they made quite a pair. I really liked them both.

Gersh and I had one more beer and then I returned home. Gersh told me that he would see me at the party tomorrow and then busted my balls by telling me that the food better be good. I laughed and waved to him. By the time everyone arrived at the party on Sunday the story was all over the neighborhood about the incident. 

On Saturday afternoon the hot tub that I ordered arrived and it was set up on the pool deck. It was a nice size Jacuzzi tub that could hold up to eight people. The Spa people filled it with water applied the chemicals and left the instructions and supplies with me. I was glad that it had arrived so that it would be available for the party on Sunday.

On Sunday afternoon, a bunch of neighborhood families arrived at the house for the party. I was surprised and pleased how everyone just took over. I didn't even have to cook the food as Lenny took over the grill and cooked the chicken and hamburgers. The swimming pool must have had twenty kids in it at the same time and they were having a blast. The adults were drinking, eating and socializing on the pool deck. The women had set up all the food and everyone was enjoying themselves. It was a great mix of Jewish people and Gentiles and we all got along. 

Then the Saturday incident was brought up and Gersh was a stitch. "Yeah there were four of them and I knew that I would be too much for them. So I called Walt down to take care of my light work," he stated and everyone cracked up laughing. 

Some people looked at me and waited for a reaction and I just smiled. Then Gersh took a bite of something that he didn't care for and he called out to me, "Hey Walt, this stuff is terrible. Save this for your relatives and serve the good stuff to your friends."

"Hey Gersh you're like a relative to me. You're old enough to be my father," I countered.

"Go scratch your ass,' he came back and we all laughed.

Then it was time for the kids to eat and afterward they would be sent home with baby sitters. There were enough young teens (12, 13 & 14) around to watch the younger kids. Arrangements had been made to split the young ones up in different homes with sitters until the adults arrived home. Most of the kids would be at Mary's, Miki's and Pat's home supervised by the teens.

After the kids and teens left the adults stripped down to their bathing suits if they had worn them under their clothes. Others ran home, changed and then returned. Mary and Miki did not wear their thong bikinis and most everyone had a tasteful two piece of one piece bathing suit. Carmella wore the skimpiest bikini but the one piece that Marge wore made her look incredibly shapely. 

Tom's skinny bleached blonde wife, Gloria thought she was something and most of us couldn't stand her. Gersh had said something offensive to her and she and Tom left early. They were a pain in the ass anyway and most everyone was glad they left. Cynthia had also left early leaving Ed behind and he was flirting with Sylvia which pissed off Jerry's wife Linda.

Gersh made a remark that Cynthia must have had enough to eat but he was surprised that she left anything for the rest of us. He was brutal, funny most of the time but he could be brutal. His wife Pat was not far behind. At one she said she saw Cynthia's panties on the clothes line and at first she thought it was a carpet. Then I intervened, "Okay you two lighten up," I said.

Miki's husband was home and I got to meet him. He was okay but kind of a pompous ass which was typical of some entertainers. I didn't warm up to him but he kept to himself mostly anyway. I saw Carmella getting out of the swimming pool adjusting her two piece bathing suit and Lenny had a grin on his face. I suspected that he was up to no good. That was the only real attempt at sex by anyone at the party. It wasn't that kind of a party

The party wrapped up at 10:00 PM and the women packed up all the food. A few people lingered to have a night cap but left shortly afterward. I hardly had anything to clean up as everyone had been so neat and careful around the pool. Everybody had enjoyed themselves and it had been a great party. I went inside poured a scotch and turned on the TV to watch the news. I just sat down when the phone rang.

"Walt, its Sylvia, I'm scared could you come over and check the house. My parents aren't home," she said into the phone in a panic.

"Be right there," I said.

I grabbed my k-bar (Marine Corps knife) and went over to Sylvia's house. I moved around the house quietly and I did not see anything strange. I went to the front door, rang the bell and announced my presence to Sylvia. She opened the door and she did look frightened.

"I'm sorry to bother you but I did hear noises earlier and I got scared. My parents won't be back until tomorrow evening," she stammered.

"I looked around and I didn't see anything. I can stay here for awhile if you like," I offered.

"Do you think that I could stay at your place tonight?" she asked meekly.

"Of course you can," I told her.

"Let me get a few things. I'll be right down," she said happily. 

SYLVIA STAYS THE NIGHT

Sylvia came down with a small overnight bag and then we went back to my place after she locked up her parent's house. I offered her a drink which she accepted and then she curled up next to me on the sofa as we watched TV. When it was time to turn in I offered to let her use the guest room but she asked to stay with me in my room. I took Sylvia to my bedroom and she surprised me by taking off all her clothes. 

She smiled at me and said, "You have already seen me naked so I thought it would be okay."

"It is absolutely okay. I love seeing you naked," I replied as I too stripped down.

Sylvia then lay on her back and I got between her legs. I put her thighs on my shoulders and lowered my mouth to her pussy. I took one slow lick as I flattened my tongue on Sylvia's mound. It felt so smooth and warm and I knew I had achieved the desired effect. Based on her moans I know that Sylvia enjoyed it. I enjoyed the taste of her and I kept licking and eating her. I pointed my tongue and burrowed into her pussy as it parted her labia my tongue was rewarded with the exquisite taste of her juice. I loved eating her and she loved me to do it.

Sylvia reached down with both hands and spread herself wide making it so much easier for my tongue to explore her pussy. Sylvia was breathing rapidly and she moaned softly whenever I got near her hard clit. As I searched out her hard clit still just barely hidden she tensed and began to quiver. After I felt like I had teased her opening as much as I could with my tongue it was time to see her reaction when my tongue finally touched that treasured pearl.

I burrowed my tongue as deep into her as I could and then I just sort of licked and sucked my way up. When I got to her clit I used the very tip of my tongue to push back the little hood. I flicked my tongue over it once and then used the tip to explore the folds of flesh on either side of it. Sylvia was now moaning and she used her fingers to pull her hood back as she arched herself so that her clit stuck out even further like a little cock. I nuzzled it with my nose taking in her scent and I licked it once more before I took it between my teeth and gently nibbled it. 

Sylvia went wild and started bucking and moaning loudly. She let go of her own fleshy hood and pulled my head to her pussy as she cried out in ecstasy. I sucked her clit as deep in my mouth as I could and Sylvia humped my face for all she was worth. I was excited that I was able to get her that excited and I sucked harder and played with her wonderful clit with my lips, tongue and teeth. I don't know exactly how many times Sylvia came but finally she collapsed on the bed, her body in spasms. I lay next to her and stroked her body my hands moved freely over her tits and pussy mound. She rolled toward me and embraced me and yelled for me to hold her tight.

"Hold me, oh please hold me," she pleaded as her orgasm and spasms continued.

I had not seen Sylvia cum that hard before and I was briefly worried. My fears were short lived when she finally calmed down and spoke to me.

"That was incredible I haven't cum like that since the last time I was with you. You really know how to eat pussy," she said with a sigh.

We lay there for awhile making small talk and then Sylvia started stroking my cock. "I like playing with your cock. You have a big cock," she told me.

"It's not that big," I replied although I was very comfortable with my manhood.

She then lowered her head and took my cock in her mouth. She only took about five inches in her mouth and stroked the rest of it with her delicate hand.

"Let me know when you are about to cum. I want you to cum in my mouth," she told me.

I just nodded and told her that I was close. Sylvia kept sucking me and jerking me off until I put my hand on her head as a signal that I was close. She took me deeper in her mouth and jerked me off with her hand. Cum flew out of my cock and sprayed the back of her throat. She pulled my cock out and let my remaining cum splash against her tits and neck. Several ropes of cum shot out of my cock she squeezed the remaining seed out then took my cock back in her mouth and sucked me dry.

Sylvia stood up, kissed me and then said, "Wow that was a good load."

"I was pretty worked today from the party but I didn't expect that," I sighed then I suggested that we take a dip in the pool as it was obvious that we were not ready to go to sleep, "Come on let's skinny dip in the pool. It's still warm out and I'll get you another wine to take outside."

We entered the pool armed with a scotch and a glass of wine. We sat in the shallow end and Sylvia leaned back into me. I reached around and stroked her cute titties tweaking and rolling her nipples in my fingers. I slid one of my hands down across her firm abs over her little blond tuft of hair and found her vagina. I played with the folds of her labia and then inserted my fingers in her pussy. I found her hard clit and rolled it between my fingers as I continued to tease her nipples with my other hand.

As Sylvia got turned on I moved her to the side of the pool and I had her lean over and hold onto the edge presenting her shapely ass to me. Her ass always looked good but this time it glistened with water and it looked so sensual. I leaned over and licked Sylvia's pussy from behind driving her wild. Then I had the urge to tongue her beautiful ass so I swiped my tongue from her pussy up and over her bung hole and back to her pussy. She gasped out loud when my tongue touched her asshole. I really got into it and grasped both of her curvy ass cheeks and pulled them slightly apart so that I could get my tongue in deeper. I probed her pink aperture with my tongue as I inserted my fingers in her pussy. She started whimpering, gasping and directing the action. 

"Oh my God, do it again. Lick me there; stick your tongue in there. Eat my pussy, tongue my bottom, oh yessssss," she cried out.

I my scotch and poured some in the crack of her ass letting it trickle down over her anus and pussy. I placed my mouth on her and drank up the scotch swabbing her pussy and ass in the process. I repeated this several more times until Sylvia seemed to go into convulsions with another orgasm. She collapsed back into my arms and I stroked her smallish tits as she recovered from the intensity of her orgasm.

"Not in my wildest dreams did I ever think that you would ever tongue me there or did I know it would feel so wonderful," she uttered in an exhaustive voice.

"I think I have found a new way to drink scotch," I told her. 

We decided to get out of the pool before we turned into prunes. We dried off and went back to my bed. Sylvia began to stroke my cock into an erect state and then proceeded to suck on it. She loved to stick her tongue in the little hole and nibble on my cock head. Looking up into my eyes, she slid her lips over my bulging head with her hand still wrapped around my shaft. Her tongue swirled under the ridge of my crown as she sucked me deeper into her mouth. She tested her gag line and was soon taking most of my cock down her throat. 

My cock was alive and my hot flesh pulsed against her lips. She pulled me deeper into her mouth, pressing her lips tightly against me and sucking hard. The feel of my hard cock sliding between her lips and over her tongue had me on the verge of a huge orgasm. Sylvia had slipped her hand down and fingered her dripping pussy. The smell of sex was rampant in my room.

I grabbed the back of her head and started fucking her face. She was slurping and sucking as fast as she could. Sylvia drooled as she tried to keep up with my thrusting motions. Her fingers dug into my thighs, moving her head as I pumped my cock in and out of her mouth. I could sense that I was going to cum soon and I warned her but she just kept sucking me in anticipation of receiving a creamy treat. I felt my cock swell and knew that she was about to receive my second load. Muffled moans escaped from her throat as she eagerly sucked my dick awaiting her prize. She moved her lips up and down over my shaft in rhythm with my thrusting motions. She was drooling like crazy and I could feel it running down my pecker onto my balls.

My breathing became more erratic and I was about to lose control. Sylvia looked up at me with those big eyes and nodded her head, letting me know she wanted to taste my seed and then covered my cock with her mouth just as I lost it. I let out a soft grunt as I pumped stream after stream of hot cream into her mouth. I shot the first jet against the roof of her mouth then several more blasts of hot cum poured into her mouth. She moved her hand under my scrotum to squeeze out the last few drops and then Sylvia had her orgasm. Apparently the feel of my throbbing cock in her mouth, the taste of my seed and her hand in her cunt was just too much. The pressure in her lower tummy gushed out through her pussy and soaked her fingers.

My cock fell from her lips and cum dripped from her lips and chin as her body jerked and shuddered in orgasm. Sylvia looked up at me when she was done, blotches of cum glistened on her lips. She slid up to me to cuddle and we kissed tenderly. She rolled to her side and I embraced her in the spoon position. Soon we fell asleep.

MEMORIAL DAY

We woke up in the spoon position the next morning and my morning piss hard-on was nestled in the crack of Sylvia's ass. I eased my body out of bed and she rolled over on her stomach. I glanced at her fine ass and then I covered her with the sheet and blanket. I went to the bathroom and took my morning piss, brushed my teeth and then through on a pair of shorts and tee shirt.

I went into the kitchen and made a pot of coffee. As the coffee was brewing I checked the hot tub. The temperature was a perfect 100 degrees. It was a drizzly damp morning that day and I hoped it would clear up later. I filled the thermal pot with coffee and I took it out to the hot tub with me. I took off my clothes and sank into the Jacuzzi with my cup of coffee. The tub was under an overhang from the house so the light rain didn't land in it. It was so pleasant to sit in the tub with a hot cup of coffee and watch the light rain. I thought about how cool it would be in the winter time sitting in the Jacuzzi with a cognac watching the snowflakes come down.

Just then my thoughts were interrupted by Sylvia's sweet voice, "Good morning."

"Good morning. Come and join me. There's a cup there for you and there is coffee in the pot," I offered.

Sylvia smiled at me and worked under the overhang to stay dry. She was wearing a short pink robe that showed off her shapely legs. She poured the coffee and set it down on the side of the Jacuzzi. Then she took off her robe revealing her sweet naked body. Sylvia swung her sexy legs over the side and slid into the water.

"Oh wow, this is incredible. The temperature is perfect," she cooed.

She then took a sip of coffee and smiled at me again, "You certainly know how to live right," she said.

"I'll tell you a hot tub, great coffee and a beautiful blonde. It doesn't get any better than this," I answered.

She smiled again and then moved over by me. She nuzzled up against me and I put one arm around her. We sat in the bubbly water sipping the fresh coffee and listened to the patter of the rain of the roof of the house. It had started to rain harder by then but we were sheltered from it. We stayed in the hot tub and finished the coffee. Neither one of us felt like moving to fill up the thermal pot so we just cuddled together.
