 Not too sure what category this should appear under. This story is for the lovely Hayli. A truly wonderful young woman. I hope you are still being careful in the store Hayli. XX

*

The driver cruised down the loch side road, steering his truck around a sweeping bend. The sun glinted on the loch to his right as he checked his time. 'Need to stop for the night soon,' he thought. His driving time limit fast approaching but he knew there was a big lay-by where he could park and spend the night around the next bend. 

Rounding the last corner he could see his lay-by ahead. There was another vehicle, a car, in it but there was more than enough room for both vehicles. As he drew closer he could see someone standing beside the car. 

No, not standing, they appeared to be .... dancing? Closer still he could see the person was a very pretty blonde girl wearing a short summer dress, yellow, the kind that buttoned up the front. The driver chuckled. He knew what the problem was. Summer time in Scotland, late afternoon, MIDGES! 

He slowed to a stop and climbed down, moving quickly to the girls side he took her arm and drew her towards his truck. Opening the passenger door he told her to get in. Her flailing arms did nothing to help as he lifted her by the waist and put her on the top step before placing a hand on perfectly formed bottom and pushing her through the door which he slammed shut. He caught a sneaky glimpse of lemon panties as his rough hands slid over her taut buttocks. Climbing back inside his door he handed the young woman a bottle of lotion. 

'Smear it on,' he told her. 

She looked at the bottle 'Avon Skin So Soft?' She said unbelievably. 

'Trust me,' he said 'I'm a fisherman.' 

She gave him a sideways look before popping the top and squeezing out a generous dollop of lotion which she rubbed on her face and arms. 

'Do your legs too,' said the driver. 

Hayli was a little unsure but slowly she reached down and starting at her ankles she rubbed more lotion into her long tanned legs. The driver didn't look away as she reached her thighs which she parted slightly to allow her to cover all of her exposed skin. This gave the driver yet another glimpse of the pale lemon panties she was adorned with. 

'I go out fishing on lochs like this all over and this stuff is the best thing for keeping those little buggers away, honestly. The army use it too but theirs doesn't have the scent, that wouldn't do at all,' he laughed. 

'I notice from your accent you are not from around here, where is it, the U.S.?' He asked 'what are you doing over here?' 

'Well I'm treating myself to a little vacation,' she answered 'but today hasn't been very good at all.' She said 'My rental car has broken down and my cell phone won't work either and you are the first vehicle to pass in an hour. Another one did pass about 2 hours ago but they didn't stop.' 

'Lassie, looking the way you do they must have blind or just stupid. Cell coverage is pretty poor this far North,' The driver lifted his own 'phone, 'Mine isn't working either.' 

'Can you give me a lift to the next town?' Hayli asked. 

'I'd really love to but I can't drive any more today, it's the law, sorry. I'm Stewart by the way,' he said. 

'I'm Hayli and I'm very pleased to meet you Stewart but I don't know what I'm going to do now.' 

'Don't fret lass; I'll have a wee look at your car.' 

He climbed back down and helped Hayli down the four steps to the ground. His hands sliding up her legs as she descended until they rested on her tiny waist. She looked up at him. He was an older man 50 ish, about 6' 3'' or 4'', broad with a balding crew cut. She thought he had a nice smile. 

Stewart looked at the car and chuckled. 'Hayli, it's the guys who use this excuse. Out of petrol, gas. These little things go for miles on a tank but you do have to remember to fill them up.' 

'What will I do now?' asked Hayli as she tried to stop her lip trembling, 'I guess I can sleep in the car.' 

'It can get very cold here at night even during the summer,' Stewart told her 'If you want to, you can sleep in my cab tonight, it's well heated and I have plenty bedding, you will be able to stretch out instead of being cramped in that car, tomorrow we can get you fuel.' 

'I don't know,' said Hayli a little unsure about what to do, 'I do know I'm really hungry but I don't have anything to eat.' 

'That I can fix,' said Stewart. A little gas stove appeared and in next to no time he served up a dish of macaroni cheese. 

'I'm sorry it's not anything fancy but it has to be fairly simple on the road. Coffee and biscuits later, sorry I mean cookies. That is if you will accept a cookie from a strange man?' 

After coffee they went down to the loch. Hayli watched from a rock by the shore as he stripped off his shirt, dropped his jeans and shorts and ran into the water where he proceeded to wash himself.

'It's freezing,' he called, 'but you have to take the chance when it is there. It's difficult sometimes to find a shower when you are on the road.' Her mouth hung open as he walked out of the water as if she wasn't there. 

Hayli blushed and her head dropped as he caught her looking. He chuckled. Hayli risked another look through her lashes as he rubbed himself with his t-shirt then pulled on his jeans. He went back to the truck for more lotion and the dirty dishes.

With the dishes washed up they sat and watched as the sun dropped lower toward the water. 

'Have you noticed they aren't biting now?' he asked. 

Hayli looked up surprised, she hadn't given the midges a thought but sure enough while there were clouds of them about they were leaving them both well alone. 

'Thank you,' she smiled at him. 

'Let's go for a little walk along the loch,' he suggested. 'I like to stretch my muscles after sitting all day driving.' 

They set off down the shore Hayli marvelled at the landscape, it was so peaceful with the water lapping gently on the pebble beach. The sky was free of clouds and Stewart told her it would be a very cold night. Suddenly he stopped and held her arm.

'Shh. Look, over there,' he whispered. 

She could feel him stand behind her. Reaching round he took her arm and pointed her hand.

'Look down where you are pointing, it's an otter.' 

Hayli followed her hand. About 50 yards away, a small sleek brown otter laid on its back clutching a fish which it was eating with gusto. She also became aware of Stewart's hand still holding hers while his other was around her waist resting on her belly. She could feel him pressing against her bottom, the bulge in his jeans nestling in the small of her back. 

'Let's head back,' he said. Still holding her hand they slowly made their way through the falling gloom back to the lay-by. They were almost back when Hayli slipped on a rock by the water's edge. Her hand was torn from Stewart's grasp as she fell into the loch. Quickly he was in beside her helping her up and making sure she wasn't hurt. 

'Are you okay Hayli?' he asked. 

'Apart from being soaked through I'm fine,' she spluttered, 'I don't have any dry things with me,' she wailed. 

'Never mind let's get you back inside first,' Stewart soothed. 

Back in his truck Stewart produced a large fluffy towel and told Hayli to get undressed. She hesitated before wrapping the towel around herself then peeling off the wet clothes. Stewart set about closing curtains all around the truck and turning on the heating. 

'Let me have you wet things Hayli, I'll string them up outside, they will be dry by morning.' Hayli handed over her dress and underwear. Stewart held up the panties.

'They don't cover much do they? But they are very pretty just like the girl inside them.' 

Returning from hanging up her clothes Stewart set about fixing the bed. With that done he stood Hayli up and started to rub her with the towel. 

'Are you warming up okay?' He asked her. 

Hayli nodded, 'Thanks.' she shivered. Pulling her to his chest Stewart wrapped his arms around her. His strong hands rubbed from her shoulders to her buttocks. 

'Get under the cover and get warm.' He told her. Hayli let the towel fall from around her as she slid under the duvet giving Stewart a glimpse of her hardening nipples perched upon two perfect globes, his eyes travelled downward to her shaven mound. 

Hayli's mind was racing. Here she was naked in a trucker's bed, a trucker she had met only a few hours ago. He did seem nice, he had helped her and he made her pussy gooey. 

Stewart locked up and started to undress. His t-shirt came off revealing again the mat of dark hair on his chest. She thought the bulge in his jeans was very pronounced. Hayli shivered once more watching as his cock waved around as he peeled off his Wranglers. Stewart slipped beneath the cover to lay behind her. 

'This is the best way to heat up,' he told her 'bodily contact.' 

With that he pulled her back toward him enfolding her in his arms. 

'There,' he said 'you'll feel warmer soon Hayli.' 

His cock was growing, pressing against her bottom. She felt it twitch as it slipped between her cheeks. A hand smoothed over her stomach, stroking her belly and working down to her smooth pussy mound while his other was gently rubbing over her breasts, the palm grazing her sensitive nipples, making them painfully hard. 

She felt him nuzzle her neck, covering her with soft sucking kisses. Her pussy was flooding as she reached back to rub his cock. Hayli wriggled around to face Stewart. His hands now stroked her flanks and down over her tight ass. She lifted a leg over his to allow him access to her melting pussy. 

He stroked her slit separating her lips to find her wet hole. He dipped his finger in her up to the second knuckle then drew the tip from her ass to her clitoris which he gently circled making Hayli moan. 

Kissing down over her throat he reached her breasts and he suckled each hard nipple in turn, licking, gently biting and tugging the stiff peaks and Hayli stoked his ever hardening cock. Hayli pushed him on to his back as she climbed on top her stiff nipples dragging through the covering of hair spread over his chest and belly. Downward she moved until she met his straining erection. 

The tip glistened as a bead of moisture oozed from the slit. Wrapping her small hand around his dick Hayli reached out with her tongue and scooped it up and coating her lips with it. He groaned as Hayli sank her mouth over his cock, her lips descending down his shaft until he could fell his cock head touch the back of her mouth. 

Hayli began to pump her head up and down in a steady rhythm running her tongue over the shaft on the down stroke and swirling around the head on the up. Again and again Hayli swallowed his cock sucking and licking on his shaft as her head bobbed through its dance of lust. 

Stewart's hips bucked and he let out and long deep groan as his stiff pole fired hot come into Hayli's waiting mouth. She drew her head to the tip, sucking as she made sure she didn't miss a single drop of his seed. She moved up to kiss him letting him taste himself on her tongue. 

'Was that nice?' she husked. 

'Oh God Hayli that was fucking wonderful,' gasped Stewart 'your turn now lassie' 

Kneeling on the bunk he drew Hayli to him. He scooped a hand under each buttock and lifted until only her head and shoulders lay on the bed. Arranging her thighs either side of his head he started to lick Hayli's dripping slit. 

His hands closed over her belly locking her in place as the tip of one finger found the hard marble of her clitoris and began to rub it very gently. His tongue snaked between her lips sucking her dew from the hot crevice. The tip pushed in and out like a miniature cock making Hayli gasp and jerk her gorgeous legs against his back. 

'Ohhh don't stop!' she breathed. 

He licked on running his stiff tongue up and down her pussy while caressing her swollen bud with his fingers bringing the little American girl closer to her climax. He could sense it building as he brought two fingers to her wet entrance and pushed them swiftly home. 

Hayli's hips bucked but Stewart held her tightly moving his head up slightly he brought his tongue to her clit and began to rapidly flick the tip over it as his mouth clamped around it. He began to gently suck as he licked. 

Hayli began to convulse, her chest heaving as she neared her orgasm, her pussy clamped to this man's mouth. Her arms beat a tattoo on the bed as he suddenly started humming over her clitty, this sent her over the edge and she wailed as she came like never before. 

Legs and arms thrashing she rode her climax, her juices splashing against Stewart's face as kept on plating her sweet pussy. Gently he eased her back down to the bunk and lay beside her. His face glistened as she stroked his cheek before kissing him deeply. 

'You taste simply wonderful Hayli,' he told her 'I could eat you all day.' 

They lay together recovering his arms wrapped around her protectively, cuddling her close to him. She could feel his warmth as he squeezed her gently.

'Ahh, Stewart, where do you go for a bathroom?' Hayli asked, 'I need to pee.'

'We use the great outdoors,' he told her.

He stood up and reached into an overhead locker. He pulled out a pack of baby wipes and grabbed the towel. Opening the door he climbed down holding his arms out to Hayli.

'I'm naked!' she protested.

'How many cars have passed?' he asked her, 'just get your cute ass down here.'

Hayli fell into his arms and he carried her to a grassy area. She squatted and a trickle could be heard and she sighed. Stewart gazed down at her. Hayli didn't flinch but kept her eyes fixed on his. As she finished Stewart took a wipe and gently cleaned her pussy. 

Taking her hand he helped her stand before gathering her up in his arms and laid her on the towel which was now spread over the hood of her car. He stood between her parted thighs which she spread even further for him. Looking down Hayli saw him guide his rampant cock to her cunt. 

She gasped as the angry purple head pushed between her lips and speared her gushing oyster. Her pussy walls gripped his cock as it was slowly fed into her sopping vagina. Then there was no more to push in. His balls rested on her ass, he stayed motionless, allowing them both to savour the sensation.

Hayli could feel his heart beat as his cock pulsed in her cunt. Stewart could feel the muscles in her pussy rippling around his shaft. He started to move, gently rocking back and forth, withdrawing his prick an inch before pushing slowly back to the hilt. 

Gradually his pace increased and his stroke lengthened. Hayli's breathing began to quicken. Lifting her legs Stewart pushed them back towards her chest allowing deeper penetration of the little blonde girl.

Their thighs slapped together as Stewart continued to plough Hayli's steamy furrow. Hayli was lifting her hips to meet his thrusts. She could feel her climax building as he pounded her mercilessly. 

Then it was on her, her cunt spasming around his hot cock, her legs trembling and her head rolling from side to side, her stomach muscles clenching as her orgasm ripped through. Hayli's breath came in gasps as she felt Stewart lift himself up on tip toe to force his cock into her one last time before filling her hot cavern with jet after jet of warm, sticky semen. 

Stewart collapsed on top of her breathing hard. He kissed her deeply as he stroked her face.

'That was the best Hayli, thank you so much.' 

'It was good for me too Stewart,' she told him 'I think I'm glad I ran out of gas.' 

His softening cock slipped out of Hayli and their combined juices started to dribble out of her. Kneeling, Stewart spread her pussy lips and pushing his tongue into her seeping hole he curled the tip and lapped the come from her. Standing he leaned over and kissed Hayli again filling her mouth with their combined mixture. 

Lights flashed and a horn sounded loud causing them both to jump as a car sped by. Shock turned to laughter as Hayli asked 'How many cars is that now?' 

Stewart helped her climb back into the truck where they both curled up together on the bunk. He wrapped his arms around her holding her close as they both fell into a well deserved sleep. 

Stewart awoke to a very pleasant sensation. He opened his eyes to see the beautiful blonde girl astride him, raising and lowering herself on his rigid penis. He lay there and let her continue to ride him faster and faster until she squealed in orgasm as she fell onto his chest breathing hard. 

Stewart raised his hips and thrust hard into Hayli holding her up as he pumped into her from below. It wasn't long before he too came convulsing as his cock spat another load of hot come into Hayli's welcoming cunt. 

They cleaned up in the freezing waters of the loch before eating a quick breakfast of fruit and coffee before Stewart drove to the nearest petrol station. They returned to the car where he filled the tank with enough to get Hayli back to the station for a proper fill up. 

'Where are you going now Stewart?' she asked.

'I'm going to Inverness to collect a load then it will be down the A9 as far as I can get today. I'll probably have to stop about Dalwhinnie. There is another great lay-by there, right in the heart of the mountains.'

He drew her to him wrapping his arms around her he squeezed as he kissed her.

'You take extra special care of yourself Hayli Simpson, you are an extra special lady and I'll never forget you.'

'Thank you for looking after me Stewart, I'll never forget you either.'

He climbed into his truck and with a blast on the horn he was gone.

The driver cruised down the A9, steering his truck around a sweeping bend. He was close to Dalwhinnie, his timing was near perfect. He would make the lay-by there and stop for the night. As he rounded the bend he could see his goal. There was another vehicle in the lay-by, a car. Standing beside it was a figure dressed in yellow. The driver grinned widely.