 She was sleeping the sleep of the exhausted. He had worked her hard over the past several hours, fucking her over and over again, always in new positions, different locations, testing her and himself. How much sexual stimulation could she take before she began to "chain" -- cumming over and over, orgasm on top of orgasm, until she begged him to stop and begged him to keep going? Could he keep himself from cumming when she did, despite her groans and the spasms of her vaginal walls around his cock as it was buried deep inside that warm, wet haven? How long could he keep pounding that beautiful pussy before he finally exploded in her, filling her deepest crevices with his spunk?

But that was then -- hours ago. Now he had other delights in mind.

The bed she lay in was huge, with the headboard and footboard handcrafted of solid steel, the headboard bolted to the concrete wall of the loft he owned in lower Manhattan. He had spent months designing that bed, making certain that even at the hundredth glance it still looked just like what it was -- beautifully--crafted modern art that just happened to be a bed. It was much more than that, of course. All of those geometric shapes that were cut into the steel, the bars and blocks, some articulated and some stationary, layered over and under and around each other, were actually handholds for him and restraints for her. 

He looked at her, sleeping naked on his bed, from a hand--crafted steel chair at the bedside (it was another of his creations and also served other more sexually arousing purposes than just sitting). He was hard again, just from looking at her -- all that luscious, woman's body. It was more than some men wanted, but for him, all those curves and the exquisite softness of her was infinitely more exciting than any hard, emaciated, bony little--girl body. Leave that for the "minimalists." He wanted a WOMAN. He loved the spread of her hips as they cradled his pelvis during sex, the warm, firm pillows for his forearms that were her thighs when he was licking and sucking her pussy and clit. And her breasts! So large that he couldn't close his hands around them, soft and warm and firm. The nipples -- especially the doubled one -- so sensitive that even the slightest puff of warm, moist breath tightened them into erect, rosy nubs. A little ice, and they were hard as pebbles. Those were his favorite part of her body, second only to her warm, wet pussy. His erection grew a little harder at the thought.

As he considered those nipples and the things he liked to do to them, she rolled over onto her back, the opportunity he'd been waiting for, since he didn't want to wake her before he was ready. He gently took one of her hands and guided it into a hole in the headboard, and then dropped and firmly latched a bar into place around her wrist to effectively handcuff her to it. He moved around the bed and secured her other wrist similarly. Next he moved lower, dropping light, moist kisses on the insides of her legs, pausing to give her clit just a few delicious licks, and then he added a steel spreader bar to the cuffs he placed around her ankles. He had found that chain worked better than a spreader bar in some applications, but not today. Yes, chain allowed greater freedom of movement while still quite effectively hobbling her, but a bar kept a subject in the proper position, as well as allowing denial of certain... pleasures. He shrugged slightly. "Different strokes," as the saying went, and then chuckled at the double entendre as he took each ankle and shackled it to the footboard with a length of chain. 

As he finished binding her to his bed, his gaze rose back to her tits and the nipples that were his constant delight. He had spent countless pleasurable hours rubbing, squeezing, sucking, licking, biting and nibbling on those delights, and he looked forward to many, many more hours of the same. But for now he wanted something a little different -- he wanted them even bigger and more swollen than normal. So, he took two suction cups from a snakebite kit, placed them over her nipples and squeezed, pulling the deepest suction he could without waking her. Then he kissed her lightly on the lips, and settled back into the chair, absently stroking his cock with one hand and occasionally squeezing and rolling his balls with the other, watching her sleep.

****

She stirred, trying to stretch sleep--stiffened muscles. It took her a few moments to fully waken, partly because she didn't really want to (she'd been dreaming of new and lascivious ways of forcing orgasms from him and was still trying to decide if it could actually work) and partly because she was still tired from all he'd put her through just a few hours ago. Gradually, reality began to sink in as she tried to move again -- and she realized she was bound to the headboard by her wrists, spread--eagled on the bed, her ankles chained to the footboard. When she opened her eyes she saw the snakebite suction cups, bright yellow in the dim light of the early winter morning, laying over at a drunken angle against her DD--sized breasts like Coast Guard bouys; she could feel the suction tug and pull with every breath, forcing her nipples higher, deeper, and thicker into the cups that trapped them. 

And she was wet.

Wetter than she could ever remember, even for him. Her labia felt swollen even without the benefit of having her knees together. And her clit throbbed in time to her heartbeat, begging for release.

She turned her head towards the small bedside chair and saw him there, stroking his erection just enough to keep it going but not enough to get himself off. Watching her. Waiting for her to wake and realize the predicament she was in. She licked her lips as she looked at that wonderful cock; how she wanted to wrap them around it and lick and suck, feeling it twitch and throb as he fucked her mouth. She sighed; perhaps next time...

He stood and crossed to the bed and positioned himself between her knees, still stroking his cock with one hand, and reaching with his free hand to abruptly pull the yellow suction cups off her nipples. They had been on for over an hour, and her nipples were thick, rigid and erect as his cock. And twice as sensitive. Tossing the cups aside, he leaned forward, his hands on either side of her ribcage, and took one of those hard, enormous nipples in his mouth and sucked -- licking away the slightly--salty water that had been pulled from her skin, nibbling, and biting, feeling her writhe under him and gasp his name, as he moved his hips from side to side, forward and back, his cock bouncing back and forth between her thighs and then sliding up and down her slit but never quite entering her, gathering her wetness on the head of his cock and letting it mingle with the precum oozing from the eye. He transferred his attention back to her nipples, specifically to the doubled nipple and repeated the licking, nibbling, and sucking while squeezing and teasing the other in his hand, just so it wouldn't feel ignored. 

He had discovered long ago that she could cum just from having her nipples teased, and he was winding her up to one whopping orgasm. He loved the way she moved when she was about to cum -- the arching of her back, the hitch in her breathing, the look on her face as she concentrated on the sensations that skittered through her nipples and breasts and clit and cunt. The way she lifted her knees and widened them at the same time, pushing with her vaginal muscles to expel her cum as her clit throbbed and her whole body shuddered with her release.

But this time he stopped.

Stopped moving, stopped licking, stopped squeezing. 

Just stopped.

He moved off of her, and reached into the nightstand for a cock--shaped vibrator. It was the smallest one he could find -- Perfect for what he was going to do to her. He wanted to tease her, not stretch her out so much that he couldn't feel the walls of her cunt when he began to fuck her. He turned the vibrator as high as it would go and slid it into her pussy. Small and teasing and buzzing just enough to keep her on the edge of orgasm but not enough to push her over.

And then he moved off of the bed and settled back into the chair, stroking his throbbing, aching cock, watching her. He loved denying her orgasm. He would let her have one some other time, perhaps even later this morning. For now he just wanted to watch her helplessly squirm in sexual torment, watch her twist and turn, her hips helplessly humping thin air trying to find release.

She knew better than to expel the vibrator -- she'd tried that once before and had been punished for it. But the temptation was so great! If he wouldn't let her cum, the least he could do would be to let her arousal drift away into nothing. As it was, every part of her was sensitized to the buzzing in her pussy -- her clit, her skin, her distended, hard nipples. It was strangly erotic to see them so large and swollen. She did not have "perky" breasts, with uptilted nipples. She had large, heavy breasts, their nipples pointing to her toes (or his mouth -- which ever happened to be beneath her). But laying as she was, and as large and turgid as they were, she could see every ridge and bump and swell in them as they faced the ceiling, accentuated by how dark they were against the lighter flesh of her belly. Oh, if only he would suck on them...!

While she had been contemplating her nipples and the predicament she was in, he had been rummaging around in the bathroom. He returned with a wicked smile on his face and something in his hand -- an old, discarded battery--operated toothbrush. Still stroking and stoking his ferocious hard--on, he flicked the switch of the toothbrush, turning it on and off, teasing her without ever touching her. 

And then he was touching her -- turning the brush on and off while it was against the sensitive flesh of her engorged nipples. Rubbing it around in little circles about her areola. Stopping as she started to climb towards an orgasm. Starting again when she settled down. Pinching and rolling one nipple with his hand and teasing the other with the toothbrush. 

But the game was beginning to pall -- he cock had become so hard it was almost painful. He still attended to it with one hand but now he had a new thought! He kissed and nibbled his way down her body, beginning with her eyebrows and sliding leisurely down past her lips, her throat, across her collarbone, pausing at her nipples to tease and twist and torture just a little bit more, and then continued his journey around her navel to the thatch of dark coarse hair at the apex of her thighs. And then a truly wicked smile crossed his face. 

He pulled the vibrator from her aching pussy and it tossed aside and with one smooth motion slid his turgid cock inside her, burying himself balls deep. He still had the toothbrush in his hand, and flicked it on, letting it buzz before her puzzled face. And then he moved his head to one breast -- the one with the double nipple -- and took that nipple in his teeth, gently nibbling and worrying it with his tongue. As he felt her begin her climb, felt her back arch beneath him and heard her breathing go unsteady, he raised himself up slightly -- just enough to slide the toothbrush between them -- and set the rotating bristles against her aching, throbbing clit as he began to pound against her pussy in earnest.

He pulled his upper body up by the handholds in the headboard, the better to pound his cock into her body, watching her breasts jerk and jiggle with each thrust, the nipples dancing madly, the toothbrush buzzing and vibrating between them and she began to orgasm in earnest. On and on and on -- orgasm after orgasm, she writhed beneath him, helpless against the pounding her cunt was taking and the onslaught of sensation her clit was undergoing. Wave upon wave, more and more sensation and cum and jerking and moving. He watched his prick moving in and out of her body, the slick feel, the sucking wet sounds of their coupling driving him faster and harder until he was helpless against the tide of quaking, quivering, spasming flesh that was her beneath him and around him. He came with a roar of triumph and release, pumping his cum into her with every throb of his cock, until he was finally milked dry and he collapsed on her.

As they lay together, their breathing becoming more normal, and just before he released her wrists and they both drifted off to sleep, she looked at him and said,

"Next time, my turn to torture you."