 Monday morning dawned heralding a bright and sunny forecast. The early morning storm had passed leaving puddles and a clean, fresh smell to the air. Pete awoke to it feeling dirty and worse for the wear. His body lay evidence to the sexual assault Samantha had committed during the dark hours of the night. His foreskin felt somewhat chaffed and numerous welts covered a reddened ass cheek. His semen stained sheets sat bundled in the corner of his bedroom and books he kept on his headboard had fallen to the floor. When he glimpsed at himself in the mirror his hair looked like hell and he thought he could see where Samantha had spit on his face. 

Pete knew Rebecca and Samantha were meant to make the 45 minute trip back to their college in the city some time that morning. They were heading back later rather than earlier in order to avoid the morning rush. It was a pedagogical day for Pete which meant he would have the house to himself once everyone left. He contemplated staying in his bedroom, waiting for them to leave, but was feeling too dirty and desperately wanted to take a shower. He gathered his courage and made his way downstairs wearing track pants and a t-shirt. He carried his sheets with him for the wash. As luck would have it, Pete found the house empty, no sounds of voices or footfalls to be heard. His parents were already long gone to work. From the morning dishes and shoes left by the door he imagined the girls still asleep in Rebecca's attic bedroom. 

After a quick shower Pete decided to have breakfast. He grabbed a couple of cereal bars and brewed an instant coffee with the intention of making a run for it if he heard any signs of the girls getting up. When he pulled out his favourite coffee mug he found a folded piece of paper inside it. It was a note from Maggie, his step-mother. At first he was reluctant to read it. Part of Samantha's humiliation scheme earlier that night included stuffing one of Maggie's g-strings up her pussy. She had retrieved it out of the hamper and made Pete pull it out forcing him to place it over his head as she molested him. Pete had then been caught naked trying to return the g-string to the hamper by Maggie herself. It was an awkward and embarrassing moment. He stared at the note and let out a long sigh before unfolding the small piece of paper. It read:

"Peter, honestly! I mean honestly, Peter! I don't know how long this has been going on or what you do with my panties, but it has to stop. I'm not angry and I promise not to tell anyone about last night. You know that I know that you and Katrina haven't yet consummated your relationship. I can only imagine how being an eighteen year old virgin boy can be, well, frustrating. If you have a panty fetish maybe that's something you and Katrina should discuss together. If you want to discuss it with me that's fine too. Maybe we can all go shopping for panties together - ha ha. See, I told you I wasn't angry. If you're embarrassed, (em-bare-assed?), about me seeing you naked, don't be. Seems to me like father like son, get it - ha ha. Why don't you make it up to me and move all of the bags of soil from the garage to the greenhouse. I'll be home at around 6:45. Please don't raid my panty drawer unless you really need to - ha ha. Oh yes, before I forget - you're father will be gone for another couple of days on business - c'est la vie I suppose."

Pete crumpled the message in his hand as he hung his head in defeat. He knew he could never truthfully explain why he was holding his step-mother's unmentionables and had to resign to her thinking he had some kind of panty fetish. He grabbed his sneakers and made his way to the garage to start moving bags of dirt to the greenhouse. 

Pete loaded several bags at a time into a wheelbarrow and carted them up the greenhouse. As he unloaded the bags of dirt he could not help but mull over what had happened late last night. He saw himself at a distance in his mind's eye, on his side with Samantha lording over him. Though his eyes were shut with Maggie's g-string wrapped around his head he could distinstinctly see a look of shame on his face. When he remembered Katrina's portrait staring at him throughout the ordeal and the way Rebecca looked earlier that day his shame magnified, emasculating and belittling his self esteem in the process. Pete unloaded the last bag of dirt feeling foolish and angry with himself. Samantha, he thought, had certainly accomplished what she had set out to do. 

The chore Maggie had given him took longer than he thought and was feeling very thirsty when he had finished. He made his way back to the house for refreshment completely forgetting about the girls inside and, of course, bumped into Samantha on her way out the front door. Not one to be shy, Samantha broke the ice first.

"How're you feeling today, Pete?" Samantha asked with a subtle, wry grin and knowing look on her face. 

"A little worse for the wear," Pete replied staring at the ground, shuffling his feet, unable to face her directly. "Where's Rebecca?" he asked wanting to end the conversation as quickly as possible.

"Packing our stuff into the car. Oh, here she is now," Samantha answered.

An immediate silence fell between Rebecca and Pete, each ill at ease in the other's presence. Samantha took that as her queue to leave them alone. With trouble looking each other in the eye, Pete decided he should be the one to speak first.

"Listen, Rebecca, I'm so sorry about yesterday. I don't know what I was thinking. I really feel ashamed of myself. I understand if you don't forgive me, but if there's anything I can do to make it up to you let me know," Pete said earnestly.

"Just don't tell my mother," was all Rebecca answered. Pete knew by her tone and eyes that she was dead serious and made her a solemn promise not to tell a soul. Rebecca accepted his promise not with words, but with a hug. The simple act of hugging her step-brother spoke volumes to each of them. Up until that point Pete and Rebecca harboured a deep unspoken dislike for one another. Pete's sincerity and Rebecca's affection showed sides of themselves neither had ever seen in the other before. Neither Rebecca nor Pete could deny a milestone in their relationship had been passed. Upon releasing Pete she whispered a "thank you" and smiled. As Rebecca made her way to her car she turned on her heels still smiling and grabbed Pete's package through his track pants. 

"I was fuckin' serious when I said I'd rip your dick off and shove it down your throat," Rebecca reminded him. Her mannerism was not menacing, but playful, though given her reputation it was unwise to scoff at her. A startled Pete reassured her and she gave him a kiss on the lips that lingered a little longer than either one expected. The last Pete saw of Samantha and Rebecca as they pulled away was Samantha giving him a wink and blowing him a kiss.

Once inside the house Pete paused and reflected on the kiss Rebecca had given him. "What the hell was that?" he asked himself aloud. Pete now actually felt sad the duo had left, but also relieved. Rebecca's forgiveness had revitalized his spirits to a surprising degree when he suddenly realized he was all alone in the house. "Now that I have the place to myself I can get some homework done. I can blast my music as loud as I want to. I can skim the liquor cabinet. I can walk around nude!" he thought to himself. He carried out the last three.

After getting in his kicks thoroughly enjoying all three activities he decided to phone his girlfriend, Katrina.

"Hey baby, I got's me here a shower with our names all over it if you know what I mean, he he he," Pete said as soon as he heard Katrina answer on the other end.

"I'm doing my algebra assignment right now, Sugar, and, and are you drunk?" Katrina enquired with a tone of concern.

"No, of course not," Pete replied defensively. "I'm standing here on this gorgeous day with a barbecue, a private beach, and a pool table in the basement all by myself. I should be standing here with the prettiest girl in the world, but Jenny said she couldn't make it so why don't you come over?" he continued, chuckling, a bottle of scotch in his hand.

Katrina gasped in mock shock at the mention of Jenny, the town slut. "I'll tell you what, Sugar, I'll be over as soon as I finish my algebra homework and please don't drink anymore, o.k., love you," Katrina answered.

"Algebra shmalgebra, x plus y equals me and you, baby. I'll be barbequing us some lunch when you get here. Love you too...Jenny, I mean Katrina," Pete joked as he put down the receiver taking one last swig of his father's imported scotch. 

Katrina arrived at Pete's around noon on her bicycle. The scene she lay witness to as she approached the house took the wind out of her sails. Pete stood by the barbeque on the front porch completely naked except for a pair of sandals and an apron that read, "kiss the cook". 

"Have you gone mad? Just how drunk are you?" Katrina asked in disbelief at Pete's new found cavalier sense of dress.

"Relax, no one's gonna see me except you. I thought I'd surprise you and by the look on your face I'd say mission accomplished. Why don't you join me and get down to your bare essentials?" Pete asked.

"Pete, I'm not getting naked and I want you to put on at least a pair of shorts. You're weirding me out, Sugar," Katrina said with a tone of unease.

"Alright, alright, I'll go put on some shorts. I guess we won't have naked fun together. Take over the barbee for me while I go change into something 'less' comfortable," Pete responded dejectedly.

Katrina took over the barbecue secretly laughing at the situation. She stopped laughing when she saw Pete's reddened butt cheek. When he returned wearing a pair of cargo shorts she asked him what happened to his ass. Pete panicked for a split second, but recovered quickly constructing a story of how he thought it must be the result of him falling off his bicycle on the way back home from her place the other night. Katrina asked him if he put medication on it. He lied and said yes and that it wasn't bothering him in the least - an even bigger lie. After they ate Pete asked her if she brought her bathing suite. He wanted them to take up some sun on the small stretch of beach that made up part of the property.

"Of course, you can always ditch the bathing suite and go au naturel," Pete said.

"We'll see," was all Katrina answered. She reminded Pete not to forget the sun block and beach towel.

Pete and Katrina made their way down to the beach in their bathing suits and began taking turns applying sun block to one another's body. It didn't take long for the activity to veer towards the sexual. The warmth of the afternoon sun, the sound and smell of the ocean, and a light breeze all converged heightening the sensuality of the corporeal act. Katrina began massaging the lotion onto Pete's back. She soon straddled her lover's waist and kneaded his flesh with tender affection. The drowsy moans he sounded let her know her efforts were not going unappreciated. The sensuality and romance of massaging Pete on the beach provoked Katrina's mood. After his back and arms were coated with sun block Katrina turned her attention to his legs. Kneeling in between his legs she made her way up to the hem of his swim trunks where she formulated an idea.

"Why don't you take your swim trunks off so I can see the bump you took when you fell off your bike? I'll add some sun block to your cutey patooty while I'm at it if that's o.k.?" Katrina asked. Pete simply smiled and stood to remove his trunks. Katrina, still kneeling, ran her fingers along his leg and bit her bottom lip when he uncovered his penis. Once Pete resumed his position on his stomach Katrina squirted lotion on both his cheeks and began a grabbing, kneading motion. She had to admit, Pete's patooty certainly was a cutey. Faint blond hair sparsely covered each bun, a small patch of which collected at the base of his back. Luckily for Pete, Samantha administered more than one hard slap to his ass the night before. The result didn't look like a definite hand print, but a rather shapeless red tattoo easily passed off as a fall to the kiester. After a prolonged enjoyment of Pete's butt Katrina asked him to turn over.

Before adding any lotion, Katrina crawled up to Pete and gave him a long wet kiss. She then threw her long dark hair over her head in order to run it down along Pete's chest and abdomen. Slowly and methodically Katrina rubbed lotion all over her lover's body while avoiding his hard-on. Pete just lay there with arms by his side and legs splayed savouring the experience. When it was finally time to coat Pete's pecker with sun block, Katrina coated her hands with the lotion, placed both hands on the throbbing muscle, and began a slow up-and-down, squeeze and release motion. When she wasn't overlapping one hand with the other as they travelled up and down the length of his shaft, she was gently caressing Pete's balls with her lotion covered hands. After a short while Pete warned her to stop or else he would cum. He offered to do her next, but not before she continued massaging his cock for another couple of minutes.

When it was her turn, Pete told Katrina she looked sexy in her two-piece swimsuit, but if she wanted the same treatment it would have to go. Katrina hesitated and looked around the expanse of the beach even though she knew they were completely alone. Caught up in the moment, Katrina shed her swim suite, but stood covering her breasts and crotch with her hands, blushing heavily. Pete gave her a friendly laugh and told her to lie down on her stomach. Pete indulged himself much in the same way Katrina did. Katrina moaned drowsily just as Pete had. He took equal pleasure when he reached her buttocks. He gave her right buttock a playful slap and examined the small birthmark on her right butt cheek.

"The birthmark on your ass looks like a silhouette of that rabbit from the ceral commercials. You know which one I mean. The one who never gets to eat his own cereal and is told how silly he is everytime he fails," Pete said.

"It does not!" Katrina shot out in protest looking over her shoulder with a frown trying to look at Pete and her butt cheek.

"O.K., whatever you say miss Moretti, but remember silly rabbit, Katrinas are for Petes!" Pete joked knowing it would provoke a reaction from his girlfriend.

"You're incorrigible," Katrina scolded poutily while turning over onto her back. "Now make it up to me," she added with a grin holding out the bottle of sun block. Pete grabbed the bottle and paused to read the instructions on the back.

"Uh oh, Katrina! Looks like you skipped a step with this sun block. It says here before applying lotion to skin the body must be coated with a primer of kisses," Pete said feigning consternation. Katrina giggled as he set the bottle aside and began kissing her feet. Pete found Katrina irresistible. Her normally dark complexion had bronzed over the summer and the tan lines that formed made her breasts and pubic region jump out sharply in contrast. As Pete made his way up her long slender legs he skipped her womanhood and indulged in kissing her taut belly. He dragged his tongue from just above her soft curls to over her navel. Katrina moaned in delight and whimpered when he made his way to her small, pert, upturned breasts. 

While suckling his lover's hardened, puffy nipples, Pete slid his hand down onto Katrina's soft folds. Katrina involuntarily heaved her chest forward and widened her thighs while gasping in reaction. Pete had his index and middle finger running along the length of Katrina's slit, hooking them inside her as he slid them down and pinching her clit in between the two digits on his way back up. In the throws of passion Katrina grabbed onto Pete's shoulder, dug her nails into his flesh, and gently bit his upper arm. As the ocean waves crested and crashed on the beach so too did the erotic warmth now flowing over Katrina. She forcefully gripped Pete's probing hand as she writhed and bucked her hips. Pete hummed along side Katrina's whimpering and moaning as he felt her hot juices swell forth from her trembling sex. Her entire body buckled and arched upwards under the force of a powerful orgasm. "Oh my God! Petey, Oh...Oh...Oh!" Katrina yelled in ecstasy. She collapsed back down onto the towel, a warm smile and heavy eyelids signalling her satisfaction.

Pete reached for the bottle of sun block and proceeded to cover her body as promised. When he had finished he asked Katrina if she knew what the number 69 signified. Katrina responded that she wasn't that innocent and that, yes, she knew what it meant. She told him if he wanted to try it out she'd oblige him. 

"Do you have one of those flavoured condoms on hand?" Pete asked guessing that the only reason she would consent to give him a blow job was if she didn't have to take his load in her mouth.

"No, but I still want to try it so long as you let me know before you cum so I can aim it away from me," Katrina answered.

Pete lay on his back waiting in anticipation to taste the sweet nectar of his girlfriend's honey pot. Cunnilingus was a new passion he had discovered when he first tried it with her in her shower the night before. An anxious Katrina climbed over him and grabbed his throbbing cock in her hand. Their lotion covered bodies glistened in the noonday sun. Katrina still felt unsure over how to go about pleasing her partner orally, but had secretly downloaded "better sex" manuals off the internet the other night after Pete had left her house and her mother had gone to bed. It was time to put theory into practice. She grabbed a corner of the beach towel they lay on to wipe the lotion off Pete's dick. Simultaneously, each one's tongues took tentative stabs at their respective tasks. 

Katrina's tongue flicked and swirled around the head of Pete's thick glans. She opened wide to take what length of his shaft she could. Everytime she pulled her head back her cheeks hollowed in reaction to the literal sucking she was administering. "Wow, that feels great, baby, don't stop now," moaned Pete in eager appreciation. Encouraged, Katrina persisted with a sense of determination. She ran her tongue up and down his shaft making a point to pull back every now and then to attack his balls while jerking him off. Her research was paying dividends. Pete couldn't help but lift his hips trying to thrust up into her hungry mouth. Much to her surprise, Katrina was actually enjoying sucking her partner off. There was something about the intimacy of having Pete's hard phallus in her hands and mouth that scratched an itch she never realized existed before. The brevity and clumsiness of her initial experience in the shower the other night did not prepare her for the rewards yeilded by a focused deliberation.

Meanwhile, Pete was too energized to cum prematurely as he did in the shower with Katrina or as he nearly did when Samantha had deep throated him the other night. His mind lie entirely in drinking up the musky sex of his lover. As he traced each fold with the tip of his tongue he grabbed her hips and pulled her closer. It didn't take long before he pried her petals open with his fingers, propelling his tongue inside her neon pink pussy. With his tongue penetrating her, he began sealing his lips around her quivering mound and sucking as he would a slice of lemon after taking a shot of tequila. His tongue would exit Katrina's tunnel every so often and flick her distended clitoris. It didn't take long before Pete became lost in his own lust. For Pete, his entire being was floating in a velvety pink paradise. Alongside his growling moans he impulsively and vigorously shook his head trying to burrow deeper inside Katrina's juicy cunt. He didn't even realize he had begun involuntarily circling Katrina's asshole with his thumb while pawing her ass cheek in his hand. Katrina noticed it right away. Contrary to how she felt about anal sex she did not stop him, the sensation only drove her surging path towards climax on a rip roaringly wilder course. 
