 "Strip," he said, as his hands slid down her sides then off her body altogether. He stepped back and down into his chair, reaching for the glass of whiskey she had placed on the table next to it moments ago.

"What?" she asked. Her fingers curled against her palms and stared at him, almost in disbelief of what she knew he just said.

"I said 'strip'. You know: undress? unclothe yourself? But do it slowly. Sexily. Seduce me, baby." He smirked slightly just before he took a sip of the cool liquid. 

Her eyes narrowed a bit but continued to stare at him. She should have known this is what he'd asked for, after she told him she'd do anything he wanted if only he'd go with her to that wretched dinner with her colleagues. He told her he'd ask for something she wasn't comfortable with but that he knew she'd do for him anyway. She took a deep breath and unclenched her fists, willing herself to smile her assent to him. "Fine," she coolly replied, and turned on her heel, walking to the stereo across the room.

He watched her flip through their collection of music, his brow furrowing a bit. "Babe," he said, "I didn't mean do a raunchy sex club kind of stripping to some horrible song. Just come back here, you're making..."

"Quiet, darling. Why would you think that I'd pick a horrible song? Or do a raunchy dance for you? Do you really think that I'm that kind of woman?" For a moment, his fingers tightened around his glass as he tried to gauge the tone in her voice. Was she upset? He didn't want to embarrass or humiliate her. He glanced up, searching for her face in the darkened room. He breathed a sigh of relief, once he saw the amused look on her face. 

Finding the CD she wanted, she slid it into the stereo. She pressed her finger against the button and the music started up. A 2-song medley on a CD he had made for her for her birthday: Isaac Hayes singing "I just want to make love to you" and "Rock me, baby". He grinned as the music filled the room, then smiled more broadly as she started her slow, deliberate walk back towards him.

Her hand slid into the back of her hair, releasing her long dark tresses. A gentle shake of her head sent them tumbling down her shoulders, across her back, framing her pretty face. He shifted a little in his chair and took a large gulp of the drink, wincing slightly as the liquid burned a path down his throat. Her heels clicked softly against the floor and he watched her place one foot in front of the other, an invisible path guiding her back to him. Her black dress clung to her curvy body and from where he sat, it looked almost painted on, accentuating her hips and breasts. She always felt a little self-conscious in this dress, a strapless one that bared her shoulders and neck, one that inevitably led the eye to her cleavage, slightly aided by the black lacy bra she wore beneath it. The material pressed in to show off her waist, then out again to ride along her hips. She fretted over how it seemed to almost seal to her round ass, worrying that it looked too big. He assured her it didn't, but it certainly teased him through the night, making him want to press his hands over her cheeks and squeeze them, just to hear her squeal.

She paused in front of him, a few feet away from him, her hips swaying back and forth. Her hands crept up to her face, caressing it lightly, fingertips brushing over her full pink lips as they started to make their way down. Her head tilted back, showing him the creamy flesh of her neck, mimicking how his hands had pressed over her flesh many times. He smiled, watching her eyes close, knowing she had to concentrate to do this for him. He could only imagine what she was picturing in her mind.

He knew her well. She was imagining his hands on her body, the gentle way he pressed them over her face, her neck, her shoulders to push aside her hair so that his lips could kiss them. She could feel her nipples tightening and hardening within the confines of her bra as she sunk deeper into the act playing out in her head. She let out a soft moan, her hands gliding down the front of her dress, teasing her nipples through the material, her pale skin peppering with tiny bumps. His eyes widened slightly and he shifted in the chair. She'd barely even begun and already, his cock had stiffened. His thighs spread apart, trying to ease the pressure in his suit pants. If her eyes were open, she'd easily see it and would probably make a teasing remark about how quickly she turned him on.

But her eyes remained closed. Her body swayed back and forth, her stance widened a bit more as her hands pressed down over her hips, then back across her cheeks. Slowly, she began to turn, right on cue with the music: "Well I can see by the way that you switch and walk..." She walked a few paces forward, then backwards to him again, her hands slipping up behind her to ease down the zipper hidden in the dark material. His fingers rubbed against the condensation on his glass, watching, almost while holding his breath, her flesh becoming exposed little by little. Her head turned a bit, her profile in view, letting him see her face as she started to guide the dress down her slowly rocking body. Her hands flattened out, gliding along her smooth skin to ease the dress off. They pressed down over her hips and the dress fell to the floor, revealing her hip-hugging black panties and the garters holding up her sheer stockings. 

"Fuck," he thought, shifting again in the chair, suddenly very aware of his arousal. He let out a soft groan, watching as she began to bend forward, her swaying ass tilting up. She heard him and she smiled slightly, reaching down to free her heeled foot from the material. Her stance widened again; one hand gripped onto the dress, the other slid carefully up along one of her stocking-clad legs, gliding up the silk along her calf, the inside of her knee, up against her inner thigh then...oh god. He watched her fingers slid over the center of her panties, the tips of her fingers wiggling at him and against her pussy just beneath them. He grunted softly, shifting restlessly in his chair as she tossed the dress aside and stood up. 

As the song transitioned into "Rock Me, Baby" she turned and faced him. Her hands slid down and pushed his knees wider apart so that she could get as close to him as the chair allowed. Her body was in constant motion: swaying, her hips swishing back and forth, her hands roaming the length of her body. They disappeared behind her and unhooked her bra; somehow they caught the material before it fell off her body. Her palms pressed over the cups of her bra, squeezing her tits as she leaned forward slightly, taunting him with the near exposure of them. The pressure on her nipples increased and her moan rose above the volume of the music. He resisted yanking the bra from her fingers but he thought he'd never in his life been so eager to see her breasts, those thick red nipples in contrast to the pale creaminess. She leaned in closer and just in front of him, she dropped the bra in his lap. He snarled slightly, the tip of his tongue flicking at his lip, wanting to drag it over her taut nipples. She smiled gently at him and rose up, slowly dancing back a few steps, her tits bouncing lightly, taunting him.

For what seemed to be the longest minute of his life, she proceeded to grope her own tits, tugging and pinches her nipples, caressing the hefty curves, arching her body and biting her lip the entire time. He was starting to feel almost frantic. His cock was so hard by now that it physically ached. He gripped it tightly through his pants, not even caring that she saw and was watching him intently do it. It took every ounce of effort for him not to jump out of his chair, crush her back up against the wall and devour those nipples, to yank down those panties and drive his cock right into her. But he knew he had to stay right where he was.

Finally, she drew closer, her fingers sinking into her panties as she slid forward. They teased him, sinking down the front to obviously drag over her own sex. She was so turned on, not necessarily by her performance, but by his reactions to it. She'd never quite seen that look in his eye and with the way his hand was stroking his cock so blatantly, she doubted that he'd ever been so aroused, at least by her. Her thumb hooked into the side of her panties and slowly started to drag them down her body, her other hand staying firmly between her thighs. By the time they were pulled down to her mid-thigh, her fingers had sunk fully into her achingly wet pussy, just inches in front of him.

That's it, he thought. His hands reached forward and grasped onto her panties, nearly yanking them the rest of the way down. Her foot slid out of one side of them and she stood in just her garter and stockings, her fingers slowly fucking in and out. She fell forward a bit, her free hand gripping onto his shoulder to steady herself. He gripped her hips and pulled her down into his lap, surprised to feel her trembling. 

"Baby, please," she whispered softly. His hand tugged at her wrist, pulling her fingers from her pussy and pushing them against pants. Quickly, she undid them, moaning out loudly as his mouth pushed to one of her breasts and eagerly sucked her nipple deep into his mouth. A firm bite to her nipple made her hand grip hard around his cock and tug it free of his clothes. His hands slid around to her cheeks and pulled her up a bit, giving her a moment to position his cock just beneath her. Her nipple slipped from his mouth, getting stretched and tugged hard before it popped from his teeth and she growled lowly at him, brushing the head of his cock through the hot slick lips of her pussy.

Just that brief contact made them both even more crazed. He squeezed tight to her cheeks and pulled her down hard, his hips thrusting upwards to bury inside her. One hand pushed up her back, and sunk into the back of her hair, tugging at it, forcing her to arch and take him deeper. Her hands planted on his shoulders and she pushed herself up and down, fucking him as he took her. His face was buried in her bouncing tits and his mouth moved back and forth between them, biting and licking at her nipples, kissing at her flesh, each touch seeming to make her cunt twitch and grip harder at his shaft. 

He could feel her angling her hips to force her clit to rub hard up against him, already trying to orgasm. They'd only been fucking for a few minutes and were both so close already. He grunted loudly, his hips slamming up faster and harder, his hand pushing tightly against her ass to pull her harder against him, forcing her swollen clit to drag and grind into him. His grip tightened in her hair and she bounced harder, wincing as his thrusts increased in force. 

She cried out as his hand grabbed hard into her ass. He tilted her head forward and their mouths met, their bodies grinding together, shuddering against each other in near-simultaneous orgasm. He could barely even think at that moment, but he doubted he'd ever felt her pussy grip so tight to his cock like it was right now, the incredibly strong grip milking his cock of every drop of cum he could produce. She moaned and whimpered against his mouth, her pussy stuffed full of him, almost like she'd never felt him before. They kept moving together, neither of them willing or wanting to stop.

When they finally did, their mouths parted with a gasp from them both. She collapsed against him, her face burying in his neck, kissing and nuzzling into him. He held her up against him, still fully buried inside her, caressing her skin gently. Her mouth slid up to his ear and tugged lightly on his earlobe with her teeth and whispered, "So I have this dinner with my boss that I have to go to..."