 Molly had proved to be just the cure I needed for my depressed state following the shooting in the neighborhood. The next morning after our first solo night together, I rolled over and bumped into her naked body in my same bed. I slowly recalled the marathon of sex the night before and then I realized that I had a raging piss hard-on. A soft hand embraced my stiff member and held it gently and I realized that Molly had crawled in my bed with me. 

"Good morning sleepy head. Did I wear you out last night?" she whispered in my ear as she fondled my rigid tool.

I was still groggy as I had slept soundly and had some wild dreams. I yawned, stretched and made an attempt to get out of bed. "I have to pee," I told her.

"Not until I get to ride you. I'm going to take advantage of your condition this morning. Do you have any condoms?" she asked.

Her question really caught me by surprise as other than anal sex, Molly and I have never fucked before. I never used a condom when she let me in her ass because she wanted to feel me shooting in her. 

"There are some in the night stand," I told her.

Molly opened the drawer and took out the condoms. She popped one open and quickly covered my dick with it. "That's pretty good for someone who doesn't fuck guys," I kidded her.

"I've put them on dildos before smart ass," she snapped back as she positioned herself to straddle my morning erection.

"Don't pee in the condom," she teased as she rode my shaft like a woman possessed.

"Don't worry, that is not a possibility," I answered remembering how difficult it was to pee with an erection. I couldn't even imagine what that would be like.

A few times in the morning I had to pee so bad that I tried but it wasn't until my penis softened to a semi-erect state that I could urinate. Even then it was difficult to control and I ended up missing the toilet with the first stream. I knew that my cock would stay hard as long as Molly rode me and that I would not accidentally pee in the condom. She rode me hard and at times I thought that my bladder would burst but it held out. Finally after a number of mild orgasms she climaxed and collapsed on top of me. I wrapped my arms around her body and held her tight as she bucked and screamed. After a few minutes she rolled off of me and flopped over on her back. 

"That was marvelous. I may do that again sometime," she sighed.

I rolled out of bed and made my way to the bathroom with my erect cock pointing the way. I stood over the toilet, pulled off the condom and tried to aim so that when I finally urinated that I would not miss the toilet. It took several painful minutes for my erection to soften enough so that I could pee and then finally success. It seemed like I peed for at least two minutes and the pressure was extreme. Then I washed my hands and my penis before returning to the bedroom. Molly was waiting for me as she knew that I wanted to cum before she left for home.

Molly was ready to give her ass up to me again and this time I would be allowed to cum in her. She was all ready on all fours and she had greased her anus in preparation. As I fucked Molly's ass I thought that it was a big step for Molly to take in a condom covered cock in her pussy. I didn't last very long in her ass and I was soon shooting my load deep in her passage.

"God I love the feel of that," she cried out. 

We separated and I decided to put the coffee on before I showered. "Can I use your pool for a quick swim and then hit the Jacuzzi?" she asked.

"Of course you can, you really don't have to ask," I replied.

Molly hopped out of bed and walked naked out onto the pool deck. I watched her curvy ass and shapely legs as she strode out of the house. I went into the kitchen and made a pot of coffee. I thought about Molly and how far she had come since meeting me. I never expected that she would ever take my cock in her pussy but she apparently trusted me enough to seek out her pleasure. It was clear that she still preferred women but I like our relationship.

I waited until the coffee was done and then I took two cups out to the pool deck. Molly was already in the Jacuzzi so I joined her. I handed her a cup of coffee and then eased my naked body in the exhilarating hot bubbly water. If this wasn't heaven it had to be close I thought. Molly smiled at me and lifted her coffee cup in a morning toast. I returned the gesture and then we both silently enjoyed the jets circulating water around our naked bodies.

Molly moved over closer to me so that our bodies just touched. "I have to tell you something. You are the only guy to ever be in my pussy," Molly said in a soft tone.

"I feel very privileged," I replied.

"I like you Walt and I trust you. You accept me for who I am and what I am," Molly added.

"I like you too Molly and I hope that we can always be friends and at times lovers," I told her.

Molly smiled at me and then leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. "I'm going to get started early today. I want to get home and get some things done this weekend. I hope that you're okay with that."

"No problem, I'll get breakfast ready while you shower and pack," I offered.

"I'll be back next week with Fay. She's going to move some stuff into your house and I'm going to help her," Molly alerted me.

"Can I look forward to you two staying overnight?" I teased.

"Only if you are a good boy this week," she teased back.

Molly and I got out of the Jacuzzi and she went inside as I put the cover back on. I put on a pair of short and a tee and then I made breakfast as Molly got ready. After breakfast, Molly left for home and I took the morning paper out to the pool deck with the thermal pot filled with coffee. I enjoyed the quiet as I read the paper and drank several cups of coffee. Then I kicked back and actually dozed off in the lounge.

SATURDAY AFTERNOON COMPANY

I was awakened by the phone ringing and I just got to it before it stopped. "Hi Walt, its Sylvia, I have a favor to ask. I have a friend over visiting today and I wondered if we could come over and use the pool."

"Sure, I have no plans today so you and your friend are welcome to hang out here," I replied.

"Oh thank you! We'll be right over," Sylvia said excitedly.

I don't know why but I thought that Sylvia had a boyfriend visiting her but was I ever surprised to see a beautiful brunette when they arrived. Both girls were wearing bikinis with sarongs wrapped around their waists when they arrived. Sylvia greeted me with a kiss on the cheek and then she introduced me to her girlfriend.

"Walt this is Jacqueline. Everyone calls her Jackie," Sylvia introduced us.

"Pleased to meet you Jackie," I said extending my hand.

Jackie took my hand in her soft grip and replied, "Thank you so much for inviting me to your home."

She held my hand longer than I expected and I replied, "You are very welcome here. Girls just make your selves at home. Sylvia knows where everything is so help your selves."

Sylvia and Jackie went out to the pool deck and get set up in the lounge chairs. I watched as they took off their sarongs and spread the towels out on the lounges. The two girls were built similar with nearly matching figures but they were a stark contrast of blonde and brunette. I felt my cock stir in my shorts as I watched the two beauties apply suntan lotion to the front of their bodies. Then they lay on their backs and soaked up the sun. Both girls were already very tan and they looked like young goddesses lying there.

I was glad that Molly and I had had sex that morning as it helped cool my jets at least for awhile. After cleaning up the kitchen and straightening up the bedrooms, I changed into my swim suit and joined the two girls on the pool deck. They were still lying on their backs and their bodies, covered with lotion and perspiration, glistened in the sun. I stood at the foot to the lounges and looked at their lithe bodies as I offered them drinks. They were an incredibly erotic sight. 

"Can I get you girls anything to drink? I can whip up some summer drinks if you like," I offered.

"Maybe later but we're okay for now," Sylvia replied.

I applied some lotion to my face, chest and legs and sat across from the girls. I was sipping my ice water as I subconsciously stared at the two near naked bodies across from me. Jackie lifted her head and covered her eyes as she looked at me and smiled. Then she lowered her head and I realized that I had been caught staring. Minutes later the two girls decided to take a dip in the pool. 

Before I joined them swimming, I watched as they walked to the edge and dove gracefully into the pool. Their slender shapely bodies hardly made a splash as they knifed through the water. They swam effortlessly from one end to the other as they completed several laps. I stared at their lovely legs and round asses as they glided through the water. My cock stiffened in my swim suit as I watched them. Then Jackie stopped at one end and put her arms on the side of the pool and lifted her head out.

"Are you coming in?" she quizzed me.

"Absolutely," I replied as I stood up.

My dick was hard and it tented in my swim suit. I knew that it was visible and I wanted it to be. Jackie smiled as she looked right at my crotch and then she slid back into the water and swam to the swallow end where Sylvia was standing. I dove in and swam under water all the way to where the girls where standing in the swallow end. I looked at their beautiful legs and bikini covered pussies as I neared them and then I surfaced.

"The water is great. It's a perfect," Sylvia said.

"Yeah it feels good doesn't it?" I returned.

"This is a nice setup you have here, so private. Sylvia told me that she has sunbathed in the nude," Jackie said in a sexy manner.

"Jackie!" Sylvia snapped as she blushed, "That was between you and me."

"Maybe she has when she was here alone," I replied trying to cover up for Sylvia.

"I'm getting out," Sylvia said and then she swam to the other end.

Jackie looked at me with her dark brown bedroom eyes and said softly, "She also told me that you have a nice cock. It looked big too in your swim suit." She reached under the water and ran her hand over my crotch. "It seems that you have cooled off some," she teased and then she swam to the other end and got out of the pool.

I also got out of the pool and offered the drinks again. This time they took me up on my offer and Sylvia asked if I would make some vodka slushes. I went in the house to make the drinks and when I returned both girls were sitting up in the lounge chairs. We sipped our drinks and chatted some more. I learned that Jackie went to the same college as Sylvia. Jackie was French descent which explained the name Jacqueline and her Mediterranean looks. Sylvia told me that her parents were in the city for the weekend and that Jackie was staying over that night. I started to think, actually hope, about the possibilities.

We finished our drinks and the girls passed on a second round but I had another. When I returned with my drink Sylvia was lying face down as Jackie put lotion on Sylvia's back. Sylvia's bikini top was untied and she was lying on it. Her cute bubble butt stuck up form her body in the skimpy bikini bottom. Jackie's hands glided over Sylvia's body as she covered the shoulders, upper and lower back with lotion. I was surprised when Jackie applied the lotion to Sylvia's legs and I couldn't help but wonder if these girls had a special relationship. I felt my cock stiffen as I watched Jackie apply the lotion to Sylvia's shapely legs and even let her hands slip under the bikini bottom.

Once Sylvia was covered with lotion, Jackie looked at me and smiled. "Would you do me please," she requested.

I was stunned but excited by the request. "I would be happy to do you," I answered.

Jackie lay face down on the lounge but as she did she took of her bikini bra. I saw a flash of her nice tits just before she lay face down on the towel. Her tits were a little bigger and rounder than Sylvia's and I guessed Jackie to be a 34B. I poured the warm lotion on her skin and worked it into her shoulders, upper and lower back. Jackie turned her head to one side and rested it on her arms. I put lotion on the side of her body exposed to the sun and purposely came close the sides of her breasts.

"Do you want me to do your legs too?" I asked hopefully.

"Yes, please," she whispered.

I began rubbing the lotion into her legs starting with her feet and working my way up to her luscious thighs. I loved the feel of her smooth skin and my cock was now straining in my bathing suit. I got very daring and let my hands slide under her bikini bottom and over her firm buttocks. Jackie moved her legs apart slightly and I massaged her inner thighs with lotion. I allowed her hand to brush up against her bikini covered vulva. Then I had to stop before I either did something very foolish or came in my bathing suit.

I put the lotion aside and then jumped back in the pool to cool off. When I came back out Jackie looked at me, smiled and asked, "Feel better?"

"Yes, much," I answered and then I took a slug of my drink.

I sat back down and once again looked at the two beauties lying face down on the lounges. They were both naked except for their bikini bottoms. The bottoms were skimpy and revealed parts of their curvy buttocks. I wondered if anything was going to happen that day but I knew that the girls would have to initiate it. Just then Jackie rolled over and sat up without even looking for her bra top. I looked at her marvelous tits and they were nearly as tan as the rest of her body. She reached for her plastic cup and held it toward me.

"Could I have another drink, please?"

"Certainly," I replied as I stood up and my state of desire was obvious.

Jackie stared right at my crotch as I retrieved the glass from her. I got her another drink and then sat down across from her. She was very casual about being topless as she sat across from me. Then Jackie asked, "Do you mind if I sunbathe naked?"

"No if that's what you want to do, it's okay with me," I answered.

Sylvia then turned over but she held to her bra top as she sat up. "Jackie, you are shameless."

"What, he's already seen you naked so why shouldn't we sunbathe nude," Jackie replied.

Sylvia looked at me and I saw the question in her eyes. "It's alright Sylvia whatever you girls want to do," I said.

Jackie removed her bikini bottom and I looked right at her good looking pussy. Then I heard Sylvia say, "Oh what the hell!" as she tossed her top to the side and slipped off her bottoms. 

Jackie looked at me and directed, "Your turn."

I did not hesitate. I stood up and pulled down my swim suit. As the suit cleared my crotch my erect cock sprung out and bobbed in front of me. "Wow!" Jackie exclaimed.

"Sylvia you weren't exaggerating," Jackie said as she stared at my erection.

I sat back down in my chair and as I did Jackie approached me. "We better put some lotion on that so it doesn't get burned," she said sexily.

Jackie took the lotion and put some in her hands and then she stroked my cock. She didn't want me to cum but she wanted to play with my cock. After several strokes she returned to her chair. 

"Can we go inside?" Sylvia asked.

"I think that we should," I agreed.

I followed the two beauties into my house and Sylvia led the way to the guest bedroom. I was going to have another afternoon that I was sure that wouldn't forget. The girls had me lay on my back and they got on either side of me. They ran their lips up and down the sides of my cock as if they were trying to kiss each other. Next they began alternating sucking my dick, Sylvia would take it in her mouth and then Jackie would. I knew that I wasn't going to last long and I warned the girl that I was about to cum.

They stopped sucking my cock and they both had a hand on it as they stroked me. I shot gobs of semen into the air and the first two blasts must have traveled two feet into the air before landing on my chest. Several more streams jetted out and landed on my chest and pubes. They girls kept stroking me until every drop had been squeezed from my cock.

"Look at it all," Jackie cried out when I ejaculated.

Sylvia was of course familiar with some of my volcanic like ejaculations so she was not surprised. "God I am so hot now," Sylvia said.

"Let's pleasure each other while he recuperates," Jackie said.

Sylvia was a little apprehensive about making it with Jackie in front of me as I had not seen that side of her. However, Jackie was forceful and she convinced Sylvia and they moved into a 69 position on their sides. I watched as the brunette ate the blonde pussy and the blonde ate the brunette pussy. The two girls looked beautiful together as they made love, something that had obviously done with each other before.

They were both turned on from the events of the day leading up to the sex and it didn't take them long to orgasm. Both girls cried out when their orgasms peaked and they grasped each other's buttocks firmly and kept their mouths glued to one another. I loved watching them make each other cum just as I had with Molly and Fay. The two girls rolled apart and lay on their backs. I was quick to move since I had gotten hard watching them.

I moved between Jackie's and she smiled at me as she held her arms open to receive me. I eased my cock into her pussy and she moaned as it hit home. Jackie wrapped her arms and legs around my torso and welcomed me into her womb.

"Take your time and fuck me slow," she whispered.

I moved slowly and steadily as she asked and I made sure to keep my cock in contact with her clit the entire time. When I pulled back I left only the head of my cock in her pussy and I when I pressed forward, I sank the entire length of it into her womb. Sylvia had turned around and was watching us and I wondered if she had ever been in a threesome with Jackie or was this the first time she watched Jackie fuck someone. Sylvia then got into the scene and she cuddled up next to Jackie.

Sylvia kissed Jackie and caressed Jackie's tits as she watched my cock slide in and out of her college friend's cunt. Sylvia stroked Jackie's long brown hair and planted kisses on Jackie's face. Jackie was moaning and cooing softly as I fucked her and I sensed that she was getting close to another orgasm. I was glad that I had cum earlier so that I could last inside of Jackie and bring her to a mind blowing orgasm.

"Uh, oh, here it comes!" Jackie cried out aloud.

Her body started to move under me as she lost control. I pressed against her and drove my cock deep into her and then rode out her orgasm with her. Jackie had a massive orgasm and her body thrashed about as if she were trying to buck me off of her. I stayed with her and kept my cock buried in her pussy as her pelvis gyrated under me. I too was close to cumming at that point and I started to pull out of Jackie. 

"No stay in me, its okay, I'm safe. Cum in me," she gasped.

I felt my balls tighten right before I ejaculated into she bit my shoulder lightly as we came together. I stopped moving as I shot streams of semen into her and I felt her body relax under me. Then I rolled off her and looked up into Sylvia's eyes.

"Are you two okay?" she asked with a chuckle, "It looked like you were going to hurt each other."

"Sylvia, you have to give up your virginity. You don't know what you are missing," Jackie sighed.

"No you don't Sylvia, it will be even more special on your wedding night," I interjected.

"Bullshit, your missing out on a lot by saving yourself for God knows who," Jackie snapped.

"Well it's her call," I replied intending to change the subject.

The girls and I then hit the Jacuzzi armed with drinks and I sat between the two beauties with our bodies touching. We were all sexually sated so we just enjoyed the warm bubbly water and our drinks. After about 30 minutes in the hot tub we all showered separately and then the girls dressed to go home. Sylvia wanted to be at home in the event that her parents called even though I had invited them to spend the night.
