 I had every intention of making this a short, two-part series. However, due to numerous requests, I have decided to continue it for the time being. 

***********

"You're fucking my mother, aren't you?"

Brittany was storming across my yard in a bee-line directly toward me.

"Excuse me?" I replied, angry not only at the intrusion into my yard, but the volume of her voice.

"You heard me!" she exclaimed, getting louder.

"Young lady, it's rather obvious that either your parents raised you with a complete lack of respect for others," I said, softly, remaining calm, "or you just think that you're too 'special' to care, and if they want to condone that kind of behavior, that's up to them. However, I won't." 

"Don't try and change the subject!" she yelled, stepping closer to me.

"Young lady, you will lower your voice when speaking to me, or I will physically throw you out of my yard on your ass," I replied, stepping into her.

"Go ahead," she hissed. "I'll have you arrested for assault."

I laughed in her face at that. "Really? You charge across MY yard and start screaming at me, and YOU'RE threatening to have ME arrested? Good luck with that."

Brittany stood there glaring at me silently for a second, pondering what I said.

"Now get your ass out of my yard. That is your one and only warning."

"This isn't over!" she screamed, storming out of my yard.

As I looked up, I saw Christi looking out of her window at me, with a concerned look on her face.

About twenty minutes later, as I was finishing up most of my yard work, my cell phone rang.

"Oh my god!" I heard Christi say as I answered it. "I am SO sorry! I tried to warn you, but she was over there before I could call you!"

"Don't worry about that," I told her. "I take it she confronted you before she came here?"

"Yes," she replied. "She claims that she knows about us because I was so happy and 'walking funny' when you walked me home last night."

"I denied it, of course, but she called me a slut, and then stormed over to your yard. I'm so sorry!"

"Not a problem," I told her. "What's she going to do? Tell Joe? He knows about us. Hell, it was his idea in the first place!"

"In fact, he wants me to keep seeing you," I continued. "Without proof, there's nothing she can do."

"I know," she said softly.

"Wait," she said suddenly. "What do you mean, Joe 'WANTS you to keep seeing me'?"

Realizing my mistake, and without going into his tale of his work girlfriend, I went on to tell her about the conversation Joe and I had at the bar. 

"That son of a bitch!" she exclaimed. "I was right! He's probably fucking someone at work!"

I tried to quickly change the subject, not wanting to get dragged in any further.

"Like I said, as long as she can't prove anything, Brittany can't cause any harm," I told her. "And even if she could prove anything, who's she going to go to?"

"I know," she replied, "but she will make my life hell here."

"Knowing her, she's probably going to be spending even less time at home," I told her.

"Yeah, you're probably right," she said.

"I miss you," she told me a couple of seconds later.

"I miss you, too," I said.

"Joe's planning another one of his 'fishing trips' in a couple weeks," she said. "I don't know if I can get my parents to take the kids this time, though." 

"Don't worry about that," I told her. "We'll figure something out."

*********

As expected, two weeks later Joe had packed up his fishing boat and pulled out of the driveway. Five minutes later my phone rang.

"He's gone," Christi told me. "But I've got the little one. My parents couldn't take them. My son will be staying overnight at my sister's, though."

"Not a problem," I told her. "I'll be in back tonight. Just slip through the fence when you get her to bed."

"Will it be safe back there?" she asked.

"As long as you don't get too noisy it will be," I teased her.

"I'll do my best," she replied. I could tell by the tone of her voice that she was smiling, and probably blushing too.

"What about the princess?" I asked, using the nickname I had given Brittany.

"You were right," she answered. "She's never home anymore, especially if Joe's not here."

"Ok, then. See you tonight."

"Ok. Bye," she said softly.

Around 10:30 that night, I was relaxing in my covered hut, well into my third glass of Bourbon and admiring the full moon, when I saw Christi as she reached the gate at the back corner of our yards. 

As she opened it, I noticed that she was barefoot and wearing a dress, with her hair tied back in a ponytail. When she got closer, I could see that it was a strapless summer dress, well above her knees, and she was carrying what looked like a kid's walkie-talkie 

"Hi," she said softly when she reached me. 

After kissing me, she told me that she found the baby monitor that she used to use, and set up the transmitting unit in her daughter's room and brought the receiver with her.

"This way I can hear her if she wakes up," she explained.

"Smart idea," I told her, kissing her again.

"I thought so," she breathed as I slid my hands down her back.

"I really wish that I could light the Tiki torches, so I could see you even better in this dress," I told her. "The full moon is nice, but more light would be even better!"

"I know," she replied in between kisses. "You'll just have to feel your way around, instead."

"Mmmmm. Challenge accepted!" I told her as she climbed onto my lap, straddling me.

Christi giggled as we kissed, and I slid my hand down and cupped her ass.

I started squeezing her asscheeks as we continued kissing for a while, and eventually I started slowly sliding my hands up under her dress.

"I want to make tonight about you," she breathed in my ear a few seconds later. "I owe it to you after Britt's temper tantrum."

"You don't owe me anything," I replied, my fingertips inches away from her pussy. "This should be about both of us, not just me."

"No," she answered. "Just let me take care of you tonight."

"If this is about me, then I want to take care of you," I told her as I nibbled on the trigger spots on her neck.

"You know I love to eat your pussy, and I'm going to do that tonight," I continued.

"Ok, if you insist," she gasped, pulling my head in tighter.

A few minutes later, Christi sat up and looked at me.

"I know I promised you my ass the next time we were together, but I want my first time like that to be special," she told me. "A hotel room, candles, all the good stuff."

"Not a problem," I told her. "I've got a feeling you're going to be kind of loud then anyway, and I wouldn't want the neighbors calling the cops on us tonight."

Christi giggled and kissed me deeply, and I slipped my hand further up under her dress.

I encountered nothing but her bare ass as my hand slid all the way up.

"This dress is the only thing I put on after my shower," she whispered. "I felt so naughty walking around the house like this."

"A good naughty, I hope," I replied.

"Oh yeah," she said. She took my hand and guided it to her pussy. 

"See how wet I am?" she breathed in my ear. "I've been wet all day, just thinking about coming out here tonight, but I've almost been dripping ever since I put on this dress for you."

"Nice!" I replied.

Christi gasped loudly as I slid two fingers up her wet pussy, and she grabbed hard onto my shoulder, and I felt her body shake just a little.

"Oh god," she moaned, laying her head on my shoulder.

A couple of minutes later, she slid down between my legs until she was kneeling in front of me.

"I love your cock," she said softly, as she wrapped her fingers around the bulge in my shorts.

"And it loves you," I replied.

Christi then slid her fingers into the waistband of my shorts and started pulling them down. I lifted my hips, making it easier on her, and soon they were around my ankles, my hard cock standing straight and proud.

"Ohhyeahh," she breathed, wrapping her fingers around my shaft and starting to stroke it. "I love this cock!"

"Oh shit!" I moaned seconds later, as Christi wrapped her lips around the head and slowly started sliding them down my length.

"Oh my god!" I gasped. 

I lay my head back and enjoyed as Christi started sliding her lips up and down my cock. We were soon both moaning in enjoyment, and I could feel the vibrations from hers moans on my pole.

"Oh, damn that's good," I whispered. 

"MmHmm!" she moaned in agreement around my cock, her head bobbing.

I reached down to take a hold of her ponytail, and out of the corner of my eye I noticed some movement by the fence.

Carefully, I looked over, and I saw the outline of a body, also with a ponytail, peeking through the slats at us.

I knew that it had to be Brittany watching us. 

I groaned loudly as Christi continued sucking on my cock, and I lay my head back just far enough that I could still see the fence.

'Why is she just watching us?' I wondered. 'She can't be that upset about her mother being with me if she's just kneeling there.'

'Well, if she wants a show, we'll give her one,' I decided.

"Yeah, baby. Suck my cock," I moaned loudly. "Show me what a good little slut you are."

"Just remember," she said, letting my rod pop from her mouth, "I'm YOUR slut!"

"Yes you are!" I replied, placing my hand on her head and pushing her back down on my shaft.

"MmmHmm!" she moaned as she tried to bury her nose in my pubes.

I continued to sit back and enjoy Christi's enthusiastic skills at the same time that I watched her daughter spy on us.

Soon, I stood and turned, so that we were in profile to Brittany's view point. I reached down and took Christi's head in my hands again and pulled her toward me.

"You like it when I fuck your face, don't you?" I asked her as I slid my wet shaft across her cheeks.

"Yess!" she hissed at me.

"I can't hear you," I teased. "Tell me what you want."

"Fuck my face!" she told me loudly, looking up at me. "Make me your whore!"

Smiling, I grabbed her ponytail and pulled her toward me.

I moaned loudly again as I felt her warm mouth engulf my cock and slide down my length.

I soon felt her hands on the back of my ass, holding me tight and pulling me forward as I thrust my hips at her.

As I continued to face-fuck her, I would occasionally roll my head back and sneak a peek toward the fence out of the corner of my eye. She was still there watching.

Every time I pulled her head toward me, I slid my cock a little deeper in her mouth, until I felt my head at the back of her throat.

"Relax," I told her as I held her there. As if on instinct, she swallowed and took me in all the way.

She then started pushing back against my hand, and I let her pull back.

"Oh my god!" she breathed as she sat back on her heels. "I can't believe I took you all the way in!"

"Yes, you did!" I told her. "Did you like it?"

"Yes! I love feeling you going down my throat!" she replied, wrapping her fingers around my shaft and stroking it.

"Good! Now get up here," I told her as I reached my hand down to her. "It's time for your reward."

"Ooooh!" she cooed, giggling as she took my hand.

Seconds later, I had her sitting back on the seat, the top of her dress pulled down, exposing her full tits and erect nipples, and her skirt pulled up, showing her wet pussy.

Starting at her right ankle, I slowly began kissing my way up her leg, flicking my tongue at the back of her knee, until I was just below her moist opening.

Teasing her, I dropped back and proceeded to do the exact same thing on her left leg. By the time that I reached the top of her inner thigh, she was panting and moaning, reaching for my head and spreading her legs wide.

"Oh shit!" she gasped as I blew lightly across her wet slit. "Please stop teasing me!"

"What was that?" I asked, prolonging the teasing. "I can't hear you."

"Quit teasing me!" she said louder, as she pulled my face into her wetness. "Lick my wet pussy!" 

"Ohhhyeahhh!" she then moaned as I started attacking her neatly trimmed slit.

"Hold your pussy open for me," I told her as I flicked my tongue across the bottom of her clit.

Christi then took one of her hands off the back of my head and placed it at the top of her pussy. She then used her fingers to spread her lips open, causing her clit to stand out further.

"Perfect," I whispered, as I began flicking my tongue all across her stiff bud.

"Ohhhhyeeesssss!" she gasped, hunching her hips at me and pulling my face in closer. "Lick my pussy! Oh shit! Yes!"

"Tell me when you're going to cum," I told her, leaning back for a second.

"Yesss!" she hissed in response.

I leaned in closer and placed my lips in between her fingers, wrapping them around her stiff clit. She gasped and moaned as I started sucking on her hard bud.

"Ohhhgodddd!" she moaned as I sucked and nibbled on her clit. "That feels so good!"

I continued my oral teasing, until Christi began gasping and moaning even louder.

"Oh shit!" she hissed. "Yes! Right there! Oh damn, yes! Oh my god, I'm going to cum! Ohhhhyeahhh!"

As she started pulling my face in closer, I released her clit and leaned back. I knew that would probably really get her going, which is just what I wanted Brittany to see, if she was still watching.

"What...? Why did you stop?" Christi gasped, looking at me like she was mad. "I was right there! I was going to cum!"

Smiling, I stood, still between her legs. I leaned in, presenting my hard cock to her lips.

"Suck my cock," I told her as I reached down and pulled her head to me. "Get it nice and wet for me."

I felt Christi moan around my shaft as she inhaled me, and she started sliding her lips up and down my length.

After a couple of minutes of her sucking on me, I placed my hands under her armpits and had her stand.

I quickly turned around, and sat on the seat. I then pulled Christi to me, and she straddled my legs.

Looking me in the eyes, she reached down and took my shaft in her hand, and started sliding the head up and down her slit and she bent her knees, lowering herself.

"Ohhyesss!" she hissed as her wet pussy slowly engulfed my cock.

As her ass cheeks rested on my thighs, she placed her hands on my face. She then leaned in and kissed me as she slowly began moving her hips, fucking me.

"Do you like how you taste?" I asked, smiling at her when she pulled her lips from mine.

"Yes, I do," she answered. "Now you'd better fuck me good, after leaving me hanging like that!"

"Right now, you're on top," I told her. "So YOU fuck ME."

Christi let out a low growl, gripped my shoulders tightly, and then began moving her hips back and forth, sliding her pussy up and down my cock.

As soon as I had a chance, I snuck a glance over her shoulder and saw that her daughter was indeed still there watching us.

"C'mon, baby, fuck me," I said loud enough for Brittany to hear. "Show me how much you like my cock."

"Oh god! Yesss!" she moaned as she continued bouncing her ass up and down on my lap. 

"C'mon baby, fuck me," I told her as I slid my hands down to her waist.

Christi then leaned back and placed her hands on my shoulders. Gripping me tightly, she growled softly and began grinding against me.

As I looked up at her face, I could see an almost feral look in her eyes. She was wild as she continued grinding her hips, slamming herself harder against me.

"Ohhhhyeeaahhh!" she moaned as she continued sliding her ass along my thighs.

I slid my hands up her side and cupped her breasts. Christi moaned in delight and threw her head back as I massaged her bouncing tits and started pinching and rolling her nipples between my fingers.

"Yessss!" she hissed as I pulled on her stiff nipples. 

I slid my hands back down to her waist, and held on to her hips as she continued riding my cock.

Christi then leaned forward and moved her body, presenting her nipples to my lips. I brought my hands back up to her tits and pushed them together, so I could suck on both nipples at the same time. I started sucking on her hard buds and gently bit down on them.

"Oh shit! Yes!" she gasped, pulling my head closer to her chest and slamming her hips forward, grinding her mound against me.

I released her nipples and placed my hands on her hips again.

"Lift up just a little," I told her. 

Christi looked at me, the feral look still in her eyes, and slowly raised her hips, momentarily releasing my cock from her wet pussy.

I then slid down on the cushions a few inches, until my ass was hanging off the edge, and then pulled her back down on top of me. 

As she slowly bent her knees again, I looked down at my hard cock, glistening with her juices in the moonlight, and wondered briefly if Britt was still watching and what was going through her mind.

As Christi lowered herself all the way down, I wrapped my arms around her back and pulled her down to me. I could feel her soft breasts press against my chest as I kissed her and slid my hands down to her ass.

I grabbed tightly to her full asscheeks and pulled them apart at the same time that I started slamming my hips up at her, fucking her as fast and hard as I could.

"Ohhmyygoddddd!" she gasped, holding tightly to me. "Oohhhsshhiiitt!"

I continued fucking her like that for a few minutes, and just as I started running out of gas, Christi began panting and letting out a low, guttural moan.

"Oh shit! Oh my god! Oh damn! Fuck me!" she shrieked, as I felt her pussy clamp down on my pistoning shaft. 

She quickly let out a long, louder moan as she collapsed on top of me, and I felt her juices flowing down over my balls, coating them.

I slammed my hips up one more time, driving my cock deep inside of her, and she shrieked once more, holding me tighter.

"Oh my god!" she gasped a couple of minutes later, as we lay still and she slowly lifter her chest from mine. "What the hell was that?"

"That, my dear, was what I believe was a big orgasm," I replied, smiling up at her.

"Ya think?" she asked, playfully slapping my chest. "I don't think I've ever cum as much at once as you just made me!"

My hands still on her ass, I quickly slapped one of her asscheeks and told her to spin around.

Yelping at the sting of my hand, Christi slowly, on wobbly knees, rose and turned around, riding me reverse-cowgirl.

As she lowered her pussy back down the length of my pole, I looked past her as saw that Britt was indeed still watching us.

Christ began riding me, and I slid my hands up and down her ass, cupping her cheeks. I then slid one hand down and coated my thumb with her juices.

Christi moaned softly as I placed my wet thumb at her asshole and began massaging it, rubbing her juices into it.

As I began to slowly push my thumb into Christi's tight ass, she moaned again, pushing back against my hand.

My thumb was soon buried inside her, and I could feel the top of my cock through the thin wall separating the two. 

Christi moaned loudly as I began moving my thumb in and out of her ass, and she shuddered.

"Ohhhyesss!" she moaned, gripping tightly to my knees.

I knew that my time would soon be up, and I began to wonder how I should finish.

I smacked Christi's firm ass once more, and she yelped.

"Spin around," I told her, placing my hands on her hips again.

She started to stand, and I held her down.

"No, spin," I told her.

Slowly, Christi lifted one leg and started turning, keeping her hot pussy wrapped around my shaft.

Soon, she had completely turned and was straddling me again.

"That felt nice," she whispered as she settled in my lap again.

"Wrap your arms and legs around me," I told her, "and hold on tight."

"What are you ... OHHH!" she asked, stopping as I stood.

Holding on to her ass cheeks, I slowly walked over to my rope hammock and laid her back on it.
