 I was excited and happy, he was here. I received a text from him saying he was downstairs. I could feel my stomach churning and the sweat on my pores worsen. I really like this guy with passion, but I had to control my feelings as his mind-set was for sex only. 

I took a deep breath and shouted, "just sex, fuck, just sex!" which helped. 

I opened the door and there he was. He smiled with that cheeky grin which always made me feel great. His smile could light up the darkest of rooms and leave its Mark permanently. I held out my hand and grabbed hold of his, smiling painfully but happy. 

"Come, lets go up." 

"Okay," he replied gladly. 

We walked into the lift and he hugged me tightly as for dear life. I could feel the warmth and softness of his chest against my bulging breasts. His soft hands caressed my back. 

"Don't let me go, ever," I said in my head of course, but he did let go, this was reality. 

He quickly gave me a kiss and muttered speedily, "it's great to see you again." 

"It's always great to see you, always will be," I stupidly replied. 

He lowered his head down and rolled his eyes up. I always could tell what he was thinking. 

"Just a fuck, it's just a fuck, don't get heavy," imagining what he was saying in his head.

I led him to my apartment and we quickly engulfed each other in each other's arms, wrapping them tightly around each other. It was a nice and warm hug, a feeling of relief, but at the same time, confusing. He took hold of my cheeks and kissed me, on lip under another and our mouths widening and tongues rubbing together momentarily. I pressed my palms against his firm chest and turned him to the sofa, pushing him down. He sat down quickly and I sat on his lap immediately. I wrapped my hands around his head and kissed him passionately. Our emotions were racing, all over the place. I kissed the tip of his nose and softly kissed his smooth neck with my soft warm lips. He didn't seem to be too keen on that overdose of affection and shrugged his head and shoulders. I was left thinking maybe I should just fuck him, since that's all he's going to appreciate and enjoy from me tonight. My heart felt like it was being punched by a stone and weighted down.

Again, I took a deep breath and said to myself, "it's just a fuck". 

I kissed him some more, deeply and crazily. He squeezed my tits and pulled down my shoulder straps from my dress. I pulled the rest of my dress off and threw it on the floor. He quickly stripped and sat back on the sofa. His cock was erect and was screaming at me, urging me to sit on his cock. My pussy was wet, crying out for his touch. I gently sat on his hard cock, feeling it slowly enter my wet slushy pussy, tight and horny. It felt so good, like we were one, like nothing else mattered. I gently moved my waist back and forth, sideways, moving in circles, teasing his cock in my pussy. My knees were at either side of him, flat on the sofa so I could bounce up and down on his cock. I could see his lips tightly closed, folding into each other. He stroked my thighs while I grinded his cock. He sucked my left nipple, squeezing my tits at the same time. The heat between us was getting hotter. I held the back rest of the sofa and bounced up and down much faster on his cock. My tits shook up and down like jelly, "fuck yeah, oh yeah", too right oh yeah. He lifted his waist and pushed his cock into my pussy, drilling my pussy momentarily. I began to moan, shaking with every thrust.

He quickly muttered, "lets get on the bed." 

We walked to the bed and I made sure my wicker basket with all my toys in was easily accessible. He was in for a shock; it's time to convert him. I felt, "fuck it, God knows if I'll ever see him again, it's now or never." 

I told him to get into a 60'ner position because I wanted him to lick my pussy crazily while I suck his cock, of course he agreed. 

Swiftly he lay, flat cushioned on my belly in opposite directions. His perk and sexy ass was right in my face. It was so sexy, so smooth like a babies bum, not a hair in site. He pushed his body forward not realising that he was too far forward that his cock was too far away from my mouth for me to suck. Perfect! He obviously had a plan of his own, to convert my tight virgin ass. He licked my pussy, flicking his tongue on my swollen clit. He held back my pink pussy lips and licked down towards my pussy hole. I could feel the tip of his juicy tongue rim the edge of my pussy. I gave his ass cheeks a few light slaps and a squeeze, enjoying every second. I felt a few prods of his index finger slide in my pussy the slide up to my slit, rubbing it softly in circles, and then sliding back into my pussy. After a few times of doing this, I could feel my pussy getting wetter, dripping around my crotch. 

"Wow, look at this juice," he mumbled. 

"Don't stop, God don't stop," I replied quickly. 

He slid two fingers in my pussy, quite fast now, arching them up towards my g-spot. My stomach tensed up and my bladder felt heavy like I needed to pee. He prodded harder, forcing his eager fingers onto my g-spot, making it swell and throb. He started rubbing my clit with his other hand, now I was on heat. My ass cheeks tensed and face began to tingle. I was groaning quite loud, almost screaming. My thighs were uncontrollably moving up and down, the tips of my toes curling up. My legs began to shiver out of control. 

Quite unexpectedly, I felt my asshole being prodded. He rubbed my pussy juice around the rim of my ass, softly massaging it. I could feel a warm wet sensation of his tongue licking and teasing the rim. 

I didn't know what to think, apart from, "fuck, what's he doing?" 

After a minute of prodding, he gently slid his finger into my ass. 

"Ah fuck, fuck," I screeched quietly. 

He left his finger there while fucking my pussy with his other hand. I couldn't describe the feeling, but my ass was tight. I felt tense, weird.

I thought, "fuck it, he's getting it now. His ass is mine." 

I spread his ass cheeks and licked his smooth rim on his ass. It tasted divine, so sexy. I started rubbing his ass hole with the tip of my finger, gently prodding every few seconds. I didn't want to give him time to think about what I was doing just in case he jumps away in shock. I licked his ass again then pushed in my finger. He quickly shuddered, wondering what the he;; had just happened. I told him to relax and enjoy. 

"Fuck," he responded in shock. 

I pushed my finger in deeper and pushed down towards his balls. I could feel his prickly spongy prostate and began to rub it gently. 

"Oh my god," he reacted. 

His ass was no virgin ass anymore and he knew it. 

"Feel good?" I asked. 

"Yeah, it does, fuck," he surprisingly said. 

He started pushing his finger in and out my ass in such a way as if to say, "now your ass is mine." 

I raced my finger in and out of his ass, spitting around the rim to lubricate, faster and harder. He began to whine louder, and the louder he whined the more wet and turned on I became. My pussy was so turned on with every moan he made that my pelvis was moving all over the place. I could see his ass cheeks tense up, his body slightly rocking. 

By this time, my asshole was less tense and he took advantage of that. He tried two fingers, but slowly. My ass was tight as anything in its own way, well, that's how it felt. I wanted to beat him to it, make him cum. I reached under my pillow, where I hid my Vaseline and ass beads. I rubbed some Vaseline, quite thickly on 3 quarters of the length. I pushed it slowly into his ass. 

"Fuck girl, fuck, fuck. What you doing?" he said almost shocked. 

"Now your ass is mine". 

I pushed it all the way in, slowly back and forth. I reached under his crotch using my other hand and started to wank his cock. His whole body was on fire, shaking, which made my pussy scream in cum. I was flooding in juices, dripping everywhere, all down my leg. I was going for it now. 

"Yeah baby, feel good?" I asked not expecting a response. 

I don't think he knew what to say. His cock was throbbing in my hand, his pre-cum sliding in and out between my fingers. I pulled the beads out and quickly stuck in my middle finger, pounding his ass. 

"Tell me you're cummin', you sexy bastard," I asked. 

"Fuck yeah I'm cummin'." 

All of a sudden, instantly, he shot his load heavily, squirting on my pussy. He was still tense, shaking, flopped flat on top of me. 

"Jesus, can't believe you did that." 

I can, laughing to myself. I just giggled. 

"You enjoyed yeah?" and of course he replied "yeah." 

I was so turned on by his orgasm that I forgot about his fingers in my ass and I cum without being touched. We were both soaked, steam floating off our bodies and remembering, "this was just a fuck."