 The next time Gary came over he brought his brother Matt with him, and I figured nothing was going to happen with Matt there.

Matt is older than Gary, he's a local cop, and he never liked me much. In school he had seemed to go out of his way to make my life miserable. Especially in gym class, making fun of my non athletic abilities, and in the shower he would tell me to go to another corner since I looked more like a girl than a MAN.

After Linda said hello to them, she disappeared into the bedroom. She came out about 10 minutes later wearing a lavender baby doll, and lavender garter belt and stockings, and see through lavender panties We could see she had shaved her cunt, it looked so nice and hot.

WOW: I think everyone's cock got hard right away.

Linda sat on the couch between them, and right away their hands went to her tits and cunt, she spread her legs wide and Matt stuffed two fingers in her. He quickly had her bucking and moaning like the slut she had become.

"Finger fuck me, OH Fuck me, FUCK ME!", she kept saying. And Matt obliged. Her hand went to their pants, feeling a hard cock in each one. She told them to get their cocks out so they could all play.

Well nobody had to be asked a second time, belts were undone, flys unzipped, and underwear pulled down to reveal hard, hot cocks. Linda moved around on the couch so she could suck on Gary's cock, as Matt kept up his work with his fingers.

I just sat there stupefied. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. My little previously demure wife, who would barely let me screw her, and never gave me a blow job, was now acting like biggest cock loving slut I could imagine.

Matt's cock was just a little bigger than Gary's; I was to get a better look at it later that night.

Now Linda got down on the floor, begging Gary to get in front of her, and Matt to fuck her from behind.

Gary presented his cock for her mouth, and she sucked it in, and rammed her head forward to take it all in. Matt ran his cock up and down her pussy crack, teasing her like Gary had done before, giving her just little pokes, and thumbing her asshole.

Finally she took her head off of Gary's cock and cried out, "For God sakes Matt please put you cock in me, I need cock,,, I need to get Fucked." She pushed her cunt back but couldn't get Matt to put his cock into her. She begged again. "Matt please fuck me!"

Matt now rammed forward and gave her what she wanted, fucking her HARD, fucking her DEEP. 

"OH, OH God yes, Fuck me, FUCK ME," She cried.

Now Gary moved his cock into her mouth and she gagged on it, taking it in to the balls. They took turns bouncing her back and forth, one cock ramming in, and one cock sliding out, then switching to both ramming into her at the same time.It was like they were trying to get their cocks to meet in the middle of my wife.

It appeared that they had done this before, and for all I know, they had rehearsed it with Linda before they let me see how they would be cuckolding and humiliating me.

Then as Matt was playing with her asshole she pulled her head off of Gary's cock and she grunted, "YES! Stick you finger in my asshole". He did. She grunted. At that point I shot off in my pants.

After a second I got up to go to the bathroom and Matt said, " I think Lil J. just shot off in his pants, he has to go clean his little cocklit." Linda pulled her mouth free and laughed, "Cocklit, that's good,,,,, or dicklit".

"Clittycock" said Gary.

Linda said, " Is that right hubby, did your little cocklit shoot it's little load into your little panties?"

I started to walk away when Matt said, in his best cop voice, "Hey, you, answer us, did you pop off?"

"Yes I did.", I replied. They all laughed again. "Take down your pants so we can see." Said Matt. I dropped my pants and there was the stain on my underpants.

More laughter. "This must really turn him on." Matt said. "In a way, that's too bad, because I would really like to humiliate him, without him getting any pleasure out of it. But as long as I get some prime tail I guess I don't care". He continued, "Gary have him suck your cock, you told me about it, but I want to see it."

Since I had just cum, I really didn't feel like sucking cock. But it was obvious, that if I didn't comply, there would be a ramification.

So I stepped out of my pants and walked over to Gary. He stood up so I got to my knees and opened my mouth. He made no move to put his cock into my mouth, so I had to lean forward to suck him.

As I walked over, my cock had gone soft, but now on my knees, and a cock in my mouth, the little bastard, with a mind of it's own, was getting hard. Linda was in the perfect position to see and said, "Look, he is getting a hard on, he's getting a HARD ON, by being a cocksucker."

More laughter. Matt continued to fuck my wife. She moaned and groaned and wiggled her ass.

I continued to suck cock, suck Gary's hard cock, suck it into my mouth and have it invade my throat, and I was liking it.

Shortly Linda had her head down pillowed on her arms, and was coming and coming.

Then Gary announced that he was about to come, and then proceeded to do so in my mouth. He shot his load into my now willing mouth, then stroked in and out spreading his come all in my mouth hole, letting me taste his spunk again. It was a very big load testifying to the heat of this scene.

I gagged and swallowed it, I swallowed his cum for his pleasure and the amusement of all of them.

Then Matt announced he was shooting off into my wife.

After he calmed down he asked me, "Did you swallow Gary's load like a good little cocksucker?" I didn't reply. "ANSWER ME". 

"Yes I swallowed his load.", I said.

As he pulled out he said, "Good then get over here and clean me off, then clean up your wife." "Don't move Linda" Linda remained on her knees.

I went over to Matt and got down and took his cock into my mouth. Since he was still kneeling down it forced me to get down on my back and scoot to his cock. He leaned forward a little and put it in my mouth. "There now you can get what you like, a nice big cock to suck, fag boy." I sucked it and licked it off I now tasted his cum, his cum right from his cock, mixing it with Gary's cum.

When he was satisfied, he took my head and directed it to Linda's now dripping cunt. I licked her clean of her and Matt's cum catching and eating the copious cum dripping out of her cunt, Matt's cum, the cum of someone who despised me and whom I despised too..

Matt told me to be sure and lick her asshole while my mouth was there. This induced moans from my wife. I changed positions and licked the asshole of my kneeling wife, this elicited moans of pleasure from her, moans I had not heard for me for a long time.

Matt told me to strip down and wait in the corner, on my knees.

By now both Gary and Matt were hard again and Matt had Linda stand up and then bend over so he could take her from behind.

He then started to push her around the room, impaled on his cock, telling her not to let it come out. She look ridiculous as he steered her around, then would stop and back up, making her walk backwards so she wouldn't loose the cock she craved.

He made her say that his cock was the best cock, and that she loved it, and would do anything to have it in her, and that it was so much better than her husband's cock. That even though she was just a slut for big hard cocks, that she was more of a man than her cock-sucking husband.

Then Gary got back in front of her and they gave her another round of a twosome. I kneeled there watching this spectacle, my cock hard and straining for another release.

They had Linda suck and fuck with them for a while then, Matt decided he wanted me. He walked over and put his hard cock in front of my face. I turned away, and got a slap on my face for my disobedience. I turned my head back facing his cock and he moved it forward bumping against my lips. Then put his hand on my head, and pushed my mouth onto his cock. He then grabbed my hair holding my head just how he wanted it on his cock. Next he backed up making me follow him on my knees as I continued sucking on his cock. He continued to humiliate me and enjoy my cocksucking for a while, then he held my head and started ramming his hard cock in and out of my mouth.

He fucked my mouth laughing and calling me a boy pussy and then finished and his cock unloaded into my mouth. It shot a big load and filled my mouth and I drooled some out as his pistoning cock spread his cum in my mouth and shot into my throat.

Matt let out a large satisfied sigh and kind of fell back into my chair. I remained on my knees still coughing and drooling cum.