 "Man, that was the most amazing dream I've ever had. Too bad I can't tell you about it, don't have time, I'm late for work. Not really. The dream was about your girlfriend." 

Well, that's what I told my roommate this morning as I walked out of the apartment and headed for the bus stop. I live on the outskirts of LA and work downtown, so I ride the bus. Thankfully my employer pays for it so it doesn't cost me an arm and leg for gas and parking. 

Anyway, I don't mind riding the bus. I get to meet a lot of interesting people, some you wish you'd have never met and others that you don't want to stop talking to. Hell I'm just gabbing on and didn't introduce myself. 

I'm Dar. I know, what a name but my mom loved Marc Singer and that was his character's name on the Beast Master. I have dirty blond hair, what there is of it, and I'm almost 6" tall. I weigh about 250 lbs. I think I'm fat but my friends tell me different and I have green eyes. I know my friends are just trying to be nice. 

That's enough of that. Let me tell you who the dream was about. Her name is Karla, she is my roommate's girlfriend. She is so fucking beautiful. I've had dreams of her before but Jackson doesn't know. He also doesn't know that I saw him fucking her on the bathroom counter last week and I'm sore from jacking off pretending it was me. 

My roommate treats her like shit. He don't hit her or nothing, he just talks down to her like she's a dog. She and I have become good friends and we can talk about all kinds of stuff. But that really doesn't matter because I'm the guy that the girls like to talk to and Jackson, well, he is the guy the girls wanna fuck.

I work at a really large computer software place. You may have heard of it, Eidos. They make games and such and I'm the guy they call when the computers don't work right. I show up, make a few keystrokes and tadaaa! It's fixed. So I basically have a office I seldom get to see, but I do know where it is... it's in the basement of this godforsaken building, but that's okay. I get a lot of quiet time to think about Karla, that is, when I get to sit at my desk.

Karla paged the computer repairman one-day. She didn't know it was me because everyone just calls me the computer geek or dork. This was the first time she ever needed my help. So I took the elevator to the 6th floor and made my way to her cubical. I tapped on the wall as I walked in. She got a puzzled look on her face and asked what I was doing there and how did I know where she worked. 

I laughed. "You paged me...HELLO!" and continued to chuckle. 

She continued to look at me awkwardly. 

"Karla I'm the computer geek or dork or what ever it is they are calling me this week."

"Oh," she said and we both started laughing. 

After a few minutes, we settled down and she was able to tell me the problem. It didn't take long to fix, unfortunately, and I was about to get up and leave when she asked me to stay if I had a minute. I was about to sit down when my freaking pager went off again. 

"Sorry, duty calls," I said and walked away.

Things were pretty hectic that day and I only had time for a quick lunch in my office. At quitting time, I hit the clock and ran out to catch the bus. The ride home was really packed, as usual, and I gave my seat up to an older woman and stood most of the way home. I talked with a few people but not many; I'm not a real people person, and I don't like crowds too much. I guess that's why I go to work, come home eat, watch TV, go to bed, get up, go to work, so on and so on. Not much of a life I know. 

But little did I know that things were about to change.

I got home from work one night, had showered and ate a quick dinner and was sitting down to watch TV when Jackson and Karla walked in. They decided to stay in tonight and sat down and watched a little TV with me. We talked about different stuff and Karla told Jackson that she and I worked together.

"Duh you dip. I've known that since you've been working there," Jackson said.

I sat there and bit my lip thinking what an asshole, talking to this beautiful woman like that. If he weren't a friend I'd punch his fucking lights out. Around 10:00 I got up and said I was going to bed. I went to my room and laid down, slowly drifting off to sleep. About an hour later, I heard what sounded like a muffled scream, and bolted upright in bed. I sat there quietly and listened. I heard it again and it sounded like it was coming from the living room. 

I walked over to the door and slowly opened it, and on the couch was Jackson and Karla fucking like rabbits in heat. She had her face covered with a pillow to suppress the screams but it didn't help much. I was just standing there and watching through the crack in the door. Her legs were up over Jackson shoulders and he was fucking her as hard as he could. I couldn't figure out why she was carrying on so much because he didn't look so big to me, but then again I wasn't getting pile driven in to the couch either. I was starting to get hard watching them go at it.

He'd pull out until the head came all the way out and then he'd drive it back in until his balls slapped her asshole. She was enjoying ever inch of it. I started rubbing my cock and I couldn't take my eyes off of them. My cock was so hard I could have driven nails into a 4X4 with it. Hell, I couldn't blame the lil guy. He doesn't get pussy of his own. Not that I don't date, I do, but it's just wham bam thank you ma'am, but those are few and far between. 

I looked up and noticed that Karla was staring at my door, so I leaned back from the light so she couldn't see me. When I peeked back through the crack she was on her knees with her upper body resting on the couch and Jackson was slowly inching his cock into her ass. The look of fulfillment that came over her face was priceless. And I was wishing it was my cock instead of his. This woman had an ass like you would not believe! It was perfect, like the ass on the high school cheerleaders (I know you guys remember those) tight and up raised just a bit. 

Damn! I knew I couldn't last much longer so I increased my speed and tried to suppress the groans and shot my load all over the door and floor. I cleaned up my mess and headed back to bed with my cock still throbbing, wanting more. 

The alarm went off the next morning and I stumbled out of bed, head pounding from lack of sleep. I didn't sleep much because visions of that wonderful ass kept flowing through my head. I took and handful of Advil and washed them down with some water, and started getting ready for work. As I was getting ready to leave, I heard Jackson's door open and the goddess stepped out looking fine as usual. 

"Dar, can you give me a lift to work?" she asked.

"Yeah I'll give you a lift but it's not what you think. I ride the bus to work because it's cheaper on parking and gas."

Karla got this weird look on her face. I haven't seen that look since I was a senior and was still riding the bus to school (you guys know the look I'm talking about). Well, she finally got her shit together and stopped looking like she was going to spew everywhere, so we went down to the bus stop. The bus wasn't very crowded when it got to my stop, which is a good sign. Karla looked kind of nervous so I tried to calm her by talking to her. 

I asked her how she slept and she said not well be, Jackson wouldn't stay off of her. She kept trying to go to sleep and he'd rub on her and get her started all over again. 

"Hell, I'm surprised we didn't wake you up, as much noise as we made," she said. 

I just gave her an awkward grin. "No you didn't wake me up. I sleep like a log," I replied, feeling face turn red as she looked at me.

"Your lying. You heard us, didn't you?" she asked. "Did you see anything?"

"Umm, no. I just heard," I said as I felt the fire in my cheeks burn a little brighter. 

"Oh my God! You did!" she said.

And then I lost it. "What do you think I'd do? You're the most beautiful woman I have ever seen and you thought I wouldn't look? Shit, I jacked off to him fucking your ass."

My knee's felt weak all of a sudden. I can't believe I told her that! I think she was in shock because she didn't say much... she just stared. After my pulse slowed, I asked if she was ok. She finally stopped staring and I figured she's fine, but she said nothing else the rest of the ride.

Work was the same old shit, running from place to place fixing these idiot's computers. If they wouldn't fuck with shit so bad they wouldn't be fucked up. Some of the shit I have to fix and they call me the dork? I finally had enough for a while so I took the batteries out of the pager and went to the basement for some rest, not that I'd get much because I still have my own work to do. I also ate my lunch in my office again, as usual. It made it easier to work and not have to leave to eat. 

I had just cleaned up my lunch when I heard a soft knock on my door. I shouted my usual "Enter at your own risk!" and the door cracked open. In walked Karla, the last person on earth that I thought would ever walk through my door. I got up and went to the door because my mom taught me to be a gentleman. 

"What can I do for you?" I asked.

She seemed kind of nervous. "Can you wait on me to catch the bus? I don't know where or what time it runs," she said.

"No problem. Be at the front door around 5:00, ok?"

She kind of smiled and nodded and then walked out. 

I stepped out the door and called her name. She stopped but did not turn around.

"Karla, we're friends," I said. "We can't let this stuff from last night get between that, ok?" 

She just started walking again.

Yahoo...Its 5:00 time to head home. I got my shit together and went to wait for Karla by the front door. 5:10 came and no Karla, 5:20 no Karla. So I jumped on the next elevator that opened and went to her cubicle. There she was working her tight little ass off. 

"Karla?" I quietly asked.

She liked to have jumped out of her skin.

"Shit! Dar, you scared the hell out of me!"

I couldn't help but laugh. "I'm sorry. I was waiting at the door for you."

"Shit, it's 5:00 already?"

"No, it's actually 5:25, and we missed the bus."

She got this look like I would be pissed. "Don't worry, there's another at 6:15. Do you need help finishing up, or should I just sit here and be quite?"

"I'm just about done. Give me one second," she said. 

I watched in awe at this beautiful creature work and thought again how can that prick treat her so badly. She finished what she was doing, shut down her computer and we headed back to the elevator.

The bus was right on time like it always is and we got on and went to the back. There weren't many people on the bus, so I sat behind her in another seat. 

"Why are you sitting back there." She asked.

"I thought you would be uncomfortable with me sitting beside you."

"No," she answered and patted he seat next to her. 

I quickly got up and changed seats before the bus started moving (I didn't want to wind up face down in the isle). I knew she was uncomfortable because she never said much all the way to our stop. We walked the few blocks in silence and I opened the door for her and we went inside. She put her stuff on the table and went into Jackson's room and closed the door. I showered and started to fix me something to eat. I rapped on the door and asked her is she was hungry. A quick no was all I got.

I ate, cleaned up and went to my room, turning on the radio. Ten minutes till game time and I never miss a baseball game. So I settled in and started watching the game. Jackson came in around the middle of the second inning and said that he and Karla were going to dinner and that they would be back later. 

I never made it to the end of the game because I fell asleep around the 6th inning and my team was losing 2-3. Around 12:30, I woke up and went in the kitchen to get a drink. As I left the bedroom, I heard that familiar sound of sex going on in the other bedroom. Damn he's a lucky bastard that doesn't deserve to be. If I had a chance to get next to her I'd treat her like a queen. 

But maybe she's one of those girls who likes being treated like shit. Who knows? I filled a glass with ice and the noise must have made them stop fucking because it got quiet. Put some water in my glass and turned to go to back to the bedroom. As I started closing the door, Jackson's door opened and I quickly closed mine but not all the way. 

Karla walked out of Jackson's room naked as the day she was born. 

I held my breath so she wouldn't hear me. She must really be bothered by what I said because she walked all the way to the restroom and never took her eyes off my door. She flipped on the light and my dick jumped to attention instantly, and then she closed the door. 

OH MAN! What a fucking body! I saw her the other day but that asshole Jackson was blocking my view. I stood there until I heard the toilet flush and she came out with a towel and a tube of K-Y. She kind of smiled at herself as she walked back to the bedroom.

Needless to say I didn't sleep much after that because of the site of her smile and that naked body walking not 10 feet from my door. Not to mention the noise that girl makes when she is getting her ass reamed with cock. 

I must have dozed off again, because the alarm sounded way too quickly. I must have hit snooze because it went off again and I jumped out of bed. FUCK! I'm late! Damn, I can make it to work on time but I hate rushing. I grabbed some clothes out of the closet and threw them on and grabbed my shoes. Opening my bedroom door, I almost knocked Karla on her pretty little ass. 

"Sorry," I mumbled as I started buttoning my shirt and putting on my shoes. 

"What's the matter Dar? Didn't sleep well?"

I just looked at her and rolled my eyes. "Not really."

"Well, I hope we're not late for work," she worriedly said.

"We won't be. You got your stuff?"

"Yeah, I'm ready." she said kind of smiling. 

"Give it to me because we have to run to the bus stop." Dar said, taking her things from her. 

And out the door I flew with Karla right behind. About ¾ of the way there she lost a heel off of one shoe and she twisted her ankle. Not giving it a second thought, I snatched her up tossed her over my shoulder and continued on. We made the bus right as the driver was closing the doors. 

He laughed. "I sees you mon, no problems."

I gave him the money and helped Karla to a seat. Her ankle had swollen a little but not much. She would be okay but the shoe was fucked. And Karla was pissed... not because of the ankle but because of the freaking shoe. 

I started to laugh.

"What's so fucking funny Dar?"

I took a couple of breaths and calmed a bit. "The image of me running the last block with you over my shoulder with your ass in the air."

"Well, it's a good thing I have pants on," she said and we both busted out laughing. 

We finally controlled ourselves and got our breath back. The rest of the ride was kind of nice. We talked a bit like we used to and laughed a lot like we used too. 

The office was kind of quiet for a Friday but that's okay by me. I snuck out just before lunch and went and bought Karla a new pair of shoes and some lunch. I went to her cubicle and tapped on the door. She seemed kind of glad to see me, which I didn't mind at all. And the shoes actually fit. She asked how I knew what size she wore. I just looked at her picked up the broken shoe and pointed at the inside. 

"Oh, I can be so stupid some times," she said.

"Nah you're not stupid, but I do wonder why you let Jackson talk to you like he does."

Her cheeks stared to turn crimson and I apologized for over stepping my boundaries. 

"It's ok. He does talk to me like shit sometimes, but I'm sure he doesn't mean it," she said, trying to convince both me and her at the same time. 

"Anyway, I brought us some lunch. Are you hungry?"

"Starving," she said as I got the deli sandwiches out of the bag and put them on the desk. 

We ate and talked a bit and then all of a sudden she asked if I liked the show last night. My mind went blank for a few minutes and she kind of giggled.

"You know what I'm talking about. I know you watched me as I went to the restroom and back."

I turned three shades of red.

"Don't be embarrassed. I knew you were watching," she said.

I almost choked on the mouthful of sandwich and apologized. 

"What is there to apologize for? It's your apartment."

"Well, never the less, your Jackson's girlfriend and I shouldn't be staring at you but I can't help it. You are the most beautiful woman I've ever met and I just can't help it."

I then got up and left her cubicle.

The rest of the day was kind of boring and long. My phone rang pulling me out of yet another daydream of Karla. 

"Tech help," I said picking up the phone.

"Dar, it's Karla," she said, like I wouldn't recognize that sweet voice.

"Can I help you?"

"I was just wondering if you were going to wait for me at the door at quitting time?"

"Sure I'll wait," I said and told her bye and hung up. 

Damn I can't even talk to her on the phone without blushing. I am a dork. When 4:55 came I closed everything down and headed up stairs to the front door. What do you know... I didn't have to go get her. Karla was standing there waiting on me.

We made our way to the bus stop and waited on the bus with about fifty thousand others it seemed. When the bus arrived it looked almost empty but it wouldn't be for long. We waited our turn and got on the bus. What would you know... only one seat left near the back. Great, I have to stand for the 45 minute ride home. 

"Sit," I said, motioning to the vacant seat.

"Why don't you sit and I'll sit in your lap?" 

My knee's buckled a bit but I didn't let it show. So I sat down and she sat her fine ass on my lap. And you guessed it... instant hard on. She squirmed around a bit, killing me in the process. She finally got situated and looked at me and gave me the most wicked grin I have ever seen. Well, what could she do? She's sitting there with a hard dick stuck in the crack of her ass. God that was the bumpiest bus ride I have ever taken, not to mention the fact that Karla was grinding her ass into my cock.

The bus would turn and she'd clinch her cheeks together like she was trying to stay seated using my dick as a grip. I know I heard her moan a couple of times on the ride home. My dick was so hard that it hurt. I just knew I was going to bust a nut in my pants. She almost fell off one time and I reached up and grabbed her hips and pulled her back on. As I did this, my hand went around her hip and she covered it with her briefcase. 

I started rubbing the crotch of her pants. Karla was soaking wet and I could feel the heat of her pussy through the thin slacks she was wearing. Then the moaning really started. She turned and put her face into my neck to try and keep quiet. She started to tremble from her building orgasm and I held on to her tight and let her enjoy. Damn! Do you know how hard it is to get a woman off and not let them make noise? She finally calmed down just in time because it was our turn to get off the bus. 

Oh, this is going to be a trick, I said to myself. As we stood to exit the bus, I grabbed Karla's briefcase and held it over my still ragging cock and helped her off the bus. When we got off the bus we sat down on a bench until she got her strength back. I thought it quite awkward that she didn't talk much on the walk to the apartment considering what just happened on the bus. But she entered the apartment and went straight to Jackson's room as she always did and didn't say anything. So I went into the bathroom and relieved the throbbing that was going on in my nut sack, showered, got dressed, ate and went to my room.
