 As Karla turned and left I thought to my self yeah right, he’ll find out. 

I settled in on the couch and started watching T.V, along about 6:30 Jackson came home and went right to his room. Must have had a bad day I thought smiling to myself. I could actually care fucking less what kind of day he had. Because I have this pornographic memory of Karla and I fucking like wild rabbits, running through my head at the moment. I snapped back to reality as I heard the door to Jackson’s room open. 

“What’s up?” Jackson said as he flopped down on the other couch.

Just like two men to have two couches for furniture in the apartment.

“Not a damn thing just sitting here watching Sports Center” I said trying not to sound to guilty.

“Did Karla come by today?” he asked.

“Yeah she did but she left a little while ago,” I said 

“Did she say where she was going?” he said kind of sternly.

“NO! Do I fucking look like her mom” I shot back.

“Damn man who pissed in your cheerios” he said looking puzzled.

“No one sorry, it’s just that girl can’t do shit with out you wondering about her. And your always talking down to her like she’s a fucking dog.”

“What the fuck are you talking about Dar?”

“Nothing just forget it,” I said and got up and went to my room.

I must have fallen asleep, at least for a little while. I looked over at the clock and it read 7:45 p.m. So I got up and stretched and wandered into the kitchen. As I entered the kitchen I heard voices coming from Jackson’s room. I went over to the fridge and got a beer and started back into my room. When Jackson’s bedroom door opened and the Goddess and the Asshole walked out.

“OH! Hi Dar,” Karla smiled and said. “I thought you weren’t home.”

“UH..UH I, I, I was asleep,” I stuttered.

“What the hell was that,” Jackson laughed.

“I’m still kinda sleepy,” I mumbled.

“What are you fixing to do?” Karla asked still smiling.

“Go back in my room and watch the game,” I answered trying not to look at her.

“Why don’t you come eat with Jackson and me?”

“Oh, that’s ok I’ll stay here.”

“Shit man, that’s all you do is watch fucking baseball,” the fuck wad said. 

“Come on and go with us. Hell, we are going to the club afterwards and you might get lucky and pick up a date, maybe a girl this time,” Jackson said laughing his ass off.

I began to turn red; I wasn’t embarrassed I was pissed. I don’t know what’s so funny to this dick head. So what I don’t get laid ever night it’s not that big of deal to me. I looked at Karla and she was acting like he never spoke she just kept staring at me and smiling.

“What the fuck, I guess I’ll go.” 

“Good,” Karla said still smiling that sexy smile.

“Let me change real fast and we’ll head out.” 

I bolted for my room and my heart was beating 90 miles per hour. My palms were sweating. I grabbed some faded button fly 501’s and a teal Izod shirt and scrabbled into them, rushed into the bathroom knocking shit every where, brushed my teeth and put on some deodorant. Walking out I stopped turned around and put on some Safari cologne. I felt like a lifetime but I’m sure it was just a couple minutes. Grabbing my shoes, I headed back to the living room and slipped on my topsiders.

“Lets go.”

I opened the door for Karla and Jackson jumps in front of her and went out side. Well I was kinda glad he did, because Karla walked by and licked her lips and whispered “you look good”. 

I blushed and said “Thanks,” and watched her ass as she walked on outside. We all loaded up in Jackson’s car and headed for the restaurant.

We got to the restaurant and had to wait about 45 minutes for a table.

“I’m going to the bar and get a drink. Do you guys want something?” asked Jackson.

“No.” replied Karla.

“No thanks,” I said.

“Well I’m not sitting here and dying of thirst while we wait,” said Jackson before he turned and walked away.

No sooner was he out of sight when Karla threw her arms around my neck and stuck her tongue down my throat. I was a little shocked at first, but recovered and started kissing her back. My cock started to twitch. I thought just what I needed. to eat diner with my roommate with a hard-on that his girlfriend gave me. But at the moment I didn’t care. 

She pulled away from me, and looked up and said, “That sure was hot this afternoon”.

I leaned down and kissed her again. I felt a little pressure like she was pushing on me. I broke the kiss off and looked at her. 

“I don’t want to stand here thirsty either,” she whispered with a naughty look in her eyes.

She took my hand and we went back towards the front door. What the hell is she doing I thought. We were almost to the door when she made a sharp right and walked right into the men’s room. I glanced around and noticed that no one was watching us. 

We went down into the last stall.

“What are you doing?” I asked.

She looked at me and said, “Getting something to drink.”

Then she sat on the toilet and braced her legs against the door of the stall with me in between them. She reached up and grabbed my top button and yanked it and they all came open. Smiling, she reached in and pulled out my hardening cock and stuffed it in her mouth. My legs buckled a little and I reached up and grabbed the top of the stall. Damn, this woman’s mouth is hot. I reached down with one hand and got her hair off her face and held it as I started fucking her mouth. It must have been the fact that we were doing this in a public restroom or the fact that Karla could flat suck a cock, but I sped up my tempo and soon was splashing the back of her throat with cum. She kept on sucking and swallowing until I started to go soft in her mouth. 

Looking up, she said, “That’s better; but we ought to go.”

I stumbled backwards out of the stall trying to button my pants. She jumped up and headed for the door. We made it back where we were standing before Jackson got back from the bar.

“Damn this place is packed,” Jackson said as he squeezed his way up to us. “I can’t believe it me took so long to get a fucking beer.” 

“I’m glad you’ll didn’t want one I’d still be up there.”

“Well that was very thoughtful of you Jackson,” I said with a little sarcasm in my voice.  

Karla reached out, grabbed his beer and swished it around in her mouth. After making a big noise while swallowing it, she leaned over and gave Jackson a long French kiss. I was biting a whole in my lip trying to keep from laughing.

The hostess came up and said our table was ready. We followed her to our seats and ordered when the waitress came. The place was really noisy, but then again it always is especially on Saturday night. It’s one of those places where the waiters and waitresses dance all around and the music is so loud that you can’t hear yourself think. But they have good food, and besides, I like the place ... it’s really fun. We ate in semi-silence so to speak, paid the tab and left.

“Where to now?” I asked.

“I don’t know,” answered Jackson.

“How about the dance club?” replied Karla excitedly.

“Fine by me,” I stated.

So we made our way to the Asylum. It’s a really nice club that plays that hard ass rock music. We made our way in, found a booth to sit in and ordered a round of drinks. The booth was large like a couch wrapped around a table and Karla and Jackson climbed in on one side and me on the other.

While we waited on the drinks Karla asked Jackson if he would dance with her. He took her hand and led her to the dance floor, which, by the way, left me with the tab when the drinks showed up. The waitress was real pretty and I talked to her a bit before she had to move on. Just my luck the only girl that would talk to me was probably trying to work out a bigger tip. I sat there checking out the place and drinking my beer. 

This place was really cool; it had old chains and shackles hanging on the wall, making me think it was more like an S&M club then an Asylum. I also noticed some square holes in some doors off to the sides of the main room. I got up and walked over and looked into one, finding it completely dark in there. 

A tall blonde standing by the door wearing leather and chains came up to me.

“If you flip the switch beside the door the lights will come on.”

I reached out, not sure whether or not I really wanted to see, and slowly flipped on the light switch. Inside was a padded cell with huge steel X standing upright in middle of the room with shackles on all for points. There were racks on the back wall with different types of whips and gags. 

I looked at her and she got this devilish smile on her face.

“Give me fifty bucks and I’ll give you a hour you won’t ever forget,” she offered.

I politely said “No thank you,” and wandered back to my booth. I don’t care how pretty a woman is. She’s not strapping me to anything and beating my ass. 

Karla and Jackson were at the table when I arrived.

“Do you guys come here often?” I asked.

“No,” Karla said. “Why?”

“Do you know there is a padded cell over there with bondage stuff in it?” 

“NO SHIT!” exclaimed Jackson. “Where?”

I pointed in the general area of the blonde in the leather

“Behind the woman in leather.”

Jackson got up. “I’ll be right back.”

Which left us sitting there. As soon as he turned around and left, Karla reached over and kissed me again.

“Are you crazy?” I choked out. “Or are you trying to get us caught?”

“I can’t help myself,” she said. “Ever since this afternoon all I can think about is you.”

I was going to say something to her when I noticed Jackson coming back. I know I must have looked like a cat that just ate the canary when he sat down and told Karla about the room. She listened intently like she wanted to know what was in there, and he talked like a kid that just seen his favorite comic book hero.

Then I heard the unmistakable sound of The Blizzard of Oz.

“ALL ABOARD HA HA HA HA HA HA”, echoed through the building.

And then the familiar riff of the bass guitar.

“YES! OZZY’S CRAZY TRAIN!” I shouted with a wild look in my eye.

Karla looked at me and said, “I didn’t know you liked The Blizzard.”

I just looked at her and said, “Hell, until a few days ago you didn’t know I worked in the same building as you. Besides there is a lot you don’t know about me.” 

She just gave me that sexy smile and bit her lip.

A few hours and a lot of beers later we decided to head for home. Jackson was smashed and in no shape to drive, so I half carried and half dragged him out to the car, opened it up and dumped his stupid drunken ass in the back seat. Karla climbed into the passenger seat and I got behind the wheel. 

By the time I was pulling out on the road she was beside me with her hand on my cock. I looked over at her and she just smiled and laid her head upon my shoulder. The trip home was uneventful, we didn’t see any police cars and I really didn’t weave as much as I thought I would. 

I pulled in to the apartment complex and whispered, “Karla, get up. We’re home.”

She looked up, blinked, and finally realizing that I wasn’t Jackson, she bolted upright in the seat and looked into the back. I almost laughed out loud because she scared herself. I reassured her that he didn’t wake up and that I was sure he slept all the way home. She gave me a light kiss on the cheek and got out. I walked around the car opened the passenger door, and looked in at Jackson.

“Leave his drunk ass in there,” said Karla.

So I looked down at him, put his keys in his pockets and shut and locked the doors. Karla and I went up stairs and I unlocked the door and let us in. Karla headed to Jackson’s room and I hurried my steps up, grabbed her by the arm, spun her around and started kissing her passionately. She dropped her purse, put her arms around my neck and returned the kiss.

My hands were on her back and I was rubbing up and down. Every time they would go a little lower down, until I had the hem of her dress up over the top of her ass and I was running my hand all over it. She grabbed the bottom of my shirt and pulled it over my head as I reached behind her and unzipped her dress. 

When her dress hit the floor I stood back and admired the beauty of this woman. I pulled her to me and pressed my hardening cock against her panty-covered crotch. I then pulled her bra up over her breast so I could feast on her pink and poutty nipples. They were rock hard and stood out almost an inch from her lovely breast. I bit and suckled one and then the other. I reached down with my right hand and started rubbing the silky material of her panties into her hot pussy. Her panties became soaked almost immediately and I looked up at her.

Karla smiled. “I’ve been wanting you to do that all night.”

I was leaning in to kiss her again when I heard a faint scratching noise. I stopped and listened and Karla stiffened in my arms. There it was again. As I mouthed the word Jackson, Karla’s eyes got big and she snatched up her dress and purse and headed for the bedroom. I picked up my shirt and rushed into my room and hurriedly changed into some shorts. I thumped the head of my cock so it would go down and I went to the door. I unlocked it, and yanked it open. 

There stood Jackson with his keys in his hand trying to figure out which one went to the door. He looked at me and gave me a drunken smile.

“Thanks Dar,” he said and then staggered into the door, banging his head on the doorframe. 

I stepped back and gave him some room. When he cleared the door I shut it and locked it again, and then helped him across to his room. Hell, he couldn’t even get that one open. I watched as Karla came to the door, still topless and in her panties and my dick twitched again. I turned and entered my bedroom and closed the door. 

I went and lay down but was unable to sleep because the girl of my dreams was right across the apartment sleeping in my roommate’s bed. Not to mention that my cock had gotten so hard from thinking of her that I could have hit it with a hammer and it wasn’t going down. I went into the bathroom, grabbed the latest issue of penthouse and jacked off to a girl that I was imagining was Karla. I was super charged up so it only took a couple of tight hard pulls and I was dumping my load on the porcelain sink. I washed the cum down the drain and went back to bed. Oh, that was better and soon I drifted off to sleep. 

I woke up the next morning with this terrible headache. My eyes hurt and I had a bad case of cottonmouth. I went to the bathroom to brush my teeth and get a drink of water. I stumbled back into my room and looked ate the clock 12:30. Damn I slept most of the day away. I got dressed and headed out of the apartment to get something to eat. I walked a few blocks and grabbed me a burger, fries and the largest Dr. Pepper they had.

When I entered the apartment, Jackson was sitting on the couch with a bottle of Advil opened on the coffee table and an Alka-Seltzer in his hand. 

“Hey, Jack.” I said in a normal tone of voice.

“SSSSHHHHHHHHHHH! Dar. Damn man not so loud,” he replied.

“I wasn’t loud you dip. That’s your splitting, HEADACHE FROM ALL THE BEER YOU DRANK LAST NIGHT,” I replied half-smiling.

“How did we get home last night?” he grumbled.

“I drove us.”

“You drove?”

“Yeah. Where's Karla?” I asked.

“Don’t know. I woke up alone this morning.”

“Do you want to watch the game with me?” I asked

“Yeah sure just not too loud ok” he whined

We spent the rest of the day on the couch watching TV and basically being lazy.

The phone rang about 4:30. 

“Hello?” I said.

“Dar, is Jackson home?” the angelic voice said through the phone.

“Yes he’s here, at least in spirit. He has a terrible hang over,” I chuckled.

I carried the phone over to him and told him it was Karla and sat back down.

They chatted for a few minutes, then he hung up. 

“She said that she was going to ride home from work with you tomorrow,” he said.

Another restless night of dreams filled with Karla. The ride to work was not the same. I kept having flash backs of the ride home Friday ... of Karla grinding her ass into my cock as we rode the bus home, of how wet her pussy was as I rubbed her to orgasm. By the time I got to work my cock was rock hard. It’s a damn good thing I wore jeans today. Those dress pants I wear would have looked like a boyscout campout.

I finally made my way to my office and put my stuff on my desk. I went and got a cup of coffee to jump-start the system. I wasn’t even back to my desk yet when the shit hit the fan, so to speak. My pager started going off, so I called the number and this guy in accounting was having problems connecting to our server. 

“All right,” I told him. “Let me check out the server and if that’s not the problem I’ll be in your office.”

I got his office number and hung up the phone. No sooner did I hang up than my pager went off again. This time a woman in purchasing was having the same problem. Two identical problems? Must be the server. 

I went back down into my office (or dungeon) and checked out the server, and sure enough we must have had a power surge or something over the weekend. I reset it and called everyone back and it worked fine. First problem solved on Monday and it’s not even 9:30 yet. I had to say that because the next 2 ½ hours were a blur.

If it could go wrong it did. That’s what I get for opening my big mouth. The rush was winding down and I looked at my watch 11:55, lunchtime. I had grabbed a sandwich from the deli on the way in so I made my way down to my office, and as I was walking in the phone started ringing. I was cussing all the way over to it and picked it up. 

“Tech help desk, Dar speaking”. 

A slight giggle came over the line. 

“You sound so serious,” said Karla.

The mood I was in lightened immediately. 

“Hello Karla, what can I do for you today?”

“You can eat lunch with me,” she replied in a husky voice.

“Well, I brought a sandwich. I can bring it up and we can share it.”

“No that’s ok, I’ll come down there,” she stated.

So I sat at my desk and waited for her. About 3 minutes later she walked in, and she was a knockout. She was wearing this beautiful long dress that went from her neck to her ankles. It had a slit in the front that went from between her legs at the ankle all the way to her left hip, like the dress was some kind of wrap. I don't know since I never shop for women’s clothes. 

She turned and shut the door, spun around and did something on her left hip. All of a sudden the dress just opened up all the way from top to bottom. 

I caught my breath. She was stunning. Underneath she was wearing a matching bra and thong of emerald green silk. My heart rate shot through the roof. I stood, or tried to because I fell against my desk facing her. She came to me and put one leg on each side of my thigh and moved up and lightly kissed my lips. I pulled her to me and wrapped my arms around her and kissed her passionately. 

I slid my hands under her dress and felt the heat of her body. Reaching up her back I unclasped her bra, pulled it off her shoulders and let it tumble to the floor. I pinched and twisted her nipples until they were like marbles in the palm of my hand. Then I licked my way down to the pink pebbles and took it in my mouth. I grabbed it with my teeth and got it all wet and then drew in a deep breath, so the cool air was rushing across her nipple. She stiffened and pulled my head to her breast. I moved across to the other nipple and repeated the torture. 

I stood up and placed her hands on the desk and then got down on my knees behind her and slowly pulled her dress up to her lower back and draped it across her hips. Reaching up with both hands and letting my fingers slightly touch her body, I slowly lowered her lacy thong to let it rest on her ankles. Then I slightly ran my tongue up the crack of her lovely ass, and back down again. 
