 I wrote this story as a celebration and reminder of the exciting four days I spent with a very special man. He taught me many things about love and he will always hold a special place in my heart. Love, Brianna

 Day One of…. "Our First Encounter"

As the car swung into the parking lot at the motel Brianna relaxed her nervous grip on the steering wheel. She looked at her watch and smiled. She had plenty of time to prepare for Mitch's welcome. He wouldn't be arriving for over an hour. She would place the vanilla scented candles near the bed, their gentle aroma just the right touch for a sense of the pleasures to come. She would quickly shower and change into her white suit. He would see just a hint of the purple velvet teddie peeking between the lapels of the jacket. Brianna felt the moisture creeping into her red satin panties as she thought about Mitch removing her jacket.

She swung her slender legs out of the car, started to unlock the trunk to retrieve her bags, then thought perhaps she should wait until she found out where the room was. It could be on the other side of the building. She might want to move the car closer to the room. 

Brianna walked up to the front desk. "I'm Brianna St.Claire. Mitch Taylor said there would be a key waiting for me," she told the desk clerk.

"Oh yes, Miss St. Claire. Mr. Taylor has been expecting you," the clerk smiled, what seemed to be a knowing smile.

"He's here?" Brianna's voice shook with the question. Oh my, she thought she had plenty of time to prepare, to calm down, to be ready for him. The time was here, now, only moments away… she would meet the tall, dark haired stranger she had come to love.

The clerk smiled kindly at Brianna sensing her excitement. "Yes, Miss, he's been here for almost an hour," she replied.

"He's early…He made very good time," Brianna managed to stammer. Her throat tightening from the nervousness which had managed to consume her thoughts over the past hour as she traveled to meet her lover for the first time.

The clerk handed Brianna her keycard and told her the room was about halfway down the main hall on the left. As Brianna looked down the hall, she noticed a man step out of a room on the left side of the main hall. Their eyes met down the expanse of the hallway. An excited tremor ran down Brianna's spine.  It was him. It was Mitch. She knew it, sensed it. He would recognize her from the picture she had sent him, taken on Thanksgiving Day. But she had never seen him yet. All of her senses told her it was Mitch. She stood frozen at the desk watching as he walked toward the pool area and sat down at a table.

She smiled and thought to herself, Feet don't fail me now! 

She began walking down the hall toward their room. As she neared the place where he was sitting, she could feel his eyes on her, drinking in every move she made, watching her nervously finger her blonde curls. She could read the plea in his eyes.

Your safe, it's me love, don't run away.

Their eyes held each other as she drew closer. She knew those big brown eyes. They spoke to her all the words of love he had given voice to over the months they had conversed. A few more steps and she would walk past him. What should she do? Should she keep walking and see if he said anything? What if it wasn't Mitch? What if she said something and it wasn't Mitch?. Did she have the courage to possibly make a fool of herself? So many questions were racing through her mind.

His eyes told her he sensed her nervous dilemma. He turned toward her in his chair, his smile so illuminating she was about to melt right there.

"Would you like some help bringing your bags in, Brianna?" he asked.

"Mitch?" she whispered shyly. Her smile filling the room with warm sunshine.

"Hi Love!" he softly responded as he rose from the chair. His voice sounded so reassuring as he whispered their special greeting.

"I left my things in the car so I could check to see how close I was parked to the room," she mumbled as she stood there drinking in the site of him. Relishing in the nearness, her heart nearly pounded out of her chest.

"Let's go move your car. There's a spot next to my truck, right outside the door to our room," he said as he gently took her hand in his. He told her about his long, anxious drive rushing to meet her, as they moved her car.

Once inside their room, he set the bags down and slowly pulled her into his arms.

"Now we can have a proper greeting," he whispered as his lips descended on hers. Her arms encircled his strong, broad shoulders. One hand splayed through his thick brown hair. His hands played over her breasts, molding the soft gray sweater to her body. She could feel every shiny bead on the sweater pressing into her skin. His tongue pressed through her lips, exploring the warm recesses of her mouth. Their tongues danced and played with each others. His hands slid down to her ass. He pulled her against him, pressing his erection into her. Their kiss deepened, their tongues dueling as their desire grew almost out of control. Mitch started walking them toward the bed as they continued kissing and caressing each other.

He pulled her down on top of him as she softly moaned into his mouth. His hands explored her body. They whispered words of love to each other while their hands slowly memorized every contour of each other's still fully clothed body. Mitch broke their kiss and stood up.

"I'm burning up. I have to get rid of these clothes. I hope you don't mind," he chuckled. How she loved his wickedly sexy laugh which he knew drove her crazy.

"Let me help you," she responded as she rose to her knees and pushed his shorts down. His erection sprang from his shorts. She could feel the color rise in her cheeks as she marveled at him. How she wanted to feel his cock plunging inside her. But she knew him, knew he wanted to take his time pleasuring and arousing her….building Brianna's desire to a feverish pitch. He had told her he wanted to take it slow or at least try to the first time.

He laid back down on the bed next to her resting his head on one hand, gazing at her, smiling, watching her expression as his other hand stroked her breasts. He slipped his hand under her sweater…so warm. His fingers gently slid across her breast, just under the lacy edge of her bra, his thumb stroking over her hardening nipples. She arched her back and pressed her breast into his hand. He stroked and pulled on her nipples until her sighs and moans told him she needed more.

His hand moved down her tummy. He could feel the heat and moisture of her womanhood through her tight leggings. He slipped his hand inside her panties and moved his fingers to her swollen clit. His fingers gently pinched the hard bud and he smiled as he listened to her heavy breathing. He felt her moisture coat his fingers as he rubbed across her shaved pussy lips.

"Mmmmm," he moaned as he dipped one finger into her waiting, wanting pussy. Her hips arched up off the bed.

"Oh, Mitch," she moaned as she began to pump against his probing finger. He continued his loving assault on her clit until he knew they both needed more. With that, he began to remove her clothes….first the soft shimmering sweater, then the leggings.

"Ooooh!" he gasped when he saw her lying there in her red satin bra and panties. "You look good enough to eat Brianna," he whispered. 

His arms went around her back and he pulled her up to him, kissing her sweet, pink lips as he unfastened her bra. He tossed it on the floor to join their growing pile of discarded clothes. His mouth inhaled one hard, pink nipple. His tongue flicked at the hard bud. Her moans filled the room. He smiled remembering her telling him how sensitive her nipples were. He moved one hand back down to her panties, caressing her through the now soaked satin. Momentarily releasing his grip on her nipple, in one swift move he slid her panties down her hips, raining kisses down her thighs as he slipped them over her ankles and tossed them on the floor.

He kneeled at the foot of the bed gazing at her, listening to her soft moans, almost like a kitten purring. He pulled her knees up and parted them displaying her smoothly shaved pussy for his view. He lowered his head and dipped his tongue down to taste the creamy softness of her wondrous femininity. His tongue flicked across her clit sending waves of sensuous pulsation's through her body. She thrust her hips upward pushing her throbbing pussy in his face.

"Oh yes, baby, yes!" she moaned. 

Mitch continued flicking his tongue back and forth across her pink swollen clit. Brianna's moans and squirming enticed him to continue eating her out. He sucked on her hard bud then tongue fucked her, tasting her creamy cum. She was bucking and writhing, her thrusts matching the probing of his tongue. He slipped one, two fingers inside her steamy hot hole, finger fucking her while he sucked on her sensitive clit.

"Ooooooh Yessssss! Ooooh Mitch!" she screamed as her female cum bathed his tongue and face, splashing on his cheeks. spewing down his chin.

What the Hell, Mitch thought as she continued splashing his face with her hot cum. He was momentarily startled. He'd never experienced anything like this before. Jeez, he'd heard of female ejaculators but good lord, to be holding one in his hands! 

To be bathed by Brianna's creamy nectar was more than his control could take. Raising his head, he moved up between her legs. He couldn't hold back any longer. He had to feel her tight pussy wrapped around his swollen shaft. He tried to enter her slowly, to prolong the torturous pleasure, slowly easing his cock into her tight, wet pussy, then slowly drawing it out so the head was barely touching her pussy lips. She arched up against him wrapping her legs around him, pulling him into her, wanting, needing to feel his pulsing cock buried deep inside her. He kept up the slow in and out movement, ignoring her whimpers, wanting to prolong their first mating.

Try as he might, he couldn't keep up with the torment of fucking her slow. After so many months of anticipating this moment, he needed to fuck her, really fuck her hard and fast. The sweet, gentle loving would come later, but for now he needed, no, they needed to feel his cock pounding into her. She met him thrust for thrust. Her tight slit clenched his engorged cock milking him, enticing him to cum in her.

"Cum in me, cum in me Mitch," she moaned. Her tight pussy gripped his throbbing cock. He pounded into her harder, faster. His seed was ready to explode from his balls. With one final hard thrust he felt his balls tighten sending his jizz deep inside her as he felt the liquid heat of her orgasm flowing out over his cock, mixing with his own juices, dripping down her ass.

His heart was pounding in his chest as he lowered himself next to her and cradled her in his arms. He kissed her and she tasted her womanly moisture on his lips.

"Next I want to share our nectar with each other. I want us to suck each others cum and taste it on each others tongues," he breathlessly whispered in her ear. His somewhat nasty talk sent chills of excitement through her. She'd known from their chats that it was going to be good between them, but she had no idea just how fucking awesome their lovemaking would be. When he told her how much she'd cum on his face, she blushed. She'd never cum like that before, never had so many orgasms.

"This is only the beginning, love. I want to make you cum again and again. I love having you bathe my face with your sweet cream," he said while grinning at her.

Brianna's fingers gently stroked his cheek. Mitch felt her love for him in her caressing touch…saw the glow of love and desire in her sparkling blue eyes. When she looked up into his eyes and smiled he felt his balls tighten.

"I Love You, Mitch," she breathlessly whispered.

His throat tightened from the overwhelming emotions his lovely lady instilled in him. 

"I Love You, my precious Bri," he sighed.

Brianna felt the stirrings in his cock as it pressed into her thigh. She moved slightly so he was pressing against her pubic bone. She rocked her hips back and forth across his semi-hard member, eager to feel him become erect again.

Mitch started to raise up as if to mount her again. Brianna pushed him back on the bed. She kissed his lips and whispered, "Let me pleasure you love. I want to taste you."

She straddled his body, her little round ass cheeks wiggling in his face as she lowered her mouth to his manhood. Her tongue swirled around the head of his cock, licking the remains of their previous union.

"Mmmmm, we taste good," she purred.

Her tongue lightly flicked up and down the length of his swollen shaft while her fingernails gently grazed his balls. Taking just the head in her mouth, she swirled her tongue underneath the ridge, searching for the sensitive spot, wanting to give him as much pleasure as he had given her. She sucked him deep in her mouth, the head of his cock hitting the back of her throat. Her head moved up and down as she continued deepthroating his stiff organ. Her fingers circled around his thick member, jerking him off while she gave him a blowjob.

"Oh yeah, baby," he gasped. He could feel his seed boiling in his balls. The fragrance of her perfume and her sex filled the air around him. He wanted to feel her nectar flooding his mouth again.

He pulled her hips toward him, moaning as she continued licking and sucking his stiff, throbbing cock. He let out a low growl when she gently sucked his balls into her mouth, her tongue teasing them while her fingers circled around his shaft, jerking him off. He nestled his tongue in her slit and sucked on her sweet swollen clit, gently grazing his teeth over the hard little bud.

Brianna licked around the ridge of Mitch's cock-head. He could hear her gasping and feel her hot breath blowing on his engorged tool. Her tongue flicked faster under the ridge as he sucked her clit into his mouth.

"I'm sucking your clit as if it were a little cock," he told her.

"Oh, Mitch! I'm gonna cummmm," she screamed.

"Cum for me, love! Flood my face with your juices," he fairly growled, as she ground her pussy in his face.

He moved one hand between her legs, stroking her smooth, shaved pussy lips before inserting a finger into her sopping wet hole. He fucked her with his finger while he continued his ministrations with his tongue on her clit.

Moaning and bucking, she felt the heat pour from her as she flooded his tongue and face with her orgasmic juices. Again and again she felt the liquid heat gush from within her as her orgasms rocked her entire being.

"Oh yeah, baby," he moaned, "Fuck my face!" His tongue lapping at the thick sweet cream oozing from her cunt.

She tried to concentrate on giving him a blowjob, but it was sooo difficult when she could hear and feel him sucking her juices from deep within her womb. She wanted to make him cum…wanted to feel him cum in her mouth. He was so hard, his cock pistoning in and out of her mouth.

She reached one hand down between his legs and gently squeezed his balls. Will this do it? she wondered. Will this bring him over the edge? she asked herself.

Mitch groaned and lifted her off his now pulsating cock. He moved to stand at the end of the bed. He looked into her questioning eyes, smiled then pulled her into his arms for a long, deep kiss. They momentarily lost themselves in devouring each others mouths, their tongues dueling and dancing.

Then Mitch released his hold on Brianna and spun her around so she was facing away from him. When he placed his hands on her hips and pulled her toward him, she knew what he had in mind…doggiestyle… her favorite position!

He thrust into her hard and fast. Pounding his cock into her steaming hot pussy. She rocked back to meet his thrusts, enveloping his stiff sword with her tight pussy, then clenching her muscles around him as he withdrew. In and out, in and out, faster, deeper, harder he slammed into her.

"Yes! Yes! Ooooh Mitch, Fuck me baby. Oooh! God I love feeling you buried deep inside me. Don't stop…please baby, don't stop!" she screamed.

Her moans and screams ricochet off the walls and brought their excitement to a fever pitch. He pumped into her faster feeling her pussy contract around him. He placed his hands on her ass cheeks pulling her hard against him.

He felt her grip on his cock tighten, then the wonderful sensation of her hot, creamy cum pouring over his cock. He kept up his pace, pumping into her steamy hole. The sound of their fucking making a sucking sound as her cum bathed his cock, dripping out over his balls. One more thrust, "Aaahhhh," he moaned as he shot his load into her. He could feel it hitting the walls of her womb.

He pulled her tight against him as he pumped his seed into her. He felt another orgasm shake her body and her wetness seeping from between them, running down her legs. He placed a finger in her pussy to wipe up some of her juices then brought his finger to his mouth.

"Mmmm, you taste yummy," he chuckled, licking the sticky sweet moisture from his finger.

"And you feel wonderful, my love," she purred.

"I think perhaps we should get cleaned up, dressed and check out the restaurant. We need to replenish all the fluids you've lost," he whispered before taking her lips for another kiss.

The hotel restaurant was nearly empty. Mitch chose a secluded corner table where they could snuggle close to each other without being watched by any other guests who might decide to dine late. They both chose something lite to eat, not wanting to be overly full so late in the evening. They talked and laughed throughout the meal.

Brianna loved the way Mitch made her laugh. She relished in the fact he enjoyed laughing over silly nonsensical things the same way she did. How she loved to hear him laugh. He has such a naughty, sexy laugh, she thought.

After dinner they strolled hand in hand back toward their room, taking a detour around the pool. Brianna leaned down to swish her hand in the water.

"Mmmm, it's warm," she said.

Mitch stood still, watching her ass wiggle as she bent down to play in the water.

"Hehe..Yes, I know," he chuckled. "Oh were you talking about the pool?" he asked innocently.

She smiled up at him. A wicked, devilish, sexy smile, which told him she wanted him as much as he wanted her. It was time to get back to their room.

"Did you bring any of your lingerie with you?" he asked after putting out the Do Not Disturb sign and locking the door.

"I brought a few things I think you might like," she replied with a grin. "Would you like to see some of them now?" she asked.

"Oh yes! Please model something for me," he whispered in her ear as he rained kisses down her neck.

"Why don't you get comfortable and relax while I change clothes," she told him.

Brianna picked up her bag and carried it to the restroom. Closing the door so he couldn't peek, she undressed quickly. She pulled out a long, sheer white nighty, trimmed in rows of lace. It had a bustierre top which laced up the front from her tummy to in between her breasts. She liked the way it made her breasts look as if they were going to spill out of the top at any moment. The skirt was cut-away in front, exposing her legs, and floor length in back.

Next she pulled on a pair of lacy white panties, then a pair of matching stockings. For the final touch, a pair of white toeless heels.

She stepped out of the restroom and walked slowly into the bedroom. She walked over to the bed, exaggerating the sway of her hips as she walked. She placed one foot up on the bed between Mitch's legs, allowing the skirt of the gown to fall away, to reveal her panties and stockings.
