 Girls, my name is Nancy and I have to tell you about an experience I had at work. I am a specialist who consults with teachers to improve the services for students with disabilities. One day I received a call to inform me of a new student that I was to see. I was given the phone number of his teacher, a guy by the name of Mark Lewis. Oh great, I thought, a guy teacher, how gay. Men teachers are usually dull, old and grumpy or gay. Girls let me tell you, I was in for the shock of my life. He was far from gay. He's all man!

I made arrangements to meet Mark and review the files for my new student. I walked into the room and thought to myself no way! This can't be the dull, boring lifeless teacher, can it? Let me tell you about him.

He stood about 5 foot 9, about an inch taller than me. He looked incredibly fit, maybe about 170 solid pounds. He had naturally tanned skin and his frame told the tale of many trips to the gym. You could see that he was an athlete, maybe just a weekend warrior but an athletic body nonetheless.

His hair was of that curly-wavy variety and built for running your fingers through. I later learned that he looked just as good after cutting all his hair off. His eyes were a devilish, bedroom greenish-brownish-hazelish color. He has a way of smiling with his eyes at times. Other times his eyes say to me: yes, I will devour you if given the chance. He has a way of looking deep into you.

His facial hair was a light stubble which gave him a rugged, tough guy appearance, yet his smile proved him a sweatheart. He was charming with just a hint of danger steaming off of his sexy body.

His shoulders gave the impression that he could carry you out of harm's way without breaking a sweat. His arms are built for hugging. Strong and sinewy enough to grip you like a vice but not obscenely muscular to the point where he can't wash his own back (although I wouldn't mind washing his back for him).

His chest is the perfect spot to bury your face in while he buries himself into you. Talking about his chest makes me wet so let's move on.

His legs and butt were built for running long long distances. Stamina personified was this beautiful man Mark.

Whew! What a man.

So in my travels to Mark's school I got to know him quite well. Even more so he got to know me. Remember those eyes that could look inside you? Well, he was doing that to me so subtly that I did not notice.

I had been having trouble at home and one day when we were alone, he asked me about my mood and before I could think I told him everything. Mark listened very intently and he understood what I was going through. This specimen of man was sensitive too? Oh my goodness, how is he not hit on day in and day out?

I found that he was married and had three kids to my disappointment.

Mark kept checking on me and his concern eventually pushed us over the edge. He sent me a Happy Valentines text message and from that day on he possessed a part of me that I forgot that I had.

We got into the habit of emailing and texting (500 in one week) and even talking on the telephone. His voice was deep, sensual and warm. During one of our conversations I told him that I liked his beard and haircut. It makes you look like a tough guy, I said. He replied: I am, I'm trouble, stay away, to which I said: Stay away? I wanna lure you into that storage closet in your room and have my way with you.

One day, I finally got my chance. We had been associating on this level for some time and I had to go to his school to drop off some materials. It was late and he was grading some papers. We talked for awhile and I gave him the files he needed. Then he noticed that I was down in the dumps again about my home life and he melted my heart by asking, How would you like an innocent, friendly hug?

yes I stammered breathlessly.

So he grabbed me by the hand. Wow his hands were soft and warm, yet strong. I felt safe. He guided me into the closet, making my wish come true. He turned and locked the door and he took me in his arms in a warm embrace. The feeling of relief was exquisite as all the stress of the day was squeezed out of me by my new friend. He gently rubbed my back and caused my heart to speed up when he ran his fingers through my hair. The friendly hug became so much more.

The embrace got tighter and our hands started to flow freely. I lost my composure and ran my hands up and down his strong back and took the liberty of squeezing his butt. He returned the favor. The way he grabbed my butt let me know that he could pick me up off the ground and just fuck me right there standing up. That opened the floodgates of my insides and I started to moisten.

He then pushed away from me slightly and peered into my wanting eyes with his own devilish eyes. The look was searing with passion and then he kissed me. Not a peck, a real kiss. My head spun trying to recall when I had last been kissed this way. It was amazing, I was the one being kiss feverishly but I felt like I was watching someone else from afar.

He ran his hands up and down my sides along my ribs and then he started to gently roll my nipples with his thumbs, making my whole body flush red. My nipples surged and meet his touch eagerly and I felt faint when he began to kiss my neck. The passion was heavy and it was hard to breathe but I felt safe and secure with Mark. He knew what he was doing and I wasn't going to stop him.

He turned away from me again slightly and put his hand on the small of my back to lead me to a chair that was sitting in the corner behind a file cabinet. He sat down and then he invited me down to his lap without one single words. He used his eyes. His eyes did all the talking. His eyes seethed with passion and they were hard to look at but impossible to turn away from. I sat on his lap cross-wise and I put my arms around his neck and planted my lips on his with an urgency that suggested total surrender. 

Our kisses became too much to handle without further exploration. He grabbed my hips and seemed to lift me up and around so that I was then straddling his. I was engulfed by lust and started to kiss his neck in a greedy fashion. I made my way down to his collarbone and I started to peel his shirt off. mmm, his chest and stomach were mine, mine, all mine.

I sucked his nipples and a gust of wind left his lungs. I've never known a man who liked that so much. Mark moaned and if it were not for his deep sensual voice, it reminded me of my own passionate, throaty orgasm. He was definitely liking this attention.

I scooted down a bit so I could kiss and lick around his belly button, teasing him with a preview of what was to come. I then made my move and received and nice reward in return.

I grabbed his slacks by the waist band and started to peel them off. His hips magically lifted, free from gravity and the pants came free from his slender hips. His cock sprang into view and I gasped.

It was perfect. It was not too big, certainly not small, good juicy thickness and shiny. His wonderful penis skin glistened with the same natural tan of his face. The mushroom head of his dick was so round and fat that it made my mouth water instantly and I wanted to bite it. I dared not of course. I grabbed his dick with one hand and he let out a delighted sigh of contentment. I stacked my other hand on top of that and there was still some of him left over for my mouth. I licked around the rim of his head a few times and when I took him in he responed with another grateful groan.

I slowly, carefully gulped his cock down my throat and just held it there for a moment while softly fondling his hot and heavy balls. I then bobbed my head up and down and used my hands to remove my clothes without breaking stride.

Mark was so pleased. He was obviously very excited but he remained very quiet and calm. His head rolled back and his eyes, those fiery eyes, disappeared while his mouth gapped open breathlessly. He seemed in shock from my attentions. He drifted off into his own blissful world and it made me proud to have such an effect on this wonderful man.

As my head bobbed and his balls got squeezed and caressed and fondled, his breathing started to pick up and his heartbeat raged. His sweet completion was imminent.

Next I slid down just a little more and took his nut sack into my mouth while continuing to pump his shiny, tall, organ with my hand. His cock started to swell even more. It was an incredible feeling as this shaft seemed so alive.It had a heartbeat of its own, it seemed to be breathing in and out with each stroke. It flexed and danced and swelled again and again and again and then with an amazing throb, his dick pulsed violently and started to empty itself all over us. On his stomach was a splash, on my arm a splash, in my hair a splash, and finally a nice little hot puddle of Mark on my hand as the rest cascaded out of him, relaxing him.

His moans and the spent expression on his face said it all.

He sat there for a moment with a dazed but pleased look on his face but snapped out of it when he realized that I was still there. Then he started in on me.

He pulled me up to him again and kissed me with deep passionate kisses. I'm not sure how it happened but somehow I ended up sitting and he was kneeling in front of me sucking on my rock hard nipples. It felt like shadow play because I swear every move I made on him earlier, he made on me. Copying me wasn't a bad thing either because the way he kissed my belly gave me butterflies.

Mark then made his way down to my soft brown bush and tenderly sucked on my clit till I thought I would faint. He inserted his tongue in me and I remember thinking: Oh god, how can his tongue be so long? Some dicks don't even feel that long. In and out up and around he went with his mouth and I was leaking all over his face. The aroma of sex was wafting through the air. Thank god the janitor had already made his rounds because that perfume has only one name: Fuckin'!

and I'm sure it seeped under the closet door. But guess what? I didn't care.

True to the shadow play, just like his did, my head rolled back and my eyes faded to white as he attended to me with his tongue lips and gently biting teeth. Then all of a sudden Mark was in me!

I didn't realize that he was getting stiff again. He raised himself up and inserted himself into my slippery swollen pussy with ease. This time my breath made a quick exit.

Mark started in me with long deep winding strokes that made my stomach clinch with pleasure. In and out and around and around he went stirring my insides with his cock. Then he gripped my hips roughly and pulled us together with all his might. His soft head nudged my cervix as his pelvis put pressure on my clit and swelled pussy lips. I was stuffed with Mark and I felt like I might be split down the middle. It was sweet sweet agonizing pleasure and I came with such velocity that my spasm was a bit painful to Mark's glorius organ.

I buried my face in his chest and I tried to catch my breath. Girls, he is so sensitive and so attentive that he just held me there and let me collect myself. He remained hard and he stayed tucked into me as deep as he could.

Then he withdrew his hips and allowed that long cock of his to slide out. It was coated with me and I let out a delighted giggle when I saw it.

Mark then grabbed me by the elbow and led me up on my feet. He put his hand on the small of my back. How does he know just where to put his hands? He rotated us into a different position and kind of slid behind me to sit down all the while keeping his hands on my back. With his hands on my hips he pulled me down onto his organ. I sat down willingly as I felt his mushroom push open my lips and enter me again. The heat between us was incredible. Sweat poured down my face, my chest and stomach and it trickled down the sack of his nuts, tickling him so that he let out a little laugh.

I started a steady, slow grind on his lap and our pulse quickened as if we were one. He squeezed me hips in those hands of his and assisted with my rise and fall, my ass bouncing his balls. The slapping sound of our bodies was raunchy but I couldn't stop if I wanted to. He reached around me and squeezed my nipples and palmed my crotch with his big meaty hand. The pressure he put on my clit and lips felt like pushing and pulling at the same time, damn, a vaccuum even. His palm was sucking at me as he flexed his hand and wrist. I have never felt anything like that in my life.

I slammed down on his cock again and again until I felt another storm rising in my guts. The pulsing and clinching started somewhere in my spine and I felt like I was strapped to a rollercoaster against my will and my stomach was being turned inside out.

Mark felt my cervix dancing and my pussy gripping and letting go, gripping and letting go. Oh! Mark and his dick knows me so well because as I reached the finish line, Mark met me there with a gusher of his own. He stretched my insides first with his ballooning cock and then flooded me with another dose of his essence. We came together with such force that the plastic chair we were in leapt off the floor.

We continued our victory dance, although slower, till the pulsing of his dick and the clinching of my pussy subsided. We exchanged dozens of sighs, moans and groans before his dick softened and slowly oozed out of me.

Well, that's the story of how I met a not-so-dull, and definitely not gay male teacher and fucked his brains out. What do you think girls? If you could meet him you'd think the same thing I think:

He's all man.