 I close the door to Carrie's room and step into the hallway of the women's dormitory. I'm not sure what time it is, but I know it's past curfew. I don't see anyone around so I start walking down the hall to the exit. 

There was a small party in Carrie's room, but it broke up a while ago and I was left with her and my roommate Ben. Ben and Carrie started making out and looked like they were about to screw right in front of me, so I decided it was time to leave. 

I slide my hand lightly along the wall to keep myself upright as I walk down the hallway. I've had a good bit to drink tonight. We drank shooters of pure grain and Kool-Aid. It's going to be a long walk back to my dorm.

As I'm staggering down the hallway I can hear some loud music coming from a room ahead of me. The music is loud and heavy, nothing like what I normally hear in a college dorm. I stop when I get to the room that's playing the loud music. It sounds like a death metal band that I like called Disincarnate. I can't believe somebody is listening to that here. I stand there listening for a while, staring at the door, trying to figure out who might live in that room. Then, the door swings open.

"What the fuck do you want?" the girl who opened the door says to me. I stare at her, surprised to see her. I recognize her from around campus.

"Nothing. I was just listening to your music," I reply.

"If it's too loud for you, that's tough shit, because I ain't turning it down," she says and crosses her arms under her ample breasts. I've seen her around and have wanted to meet her. She's very tall at about 5'10". She has long, badly died blonde hair with black roots and streaks of black showing through. She has several earrings in each ear ranging from her earlobe to the top of her ear. Another ring hangs from her right eyebrow. Her skin is very pale. She's wearing a long black Iron Maiden t-shirt that reaches down to mid-thigh. I glance down at her bare legs. Her legs are long and firm. 

I look back up to her face. "No, it isn't too loud. I was actually enjoying it," I blurt out, hoping it's not too obvious that I'm checking her out. She stares at me, her eyes closed to slits.

"You were?" she asks, and tilts her hips to the side to lean against the doorframe.

"Yeah," I reply, starting to feel bold. "I like Disincarnate. Hell, I like any band Murphy has been in." 

"Me too," she says.

"And," I continue, "I like Iron Maiden too." I point to the long shirt she's wearing. "I saw them on the Fear of the Dark tour last year. They were awesome." I start to sway and reach my hand out to the wall to steady myself.

"Yeah, I saw that too," she says. "That's where I got this shirt." She motions to her shirt. I notice her large breasts pushing through the shirt. She bends her right leg, crossing the foot over her left foot and the shirt rises slightly. Her thighs are firm and round, the skin smooth and pale white. I can feel my cock getting hard in my pants. "Well," she says suspiciously, "It's past curfew. You sneaking out of some girl's room?" I notice the stud pierced through her tongue.

"Kind of. There was a small party down in Carrie's room, but I think her and my roommate needed some time alone," I say to her, letting her know that I'm unattached and interested. I reach my hand out to her. "I'm Mike."

She grabs my hand and pumps it once. "Michelle," she says, and releases my hand. Her eyes look at my face then drop slowly down my body and then back up to my face. Was she checking me out? "You know, Disincarnate is coming to town next weekend. I was thinking about going, but can't find anyone to go with. I didn't think there were any metal fans at this college. Are you interested?"

I'm surprised at first. I've never had a girl ask me out before. "Sure," I stammer, trying to not sound too anxious. "Yeah, that'd be great."

"Good," she says, "It's Friday night at 8:00, pick me up at about 7:30, okay?"

"Okay," I stutter, still a little shocked.

"Alright. Maybe you better go before the R.A. catches you, Mike. See you Friday." She turns to close the door. I look down at her butt curving out from the shirt and the back of her bare legs. She hesitates and looks back at me over her shoulder. I look up quickly. 

"Yeah, see you then, Michelle," I stutter, hoping she didn't see me ogling her. 

She gives me a half-smile and closes the door. I turn and stumble down the hallway to the exit. I can't believe a girl asked me out, a girl who is not only hot, but likes metal. All the way back to my dorm, I'm thinking about her and wishing Friday night was here already. When I get to my room, I fall onto my bed and pass out immediately. 

Friday takes a long time to get here. I've seen Michelle a few times around campus, but haven't had a chance to talk to her again. Now that Friday night is here and I'm walking to her room I'm feeling nervous. I'm wondering if she's really interested in me or is just looking for someone to go to the concert with and she just happened to meet me. She may just want a guy to go with because these concerts can get pretty rough. I am a large guy and can handle myself fairly well. I'm 6'3" tall and weigh just over 200 pounds. I have what my roommate Ben calls bulk muscle. He has what he calls cut muscle. I say I have real muscles and he has girl muscles. I can lift more than him on anything in the weight room. But girls always seem to go for him before me. Also, my size and my thick, long brown hair probably scare a lot of girls away. I think that girls may be intimidated by me. That's why I'm surprised that Michelle asked me out and that's why I'm guessing she probably just wants me there for protection. My hopes are sinking fast as I approach her door and knock. It's a bit before 7:30, but I like to be early. 

When she opens the door Slayer's War Ensemble blasts from her room. "Hey Mike, you're early," she says. "Come in and wait. I'm almost ready." I'm completely stunned by her. She's wearing a really short black leather skirt. Black garters are sticking out from the skirt, clasping the black fish net stockings that stretch down her legs and into the black leather boots. The black cutoff shirt with Mercyful Fate scrawled across it stretches tightly across her breasts and reveals her flat stomach with a sun tattoo encircling her pierced belly button. Her hair is teased out and curled. She's wearing dark makeup on her lips and around her eyes. 

She is holding the door open, waiting for me to enter the room. I step through shyly. She closes the door behind me. "Have a seat. I'm almost ready," she says and motions to a chair at her desk. I turn the chair around to face the room and sit in it. She walks over to the mirror and continues to put on makeup.

"Damn, Michelle," I say. "I feel underdressed." I'm just wearing a pair of ripped jeans, an old black Harley shirt, and my black combat boots. 

She glances over at me. "You look great to me," she says and smiles wickedly.

"No, you look great," I say suggestively. I want to stand up, walk over to her, and wrap my hands around her bare abdomen. I keep myself in the seat, knowing she'd hit me if I even tried that.

"Thanks," she says. "I don't get out to a good concert much so I like to have a good time when I do." I sit back and admire her as she leans towards the mirror to put on her makeup. Her skirt barely covers her ass and the revealed skin of her thighs looks enticingly smooth and firm. Her bare back is arching slightly making the muscles stretch under the skin. I squirm in the chair trying to find a good way to sit so that my hardening cock is not obvious. I continue tapping my foot as War Ensemble ends and Blood Red begins.

"This album is awesome," I say. "Almost as good as Reign In Blood."

"It's better," she says and steps back from the mirror. She grabs a long silver necklace with an inverted cross hanging from it and drapes it around her neck. "I'm glad I met you." She pulls her hair out of the necklace. "It's good to find someone who likes real heavy music for a change." She turns around. The inverted cross hangs deliciously between her breasts. She wraps a studded bracelet around her left wrist. "I'm so tired of this alternative bullshit. If I hear Pearl Jam one more time I'm gonna kill someone." 

"I know what you mean," I say. "My roommate listens to that shit all the time. I play Metallica's Kill 'Em All just to piss him off."

"God," she says, "Don't even get me started on those sellouts. That damn Black album sucked. I couldn't believe it when I first heard it." She puts on a small black leather jacket. "I threw away the tape after I heard it the first time. But, I guess everyone needs to make money."

"Yeah," I smile at her, barely listening to her because I'm too busy trying to keep my eyes from wandering over her body. 

"Alright, I'm ready," she says, "Let's go." I stand up and open the door. I hold it open for her to walk through. As she passes me her hand gently slides along my ass. My head turns to her as she walks past me. "Just seeing how tight those jeans are," she says and waits for me to close the door behind us. She locks it and we start walking to my car.

"And?" I ask her.

"The jeans are pretty tight, but not as tight as the ass underneath them," she answers and her hand reaches out to pinch my ass playfully.

"Well, how about yours?" I ask.

"What about it?" she asks back.

"How tight is it?"

"I don't know. You tell me." I look over at her as we walk side by side down the hallway, her eyes challenging me to do it. I reach behind her and lay my hand softly on her butt. I caress her firm, rounded ass through the skirt, my hand sliding down from her lower back down to cup the lower part of her butt.

"Feels good to me," I say and remove my hand. 

"I'm glad you approve," she responds boldly. I open the exit door for her and she walks through the doorway. This time her hand reaches up to slide along my chest as she walks past me slowly. I close the door behind us and then step beside her as we walk into the parking lot.

"And?" I ask her.

"Nice chest too," she says.

"I'm glad you approve," I say back to her. She turns her head to look at me with an impish grin.

"And what about my chest?" she says. She stops walking and turns to face me. She's so tall and her boots are so high that I'm almost looking her in the eyes. The cutoff shirt is pulled tightly over her large breasts so that the neck is wide open revealing the top of her chest.

"Looks good to me," I say. She frowns at me and places her hands on her hips.

"Aren't you going to even touch it?" she asks. I look around and see some people walking to and from the parking lot. "Well?" I shrug and reach a hand up to her chest. I slide my hand from the cool skin at the top of her chest down across her right breast, over to her left breast, brushing her nipples softly, and then along the bottom of each breast. Her eyes close slightly as she watches me.

She steps towards me and wraps her arms around my neck. My hand slides around her side to her back under her jacket. She presses her lips to my lips and opens her mouth to kiss me deeply. I kiss her back and my other hand moves around her back. I feel her tongue stud rubbing against my tongue. My hands are lying against her bare lower back. She pushes her body against me, her hands sliding down my back. I feel the swell of her breasts rubbing against my chest. I slide my hands down to her butt and grip it firmly, pulling her hips against me. I can hear footsteps approaching us and see two girls shyly watching us as they enter the dorm. Michelle pulls back from me and her hands glide down my bare arms. 

"Mmmm, good kisser too," she purrs. She grabs my shirt and pulls me after he as she walks to the parking lot. I'm completely turned on. I've never had a girl be so aggressive. Usually they are very timid around me, waiting for me to make any move. I definitely like the change of pace. 

I wrap my arm around her waist and lead her to my car. I open the door and watch her skirt slide up her legs as she sits in the seat. "Such a gentleman," she says as I close the door. I get into the driver seat.

"Of course, my parents raised me right," I say.

"Hopefully, you're not that much of a gentleman," she says, staring at me lustily.

I start the car and start driving to the club. As I'm driving Michelle turns in her seat towards me, pulling her left leg under her, to stare at me.

"What?" I ask and glance over at her.

"Nothing," she says. She reaches her hand out and runs her fingers through my hair that is hanging loosely across my shoulder. "I love your hair. Most girls would kill to have your hair."

"Thanks, I guess," I say.

Her hand slides out of my hair and down to my shoulder, then down my arm as my hand rests on the gearshift. Her fingers grip my arm firmly as she moves her hand around my bicep and then down my arm.

"Your arms are huge," she says.

"I workout some," I say, shrugging my shoulders.

"I've seen you around campus before. I'm glad we finally met, Mike."

"Really," I mutter. I just can't believe any girl had noticed me. I glance at her. In the dark car I can see her skirt is pushed up very high on her thigh with her leg bent under her. "I didn't think any girl at this college would be interested in me." I turn back to the road, trying to not get distracted.

"Yeah, well, I'm not like other girls," she says. Her hand moves from my arm to my leg. She grips my thigh through my jeans as I push on the accelerator. "Strong legs too." My cock is pushing hard against my pants as her hand massages my thigh. Taking her cue, I remove my hand from the gearshift and place it on her knee. I glance at her to see if she objects, but her eyes are watching me seductively. Her hand moves higher up my thigh and to my waist. I slide my hand up her leg and along her inner thigh, feeling the stockings give way to the cool, smooth skin high on her thigh.

"Your legs are rather impressive too," I say. "Very firm." I squeeze her thigh firmly. Her hand moves across my waist and down to my groin. She pushes down gently, rubbing her palm along my hard, confined cock.

"You're pretty firm too," she says. Annoyingly, I have to remove my hand from her thigh to downshift as the traffic slows down when we approach the club. "It's nice to see your entire body is proportionally large," she says as her hand massages my cock harder through the jeans. I twist in the seat, trying to release the growing pressure. 

I pull into the first parking lot I see close to the club. She continues rubbing me as I pay the attendant five bucks to park. He looks into the car and arches his eyebrows. I shrug and drive into the lot. 

"I think he's jealous," I say to her. As I pull into the space and turn off the car, Michelle leans across the car and starts kissing my neck, her hand still rubbing my stiff cock. I reach my hand over and place it back on her bent leg and slide it up under her skirt, my fingers gliding along the strap of her garter. 

"I don't know if I can sit through the concert," she whispers, her lips brushing against my ear. My hand slips up her inner thigh until my fingers touch her thong underwear. I turn my head towards her and we kiss deeply, our tongues touching. She moans softly into my mouth as I rub her pussy through the underwear.

I hear a car pull up beside us and people get out of the car. They're yelling and being loud as we rub each other through our clothes. I reach my other hand out to cup her breast. The voices diminish as the people walk towards the club. I wonder if they saw us in here. 

She pulls her head away from me slightly, her dark green eyes looking into my face. "I think we should go now, or we'll never see this concert." She leans in to kiss me softly. "There will be plenty of time later." She releases her hand from my crotch. I slip my fingers inside her underwear and flick her clit quickly before removing my hand. "That was cruel," she groans and kisses me deeply again. Then, she turns to open her door and gets out of the car. I get out as well and stand up, willing my cock to soften so I can walk normally. 

As we start walking towards the club Michelle wraps her arm behind me around my waist. I reach my hand around her, under her jacket, and place it against the cool skin of her side. "Having some trouble walking?" she asks me and bumps her hip into me playfully.

"Yeah, I'm feeling a little stiff," I quip. She laughs and pats my ass. As we approach the club I notice the usual crowd for metal concerts; skinheads, punks, metalheads, and other assorted headbangers. Some of the girls are dressed as suggestively as Michelle, but none are as hot. I catch a few guys staring at her. They see me and turn their eyes away. 

I buy our tickets at the booth and we go inside the club. I can hear some band playing really bad, loud music. It must be some shitty local band opening up for them. 

"Let's go to the bar," I suggest. She nods and we go to the bar to wait for the show to start. I push our way through the crowd at the bar. I order us each a beer and we step to the side to drink them as the opening band finishes their set.

"I like to be up front," she says. "So we should go up to the stage before they start playing."

"Fine with me," I say. We talk as we drink our beers. She moves closer to me, trying to move away from the crowd. I put my arm around her and pull her to me. Our bodies are pressed together as the crowd pushes around us. She slides a hand up between us, her palm rubbing against my chest and stomach. I tilt my head down to her and smile. She reaches up and kisses me, her tongue probing my mouth. I flick her tongue stud playfully with my tongue. My hands move around to her front and inside of her jacket to lie against the bare skin of her stomach. I pluck her belly button ring lightly. She lifts her left leg up and wraps it around my butt. I grasp her thigh with my hand and hold it against me. She starts to grind her hips into me, moaning erotically against my mouth. I slide my hand along the rough fabric of the stocking to the smooth skin of her thigh and around to grasp her ass, my forearm pressing against her leg. I can hear people standing around us and walking past us as they talk, shout, and yell. I grind my pelvis back into her and slide my hand under her butt, my fingers searching for her pussy. I slip my fingers under her thong and start gently stroking her labia. Then, I hear someone doing a sound check on the stage. She pulls her mouth away from me. She smiles at me, opens her eyes, and then licks my lips. "Let's go. We can get to the front of the stage." I slide a finger inside of her, gently stroking her wet cunt.

"If you're ready, then so am I," I say.

She grabs my hard cock through my pants. "I know you're ready," she says. She leans in and licks her tongue up my ear quickly before pulling her body away from me. My finger slips out of her as her leg slides down my leg back to the floor. I grab her hand and lead her to the front of the stage. I easily push my way through the small crowd to the stage. I lead her right up to the stage and put her in front of me. The stage rises up to her chest. "This is great," she yells back at me. "I love being right up on the stage to watch them play."

Just then the lights in the club go dim and some spotlights shine on the stage. The crowd starts to cheer as the band steps onto the stage. Michelle is yelling in front of me. Some of the crowd starts to push forward, pushing me against her, but I push back enough so that she doesn't get smashed into the stage. 

The music starts immediately. The band doesn't waste time talking or messing around, they just tear into the first song. The first song is fast and everyone up front is thrashing in place, pushing against each other, as they bang their heads to the frantic beat. The crowd behind me forms into a circulating pit, guys twisting and turning in a large circle, bashing into each other and pumping their fists. The crowd is a good metal crowd, nobody looking for fights or throwing elbows. These are real metal fans who just want to thrash, expend some energy, and have a good time. I look up at the band playing on the stage, rising above the crowd. 
