 I am out for my regular morning walk. I'm pretty regular at doing that because it keeps me fit, in a way. I'm usually out by six. There aren't many people out, and I walk a route where I don't meet many others or go by very many houses. There are a lot of fields and woods and a lot of privacy.

Ahead of me I can see a figure also walking, seeming to stride along pretty vigorously. As the person comes a little closer I can see it is obviously an attractive woman. She's wearing a bright yellow shirt with long sleeves and what appears to be lycra-type pants that hug her legs down to her ankles. Whatever she has on under the shirt makes her breasts stand out, reminding me of headlights coming at me. She is lithe, long-limbed, and quite slender. As she moves her head I can see her hair is very long. She appears to be in her thirties perhaps. That's a few years younger than me.

As we approach she's smiling in a very friendly way. I apparently cannot hide my fascination with her breasts showing and jiggling so obviously.

"Good morning," she says. "Like what you see?"

We're stopped at a place where a trail leads back into a stand of trees. We're out of sight of any homes.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, you're staring at me as if either something's wrong or you like something."

"Want me to be honest?"

"Of course!"

"Well, to be honest, I was looking at your breasts. Your top makes them pretty prominent."

"Really? And you like that?"

"Yes, really, and yes, I like that. I mean, after all, I am a male. I'm sorry to be so obvious in my admiration for what appears to your lovely figure."

"Oh, I don't mind, I don't mind at all." She smiles.

"Do you mind if I ask a question?" I decide to be bold.

"Go ahead. What do you want to ask?"

"Your breasts," I start. "Are you wearing a bra, or are they so perky naturally? My guess is you're not wearing a bra."

"Oh, no, I never wear a bra," she laughs as she pulls her top up to show me. Indeed her tits are lovely, slightly pendulous in a very erotic sort of way, nice mounds that make my hands suddenly ache wanting to hold them and tipped with centered pale brown nipples that make me salivate. She holds the top up, obviously enjoying my appreciation of her accoutrements. The moment seems to go on forever.

"Very nice," I finally whisper. I feel as if I can't possibly speak in a clear, loud voice just now.

"May I ask you something?" she asks.

"Certainly!"

"Do you like to fuck?"

"What?"

"I asked if you like to fuck?" She's looking very mischievous with a huge smile on her face and clear, shining eyes.

"Well, sure."

"Would you like to fuck me? Now?"

"We don't know each other!"

"So?"

I'm speechless.

"Isn't it dangerous? Aren't you afraid that I might be carrying something infectious?"

"No," she says. "I've learned that the kind of person who does what you do-and I've watched you for several weeks now as you walk this road-generally isn't into unhealthful and risky things. I'd like to fuck you, and if you want, there's a pretty little grove a couple of minutes away up this path. I love sex outdoors and this is a perfect day to do it."

"You really want to do this?" I ask.

"What do you think? Do women come on to you like this and then at the last minute tell you they didn't mean it?"

"Women don't come on to me like this."

"Think about it."

I stand staring at her. She's still holding up her top and I'm still staring at her boobs.

"Okay," I say. "If you're serious, let's do it."

"Great!" she laughs, dropping her hands, turning and leading the way up the path off the road. The lane has a few twists and pretty soon we're out of sight of the road. A hundred yards or so further and we are in a grassy area with the sunlight beaming down. She walks to the center, stripping her top off as she walks. She turns to face me.

"Take off your clothes," she says. "Fucking should be done completely naked." She's pushing her pants down her legs. I can see she isn't wearing any panties. Her pussy is trimmed very neatly, bare at her pubes with the smallest sort of fur just above it. Her ass is perfect for my taste. 

"Well? Are you just going to stand there and stare or are you going to get naked? I want you to be naked when you fuck me."

I move quickly. I'm out of my walking clothes very quickly. My pecker is jutting upward at a forty-five degree angle.

"Nice!" she giggles. I feel she likes my dick. I certainly like her narrow-waisted figure Her ass flares out in a womanly fashion without being pillowy.

She walks over to me and puts her arms around me. I put my arms around her. Her tits flatten against my rib cage very erotically. My hands move of their own volition down over her ass. I squeeze her there. She pushes her groin against my cock very firmly, and then grasps it lightly with her hand. It feels as if her hand is made of air. We kiss. God, how we kiss! This woman is terrific!

"How about if we just fuck today?" she smiles gently at me. "Then, if we decide we like what happens today, then tomorrow and maybe other days we can do other things, like I can suck your beautiful cock or you can lick my pussy. I just want to let you know, though, that if you like anal, you're going to be disappointed. I don't do anal under any circumstances."

"Are you ready?" I ask, looking deeply into her eyes.

"God, yes!" she moans. She drops to the ground on her back, pulling me with her. Neither of us needs to guide my cock to the place where it belongs. I slide deep inside her and feel as if my dick has found its perfect home. I pause briefly and lower my lips to her boobs, alternately kissing and sucking on them for a couple of minutes.

"That's nice!" she says. "But fuck me, fuck me now. I'm ready for you to fuck me now. Your dick feels so good inside me and I want you to fuck me right now, please!"

The heat of the sun feels good on my back as I start to hump, sliding in and out of her channel. She rises to meet me on the in-thrusts, falls back as I pull back. I fuck her with long, slow impulsions. Gradually I pick up the tempo. After a few minutes I'm driving into her hard. She's grunting, mewling, sighing, her face grimacing with her effort. I feel her body shudder a few times, thinking she must be having mini-orgasms.

"I'm coming!" I say loudly, suddenly.

"Yes!" she says. "Fill me, fill me up!"

I release myself into her, feeling my gism spew deep into her body. I am locked hard inside her, trying to make my cock reach her brain, her lungs, even her toes. Her body rocks under me and she screams loudly, her sound echoing among the trees sounding almost like one of the hawks circling far above us. Suddenly I am drained. We hold ourselves together for a few more seconds, then I feel my dick wilting. Soon I fall out of her. 

I roll to one side.

"God, that was fantastic!" she says. "If I'd suspected you would give me this good a time I'd have been out after you weeks ago!"

"So you want to do it again tomorrow?"

"God, yes!" She yells out her desire.

"Shall I come to your house, then?"

"No! Here, in this grove, in this place. This is the place for it, not indoors, not in a confined place. Here, at the same time. I'll be waiting for you and I'll be naked! I love being naked. Some days it's all I can do to make myself dress."

"And if something comes up and one of us can't make it?"

"Then we simply go on and meet another day. There will be other days, I'm certain."

I lean over and lightly toy with her tits, sucking and kissing them. She sits up, twists and plants a kiss on the tip of my limp pecker.

"I want to do things to this sometime," she says as her hand squeezes my limpness. "But if you keep fucking me as good as you did today, I may not be able to for a long time. I've never been fucked as well as you did me just now. Now, I want to watch you dress and I want to watch you go away."

"And you?"

"I don't want to dress just yet. If I didn't think I'd be arrested, I would never dress again, especially not after what you just did to me. Come here tomorrow. I'll be waiting for you, I promise. Naked!"