 I walked into the clinic with a happy smile on my face. I had come to the clinic every day for the past 3 months. I had developed a really bad blood disease on my last trip to South America that required daily, painful treatments in the nether regions of my body. The blood treatments were almost at a conclusion. I was glad that it was close to being finished because the pain had been intense. On the other hand, when it was over, I wouldn't be seeing my favorite nurse any more. That would not have been such a big deal if I had not fallen in love with her. 

Her name was Karen. She was a 35 year old and blonde. She didn't possess a model's figure, but she was full-figured, not fat. She had a great set of tits and a comfortable looking ass. I thought she was one of the most beautiful women I had ever seen. She was kind, gentle and had a great sense of humor. Two flies were in this particular ointment jar. 1. I was married. 2. She was married.

She called me into the treatment room and I dropped my pants and boxers, lay down on the exam table and assumed the "Cosmo" position. She carefully started the treatment. The pain had largely subsided by this time. 

As we talked and joked, I thought I detected a bit of sadness in her eyes. I asked her what was wrong, but she just shook her head and said nothing. The treatment was over and I got my clothes on and prepared to leave. 

"Same time tomorrow?" she asked. 

"Yup. I hope you're feeling better then," I consoled.

I walked out to my car and drove slowly home. I walked through the back door and into the kitchen. I could hear strange noises coming from the entertainment room, so I walked slowly and quietly down the short flight of stairs to the center. As I peered around the door frame I could see my wife of 23 years bent over the pool table and a guy I had never seen before had his dick shoved all the way into her cunt. He was pounding her hard and she was moaning her enjoyment. 

"I'm not interrupting anything am I!!" I shouted. 

"Oh God!!!" she screamed. "It's Sam!!" 

The guy jumped back off her as I dropped him with a hard left hook. I'm no spring chicken, but I am 6'1" and weigh a muscular 205. He hit the deck with a thud. I turned to her. 

"Well, what do you have to say for yourself?" I demanded. 

She summoned up the courage to inform me that the guy, whose name was Bob, was her lawyer and that they would be living together from now on. 

"Get your ragged ass out of my house and don't come back!" I screamed. "When your new piece of shit wakes up, drag him out of here. I never want to see you again. Tell that shyster that if he tries to take anything out of my house through the courts, I'll kill him and you!"

She knew I wasn't kidding. She had seen me in action before. When her lover boy came to, she dragged him out stopping briefly to get her clothes together. He tried to get her to take more, but she saw me approaching and shoved him out the door. 

Great!! My entire life was now in a shambles. The woman I had lived with and had children with had turned into a major league slut. I was thankful that our 2 children were not here to witness their mother's fall into the pit. I staggered over to the bar and poured myself a double. As I sipped away (I'm not much of a drinker) I started to really think over my new situation. I decided that, in a way, I wasn't all that sorry. She hadn't given up any pussy in over a month, probably because of her new friend. I knew I had to rearrange my life. Luckily, being retired, it didn't present that much of a problem. The longer I thought about it and the more whiskey I sipped, the better I started to feel. I poured another double and trundled off to bed.

I woke up bright and early. The events of yesterday were still fresh in my mind. It was hard to believe how much had changed in the space of a few minutes. 

I called my lawyer and told him the story. He told me not to worry about it, that he would file the necessary papers and I would be shed of the bitch poste haste. That sounded good to me so I made myself a cheese omelet and contemplated the direction of the rest of my life. 

By the time I finished breakfast, I thought I had a pretty good handle on what to do and when to do it. Once again, the best laid plans of mice and men would fall to the machinations of fate.

I carefully prepared for the short drive to the clinic. I walked inside and was soon summoned to the treatment room.

Karen looked like death warmed over. As she completed her task, I asked her what was wrong. She said that nothing was wrong. 

I said, "Karen, I know you very well, and I can tell that something is making you very sad. Let me pick you up at lunch time and you can tell me about it. Maybe I can help." She reluctantly agreed to meet me at lunch.

I took her to a small Italian place and we had a very nice meal. 

Then I said, "OK. What is going on?" 

She looked at me with tears in her eyes. "Oh Sam," she cried. "My louse of a husband has been screwing around on me! When I got home last night, he told me it was over. I can't believe it!" 

"Karen, I'm so sorry! You have always been so good and kind, I can't believe that your husband is this much of an idiot." 

"You should have seen him, Sam. He had a big black eye and a split lip. He looked like he was happy, though. I offered to fix it for him but he said his new girlfriend would do it. I'm so unhappy. My life is over." 

Somewhere in the back of my mind, a little bell was ringing. When I realized what it was, I suddenly asked, "Is your husband by any chance a lawyer?" 

"Why, yes." She replied. "How did you know?" 

"I'm the one who split his lip. His girlfriend is my soon to be ex-wife!!!" 

"No!" she squealed. 

I asked her to dinner and she quickly accepted. This time we went to a little Greek place. The meal was great. We sucked up some Ouzo and broke a few plates. I was feeling better all the time. The midnight hour came and we were sitting in a little booth in the back of the restaurant. I looked across the table at her and gazed into her eyes. I knew in a flash that I was sunk. She knew it too. 

"I love you." I whispered. 

"Oh Sam, I love you too." She replied. 

"Come home with me." I pled. "We'll get all this marriage and divorce nonsense handled and press right on. I've got a really good lawyer. He can handle your divorce too."

Suddenly, my perfectly laid plans for the future shot out the door and were replaced with an entirely different set of plans that didn't even remotely resemble the old ones. They were much better plans.

She didn't even hesitate when I said, "C'mon. My package needs to be looked at." 

She smiled and said, "Luckily, I know a nurse who can do that for you." 

We jumped in my Jaguar and headed for the house.

I took her into the entertainment room and lit a fire in the fireplace. We briefly toured the house. She was impressed with our huge double-king bed. 

"Looks like fun." She said. 

Back by the fireplace, I held her closely into my arms. I looked deep, deep into her beautiful brown eyes. It was like I had stepped off the edge of the world. I tumbled, stumbled and fell to the rug in front of the fire, dragging her with me. 

As soon as I hit the rug, I was stripping off her blouse. She had on a sheer silk bra. I could see her nipples through it. My cock got so hard a cat couldn't scratch it. She ripped off my shirt. Buttons flew everywhere. Next went her bra and my tee shirt. Seeing her bare breasts was like some kind of atomic injection. I bent forward and kissed them softly, letting my tongue make a little wet trail from one nipple to the other. I grasped her left nipple between my lips and sucked hard. 

I heard her gasp with pleasure as she felt her nipple shoot a lightning bolt to her pussy. I switched to her right breast with a similar result. She was moaning and trembling in my arms as I kissed her deep and hard. Our tongues did a tango of love. Our mouth juices intermingled. I was in heaven. 

She stood up slowly and I removed her skirt. I stood up slowly and she removed my pants. I slid her panties all the way to the floor and she stepped gingerly out of them. Then she carefully removed my boxers. We stood nude in front of each other for the first time. 

As I beheld her passion flower, I remarked, "Your soon to be ex has to be a total idiot to give up this beautiful pussy for that raggedy gash of my ex's." 

She giggled and said, "I have seen yours many times at the office, but I never thought I'd get to use it!" 

She took a small step towards me and I enveloped her in my arms. We lay down on the rug. The fire was warm, but we took no notice of it. We did notice each other. I noticed that her nipples were hard and her pussy was very wet. She noticed that my cock was really hard and that a drop of pre-cum was dribbling out of the meatus. Unable to resist, I leaned forward and again sucked her nipple into my hungry mouth. She moaned and licked my ear lobes. 

Her hand slid down my stomach and she grabbed my cock. She started to slowly jack it. I kissed her deeply again and then started a glacial slide down her tummy until I came to her wet pussy. I bypassed her pussy and moved on down her legs to her feet where I worshipped, licked and kissed for a long time. In sucked her toes one at a time and licked the soles. Then I started back up her legs with my mouth devouring every inch of her. I pushed her legs all the way up in the air, leaned into her butt crack and licked her asshole. 

She jerked and said, "No, not there. It's dirty." 

"It is not dirty." I said. "It is a tasty little part of your body. I love all of you. Not just some parts." 

With that I slid my tongue into her asshole as she wriggled like a worm on a hook. I licked her perineum and started licking at the bottom of her pussy. Her juices were flowing freely now. They were like ambrosia. Sweet, a little salty. Totally yummy. I sucked up as much as I could and moved upward. I was sucking on her labia and had my tongue jammed into her vagina as far as it would go. When I popped her clit between my teeth, she bucked, squealed and came like a freight train. While she was writhing in the throes of passion, I slid up her body and placed the head of my cock at her door. 

"I haven't even given you anything." she complained. 

"Tonight isn't about me, it's about you." I whispered as I slid my cock into her. 

Considering the time she had been married, she was insanely tight. I immediately concluded that she didn't get much vitamin 'P' at home. She was moving around my cock at a really intense rate. It's a wonder she didn't break it off. I had not had any vitamin 'P' in quite a while so soon, I felt that feeling deep in my nuts that signaled the oncoming flood. 

"I'm going to be there soon!" I mumbled. 

"Do it in me." She said. 

I slammed it as far into her as I could and the flood gates popped open. I must have shot a gallon of cum into her. She groaned and continued cumming as my cock wilted inside her. I had never been so sated and happy in my life. This is the way it is supposed to be!! My cock popped out of her and I rolled off by her side. She had a big silly grin on her face. So did I. 

"We'll try some other stuff after we rest. You know that you have to call in sick or horny in the morning, 'cause we're not getting out of bed for at least three days." 

"I'm for that." She giggled happily.