 I knew her through the office of course, that and helping her manage and learn to use her computer in the facets of her new job. She was a quiet, slim, slightly mousy woman in her forties. Divorced, slightly bitter, but otherwise not the sort of person you'd look at twice if you passed her in the mall.

I was working on her computer's connection to the network. We'd had new network cabling carried out and while most of it was to a very high, extremely reliable standard we had had one or two machines where the connections were not as reliable as they should be. In the end we'd traced it to a very small faulty batch of wall-boxes - as there were only a few yours truly was replacing them rather than spending more of my company's money having it done professionally. I'm big hearted like that!

The only way I could get at the wretched box was to lie on my back under her desk, other than that it was shift a damned heavy desk having cleared all her kit off it first! I'm idle - I went for the easy way. Maggie hadn't been in the office when I started the work, one of the reasons for getting on with it, it really wasn't either a big or a long job. I slowed down when Maggie came back though, from where I was laid she really had rather nice legs - she normally wore trousers - today a skirt; prim and proper below the knee - but if you're lying on the floor looking up, it brings a whole new perspective onto things. She wore thigh highs as well as French Knickers. I giggled to myself - 'who'd have thought...'

Anyway the end result, what with the view just had and trying to minimise the bulge in my trousers, was I wasn't really paying as much attention as I should have been when I was getting out from underneath and I twisted my back awkwardly. Now if you're a lithe, fit 20 year old this is no big deal, however, if you're a fifty something, pre-wrinkly who really ought to know better than climb under ladies' desks, then it hurts.

I groaned inwardly and outwardly too I guess, as I straightened up and myself eased onto her chair. She turned to see what I'd done and saw the discomfort I was in.

"Sven, what's up?" she said, her voice and her expression showing her concern.

"Oh, don't worry Maggie, it's an old war wound," I joked and then stiffened as pain knifed at my back again.

I was sat sideways on her typist's chair, and she came over and moved behind me.

"Shhh - don't say anything..." and Maggie was holding my shoulder with one hand while running her other gently over my back. "Ahh - found it!" and she started rubbing a point on my back with the ball of her hand. "You've crossed a muscle over a rib," I was told by way of explanation.

Whatever - her hand was warm and soothing. Surpassingly, what had been a sharp and uncomfortable experience eased under her ministrations very quickly.

"Maggie - that's amazing," I said, "That's normally very uncomfortable for a day or two when it happens - where did you learn that trick?"

She blushed a little. "Can't remember," she said, a little defensively, "I'm a healer, I seem to have always been able to do something like it. As I've grown older," she grimaced a little at the word 'older,' "I've learnt to refine it and control it a bit better." Then she carried on, "you have a deep injury lower on your back," her fingers probed down my spine feeling the ridges through my shirt - she caught her breath sharply as she reached the lower end. "You broke your back a long time ago - you're very lucky, it should have paralysed you."

The latter as she now faced me, her hands on my shoulder.

I was startled. Yes I had broken my back some thirty and odd years earlier, but I'd certainly never told anyone in this Company. Letting Personnel know at a job interview that you've had a broken back in the past can do strange things for your future employment prospects.

Absentmindedly she said, "I need to give you a longer session of treatment for that," then more assertively, "what are you doing this evening?"

o - O - o

She had apologised when she gave me her address and mobile number, "Not a good part of the district..." was all she had said.

I understood now as I'd reached the end of the narrow road. I'd heard from someone else, not the usual office gossip you understand, that she had been in a business partnership with her ex - she'd trusted him and when the company crashed she found that he'd been milking it of money for years - that he was in gaol for fraud was of little consolation, in many ways she's been lucky to escape the same fate herself. Whatever, it now meant she lived in a trailer park in a not very wonderful part of town.

I parked up, got out, locked the car and set the alarms, before walking to her front door. I was shaken at the first sight of the person who opened the door to me. To say she had changed into something more comfortable could only be thought of as an understatement of the sort that would describe the Titanic as a minor shipping incident.

Maggie was wearing a see-through blouse and a much shorter skirt; both accentuated her slim figure well. She looked good, and my face was obviously worth her having gone to the trouble she had. She laughed gently, reached forward and closed my wide open mouth and asked me to "Come on in."

I've not mentioned Maggie's voice before, she has a low, quite sexy voice, suddenly now she had the appearance to match it. I followed that shapely rear up the front steps, closed the door behind me and caught up with her down the passage into her parlour. Let's just say that in the way of these places it was cosy. She'd made up for the drab exterior, by having a beautifully decorated interior, I glanced around as she spoke.

"Sven, have you ever been to a healer before?"

"Maggie, I have, several times, in fact enough times to know that you each have individual ways of working. What's best tonight, how do you want me?" I said, without thinking - and then blushed at the realisation of what I had just said.

She laughed, then said, "Well it's a warm evening, and things will probably get warmer as we go along, if it was your first time with a healer I would have said stay clothed, but as you're an old hand, I'd say clothes off down to shorts will be cooler and more comfortable for you. It'll also enable me to work more easily."

I was happy with the idea, so as she got me a padded stool to sit on and then went to prepare by washing her hands I stripped down to my underwear - 'just as well I showered and put clean things on' was my only thought as I sat and waited.

Maggie returned a moment or two later, with a pitcher of cold water with ice in it and a couple of tumblers - "We'll be thirsty later." was her only comment. She switched on a CD player that put a gentle background sound of what might be described as 'New Age' music on.

She placed her hands on my shoulders and I heard a short muttered prayer as she began the session. Her hands warm and her touch light as she explored my back, shoulders, neck and head, it was almost hypnotic as time passed. She was a powerful and effective medium for healing energy, more than once I felt myself sway on the seat as I breathed slowly and deeply under the effect of what she was doing. At one point I almost fell.

"Wait!" I half woke from my trance-like state and was vaguely aware of Maggie putting a mat on the floor for me before she helped me to lie face down on it. I was also aware that I had more than half an erection going and somewhere deep inside me hoped that it didn't show, I was also aware that I didn't care if it did in front of this deeply sexy, powerful woman.

A second or so later she was back and I felt her smooth oil on my back, working it gently in and then on down into my legs.

A little while later I became aware of being moved. Maggie had turned me over so I was laying on my back and she was gently rubbing my front with the same oil. I had a warm flannel over my eyes and my hands were down by my sides, I felt distant - comfortable - in a place I could trust - I again half dozed as she worked her way down my front. As she got to my hips I realised that somewhere along the way I had become naked. It didn't seem to matter a lot.

Maggie worked back up my leg on the inside, reaching my groin she cupped my balls and carefully worked the oil into them before moving to my now hard shaft. I felt her kiss the tip and groaned "Mag...!" as she did. I was stopped as I felt her button my lips together.

"Shhh!"

Then sweet agony as I felt her mouth engulf me. She swept her lips down my length as fast as she could then, squeezing her lips round me, milked her mouth back up. By the third full sweep up and down I could feel things beginning to boil, but before I could stop her, she had stopped and her mouth moved away. She brushed my lips with hers and I could taste my sweet pre-cum as she did so. I sensed more movement then felt heat approach the tip of my penis, immediately overtaken by the exquisite sensations as she slid herself down onto me. Slowly, so slowly her sheath took me into her. The flannel fell from my eyes as she, hands on my shoulders, leaned forward, nipples brushing mine and kissed me, licking my lips gently with her tongue.

The feeling on top of the build-up of the evening was a sexual intensity I have never experienced before or since. Still without moving from the initial penetration I felt her squeeze her muscles on me and I flexed back, then I saw and felt her muscles ripple as the most incredible orgasm overtook first her and then me. I swear she sucked me totally dry before I blacked out.

It can only have been scant seconds before I became aware again. Maggie, quite naked, was collapsed lying on my chest, indeed I was hugging her to my chest. I felt myself still inside her. No, correction: I felt myself rock hard and still inside her. I am fifty and odd years old - my delivery system does its job and shrivels, instantly! What had this incredible woman done to me?

I felt her stir gently, then, eyes still shut, she eased back to a semi-kneeling position and started to slide up and down on me - I felt my earlier cum lubricate us as some of it dripped down my shaft onto my balls. The movement and feelings were indescribable. This time I felt alive, my whole being striving to get as deep inside Maggie on each thrust. We kissed deeply as I rolled her over underneath me. She brought her legs up and I eased first one, then the other over my arms so her legs were up on my shoulders. I was now fucking directly, hard, down into her slickness, looking deeply into her dark green eyes. She came first, again her internal muscles rippling round my penis tipped me over the edge - she keened gently - I gave of my last, before collapsing half on top of her.

o - O - o

This time we slept in each others' arms for more than a few seconds, I came to to find her, still naked, cleaning me with a wash cloth. No that's not true, she had a wash cloth, but she was cleaning my poor, expired penis with her mouth.

Feeling me stir and seeing me awake again, she stopped, laughed quietly. "I've missed the taste, love it, I'd forgotten how much." The she slurped me into her mouth again. This time there wasn't even a twitch.

She laughed again, "Poor old bugger," she addressed my shrivelled penis, "I think I've killed you for the night."

She crawled up the mat and lay, half over me, her breasts squashed against me. Very seriously she started, "I owe you an apology. I took advantage of you, but in retrospect I feel we both needed that release of tension. Healing is sometimes an holistic treatment, you had this deep seated block I needed to move." Then seeing the look in my eyes she giggled again.

I just held her to me and kissed her again as we snuggled in the aura of our joint afterglow.

Later, after we had lain there in the gathering darkness, Maggie stirred again, then rousing more fully shivered a little as she sat up beside me. She didn't speak, but, having stood up held my hand and helped me off the floor. Then still holding my hand she led the way to her bed.

I started to say that I was covered in oil and sweat from our earlier session of lovemaking, but again she 'buttoned my lip.'

"Sven, sometimes you talk too much," was all I got as she turned the cover back, climbed in and then held her arms out to me.

I climbed in and lay on my back beside her - she snuggled up to me, again pressing into me, kissed me and we went to sleep.

A lot later, I woke to the intense feeling of a slow hand job on a hard, hard penis, with my balls being softly sucked in her hot mouth. I sighed softly to myself and resigned myself to being looked after again by my lovely Maggie. After all, as a top notch healer she knows what's good for me and I'm happy to take her help and advice.

Fin