 A True Encounter.

Sitting across from you, watching you watch television; play video games; drink a beer; pet the dog; sneak a peak at me every now and then. You catch my eye, and wink at me. You smile and blush when I wink back and blow you a kiss. You can stand it no longer. You come toward me, grab my hand, pull me to my feet and hug me, enveloping my body in your strong arms. Then, pulling back, you kiss me deeply. Pleased with my response, you return to your seat to play the fourth quarter, a smug look on your face as if to say, "I got her now." 

I cross and uncross my legs while sipping nervously on my water. You offer me a beer, but I refuse. I want my senses to be sharp. I don't want to miss one single second of our encounter. Your team wins the match-up. Your friend makes a smart, funny remark, takes his dog and leaves. 

You motion to me to join you on the terrace. I stand with your arms around me, enjoying the cool night air, the chirping of the crickets, the scent of you. You face brushes the back of my head. I can feel your breath through my hair as you inhale my aroma. Your arms hug me tighter and I lean back into you, totally supported by the strength of your body. You gently kiss the back of my neck, and a moan escapes my lips. As I close my eyes, I feel your excitement pressed into my back. I press back into you, and you breath loudly. 

Without saying a word, you take my hand, and lead me to your bedroom, turning off every light on the way. You have vanilla scented candles all over your bedroom. I begin to wonder when you had time to light them, but there are more important things to think about right now! You lie on the bed on your back, and motion for me to join you. I lay your arms, and we absorb each other's essence, breathing slowing and deeply, eyes closed, enjoying the cool breeze coming from your window. 

You begin to stroke my hair, and kiss me on the forehead. You tell me how beautiful you think I am, and I show my appreciation by kissing you. Your hands begin to wander on my body; you look so sexy in the candlelight. The look in your eyes says a thousand words that don't need to be spoken to be understood. You gently kiss my mouth, and raise your body on top of mine. You begin to grind slowly on top of me, and I grab your head and pull you close for a deep, passionate kiss. 

I lift your shirt over your head. You slip one hand under my head, and the other under my behind. Your lips move from my mouth, to my neck, to my breasts. You gently tease my nipples through my t-shirt, and your hands both slide behind me to unhook my bra. You reach down, and pull off my shirt and bra, releasing my full breasts. Your lips and tongue trace circles around my nipples, and they harden at your touch. I raise my hips to meet your thrusts, frustrated by the layers of fabric that separate our bodies. Your tongue traces a path from my nipples to my navel where you tease the ring that I have there. You continue your downward path, and without removing my clothes, begin to massage and tease me, frustrating me beyond belief. I hear a laugh escape your lips - you can feel the effect you are having on me by the heat raising from between my legs.

You look in my eyes, as you slowly undo my belt, button and zipper. In one smooth motion, you have my jeans and panties off, and have thrown them on the floor. You look down, lick your lips, spread my legs, and begin to taste my sweetness, very slowly at first. A moan escapes my lips, and I try to remember to breathe. I can hardly keep my eyes open, but I want to see as much as I can. It's such an erotic, beautiful site to see your head between my legs at the entrance to my love. Your tongue traces a tantalizing, erotic pattern that drives me insane with desire. Your fingers join in the assault, and hook into that spot, moving quickly, playing a harmony with your tongue that makes my body sing into a crescendo of orgasm. You can't get enough of the sweet juice flowing from my body, and you continue to play me like a violin until I have lost all concept of time; I lose count at four, no five orgasms. 

You look very pleased with yourself, and ask me to turn over. I turn and you prompt me to my knees. You continue the heavenly torture with your fingers and tongue, this time, adding a finger to my ass. I groan, and grind my body into your face while mouthing a silent scream into the pillow. All fingers are now removed from my body, and your tongue flicks in and out of my asshole, which obviously sends us both over the edge. I feel your hands on my hips, and your manhood sliding into my wetness. I gasp with pleasure! Slowly, you move into me, giving me time to adjust to the delicious fullness of you. You tell me how good I taste and feel, and I am so aroused, all I can do is moan in agreement. You begin to move more quickly, and let out a loud groan as you climax deep into me. 

We collapse onto the bed together, where you turn me over, and enter me yet again. I am pleasantly surprised that you are still erect. I wrap my legs around your back, and you kiss me deeply, looking into my eyes. I whisper to you to let me get on top, and you quickly oblige with a huge grin on your face. As I mount your shaft, you pull me to you, and begin to lick and suck on my nipples. This makes me even hotter, and I firmly plant a foot on each side of you, and ride you hard and fast. You begin to play with my clit and my body responds to your touch by shaking uncontrollably. I begin to orgasm, and I hear a load groan coming from your lips; you grab my ass, and come with me. I collapse onto your chest, and we lie together, breathing heavily, and basking in the afterglow of the multiple orgasms we have shared. We curl up in each other's arms, you pull the comforter over our spent bodies, and we fall into a deep sleep. 

What seems like only minutes later, we are awakened by an alarm. Silently, I remove myself from your arms, and turn over so that I am on my hands and knees looking at you with longing in my eyes, pleading for you to enter me one last time before I have to leave. You graciously oblige, sliding your swollen member into my slippery tunnel. The loving is silent this time, but even more intense. We move together in a lover's dance ended only by the culmination of our joint orgasm. We both fall back onto the bed on our backs, sweaty and satisfied. I look at you sleeping, peaceful and contented. It breaks my heart to make you open the door so I can leave, but not before I bend over and run my tongue over your STILL erect penis. I wink and tell you that I can't wait to see you again so I can taste you properly.