 Things with my boyfriend had been getting kind of stale. We’d been dating for almost a year and there just didn’t seem to be a spark. In the beginning, the sex had been energetic, almost athletic. Now, the sex was more like an obligation. I wasn’t ready to give up on Kirk just yet so I decided to try adding a little spice.  A little romantic sex odyssey might just do the trick.

One of the first steps in my plan involved a little trip to the salon. After having my hair and nails done, I stepped into a private room and stripped down. Laying back on the table, my head resting comfortably on a pillow, I waited for the consultant, Natalie. I smiled as I thought of Kirk’s reaction to what I was having done. When Natalie walked in closing the door behind her, I came out of my fantasy feeling hot and very bothered. Natalie asked me what I wanted.

“A heart.” I smiled as I said it and felt another rush. Natalie smiled at me and settled down on a stool at the end of the table. My legs were hanging down off the sides. I shivered when I felt the first touch. Natalie was beginning her work. Making my tuft of fur into a romantic and wicked heart. A heart for my pussy.

As Natalie went to work trimming and sculpting, I felt myself getting more and more aroused. I’d never had something like this done before and having another woman playing with my pussy was affecting me. As her fingers danced lightly over my mound, I knew I was wet. My lips were tingling, wanting more of her touch. As she finished the trimming and shaping, Natalie’s finger strayed down to just above my lips. Her finger pressed gently against me. I thought I would orgasm then and there.

“All done with the trimming. Now I have to wash you off. Just lay back and relax.”

I closed my eyes, anticipating the cleaning. When I felt the light cascade of warm water from above, a little moan escaped my lips. The water trickled down, running over and between my pussy lips. Natalie’s fingers lightly dabbed a soft cloth against me, stroking me so gently it was barely a touch at all. My eyes were closed tight. My body was shivering. I wanted to orgasm but was trying hard not to. I didn’t want to offend Natalie. As it turned out, I didn’t need to worry about that.

I heard Natalie softly say she was almost done, then I felt a light flick of a tongue across my lips. I opened my eyes, looked down and watched as Natalie again lowered her pierced tongue to my pussy. I moaned and opened my legs wider. I’d always heard a pierced tongue was more intense. God was it! The little ball flicked against my clit making me moan. I reached my arms up over my head and grabbed the edge of the table behind me. Natalie’s tongue probed deeper between my shaved lips. Pushing her tongue in sideways, I felt the ball in her tongue slide over me over and over again. It was incredible.

I couldn’t believe this was happening and I didn’t want it to end. I begged her to lick me harder, to suck my clit. I felt her smile against my bare pussy and dig her tongue in deeper. As my orgasm started to build to a higher intensity, Natalie took me over the edge by slipping a finger inside my tight pussy. Arching off the table, I moaned and pushed my pussy into her face. The palm of her other hand reached up, laying flat across my stomach, holding me, as her tongue and finger worked over my clit and pussy. My orgasm was incredible. My pussy gushed, filling her mouth with my juices. Natalie kissed my pussy and then stood.

Breathing hard, I laid there, feeling my body shiver over and over again. Natalie grabbed a mirror and held it between my legs so I could see my new pussy. I stared. My pussy was shaved bare. My lips were pink and glistening with my cum. The patch of fur above my pussy was shaped into a little heart, the point ending right at my pussy. It was the most amazing sight I’d ever seen. 

Natalie stood next to the table and leaned over to kiss my mouth. As her tongue traced my lips, I reached out and found my way under her short skirt. She moaned as I slid my fingers over her bare pussy. A no panty girl, she was wet and slick. Our lips fought each other in a kiss and when my finger slipped inside her tight snatch, she broke away and moaned. Reaching down, she pulled her skirt up around her waist. Her pussy was trimmed in a crescent moon. 

I told her crawl on the table above me. I was beyond horny. Natalie crawled up, straddling my head. I looked up and saw not only was her tongue pierced but so was her clit. A tiny hoop hung gloriously through her clit begging to be tugged. Pulling her down by the hips, I lowered her pussy to my mouth. Natalie moaned as I worked my tongue up and over her lips, spreading her with my tongue and pushing inward. She leaned back, bracing herself on her hands, pushing her pussy harder against my tongue. When I finally flipped my tongue over her clit, catching the little hoop with the tip of my tongue and pulling, Natalie moaned and came hard in my mouth. I sucked her clit between my lips and savored the sweet, musky flavor of her. 

We laid there slowly gaining our strength to move again. I dressed, kissed Natalie and promised to make monthly appointments for a light trim. I couldn’t wait till next time. As I left the salon, I planned my next steps. My body continued to tingle from the morning experience with Natalie, making my shopping spree a challenge. Staying focused was difficult. By the time I got home, I was beyond charged. I ready for some good old fashioned fucking.

Kirk was due by around 7:00. I had a few hours to kill getting ready. Slipping into my sexy new lingerie and a short, tight black robe, I narrowed in for the kill. As I slipped my feet into my three-inch fuck-me-pumps, Kirk was knocking on the front door. I looked around one last time, making sure everything was set, and then opened the door slowly.

Kirk’s eyes went big as he watched me open the door. I stood there and let him sweep over me with his eyes, taking in everything from my hair to my dark red lips to the robe and the shoes. As I closed the door behind him, I told him I thought we’d stay in tonight. He just nodded. Kirk hadn’t been able to take his eyes off me from the time I opened the door. I felt my body heating up. I was so horny. 

Leaning back against the door, I turned to face him. The room behind him was lit with candles, a smell of lust and sex already hung in the air. From me. Kirk hadn’t regained his bearings yet when I handed him a glass of red wine. I dipped my finger into my glass and ran my wet fingertip across my lips, slipping the tip between my lips and sucking softly. Reaching down with one hand, I loosened the tie on my robe letting it fall open. Kirk’s already stunned face lit with sheer lust as his eyes scanned down my body and back up. My breasts were pressed tightly together, pushed up in a half-cup black bra. My nipples stuck round and ripe over the top of the satin cup. My bare stomach led down to just below my navel where a pair of matching black satin panties rode low on my hips, slipping gently between my legs. HIs eyes glanced lower still, settling over my legs, straight down to my three-inch black stiletto heels. 

I walked to him slowly, letting Kirk look his fill. As I neared him, I reached up and ran one hand over his shoulder around to his back. He lifted his wine to his lips taking a strong drink. I sipped my own wine before setting it aside. Reaching under his arm, I ran my hand over his chest, stroking him through his shirt. Leaning up, I whispered in his ear, “Tonight, you’re mine. All mine.” Reaching around with my other hand, I slowly unbuttoned his shirt. I felt Kirk shiver as my hands touched his skin. Opening his shirt, I ran my hands over his nipples, pinching gently. Kirk moaned and reached up to cover my hands. I shook his hands off. 

Sliding my hands down his body, I unhooked his belt and unzipped his pants. His cock was already pushing against his pants, straining to be released. Pushing his pants open, I reached my hand inside and wrapped my warm fingers around his length. Kirk moaned and leaned back against me. My hands molded to his cock, stroking his shaft up and down, making him harder for me. 

“I want you hard as stone for me. I want your cock to stand at attention, waiting for my pussy. I have a surprise for you. A special surprise just for your hard cock.”

Snaking around in front of Kirk, I lowered to my knees and pushed his pants down. Wrapping my hands around his cock, twisting in opposite directions, stroking him, I lowered my mouth to the tip. Kirk took a quick breath and then I covered his cock with my mouth, squeezing my lips tight around him and sucking. He was so hard, so tasty. His skin was soft and hot, his rod firm. Moving my mouth down his length, I rolled my tongue around him, licking and sucking, savoring him. Kirk was moaning, thrusting his cock deeper and deeper into my throat. I tasted his precum with my tongue. I felt his cock swell in my mouth. Rolling his balls in my fingers, I sucked him harder. His cock felt ready to blow. I stopped.

Slowly, I stood, backing away from Kirk. His cock throbbed between his legs. He looked at me with wild eyes. I laughed, telling him not yet. He couldn’t come yet. I slid my robe down off my shoulders, letting it fall to the floor at my feet. Cupping my hands over my breasts, I stroked them, kneading them. Kirk stepped forward. I told him to stop, to watch. Pushing the cups of my bra down, I pulled my breasts out to hang over the edge. I moaned as I massaged my own breasts, rolling my nipples with my fingertips. Kirk’s eyes focused on my fingers, watching as my fingers squeezed and pulled, pinching my hard nipples. Lifting my left breast to my lips, I flicked my tongue across my own flesh. Kirk moaned and his cock twitched again. 

“Get undressed, Kirk. I want you naked. Now.”

I kept licking my own nipples as I watched Kirk strip. I love his body, so firm and all mine. I was dripping wet, my pussy was throbbing between my legs. Soon. Very soon.

Naked, Kirk stood there and watched me. His hand went down to stroke his cock and I told him no. I didn’t want him cumming. Not yet. Running my hands down my stomach, I told Kirk it was time for his surprise. It was time for him to see what I had for him. Slowly, I slipped my fingers into the sides of my panties and pushed them down. Bending over, letting my breasts hang free, I kept my eyes on Kirk. Stepping out of my panties, I stood slowly. I knew the instant Kirk’s eyes saw it. 

Drawing my hands up my legs, I caressed my thighs. Framing my pussy, I looked up at Kirk. “Do you like it? Do you like my heart shaped kitty?” My fingers stroked over the tuft of fur, the heart Natalie had only hours before created and enjoyed. Dragging my finger tip down the center to the tip of the heart, I moaned. My finger dipped between my legs. Kirk watched, not moving, barely breathing. “Do you want it? It’s all yours.”

Kirk walked forward slowly. His hands reached out moving mine away from my body. His cock throbbed against my skin as his fingers reached down and stroked my fur. I shivered. Pushing me back against the front door, Kirk cupped my mound with his hand and pressed against me. His hand was soaked from my juices. Leaning down, his mouth covered my right nipple, sucking it between his lips. His finger pushed inside me, filling me slowly. Closing my eyes, I moaned. With an urgency he hadn’t ever shown before, Kirk dropped down in front of me. Running his hands up my legs, he lifted my right leg, holding it under my thigh. My pussy was right in front of him.

Using the tip of his tongue, Kirk traced the outline of the heart above my pussy. When his tongue touched the bottom tip, his tongue moved lower, dipping inside me. With his other hand, Kirk opened my pussy wide and pushed his tongue inside me again and again. I was moaning, writhing against the door. I gripped his shoulders, holding on as his tongue pushed deeper and faster into my pussy. Lowering his mouth, he closed his lips over me and sucked my whole into his mouth. My body shuddered with a hard orgasm. Kirk didn’t stop. 

Using the tip of his thumb over my clit, Kirk used his tongue to fuck me over and over again. I was screaming out his name, begging him to fuck me. When he rammed two fingers deep inside my pussy, I shivered again, bucking another orgasm. 

Kirk stood, grabbing me around the waist. He carried me to the kitchen table. Setting me on it, he opened my legs wide and rammed his hard cock deep inside my tight pussy. I was slick from coming and his cock filled me to bursting. I don’t remember ever feeling him to thick and hard inside me before. His hands grabbed my breasts, kneading them, pulling them. His cock thrust deeper and deeper inside me. I moaned and bucked up to meet him. Pulling out suddenly, Kirk turned me over on the table, my legs spread wide. His fingers dove inside me first and then he rammed his cock into my pussy again. This time, Kirk pulled out all the way and then thrust back inside me. I was moaning, grabbing the sides of the table to hold on. Kirk wrapped his hand in my bra strap, holding on as he pummeled my pussy from behind. He was grunting, fucking me harder than ever before. I felt another orgasm and then Kirk fired one last time in my pussy before he filled it with his cream. Kirk pulled out, flipping me again. This time, guiding his cock, he covered my heart shaped pussy with his warm cream, coating me in his cum. 

Standing, Kirk stroked his finger over my creamy fur and brought his finger to my mouth. I sucked it clean as he told me he loved his surprise very much. Lifting me up over his shoulder, Kirk carried me to the bedroom, tossing me on the bed. We fucked like rabbits for hours. When he asked me how I had done it, I explained about Natalie, telling him all the juicy details. As he licked me again, I promised to introduce him to Natalie so he could thank her personally. My heart shaped kitty had definitely gotten our sex life back in order. I had plenty to thank Natalie for too. And looked forward to thanking her over and over again.