 She bought the ticket and walked inside the theater heading to the concession stand to get some popcorn and a drink. The popcorn smelled so good, bringing back old memories of this same theater where she watched movies as a little girl. She was so glad that someone had decided to renovate and reopen it. She headed to the balcony, that had always been her favorite place to sit to watch the show. Going up the steps, she hoped she hadn't missed the coming attractions. 

The busted air conditioner at home gave her a good excuse to get out of the house. 

He saw her go inside and thought of calling out to her. Deciding to surprise her, he bought his ticket and went inside. He grabbed something to drink and her favorite strawberry licorice, then headed to the balcony recalling that she had mentioned she liked watching movies up there best. 

The theater was dark, with the directions for the emergency exits showing on the screen. He saw her and slid into a seat beside her. She didn't seem to notice him, a situation that he was going to rectify soon. 

She saw him sit down but pretended to not notice. She thought he might prefer it that way, let him make the first move. He glanced at her and she seemed intent on the screen. He slipped his hand onto her leg, letting it rest on her thigh. She smiled at him and put her hand on his thigh, loving the feel of the legs that had caught her attention from the first time she had ever saw him. He leaned over and whispered into her ear, "what brings you here?" 

She replied, "The air conditioner!" 

He chuckled and nuzzled her ear. 

She squeezed his leg in response, hoping he would see it as a sign of encouragement. 

Looking around, he was glad to see that they were the only ones in the balcony and decided to make his move. He slipped his hand under her shirt, resting it against her belly. He felt something firm and looked down. To his surprise he saw that she had a belly ring and found it most attractive. He looked at her and she smiled, loving the look of disbelief on his face. Letting his fingers wander up until he felt her bra, he stroked her as he felt her nipple harden. Running his hands between her breasts, he found that her bra had a front clasp and worked it open. Releasing her breasts, he felt himself grow hard. He wasn't sure how long he could take this. 

She wondered if he was as excited as her and decided to find out. Running her hand up his thigh, she made contact with his cock. Sure enough, he was swollen and she wanted to feel it in her hands. She slipped inside the waistband of his shorts and felt his cock oozing precum. Running her hand all along the head, she pulled her hand free and licked her fingers clean, except for her index finger and that one she placed in his mouth. As she slipped to the floor, she took his cock free of his shorts and began to suck it, taking him all the way down. She knew how much he liked when she deep throated him and she wanted to please him. She worked her way back to the head and licked it, sticking her tongue in his hole. She took his balls into her mouth and sucked them. First one, then the other. Moving back to his cock, she sucked him again all the way to the base, feeling him swell harder and harder. She could feel the swelling, not only in his dick, but his balls as well. She cupped his balls, stroking them using her index fingernail to scrape back toward his ass. His legs grew tighter, pressing against her. He pressed her head closer to him, raising his hips, feeling himself grow closer to cumming. She continued, sucking him harder and squeezing her lips tighter. She wanted him to explode in her mouth, she wanted to suck him dry. He pulled her in tighter, squeezing her hair, feeling the heat in his crotch, boiling up until he could no longer control it. She felt it, the burst of his seed, splashing against the back of her throat. She swallowed every drop, she kept on sucking, making him quiver. She thought she heard a moan, but with the movie playing it was hard to tell. 

He helped her to her feet. She sat back in her seat. Now it was her turn and he could hardly wait. 

She wasn't sure what to do now. She was so turned on, she could feel her thong getting wet. He leaned over and said "now, your turn!" 

She smiled at him, not sure what he meant, but dying to find out. 

He slipped his hand inside her shorts, searching for her sweet spot. Feeling the dampness there, he put his fingers inside her thong, searching out her clit. Finding the hood, he pulled it back and felt her shiver. He pressed his first two fingers inside her and his thumb against her exposed clit. Massaging both her clit and her g-spot, she raised her hips to meet each stroke. She let out a soft moan and he knew that he was working the right spots. She felt so wet, he wanted to taste her creaminess. He pulled his fingers free and slipped them into his mouth, loving the taste. Going back inside her shorts, he moved once again inside her, working both spots and feeling the swelling that showed she was excited. She raised her shirt and began to rub her tits, squeezing them together. She milked the right one, bringing a drop of liquid to the surface. He saw it and leaned in to lick it clean. She squeezed it and brought more out. He kept licking it clean each time it became wet. Her pussy was squeezing his fingers and he could feel her clit swelling more and more. She was close and he knew he would have to find some way of quieting her when she came. He gave her a look to tell her to warn him that she was going to cum. He would kiss her moans. Working his fingers faster, she raised her hips to meet him, begging for release. With her eyes closed, she laid her head back and tightened her hips, waiting for it. Then she felt it, the moment that comes right before she has an orgasm. She looked at him and he knew. He placed his mouth over hers, just as she started cumming. She was practically screaming against his lips. He kept working his fingers, massaging her clit and making her cum not once, but twice. 

Laying her head on his shoulder, she smiled at him, mouthing a thank you. He smiled back and slipped his arm around her shoulders. 

He asked if she had to go right home after the show. 

She told him no and then asked what did he had in mind. 

"Oh nothing, just thought you might like to go somewhere and carry on with this." 

She gave him the same wicked grin that he had given her when he first sat down beside her...