 Driving down the highway, she wondered what she was really doing. Was she insane? No, she knew she was not insane, but was reacting to something very primal and instinctual she couldn't explain. All she knew was that animal instinct was nipping at her heels and forcing her foot harder on the gas peddle, bringing her speed up to 80. 

She deserved this after the week she had. She deserved this small measure of self-indulgence, didn't she? She was full of tension, frustration, anger, rage. She had not only been used like a whore, but made to feel like it, too. She wanted to scream and hit because the tension was wound so tightly in the pit of her belly. Yeah she deserved this, no doubt about it. Right or wrong, good or bad didn't work into her logic right now. She had to hurry. The speedometer reached 85.

There was no more need for nervousness. That had been put aside the first time she had met him. She knew how he smelled, tasted, and felt. She knew how her body responded to him. She new she had a lot to look forward to. She KNEW he would not treat her like a whore to use for his own pleasure. He would treat her like a woman, giving her as much pleasure as she could take. He was her treat to herself she thought with a thrill. Hurry! There is so little time. Oh God!. She better be careful. she had just been going 90. Can't get a ticket now. It would take what little time she had with him.

As she came to the exit and started following the simple directions to his place, she felt her pulse starting to pick up...she could feel it in her throat. Her mouth was dry. She needed to get there soon.

His place was very easy to find. She made no observations as to the type of area he lived in, or even cared. There was no judgment of him and his lifestyle. She didn't want him as a mate. She just wanted to mate with him. She knew that she would very soon, but not soon enough. She quickly walked up to the door and knocked.

When he opened the door to his small studio apartment she felt her throat seize up. Her mouth was drier than ever. It struck her yet again how incredibly handsome and sexy he was. Her eye candy was so much more than something pretty to look at. He possessed an animal magnetism that no living, breathing woman between 18 and 60 could ignore or pass up.

As the door opened, he discreetly stood to the side, hiding behind the door. For a fleeting moment she wondered why until she walked through the doorway. He was wearing nothing but a smile and a tiny pair of blue briefs. Again she was struck by how damn gorgeous he was. It wasn't just his face, which was handsome and youthful. He had black, wiry hair, cut short because of the curl. His eyes were opaque; he had a well-proportioned nose, and full, firm-looking lips. There was more, though. He wasn't a big man. He was actually quite petite, only slightly taller than she was, and not an ounce of fat could be seen. This didn't mean he was scrawny-- not by a long shot. He had a flattering amount of muscle definition that fairly forced the eyes to the abs, arms and thighs. Beyond that, every inch of his body was the color of dark bronze. There was only a slight hint of curly black hair sporadically spaced over the top portion of his chest and a small line that trailed down into his blue briefs. Her eyes were compelled to follow that line to the top of the briefs where it disappeared underneath the waistband.

He didn't say a word to here at first. He just looked at here with pure desire. Then he slowly smiled and gave a husky and heavily accented "hi." 

She felt suddenly awkward and had no idea what to say to this man. How could he be looking at HER like this? It seemed totally incongruous to her. He should be with a gorgeous Latin beauty, young and perfect, just as he was. He, instead was planning to spend an afternoon delight with HER--passably pretty, definitely voluptuous in form [another way of saying slightly overweight], and significantly older. She had had her babies; she had survived life, career and family where she put herself second, always. And she'd never been more aware of these things than at this very moment.

"Hi," she answered shyly. That was the last thing she said before forgetting all self-doubt. He drew her into his arms and kissed her with a heat she had forgotten existed between a man and a woman. She could feel that kiss to her toes. She could feel it in her soul. She had needed and lived for this moment for years. She was ravenous for more and told him so with her body. He heard what she was not saying and held her closer. responding to her need. 

But the kissing was not enough after a while and she needed so much more from him. Her hands started wandering his body, starting with his hair. She could feel the wiry short curls beneath her fingertips. While he was still kissing her like a starving man, her fingers trailed from his hair down the back of his neck, to his shoulders over his arms, and down his strong back. His skin was smooth, hairless and perfect. As she reveled in the sensation of his skin, her hands moved to his front. His chest was hard and so masculine. She felt a thrill of burning desire as she broke their kiss and allowed her mouth and lips to follow the trail of her hands over his chest. As her fingers traced the black line that started at his belly button and disappeared into his underwear, her mouth began to follow. He became totally still as his body steeled itself for the pleasure he knew was to follow. 

She didn't hesitate as she pulled the blue briefs aside to reveal the object of her desire. His cock sprang up hard and ready for her mouth. She leaned over him and began by licking the clear drops of precum off the tip with her tongue. She and he moaned simultaneously when she did this, and without further delay, she took him entirely and hotly into her mouth. His taste and feel was familiar and it was so good. She couldn't get enough of him. He, apparently was enjoying the attention for he gently wove his fingers in her long locks and helped her find the rhythm he most wanted. She was more than willing to oblige and took him as deeply as she could down her throat. His hips started pumping a fucking rhythm in her mouth.

As she felt his excitement mounting, she became aware of her own needs, and that didn't include him finishing in her mouth, not this time. Sensing that he was close to doing just that, all the reasons she was here, all the reasons that drove her to such extreme measures of coming here erupted in her breast and made her slowly withdraw her mouth from him. This was for HER and she wanted him to know it. 

"I NEED you," she whispered to her beautiful lover. He smiled at her, laid back invitingly and answered her with, "You're wearing too many clothes." Clumsily, hurriedly, with absolutely no fineness she wiggled her way out of her pants and thong panties. "HURRY!" her mind screamed at her. She looked at him laying there, waiting to fulfill her needs as well as take his own pleasure.

She crawled up to him, straddled his body and slowly sank herself onto his hard, swollen cock. Immediately she felt her body arch from the intense pleasure of being filled by him. But being filled was not what she really needed. After all, she had been filled by a man as recent as a day ago, but THAT had been a pointless waste of time. That cock had done nothing to at all to satisfy her needs. This man, however, was going to give her what she needed. 

As she started to rock her hips against his, taking his cock as deep inside as she could, he looked up at her and licked his lips. She leaned down and kissed him. That move only sent her closer to her end goal. Moaning deep in her throat, she felt the tension building like a deep sharp ache somewhere hidden within her. She needed to feel more of him. She needed him to touch her. He must have had the same need because he started lifting her tank top over her head. She hastily helped him, needing to feel his hands on her skin. Through it all, she never stopped her movements, never lost her focus. He fumbled expertly at her back, unhooking her bra in order to release her lush, heavy breasts. Now, with absolutely no constraints, nothing stood in her way of achieving her single-minded goal. 

The tension was almost unbearable now. It was steadily building as she took control of him. He didn't look as though he minded. She looked down at him and he was making low growling-groaning sounds and his eyes were closed. She became terrified that he would do was all the others have done, selfishly reaching his own orgasm with little thought of her. "Don't you DARE cum," she whispered demandingly to him. His eyes popped open and he looked up at her with determination and he simply shook his head no. More determined than ever, she picked up her pace and he bucked his hips up against hers. 

Oh God! So close. She was totally unaware of the sounds she was making. It didn't occur to her that the tiny studio was connected to others and they might hear her little desperate cries erupting from her throat. Finally, on the pinnacle, ready to fall over the edge, she looked down at this amazing looking man, equally determined to give her what she needed, when...She screamed out her release as wave after wave of intense jolts coursed through her body. Her back arched, her head was back, mouth opened. Her eyes were closed in order to concentrate on the overwhelming sensations.

This was no simple orgasm. It was the daddy of all orgasms, the one that had eluded her for so very long. It lasted for what seemed like several minutes, although in all honestly probably only lasted about 40 blissful seconds. 

Just as she was starting to come back to herself, he sprang into motion. His hips started pounding up to meet her still moving hips. He positioned his legs for leverage and did some quick thrusts up. The action triggered in her yet another wave of spasms, as she orgasmed again. This time, her loud cries of pleasure mingled with his low grunts, announcing his own orgasm. She could feel his cock pulsing inside her as he came. 

As theirs orgasms drew to an end, she collapsed on top of him, holding him close. Both of them were sticky with sweat. She felt it beading and trailing down the sides of her face, and she felt a moist film all over her body. He was no different. She became aware of the heat for the first time. It must be 90 degrees in this tiny apartment. For the entire drive over and the 15 minutes or so of fucking, she was totally unaware how hot it was outside. Now she realized that her inner heat overshadowed the heat of the weather.

Finally able to breathe normally, they looked at each other and chuckled. Still holding one another tightly, they lazily chatted about nothing, giving them both a little time to recover. She realized soon enough why she had chosen this particular young man for her pleasure. The recovery time and stamina of a 20something was a beautiful thing. Even though she knew she would only have an hour with him when she drove to his place, just about every minute of that hour was used pleasuring each other. She soon left with a satisfied smile, knowing she had regained a small bit of herself back after such poor treatment. She was well and truly satisfied. 

The heat didn't bother her one bit. Bring it on!