 This story is inspired by the real person character, "Mark". Mark is often called "The Heat Seeking Missile". Women: If your pussy is radiating heat he will find you. I have pretty good information on this experience, but some of the details are made up. (Edited to Protect Identities.)

*

She was kind of a slutty type, not really all that good looking, about 45 but looked older in some ways, and I think she had a "sort of" boy friend, but I decided I had to have her. My name is Mark.

She was a waitress in a diner near my work which I frequented She was a few pounds overweight, and her body, including her maybe 34C tits, seemed to have some sags and lumps under her uniform Her teeth were a little crooked Grooming was not her strong point. Dark roots with some gray showing under her medium length dyed blonde hair gave her sort of a three tone effect, and it was brushed back but a little wild. Her slightly bowed bare legs were sometimes in need of a shave, and her arms showed a fair amount of hair as well. I would be willing to bet her pussy had a lot of bushy hair, but that's what I wanted to find out. I sensed she had led a fairly hard life, and I was pretty sure she lived in a nearby trailer park.

I was at least ten years younger than her at 35. I'm fairly tall and well built and considered by some at least a borderline "hunk". My cock was a thick eight inches. I was able to attract women, and had a girl friend as a matter of fact who was age 30 and far above this slut waitress I'm describing, but there was just this something.

The woman's name was Valerie or Val. She called the customers "honey" and accepted some good natured groping of her well rounded ass. I think the boy friend was a truck driver and was gone a lot.

Once I decided I had to have this woman, the biggest problem was convincing her that's what I wanted. I started groping her ass and letting my hand linger a bit longer. My cock got hard after each of these incidents, and she would be the subject of my jack off fantasies later. I think she still thought I was kidding though until I finally asked her what time she got off. She looked a little puzzled and said, "Well, pretty late, honey – about 10 pm. Why?" I said I'd like to get together with her sometime. She said, "Well, I've got a boy friend if that makes any difference to you." I said I had a girl friend too, but it didn't really make any difference to me. She said, "You're a lot younger and better looking than my boy friend, so we might be able to work something out." She still looked a little puzzled.

I said, "As far as I'm concerned, you're a hot looking woman, so let's work on it."

She said, "Okay, my boy friend will be gone day after tomorrow. We could meet when I get off then if you like." I said it was a date then. 

I jacked off hard several times the next two days and came in a little over a minute. Instead of my hand, I imagined my cock fucking into Val's (I was almost sure) hairy pussy. I realized I was getting way ahead of myself.

I got to the diner early and had a cup of coffee until time for her to get off, but we didn't pay much attention to each other. Then I went to my car in the parking lot, and soon she came out to her car. She stopped by and told me where we were going, and said, "Follow me, honey." Soon we were rolling into the trailer park which was run down more than average for that type of place, and her trailer was smaller than average. She didn't say anything, but just got out and went into the trailer, holding the door for me. She invited me to sit on the sofa and said she was going back to get more comfortable. Val came out barefoot and wearing a long, loose fitting shift dress, split up both sides to her knees. She looked incredibly sexy to me. She joined me on the sofa and lit up a cigarette. We exchanged some small talk, and then she asked me, "Why did you decide to skip the girl friend and meet with me?"

I said, "I'm not sure. Maybe the same reason you decided to skip the boy friend and meet with me." I think we both knew what we wanted then, and were quiet while she finished the cigarette. I leaned over and kissed her, and she kissed me back. I kissed her again and felt up her tit and could tell there was no bra. I was already breathing hard. This had been a while coming, and I realized I might be finally getting close to where I wanted to be which was having my cock buried up to the balls in her pussy. She had her legs folded up on the couch by now, and I kissed her on the neck as my hand went up under her dress toward her pussy. 

She grabbed my arm, and whispered "Tell me you like me, and it's not just that you want to fuck me." I found out later this came from a promiscuous stage she had gone through.

I just repeated back what she had said. "I do like you, and it's not just that I want to fuck you." Then I added, "But I do want to fuck you."

With that, she led me back to the bedroom with her well rounded ass swaying under the loose dress. She pulled the dress off over her head as I got undressed. She still had her panties on, but her body was about what I expected. A little more of a roll and sag to her belly than I'd thought, and her tits sagged to match it. Some cellulite on her ample thighs, and a few lumps here and there. I suspected she'd been fucked the night before when the boy friend left town, but that just added to the attraction. Kind of like when you're fucking a married woman, knowing she's getting at least some cock at home.

There seemed to be a fairly wide gap between her thighs at her panties crotch, and her legs were more bowed than I'd thought. Again, it all seemed incredibly sexy to me as I stripped down to my shorts and we fell on the bed. She raised her ass as I quickly stripped off her panties and got my shorts off. Her pussy was hairy as I expected with dark hair spreading out toward her hips. Val seemed to admire my thick eight inches as she wrapped her fingers around and jacked it. I got a finger in her pussy and stroked it with the other fingers, but we didn't do this long at all before I rammed my cock home in her up to the balls. Her pussy seemed unexpectedly tight, and she gasped and raised her ass off the bed. She humped and circled her ass under me and then got her legs up and around my ass. "Oh honey, it feels so good. Fuck me harder," she whispered.

I pounded into her even harder. We were really going after it now, and the bed was making noise as it rocked. I was sure her pussy was well used, but she gripped down on me some way, and it felt tight. Soon I could sense her getting close, and I knew this was going to be one helluva cum. She started with her little cries which got louder as she scissored her legs wide and came hard while I grunted and pumped what felt like a bucket of cum in her contracting pussy. I lay on top of her breathing hard, and the satisfaction just washed over me. I'd been wanting to do this for a long time. My softening cock almost made a sucking sound as I eased out of her gripping pussy.

"Oh honey, that was so goood! she groaned. I want some more of that," making it clear she wanted another round.

I agreed it was good, and I'd been curious anyway, so I asked, "Boy friend not taking care of you?"

She said, "Well, yes and no. I'll tell you about it sometime. Anyway, you're bigger than him, and you know how to use that thing. Girl friend not taking care of you?"

I should have known that was coming, and I said, "Same deal. Yes and no. I'll tell you about it sometime." She was both erotic and nasty looking as she lay there. Hair wilder than usual. My cum and her juices leaking from her saturated pussy on to her thick pussy hair and her thighs.. Flattened ass extending past her hips. Tits sagging some to each side. I wanted to suck those and did soon after. Then I went to her messy, hairy pussy and sucked that. My face was wet when I pulled away. She went down on my cock and sucked and licked it, and got a taste of her own juices. It was all good, but we were both ready for some more fucking.

She surprised me when she said, "I like it in the ass sometimes, honey. Fuck me in the ass and don't be gentle." With that, she got some kind of oil and smeared it in her ass and then on my cock. She got on her hands and knees with her tits hanging down and her ass up and looked back at me. Despite her words about not being gentle, I started easing into her. The mushroom head slipped into her ass, and she thrust back. 

A couple of strokes and I was in up to the balls. She groaned, but said. "Give it to me. Fuck me in the ass." I could see her stroking her clit as I slid in and out. Her asshole was tight and it was milking me. I got one knee up for leverage and was banging it to her. We were soon romping just as when I'd fucked her pussy, and she was making little cries again. I hoped she was getting close, because with the sensations and her tight asshole I wasn't going to last long. She started stroking her clit wildly and came as I pulled out and came on her ass. The neighbors in the next trailers may have heard our gasps and cries.

We again assured each other it was good. I had speculated she may have had a hard life, and that was pretty much true. Knocked up when she was 18. The guy married her, although it might have been better if he hadn't. Lasted a few years, and she was knocked up again with somebody else almost right away. That also lasted a few years, and she was alone with two kids for quite a while, but she really wasn't alone and fucked a lot of guys in those years. Then a longer marriage. No kids with that one at least, but it eventually went down the tubes also. Now she didn't care whether she ever went the marriage route again. She did like fucking though, and the truck driver boy friend was partly a convenience. As I left she said, "Come up and see me again honey, and bring your friend."

"My friend?" I said. She smiled and groped my cock through my pants. Who Knows? Maybe she'd call me Mark sometime.