 Freddie sighed as she listened to her friend on the phone. The conversation was a repeat of one they'd had hundreds of times. She almost knew it by heart.

"When are you gonna come out with us, girl? You stay in with your books all the time. You need to get out! What are your plans today? Please tell me you're leaving your house."

"I like my books, Michelle. They don't lie, or cheat, or steal. And I socialize at work. And yes, I'm leaving my house today. I have errands to run."

"Ugh! Freddie, you work with kids. In a hospital. The other people we work with don't quite count as socializing. Do something fun today. Don't just buy groceries and retreat into a book. Get some sun, or something."

"Yes mother." She smiled and disconnected. Michelle had been her best friend since high school. They'd gone to college together, and got jobs working at the same hospital. Michelle as a nurse, Freddie as a physical therapist.

Freddie had been working non stop for 2 years, though. She'd racked up 2 months of vacation and was told by her boss she needed to take at least 4 weeks off. Now. So today was the start of a long, boring vacation.

She decided Michelle's idea of getting some sun sounded great. She had some work to do in her yard anyway. So she put on an old pair of shorts and a tank top and headed out back to get her tools. She could hear the lawn mower next door. 

"Maybe I could ask if Sean would do my lawn too. And maybe I could not talk to myself." She laughed quietly and turned around, running straight into Sean. "Oh! Shit. I'm sorry. Got busy talking to myself and wasn't paying attention."

His arms had come around her to steady her from their collision. He could feel her cool skin and see a faint blush on her cheeks. He smiled down and eased his hands from her shoulders. 

"No problem. Heard you talking about your lawn. Want me to mow it for you? I've seen your lawn mower. It's scary."

The blush had nothing to do with the sun. It had everything to do with the 6 foot tall, muscular, blonde god standing in front of her. "Oh. I feel so dumb. Yeah. If you could, I'll pay you. I'm not sure I can make that behemoth start at all."

"No need to pay me, Freddie. I'll just con some lemonade outta ya later." He winked and headed back toward his yard.

Feeling really foolish, Freddie got her gloves and a garbage bag out of the shed and started pulling weeds from her flower beds. 

Why couldn't she be normal? All her friends dated. Here she was, 25 living in her own home, and she didn't even know how to talk to a man. She always felt like a 12 year old. Especially around Sean. 

His tall, muscular physique was topped off with shaggy blonde hair, that made him look like he'd just rolled out of bed. His eyes were an intriguing mix of green and blue. It all depended on what he was wearing. Today he was wearing jeans that were work worn and loose, slung low on trim hips. He had no shirt on, and it took everything in her not to stare every time he passed her with the lawn mower in the yard. She was pulling the weeds ferociously and chastising herself for being such a wimp.

Sean prided himself in being laid back. He took everything in stride and just lived day to day. He could have any girl he wanted, and he knew it. But for the last few months, he hadn't wanted any of them. The only female he spent any time talking to, outside of work, was Freddie. Something about her had him interested in learning more. She was so shy. He wanted to break her shell and find out what was going on behind the cute plastic frames sitting on her upturned nose.

He passed her in the yard and noticed her watching him out of the corner of her eye. She sat on her knees, pulling weeds almost violently from the ground. She was 5'7" tall and not quite small, but not too big either. She was soft in all the right places, but he could see hard muscle in her arms and legs. She had on worn out denim shorts and a man's white under shirt, with a purple plaid bra showing underneath. Her long dark hair was pulled up into a sloppy bun on top of her head. He watched a bead of sweat slide slowly down her neck beneath the top of the tank. He had to fight the urge to walk over and lick the sweat off. He focused on her face as he came back around. Her chocolate brown eyes looked up and smiled at him from behind her glasses. He moved down her face to her wide red mouth. Her smile showed the straightest, whitest teeth he'd ever seen. He grinned back and shut off the engine.

"Ready for that lemonade yet?" 

"Sure. I'm all done with the yard, might as well take a break before I go back to mine."

"I'll go get it now. Want to come inside, or meet me on the porch?"

"Let's sit on the porch and enjoy this beautiful day."

"Great. Be right out." She skipped into the house and grabbed 2 glasses from the cabinet and filled them with ice. She snatched the fresh lemonade out of the fridge and rushed back to the porch. She couldn't believe her fortune. He wanted to sit down and enjoy the day with her! Granted, he had said that cold lemonade was the only payment he wanted. But he was still here talking to her. 

"I see an awful lot of books in there, Freddie. Read anything good lately?"

"Mmm, yes. I read all the time, I come across a lot of good books. A lot of bad ones too. You ever want to borrow one, just come over and get it. I'll never miss it." She laughed and drained her glass.

"I'll have to come in and take a look some time. Don't tell anyone, but I am a closet bookworm. I know. It comes as a shock to most." Her laughter was like wind chimes. He had to remember to make her laugh more often. Why hadn't he noticed before how great she was? 

They had lived next to each other for over a year. Sean had done his neighborly best, and introduced himself the first week. Since then he had just admired her from a distance, always wondering what she was really like. No men ever came to her house. Well other than the men that came with her friend. That one always had a different man with her. From what Sean could tell, Freddie didn't date at all. 

They finished the pitcher of lemonade, while talking about nothing in particular. When the last drip was gone, Sean gave a small sigh. 

"Guess I'd better get going. I need to run to the store and go check in on my mom. Want me to do your lawn again next week?"

"Oh, you don't have to. It was really nice of you to do it today. I owe you dinner, at least."

"I don't mind at all. How about this, I'll cut the lawn next week, and you can make me dinner after. Deal?"

She stuck out her hand to shake on it. Instead, Sean pulled her up and kissed her on the cheek. Freddie blushed a deep red and spluttered incoherently.

With a cheeky grin, Sean hopped off the porch. "See ya, Freddie."

The next week was a blur. Freddie wasn't quite sure what she was doing with her time, but she managed to stay busy. Her house was now spotless. She'd purchased new drapes for the living room, and a new tablecloth to match for her small dining room table. She wasn't sure if Sean was serious about dinner, or just trying to be nice. So she was fully prepared, either way. 

Saturday dawned with dark clouds, rumbling ominously. "Ugh. There goes lawn and dinner. Oh well. Too good to be true, anyway."

Freddie puttered around the house all day. She rearranged the living room, and her bedroom, did laundry, and started boiling potatoes for shepherd's pie. If she didn't need to cook to impress, she was making her favorite. She was curled up on the couch with her favorite book, when someone knocked on the door.

Before she could get up, Sean stuck his head in. 

"Hey, neighbor. We're still on for dinner, right?" He flashed an amazing grin as he shut the door behind himself.

"Ohhhhhh!" Freddie groaned, "I figured you wouldn't wanna come because of the weather."

Sean felt like an idiot for not calling first. "Damn. I'm sorry. I'll go home." Just then a bolt of lightning flashed, and thunder so strong it shook the walls, tore through the sky.

"Oh no you don't. You're not walking 5 feet in this. I didn't make anything fancy, but there's plenty. Come on, it should be almost done."

She led the way to the kitchen. She was fighting not to tremble. This was too good. This was too much. She had him here, and didn't know what to do with him!

She dished out 2 plates and grabbed a bottle of wine and went into the dining area.

"Sorry it's not more extravagant."

"Mmm, my favorite. I haven't had this since my mom quit cooking a few years ago." He put the first fork full in his mouth and moaned in pleasure. "Freddie, this is amazing. You'll never get rid of me now. I'll be here every night looking for dinner."

They ate and chatted like they'd been doing it forever. When their plates were clear, Freddie thought Sean would leave. She was pretty surprised when he flopped down on her couch and picked up Jane Eyre. 

"This is one of my favorites. I must have read it 10 times. Haha I know, I sound like such a girl."

"Yeah. Ya do." Freddie was shocked. Why had she said that!? "I'm so sorry! I was joking. My stupid mouth, always working before I think."

Sean slid a sly grin on his face. "I have the same problem." With that, he leaned forward, pressing his warm lips against hers.

He pulled back to see a puzzled loom on Freddie's face. "What's wrong?"

"Nothing. It's just... I just... oh. I'm not used to that. Men never pay attention to me. They always go after Michelle. Guys don't like me. I'm just a nerd. I live in books. I'm nothing interesting." She stopped and looked down at her hands.

Sean put a finger under her chin and tilted her face up to look at him. "Listen. I wouldn't have done that if I didn't think you were something special. I think your nerdiness is the best thing about you. I want to know you. I want to make you mine."

"You're kidding! Me? You're gorgeous. I'm pudgy, and look like a librarian. Why would you ever want me?"

"Good grief, Freddie! Hasn't a guy ever given you attention? Have you ever been with a man?" Sean looked stunned. "I'm sorry. You don't have to answer that."

"Well I will. Yes. I've had sex. And frankly, I don't get the hype. I was bored. I think I'm incapable of pleasing someone... and being pleased."

"Freddie. Let me prove you wrong. Please? Just as a friend. I want us to be so much more. But first let me show you you're wrong."

"You want to have sex with me. As a friend. To prove a point?"

"Yes. No. Dammit. I want to show you, that you are so much more than you think. You are capable of so much. God, Freddie."

Sean leaned forward and took Freddie's face in his hands. He looked her deep in the eyes and kissed her. He ran his tongue across her bottom lip, trying to coax her to let him in. He thought she was going to resist. Then with a soft sound in the back of her throat, she opened her mouth and touched her tongue to his.

It was like an electric shock. She tasted so sweet, with the bite of the wine still in her mouth. He lost track of time, just drinking her in. Running his hands over her shoulders, into her thick hair. 

Freddie pulled back gasping. "Sean."

"Shhh. Please. Freddie, please. Be mine? At least tonight. If you never want to see me again, I'll understand. Just be mine tonight."

Freddie couldn't speak. She just nodded her head in consent.

Before she could change her mind, Sean took her by the hand and led her toward the room.

He walked her backward through the door, kissing her softly while unbuttoning her shirt. She felt her legs touch the edge of the bed. Sean gently pushed her down.

He lifted her slightly and slid her back on the bed. He'd managed to dispose of her shirt, and was now working on the clasp of her jeans. He worked them down over her hips and tossed them to the corner. She lay in front of him now wearing just her purple plaid bra, and white cotton panties. She looked great.

Freddie was more exposed than she'd ever been. She blushed and closed her eyes to hide from his scrutiny. 

"You must be used to tiny girls. I feel awful. I'm sorry."

"Don't apologize. You are beautiful. Curvy and soft in all the right places. I'll have real hips to grip."

To prove he didn't care about her shape, he started kissing his way up her body starting at her navel. He got to her collar bone and found that her bra was a front clasp. He released the clasp and let her ample DDs spill out. 

He took first the right, then the left into his mouth, teasing her nipples into taut little buttons. Her skin was soft and smooth. She tasted like sweet honey, and smelled like peaches. He could live the rest of his life and never want to taste anything else.

He moved up to her mouth again and kissed her deeply. He started slowly running his hand down her body toward her cleft. When he got there he found her warm and damp through her panties.

"Can I touch you? Can I remove this last piece of clothing and touch you? I won't if you say no."

She was trembling in fear, and need. She couldn't say no now. Her body was aching for his touch. "G-go ahead." She stuttered.

"Don't be scared. I promise I'll be gentle. I'll never hurt you."

He slid back down her body, tracing a path with his mouth. As he got lower he was tugging the thin cotton down. When he'd positioned himself between her legs, he'd managed to make her underwear disappear.

He bent down and inhaled her musky scent. He ran his finger between her folds and felt her silky wetness coat his hand. 

Her quivering stopped when he gently touched her clitoris. He spread her lips and ran his tongue softly from her dripping hole, back to the sensitive bud. She gasped in delight. She'd never felt this before. Her first, and only, partner had been rough. He had only cared about his own need, not caring if Freddie was pleased at all.

Sean continued to lap up her juices. He slid first one then two fingers into her. She was so tight! He didn't want to hurt her, but he needed to add a third to prepare her. His cock was about 7 inches long, and pretty thick. He was going to have to take this very slow. 

After a few minutes, Freddie could feel a strange pressure building in her belly. She didn't know what was about to happen. 

Sean did. He could feel her thighs shaking and her sweet pussy contracting around his fingers. He kept up his slow pace, gently sliding his fingers in and out, all while flicking her stiff little clot with his tongue. Then suddenly she exploded.

"Ohhhhh. Sean!" She moaned. She could feel her pussy release a flood of fluid.

Sean was extremely pleased with the strength of her orgasm. He lapped up her juices and slowly pulled his hand back. He smiled when she whimpered in protest.

"Are you ok? Do you want me to stop?"

She shook her head back and forth. "No. Please. Don't stop. Ohmigosh. I never realized. Oh."

"I'll go slow. Just tell me if you change your mind." He slipped on a condom and moved over her.

He gently spread her legs apart and positioned himself at her entrance. He pushed gently until his head was just inside.

Freddie's eyes snapped open. She hadn't thought he'd be this big. Her mouth formed a small o in surprise. She smiled when she saw the look of concern on his face.

"Don't stop." She whispered.

He slid in further, then pulled back til he was almost out, then slipped back in. He did this a few more times, getting deeper with each slow thrust. He was soon completely buried in her tight, hot hole.

He moved in and out almost painfully slow. He could feel his need building. But he was fighting the urge to ravage her. 

Freddie had never felt so full. His cock stretched her in such a wonderful way. She could feel the pressure building again. She wanted to cum, but his slow pace was dragging it out. It almost felt like torture. Just when she thought she'd never have release, she felt it start.

"Sean! Oh god... I'm cumming. Please, faster! Oh please!" She didn't even care that she was begging. She needed the ache to stop.

Sean felt her orgasm ripping through her body. He heard her pleas and grabbed onto her hips. He pulled her hard against him, then started fucking her hard and fast. In seconds, he felt her cumming again. The second wave sent him over the edge.

"Freddie! I'm cumming too! Fuck! You are so hot!"

Sean pumped into her a few more times and collapsed on top of her. Both of their breathing was more like gasping.

After a few moments, Sean rolled to his side and pulled Freddie over so her head was on his chest.

"I'm sorry. I didn't intend to finish so fast. You're just so damned hot. I couldn't help myself."

With a sheepish look, Freddie replied, "Well... it doesn't have to be the last time. I mean, we can do it a-again. If you want."

"I very much want. I want to do this as often as possible, for a very long time. Be mine, Freddie. Say you'll have me."

"Of course! I feel like you deserve better, though."

"There is no better than you. You're perfect for me. And this is just the beginning. It's going to get a lot better from here."

Then he rolled her back over, and started the whole process again. This time with a huge grin on his face for what he'd just acquired. Love.