 This story is inspired by the character, "Mark". Mark is a real person and is known as "The Heat Seeking Missile". Women: If your pussy is radiating heat, he will find you. My information on Mark's first accidental time with a married woman is incomplete, so some of the details are made up. (Edited to protect identities.)

*

My name is Mark. Bottom line is that I had had the flu. It pretty much laid me out, and then you have that wrung out feeling afterwards. I didn't make any plans for the weekend, because I just wasn't sure I'd be up to it. But I'm a fairly young (35) healthy guy otherwise, and by Thursday I was feeling pretty good. By Friday I was wishing I had made some plans, and I decided at the last minute to do "something", I wasn't sure what.

You could describe me as a former college student who never got over Cancun. I loved that party atmosphere and slurping tequila out of some girl's navel, and wild drunken sex, and the whole thing. But there's another side to me I guess, and for whatever reason I decided to go to a relatively quiet hotel bar I knew about. I had no idea I'd be helping some 40 year old woman with her first adultery before the night was over.

I should tell you about myself, I guess. I mentioned I'm 35, and I'm single (divorced). As far as attracting women it helps that many people consider me at least a borderline "hunk". Maybe so, but heavy on the borderline.. I'm six ft. tall, 170 lbs. with no flab. I'm blessed with features that are at least regular, and "good hair" as they say. If I am able to attract women and get them in bed my thick eight inch cock helps.

Anyway, back to the hotel bar. It's more of a lounge with entertainment rather than a bar, and quiet but not a tomb. I sat at a small table and looked around. I sort of panned over a well dressed woman, about 40 I guessed, sitting at a nearby table. I say "panned over", but I quickly panned back again, because my practiced eye had noted she had nice legs and a good slim figure. When I did, I caught her looking at me. Then it was a cat and mouse game with little glances and quick look aways. I'm not shy and I don't like this kind of crap, so shortly I just stepped over and asked if I could buy her a drink. She quickly said, "Sure. Join me."

The place was pretty dark, so now that I was up close I could see her well coifed brown hair and soft regular features. She was the whole package, and a classy looking gal. We introduced ourselves, and she was Phyllis. Turns out she was a business woman traveling from another city which didn't surprise me. I looked for some wedding rings, but didn't see any. I searched for something we might have in common, and it turns out we graduated from the same university. I said, "Of course I graduated a long time before you." 

She rolled her eyes and said, "Yeah, right," and we both laughed. She was helpful in making conversation rather than leaving it up to me, and I don't know how we did it, but somehow we connected. A couple of drinks later, she said we could have drinks sent up and invited me to her hotel room. I was almost caught off guard, but I recovered quickly, and we were on our way up to her place. We sat down in the usual hotel chairs, and the drinks came up shortly. "Now isn't this cozier?" she said, and I agreed it was. She sipped her drink, but she seemed fidgety and kept glancing at the bed, and finally excused herself to get more comfortable. She looked very "comfortable" when she came out of the bathroom barefoot and wearing a short, white, silky wrap around robe.

This had all been pretty fast, and old Mark may be a little thick, but it was clear this woman wanted some cock. I stood and we embraced, and I kissed her on the neck and mouth and the robe was soon lying at her feet. She still had her bra and panties on as I eased her on to the bed, but it was also clear she had a very good body for 40 or any age.

"It's complicated, but you may have to take me. I may fight you a little," she whispered.

"Well, just don't hurt me," I said. She smiled, because we both knew that was pretty unlikely. She kept her eyes closed as I got undressed, and then whimpered and closed her arms over her body as I slowly kissed down from her face to her tits. She struggled as I tried to get her bra off, so I just got it down enough to lick and suck most of them. Then I kissed down to her belly. She moved her arms and hands around to block me, but she couldn't cover everything, and I found open places to continue as she whimpered and gasped and moved her head from side to side.

I knew it was going to be difficult when I got to her panties, so I skipped over them and started kissing up her closed thighs. As I neared her pussy, she got her hands on my head and struggled, but in the process she got one knee up, and I quickly had one hand on her panties crotch. She closed her legs again, but my hand was trapped in there and I started massaging her slit. She grabbed my arm to push it away, but was no match for me, and her legs opened slightly. That was all I needed, and I grasped the top of her panties and yanked them down and had them off almost before she knew it. She wailed as I got my head between her thighs and my tongue at the top of her slit. In her moving around she lifted her ass off the bed, but that just allowed me to get one finger and my tongue in her cunt. She was trapped again, and when she tried to move her pussy away it had about the same effect as humping my mouth and finger.

She loosened up just a bit as I sucked and fingered her pussy, but I figured I had to shove my cock in her with one stroke due to the situation. She did a sort of double gasp, but got her arms around my shoulders and was kissing my face and neck all over. Her tenseness made her pussy tight as I fucked into her slowly, and it felt so damn good. It almost sucked on my cock as I pulled back. She never did really hump me, maybe in keeping with the idea of being taken. She did get her legs up and just let me move my cock around in her. I varied the pace and depth of my strokes to stretch out the feelings, and her whimpers were replaced by little cries. I fucked her a long time by my standards. I didn't think she was going to cum, but she surprised me and did at the end as I was fucking into her hard and shot my cum in her contracting pussy.

We collapsed and breathed hard for a while. She said, "I misbehaved badly, but I promise you I wanted it. I'll explain later." I told her I believed her. She said, "I'll help get you ready, and you can ravish my body again, and this time I'll be a good girl." We both smiled at her choice of words, "ravish my body" and "good girl". This was one smart lady. A little later, she stroked my cock until it started rising. She was looking at it, and smiled when she said, "Hmm, I chose well." I covered my mouth to stifle a laugh. Then she got on top of me and rocked her pussy against my cock. She was doing sort of an "ocean wave" with her ass as she braced her hand on my chest, and she looked erotic and gorgeous. 

She knew I was hard now, and I thought she'd stay on top and fuck me, but she rolled off and presented her pussy for me to "ravish". I eased into her and ravish it I did. This time she did hump me, and we slowly built up from a slow fuck to a faster one to a romp at the end, and her cries built up from low to loud as she bucked and came while I groaned and filled her pussy with cum again. 

Later she told me she was married with a nine year old daughter. Apparently there were lots of problems, and she was planning to get out of the marriage. She said she had been faithful up to now and needed some kind of jump start. I don't try to analyze this stuff. so whether any of it was true or not, I don't know. From her reactions I'm inclined to believe her.