 Here's a memory that goes back a number of years. I was out of college and had established myself in an I.T. career, doing programming and application development. I had a job I really liked at MegaInsuraCare - I was part of a small team that was considered the elite. My manager liked me, and became something of a mentor to me - in part, because I not only knew my stuff technically, but I also had enough social skills to talk to non-technical users (as opposed to a couple of the Poindexters on our team who were brilliant technically, but whose social skills and personal hygiene were *severely* lacking.)

So it wasn't unusual for me to be assigned a project with a non-technical business unit. I would go in and work with them, figure out what they needed, translate their requirements into technical terms, and write a program for them to use. This was fun work - I did it well, and I often felt like a hero when I could write a little program that made their jobs way easier.

This particular project was for a small group in Marketing Support. We had never worked with them before, and they were in something like the Dark Ages in terms of office automation. We had some meetings, and it quickly became clear that I could do some simple things that would quickly bring them into the 20th century. They were excited about the project, and their group leader assigned Heather to be my point-of-contact.

Initially, I wasn't wild about her selection. Most of the people in the group were women, and almost all were attractive - even the manager (or maybe I should say, especially the manager) who was a 40-ish busty, dark-haired knockout. I can't say I didn't sometimes daydream about what some of these ladies had on under their business skirts and suits. Heather was certainly as attractive as any of them - probably in her middle 20's, slim, medium height, strawberry blonde hair. But it seemed to me that there was something snooty about her - nothing obnoxious, just a slight air of the high school prom queen, or the president of the sorority. In other words, the girls I wasn't dating in high school or college.

But it worked out better than I had hoped. She was pleasant and competent, and we got along well. She was chatty, where I was more reserved. She would ask on a Monday how my weekend was (and seemed genuinely interested in my answers), and would tell me about her fiance Doug and their upcoming wedding. It was friendly and pleasant - nothing more, and certainly not flirtatious or sexually charged. Of course I fantasized about her falling to her knees and begging me to take her, but then in those days I fantasized about almost anything wearing a skirt.

As the project was nearing completion, my manager asked me to come into his office, and told me that I was being assigned immediately to a new, more important project. If I could finish up Heather's project off-hours, that was fine, but my priority had to be the new project.

I told them that I was juggling some things and would be working some off-hours. It all worked out well, but it reached the point where I had to get together with Heather for acceptance testing. We would walk through the system together and get her thoroughly familiar with it, so that she could then train the rest of her group. This would take a chunk of time that I couldn't spare during the work day. I asked her if she could come in Saturday morning at 9am. She said that would be fine, and told me she'd bring coffee.

I sometimes came into the office to get things done on a Saturday morning, and it was somewhat enjoyable, in it's own way. The normally hectic office was deserted and quiet, and I could really think or be productive. I also liked the location of my cube - it was along a wall, next to a row of windows, and I could look out into the woods behind our building. It wasn't a private office, but it was fairly secluded for a cubicle.

I was already there at 9:00, set up and ready to go, when she arrived with two large coffees. I did a mental double-take when I saw her, and probably a physical double-take as well. It was a sunny, warm spring morning, and she looked amazing. I was used to seeing her in business attire, but this was sorority girl/country club casual - pressed denim skirt well above the knee, scoop-neck t-shirt, and sandals. She looked like a million bucks - certainly not like someone who woke up and threw on whatever was handy (as I had.) And of course there was that big gaudy rock on her finger.

She was all bubbly enthusiasm as we went through the system. I was very much aware of her presence next to me as we sat closely side-by-side at my desktop PC, but I wouldn't have described the situation as sexually charged. Of course I was attracted to her - I thought she was sexy as hell, but I didn't get any vibe from her that this was anything but a friendly business meeting. Which is why what happened next was such a surprise.

We wrapped up training session, and she thanked me for all my help and hard work, and I responded in all sincerity that it was my pleasure. She put her palm on the front of my shoulder and repeated "Your pleasure...?" in a soft voice. I didn't know what she meant, or what to say in response, so I sat there dumbly. She stood up, still touching my arm, pushed a few things out of the way, and sat down on the desk in front of me. She put one bare foot on one arm of my chair, then traced her other bare foot up my leg before putting it on the other arm of my chair.

I looked up at her, and there was a flushed look on her face. She gave me something akin to the little girl eyelash-batting "will you please?" look that's made me do so many things against my better judgment over the years...but this was different...this was offering, not asking. I was partly paralyzed from shock, but I quickly recovered enough of my wits to know that this was an offer I wasn't refusing.

--------------------------

I touched her ankles and l slowly ran my hands up her shins to her knees. Her skirt was still in place, but she was rocked back enough that I could see her thighs up under the skirt, and a flash of white panty where they met. Her legs were smooth and tan and warm to the touch. I tentatively...gingerly nudged her knees slightly further apart, and she smiled, as if giving me the permission that I was wordlessly seeking.

I was still recovering from my surprise at this unexpected turn of events, and I'm sure the look on my face was priceless. Thoughts were flying through my head faster than I could pin them down. "Is this really happening?" "How goddamn cool is this!" "Are we going to get caught/fired/humiliated?"

This last thought settled down long enough to be rationally examined. It did seem relatively safe. I hadn't heard anyone else in the office this morning, and I thought I would hear the door a split second before anyone actually came in. There *was* a chance of being caught, but that just added to the excitement.

It was time to see exactly what was being offered. I slid my hands up the inside of her thighs and she leaned back into a half-sitting, half-reclining position, which lifted her skirt higher on her thighs. I could now see all the way up Broadway. She was wearing plain white cotton bikini panties, and I thought to myself that this was a spur-of-the-moment decision for her. If she had planned this, I'm sure she would have worn something fancier. But the thought that this was spontaneous made me happy. My hands reached the tops of her thighs, and I gently touched her pussy through the soft cotton. She was smiling a very pleased smile at me, and I gently stroked her, feeling the heat of her pussy.

My hands moved to her hips and grasped the waistband of her panties. She lifted her hips, and I slid them down her legs and off. I noticed as she steadied herself on the desk that she had removed her engagement ring at some point. I smiled to myself and thought that what Doug doesn't know won't hurt him.

She bunched the skirt up around her waist, and I was looking at the prettiest pussy I had ever seen - either in real life or in the centerfold of a magazine. it was a work of art, puffy outer lips surrounding a perfect pink slit, with a light covering of short red/blonde curls. If this happened today today, I'm certain she would shave her pussy, as she was stylish in every way, but this was before the time when that was done.

I'm sure my face showed my admiration for what I was seeing, and she beamed a fairly self-satisfied smile as I spread her legs wider. I had never been with anyone so uninhibited about showing her sex - certainly not with someone who would spread wide on a desktop in broad daylight without the slightest embarrassment. I didn't know such women existed, and it was a thrilling discovery I filed away for future reference.

I cupped her pussy with one hand, then ran one finger up and down, tracing her lips, then parting them and feeling her wetness for the first time. I spread her lips with one hand, then got my finger nice and wet and moved up to circle her clit. I heard a sharp intake of breath as I touched her clit, and slowed down, stroking her slowly and gently.

I moved my face closer, to watch as I played with her. I circled her clit slowly, then a little faster, then I slid down between her lips and slid one finger into her. She was absolutely steaming...white hot, juicy wet, and tight as a vice. I slowly pumped my finger in and out, watching her pussy swallow my finger...watching it comer out slick with her juices.

I had to taste her. I pushed her legs even farther apart, and moved my face in closer. I moved slowly, wanting both to tease her and to savor the moment. She squirmed when I breathed my hot breath on her clit, then I touched my tongue to her hard nub. She orgasmed at the first touch of my tongue to her clit - a small one, but unmistakable. She tensed, bucked, gasped, then slowly came back down.

I eased off briefly, then slid my tongue down between her lips, then back up to flick her clit. She had to use one hand to steady herself on the desk, but the other came to the back of my head, holding me to her pussy. I locked my mouth onto her...licking and sucking...varying my intensity from hard licking to barely touching her with my tongue.

She started moaning, and I looked up and hissed "Shhhh". I continued eating her, listening as she tried to muffle her moaning. I backed off with my tongue, and stroked her gently with just my fingers again. She looked down in frustration, and I just smiled up at her. I coated my middle finger with her juices and brought it up to her lips...first tracing them, then sliding my finger inside. She sucked her juices off, then continued sucking my finger, making me imagine her sucking my cock. I withdrew my finger from her mouth, and she looked down at me with a look that seemed to admit that she might have underestimated me...that I was a little more dangerous than she originally thought. She whispered down at me, "You're bad...Doug never does that." I smiled to myself and wondered what else Doug never did.

I attacked her pussy with enthusiasm, eating her with vigor. I could tell that she was building to a big orgasm, and I wanted to give it to her. I licked up and down, circled her clit with my tongue, then wrapped my lips around her clit and sucked while I pushed two fingers into her. That did it. She went over the edge, and it was probably the longest and most intense climax I had ever seen a woman have. Her whole body clenched, and I could feel wave after wave washing over her.

It finally started to subside, and I withdrew my face from her pussy. She looked absolutely shell-shocked - glassy-eyed, gasping for breath, seemingly unable to move. I smiled a devilish grin at her, but she seemed unable to respond. I sat back, and she started to recover her wits. She gave me a smile and said "That was amazing." Then she added, "But what about you?" I stood up, pushed my chair back, and started to unbuckle my belt.

--------------------------

To be honest, before she said "What about you?" I hadn't given a single thought to my cock or my own pleasure. Hard to believe, I know, but the way she presented her pussy to me was so erotic and so unexpected, I hadn't thought about anything watching her...touching her...licking her...tasting her...and making her cum for me. But now that she mentioned it, yes, I realized that my pants were threatening to burst open and that there was no possible way I wasn't fucking her. It didn't occur to me until later that maybe that wasn't what she had in mind, but it didn't matter, as she gave no indication that it wasn't okay.

I dropped my pants to my ankles, then peeled my drawers down over my erection. She gratified me by exclaiming a shocked "Jesus Christ!" and the surprised look on her face told me that I was bigger than she was used to. Now it was my turn to smile a pleased smile.

She was still sitting on my desk. I scooted her to the front of the desk and spread her legs again. Her pussy was still soaking wet from her orgasms, and I positioned my cock between her pussy lips and slid it up and down her slit, coating my head with her juices. Then I pushed her knees up toward her chest and thrust my hips forward. I couldn't help looking down and watching my swollen head spread her lips wide and push inside. She was amazingly tight, but so wet that I slid right in, and I watched every inch of my shaft disappear into her.

We both moaned out loud, and I stayed there for what seemed like an hour, but was probably a few seconds...just buried to the hilt inside her. Then I slowly withdrew, still watching, as my cock slid inch by inch out of her. I thrust in again harder, and started fucking her with a slow steady rhythm.

The thought hit me that I hadn't seen her breasts yet, so I lifted her t-shirt and bra up in one motion, and she raised her arms so I could lift them off. She had smallish tits, either an A or B cup, milky white with small pink erect nipples, and they looked perfect. I stopped for a moment to play with her nipples, but then I had to start thrusting again.

I moved in to kiss her, and she deflected me, bringing her lips to my ear and whispering "Give it to me." I was hurt for a split second, but I understood - we weren't lovers, and this wasn't the beginning of a relationship. We were fucking, right now, and it was almost certainly a one-time thing. And that was fine. But I though to myself, "I'm going to give you something to remember."

I spread her even wider and started fucking her hard and fast, pistoning in and out of that tight little red-haired pussy. She gave a little squeal with every thrust, and I was beyond caring if anyone else was in the office to overhear.

I would like to say that I took her in umpteen different ways, and that it lasted for hour after hour without end. But the truth is that I was still pretty young and *way* too excited to last very long. Her moans told me that she was building up to another big orgasm, and I could feel the tingling in my balls and knew I was close.

I started fucking her in a frenzy, pounding her savagely as she stared at me with lust-filled eyes. I grunted that I was going to cum, and she hissed "I'm on the pill, cum inside me." That was a damn good thing, because I'm not sure I could have pulled out.

A couple more hard fast thrusts, and I started cumming...and kept cumming...grinding into her, my cock spasming wildly, shooting ropes of hot cum deep inside her. I was vaguely aware that she was in the throes of another huge climax, and after a few final thrusts and a few last spurts into her, we started to subside together.

I'm not sure how long we stayed frozen there, with her sitting on the edge of the desk, me standing on front of her, my cock buried balls deep. I could feel her pussy squeezing me, and our combined juices starting to leak out of her. Finally she rocked her hips and my cock popped out of her. She put her bra and shirt back on, mopped herself up with some tissues, then got off the desk and put her panties back on. I stood there dumbly for a second, then pulled my pants back up.

There was an awkward silence, and finally she said she'd better get going. I mumbled something like "Okay", and she gathered up her things, smiled at me, and left.

I wasn't expecting a repeat, and there wasn't one. We never exchanged a word or a glance or anything that hinted at what had happened. At first, things were awkward at work, but they quickly settled back into a friendly work relationship. But I will never forget that Saturday morning at the office.

Thank you, Heather.