 I just wanted to thank Jacuzzigal for helping me with this first story of mine. I welcome all comments. Please enjoy the story below. 

Today is a very special day. It's Heather's birthday, and I planned a very romantic evening. We arrived at the restaurant about 15 minutes before our reservation time, so we went to the bar to have a drink while we waited. We sat down, ordered drinks, and talked about our days. She looked so beautiful in the short black mini skirt and high heels. Heather is 5'6" with long blonde hair and deep blue eyes that have just a bit of mystery to them. She's about 125 pounds, a very generous 36C, and has very long slender legs. The short black mini skirt with a halter top was filled in all the right places. When our table was ready, I pulled out the chair for her. We ordered our dinner and another round of drinks. Shortly afterwards, our dinner arrived. 

She had sea scallops with green beans, and I had the prime rib with mashed potatoes and grilled mushrooms. All through dinner we talked about current events, what's happening in the world. About 10 minutes after we finished dinner, a group of waiters and waitresses appear carrying a cake I had bought earlier. I joined in singing "Happy Birthday" with them and I smiled, watching her. She looked even more beautiful when her face flushed with embarrassment. We nibbled at the cake and smiled at one another. Then I payed the bill, and we drove off. 

"Well Birthday Girl," I said to her, "You have two choices, one: we go back to my apartment and watch a movie with a bottle of champagne. Or two: we go watch the stars and enjoy the nice clear night." She smiled and quickly picked the first choice, so I drove to my apartment, parked the car, and opened her door for her. We walked inside hand in hand. I turned, to her and," I'll be back in just a few minutes. Why don't you make yourself comfortable on the couch?" She walked into the living room to find the fireplace going, and a bottle of champagne chilled on one side of the couch. I walked back in with two things in hand: her present and a freshly washed carton of strawberries.

I handed her the present and opened the carton. As she opened her gift, I opened the champagne. I pour the champagne but watched her face as she opened the box. A single tear ran down her cheek. I put the champagne down and took the box from her hand, carefully removing the ring inside. I took her hand and said, "Heather, will you do me the honor of marrying me?" 

I could see she was emotional and a little shocked, and it took a few seconds for everything to sink in. After a minute she looked up at me with the biggest smile on her face that I'd ever seen, and said, "Yes, I will marry you Stephen." I took her in my arms, and kissed her on the lips. After a few minutes of tender kissing, we broke our embrace and I handed her a glass of champagne. I stood up and walked over to the stereo, putting in a CD by her favorite singer. I turned around and again she smiled as I walked back to the couch and sat next to her. She curled up into my right side, and I put my arm around her and kissed the top of her head. We both finished our champagne, and I walked to the other room. Coming back a few minutes later I held out my hand, which she gladly took and I led her to the bathroom.

The room was completely dark except for the glow of the candles I'd placed around the tub. All of her favorite lotions were placed next to the sink. I said, "This is all for you. When you're ready I'll come help you out of the tub." And with that I closed the door. Only a few minutes went by and I heard, "Stephen, can you come here please?" I opened the door and asked if everything was ok. She said yes but looking a little troubled she said something was missing, so I walked over to the tub, looking around for the missing item. She grabbed my tie and pulled me closer, kissing me full on the lips, gently pushing her tongue inside my mouth. She softly whispered, "I am missing you!" and with that pulled me into the tub clothing and all. The fall surprised me, and as I come up for air I heard her laughing. 

She smiled and giggled, and I took a good look at her. I knew right then I made the right choice in asking her to marry me. Every time I look at her, it's like I'm in a fairy tale and she is my princess. I leaned over to kiss her and she wrapped her arms around my neck. My shirt now totally soaked I passionately kissed her as I fumbled for the buttons on my shirt. Impatient, I rip off the shirt continuing to kiss down her neck, feeling her nails gently scratch across my back. 

I sat up straight as she stood up and quickly straddled me. I looked up and down her wet, naked body lovingly, and I looked up and smiled at her. She leaned over and kissed me, and with her free hands fumbled at my pants, slowly unzipping my fly. She pulled my pants off completely and in a soapy wet mess throws them on the floor. Continuing to kiss down my chest, her other hand reached and began stroking my already rock hard cock. As her hand slowly moved up and down, I kissed her neck and gently twisted her nipples. I ran my hands down her back over her smooth, wet skin, until I reached just underneath her very smooth but firm ass, which I gave a squeeze. I heard her softly moan as she is kissed down the entire length of my body. 

She grabbed my cock firmly and brought one leg up over my cock. Slowly she guided my cock into her tight pussy pushing me deep inside her. I took a deep breath in as; she slowly started to rock back and forth. I felt my cock filling her tight pussy and the water moving back and forth as she rocked. 

My orgasm began to build as she rode my cock faster, and I slowly twisted her nipples between my fingers as she ran her hands up and down my back. I heard soft moans escaping her lips, and I realized my own breathing had become quite labored. I held on as long as I could, wanting to cum with her. I heard my voice say, "Oh god, baby, I'm going to cum!" I felt her body go rigid as she climaxed with me. I felt her pussy constricting around my cock, milking every drop of cum with each thrust. 

Breathless, I leaned back against the tub and wrapped my arms around her beautiful body, pulling her towards me. She looked at me and tenderly kissed me on the lips, then rested her head against my chest, lovingly running her hands up and down my body. We rested like that for awhile, catching our breaths. . And then I felt her body slightly shivering against mine. I realized that the water in all our play has become quite cold. I sat her up gently as I got out of the tub and grabbed two towels, wrapping one around my midsection. I offered her my hand, and she took it as I helped her out of the tub. I began to dry her off, trying to hurry so she doesn't shiver but also taking my time to make sure I didn't miss one section of her lovely body. 

I picked her up in my arms, and she wrapped her arms around my neck as I carried her to the bedroom. I lovingly set her down on the bed and climbed onto the bed next to her. I leaned over and I began to lovingly nibble on her neck, trailing down to where the towel covers her breasts. I slowly removed the towel from her until she layer completely naked before me. I took her left nipple in my mouth and rolled my tongue around it, making it stand out. With my other hand, I caressed down the length of her long leg. I gently nibbled on her nipple and a soft moan escaped her beautiful lips. I turned my attention to her right breast, and repeated the same attention that I'd given her left. I then kissed down her body, leaving little kisses down to her navel. I continued kissing down past her navel, kissing all the way to her thighs. I felt her squirming beneath me; I kissed back up her thigh and then kissed right down her freshly shaven and very moist pussy lips.

I lovingly kissed her clit, and with that I heard a sharp moan. I continued kissing down her opening, reaching in deeper with my tongue and gently licking to her lips again, savoring her sweet juices. I closed my mouth over her clit and gently, deliberately sucked it. I ran my tongue down her slit once again, gently pushing my tongue inside and started to lick the walls of her pussy. She moaned and moved her hips with the movements of my head, straining to feel my tongue even more. I felt her body begin to tremble and tense. I knew she was close to yet again another orgasm, so I started to lick her pussy deeper and faster. She screamed out in ecstasy, bucking against my mouth as she rode her orgasm. 

I crawled up next to her and took her in my arms once again, kissing her full on the lips, letting her taste her juices on my lips, my tongue. After a few minutes she began to breathe normally and then crawled down to my still rock hard cock. She took the base of my cock in her warm hand and began to gently stroke it, placing the head of my cock in her warm, wet mouth. She licked it like she would a lollipop, savoring the taste of me and licking the tip, especially the hole. Slowly, she brought my cock into her mouth inch by inch until she had all eight inches in. As she her mouth up, she sucked harder and harder until she reached the head and with a loud pop let go. Then she surrounds my shaft once again, this time bobbing up and down on it, humming at the same time. 

Her hands cupped and caressed my balls as she continued to suck. I felt my balls respond; she felts it too as my legs tensed. She sucked faster and harder, milking my cock, swirling her tongue around the shaft with each thrust. Removing me from her warm mouth, she stroked my cock quickly and tightly. I grunted and a short ribbon of cum exploded from my cock. She leaned over and each new ribbon of cum landed in her eager mouth or splashed on her face. She licked my cock cleaned, lapping up the cum. cleaning her face off, she crawled up to me, passionately kissing me with tongue. I tasted myself on her lips and she loved sharing my juices with me. We continued to kiss while she slowly stroked my semi rigid shaft. With her other hand, she stroked her pussy lips and clit. She leaned over once again and kissed my cock tenderly. Just the touch of her lips and hands made me rock hard again. 

I moved down the bed, and pulled her down until her legs are dangling off the bed. I stood up and spread her legs, propping them over my shoulders. I placed the head of my cock just at the entrance to her pussy pushing the head up and down her lips. Hearing her moan I continued to tease her, slowly beginning to push my cock inside her. I heard a slight gasp as I entered her tight, warm pussy. I slowly began to push in and out of her, rocking my hips back and forth finding a rhythm together. Each slow thrust was met with a slow wiggle from her. She moaned over and over again. With each thrust I plunged deeper, and deeper inside her. I thrust into her harder, making her moan even louder as I picked up my pace. I knew I was close to orgasm. She began to beg me to fuck her harder. I pounded into her; she moaned loudly and began to scream. I told her I was about to cum, and she breathlessly says she is too. Her legs tensed once again, and I pounded into her one last time before I let go another powerful orgasm. She screamed again as rode the wave of her own orgasm, her pussy clamping down on my cock with every stroke. We collapsed, happy and exhausted from our love making. 

I lay with her, staying inside her for a long time, enjoying the feeling of her warmth surrounding me. I slowly pulled out of her and lay next to her. I took her in my arms and snuggled in with her, pulling the covers over us. I kissed her neck lovingly, and whispered to her, "I love you Heather,"

"I love you too Stephen." 

With that we fell asleep peacefully in each others' arms.