 I had been working for this company for about 4 years when my boss told me they had hired a new employee that he thought I would really like. He always goes for the taller girls and I like the shorter ones. I asked what she was like and he just said young and your type. Explained that she would be starting the next day and that I would want to be sure to be there.

Well the next morning HR brings around this bleach blonde beauty. She is 19 years old, 5' 2", about 120 pounds and tits that looked amazing. I could not believe my luck that someone like this would be working next to me. Our workstations walls were only 4 feet high and I stood all day so I would be able to watch her all the time.

Heather was her name and she would talk about anything. Within the first week I learned that she had was a wild woman. IT had not setup her email yet so she asked if her friend could email something to my address. I said No problem and damn what a way to get to know this girl. It was one of those emails that you answer the questions. Have you ever been to a party? Have you ever slept with someone on the first date? Have you ever had sex with more than one person of the opposite sex? Have you ever had anal sex? Have you ever had sex with a co-worker? On and on it went. She answered yes to just about every one of the questions except the co-worker one. For that, she answered no.

She had me type all her answers in and send it on to other friends of hers. While typing all her answers she was standing behind me and would keep bumping me with her tits. She caught me looking down her shirt a couple times and would just smile. I sent the email and she went back to working. She knew she had me all worked up but did not care. That was what she was going for.

She continued to do things like this over the next few weeks. She would wear a very short skirt and ask me to move computer wires under her desk around for her. She would wear a very low cut shirt and ask me many questions so I would have to lean over the wall all the while giving me a perfect look down her shirt. 

Then one day she asked me to move the computer only this time she was not wearing panties. I could feel her eyes on my cock as it grew in my pants. She was well groomed with just a slight patch of hair. When I finished up and got back to my workstation, I could not help myself any longer. I stuffed some towels in my pants and started jerking myself off watching her. I thought there was no way she knew what I was doing but when I started to cum she looked over at me and smiled.

After getting away with it that day, I started to do it almost every day. Sometimes she would look over at me but most of the time I do not think she had any idea. She would tell me about her latest boyfriend and what she did to him and that would just feed my next session.

One Tuesday she asked if I could help her move some stuff from her apartment. I was the only guy in the office with a truck. We only worked until noon on Friday's so we worked it out to do it then. I couldn't wait for Friday to get here. She continued with her normal teasing for the rest of the week.

Come Friday I followed her to her apartment and we loaded up the truck. We got everything hauled into her new place and she asked if I wanted to stay for dinner. I would never pass up time with Heather so I said sure. She ordered from a Chinese place down the road. She asked if I would mind going and picking it up. She knew I would do anything for her so off I went.

When I returned I let myself in. She was not around but I could hear the shower running. I could not help myself and went to check it out. She had left the door partly open and I had a full view of her covered in lather. I watched for a few minutes while playing with myself. I figured this was what she had in mind for "my reward" for helping her. I did not let myself finish, as I did not want to blow my load all over her carpet. When she shut the water off I quickly went back to the kitchen and announced I had just returned with dinner.

She came out in a soft pink robe and sat and the table. We enjoyed dinner and she asked if I would like to hit the shower before I headed home. I politely said I would pass but she said go ahead. It will make the drive home for you a little nicer. Feeling a little awkward, I headed back to the shower. I got in the shower and started thinking about what it would be like if Heather was here. I started to stroke myself, I was getting rock hard just thinking about her.

Then it happened. I heard a sound and looked over and there she stood. She looked at me with those beautiful blue eyes smile on her face. She let the robe fall off her body, walked over, and opened the glass shower door.

"Well now that is what I was doing just half an hour ago in here." she said. "I finished myself off, do you need a little more time to do the same."

I stood there like a complete idiot just looking at her tits.

"Ummm, sorry I should be going" I said.

She looked at me with a stare that could kill a man. "What is your hurry?" She reached down and grabbed my cock in her hand.

"Damn Heather." I said. "Are you sure about this?"

Heather kind of half winked, half nodded and slowly bent over reaching for my cock with her lips. She first gave it a gentle kiss and then looked up at me.

"Bet you can't last more than 30 seconds once I start." She claimed.

"Really?" I uttered. "I'll take that bet."

"Well then." She said as she stood back up and kissed me deeply.

After a kiss that almost made me cum she pulled away from me.

"If I can make you cum in under 30 seconds you have to stay the night. We will make each other cum over and over until the sunrises. Do we have a deal?" She said in a very seductive voice.

I don't know what I was thinking when I said, "What if I last more than 30 seconds?"

She giggled and kissed me on my cheek. "No one has ever lasted more than 30 seconds on the first one. But if you do then you can leave and pretend none of this ever happened."

She lowered herself down until my throbbing cock was right in her face. She looked up at me and those blue eyes against the whites of her eyes were probably the most gorgeous thing I have ever seen.

"Ready?" she whispered.

"Let's see what you got." I stupidly said back.

She moved her lips to the tip of my cock and said, "Start counting backward from 30 as soon as your cock touches my lips"

"30, 29, 2..8, 2...7, 2..." I could not go on from there.

She let some hot shower water into her mouth for the first couple of seconds. Then she slid the tip of my cock into her warm, water filled mouth. I tried to count but that feeling of her tongue under the tip of my cock with all that warmth was amazing. I could not believe this was really happening.

She looked up at me to make eye contact and slid my entire shaft into her throat. I had heard about women that could deep throat but never been with one that could. She closed her eyes.

She had my entire cock, all 7 inches of it, in her mouth and then started to lick my balls. She had her right hand on them as well and gently squeezed them. She never gagged once. 

Between the tightness of her throat and her squeezing the cum from my balls I dumped my load deep into throat and she never slowed once. She didn't bob her head or even move. She did everything with her gifted tongue and right hand. She let me pump my load into her and continued to hold me there until every drop was out.

As she very slowly slid my cock out of her mouth I said, "20, 19, 18."

She laughed so hard I thought she might fall over.

"So now Mr. Comedian," She said. "I guess I win."

I grabbed her and held her body tight against mine with my cock pressed up against her flat abs. "I think I am one up on you and we need to even this out." I said.

She grinned and we kissed a long, deep and hard kiss. Then I held her in my arms while the water flowed off her back. Feeling her next to me with her tits pressed on my chest I wasn't sure I wanted to let her go.

We shut off the water and dried each other off. I suggested that it had been a long day and maybe we should head to bed since I had to stay the night. I think I had her going for a minute by the look on her face.

We took a couple minutes to make up the bed since we had just moved it all in. Making a bed naked was fun. Something I hope to do again.

As we finished she laid down on the bed. "So you said something about being one up?"

She was laying on the edge of the bed so that I could easily kneel down and eat out her fresh pussy. I first laid over her and kissed her again. Those lips were so soft and I thought nothing could be better. I was wrong again.

I worked my way down to her tits with rock hard nipples. I kissed the right one and gently sucked it while flicking it with my tongue. While doing that I reached up and cupped the left one in my hand. I pinched the nipple just a bit and she let out a little scream. At first, I thought maybe it was too much but after a second, I realized that she was getting into that. I pinched it harder and could feel her stiffen. So, I reached down with my right hand and touched her clit. She quivered almost instantly. Damn I thought, I might have just gotten her off in under 30 seconds. Then I wondered how many times she could go.

I let her start to relax and then I moved down to taste her wet pussy. I have always enjoyed dinning at the Y so I was really looking forward to this. Especially after all the times I had seen it while moving wires under her desk.

I slid my finger into her and started to flick my tongue on her clit. I reached up with my finger inside her and rubbed that soft ribbed area that many call the "G-Spot". It worked with her. All I had to do was apply a little pressure on it and keep my tongue moving. She started to cum again. This time with my face there, she squirted. That was yet again something I had never experienced.

While she was shaking kept the pressure up on her G-Spot and lifted my head so I could watch. Watching a woman orgasm is amazing. Watching Heather was even more.

I kept it up and she kept quivering for a couple minutes. Then out of nowhere she said, "Stop I need a minute."

I wasn't going to fall for that and I put my tongue back on her clit. She screamed "Oh my God, Oh My GOD." She started to shake and lost all control. It was incredible to see this and know I was the reason for it.

"Well now," She said as she regained some strength. "I think I may have underestimated you. If you can continue to rock me like that, I might have to bring out some of my top tricks on you. What do you think? Should we plan on a long night?"

"If that deep throat, hot water, suck job was one of your tricks, I can't wait to see what else you have in mind." I replied.

"Run out to the fridge and get us a couple bottles of water. I think we will need them." She said.

When I got to the fridge, I opened the freezer side by mistake. Guess what I saw in there. In a hot red bag on the top shelf there sat an eight-inch glass dildo. My mind started racing and I decided to grab that along with the waters.

When I got back to the bedroom, I did not see Heather. She was in the bathroom freshening up. I hid the dildo and waited for her return.

She had put on some very sexy blue lingerie that brought out her eyes. She looked stunning. She had also slipped on some high heels that really rocked her ass. She walked over slow and steady.

"What do you think?" She asked.

"I think you have the sexiest eyes I have ever seen. That outfit brings them out and I think I could get lost in them for hours." I replied.

"Well you seem to have a thing for my eyes she said. Other guys always try to look down my shirt but you seem to spend more time trying to see into my eyes. Why is that?" She inquired.

"I think you know at work I do try to look down your shirt and up your skirt." I started.

She interrupted me "You mean when you are jerking off on your side of the cubicle?"

My face must have turned a bright red. I never knew she had any idea. I just stared at her dumbfounded.

"I like that when you do it. Sometime if you want some help let me know and I'll meet you in that storage closet on second floor." She said.

"Um I think I'll take you up on that sometime". I said.

"Good. I would love to suck your cock at the office. We could make it a Thursday thing and give new meaning to thirsty Thursday".

"Well now you have me looking forward to work." I said. "So come over here and lay down with me. I have a little surprise for you."

She walked over and climbed up on the bed. She was not going to just lay there and take it so on her way over she let her hair slide over me cock. It was hard from watching her walk over. I felt her breath on me as she slowly moved by. It twitched just a bit and she stopped. She looked at me with an evil grin and gave me a quick kiss just under the head of my cock.

"Damn Heather. You really seem to love cock." I told her.

"Only thing I like more than a cock is the creamy white stuffing inside it." She said grinning. "So what is this surprise you have for me?"

I gently rolled her onto her back and reached over to the nightstand. She then saw what I had and smiled.

"Are you going to try to cool me down?"

"Heather I don't think that is possible. But I just may see what happens if I switch between this and my hot cock."

I retrieved the frozen glass dildo and slid it over her nipple. It perked up like a teenage boy on prom night. I moved it down to her hot wet pussy. As I pushed it against her clit, she squealed just a bit.

"That is cold. I usually let it warm a bit first." She said.

"Well let's get it warm then." I said as I pushed it quickly into her pussy. 

She jumped and her eyes got huge. She was not ready for that and it was a real turn on knowing that once again I surprised Heather. I slid it in and out and I could feel the walls of her pussy getting cold. I pulled it one and quickly slammed my now rock hard cock into her cold wet pussy.

"Holy SHIT!" She screamed. "That is incredible. I have always used it cold by myself."

I pulled out and shoved the still cold but not frozen dildo back into her. She jumped and quivered. I had to feel that on me so I pulled it out and rammed my cock back in her. She was pulsing like a machine gun. I thought I might lose it but wanted to hold out because I didn't know how many "shots" I would have today.

As she slowed down a bit she said, "Let me taste me on your cock."

I pulled out and she grabbed my ass and pulled me up quickly into her mouth. She started to suck on me but just stared at me with those eyes. I swear I could see into that woman's soul right then. She just stared at me, sucking my cock. The woman of my dreams had my cock in her mouth again. I could not believe it. I was going to bust a nut again.

"Fuck I taste so good on you." She said when she paused for a breath. "I want your cum again. I want it now."

She pulled me out of her mouth and started to jerk me off.

"Cum on my face, I know you want to. Cum on these eyes you love so much. I want your hot sticky cum in my beautiful blue eyes." She said while jerking my cock slow and steady. "Cum all over my pretty face and eyes. I want to see you thru your cum in my eyes."

"Oh fuck Heather." I said as I felt my load building in my balls. "oh fuck, Oh Fuck, OH FUCK."

She kept her eyes open as my hot jizz shot first on her right eye and then her left. After five shots across her face and eyes, she put my cock back in her mouth. She sucked me again moaning the entire time. She had closed her eyes at this point but did not stop sucking.

When she stopped, she opened her eyes and looked at me.

"Well what do you think? Do you still think I have pretty eyes?"

"My God Heather, I never thought I would have my cum covering your face and eyes. You are amazing. I guess I never knew if all those things you answered on that email were true or not but I guess they were."

"Well let me tell you a little secret. That whole email was just to tease you. I set that up with Kelly. I have not done most of those things. I have read about it and I love watching porn. I have just always been afraid to try most of it. That and most of the guys I go out with are assholes. All the nice guys like you won't ask me because you are too afraid." She stated, somewhat depressed.

"Heather now you have my attention. I never knew a woman like you would be interested in someone like me. I guess I'll have to change that and we will see where this goes."

"Well I'll tell you where this is going. It is only 1:00 am and we still have a lot of time before morning. Sleep will not be happening here so get yourself a drink and let's get you hard again. I am NOT finished with you yet." She said with a big grin on her face.

"Really?" I said. "What do you have in mind now?"

"Well I told you I have things I have been not willing to try with others. Maybe with you it will be different." She raised her eyebrows a bit and said, "I think I might still be a couple up on you so I'll have to see what I can do to even the score. Why don't you just lay back there and let me drive for a bit."

I laid back on the bed and she moved her head down to my cock again. I felt spent and was sure there was no way I could get it up for any more tonight. She played with my soft cock and looked up at me. She opened her mouth and wrapped her lips around me. My sensation seemed greater and I could feel her tongue move all over my cock. It began to pulse and soon she had me hard again.

"Well that didn't take too much convincing did it?" She asked, not really expecting an answer.

She sat up and again looked at me with those eyes. They alone were able to keep me hard. She got on top of me and started to play with her pussy. She started to moan and just kept doing it herself. I thought she was going to let me inside her but she just kept going. Soon she was Cumming again and squirting all over me.

"Oops". She smiled. "I guess I just went up another one on you. Sorry for that I just couldn't help myself. Let me clean that up for you."

She went down on me and licked up as much of her juice as she could. She then slid up to me and kissed me so that I could again taste her. While kissing me I felt her hand grab my cock. She slipped me inside her with ease. She sat up and started to grind away on me. She rode up and down my shaft pumping me like a Goddess. She could tell I was about to blow my third load and stopped.

Looking me deep in my eyes she said, "I think you are wet enough from me now. I want your cock in my ass."

She could see by my face that I was surprised. I had never had anal sex before and with what she told me earlier, she had not either.

"Please just let me control how deep you go. I'll try to get you all in me but I don't know for how long. Please cum quickly. I want to feel that but I'm afraid I can't do this long". She said with pouty eyes.

"Heather I will let you do everything. Don't worry I think I might burst just thinking about this." I told her.

She got on me in reverse cowgirl and slipped my cock in her tight ass. Just a bit at first. I could feel my load building. I wanted to wait and see how deep she would take me. Then with a sudden scream, she dropped her weight on me forcing my entire cock up her tiny ass. 

She pushed on me and yelled, "Fucking cum now, CUM NOW!"

With Heather on top of me with that sweet ass wrapped around my cock, I did the only thing I could. I dumped my load up her ass. I'm sure it was not as big a load as the one I pumped in her throat a few hours earlier but it was still a load. 

As my cock throbbed and pumped cum in her ass, she screamed. "Holy Mother Fucking God. Fuck me harder."
