 I'm not quite sure what I was even thinking when I crossed the factory floor to see what John was up to. I mean, I knew what he was doing: He was sitting cross-legged on the floor, obviously fixing one of the machines. Maybe I just wanted to talk for a bit. John has always been my confidant, and always hears me out when I have a problem, but that's as far as it ever went since we are both happily married. But sometimes out of the corner of my eye, I catch a glimpse of him staring at me, when he thinks I'm not looking, lost in his own little world. And every morning when we meet, he looks into my eyes for just a moment too long as if he's looking for the answer to a question he dares not ask. Sometimes I think he just likes looking at my eyes, usually outlined with a hint of deep blue eye shadow. But sometimes I sense he's peering deep into my soul. And other times he sees right through me. It's so cute the way he tries so hard to hide his feelings but I've always known that he's had a huge crush on me since the day we met, and that's okay with me. It makes my heart a little lighter if I can make his day a little brighter. 

Anyway, I was just glad he was in today; last week I caught my husband chatting with his ex girlfriend on-line and I suppose my heart was feeling a bit heavy. I guess I just needed a friend. So many men in my life have caused me pain and I could not bear one more heartache. That's why I confide in John: He doesn't judge me, doesn't push me, and I know deep down in my heart that he would never do anything to hurt me. Fortunately, we were the only ones in today; the plant was shut down but we both had some work to catch up on. Sometimes it's nice to have a little one-on-one with my friend without all the distractions of work that usually get in our way.

Deep in concentration, he didn't seem to notice as I lazily strolled up beside him. "Good morning sunshine, what's up?" I joked, pointing down to the bulge in his jeans. He slowly turned his head until he was staring straight into my pussy, outlined by my skin tight black shorts. His gaze lingered for a moment, then his eyes moved slowly up my body, as if he was savouring every delicious curve, until our eyes locked. I've never been all that happy with my body, but the look in his eyes at that moment made me feel like I was the most beautiful woman in the world. Not saying a word, he reached up and put his hands on my ass, no doubt to see how I would react. Well I reacted alright, with a little wetness between my thighs and a whole swarm of butterflies in my stomach as I thought of how my cheating hubby had hurt me so much, and the one man who would never, ever betray me, no matter what. My thoughts were swimming in a sea of confused sensuality as I thought of something John said a long time ago, something about not having tasted another woman for "damn near seven years." "Could this happening?" I wondered. Can friends do this? Could I do this?

John's eyes never left mine as he gently pulled me closer. My god, I was soaking wet. I offered absolutely no resistance as his hands caressed my ass, then moved over my hips, and finally came to rest on my smooth belly. My breath was coming in shudders as he tentatively lifted my tee shirt, exposing my belly button. He closed his dreaming eyes and began kissing my tummy, finally planting his tongue in my sensitive navel and giving a few little licks. "So beautiful, so beautiful," he murmured and, like a flower in bloom, I let all my defences down and opened myself up completely. With a surprised grin, he stuck his tongue out and ran it up the vee in my shorts. An involuntary "Oh" escaped my lips as I took his head in my hands and pulled him closer still. In one swift motion, he removed my shorts, and my pink satin panties were revealed, vaguely transparent from the growing wet spot. Running his fingers around my panty covered mound, I could hear his low moaning of approval as he inhaled the scent of my sex. "Mmmmmm" he repeated over and over as he deftly ran his fingers through the dark curls poking out from beneath my soaking wet panties. Fingers were soon replaced by his talented tongue, as he kissed and licked his way all over my plump pussy lips, now parted by just a thin string of material.

I had no choice but to surrender to the passion, and threw my head back, whispering his name over and over and over. My hands instinctively began massaging my breasts under my sky blue tee shirt, straining against my growing nipples. I absolutely adore playing with my tits, especially the sensitive area around my nipples. I could feel my heart fluttering, and my breathing was ragged. "Oh my love," I whispered in a low throaty moan as John pulled my panties to one side, exposing my furry pussy, which by now was leaking girl cum down my thighs. Fireworks went off in my head when he parted my lips with his thumbs and worked his tongue up and down my wide open sex, drinking down the juices now coming in little spurts. Mini orgasms were exploding one after another, increasing in intensity, building up to the inevitable big one. "Oh god, oh god" I blabbered senselessly, my hips thrusting, when all of a sudden, his lips surrounded my engorged clit, kissing my very soul. When he began flicking the tip of his tongue over my clit while simultaneously sucking on it, I couldn't hold back any longer. "I'm cumming" I screamed. "I'm cummiiiiiiiing" and as I fell into an explosion of flowers and colours, I came furiously, spurting my cum all over his tongue. He clamped his lips over my flooding pussy to catch as much as he could; I could hear him gulping it down. My pussy was spasming for a full two minutes after that as he licked all over my pussy and thighs, drinking down the juices of our lovemaking. "You might as well keep these," I said as I stripped off my panties and placed them in his hand. He brought them up to his face and inhaled the my scent one last time before putting them in his pocket. 

As I helped him to his feet, he put his strong arms around me and we kissed for the first time. I could taste myself on his lips as he brushed the dark curls from my forehead, and ran his fingers through my hair, slightly damp from our passion. At that moment I felt safe for the first time in my life, as if no man could ever hurt me again.