 Timidly, Heather peaked around the door.

"Ah yes, Miss Becker. I'm glad you got my message." The man waved her in.

"Are you sure professor? If you're busy, I could come back later." She nervously shuffled back and forth.

"No, no come on in." He motioned to a seat in front of his desk. "I wanted to talk to you about your paper."

Heather came in and sat down, smoothing her short, plaid skirt nervously. "Yeah, I'm sorry. I have just been really busy at home and then work called me in..."

"I'm not interested in your excuses Miss Becker."

"But -"

"Enough. Don't think I haven't noticed you coming to class late or even skipping it all together." He got up and walked around the desk. "Frankly, you've trying to skate by from the first day." He picked up a paper from his desk. "And now this paper seals your fate. You'll be failing the semester."

Tears welled up in the teenager's eyes. "I can't fail Professor Dyson. My parents will disown me."

He shook his head. "I guess you should have thought about that earlier."

"Can't I make up the paper?"

"We have deadlines for a reason Miss Becker."

"Please?!?" She looked up at him with pleading eyes. Intentionally, she leaned forward, knowing that her white button down shirt would reveal her C cup breasts to the best advantage. He gave her a long look and, sure enough, she saw his eyes flit from her eyes downward. She leaned farther. "Isn't there anything I can do?"

His eyes lingered on her cleavage before sliding down to her crossed legs that left little to the imagination thanks to the short plaid skirt.

"Perhaps..." He shook his head and placed her paper on his desk. "Why don't you come up and read me your paper."

She looked at him questioningly but smiled and stood by the desk. As she reached for the paper, he grabbed her arm. "No, leave it on the desk and read it aloud."

"Ok..." Heather shook her head and leaned forward. "Why marijuana should be legalized by Heather Becker. Many people only think of marijuana as a gateway drug, but they don't realize that for most of American history, marijuana was very, very helpful. Many products -" She felt a hand lightly touch her ass. She could feel his hot breath on her ear. "Professor?"

"Shhhh... Keep reading." His hand was more persistent now and kneaded her ass.

"But sir..."

"You want to pass, right?" His hand cupped her ass.

"Yes sir."

"Then I want you to read your paper aloud." Heather felt her skirt being lift up and tucked into her belt. "A thong! You are a very naughty girl."

Heather bowed her head, blushing.

SLAP!

The sting of pain was followed by pleasurable warmth as his large palm rubbed her bare skin. "Say you are a naughty girl."

"But sir..."

SLAP!

"Say it."

SLAP!

"I am a naughty girl."

She felt the hand move to down to her pussy and rubbed her pussy through the thong creating delicious sensations. "Yes you are... you are wet from this, aren't you?"

Her face was aflame with shame. "Yes sir."

SLAP!

"Keep reading and this time you better now stop for anything."

"Yes sir." Heather felt the hand circling one cheek and then the other. "Many products are made from hemp like rope" SLAP! "paper" SLAP! "and even clothes." SLAP! Heather's ass was on fire from pain/pleasure. Almost unconsciously, she pushed her rear out to meet the spanking.

"It was only in the 1930s that the first law was passed to make marijuana illegal." A cool breeze whispered across her ass giving her goosebumps. A warm, stiff cock rubbed against her and she felt her thong being moved aside. "It was around the same time that alcohol was banned by the Temperance movement. Ohhhh." His cock head slipped up and down on her wet slit, lubricating before it began to press against her tight hole. "The federal government yesssssss..." His cock worked inside her slowly, its thickness filling her completely. "The federal government passed the Marihuana Tax Act in 1937." His hands grabbed her hips and pulled himself completely into her.

The words blurred before Heather's vision as pleasure began to overwhelm her. Each thrust plunged deeper into her and she began to moan in pleasure.

"Very good Miss Becker. I think I was too hard on your paper." He chuckled and slammed into harder.

"Oh yes Professor. Fuck me!"

She pushed herself against him, meeting each thrust. She started to move her hand to her clit when the cockhead hit her G-spot. Pleasure flashed through her body, making her body crumble. She fell onto the desk and it was only his hands on her hips that kept her standing.

"Fuck me!"

Harder he pushed in. Harder he thrust. She could feel the cock violent pummeling in and out of her. Her face resting on the cool desk as he continued to fuck her.

"Oh yeah, Miss Becker!" He groaned and she felt his cock spasm. On the next thrust, it hit her spot again and she climaxed again on him. The spurting warmth mixed with the heat of her own pleasure and she felt she would melt the desk she was collapsed upon.

He slowly continued to pump in and out of her until his softened cock plopped out.

Heather didn't care that she was still bare assed as she tried to catch her breath. That had been incredible!

Don moved around and sat back at his desk. He leaned forward, meeting her gaze. "Well, was the professor/student fantasy as hot as you had hoped?"

Heather laughed. "You couldn't tell by how much I got into it? Nice job with the role play... professor." She finally stood up and fixed her skirt. She reached and readjusted her thong to avoid leaking. She looked out the large living room windows. The eastern sky was purpling above Lake Michigan as the sun began to set. "You were right, it really is beautiful up here at sunset." She walked around the desk and sat in his lap. "Hmmmm... I wonder if there would be a way to do this at my college..."

Don shook his head with a wide grin. "You really are a naughty, naughty girl." He fondled her breast through the shirt and smiled. "That is a horrible paper though. I hope you didn't turn it in."

Heather picked up the paper and put it in her bag. "Naw... well I did, but it was for a high school English class, not college."

His hand slipped under her shirt and tweaked her left nipple. "Well that's good to hear."

The teen leaned forward and bit his neck lightly. "My college has auditoriums and there have to be times when they are empty and most have some sort of desk." She wiggled her butt and thought she could feel his cock begin to stir. She kissed up to his earlobe. "Getting into an office would be tougher." She moved so her hand could rub his groin. It was definitely hard. She leaned back and smiled wickedly.

Don stroked her hair. "What do you have in mind young lady?"

"Do you have an office? Maybe someday I come by and go under your desk." She slid down between his legs and tugged his zipper down. "You could work, take calls, maybe even have people in for a meeting while I do this."

She pulled out his cock and swallowed as much as she could in one gulp. She tasted herself, but that added to the excitement. Another thing she had never done before! Don groaned giving filling her with hot desire. She worked back up to the head and began to circle it with her tongue. His hands began to play with her hair.

She looked up and saw him staring back with intensity. Their gazes locked as she lowered her mouth down his shaft again. The thought of actually doing this in school or his office was a huge turn on. She moved her mouth up and down faster, her hand grasping the base of the shaft. She had never done anything in public, but now the possibilities began to shimmer in front of her.

"I'm going to cum."

Heather sucked harder, moving quicker up and down his shaft. She used her hand to massage the base and felt it swell in respond.

"Oh yeah!"

She swallowed his cum... a surprisingly large amount since they had just had sex. She kept it in her mouth, using her tongue to make sure it was completely clean before releasing it from her mouth.

Carefully, she tucked it back in his underwear and zipped up his pants.

"I think you liked the idea of doing it in your office too." She smiled and licked her lip to get an escaped drop of cum.

Don nodded. "I did that once when I was right out of college. Never did it since."

Heather stood up and kissed him soundly. She was pleased when he kissed back. So many boys refused to kiss after head, as if she didn't kiss them after they had gone down on her.

She gathered up her things and walked towards the door before looking back and winked. "See you soon!"

As she walked out the door, a shiver of excitement danced through her body.