 Desire makes a woman do things she never imagined she could – or would.

For me, that desire-driven act was to agree to meet a man I'd spoken with online, and then actually follow through with the agreement.

I didn't think I had something like that in me. Sure, I had a one-night stand in college with a guy who had a girlfriend, and I had fucked my current boyfriend on our first date – stoned and drunk, and on the floor in my ex-fiancé's bedroom. None of that, however, was planned. This was.

When Sam first suggested we get together, I thought it was all talk. He was married, and though I was disappointed with my sex life with my boyfriend, I loved him enough to never want to hurt him. Even when I discovered he was banging one of his clients while he was out of town at a convention, I assumed it was something I did, that I wasn't desirable enough. But after weeks of talking, I realized Sam was serious. Even more shocking, so was I.

Still, I couldn't believe that I slipped into my leopard thong and matching bra, black skirt and red blouse the minute my boyfriend left that afternoon on another trip. I carefully applied make-up, spiked my short red hair in the appropriate places. I couldn't believe that I dialed up Sam and told him to meet me at the Hyatt in Indy. I couldn't believe it, but I did it just the same.

Driving was interesting. My pussy dripped and ached just thinking of all the plans we had discussed. By the time I made it to downtown Indy, I thought I'd come the minute I laid eyes on him. I entered the hotel lobby, but didn't see him.

Maybe he'd changed his mind. Maybe I got the location mixed up. Maybe…

A gentle kiss on the nape of my neck. A rose being handed to me. I stood there for a moment, eyes closed. My heart slammed against my chest and a thousand butterflies hatched in my stomach.

"Boo," he whispered, and I could almost feel him smile.

I whirled around and kissed him full on the lips.

"Hiya," I said back after breaking the kiss.

"You look stunning," he said, holding my hand as I twirled around for him. "Too bad you're going to be losing that outfit in about five minutes."

"Indeed," I replied. "But, I think I can accept that."

We must have checked in. And, at some point, we must have walked to the elevator, depressed the button, and stepped in. But what happened before that moment slips my mind. It's the after that I remember.

A nice, well-bred young couple stood silent as he and I kissed and groped in the elevator. They politely turned their heads as he fumbled for the button that would take us to our floor as our lips remained in contact. They even managed to make small talk as his hand slipped up my creamy thigh and under my black skirt, his fingers exploring the velvet panel of my underwear. And who knows what they did after he and I stumbled through the doors and onto our floor. Who cares?

I wrapped my arms around his waist as slipped the hotel pass key into the slot, and as soon as we entered the room, I started to dispense with my clothing. He shot me a disapproving look.

"What?" I asked, my hands still poised to unbutton my skirt.

"Having a woman undress herself is like having someone else remove the wrapping from your Christmas present," he said as he approached me. "It's rude."

He slipped his arms around my waist and moved in to kiss me. Our eyes remained opened slightly as we kissed, soft and sweet, tongues barely grazing. His hands found their way to my hair and began to tug. I groaned, fumbled for his fly, but he broke our kiss.

"Are you greedy, or have you just not been fucked properly in awhile?" he asked, blue eyes sparkling.

"I guess I …" I started, but he interrupted by kissing me quickly.

"Impatience doesn't suit you. You need a lesson. Lean over the bed," he instructed. "Leave your clothes on."

I did so, and hoped against hope this wasn't going to turn into the rough stuff that my boyfriend was into. I heard him take off his belt and waited anxiously has he removed his pants. He lifted my skirt over my hips, bent down and kissed each cheek. 

"You're really pale," he said with a snicker. "Didn't you go outside this summer?"

"I'm sorry. I don't tan," I replied, my face still on the bed.

He spanked my ass playfully. 

"Relax, will ya? You're acting like a scolded puppy."

He was right. My muscles unclenched as he continued to plant kisses on my backside and my neck. It had been awhile since I had actually made love to someone instead of just fucking, and I wanted to enjoy it. He slipped his fingers through the waistband of my panties and pulled them down to around my ankles, then began to trace lines up my thighs with his fingernails. I quivered as he gently fingered my lips, coating his finger in my sticky juices. I could feel his bare leg touching mine and the feel of his silk boxers against my thigh was driving me insane. His now-coated finger was tracing circles around my asshole, and I drew my breath in as he started to prod the insides. I lifted my hips off the bed slightly to give him better access. 

"How does that feel? Do you enjoy it?" he asked, even though he must have known the answer.

"Oh God, yes," I moaned.

"Do you think you're about to cum?"

I managed a nod, and he removed his finger.

"Well, then, I think it's time for my cock to get some attention, don't you?"

"Most definitely," I responded.

I pushed up from the bed and spun around so that I was now sitting and his cock was directly in front of my face, poking anxiously from the fly of his boxers. I put my arms around his lower torso and drew him toward my face. I put just the tip of it in my mouth and undulated my tongue over it. His hands flew to the back of my head immediately and pulled on my hair. I tugged at his boxers, and he obliged by removing them for me. His cock was fully engorged and waiting for release. I gazed up into his eyes as I took the length of him in my mouth. The trick I learned was to swallow as the tip hits the back of your throat. It makes taking them in easier and also gives a hell of a sensation for the recipient.

"Oh, shit," he breathed, putting his head back and closing his eyes.

I sucked him for awhile, my head bobbing up and down, mouth gliding along his shaft. I then wrapped my hand around his cock and took just his head into my mouth, and sucked as I pulled the tip out. Pop! I repeated the bob-suck-pop process until I could taste his wonderful, sticky precum.

"Now who's about to cum?" I asked, smiling up at him.

"You are," he replied as he pushed me back on the bed. 

He pulled my hips down to the edge and knelt before me, burying his face in my bare pussy. I gripped the bed sheets with one hand and fought the urge to push his face closer in with my other hand. The bridge of his nose was pressed flush against my clit and his tongue was finding his way inside of my pussy. It had been going on four years since I had anyone eat me out and give my body this much attention. I was done for.

My hips flew up and my body began that uncontrollable quiver. Poor Sam. I covered his goatee with my juices as I came for what seemed like an eternity. How completely embarrassing.

As I calmed down, he slipped in bed beside me.

"Do you think you could handle having me inside you after that?"

I looked at him and kissed away the taste of me from his lips.

"I will be most disappointed if you don't fuck me right now," I said with a grin.

He wrapped his arms around me and rolled me over on top of him, grabbing my hips and pushing me into him in one fluid motion. I let him guide how hard, how fast, by the pressure of his hands on my hips. I leaned down into him as we fucked, our lips searching for each other. The feel of him inside of me was exquisite, and I wanted more of it. 

"Get on top," I begged.

Once more he grabbed me and rolled me over, pushing my knees almost up to my ears. I watched his face as he pushed himself in again. He gave me the pleasure of leaving his eyes open, blue and half-lidded as he ground into me. 

"I want to come inside of you," he said – not searching for permission, but stating a fact.

"Yes," I whispered, "please."

He let go in a triumphant groan, and, amazingly, the act caused me to have my first coital orgasm. I dug my fingers into his ass, pushing him as far in as I could as he drained himself into me. He collapsed on top of me, and I held him there, whispering words of bare emotion to him.

"Shh…" he said. "I know."

I touched his hand and felt the gold band on his ring finger. This was his permanent state. I knew he loved the wife he was going back to and that it was only an evening that was ours. We made the most of the rest of that night. We lay in bed for awhile, became aroused again, fucked like the last couple on earth, and slept for a couple of hours.

Daybreak arrived like always, and I let him go back home with a kiss and clumsily made plans to meet again. 

I'd like to say we kept them, but life gets in the way of what we want sometimes. But other times, it's the other way around.