 Story contents -- Heaven in Red is a hot story about the effect of a sexy dress on a middle aged man.

It takes a hot woman from just generally hot to WOW instantly! Read as this story unfolds into visualization!

--

Dusty had asked his lover Christy to go out on Saturday night for their favorite game of "Show Off" at a local pub. He was feeling extra adventurous this weekend since it had been quite a long time since he and Christy had done this.

On any other occasion to go to a bar or club, they usually just dressed for comfort but tonight Dusty wanted perfection in beauty and sexiness from Christy as only she could do it! 

Christy was a tall beauty with long dark hair, sexy eyes and a body to die for! BUT, she kept it covered way too much of the time!

She had strong shoulders and arms that looked as though she worked out every day. Missing nothing in the big natural titty department, she possessed a perfect pair of big natural boobs capped with silver dollar nipples so sensitive that they showed through even the thickest of bras. Her hips flared out below into the most perfect womanly ass on the planet! She was tall so her long legs were hard to miss as well.

At precisely 8PM Dusty rang her door bell dressed in a nice casual yet business like outfit. He felt comfortable yet professional in his appearance tonight. Seconds went by and he was about to ring again when he heard the deadbolt slide and Christy swung the door full open. 

Bam! It was like Dusty had been struck by a pissed off lightning bolt! Christy obviously went shopping today because she was wearing the sexiest red dress that Dusty had ever seen! It was bare shouldered and supported by the built in bra it contained. Cut so low that the very shadow of the edge of her aureoles was just peeking above the upper edge of the cups. 

Christy had a beautiful Rose Tattoo on the upper part of her right breast which the dress accentuated to Dusty's delight! He lowered his gazed and followed the dress down her torso which was cinched snugly around her middle. This made the flair of her hips even more pronounced! The dress was cut to be just about knee length but the front was cut up to her upper inner thighs! 

Dusty couldn't imagine how she could sit in that dress without her panties showing. Lastly, being tall anyway, high heels were not the norm for Christy but tonight was special and different! She wore black dress 4 inch high heals to show off her legs and ass. They did the job well!

Speechless, Dusty stammered for the words but only mumbled "God!" 

Christy smiled and said, "You Approve Sir?" 

Dusty said, "Yeah, a lot! Holy Shit Christy! You are going to need security in that dress!"

Dusty had never seen Christy look like this before! She was already so sexy it hurts but this was over the top! He motioned for the car and followed Christy down the flower lined walkway to the car. 

As Christy walked ahead of him, he was treated to a view of her gently swaying ass in the dress she picked out for him. He opened the car door for her and ushered her inside. As she slid in, he was offered a beautiful view of her lacy red matching panties. 

On the way to the pub, Christy moved over and snuggled against her man. He could feel the fullness of her breast against him as he drove. He was near senseless with love and lust in a perfectly blended dosage for the evening! 

Christy kissed the side of Dusty's neck and said "I Love You Dusty". He kissed her sideways and said, "Christy, I Know, I know you do! And I you, my darling." 

The trip was over and they had arrived at the club. Dusty ushered Christy from the car to the entrance and tossed the keys to the valet. The valet smiled as he visually raped Christy. As they entered the front door of the club there was a hush in some of the voices. It was like time had stopped and Dusty and Christy were the only thing alive and moving in the club. 

The music was playing but all eyes were on Christy! Even the other women were eying her as she sashayed into the dimly lit room. The women were looking at her like the queen of the night had just arrived and the men were all looking at her from her chest down.

Dusty led Christy over to a table he has reserved in a corner. It was romantic and cozy with a rounded, half moon booth table. Christy slid in and Dusty protectively slid in after her. 

The waiter was there right away and asked for their drinks order. Christy ordered a dinner wine and Dusty ordered a Martini. He looked at Christy and asked "Are you OK love?" 

She said, "Yes I am fine but I am a little embarrassed!"

Dusty asked "why in the world would she be embarrassed?" 

Christy just said, "the dress baby! You know?" Christy was always bashful about her appearance and tonight was no different. Dusty never could understand this at all. It almost angered him that she was so damn beautiful yet didn't see what he and every other person that met Christy already knew! She was unusual. She was so beautiful that it made women jealous and men wild with hunger. Dusty was a man! All man and hungry for Christy 24 hours a day!

The drinks arrived and were well welcomed by Christy and Dusty. Dusty needed to calm his overactive nerves and pride for Christy and Christy had a very dry mouth from all the stares on the way in. 

There was another table at a slight angle to theirs and the couple sitting at the table kept glancing over at Christy and Dusty from time to time. Dusty knew that from the viewpoint the couple had, they couldn't help but see Christy's beautiful red panties! 

Christy noticed this too and instead of wiggling around trying to hide them, sat in a usual position snuggled up against Dusty. As she kissed Dusty on his right cheek, she gently placed her hand on his lap. She could feel his thick cock which had been swollen all evening in his pants. 

Dusty was comforted to know he had purposely chosen a dark blue colored pair of slacks and the wet spot wouldn't be visible but Christy felt it nonetheless. She traced a finger over the spot and touched it to her lips while looking into Dusty's deep brown eyes. She then kissed him deeply.

Dusty glanced at the other table several times and noticed the man was intently watching him and Christy. The man's wife had not missed her husband's attention on Christy's panties either. She was obviously getting perturbed with her husband's stares. 

Dusty then asked Christy to dance, which she eagerly accepted. There was a band playing a slow romantic song that neither Dusty of Christy knew but it felt good. As the two entered the dance floor, there were sideways looks from some of the other couples dancing. 

Dusty held Christy in his arms as she molded her pliable body against him like a sheet of plastic. To them, there was nothing in the world that's even remotely mattered at that moment. Only their touch, their love, the sexiness of the night, and what was to come later. 

They danced as if they were booked on separate spaceships to go to separate planets that night! Is if they might never see each other again. To each, there was nothing that mattered but the other one!

Unfortunately, a few minutes later and the song ended. Dusty could not take the sexual tension anymore and excused himself to the bathroom as he seated Christy back at the table.

Christy knew Dusty all too well and knew that he was about to bust! The thought went through her mind that he might actually have to relieve the pressure of his balls in the men's room. 

She was having none of that for sure! She got up and made her way to the hall where the bathroom were. There was no one in the hallway so she slightly opened the men's room door and said "Housekeeping! Anyone here?"

Dusty knew her voice and said, "Just us chicken's!" Christy turned and locked the door and went around the corner to find Dusty. She flew into his arms and said, "I need you inside me right fucking now!" 

Dusty knew he would last maybe 30 seconds inside her but he didn't care! Christy knew this too but she also knew that Dusty's cum was NOT going to be wasted down a toilet tonight!

Dusty turned Christy around and positioned her leaning over the vanity. He raised her dress and pulled down her panties partway down her thighs. Cock swollen to evil proportions, he roughly entered her sopping pussy from behind like an animal. Christy screamed as her pussy was forced open to accept him. 

Christy was sopping wet already and when Dusty entered her it forced quite a bit of her juices out which ran down her legs. Christy felt this and, as usual was proud of her wet pussy! She knew that Dusty would clean that up for her after wards. 

Dusty was right.....28........29........O MY GOD I LOVE YOU CHRISTY! He came, flooding her pussy with red hot cum! Christy had learned that even if he did this, he would more than make up for it orally after-wards, in fact loved to eat her pussy with his own cum in it. She loved this about Dusty! He was hers and hers alone! 

They re arranged their state of undress and started to make their way back to the table when Christy stopped in her tracks and turned to face Dusty. She held his face in her hands and kissed him. She said, "Dusty, I need to cum. Can you take me home now?"

Dusty, simply said, "No, my dear, I cannot take you home now. We have a reservation at the Octagon!" He kneeled down and licked up their combined mess which was running down her long legs.

The Octagon was a well known beachfront hotel known for it's romantic fantasy rooms. It was situated on the beach and each suite offered it's own balcony with Jacuzzi. 

When Dusty and Christy entered the suite, Christy squealed, "Oh My!" She turned and hugged Dusty, kissing him so hard he thought he tasted blood. Christy walked out onto the balcony and saw the Jacuzzi. Immediately she started undressing to get in the Jacuzzi but as she and Dusty got nude, he stopped her from stepping into the water. Saying, "Ah, not yet, my love!" 

Puzzled, Christy said, "what?" Dusty took her hands and led her to the heart shaped bed and laid her back on it. Smiling, he traced his way down her angelic body, kissing everywhere, stopping to spend extra time on her aureoles, navel, and public mound. He loved her and he loved to tease her. 

Christy, being the sexual animal she was, grabbed Dusty's head and "Headed Him Home". She WAS to have an orgasm tonight! It didn't take long for Dusty to lick her to the best and most powerful orgasm of her life!

Every time Dusty ate her, it just got better and better for her and tonight was no exception! When She came, she sprayed Dusty's face with her juices. Dusty was very used to this and welcomed it as a sign of satisfaction. He knew that when Christy had just a normal orgasm, she would let out her white, slippery juice which he loved to clean up, but when she had a "Super O" as he called it, there would be lots of the white, woman cum accompanied by quite a squirt of pee as well. Tonight it didn't want to stop, EVER! The bed was soaked! 

They spent the next several hours in the Jacuzzi talking and hugging. Talking about the view, the evening and professing their unshakable love for each other. Finally, unable to stay awake they retired to the dry side of the bed. The snuggled up and went to sleep for a few hours.

At about 7AM, Dusty stirred, feeling a familiar pull in his loin. He felt Christy swallowing his cock which she usually did anytime they woke together. 

Christy had the unique talent to deep throat him without choking. She wasn't happy until her chin was hard against his balls. It didn't take long for Dusty to reach the point of no return either! He knew that he'd better not say anything to break Christy's concentration as she fellated him. 

She needed no warning of an impending orgasm because she wanted ALL his cum! Not one drop was wasted! As expected, Dusty moaned and started to orgasm in Christy's mouth. The first spurt hit the back of Christy's throat, then the second, 

She had to swallow because there was no room for another spurt. The third, fourth and fifth spurts filled her mouth again. Instead of swallowing, she kept it in her mouth and continued sucking Dusty's cock until it shrank again in her mouth. 

Christy then slid up Dusty's chest and kissed him deeply, allowing the cum in her mouth to enter his as they shared a soulful, erotic kiss. She was happy and so was the love of her entire life, Dusty.

PART TWO coming soon!