 The cold air bit into Mark's cheeks, he lifted the lapels on his coat higher up in a vain attempt to stop the chill wind. He lowered his head and walked a little quicker the allure of a warm glass of single malt whisky spurring him on. It was November and autumn had come on in all its glory over the weekend, one morning the leaves were green and the sky a dark blue. The next day, the air had turned crisp, the sky had paled and the trees were now aflame with leaves of golden fire. 

Mark gave a sigh of relief as he rounded the corner and saw the welcoming sight of the glass doors to his apartment block, a sudden gust of wind took the sigh forcibly from his pursed lips and Mark forced himself into a jog. He swiped his key card and heard the dull metallic thump as the lock disengaged. He pushed the door open and stepped into the foyer that was a balmy 23 degrees Celsius. "Hold the door please!" The woman's voice carried on the wind and Mark turned grabbing the door and held it open. The woman, Kate or Cat, was new to the apartments and lived a few doors down from Mark. Her arms were full with a large box, dancing round her feet was a child no older than four Mark guessed. 

"Here, let me," Mark reached out taking the box either side, his hands brushing against Kate or Cat's icy fingers. She relinquished the box without a fight and gave him an out of breath thanks. "You shouldn't be carrying stuff like this, not in your condition." He looked down briefly at Kate or Cat's swollen belly as if the woman needed a clue to what he meant.

"You sound like my parents..." Her cheeks and nose were a rosy hue from the cold. She bit her full lower lip as she tried to remember his name.

"Mark, I live a few doors down." He felt a bite of disappointment at the fact that she had not remembered his name but saying that she had only knocked on his door once since moving in and that was just to say hi and that was two weeks ago. "Come on I'll give you a hand."

"Thank you Mark," She over emphasised his name letting him know that she would not forget it again. The lift came swiftly and Mark exchanged a hello with a couple who stepped out of the lift. The doors swished closed and he felt his stomach sink as the lift moved upwards. He moved the box about, feeling something clunk and jangle inside and he froze, Kate or Cat gave a gentle laugh, "Don't panic, it's nothing expensive just some of Carl's toys," She reached down and mussed up the fair hair on the child's head.

"How are you finding the apartments?" Mark asked.

Kate or Cat smiled and nodded "Better than I expected, everyone is really friendly and the view of the woods is nice too." 

"Is your husband away on business?" Mark had noted on the day she moved in it had been only herself and her parents that had moved everything. He had noted the wedding ring when she had stopped by to say hello that was after he had noticed how attractive she was and before he noticed the swell of pregnancy.

She hesitated with her answer long enough for Mark to realise he had touched on a tricky subject. "We're separated is probably the best way to put it, have been for a few months now, it's just me and Carl. Well that is until this one comes along." She patted her belly and smiled widely. "Only a couple more months now."

Kate thanked Mark she had now made a mental note of his name a little ashamed she had forgotten it so quickly at first. Then as he said goodbye at her door after dropping the box just inside the doorway he had confessed to not remembering her name and she felt less guilty. Carl was finally fast asleep and Kate sat in the living room, feet up on the low coffee table, her swollen ankles buzzing. One hand rubbed absently at her belly the other pulling her red hair out of the tight bun that held it affixed to the back of her head before massaging her forehead. Everything had been planned out years ago by Kate and her then husband John. Carl had turned up on time and they both agreed once he was three they would try for number two. Like clockwork Kate fell pregnant...then the police came knocking at the door, followed by the newspapers. The court case was a disaster. John could not explain where 2.2 million pounds of his employer's money had disappeared to and when wife number two had turned up Kate's world imploded.

And just like that she was alone, a single mother expecting to raise two children. The tears had been fierce, the hate towards John even more so. But Kate picked herself back up, her job in advertising was secure her own employers were far more understanding than she ever thought they would be. Her outlook on life began to change. Moving out of the marital home was just what she needed, a new start. John was nothing more than a bitter memory.

"I need a glass of wine," she muttered to herself, her tongue running across her lips at the thought of a crisp white. Her hand that had been rubbing her belly had travelled further down, just under the swell, her little finger just above her pubic bone. Her mind flicked back to John briefly, the look on his face when Kate's hormones had gone berserk when she was pregnant with Carl, a mix of excitement and worry. Kate had become insatiable, by the end of the second week John had actually pleaded with her to let him rest. They had gone from a couple who would have sex once every couple of days maybe twice on Saturday and Sunday, to twice to three times a day every day. John even went to the length of buying her a viberator he had joked he was worried about her grabbing the nearest man to fuck when he was not around.

That same viberator lay next to her on the settee right now. Kate lowered her hand from her forehand the tips of her finger running along the cool, smooth white plastic while her right hand left her swollen belly and slipped inside her black jeggings. Kate was not surprised to find her panties were already damp, she only had to look at anything mildly resembling a penis and her labia would swell and she would feel that warm tingle of sexual anticipation. Earlier in the lift she had struggled not to react when she felt that same tingling, she had gotten so wet with expectation she started to worry about a damp patch showing through her jeggings. 

Her left hand lightly gripped the viberator at the base, Mark's face popped into her mind's eye, she had not thought much of him when they had first met he was cute, a little shy for certain but that was about it. In the lift she had caught herself looking him up and down and realised that she was checking him out and had felt embarrassed. Now here he was again, in her head that shy little half smile on his thin lips, his hazel eyes looking into hers as they chatted then, that brief moment when he looked down and flicked back up when he thought she was not looking. And she knew it was not the swell of her belly he was looking at rather the other higher swelling of her breasts, Kate had gone from a 32c to a 34D after Carl and they never went back, with baby number two they had swollen quite appreciably even for Kate. Who needed implants?

Kate's left hand stroked the plastic shaft, reaching the tip and running her hand back down to its base while her right hand, rubbed gently through her panties feeling her labia swollen and parted, her clitoris a hard nub full of electricity that was begging to be let free. Kate forced herself to her feet which was some effort, and pulled down the jeggings and her panties in one go and eased herself back onto the settee. The index finger of her right hand slipped easily between her wet labia becoming instantly slick with her juices and finding her hole open, warm and inviting. Her palm pushed down on her clitoris sending out small sparks of electricity across her body leaving her tingling where they had been.

She gripped the viberator and brought it forward as she lifted her right hand. The plastic was warmer now and its hard girth felt good running across her lips. She turned it so that the tip could play between her labia, sinking into her hole ever so slightly then running up and sitting on her clitoris. Kate's breath came in short gasps at the simple expectation of what was to happen. Her thumb found the on switch and lingered. Kate bit down on her lower lip and pressed the switch. The moan that escaped her lips was louder than she had expected but she could not stop even if she wanted to. Her clitoris exploded as the viberator thrummed to life. Her legs shook uncontrollably as the whole centre of her body filled with potent electricity which began to spread out. She lowered the viberator feeling its power against her lips as they parted further around the plastic girth and allowed it access. The whine of the viberator diminished as it slipped with ease into. Her G-spot suddenly burst with fire from the vibrating machine and she let out a long sigh as it pulsed inside her.

Mark kept swimming into her vision, she willed for it to go but found his appearance enhancing her pleasure. She had never really thought of other men when she was with John and afterwards, her pleasure had always been faceless when she was on her own, but now, now she had Mark before her and it was not her viberator that was deep in her but Mark. Mark was fucking her with long deep strokes, holding her legs wide apart so that he could get as much of his cock in her as possible. "Cumming!" Kate whimpered out holding the viberator on her G-spot. Her back arched and legs shook as her orgasm blossomed, filling her with a warm fire that filled her from her curled toes to her head. She flopped back on the settee breath heavy and short a thin film of sweat across her face, she pulled the viberator free with an audible sucking noise and flicked it off, her body shook uncontrollably as a satisfied smile crossed her face, she bit her lip again feeling a momentary bout of guilt at her sudden fantasy and vowed to never do it again.

Mark gripped his cock hard as it spasmed. His foreskin was pulled back from his purple head that erupted forth with a thick stream of cum that splattered across the shower wall tiles where it was quickly picked up by the stream of hot water and washed away. He worked his cock slowly helping along the diminishing spurts until the last lot oozed forth and hung from his tip. He had been thinking of Kate and now felt guilty. She was no longer married which meant she was fair game but she was pregnant which made his brief shower wank an unusual affair. Just before his shower he had found himself online finishing off a quick bout of online gaming, he had cleared the dungeon with his fellowship easily and had bid adieu to them, but instead of turning off the computer he found himself, as he sometimes did after a messy fight, lingering around some porn sites.

After a hearty battle it was not uncommon for Mark seek it a dirty wench to relieve the hero, at least that's how Mark saw it in his eyes, they may have only been an image on his screen but some days that's all he needed. Tonight had been different, no amateurs or even Hentai tonight. No, tonight his fingers had typed in words he had not even thought of putting together, 'pregnant' and 'porn'. He felt ashamed the moment the galleries had opened but at the same time found his mouse hand clicking open the links. His screen had filled with the vision of swollen bellies and breasts, of unshaved pubic masses. His cock had come to life eagerly as his mind wondered idly how Kate looked without clothes on. He did not even bother shutting down the computer properly. He had reached down and flicked the plug socket switch killing power immediately. 

But in the shower his cock refused to subside and his mind would not give up the images so easily. He had gripped his cock in one soapy hand and worked it slowly, his foreskin slipping back and forth across his cock head, while his mind teased him with thoughts of Kate kneeling before him, her milk filled tits wrapping his cock in an embrace while her tongue teased his sticky tip. Before long she was bent over, legs spread with him buried deep into her hairy pussy, bareback and feeling every wet inch of her gripping his cock. His knees had buckled as his orgasm erupted almost making him fall backwards, but he had steadied himself enough to continue working his cock squeezing out as much of his cum as he could. He stepped shakily out of the shower, light headed and feeling a little bit dirty and a momentary bout of guilt at his sudden fantasy and vowed to never do it again. 

It was a couple of weeks before Mark saw Kate again. She was across the road from the apartments in the small playground that sat at the entrance to the woodland beyond. He hesitated at the door to the apartments, she stood alone while Carl played on the slide, he felt a pang of sadness for her he did not really know what it was like to raise a child on your own but he could take a good university educated guess and know that it must be tough. He let the door close behind him and made his way across the road. He opened the Iron Gate in the fence that helped stop any adventurous child heading out onto the road. "Hi Kate, how's it going?" He asked cheerfully enough.

Kate gave him an easy smile, her coat was thick and buttoned up to her neck, her red hair peeped out from beneath a bright pink woollen hat, "Not bad thanks, but if I stay out here any longer I think I might have to go to hospital with frost bite." She pulled her hands out of her pockets and shook them.

"Oh geez, here," Mark quickly pulled off his gloves and handed them to Kate, she refused at first but Mark insisted and before he realised what he was doing he had taken her by one cold wrist and was slipping on one of the gloves.

Kate's heart beat a little quicker at his sudden touch, he stood close enough that she could smell the faint odour of old aftershave and wondered to herself if she kissed his neck would she be able to taste it too. She shook her head re-focusing her mind and saw him looking at her quizzically and released he had asked her a question, she gave a horrible high pitched titter, "sorry Mark my ears are that frozen I didn't catch anything you said?"

Mark gave an easy smile he knew women sometimes suffered from a bout of mommy brain when pregnant he had seen enough of it in the office where he worked. "I asked how long you had been outside for."

"Too long," she replied, the gloves felt wonderfully warm on her cold fingers that had begun to prickle with the agreeable warmth. "Carl refuses to go in. Kids have no concept of time or temperatures." Mark nodded in agreement and watched as the young boy flung himself with gusto down the slide, standing up and racing back round to the ladder to begin another ascent and descent. "I haven't seen you about all week." Mark turned his head and she caught the mild look of surprise on his face, "not that I have been looking out for you," her words tripped out of her mouth, her shoulders sagged and she felt like an idiot.

"Oh I've been about just working really late or starting really early, deadlines to hit and all that." He said calmly though in truth his mind was working away wondering why she had been looking out for him. "What about you. Your cars not left the garage all week." 

Now that surprised Kate, had he been keeping tabs on her too? "I started my maternity leave early, I'm one of the associates which gives me a couple of perks and, well to be honest moving house is not good on the old blood pressure," Mark noticed how Kate had suddenly drawn herself in, protecting herself and her unborn baby, her shoulders had clenched together and both her hands had criss-crossed over her belly. "Doctor got a little worried and insisted I take it easy."

"Well you look good to me," Marks mouth had engaged before his brain had taken time to digest the very thought, "not like that though," Kate's eyes grew wide and her eyebrows raised questioningly "Well, you look good health wise," her eyebrows remained raised, full lips pursed into a thing white line "and look good looks wise too," his heart pounded in his chest and his brain screamed for him to run away, finally a smile broke across Kate's face, her eyebrows dropped and she let out a loud healthy laugh. "I'm sorry. Sometimes my mouth is quicker than my brain."

"Don't be sorry, God I haven't laughed in ages," she leaned in and gave him a kiss on the cheek, "Thank you, for the laugh and the compliment. It was a compliment wasn't it?" Mark nodded quickly. 

"I best be heading in, I haven't showered in two days...not that you needed to know that, I'm usually very clean." Kate held a hand across her mouth stifling another laugh, Mark laughed out loud shaking his head, "I'll see you later Kate." He started to walk back to the apartments, as he opened the gate he looked over his shoulder, Kate quickly turned to face Carl calling to him to go slower. Marks cheek still tingled where she had landed the impromptu kiss, he took every curve in of her body and every shade of her red hair and rosy cheeks turned and headed back to the apartment block.

It took Mark a moment to realise the knocking was coming from his front door. Freshly showered and in a simple white t-shirt and jeans he walked barefoot across the carpet and opened the door. "Hi," he simply said, unable to hide the smile on his face at the sight of Kate. Her hair, free from the woollen hat hung loosely and piled onto her shoulders, her face and neck slightly flushed with colour. Gone was the coat and she wore a green front buttoned tunic top and a pair of dark blue jeans. "Everything okay?"

She held out Mark's gloves in one hand, "You forgot these," she said. 

He took them and thanked her, "Carl asleep?" he asked.

A goofy grin crossed her face, "My mom has taken him off my hands for the night. She likes playing responsible grandmother at least once a week. Let's me have a little time to myself which is nice."

"Very nice, have you got anything planned?" His question was innocent enough, but after asking it he noticed Kate's face redden ever so slightly as she bit her lower lip, he found himself wondering what it would be like if he bit her lower lip gently. He changed the subject quickly and with the first thing that came to mind, "Have you eaten? I'm just about to dish up some spaghetti Bolognese and I've made way too much."

Kate felt a little strange walking into "A Man's Apartment" the words rung out like a declaration. It was a sparsely filled space. A couple of Sofa's a Television too big for the room on one wall, a computer in the corner and a small two seat table made up the living room. Kate stood in the doorway to the Kitchen and watched Mark busily stirring a pot of boiling red Bolognese, he seemed more at ease with his back to her, their conversation flowed back and forth, his love of cooking, her love of eating cooking. Their schools, their jobs and Kate could sense Mark skirting round the issue of her marriage which she was grateful for. Every time he looked over his shoulder though, he would give a nervous smile his eyes darting this way and that before returning to the pots on the oven and Kate began to sense that perhaps Mark liked her.

She sat at the table and looked out the window, a few cars passed lazily below, head lights on guiding them on their way. Beyond the street lights the woodland was a black mass. "Here we go," Mark carried in two large bowls filled with food and placed them on the table, one before Kate and one at his own vacant space, "I hope it's good." He sat down and watched Kate take a small mouthful. she looked up from her bowl, smiled and nodded giving him a thumbs up with her free hand. The food disappeared within minutes and they both sat back in their chairs fitfully stuffed. Kate leaned her head back a smile on her face and Mark found himself lost in the line of her jaw. He followed it down to her shoulders and from there to her freckled chest and a small crevice that marked the start of her cleavage. "Dessert?" he asked. Kate devoured her share of the Tiramisu with gusto and licked her spoon clean for good measure. "That was the best meal I have had in ages, thank you." Mark smiled sheepishly at the comment. 
