 For all of you who have commented on my stories, thank you. I love the feedback, it's nice to know what people think, both good and bad. This one is something I got inspired to write, just for the sake of teasing a date while she was at work. After reading it, I decided to post it for all of you to read, hope you enjoy it. 

Heaven crossed the floor of the bank, short skirt swishing about her thighs and settled down to check her email. She was only slightly surprised to see that he had sent her an email, and so she spread her legs lightly under her desk, letting her panty-less pussy breathe as she read it

We enter the hotel room and flip on the light. It's been such an erotic evening, with our wandering hands at dinner, and the feel of me eating your pussy in the women's room in the mall. Now though, we want more...we've got to have more.

You excuse yourself to go to the bathroom and I set up the laptop, wanting some music for the evening. It's during this that I feel your hands wrap around my body and take a firm hold of my cock.

It hardens in only seconds and by the time I turn around, you're standing there naked, waiting for me. 

Wrapping a fist in your hair, I pull/push you down to your knees and let you have what you want.

"You've been telling me all along that you love sucking cock. Let's see if you're as good as you say you are, Heaven. Come on... I want to feel my cock in the back of your throat."

You waste no time in pulling my jeans down and fishing inside my boxers to whip out my cock. You gasp slightly at the size, glad to see that at least this guy wasn't boasting about his size...He wasn't kidding, it had be nine inches long and so thick you could barely get your hands around it.

And you love it...

Time passes slowly and eventually I'm forced to take a seat on the table as my legs are ready to give way from the talents you apply to my cock. 

"You're a real cocksucker, aren't you? You love the feeling of my cock in the back of your mouth slipping into your throat...don't you, Heaven?"

Your only response is to moan around the width of my cock, which causes me to moan in turn, twisting my hand in your hair. But soon, I've got more in mind then letting you suck me off all night. 

Having loved every second of feel of your lips wrapped around my cock, I can't take anymore and I've got to fuck you, but the tease... the tease is everything, and I've got to tease you first. Twisting my hand in your hair just slightly I usher you back to your feet before turning you around and admiring the curve of your body. Then I start really teasing you, as I whisper in your ear.

"You've got such a nice body, Heaven." 

I reach around you, grabbing your tits and pulling you back against me, pressing my hard cock in the cleft of your ass cheeks...

"Such beautiful breasts..." 

And tweak your nipples, feeling them get hard in between my fingers...

"Such wonderful nipples"

And then start running my hands down your body..sliding over your stomach...cupping your pussy in one hand and slipping two fingers into you...

"Such a soft, wet pussy...Is this my fault?"

And then I pull the fingers out of your pussy, making sure that they are covered in your juices and gently trail the remaining fingers of my hand up your body over your lips and to my mouth, moaning softly as I taste you.

"You taste wonderful, Heaven."

Then my voice takes a slightly different tone, lowering even more, and becoming deeper as I whisper right against your inner ear.

"Would you like to know what I've got in store for you? Precisely what I have in mind?"

A slight whimper or moan escapes your lips as you nod your head in assent.

" First, I'm going to bend you over, bend you all the way over, so your pussy is spread nice and wide for me. Then I'm going to lick your pussy, from the top of your clit to the bottom of your cunt and straight up to your asshole. Does that sound good so far?"

Only a shiver and low moan for a response as your pussy is flooded with heat and warmth.

"Then I'm going to fuck you, Heaven, I'm going to fuck you good and hard. I want to hear you moaning, and screaming, and calling out my name as I pound your pussy. I want to feel you dig your nails into my back and feel you cum, feel your pussy squeeze my cock so hard it hurts."

This time you moan louder, arching your ass back against my cock, as though you are eager to get started.

"And when I get ready to cum, I'm not even going to both stopping. I'm going to fuck you until I'm ready to blow then pull out of your pussy and cum all over your ass and your back."

Another low moan as you reach back and take my cock in your hand, gently stroking it as I continue to whisper in your ear. 

"That's not it by far though...you know that right? I'm not even going to clean the cum off of you, I love seeing you covered in it. What I'm going to do is crawl between your legs and eat your pussy, taste your juices and feel the wetness that I caused get rubbed all over my face as I tongue fuck you."

Now my fingers are dancing over your clit and rubbing your pussy as I go about telling you the rest of the things I have in mind. You hear me whisper about you riding my cock, and me pounding you against the wall. Me fucking you in the shower after I cum all over your face. I might even lick it off, let you suck it from my tongue, if I'm really in the mood. And then of course I still want to try fucking your ass, and a thousand other things before we collapse from exhaustion and try again the next day. 

At this point I take a hold of your hair again and tilt your head back. 

"I want to hear you say it before we get started Heaven, I want to hear you scream it..."

"Fuck me..." You moan

"What was that? I couldn't hear you..."

"Fuck me...please!"

Twisting harder on your hair, and biting down on the soft flesh of your shoulder...

"Louder, Heaven..."

"Fuck me. Come on...I want to feel it...now...FUCK ME!"

And with that, I give you a hearty shove forward and tell you to bend over for me. I watch, mesmerized by your gorgeous pussy as you bend over and place your hands on the bottom of the bed, wiggling your ass at me. 

And then I step up and place the head of my cock against your pussy and push my way in...all the way in...until you can feel the deepest recesses of your cunt quivering under my attentions...and then I stop...waiting....

Well then, I guess I'll see you after work...

{End Email}