 It's Friday eve, the week has been unmercifully slow. Snail's pace was to fast of a depiction. I was headed to the train station like I did most days. It was only on rare occasions where I'd actually drive in to work. The traffic was too treacherous to sit in day in and day out, I'd rather commute than to deal with that nonsense. As I make my into the breezeway I reach for my wallet to retrieve my card for the train station. "Fuck," I forgot that I switched to a new wallet last night. I probably didn't put the card in this new one. In fact I know I didn't, I remember seeing it on my night stand just this morning. Crazy how things are right in our presence, yet are the furthest from our minds.

I turned back to head to the kiosk, and was struck by the sweetest most alluring of scents. Immediately my head turned back to the direction in which I had departed. Frozen in place I watched as she moved like she were a figure skater. Everything and everyone around her disappeared. I observed as her flowing hair bounced past her shoulders that were high with confidence. Her business suit skirt accented her curves immaculately. I lost all train of thought as she faded from view. I finally made it to the kiosk to get a new card and load it with a few rides. "She sure made my morning better" I thought to myself. The power of our senses though, I was captivated and hadn't even seen her face. Only graced with her alluring aroma, and yet my day was already looking up. 

I'd be lying if I said I wasn't looking for her low key after I made it through the gates to wait for the train. I couldn't make her though amongst the swarm of people. I turned on my music and proceeded to wait on the tram to come. I looked at my watch, I noticed it was running a few minutes late this morning. Didn't alter my mood though, BJ The Chicago Kid Ft. Chance The Rapper "Church" had me feeling good as well. Chance killed that verse. I heard the train horn as it was fast approaching. The doors opened and the masses began to file in to the cars. I always stood, like a real gentleman would when there were women who could use a seat. I see some of these young cats have no regard. Different cloth indeed I was etched from. As the doors start close Ms. Heaven Scent squeezes in. She's facing me and my frame somewhat towers over hers. She was as cute as can be in the face too. I was hit again with a slightly fainter whiff of her aroma. Everyone else in the vicinity was impeding on her fragrance, but I was still able to make it out. The train jerked and she stumbled. Instinctively I reached my hand out and grabbed her. Her petite frame fell into my grasp as though she belonged there. I pulled her in close to me. "Sorry." I quickly apologized.

"No, it's ok these shoes have me a little wobbly today. Thank you." 

"No Problem. Be careful now."

"I will, thanks again." There was a long stare that followed. Her light brown eyes beckoned me into her presence even further. I felt myself starting to blush, so I looked off. My mind was wandering as I panned the car aimlessly looking at this or that. I braced as the next stop approaches. She slides closer to me as another round of people file into the car. She is right under me but facing away from me now. The doors shut and I look down at her as she looks up at me. We exchange smiles just as the train departs. The next stop is a pretty dead station. Like clockwork though the train stops and this time the doors behind me open. I'm pushed out by lil mama as she makes her way out, behind me.

"Ummmmm, this isn't my stop miss lady."

"But it is today. You look too damn good for me not to have my way with you."

"Ummm, I have to be to work." The train takes off.

"Looks like we have to catch the next train."

Her little dominant ass had me backed onto a pillar by this time. I wasn't scared by any stretch, just wasn't sure what the hell was going on. Her voice was music to my ears though. If she keep it up, I going to be putty in her hands. She pressed up on me her small frame pinning me to the structure. My dick couldn't help but swell. The station was pretty barren but that was subject to change at any moment. She ran her hands down my chest and abdomen. I was frozen in complete awe. She wrapped one hand around my neck and pulled me into her neck. I breathed into her and fell into her spell. Her free hand roamed my thigh until she found my stiff dick.

"Mmmm... that damsel in distress thing turns me the fuck on. On top of it all my hero is a fine ass specimen." She was stroking the head of my dick through my slacks. "You've come to my aide now let me aide you." She found my zipper and burrowed her hand in my pants once the zipper came down. Only road block now was my boxer briefs. This "Damsel" began wrestling with my belt buckle, virtually clawing at my member. Once free she kneeled and planted steamy kisses around the head of my dick. I don't think I ever been this hard in my life. I could hear footsteps approaching from the other side of the pillar. That only added to my excitement. A cell phone rang the closer the person go, it was a woman's voice that answered the call. By this time the head of my dick had disappeared in to her mouth. Her mouth was so warm and wet I briefly lost my cool and moaned aloud. I heard the lady pause mid-sentence, as her voice stopped echoing momentarily. Her lips were inching deeper and deeper. I could hear the conversation resume, I too heard the next train approaching. 

"Oh my fucking God" I mumbled partly because this shit felt amazing, but also knowing a packed train would be pulling up in seconds. It was as if the train was an overdrive switch for her, as she got more aggressive and sloppy with the toppy. "Shit here comes the train." I think to self. It stops, but she doesn't. The doors open and I look over. I see the lady who was on the phone walking to board. She looks over her shoulder and spots us just as she crosses the thresh hold. Her mouth drops. Her gawking causes a few more people to take a glance. They all had the same exact reaction. I saw a few phones go up, but the train began to ease on down the tracks. Slurping loud as fuck she continued to work me. I was fighting to hold my nut back, I didn't want to cum without filling her hot box with my rod. I watched her hands slip under her now rolled up skirt, between her ample thighs. She continued working me hands free as she began moaning on the dick. The vibrations sent chills up my spine. Just then I heard a few more people come into the station. It was time to test her out for real. 

Her wet creamy fingers left her pussy lips and found mine as she stood to her feet. She tasted divine. I shut my eyes and moaned on her digits. When my eyes opened beast mode was engaged. I spun her around, bent her over and gave her ass a good slap. She spread her legs in anticipation of my arrival. I rub my dick along her thick lips and she rocked back anxious to get a feel for me. I heard the chatter closer to us now. I rammed my aching dick between her sweet pussy lips. I bottomed in one solid stroke. She was barely able to stifle he moan. I began a moderate stroke, with a steady increase in pace. Her pussy was so wet and fitting. I watched as the cream from her pussy bellow up on the base of my dick. That shit only encouraged me to pound her ass out that much more. I went from gripping her hips, to leaning down and gripping her titties. I arched my back as I continued to stab her twat. Between her moans I could hear the footsteps and small talk getting closer. I think an audience was looming. I slowed not a single bit. To be completely honest it was amping me up to know I was going to give a show. I was all in this pussy too. I was curious as to who would peek around the pillar to get a glimpse. Just as the steps came up right behind me, my body jerked. 

Suddenly I was back on the train and she was in my arms again. I was a little confused. "Fuck" I thought to myself. I must have had one of my notorious vivid ass day dreams. Damn now she was in arms again, as clearly the train had one of those sudden jerks. This time my hard dick was pressed up against her back. "Damn can she feel that" I asked myself. "Fuck, I hope not."

"You keep saving me I'm going to have to give you my number" She said jokingly in the sweetest of tones. We chuckled, which broke my stint of nervousness.

"What's your name?" I was able to get out

"Mali, well Shamalia but all my friends call me Mali."

"Well Mali, I'm Vince. It's a pleasure to meet you and I have no problem coming your rescue." If only she knew how we'd already met in my mind. She began rummaging through her purse, and looked off again trying to still compose myself. My stop was coming up and work was the furthest thing from my thoughts, but I was here now. "It was nice meeting you Miss Mali." I stepped back as the doors opened behind me. Her hand reached out and clasped my wrist.

"No, I am glad I bumped into you." We exchanged smiles, and she handed me a little post it note, or so it looked to be. I didn't want her to see me read the note, so I let the train depart and I made my way to the surface and on to my building. When I finally reach my desk I decided to give the little note a look. I fanned it across my face before opening it. It smelled just like her and it sent butterflies sailing through my stomach.

Mali -- (404) 555-5565

Thanks for come to my aid I'd love to see you again.

P.S. That felt really good on my back I can only imagine where else it will feel good.