 ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ 

My unsolicited sequel to DamonX's story 8 Days. 

http://www.literotica.com/s/8-days

In chapter two of the story, the beginning of my sequel, the war that Lacey had insisted on started. Damon, our intrepid but foolish hero, sabotages her stripper date, with a variety of surprises. The biggest being hot pepper in the lube, putting fiberglass insulation under the bed sheet, and rubbing them down with poison Ivy.

He then recruits his friends to make things difficult for his fiancée, and has wild sex with his friend Jenna, and her roommate Nikki, who started the trouble for Damon, by telling Lacey he'd been with his best friend Jenna.

As a symbol of contrition, Nikki takes him to bed, and he bangs the hell out of her, including taking her virgin ass, while Jenna, professional photographer, gets it all on HD video. Day 2 ends with him spending the night with Jenna.

There are too damn many intriguing stories that are never completed. If I find a story that's been left hanging for too long, I'll give you my idea of an ending. Fair warning though, I don't write about total wimps. May not be BTB, all nuclear and shit, but no voluntary cucks, or whiny simpering wimps. 

For information on how I decide which stories to continue, please check my profile.

     ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~

I had a leisurely turn with Jenna after I woke, and made sure to get a kiss goodbye before I made it out the door. The simple goodbye peck very nearly had me taking her back to the bedroom for another go.

"Damn, Jenna! Why the hell did we wait so long?"

She gave me a look that said, 'Are you really asking that idiotic question?'

I blushed. "Never mind. Yes, I am an idiot. And you were right. Don't let it go to your head."

She grinned. "Apology accepted. I'll see what I can do about the next step. Let me know how the scene at home goes."

"Will do. Thanks."

She gave me a quick peck, standing in the doorway in a t-shirt and nothing else. "That's what friends are for, right?"

I nodded. "And you're the best."

"Damn straight I am," she reminded me. I couldn't agree more.

I made a call to Cale, on the drive home, looking for an update.

"What's the news, Cale?"

"Loverboy didn't leave until after 10:00. He sort of had an accident on the way to his apartment."

That wasn't in the plans. "An accident?"

"The kind bastards like that deserve. Karma I guess. He had two tires blow out on that stretch down by the old railroad track. Our surveillance group might have pulled over to help him. Might have, mind you. By the time they'd left, he was in need of a different kind of help. You have a good alibi, right?"

"Damn it, Cale! That's not what I wanted. With the stripper in the picture, there was a chance she'd limit herself to one boyfriend. Now she's going to have to find herself a new one." I didn't mind so much if the asshole had an accident, but he was a known quantity."

"Shit. I didn't think of that. Well if she does go looking for something new, we'll know about it."

"Alright. I guess we'll have to work with that. No more big surprises, alright?"

"Sure. Sorry, but it just seemed the right thing to do. Keep in contact."

Sunday morning, there were only 6 days left until I was supposed to get married. Friday night, my fiancée had let herself get fucked senseless by a stripper, losing her anal virginity that she'd promised to me, and behaving in ways that she'd always denied me. Saturday, our personal war had started, where she threatened to become the biggest slut in the world, and I was determined to make the bitch pay. The battle had been engaged, and now it was time to see the outcome of our first skirmish. I knew that her boy-toy wasn't enjoying the aftermath, according to my buddy.

There were two cars in the driveway when I got there. My first thought was how had she found a replacement for her stripper so quickly. Pissed off, I parked at the curb, ready to leave in a hurry if need be. This was getting ridiculous. 

Entering our place, I was braced to see anything. Or so I thought.

Lacey was lying on the floor of the living room, naked. That, I had almost expected. Seeing her surrounded by Stacy, Vicky and Donna was a weird twist. The fact that they were leaning over her, applying some pink concoction to the swellings and rash on her entire backside was a pure joy.

"Morning, ladies," I said, walking past them toward the bedroom.

"Where the hell have you been?" Stacy shrieked.

I paused. "Taking advantage of opportunities," I explained calmly.

"You should have been here, taking care of your fiancée!" Donna chimed in. "What the hell is wrong with you, Dickless?"

"Take care of her? Why? She's the one that threw me out of the house so she could have some time to fuck her stripper asshole. What's wrong, did things get a little rough?"

Lacey turned her head, looking at me. At least I think so. Her eyes were almost swollen shut. Her face looked like she'd gone 10 rounds with Mike Tyson, it was so swelled up. "Allergic to new sheets," she whined. At least I think that's what she said.

"Did you wash them before putting them on the bed?" I asked. I knew she hadn't, watching her take them straight out of the packaging. "No telling who handled them when they got packaged. Some worker with TB in Mexico, maybe. You should really be more careful."

Looking closer, I could see the deep scratch marks on her skin. I couldn't know if that was from the fiberglass insulation in her skin, or the itching of the poison ivy.

"You could have a little sympathy," Stacy snapped.

"Bullshit! I wanted to call this whole thing off, once she started lying and cheating. I was willing to start over. She's the one who insisted she was going to be a slut. Her words, not mine. If it had been just her and me in the bed, with none of these crazy notions compounding things, none of this would have happened. It's what she wanted, not me."

Donna was working on Lacey's legs, taking time to glare at me, every not and then. She and I never really did get along, I guess this was one more reason for her be be pissed at me. I'd have to estimate that 3/4 of Lacey's body had been affected by my little surprise for her. She must have been really active in those sheets. Slut.

I ignored any additional comments and entered the bedroom. I retrieved my camera, looking forward to replaying the previous evening's activities. Wearing gloves, I carefully stripped the bed, bagging the evidence. I cleared away as much of the insulation as I could, then flipped the mattress, after which I remade the bed. A quick inventory showed me that she'd used the lube. I was looking forward to seeing how that had played out. I took the lube, and dumped the remainder down the toilet, rinsing it out and throwing the empty bottle in the garbage, on top of the two empty enema bottles. No need to leave evidence around.

I was feeling pretty good about myself, while I was taking my shower. After cleaning up and drying off, I was surprised to find Stacy in the bedroom, sitting on the corner of the bed, apparently waiting for me. 

"It looks like you're going to get your wish," Stacy sneered. "The deal is off."

"No it isn't. I've got six more days of freedom and I plan on using every one of them," I said, dropping my towel, and parading around naked as I prepared to get dressed.

"No way, Damon!" Stacy argued. "That's not fair. She's in no shape to be seeing anyone."

"How is that my problem? This is what she wanted, not me, remember?" I pulled out a pair of boxers and pulled them on, noting that Stacy never turned away.

"But that was before..."

"I don't give a fuck," I snapped. "She's lucky I'm even letting her stay here after the shit she's pulled."

"Her? You're the one that went and fucked Jenna, breaking the rules."

I pulled on a shirt, then turned and stood in front of Stacy. "You know how she got me to agree to this stupid deal?" I asked.

"Yeah. She promised you sex, and like any man, you jumped at it."

"She promised me her virgin ass on our honeymoon."

"Like I said," Stacy smirked. 

"It's no longer virgin. She gave that away to stripper boy."

"You don't know that," she replied, her tone a little more defensive.

"I sure as hell do. I witnessed it. That and a shitload more. Once she broke the deal, she was just another cheating slut. All bets were off. Hell, the engagement is off, as far as I'm concerned. That's why I took my ring back. Does she really think I'm gonna marry a fucking tramp? A lying, deceitful whore?"

Stacy stared at me in shock. "But you agreed! She's not cheating, you agreed, Damon."

"So I suppose it wasn't cheating when she sucked that bastard's cock at her bachelorette party?"

Her face turned red. "How do you know... Fuck! Did Jenna tell you? The little bitch!" She suddenly looked contrite. "It wasn't a blowjob. He didn't come or anything."

I smirked. "Thanks for confirming that for me, Stacy. I knew I could count on you. She cheated before the deal. She lied about her intentions. She gave away what she promised me. And for the record, she never brought up excluding Jenna until after we had a deal, and I never agreed to that condition. I stuck to the deal, she's the one who destroyed everything, not me."

Stacy was clearly angry, probably at the way I had tricked her. She wasn't the brightest, and I had figured that the effort to get Jenna to leave their little hen-party was to avoid any word of their behavior from getting back to me. It was no surprise to see I was right. Not after everything I'd learned about her, in the last couple of days.

"You're not being fair, Damon," she whined. "First, she didn't really cheat before the deal. Not really. Everyone messes around a little at their bachelorette party. And you're still going to get to do her in the butt. Does it really matter that someone got there first? She wasn't a virgin when you guys started dating. For all you know, she did it years ago."

"She lied, and deceived me, Stacy. She set me up. This was all about fucking her stripper boyfriend. I know all about her rules that she'd destroy anyone who hooked up with me. That's why she wanted Jenna out of the picture. Jenna wouldn't give a damn. All along, Lacey was going to make it as difficult as possible for me to get laid, while she slutted around. Well fuck her, and all of you for going along with her."

"No, that's not true! She didn't tell us to cut you off. She wouldn't do that. She was playing by the rules."

"Don't lie for her. If you guys are stupid enough to discuss something like that in a public place like the gym, you should accept the inevitable. It's over. Why don't you guys take her with you? No way I'm going to touch her again. Who knows what kind of diseases she's picked up fucking a stripper, bareback. No, I'm not going to saddle myself with a lying slut for the rest of my life. She's yours, Stacy. Get her out of here on the way out."

Stacy looked horrified. "How can you say that? You're getting married in less than a week. I know you love her. It was just a misunderstanding."

"Misunderstanding? She cheated on me. She gave away what she promised me. She tricked me and lied to me. She did things for that asshole she never would do for me. Why would I want to be with someone like that?"

"It was just one last fling, Damon! She loves you. It was good to get it out of her system now, so she could be faithful to you for the rest of your lives. No questions about things she wanted to try, but might be too embarrassed to do with you. She didn't want to lose your respect. That was all. You can't do this to her!"

"Respect? How am I supposed to respect her after the lies and deceit? After what she did with him?"

"But you weren't supposed to know! She could try everything, and bring the things she liked to your marriage, give it to you on your honeymoon. It was for you, that she did it." Stacy was on the verge of tears, but it wasn't working on me.

"For me? Bullshit. She wanted to be a slut. She told me so. The biggest slut possible. Even showed me her slutting toys, bragging about it. Do you really think any guy wants to marry a slut? I mean, sure, they're fun to fuck and all, but you don't keep them. No fucking way. Once she gave him her ass, it was over. I even gave her another chance, the next morning, but she didn't want it. So fuck her."

"Look Damon. She screwed around twice. Hell, once for all practical purposes, yesterday was pretty miserable according to her. You got to bang your little friend twice, and you've got six more days to do whatever you want. She's not going to be up for anything. Not for days. You're getting a hell of a deal out of this. So she made a mistake. If you can just get past that, you guys can have a great life together, and you get one last great hurrah. Don't throw everything away over a simple misunderstanding." 

I think she was ready for me to turn the screws. I had to be careful. "Right. One last hurrah, when everyone we know is afraid to have anything to do with me? What am I supposed to do, hire a hooker?"

"No, it's not like that. Nobody's been warned away. Not for real, we were just joking around. You can have anyone you want."

"I don't believe you, Stacy. I think you're lying as much as her. Especially now that everyone knows she's out of commission, nobody's going to give me the time of day. No, I think it's better to end it cleanly. I'm sure I can find someone who's willing to be faithful. I'm not that bad a catch."

"You can't! It'll kill her. She loves you, you idiot. This was just one last fling while she was still single. That's all." She was crying, wiping her eyes. "Please? Give her another chance. Jesus, Damon! You get a free pass for the six days leading up to your wedding!"

"One I'm probably not going to able to use. Besides, what kind of wedding is it, without a honeymoon? She told me she wasn't going to get tested for STDs until after we're married. That means I don't even get to have sex with my wife on my honeymoon! Who the hell is going to put up with that?"

"What if she gets tested? She could have the results before next Saturday." Stacy wasn't going to give up. That was good.

"I don't know," I said, acting hesitant. "She still promised me her virgin ass, and she did her damnedest to make sure I wouldn't get laid, while she got all the cock she could handle. You and I both know it's unfair. Hell, a woman that looks like her could get sex 24 hours a day, three at a time. I'm good for a couple of hours a day, and the pool of available women has been decimated." I shrugged. "I figure the only woman I have a shot with is Jenna. She wouldn't pull this shit with me. She's honest, and would happily take Lacey's place. If she's the only woman I'm fucking, I might as well make it official. At least I can trust her."

"Not Jenna! That would destroy her!"

"It's the only choice she's left me."

Stacy was grasping at straws. I could only hope she'd pick the right one. I could practically see her few working brain cells go into overdrive. "How... how about if I could prove you're wrong. That you could get someone other than Jenna?"

"What, some homely desperate skank that nobody else wants? No thanks."

"No. No one homely or desperate."

I delivered a big theatrical sigh. "I appreciate you trying to help your friend, Stacy. You're a nice person, not like her. But you're wasting your time. It's just not worth the effort. She's getting her way. She can fuck all the guys she wants when she's on her own. Jenna may not be Lacey, but at least I can trust her."

"What if I can guarantee you can get someone else?" she asked. 

I tried to look confused, while inside I was jumping for joy. I believed she'd taken the bait. "Right. How are you supposed to do that?"

She blushed. "Leave that to me. You go and try to get your girls. If you don't, you can call me each night by 9:00 pm. If you're unsuccessful, I'll make sure you don't end up alone."

"A pig in a poke. What if I don't like her?"

Stacy stood slowly, approaching me. She put her hand on my chest tentatively. "I'm pretty sure you will."

"Better than Lacey? Better than Jenna?"

She shrugged. "I don't know about them, but she'll be attractive, and very willing."

"I'm not going to fuck a string of hookers. Not even high-class escorts."

"Please, Damon? Trust me on this one. What does it hurt? Give it a few days. Don't do anything rash today. Take care of your woman, and I'll make sure you're taken care of, right up until you walk into the church if you want. It's a no lose situation. Please?" She thought she was being sly, inching closer, lifting her arms up and around my neck, pressing up against me.

"If I do this, and I'm not saying I will, you have to swear this isn't another trick. Hot and willing, each evening. If I don't like whoever you offer me, all bets are off. You understand?"

"Perfectly. You can't tell her though. This is our secret, Ok? You have to let her believe you still want to be with her, not that I'm bribing you. Is that fair?" She was moving sinuously, her tits brushing against my chest.

I nodded. "A kiss to seal the deal?"

She grinned. "You wouldn't mind kissing me? You don't think I'm a homely, desperate skank, do you?"

"Not at all. Far from homely, and hardly desperate. I never thought of you as particularly skanky."

"Then it's a deal." She pulled my head down, and kissed me deeply, a promise of more to come, I was fairly certain.

She must have really wanted to seal the deal. The first kiss was followed by a couple more, and I fondled her sweet body pretty brazenly, without any resistance.

"You won't be sorry. I promise," Stacy said softly. "Can you check on her now? She's really hurting, and upset. Maybe you could sort of leave the deal out of it for now. She needs you."

"Alright. I'll do what I can." I pulled her close, and she let me kiss her again. "You're a good friend, Stacy. Probably better than she deserves, after the crap she's pulled."

"It was a simple mistake, that's all. I just want you two to be happy."

I knew that one of us was going to be happy. That was good enough for me.

In the living room, Lacey was still lying on the floor, her friends doing a piss poor job of taking care of her. All they were doing was applying calamine lotion to her rashes. They were doing it wearing rubber gloves. It was clear that she was miserable. I was feeling just a teeny bit guilty. Only a little, she's the one who declared war after all. 

I remembered my grandmother's poison ivy remedy, which seemed weird but was effective. It stopped the itching for at least a few hours and prevented the spreading. "Stacy, do me a favor. Start a hot bath in our tub. Put about 8 tea-bags in it. Let me know when it's half full."

She didn't argue, and ran off to do as I'd asked. I looked down at Lacey's naked body which had once been a fantasy come true. Catching her with her asshole stripper boyfriend had destroyed that fantasy. Seeing her like this was just sad. Nothing sexy about any part of her any longer. I knelt beside her head. "What happened?"

She shook her head. "I don't know. I, uh, was in bed yesterday, and it was itchy. I wondered if there was something about the new sheets that I was allergic to. Maybe some commercial cleanser. I don't know. This morning, I was breaking out in rashes all over, and the itching was horrible. By the time the girls got here, it was starting to blister in some places."

"Any other problems?" I asked.

She looked worried. "Uh, just some irritation. I... there was something wrong with his rubber. It really burned. I thought condoms were supposed to be hypo-allergenic. It didn't seem to bother him. I could barely get him to stop. Even without the rubber it kept burning. Maybe I just overdid it." She had a hard time looking at me. 
