 I awoke Sunday to the call of nature, slipped out from between Linda and Katy and headed for the bathroom. After the events of the previous evening, I didn't even bother to pull any clothes on, just headed out buck naked. On that note, I also didn't bother to shut the bathroom door as I peed. I really wasn't expecting anyone else to be up, so I was pleasantly surprised when Carolyn walked in, also naked. We exchanged pleasantries and, as I washed my hands, she squatted. I was turning to leave when she asked me not to, to come back over by her instead. I did and when I was close enough, she took hold of my cock and brought it to her mouth. As I heard her stream of piss hitting the water in the toilet, my cock was quickly growing under the actions of her mouth. 

Without pausing, she cleaned herself up and flushed, then released me and stood up. I stood by waiting to see what was next as she washed her hands and opened the medicine cabinet. What do you think was sitting right there on the shelf but a box of Trojans. She opened the box and tore one off the strip, handing it to me. I tore the packet open and rolled the condom on as Carolyn closed the lid of the toilet and indicated for me to sit. I did and she straddled me, reaching down to position my cock at her opening. She lowered herself down slowly until I was completely embedded, then kissed me as she started to ride up and down. Our tongues slipped into each other's mouths as I felt the warm, soft grip of her pussy stroking up and down my rod. 

I was running my hands up and down over her back and ass before bringing them around to feel her tits. She sat up straight so that her tits were right in my face, so I started to lick and suck her hard nipples. My hands went back to her ass, pulling her down on my stiff rod. She murmured something softly about imagine if we had done this back in eighth grade. We had been boyfriend and girlfriend back then, when we were 14. My reply was that if this was back in eighth grade, I would already be done by now. She laughed softly, causing a peculiar feeling on my cock. Who knew you could feel a woman's laugh all the way down to her pussy? Lucky for me, this was the first time anyone had ever laughed while I was having sex with her.

She continued to ride me and I continued to enjoy the feeling of her pussy sliding up and down my cock. We alternated between making out and me sucking on her tits, which she seemed to enjoy. I was starting to feel my impending orgasm at about the same time I noticed her picking up her pace and moaning softly. I began raising my ass up off the toilet seat as she came down and we started to get really frantic in our fucking, though we did somehow manage to keep the noise level down. It was becoming just a matter of seconds until I came when Carolyn's orgasm surged through her, flooding her pussy with additional lubrication. A few strokes after this, I felt my cock swelling within my latex shroud. I forced myself as deeply as I could into Carolyn and soon spewed my juices into the waiting reservoir tip. She stayed on my lap for a few minutes as we caught our breath before getting up and taking off the condom. I stood and she flushed it, then knelt and licked the remaining juices from my flaccid cock. We then headed for the kitchen.

Rob proved to be the early riser of the group as we found him in the kitchen again this morning with the coffee already brewing. We all fueled up with a decent breakfast, plenty of fluids and the requisite coffee and, by the time we were ready to hit the beach, had a few more people with us. Linda and Katy were up, as was Carol, though Amy was still asleep. Lisa had come in right behind Carolyn and me. The only ones still sleeping were Amy, Jim, Buck and Ellen. We left them a note once we'd packed up our stuff and put on our swimsuits, then headed for the sand again.

We all ended up on the beach before long and it became apparent that the events of the previous night hadn't changed the group's dynamics - the pairings all remained the same – though we may have all been a little more liberal when it came to physical contact. We were blessed with another glorious day and we made the most of it. We were on the beach until early afternoon, soaking up rays, playing in the surf and flirting outrageously with one another. I think we left more than a few guys on the beach with happy memories of exposed untanned areas. 

When we felt we'd exploited a good portion of what the day had to offer – at least as far as beach activities – we headed back to the house. There was still beer, for those of us that didn't have to drive home that night. Essentially that left out Rob and Buck, but Rob and Lisa disappeared as soon as we got back and Buck and Ellen took a page from Katy's, Linda's and my book and were soon soaking together in the tub. I headed for the outside shower this time when it was free, remembering a towel this time. I adjusted the water temperature and was barely under the spray when Linda entered, hanging her towel, setting down her supplies and quickly shedding her bikini.

We embraced under the warm, cascading water, pressing our naked bodies and our lips together. Just seeing her stripping off her bikini, my favorite areas highlighted by her tanlines, I was already aroused. My cock continued to grow against her abdomen as we made out, so Linda backed up then reached for a bottle of shower gel. She squeezed some into her hand, then began to lather up my tool. Feeling that one good turn deserves another, I took some of Linda's shower gel in my hands and began to lather up her tits. 

From there, we went ahead and washed every inch of each other's body, stripping away the sand, salt and coconut scented oil while arousing ourselves to new heights. We washed each other's hair and had rinsed ourselves down when Linda pulled a surprise from her basket of bathing goodies – a condom. With the shower still running, I slipped the condom on then lifted Linda up. She was able to guide my cock into her waiting and willing pussy while I slowly lowered her. With her legs wrapped around my back and her arms wrapped around my neck, I began to piston in and out of her, mainly holding her in place while I moved. 

Linda is not a big girl, but I could only support her for so long. I ended up leaning her against the wall and holding her by her thighs. In this position, I was able to fuck her pretty hard and fast. She was moaning into my ear and I could tell she was ready to support my theory that she was a quick cummer. I could have fucked Linda all day but figured someone might be waiting for the shower, so I was trying to keep pace with her. As I continued to pump her, her cries got closer together until it was almost like erotic panting. My own orgasm was on its way, so I thought if I wasn't with her, I wouldn't be very far behind. Finally, I felt the telltale shudder as Linda came, accompanied by the flooding of her pussy. Her pussy felt great every time I fucked her, but I was always amazed that it could feel even better as she was cumming. I don't think she had finished cumming and I was shooting my load against a wall of latex. I kept pumping as long as I could, then pulled out slowly and lowered her to the floor. 

We kissed again and she started to gather up her shower goodies while I thought about what to do with my condom. I didn't really want to carry it back to the house to flush it, but I didn't really want to leave it lying around either. With a chuckle, I started to rinse it out under the shower, inside and out. I then shut off the shower and stretched the cleaned condom over the showerhead. I turned the water back on just enough to fill the condom a little bit and left it hanging there.

Linda and I covered ourselves and left the shower. We ran into Carol on our way in the back door and told her to have a safe shower. We waited by the back door until she entered the shower and we heard her yell and start laughing. Then, laughing ourselves, we went to get dressed.

Once everyone had cleaned up, we all ended up out on the porch. Some of us were drinking cocktails, others were munching and some were just enjoying each other's company. Knowing we'd be leaving in a few hours, I piped up that we guys sure had a great time and really appreciated being invited. The other guys chimed in their sentiments as well. The girls all said they were glad we had come and that they'd had a great time as well. Katy then said they felt they had some explaining to do, looking at the other girls for concurrence. 

She explained how the seven of them had been planning this big, hedonistic getaway for almost a year. They'd started by talking about doing something absolutely wild and no-holds-barred that only they would know about. Their planning had involved being very selective in who had been invited; everyone had to be on board with the whole hedonism thing. Their initial plan going into this week had actually been a lot of drinking and a lot of sexual activity with whomever, wherever. What they hadn't planned on was us. While they'd assumed that there would be some hooking up, just to get the party started, it became apparent that everyone had made a connection of some kind on the very first night. 

Now the girls weren't so fired up about the prospect of hooking up with strangers. They all felt content that they had successfully indulged their sexual curiosity and desire to do something wild. They did concede, however, that there was probably still going to be some sexual exploration going on...but it was likely to be just among them. The main thing they were trying to get across to us is that what had happened that weekend had been mostly new to them and they were glad they were able to experience it with guys they knew and liked and who respected them. They shuddered to think what kind of assholes they could have ended up with and what bad consequences might have resulted.

We talked for a while, but we knew it was time to start getting ready to leave. Linda made sure that Katy and I had some private time in "our" room before I took off and we had the calmest, most peaceful lovemaking session of the whole weekend. I suspect that Jim, Rob and Buck had similar going away encounters. You'd have thought we were in the military and being shipped out or something.

Finally, we packed up our stuff and reluctantly hit the road.

Once the girls were back home at the end of that week, we saw a considerable amount of them over the summer before we all headed back to college. There weren't any more orgies, but there were quite a few pretty wild times, with a variety of participants. After that summer drew to a close, though, things were never quite the same again. The great thing, though, was that for years after that, whenever I ran into any of the girls from that weekend, whether at a bar, a party or even the mall, we ended up having sex. It didn't matter if it was Linda or Katy, Lisa or Carolyn, I knew whenever I saw one of them that we'd both be into getting it on. 

Over the years, I'd guess I probably also received as many calls to get together for that purpose as I made myself. If I thought about it hard enough, I could probably tell you the last one of the girls I'd had sex with and when, though it has been a long time. I have not doubt, though, that if I ran into any one of them tomorrow, we'd find some way to get together regardless of our marital status or any other potential obstacles. I would be shocked if everybody else who was a part of that weekend didn't feel exactly the same way.