 The next time I met Helen we chose to meet in the same town as last time as she was working nearby, and luckily for me I was only 10 minutes away in the car attending a meeting.

It was lunchtime and I was greeted with an enthusiastic kiss and hug from my lovely partner in crime. Helen looked great in a business suit, bare legs looking trim, her skirt just above the knee and long blonde hair tumbling onto her shoulders.

I was also suited and booted looking good in my navy suit and tie, and I felt good as we walked hand in hand to a pub for a bite to eat.

Lunch was enjoyable and not just because I enjoyed the steak I had been served, but the flirting and touching between us was an almost unbearable tease. I admit to sitting there with a raging hard on as Helen stroked my inner thigh with an outstretched high heel, grinning at me over her drink, eyes sparkling.

"You know there's a castle here, don't you?" She asked looking at me intently.

"I thought we were done with all of the raping and pillaging by now." I teased.

"Now now don't be flippant, it's been here since the 12th century and I would like to have a look around it, what do you think?" 

In truth I would have followed this woman anywhere, but I enjoyed teasing her and replied.

"Looking around an old castle sounds riveting Helen, I can't wait."

She stood, straightening herself up and looked at me quizzically.

"Are you able to stand up yet history buff?" She sighed.

"I might need a minute." I grinned looking pointedly down at my crotch.

She flashed me a bright smile and walked out of the pub at a brisk pace, leaving me to stand up and follow her while holding my jacket in front of me to save myself any embarrassment.

"There's a lot you can learn in a castle...If you know where to look." She whispered as I caught up with her. 

I let it lie, no more sarcastic quips required from me, I'd had my fun, and was looking forward to seeing how the afternoon shaped up.

After paying a small entry fee, we were allowed to roam about the castle reading plaques and exploring courtyards, the place was mainly ruined but did have some internal rooms and after climbing some stairs to the battlements I lost sight of Helen.

I looked down into the courtyard below, a coach full of pensioners had arrived and was parking nearby. The old folks made their way to the gate to pay their entry, and I continued walking along the battlements, my thoughts turning to the past and the great battles fought and dirty deeds which may have been done here.

"Pssssssssssssst!" I had walked past a doorway hidden in a stone reveal and backed up to see Helen stood just inside. The room behind her was dimly lit and had just an arrow slit on the external wall. She pulled me inside "How are you enjoying your visit to the castle?" She whispered in my ear, as her tongue snaked its way along the skin of my neck.

"It's become very interesting all of a sudden." I moaned as I felt her teeth nip my neck playfully.

Pushing her up against a bare stone wall I kissed her passionately, my cock instantly hard in my trousers pressing against her thigh as our tongues entwined. "I told you that you had a lot to learn, and today you're going to learn about my desires, my fantasy, my needs." She gasped into my ear, as my hands squeezed her breasts firmly through her blouse.

This excited me further and I pulled her against me forcefully, squeezing her hard "Mmmmmm yessssssss that's right." Helen moaned as I did this.

Now I admit that at this time in my life I was pretty naive when it came to women and sex, I'd had plenty of sex with girls my age, but Helen was my first real woman who knew exactly what she wanted. This was 15 years before 50 Shades, and I had not the first clue that some women wanted to be taken, coerced, dominated, even forced in a consensual manner, I was to learn a lot about this over the next 6 months.

Our kisses were so passionate, our breathing ragged, as she reached down to massage my throbbing cock, making me ache to fuck this beautiful woman.

"I want you to hurt me, carefully." Helen breathed in my ear, this had the effect of nonplussing and exciting me all at the same time.

"But I don't..." I gasped.

"Pull my hair, make me do what you want." She moaned plaintively.

My right hand snaked into the hair at the nape of her neck and I took a handful of her soft golden locks, I pulled her head back slowly but firmly, feeling the strain on her hair and the way she moaned deeply as my mouth explored her exposed throat, kissing and licking there.

I knew there were people about, and that they could find us soon but I wanted her so much, I wanted to please her so much and this was new to me, but even so I instinctively knew what to do next.

Forcing her to her knees by the hair, she looked up at me with her beautiful eyes, her hands quickly undoing my trousers, my boxers quickly yanked down my legs. 

My stiff cock sprang to attention, and her hot mouth enveloping the head quickly as she started to suck me slowly and so sensuously. Her eyes never leaving mine, while her tongue circled the head of my manhood. I moaned deeply and cast a quick glance towards the door, I could hear voices but the old folks were still on the lower levels.

I knew we didn't have a great deal of time and I wanted to take things further with Helen. I watched for another few moments enjoying the sensations as she sank her mouth to the base of my cock, choking gently then pulling back eyes watering looking at me knowingly as I took her by the hair once more pulling her to her feet and spinning her around.

"Lift your skirt for me." I hissed in her ear.

"Yes, yes sir." She replied as I kissed her neck her hands pulled her skirt up around her waist, the passion in me and the growing understanding of what Helen wanted drove my next move.

I took her knickers in one hand and tore them from her body, the savage motion leaving them in tatters in my hand, Helen stifled a cry as I did this, and moaned as she felt my cock nudge between her arse cheeks, finding her sodden gash and pushing inside in one fluid motion. She bucked back wantonly as I fed my length into her hungry cunt feeling it grip me tightly.

I reached around her and pulled her tight against me crushing her back against my chest as I penetrated her deeply. "God yes yes." She whimpered.

I pull away slightly and take her hair in my hand once more as I fuck this beautiful woman, pulling her head back enjoying the feeling of power this gave me. I would come to understand how turned on Helen became when she gave herself over to me to do what I wanted, losing all control.

I pounded my cock into her as I pulled her hair, my other hand dealing sharp spanks to her shapely buttocks, watching as they reddened quickly. I can feel how close she is, her moans and gasps shallower than before and I pull her close again squashing the air out of her before reaching between her legs to rub firmly at her clit.

Helen loses it now, throwing her head back as her legs buckle, her orgasm shaking her deeply, pussy clenching, waves of pleasure surging through her as she tries to stay quiet. I hold her up briefly then let her stand and withdraw, she quickly drops to her knees sucking me deep and fast, wanking me hard, eyes on mine urging me to cum for her.

I can't hold back any longer and stifle a cry when my orgasm arrives hard, hot cum spurting into Helens mouth as she swallows and sucks. My own legs feel shaky and weak as I watch and smile as she cleans my cock lovingly before helping me dress.

We leave quickly, big smiles on our faces as we pass the pensioners huffing and puffing their way up the stairs. When we reach the bottom Helen turns to me, realising we have left her ruined knickers on the floor of the small room upstairs and they're bound to be discovered!

We run out of the castle grounds as quickly as is decent, and walk back towards the cars.

"I think you learned something today from our visit to the castle wouldn't you say?" She smiled.

"You're not wrong, but I think I still have a lot more to learn Helen." I replied sheepishly.

"You've made a good start, let's see where it takes us, and look the day is still young, I'm sure there is still more you can learn today."

With this she took my hand and life for me in, and out of the bedroom would never be the same again.