 My name's Helen and I'm a happily married twenty nine years old, or at least I thought I was until recent events overtook me.

I don't have a full time job but I do go housecleaning three times a week. One of the houses I clean is for a couple Anne and Jim and it was whilst at their house a couple of months ago that things began to happen. 

I'd gone round as usual on Wednesday morning at about nine-thirty and I'd already been warned that their son Simon might be at home as he was on vacation from university. When I arrived I rang the bell, something I don't normally do as I have a key, but I didn't want to frighten Simon and I wished to signal my arrival. He was at home and he answered the door. He's an incredibly good looking nineteen year old who appears incredibly fit.

"Good morning, you must be Helen, mum told me to expect you," he said greeting me. "I'm Simon come on in." I followed him through the hallway and into the lounge. "Don't worry about me I'll be in my bedroom out of your way so you can get on without interference," he said.

"Are you sure?" I asked.

"Yes fine," he said before making his way upstairs. I got myself sorted out and began my usual cleaning routine.

"Simon, would you like a cup of tea or coffee, I'm having one," I shouted from outside his room.

"That would be great, mines a coffee, white no sugar, I'll be down now" he shouted back. I made my way down, having finished upstairs. I made the drinks and was eventually joined by Simon at the breakfast bar in the kitchen. I'd never met him before but we were soon chatting away about this and that.

"Simon could you give me a hand before you go back up," I asked as we finished our drinks.

"Yes, what can I do?"

"Can you hold the step ladder for me whilst I clean those tops. I don't get to do them often," I said. I climbed the steps and he was holding them. As I cleaned I felt his hands holding me just below my hips.

"I think this is safer than holding the ladder," he said. I then felt his thumbs stroking and squeezing into my buttocks. I was wearing leggings and I knew I'd be finished in a moment or two and decided to ignore his actions. As I came down the steps he kept hold of me, I turned round facing him as I reached the floor, he bent forward putting his mouth over mine and before I knew it his tongue was in my mouth and he was kissing me. I was totally surprised by his actions and it took me a little while to get my thoughts together. Before I could react and push him off and almost as quickly our lips parted, he let go of me, turned away and made his way out of the room and back upstairs.

For a few moments I was in shock and just stood there trying to take in what had just happened. After a while I regained my composure and I decided, for good or ill, just to complete my work and forget the incident.

"Simon, I've finished and I'm leaving now," I shouted up the stairs before leaving. I couldn't get what Simon had done out of my mind as I drove home and I kept thinking about it from time to time over the next few days.

...

On the Saturday I was going through my e-mails and there was one I didn't recognise from 'Rock'. I opened it and realised it was from Simon. 'Helen I enjoyed myself on Wednesday. I'd like to meet with you to discuss it. Monday 11o'clock at Costa in town. It's in your interest to be there. - Simon'

I read it and couldn't believe it. He must have obtained my e-mail address from his mums computer. I didn't know what to do but during Sunday I decided I had to meet him to sort the whole thing out.

'See you Monday - Helen' I emailed him in reply.

On Monday I arrived at Costa at the agreed time and Simon was already there. "Hi Helen... I'm glad you could come... What would you like to drink?" he said greeting me as cool as a cucumber.

"Err... Cappuccino please," I replied, surprised by his nonchalant manner. He went and ordered my coffee and brought it back to the table. 

"There you are," he said. "It's nice to see you again..."

"Simon, about Wednesday," I said cutting across him. 

"Yes," he said.

"Well what have you got to say?"

"I kissed you,"

"That's right... Why?"

"You're a very attractive woman and I felt like it," he replied. 

"Well you shouldn't have and your ideas have got to stop," I informed him.

"You didn't try to stop me," he offered as justification.

"I didn't get a chance," I replied.

"I think you could have, but didn't want to," he continued. "Did you enjoy it?"

"That's not the point." 

"I think it is, and you probably want more," he suggested. 

"Oh no!... This stops here," I said bluntly. 

"I think perhaps not," he responded. I was a little concerned by the tone of his voice. "We wouldn't want your husband knowing about how you kissed me would we," he went on with a slight hint of menace.

"That's not true and anyway he wouldn't believe you," I said in defence.

"The camera never lies," he said showing me a picture on his mobile phone. It was of us, showing what appeared to be the two of us eating each other's faces. He must have taken it quickly and surreptitiously the other day. "If I have to tell your husband he will want to know why you didn't say something last Wednesday, the dates on the picture." I went quiet not being able to believe what was happening and very confused about what to do next and what Simon's intentions were.

"What do you want me to do?" I eventually asked.

" Zilch... for now... just keep watching your e-mails," he said as if nothing was untoward. I pushed my unfinished coffee across the table, got up and walked out. as I drove home I thought about what was happening. I didn't like it, I didn't know what might happen, I wasn't in control and seemed to have no option, It scared me.

I watched my e-mails and nothing till Wednesday. 'Are you free Friday afternoon? Reply a.s.a.p.'

I replied immediately 'Yes. Why?' I didn't get a reply for an hour, then. 'A room has been booked in your name at the Ibis Hotel for Friday. You can check in at two o'clock. Once you get to your room phone me.' and he included his mobile number. My heart missed a beat as I read it. I was angry that he was dictating things to me and I felt uneasy and, I suppose, a little keyed up about what might happen.

Friday came around and I arrived at the hotel. I had no difficulty signing in and yes the room was in my name. I took the key card, made my way up in the lift, along the corridor and to my room. Once inside I took a deep breath and dialled Simons number and he answered. "Hi, it's Helen, I'm in my room... It's 414... O.K. then," I said before finishing the call. 

A short while later there was a knock at the door. "Who is it?" I shouted.

"It's Simon," came the reply. I opened the door and let him in. "Good afternoon Helen," he said quite formally.

"Err... good afternoon," I replied.

"I'm glad you decided to come," he continued, then the conversation stalled.

"What next?" I questioned breaking the impasse. 

"Well, next for me is an afternoon of fucking an attractive MILF and for you it's an afternoon of having yourself fucked," he said boldly.

"I don't think..."

"Remember the photograph," he said quietly, cutting me short. I really wasn't in a position to argue. "Come here," he said quite caringly, which surprised me, and I responded. "Relax," he said quietly as he put a hand behind my head, lowered his and kissed me. He was stroking the nape of my neck, an area that happens to be one of my most sensitive erogenous zones. I seemed to melt, my tightly shut lips parted and I allowed his tongue to explore my mouth as my tongue danced and entwined with his. After a spell our mouths parted. "See, that wasn't bad, once you'd relaxed, just chill and enjoy," he said. I just smiled, a semi-nervous smile. I was wearing a black, round necked, knee length, belted dress. Simon began unfastening the buckle before removing the belt. He turned me round so that he was standing behind me and slowly lowered the full length zipper. He eased the dress from my shoulders and then off. I was now standing in black lacy bra, matching thong, black hold ups (I always wear hold ups or stockings) and my black stilettos. He twirled me round slowly. "Wow!... look at you... definitely all MILF," he said passing comment. "Go over to the bed and lie down," he instructed. I complied as there was nothing else to do. He got undressed and I noticed a considerable package, tucked away inside his white briefs, as he made his way and joined me on the bed. "I think I'm going to have fun," he said. "How about you?"

"I might," I replied rather non-committal. 

"I'll just have to make sure you do," he said. I was lying on my back and he was lightly running his fingers over my stomach, I couldn't believe how gentle he was being, given that he'd forced me into this situation. "Nice flat tummy," he observed. "And well toned abs, do you work out?"

"A couple of times a week," I replied.

"I see. Sit up so I can get to see those little boobs of yours," he said. I thought , as I sat up, he's right about one thing my boobs are small being a 32A, . He reached behind me, unclasped my bra and slowly removed it before gently fondling my little lumps, one in each hand. "Uhmm! firm little tits but big nipples...nice," he further remarked.

"They're not too small are they?" I queried.

"Not at all, they're perfect and I must say you've got one sexy tight little body, you're lovely." In a funny way, given I'd been coerced into being there, I was very much liking Simons comments, he was making me feel good. His thumbs were now in the waistband of my thong and without thinking I raised my hips to facilitate their removal. "What a gorgeous pussy. I love your bushy landing strip," he said. I was now nude, apart from my hold-ups, and was starting to feel more comfortable and a little horny. Without saying anything Simon removed his briefs and I got my first sighting of his appendage. 

"Oh!... wow!! I exclaimed. My initial assessment of his package was correct, this guy was very well endowed in both length and girth and my level on the 'randy scale' jumped several notches as a result.

"I take it you like what you see," he said confidently.

"Uh! huh!" I responded, rather lost for words and still staring at his meat. "You're certainly a big boy," I added as an observation.

"You think so... well it's all for you to play with this afternoon," he informed me. I'd returned to lying on my back and he was lying on his side next to me. His hand was massaging my boobs and his fingers were tweaking my nipples. He lowered his head and our mouths met, no tightly shut lips now, I welcomed his tongue in immediately. As our tongues played together his hand began moving down my body eventually stopping to play with the hair on my landing strip. I was feeling a little apprehensive knowing where this was probably leading. I felt his finger sliding into my slit and all the anxiety in my body seemed to disappear as I relaxed and let go of my inhibitions, voluntarily opening my legs to ease his access. "Helen that feels nice, you're already quite moist down there," he observed having parted his mouth from mine. I already knew that even though I had been pressurized and intimidated into being there I had slowly become aroused and this just confirmed it.

"It's you that's getting me like this," I informed him.

"Good!... but you'll have to be wetter for what I have in mind," he continued.

"And what's that?" I questioned, feigning innocence.

"Be patient... good things come to those who wait," he replied and a quiver of anticipation rippled through me. I couldn't believe I was feeling like this as I thought I was in for some hard forced sex and instead his voice and manner were making me compliant and I was turning into a willing partner.

"It's going to be good then?" I teased.

"I hope so," he replied light heartedly. "I bet your nectar tastes good" 

"That's something you'll have to find out," I said, teasing him further. He needed no further encouragement as he altered our positions. I was still on my back but my feet were now planted either side of Simons shoulders who was lying on his front between my open legs. His hands were gently pulling my pussy lips apart and the realisation came over me that he was the first guy, other than my husband and doctor, to be viewing my open pussy since my marriage seven years ago.

"That looks so good," he said. "You've got pretty dark lips and inside you're lovely and pink. You're glistening as well, " he went on. It felt quite strange listening to Simon as no one had ever described my pussy to me before, and I had a twinge of self-satisfaction because what he could see appeared to please him.

"Uuuugh!" I suddenly moaned as his tongue licked along my slit for the first time.

"We are the sensitive one... aren't we," he commented. 

"I always have been... just go slow," I directed him. He continued with his licking, teasingly avoiding my clit.

"Helen you've got a gorgeous flavour... and a wonderful aroma," he continued with his compliments. He raised himself to his knees and manoeuvred me so that my lower back and legs were raised all the way up and my ankles were either side of, and beyond, my own head. It's a good job that I'm quite flexible which made it a comfortable position for me and it felt wonderfully 'naughty' due to the fact I was totally exposed, a situation Simon exploited to the max.

He returned his tongue to action, concentrating first on my love hole. He licked around it before starting to probe inside, it felt wonderful and he had me purring. He then moved to my perineum, that underutilized erogenous zone, but this young boy knew what he was doing and he concentrated his actions on that little area giving me pleasure. My bum hole was the next to experience his tonguing as he rimmed me perfectly, swirling around and probing inside. I'd stopped purring and was now quietly moaning my satisfaction. "Ooh! Aaaagh!" I exclaimed as his tongue flashed across my clit for the first time.

"Helen that's one responsive little nub you've got," he observed before licking over it again. I was now moaning louder, in appreciation of the fantastic sensations he was giving me, which increased in intensity as he sucked my love button into his mouth. 

"Oh!... Yes!... that feels so good," I informed him. I was becoming very aroused as he sexed me up. I could sense the wonderful feelings beginning to develop in my tummy and I knew from his relentless action that he wasn't going to stop. "Yes that's it!... That's it!... I'm cumming!... I'm cumming!... Oooooooooooooh!" I squealed, and my body started to shake uncontrollably as I climaxed hard. He eventually released my clit from his mouth, then rubbed it gently with his thumb, gradually slowing as my orgasm subsided. 

"Well Helen... I think you enjoyed that," he said rhetorically. "Your love juice tastes terrific and you've released so much of it., he observed. " You're a very wet lady." I was still breathing heavily and sighing. He was right I had enjoyed it immensely and I knew that my pussy was sopping. He encouraged me to return to lying full length on my back and he continued to kneel bedside me. "I think we should make use of that lovely wet state you're in," he said quietly. "What do you think?"

"Err... It would be a shame to waste it," I replied.

"What do you suggest?" he queried further.

"I think you should fuck me," I answered shamelessly. I no longer cared how he'd got me there, I just wanted him so bad.

"Doesn't look as if I'm ready for that," he said jokingly, looking at his semi-flaccid member.

"I'm sure I can take care of that," I suggested.

"I'm sure you can," he insinuated as he reclined on to his back next to me. I reached across and wrapped my hand around his meat, my first touch of his manhood. It felt nice and warm like all guys do, but this was different, it was so fat ,even though it wasn't at full size yet. That initial contact sent a feeling of excitement and lust through me, in anticipation of what was to come. I started stroking my hand slowly up and down his length, pulling back his foreskin. I raised myself up to my knees whilst studying the large bulbous head of his un-cut dick, it certainly knocked my husband's into a cocked hat. I lowered my head, stuck out my tongue and tentatively licked over the purple helmet covering it in saliva. He tasted good and I remembered how I used to particularly like felating un-circumcised guys as their heads had a lot more flavour, being confined within their protective covering. I probed my tongue into his 'japs eye' which elicited a little moan of satisfaction from him. I licked up and down the length of the underside of his pole, giving prolonged attention to his fraenulum. He was beginning to stiffen with the associated increase in length and girth. My hands are not very big but I was surprised and excited by the fact that I could no longer fasten my fingers around him. I had never seen as large a member in real life before, it certainly was a magnificent specimen. 

I lowered my mouth, taking in his head, it was so large I could only go down a couple of inches on to his shaft. I kept my tongue working, whilst jacking him with both hands, there was room on his length for one above the other. I continued my oral ministrations for a little while and he became fully erect as he moaned and groaned his appreciation of my efforts. "I think you've succeeded in getting me ready for you," he said. "Do you have any position in mind?"

"Will you take me in mish?" I enquired.

"I'd love to," he responded. "I assume your protected, as I'm going bareback," he continued.

"That's fine... I'm on the pill," I informed him. "Just be gentle." 

With me still on my back he'd taken up a position kneeling between my legs, which he'd spread wide open. Whilst holding my pussy lips open with one hand he used the other to rub himself up and down my slit before stopping at the entrance to my love hole. I took in a deep breath. "Relax," he said in response. "Just enjoy," he added as I could feel him pushing against me.

"Uuuugh!" I grunted as I felt myself being stretched as his head entered me.

"Is that alright?" he asked, in a concerned manner.

"It's fine... It's your size, you're so big... Just carry on," I reassured him. He followed my instruction, gradually feeding more of himself up me. I was already feeling fuller than I'd ever done before and he still had more to give, I didn't know if I could take him.

"Helen... You've taken all of me," he said a few moments later. I knew I had, without his commentary, as I could feel his big balls up against me. I felt a little glow of self-satisfaction knowing I'd taken such a big dick and although I was full and stretched it felt good. "Are you comfortable?" he enquired.

"Mmmmm... very," I replied.

"Would you like me to start to fuck you properly?" he went on.

"Yes please," I replied quietly with a touch of apprehension. Simon began shafting me very slowly, really long strokes, nearly all the way out and then all the way back in, it was an incredible feeling something I never thought I'd experience. He'd soon set up a gentle but steady pace and from his sighs of contentment and satisfaction, which matched mine, it was clear he was enjoying it as much as me. For a young guy he was surprisingly happy to take his time and as a consequence I was receiving an excellent screwing which had me juicing up liberally with the occasional slurping sound coming from between my legs.

"Is that O.K?" he asked.

"Uh huh!... It feels wonderful," I said.

"Great... perhaps you'd like to take it a little harder," he suggested.

"Mmmmm! sounds nice," I said. "You can do me as hard as you like," I told him, throwing caution to the wind. Very gradually he began to up his pace and with it the force of his inward strokes, which were now going really deep. "Ooooh!... You're doing me so good!... So good!" I said encouragingly and in appreciation of what he was doing to me, as if my moaning wasn't indication enough. He may have been young but he knew how to shaft a lady even though this may have been coloured somewhat by the fact he was the first guy to have me in seven years, other than my husband of course. I was now moaning continually in response to the pleasure I was receiving.
