 This is a true story, writing it brought back very fond memories. There is more to tell, if people are interested. Feedback will dictate if I post more.

Helen

When I started college I had dreams of parties and women. I was a serious student, too, but I was hoping for some action in college. I am average looking, not particularly athletic or muscular, but I am smart. I was hoping to capitalize on women who might enjoy me for my mind.

I was actually in a long-term relationship at the time. I had been with my girlfriend, Janice, for a couple of years. I know I'm an ass for hoping to get some at college, but she didn't put out, and I had a major case of blue-ball. I didn't plan to leave her, just get some action on the side.

I didn't choose my colleges very well – I went to a very small private Christian college. There didn't seem to be too many women there who were interested in anything beyond just a little kissing, not even touching each other. My blue ball was getting worse, not better.

But then I met Helen. I could tell she was different right away. The way she spoke was different – and I don't just mean her accent. She was from South Africa and had a beautiful, melodic accent on which everyone commented. Beyond that, she was much like me – smart but plain. She was nothing spectacular in the looks department. But the way she spoke – she clearly had a sexual appetite. I had grown up among women who repressed or hid this side of themselves. Helen spoke openly about sex and how she had it with her very long-term boyfriend whenever she made it back to Africa.

So there we were: two college freshmen, involved with distant people and horny as hell. We spent quite a bit of time together, and though we talked about sex and even masturbation, nothing ever happened. In hindsight I can see that we were both waiting for the other to make a move, but at the time I was too chicken to try something. We spent long nights talking, drinking coffee and various booze, smoking, and being "deep" while discussing our various classes. We had most classes in common, even, as we were majoring AND minoring in the same subjects (majors in philosophy and minors in English [good job prospects, don't you think??]). We really saw a lot of each other.

She had a manner about her that I found irresistible. She was comfortable with herself, dressed well for her body type, which was very thin, with tiny breasts and slim hips. Her breasts were small enough that she was entirely flat except for puffy areolas topped by thick, seemingly always hard nipples. I did have many opportunities to see her nipples, as she frequently wore flowing clothing and no bra. Each time I did, I would spend the following nights alone in bed wacking myself while thinking about those beautiful little puffy boobs with strangely large nipples. She had long, flowing blonde hair and very clear, light, delicate skin. She doesn't tan, she just gets pink.

As the year went on we became closer and closer. One evening, around midnight, I heard a tap on my door. Now we both lived in the dorms, but both of our roommates had quit, so both Helen and I had a room to ourselves. That meant that even though it was strictly forbidden, we often had very late-night chats. So this light tapping didn't surprise me at all.

I was, however, surprised when I said "Come in," and Helen came in wearing a huge parka, a thick knitted cap, gloves, scarf, and big boots. She had a very strange gleam in her eye; she actually looked a little maniacal. "What's up?" I asked her.

She just whispered one word: "Snow."

I understood immediately. Being from South Africa she had never seen snow except in pictures and movies. She had been excited about snow for months, and here it was falling. I put away what I was working on without a word and got up and dressed for the outside. I felt like I was overdressing, putting on my gloves and scarf and hat and boots, but I thought Helen might feel silly if I pointed out how over-dressed I thought she was. However, when we got outside, the snow I had expected to be minor had actually clearly been falling hard for a few hours. Everything had a coating of about five inches and looked beautiful. Helen had stopped, and was looking down at her boots standing in the snow. When she looked up she had the excitement of a five year-old on Christmas morning on her face.

I bent down, scooped up some snow, and threw it at her. It was fluffy and just covered her, not hitting her like a snowball would. She laughed in pleasure and returned the favor. Soon we were chasing each other with snow in our hands and laughing and wrestling in the snow. It was sheer delight to watch someone so excited about snow, and I found myself giddy with excitement and pleasure too. When we started to get tired we snuck into the cafeteria and stole some of the over-sized oven trays. It turns out they make excellent sleds! We went to the edge of campus and must have gone down the (very small) hill a hundred times, laughing harder each time as the snow got packed and we went a little faster.

At one point, Helen jumped on me just as I was going to go down the hill, and we went down together on one "sled." The trouble was that when she jumped onto me, her gloved hand landed square on my nuts, and while it was lovely to have her close and holding my crotch, I felt like I was going to throw up she nailed me so hard.

When we got to the bottom of the hill I just sort of rolled off the tray, and she realized at that moment what she had done. Trying not to laugh, and trying to be suitably somber, she apologized a dozen times. We both ended up laughing, and really I was fine.

We were both cold and tired at this point, and I told her that the only suitable finish to an evening like this was hot chocolate; so we went back to my room to make some. I had all the fixings in my dorm room, even a little Baileys to top off the chocolate.

When we got back to my room we started shucking off our wet outer layers. Helen had worn jeans – rookie mistake – and she was clearly wet and uncomfortable. She actually stripped them off and got a pair of my track pants and put them on. I pretended not to look, but I did. I thought she had a lovely butt, though she wore granny panties.

As she sat down I handed her a mug of hot chocolate. "Thanks," she said.

"No prob." I replied.

"Not just for the hot chocolate," she said to me, looking at me, "but for being so excited with me. I felt like a wanker for coming over and telling you it was snowing. I even waited a whole hour after I noticed the snow, but I was just too excited."

We both laughed, and I said, "I'm so glad you came and got me! That was great. It was easy to be excited watching you."

We sipped our hot chocolate, and I told her snow stories: about how my parents house formed a drift every year that reached the roof of the second story, and we always went down the roof onto the drift with a sled once a year; about how the snow in the mountain passes would be over 12 feet by this time, of how it might snow tonight and stay for two or three months. She was easy to talk to about this, she was an eager and appreciative audience. 

Before we knew it, it was nearly 3:00 am. Helen yawned and stretched and asked if she could just sleep at my place tonight, as she was warm and cozy already. I had secretly been thinking that I was glad we were at my place, so I wouldn't have to go outside again tonight. I said sure, she could have the bed and I could sleep on my couch, and she said, "Don't be silly. The bed is where we sleep, it is big enough for both of us."

It really wasn't. It was a twin bed, and I am six foot three and she was an five foot eleven. But I didn't say anything, and thought it might be a long night. She went to the bathroom and came back, saying, "I used your toothbrush." This bugs the crap out of me, and she knows it. She has no issue sharing a toothbrush with me, but I think that's disgusting. She smirked at me as she climbed into bed, and I headed off to the bathroom to get the water as hot as possible to disinfect my toothbrush.

When I got back to my room I turned off the lights, and stripped down to my boxers and t-shirt. When I climbed into bed Helen gave me a big hug, kissed my cheek, and said, "Thanks for playing in the snow with me."

"I loved it, it was fun." I replied. And then she did it. I felt her hand come up along my leg and come to rest on my dick. There was an extended silence, as her fingers gently squeezed my unit from time to time.

"Are you okay?" she finally asked me.

"Is this what you want?" I asked her.

"I'm not looking for marriage, just some fun. I think we know each other well enough that we can keep this...uncomplicated." She whispered to me.

I felt her hand move, and then she was inside my boxers holding my quickly stiffening dick in her long, slender fingers. As I got harder she stroked a little bit, we were both on our sides, facing each other, so this must have been uncomfortable for her. She pushed me over on my back, pushed my shirt up, pulled the covers down, and pulled my dick out of my boxers.

Looking at my dick she whispered, "nice!"

I laughed and said, "Thanks. Every man likes to hear that."

"I mean it," she replied, "You're hung like a horse!"

Now I'm not going to tell stories about impossibly large dicks, and I honestly thought mine was very average, like the rest of me, until that night. I really didn't have any experience with other guy's erect dicks, and I had never measured mine. It turns out that I'm not huge, but I'm bigger than average. My dick is just over eight inches long, I'd later learn.

She laid her head on my chest and continued stroking me. At this point, I had never had a handjob before, and I was in heaven. "Uh, this is the first time I'm doing this." I admitted to Helen. She just nodded her head and kept going. Her pace was agonizingly slow and steady. She got her other hand into it and pumped me two-fisted, turning her hands slightly in opposite directions as she went up and down. It was delicious, and I was soon losing control. She stopped, suddenly, however, and I recovered. She changed her position, and she straddled my legs and went back to two-fisting my dick, faster now.

"I'm going to cum." I said to her, and she stopped again. She reached over and clicked on my bed-side lamp.

"I want to see you cum." She said to me, and resumed her stroking. I felt uncomfortable initially, but seeing her looking with lust and longing at my dick dispelled that quickly. I was soon close again, and I started moving my hips more. She slowed down, allowing me to savor the feelings as I felt my cum exploding out of me. It all landed on my stomach, and as I was finishing Helen slowed down, trying to milk more out of my dick. When I was clearly done she took her shirt off and wiped me off and lay back down beside me. "That was hot," she said.

"Yes it was, thanks." I said. I reached over and felt her little breasts with their perpetually hard nipples. They were beautiful, but after a moment I started going down, thinking I was going to return the favor. But my hands were stopped by Helen.

"Not now, I have my period." She said to me.

"But I want to return the favor!" I protested.

"Oh, you will. Just not tonight. Let's get some sleep." She replied.

And so we went to sleep. It was a lovely night's sleep. As there was no fear of touching each other, we slept tangled together, both of us sleeping deeply and waking refreshed around 8:30. As we woke up Helen again pulled my dick out of my shorts and pumped it. This time she was behind me, we were spooning, and she was pulling on me with her right hand. It almost felt like masturbating, but so much better, as it was someone else's hand. She really took her time, making sure I could feel her naked breasts pressing against my back. Her hand travelled the entire distance of my shaft, and would then come back down, periodically pausing to fondle my balls. At one point she paused and spit into her hand. I had no idea what an impact that would have, but when she started again her saliva acted as a natural lubricant and her hand slipped up and down my shaft amazingly. She picked up the pace and I was soon ready to cum, and told her so.

She nibbled on my neck where it meets my shoulder and looked at my dick as she pumped it. That took care of it, I spewed my load onto my sheets, though I didn't care at that moment. It was so good, and seemed to last so long, as she slowed down and again milked my dick until I was completely finished.

"Wow," she said to me, "You do perform on command. Two huge loads in a row!"

I laughed and she got up and gave me her shirt again to clean up with, telling me we'd do laundry later that day. We got ready for the day together, though we didn't shower together (pity). We had breakfast together and were off to class.

All through the day I thought about what happened, and wondered if I regretted it. I finally decided that I didn't – nothing had changed between us, really. This was just another aspect of our intimacy, one that could have been present for a long time, but just now finally was. After dinner we worked on some homework in my room, and eventually she went home to bed. I was only a little disappointed, hoping it would be a regular thing that we'd sleep in the same bed, but I knew that was folly.

And so this continued. While we didn't actually make out again for a long time, our study time was more cuddly than it had been. We changed our clothes in front of each other without shame, and we generally grew more comfortable with each other's physicality. When we studied we'd often put our feet in each other's laps, or give each other back-rubs, and so forth. It was lovely.

About a month after the first snowfall we had another doozie of a storm. It was a mid-winter break long weekend in February, and though most of the students had left for some warm-weather vacation, Helen and I remained at school due to lack of funds for such an adventure. The first night the snow fell thick and heavy and didn't stop for three days. The city shut down and the students couldn't get back to the college, so the long weekend grew longer.

Campus was like a ghost town, and Helen and I felt alone. When the snow finally stopped we went out again to play in the snow, getting trays from the cafeteria and wearing our warmest clothes. This time we hiked up to the back end of campus where there was a larger hill, and spent a very pleasant couple of hours playing in the snow, sledding, and flirting. This time we went back to her place afterward, as there was no one at all left in her dorm at the moment, and there were a couple of dorks in mine.

Once back in her room we stripped off our coats and such, and I took off my pants and sweater as they had gotten wet too. So there I sat in my boxers and t-shirt, feeling self-conscience. Helen was still fairly bundled.

"I'm freezing," she said. "I'm going to crank the heat up in here and go take a hot shower. That way I'll be warm and the room will be too when I get back." I nodded, and she looked at me, "Aren't you going to join me?"

I didn't need to be asked again. Her dorm was empty, after all, so no worries. She got out a couple of towels and off we went to the bathroom together. Once there I stripped her clothes off her and got my first look at her totally naked body. She was totally shaved except for a small patch of light blonde hair just above her slit. She pulled my clothes off me too, and then pulled me into a shower.

I stood behind her, my already hard cock between her ass cheeks, my hands roaming up and down the front of her, going from breasts to pussy and back again. "Mmmm, that's nice," she said, "and I believe you owe me a couple good orgasms..."

"Just tell me what you want," I said, "I'll do whatever you want."

She kept me behind her and put one of her feet up on the bench in the shower. She then put her hand on top of mine and showed me how to touch her. She was basically masturbating with my hand, it was so hot. She must have thought so too, because she soon came, panting and holding me for support. It was very hot.

We finished up our shower and walked naked back to her room. There was something pretty erotic about being naked in a public place, though we knew no one was around. I walked behind her and admired her ass. It was slim, but still had a nice shape and just the right amount of movement when she walked. Once back in her room Helen sat down at the dressing table she had managed to squeeze into her tiny dorm room after her roommate left. She started brushing out her hair and I just sat and watched her for a bit, then I walked up behind her and started rubbing her shoulders. She immediately put down the hairbrush and relaxed her shoulders, clearly wanting me to continue.

After a few minutes she stopped me and handed me some cream. "Here," she said, "If you're going to be rubbing my whole body anyway, you might as well moisturize."

We both laughed and I set to work covering her with moisturizer.

When she had been thoroughly rubbed down we got into bed. She laid herself down partially on top of me, lining our faces up and kissing me. I felt her hand on my penis and sighed. It was heavenly being in bed with a naked woman. But I had a duty to do...

I pushed her onto her back and kissed her on the mouth lightly. Then I pulled back and kissed her neck and moved down to her breasts. Her nipples, though hard to begin with, grew even harder between my tongue and teeth, and she urged me to nip at them harder. Apparently she liked it rough. As I worked on her breasts, my hand was rubbing her pussy, and I noticed it had become exceedingly slick. So, even though I had no idea what I was doing, I moved down and put my mouth on her pussy. She must have approved, because she sighed deeply and put her hands on either side of my head and pulled me up so my mouth was on her clit.

I ignored her, feeling bold, and moved down again, penetrating her a little with my tongue. Her hips came up to meet me, she was into this. So I did my best to tongue fuck her for a while, and then moved back to her clit. I flattened my tongue out and pushed it against her, rolling her clit between her body and my tongue.

The effect was instantaneous. She pulled my head hard against herself and came. Her hips pumped and pumped against my head as her open mouth silently formed a perfect "O." After a long orgasm she slowed down, and pushed me away, saying it was too sensitive, and when I lay next to her she jumped on me and kissed my face – no doubt tasting herself. It was very hot.

She seemed to drift into sleep for a while, and I must have too, because I woke up about an hour later and looked down to see her straddling my legs. She was working my tool with both her hands, and when she saw I was awake she lowered her head and took it into her mouth. I was in total heaven. If I thought a hand-job was great, a blow job was far superior.

It didn't take long at all for me to go from flaccid to hard, and then to ready to cum. I told her, and she immediately flipped over onto her back and said, "Wank yourself, and cum on my tits."

Always wanting to comply I did my best. I positioned myself over her and grabbed my dick and pumped. Looking down at her naked body while I pistoned my dick in and out of my fist was too much. I soon shot, and while I aimed at her tits, it shot a lot farther than it usually did, and I hit her square in the face with the first rope of cum, in the neck with the second, and the rest ended up on her tits.

She was surprised by the intensity of my orgasm, but not displeased. When I was finished she lay there in her cum-covered glory and I flopped beside her. "You realize we're going to have to shower again?" she asked me. When I grunted my acknowledgement she grabbed me by the hand and pulled me into the hallway toward the shower.
