 I have just completed my third work period at a legal brothel located near the Interstate Highway in Northern Nevada. Many men have had the pleasure of renting and using my body for their sexual satisfaction. My mouth and cunt have been filled with hard cocks of various sizes and color. But my wallet is also filled with the money I received working as a prostitute. 

A few minutes ago, the Brothel Shift Manager dropped me off at the bus station, then she left -- -- I started reading a paper back book. And waiting. It is about 1:15 pm.

Most of my parties were short -- 15 and 30 minutes, but I also had parties an hour long and a few even longer. Most of the men were complete strangers who used my body. 

But I had one party with a man who went to school with me -- -- we had even casually dated years ago. Several years ago, when I was still married, he danced with me at our high school class reunion -- at the brothel, it was initially somewhat embarrassing to be stark naked as he looked at my boobs and sex. He said that he wanted to have his cock in my body for many years -- -- his goal was achieved.

But I also had my sixth party earlier today with Garrett. He is fast becoming a special friend. He plans to meet me at the bus station between 1:30 and 1:45 pm -- -- and take me back home to San Antonio. His home is in Austin, Texas. But if he changes his mind, I will simply take the bus to Texas. The bus leaves at 2:10 pm.

I look around the bus terminal waiting room -- but Garrett is not here. I continue reading my book. And waiting. If Garrett and I actually travel together back to Texas, I am well aware that he wants to be paid for taking me to Texas. But payment -- for transportation, meals, motel, and seeing tourist areas -- would not be made by me with money. 

Garrett wants payment to be made as he uses my body for his sexual pleasure. That is very satisfactory with me -- -- at the Brothel both Garrett and I received sexual satisfaction during our parties. And I know that his cock will sexually please me with orgasms.

I glance at my watch -- it is about 1:20 pm -- then look around the room. But I do not see Garrett. I continue reading my book and wait.

<> <> <> <> <> <>

FIRST TRAVEL DAY

I hear a familiar voice say: "Hello, Kitty."

Looking up, I see Garrett. Our eyes meet -- both of us smile.

I glance at my watch, it is about 1:25 pm.

"You are early, Garrett."

"Yes. Possibly I am a little anxious to be with you again."

"I smile and say: "I understand. My feeling is similar." 

He whispers in my ear: "And in your body."

He picks up my suitcase, then we walk to his vehicle. In a few minutes, we leave the small town and head East on the Interstate Highway. Finally, we turn South and drive toward Ely, Nevada -- where we eat in a restaurant.

Near Ely, we visit Great Basin National Park and see Lehman Cave and drive up a mountain road. This is my first visit to this Park. After parking, we hike a short distance to a secluded area. We fondle each other, through our clothing. Our kisses are long and passionate, as tongue tips touch and explore. But I am well aware that this is only an appetizer for what is to come on our drive to Texas.  

It is early evening as we check into the motel and eat some dessert. Now back in our motel room, Garrett strips off his shirt, pants, shoes, and socks. 

"Let's have some light foreplay first, Kitty -- -- then we can be very intimate. OK?"

"Sounds good. We can relax, it has been a long day and a long drive. You are probably tired."

Garrett sits down on a small sofa -- he is wearing his white underpants and a T-shirt.

"I am not that tired. Your turn, Kitty. Please strip slowly and model for me."

I look at Garrett's face. Then my eyes travel down his body. I can easily observe a slight bulge that is pushing against his white underpants. I have seen, handled and been penetrated by his manhood at the brothel during our many parties. But this will be the first time -- away from the brothel -- that we will be providing sexual pleasures for each other. 

And the first time that we will be sleeping together and sharing a bed for many hours. I wonder how much sleeping we will actually be doing. Or will Garrett be using my body often -- during the night. He is quickly becoming a special friend -- -- and I will certainly try to please him.

Slowly, I pull my black sweater up over my lower stomach. Then over the bra that Garrett give me several weeks ago. He modified the bra by cutting out the cups -- essentially it is several narrow black strips of cloth that frame my breasts like a picture is framed. My boobs and teats are completely exposed. After pulling the sweater over my head, I toss it at Garrett.

"I see that you are wearing the bra that I gave you. I like looking at your female mounds when they are framed with those narrow black strips of cloth."

"I thought you like looking at my breasts when they are bare and when they are covered?"

"Yes. Any time."

I slip off my shoes and socks. Then push my blue jeans and panties over my hips -- slowly they slide down my legs. I step out my clothes. While I am still wearing the modified black bra -- -- -- for all practical purposes I am naked.

Garrett removes his underpants and T-shirt. And says: "Twist, bend, and turn as you walk around the room. I want to have some foreplay before we become as one."

For a few minutes, I move around the room -- twisting, bending, and turning. I could see Garrett looking at my boobs and my genitals as I face him. I know that he is also looking at my ass when my back is toward him. Garrett does not specialize in liking one part of a woman's body like some men do. Garrett is a generalist -- he likes and enjoys all the parts of a woman's body. 

"Please come over and stand in front of me, Kitty."

Over the next several minutes, Garrett's eyes travel from my face down to my feet -- with brief stops at my breasts and pussy. Then he starts rubbing my entire bare body with both of his hands and finger tips. I could easily observe his growing manhood. 

"Before we continue, I need to piss. I would like you to direct my stream."

I follow him to the bathroom. As he stands in front of the toilet, I hold his penis in my hand.

"If the floor gets wet, it is your fault, Kitty."

"Possibly you should sit down on the toilet seat, Garrett. Like women do. When finished, you could wipe your damp penis tip with toilet paper -- like women wipe their slit."

Our eyes meet, we smiled. Garrett softly laughed.

Soon my fingers could feel his stream as it starts flowing through his penis. The yellow liquid hits the water in the toilet bowl -- then slows and stops. The floor remains dry.

Garrett unhooks my modified black bra and says: "Do you like chocolate?"

"Yes."

"I have some chocolate syrup. We can eat some of each other body as dessert."

I lay down on the bathroom floor. And say: "Eat me."

Garrett pours some of the chocolate on my teats, navel, upper legs, and on my neatly trimmed pussy hair. The he licks the chocolate off my body

Now Garrett lays down on the bathroom floor. And says: "Pour some of the chocolate syrup on my chest and lower stomach. Then rub the chocolate over my body using your breasts."

"That sounds like you want a breast massage."

"Yes. A chocolate breast massage."

I pour small amounts on Garrett's body -- chest, lower stomach, and upper legs."

"I would like you to lick and suck my breasts and teats before you receive a breast massage."

"That is a request that I will enjoy."

I bent my upper body over Garrett's face -- then push my left boob over Garrett's entire face. As my boob brushes his lips, Garrett clamps down on my teat and starts sucking. It reminds me of the sucking action of my babies when my breasts where full of milk and I was nursing them years ago. 

For several minutes, Garrett sucks my left teat. Then I move and offer my right teat. Again, 

Garrett clamps down on my right teat and sucks. Both teats enlarge, but my breasts are dry. They have been dry for many years.

"Please rub my body with your nice breasts. I just want to lay here and relax while you give me a breast massage. Then you can eat the chocolate off my body."

The chocolate breast massage lasts for many minutes. Then I suck the chocolate off Garrett's chest and upper legs. But the best part is saved for the last bit of sucking activity. I gently stroke Garrett's balls with my finger tips -- -- while I suck the chocolate off the shaft of his cock. In a minute or so, the chocolate from the base of his cock -- the shaft, the rim -- to the tip is removed.

"While we are in the bathroom, let's take a shower together." Garrett suggests.

Soon the warm shower water splashes on our naked bodies. For several minutes, I rub soap on Garrett's entire body. But his penis and balls receive additional attention from my soapy hands. I could easily see and feel his penis growing as I wash his manhood. Finally, Garrett slowly turns around in the warm shower water and rinses off the soap. 

Now, Garrett is rubbing his soapy hands on my entire body. But his soapy hands spend more time rubbing my breasts, my ass, and my pussy lips. After many minutes, I rinse the soap off my body.

After stepping out of the shower, we take turns drying each other off with large fluffy white towels.

"I have something else I want to do."

"I have had enough to eat. I need to watch my figure, Garrett. -- -- -- So you will also watch my figure."

Garrett reaches into his carry-on bag and pulls out a pen. "I am going to write a word on you lower stomach just above your pussy slit."

"If you do that, I also get to write something by your cock."

"OK."

"This is a red marking pen with washable ink."

Garrett gets on his knees and writes a word by my pussy lips. Then I get on my knees and write two short words by his manhood.

Together, we face the bathroom mirror and read the words.

The word Garrett wrote by my pussy is PLEASURE 

The words I wrote by Garrett's cock is HOT ROD  

"It is getting late. Let's get in bed and see if PLEASURE  and HOT ROD happens." I suggest.

"I like that idea."

During the next forty minutes or so, PLEASURE  is achieved by both of us. Garrett's HOT ROD  functions successfully in the missionary position. It is a wonderful fucking that he gives me. I am satisfied -- completely satisfied. And I know that he is satisfied.

In fact, Garrett had fucked me about noon during our party at the brothel. It was a very nice day for me -- two wonderful fuckings from my special friend. And Garrett thanked me several times for the pleasures that I provided.

It is late, we are both in the king size bed. But we are very close -- arms and legs are intertwined, as we cuddle. Our naked bodies are touching. I can feel his flaccid manhood touching my trimmed pubic hair.

"Probably early tomorrow morning, I will want to possess you again. OK?"

"Yes. You may have me anytime, Garrett. You may penetrate me anytime."

"Thank you. I like the word 'anytime', Kitty." 

Gradually, sleep came for both of us.

SECOND TRAVEL DAY

I glance at the clock. It is about 4:30 am -- -- the motel room is dark. But some light from outside seeps into the room through the curtains on the window. But something had caused me to wake up. The bed covers are down by my feet. My right breast and its teat are being licked and sucked. Fingers are fondling my clitoris and pussy lips -- -- a finger is repeatedly penetrating my love tunnel. I could feel my natural body lubricant slowly oozing out of my body. 

"Good morning, Kitty. I wanted you to be awake before I penetrated you."

"Good morning, Garrett. How long have you been fondling my body?"

"Only for several minutes."

"I am already wet. Are you ready to fuck me now?"

"Yes. I already am wearing a condom."

I reach down between Garrett's legs and stroke his balls and his condom covered cock. His HOT ROD  is hard and ready for action. Penetrating action. Deep penetrating action.

I spread my legs. And say: "I am yours. Fuck me, now."

Quickly, Garrett gets between my legs. The tip of his cock touches my pussy lips. Then he penetrates me -- -- completely. My moist cunt is filled, then partially emptied as his large organ explores me for several minutes. 

Now, his many thrusts come fast. Frequently his balls hit my ass. He rams and pounds my cunt as his organ grows even larger. After several more thrusts, Garrett comes. I know that he has been satisfied. That is OK -- he sexually satisfied me last evening.

It was like some of the parties, with other men, that I had at the brothel. Quick in, quick ejaculation, and quick out. Garrett has used my body for his pleasure. But that is OK -- he has provided me with lots of pleasure in the past. I am certain that he will provide me with ample pleasure -- both in public and in private -- as we travel to Texas.

We separate -- -- only our finger tips are touching. Both of us soon are sleeping, again.

<> <> <> <> 

As we woke up, Garrett requested me to wear some lose fitting clothes that I could easily remove as we drove. I did as he requested. He also requested that I go without a bra.

After breakfast, we drove southeast toward two National Parks -- Bryce Canyon and Zion -- located in the southwestern area of Utah. In only a few minutes, we had left the small town and were traveling on a two lane highway. Traffic was light. 

"As I drive, I want to be able to look at your pussy. Please take off your blue jeans and panties. Also unbutton your blouse -- -- but leave it on so you can easily cover your boobs when a car or truck comes toward us."

In less then a minute, I am practically naked. My pants and panties were on the floor of the vehicle. My boobs are uncovered, but my shirt could be quickly pulled over my upper body.

"This is the first time that I have been practically naked in a moving car."

"Yes. I want to enjoy your female flesh. Please keep your legs spread wide -- I want to see your pussy lips."

Garrett continues driving southeast. Traffic continues to be light -- I continue to have my pussy lips exposed. Only a few times did I cover my boobs when a car or truck passed us as it went in the opposite direction.

Finally, Garrett said: "Play with your clitoris and pussy, Kitty. I want to see you sexually arouse yourself."

"I thought that you would like me to sexually arouse your penis. Possibly a hand job or a blow job."

"I want to be a safe driver. But later, tonight in the motel. Also, I want to take some digital pictures of you and us. Some special pictures."

"What do you mean -- -- 'some special pictures', Garrett?"

"Some nude pictures -- -- ONLY for our personal use."

"I thought that is what you meant. OK -- but ONLY for our private viewing."

"Yes." 

As Garrett drove, I finger fuck myself and fondle my clitoris. My breathing quickens and becomes heavy. Years ago, when I was married, sometimes I faked an orgasm for my husband. After the fake orgasm, he allowed me to go to sleep and did not bother me for any more sex.

On purpose, I start breathing quickly. I start moving my lower body. I could see that Garrett frequently glanced at my fingers as I fondle my clitoris and finger fuck myself. In a few minutes, my fake orgasm is over. Garrett continues driving -- but now he is watching the road more closely. Traffic is increasing as we approach a small Utah town and an Interstate Highway.

"We should be at Bryce National Park in about one hour. A few miles on the Interstate Highway, then we head east to Bryce. You could get dressed if you want to, Kitty."

I buttoned my shirt as we approached the town. But I left my pussy lips completely exposed -- my legs are spread. I want Garrett to remember the many pleasures that he could have between my legs. I want him to see the word  PLEASURE  that he wrote last night in red ink -- by my pussy lips. I know that Garrett is well aware of the many pleasures that a man can have in a moist cunt -- -- but it does not hurt for a woman to do some advertising. But as we approach Bryce Canyon, I get dressed.

"Thank you, Kitty -- -- for being so willing to let me get glances at your body as I drove."

"You may glance at my nude body -- only as long as you continue driving in a safe manner."

"Yes, Kitty."

During the remaining day light hours, we visit Bryce Canon and Zion National Parks. They are beautiful -- -- if one likes looking at blue sky, fluffy white clouds, rocks, and trees. I enjoyed these Parks and appreciated Garrett showing me these tourist sites. This was my first time visit to these Parks -- and I want to return, again.

After leaving Zion, our drive continues east. As evening approached, we got a bite to eat at a restaurant. Then check into a motel in a small town near the Arizona – Utah Border. In only a few minutes, we are in our motel room. 

Tonight, Kitty, we are going to have some serious foreplay."

"Only serious foreplay?"

Garrett smiles. "Serious foreplay and take some digital pictures -- -- before we fuck."

"I like the way that you fuck me, Garrett."

"And I like fucking you, Kitty. I want to get some digital pictures of you and us -- doing some intimate and even personal things."

"What do you want to do first."

"I would like to take some pictures of you as you strip -- and then as you walk stark naked around the room." As he responds to my question, Garrett strip off all of his clothes.

I do as Garrett requested. Slowly, I take off my shoes and socks. One by one, the rest of my clothing follows: shirt, blue jeans, and panties. The digital camera is operated by Garrett, many times.

Stark naked, I walk around the room -- twisting, turning, and bending as I walk. Again, Garrett takes a number of pictures.

"Please put on the modified black bra -- the bra with the cups cut out."

Garrett takes a few pictures as I put the bra on. Then more pictures as I stand near him -- wearing only the modified bra. Finally, Garrett had me remove the bra. 

After mounting the camera on a tripod, Garrett and I stand close together and fondle each other -- -- as the camera takes several pictures. Then we sit together on the small sofa -- as the camera takes some more pictures, we again fondle each other.

"You are going to use up all of the batteries or the memory."

"I have more batteries and a battery charger. Also lots of memory capacity."

"And I noticed that you have a laptop computer. You could download the pictures if necessary."

"Yes."

"Please lay down on the bed, spread your legs, and pretend that you are fucking yourself with this banana." 

I put a condom on the banana, and placed it partway into my cunt. The digital camera takes several pictures. Garrett peels the banana partway and then places the unpeeled section in my cunt. He kneels by me and partially eats the banana. More pictures are taken.

"While you are on the bed, I would like to take several very intimate and close pictures of your pussy. OK?"

I really did not think that a detailed verbal reply is needed. I spread my legs and use my fingers to spread my pussy lips. Garrett takes many close-up pictures of my delicate pink flesh.

"I need to piss. Is that intimate and personal enough? Do you want some pictures?"

"Yes. And yes. But stand up in the shower as you urinate."

I stand in the shower. My urine stream slowly starts with some yellow drops. Then a continuous yellow stream flows past my pussy lips and hits the shower floor -- some liquid splashes onto my feet. Then my stream slows and stops. The camera records a number of pictures on the removable memory. 
