 That morning, the father passed on taking me but Matt quickly took his pleasure. David took a bit more time and it felt more like making love than just sex. By the time we were done, Matt had already left. We cleaned up and went in so I could prepare breakfast. This time, I opted to make scrambled eggs. While I served breakfast, the lawyer man and his wife asked again "Are you okay?"

"I'm fine thanks, and you?"

The man insisted "I need to know, have they been raping you? Have they harmed you in any way?"

"I assure you that they have treated me well and that I'm fine."

Just then, there were more people so I greeted them and the couple walked away.

The day went pretty much like the previous days. Sandwiches for lunch again. For dinner, I was tasked with making meatloaves and mashed potatoes with carrots and turnip incorporated. After dinner, the lawyer man volunteered to help me with the dishes. It sounded great to have help but it also meant less one-on-one time with David. 

We started with small talk but quickly, ,the lawyer started asking me again about my new friends. "Where do they take you at night? What do they have you do? Are they threatening you in any way?"

How many times would I need to tell him? But hey, here goes again... "Sir, once again, let me assure you that I am being treated well and that there are no threats."

"You don't have to pretend with me. I'm taking notes of everything they're doing so they can be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law."

He was beginning to really irritate me. But I had to remain calm.

"Sir, I'm not pretending. I am being treated well."

Maybe I should turn the tables and ask him questions so I continued "Now tell me, what kind of lawyer are you? Civil? Criminal? Prosecution? Defence?"

"I'm a criminal defence lawyer."

"Are you any good?"

"I think so and my clients are certainly willing to pay a premium for my services over others. Why?"

He'd answered so cockily. He was really full of himself. I'd had it with him.

"Well, if you're that good, I would suggest that instead of plotting against our hosts, you get to know them and work with them to get justice and get their families back. Instead of trying to hurt them, you could help them and help us all to get out of this situation. Now please leave. I'll finish up here and I really don't want your kind of help."

I held my arm out pointing at the door. Then, I turned my back on him and resumed the kitchen's clean up. He left. 

It took me a while but I got things cleaned up. I was wondering where David was for the garbage but hey, I could do it. I had seen where the dumpster was beside the building so I pulled the bags out of the bins, tied them up and put fresh ones in. Then, I went to see if David was on his way. I saw David and Matt talking to their father. David and Matt seemed upset about something. They were speaking in their language so I had no clue what it was all about. 

I went back into the kitchen and grabbed the bags. I exited and went out the side door and went to the dumpster. I got the bags in and then went back towards the hall. I wasn't three paces inside when Matt erupted, grabbed me by the hair, rather violently this time and brought me back into the hall. He then threw me on the floor next to his dad.

"This one was trying to escape."

"By walking towards this hall? All I did was take out the garbage. I was on my way back here when you grabbed me."

Henry asked "Matt? Which way was she walking?"

Matt shook his head. His dad asked again "Matt?"

"Towards here."

"There you go, she wasn't trying to escape."

"Well whatever trust I had is gone. She's a conniving little liar."

As he was saying that, he threw the cuffs and keys onto the table and stomped away. David followed him. I was so confused. What had I done?

I turned to Henry and asked "Do you know what is going on? I'm super confused here. Did I say or do something to upset them?"

"Let's go to the teepee where we can talk in private."

I nodded and offered him my wrists. He shook his head. He took the cuffs and put them in his back pocket, along with the keys. He then took me by the hand and led me out the side door and to the teepee where we'd been spending the nights. 

Once in there, he invited me to take a seat with him. He was so serious. As soon as we sat down he started.

"Two sons, same parents but couldn't be more different. Yet they both have good hearts. And both are stubborn and upset."

He paused. I simply nodded.

"David heard you talking to that lawyer and told Matt and I what you said about wanting him to help resolve the situation so you could leave. I think it broke his heart."

That explained it, except that it wasn't what I had said and definitely not what I had meant. "Henry, please allow me to explain and clarify."

"Please do."

"That lawyer has been trying to get me to say that you've been raping me and threatening me and treating me poorly. I have repeatably told him that I've been treated very well. But he was insisting that he needed to know what's being done to me so he can note it for the prosecution. I told him that instead of doing that, he should work with your community to get justice and get us all through this situation. I didn't say that I wanted to leave."

"Isn't getting through the situation a way for you to leave?"

"Henry, I don't really want to leave, especially not you and Matt and David. I really like you. But I'm worried about what will happen if this situation lasts much longer. I want the situation to be resolved in a manner that allows your families to reunite and in a way that will allow us to see each other without me having to go see you in a jail."

He nodded. I continued "Henri, we can't do this forever. We all have lives to get back to, including you, David and Matt. But when we do get through this, I'd really like for us to get together again. I never meant that I wanted to get away from you, that's the last thing I want, I promise."

"I believe that my younger son is developing feelings for you. Matt and I would step back if he wishes us to. For tonight, both of them have gone to their homes. Sleeping should help cool them down and I can talk to them in the morning."

"I could talk to them too."

"Oh you should but only after I speak to them. As I said, they can be rather stubborn."

"Okay."

"Now, how about you come cuddle with this old man and we get some sleep?"

"Just sleep?"

"You are a hungry little thing, aren't you?"

"Is that a problem?'

"I believe that my son is seriously falling for you and that once we clear up this misunderstanding, he will continue to get to know you and want more. What if some day, David wants you all to himself?"

"That will be a decision we would make together. If we both agree to be a couple and we want to be exclusive, I will respect that. This is the first time in my life that I've ever done anything like this. As nice and fun as it is, I honestly don't think it's something I could do forever. And I think I'm falling for him too. But what will that do to Matt?"

"Matt isn't ready for a relationship and he knows it. And he's not right for you. David is."

"And you know that how?"

"I'm old and I know things."

"Do you now?"

"I do. You want to know what else I know?"

"What's that?"

"I know that I want to spend intimate time with you before I can't anymore."

He reached for my face and pulled it to his. He kissed me sweetly. He then pulled my whole body against his and we tumbled onto the pelts. We slowly undressed each other, caressing every bit of skin we uncovered. He paid a lot of attention to my nipples, something I showed my appreciation for by moaning loudly and reaching for his cock. His hand migrated to my vulva as he pulled the closest nipple into his mouth. He rubbed me in circles and once in a while, would push his fingers inside and rub either in and out or in circles inside. He took his time, getting me all hot and bothered. 

I wasn't ready to come just yet and figured I could have some fun with my hands and mouth too. I pulled away from him and turned around, grabbing his cock in my hand and pulling it into my mouth. I heard him moan and breathe heavier. I licked and sucked on his cock for a few minutes. He pulled my head away. "There's something I'd like to talk about with you."

"Okay."

"I want to tell you how much I admire you."

"You admire me?"

"I had never been with anyone else than my wife until a few nights ago. When my wife and I married, she told me that she'd been abused in a residential school. She thought sex was disgusting and only agreed to it to have children. She died ten years ago and I haven't been with anyone else since then. And you came along, not only wanting sex but wanting it with three of us. You also didn't hesitate to take our penises into your mouth and to open your legs to David's mouth. My wife had always said that oral sex was dirty. I admire your openness and your spirit of adventure."

"How did you feel about it?"

"I didn't know. I'd never tried it and I wasn't going to push her just to satisfy my curiosity. I needed to respect her and I did. It wasn't like I was unhappy, quite the opposite. We had a great life."

"But?"

"But I now have an opportunity to try something different."

He hesitated. "Henry? You can tell me. As you said I'm open."

"Would you allow me to ... to..."

"You want to try oral sex on me?"

"Yes"

He was embarrassed and uncomfortable. I reached over and kissed him. "Henri, it's just the two of us, you can try whatever you want. Within reason, of course."

He kissed me and then pushed me down on my back. He then started a downward voyage that took a little detour on my nipples. When he had then hard and erect, he moved on lower. When he got down there, he hesitated and then tentatively started licking me. I moaned to encourage him. But after a while, he lifted his head and asked "What was David doing to make you crazy?"

"He pulled my clit into his mouth and flicked his tongue on it. Oh yeah, like that. Mmmm, that's really good."

Emboldened, he sucked on my clit and alternated between doing that and flicking his tongue on it. It felt heavenly. I arched my back in response and he understood that I was enjoying his actions. He got a little bolder and brought his fingers up and pushed one in. I moaned loudly, encouraging him. He pushed further in and then put a second finger in. I moaned even louder. He might be new at this but he was a quick study, that's for sure. 

"Don't stop, please don't stop!"

I was truly enjoying this, he really was good. If he kept this up, I wouldn't last much longer. And then, he reached up with his free hand and grabbed a nipple and rolled it between his tow fingers and thumb. That pushed me over the edge and I moaned loudly. Henry left his fingers in me but looked up and asked "Was that good?"

"Mmmm, that was more than good. Now how about we take care of you?"

"Think you could do it with your mouth like the other night?"

"Why don't you straddle my waist and bring that amazing cock up here?"

"You want me to sit on your chest?"

"Just below my chest."

He did as he was told and I grabbed his cock and gave it a kiss. I then pushed my breasts together around his cock. "Why don't you hold my breasts?"

As soon as his hands were on my breasts, I put my hands on his hips and encouraged him to move back and forth. After a few movements, I pulled more and took him into my mouth. He let out a groan that I interpreted as pleasure. I made him move back and forth and put a hand on his cock to limit how deep he could go. His dangling balls rubbed my breasts which he had let go of. He moved forward and essentially fucked my mouth slowly and carefully but he was clearly enjoying it. 

Suddenly, he lunged forward, losing balance, so lost was he in the sensations. He fell on his hands and was still astride me so now his knees were under my arms. I didn't stop licking or sucking. With my hands, I guided him to keep slowly moving in and out of my mouth. I rubbed my tongue faster against his cock and then I heard him grunt. It was soon followed by spurt after spurt of his come down my throat. 

When he was totally done, he climbed off me and laid down next to me. He pulled me into his arms and kissed my neck tenderly. "Now we sleep."

The next morning, he awoke me early with caresses and kisses. The way he looked at me, I could tell there was something else he wanted to try. He kept caressing me and once he saw that I was awake, he got bolder, teasing my nipples and my clit. 

"What would you like?"

"You remember how I said that I preferred you to be free?"

"Yes."

"There was kind of something special about having you constrained and forced."

"I'm not into pain but I'm not opposed to being constrained if you want to put the cuffs back on me."

"Would you object to me also restraining your feet?"

"If that's what you want."

He gently tied my feet apart with leather strips then he put the cuffs on my wrists while my arms were pushed over my head. Once I was totally at his mercy, he caressed my body from head to toe, spending much time on my breasts. Then, he moved down and moved to my core. He licked me for a few moments and then lifted his head and asked "Would it be okay if I tried that famous 69 position?"

I licked my lips in anticipation and nodded. He turned around and straddled my arms. He slowly lowered his hard cock into my mouth and I eagerly took it. As I licked and sucked, he lowered his head and resumed licking me. Both of us focused on pleasuring each other. 

All of a sudden there was light as both David and Matt entered. Henry looked up and spoke to them in their language. Both of them quickly left. "They can handle breakfast, I am not done with experimenting with you."

He bent his head back down and continued what he'd been doing. I did the same. After a while, he turned around and pushed his hard cock into my pussy. He enjoyed caressing my arms above my head and made love to me slowly. Part of me wished I could wrap my legs around him but that wasn't possible so I just laid back and enjoyed. He took his time, bringing both of us close to the edge and then slowing down and finally, he let me come and followed right after.

After a moment's rest, he untied me and cuddled with me. "I must go see my sons. You stay here and sleep some more. I will send David to see you later."

I couldn't believe he would leave me alone and unguarded but I wasn't about to betray the trust he was showing me. So I nodded, closed my eyes and went back to sleep.