 I walked slowly down the dark basement hallway, slightly creeped out to be there alone, and unsure of exactly what I'd find. After hours of searching the library catalog for sources for my research project, it seemed that virtually everything I was interested in was to be found in 'Special Collections', wherever that was. After a little checking around, it turned out that meant I'd be making my way to the basement and working with a librarian named John. Geez, how big a nerd must he be! Oh well, it was all worth it - this was going to be a killer project once I finished it.

In contrast to the dark, slightly musty nature of the rest of the basement, his office actually turned out to be quite pleasant. "Just a second, I'll be right there," was his greeting from another room as I opened the door and stepped inside. I took a moment to look around. The concrete walls were decorated with historic photographs of the campus and old posters from campus events occurring decades before.

"Thanks for your patience," came the voice from behind me, "how can I help you?"

I turned to see a quite attractive, but oddly dressed man - I guess I was right about the nerd thing. He was about 6'2", with close-cropped brown hair and stubble to match, and striking blue eyes, with a strong handshake and nice smile to match. But he was sporting that look found so often around college campuses: a dress shirt and jacket with jeans and sneakers. And in his case, a pocket protector just added to the image.

"Yes, um, I was hoping to look at these," handing over the list of architectural drawings and historic photographs I was hoping to reference.

"OK, not a problem. It will take a little digging, but I'm sure I can get all of these things for you fairly quickly. So, you are a...?"

Guessing that he was asking a typical question, I jumped in, "Junior. In architecture."

"Great, nice to see you down here - I'm always surprised more of your fellow students aren't interested in seeing things from this collection. Now, let's see, just follow me."

He led me out of the office and back into the dark hallway. We made a few turns, and then stopped in front of a locked door while he searched for the right key on an overburdened chain. "The earliest photographs should be in this room here, one of my many hidey-holes."

I chuckled to myself, surprised at his use of the term. But of course, he couldn't know. I curled a ringlet of my long blonde hair around my finger as he talked, something I often did when I was slightly nervous.

"This material really deserves to be in a space where it can be viewed properly, you know, with tables, chairs, and good lighting? But they just keep bringing me more boxes to store down here, with no new space, no support, and no budget. So my hidey-holes will have to do for now!"

With a few folders and small boxes in our arms, we made our way to a different hallway, to another locked door, undoubtedly another 'hidey-hole'? Yup. This time a chuckle escaped audibly.

"I'm sure all these hidey-holes seem a bit weird to you, but I assure you, it's the best way to keep things safe. Can you believe it - a collection like this one," as he pointed out one of the architectural drawings I'd asked for, "buried in the basement, when it should be on display upstairs!"

"Oh, I'm not laughing at you - in fact, I admire your passion for what you do. It's just your term, hidey-holes, that made me giggle."

"Hmm, why's that?"

"Well, see, my name's Heidi. And, well, never mind." I blushed. What was it about this nerdy librarian I'd just met that made me think I could possibly share the story?

"No, what is it?"

"Well, it's just that people have always teased about my name. My first week on campus as a freshman, it was "Hidey ho!" everywhere I went. I smiled and went about my business, but..."

"Yes?" He took a break from digging out obscure documents to look into my eyes.

"Well, let's just say, I had a bit too much to drink at a frat party that year, some people made some assumptions about what happened when I went into a bedroom with a couple of guys, and, well, 'Heidi ho' took on a new meaning."

"Ah, I see." I couldn't tell by his smirk whether he thought I was a stupid kid, whether he was intrigued, or disgusted, or whether he was just being civil until he could get me out of his precious basement full of hidey-holes.

"Of course, I don't deserve the label. I'm really quite a serious student. Um, not to say that I'm completely innocent, but..." I blushed again. I was in way over my head. Time to shut up.

"I'm sure you are just innocent enough, without taking it too far," he said, winking. I smiled, relieved that one of us, at least, was able to carry on the conversation without becoming a babbling basketcase.

"So, John, how did you get into this kind of work?"

"Well, I've been a librarian ever since finishing my Master's about 15 years ago, and just gradually moved towards special collections because of my interest in history and, frankly, because nobody else wanted to deal with the hassle of this job. But hey, it's more than worth it, let me show you this..."

He had led me into yet another hidey-hole, this one a long, skinny room beneath a stairway above. We had to duck to get through the door, but once inside, it was really quite large, with a table and chairs at one end, and one wall lined with flat-file cabinets. He pulled out a few of the documents, spread them out on the table, and my eyes grew large as I saw what they were. This was the collection of a world-famous architect who had grown up in this little college town, and when he passed away, left all of his papers to the university library. I knew they existed, but it was different to actually see them with my own eyes.

"Wow, this is amazing! Thanks so much for showing me these!"

"No problem, that's my job, sharing what's in my hidey-holes with eager young students like yourself." He playfully elbowed me, poking fun now that he knew my name.

I playfully shoved him in return, and his hand grazed the side of my breast as he threw his hands up, pretending to defend himself against my punches. I was surprised at my reaction - I blushed again, but I wasn't offended, or even embarrassed. I was turned on. I don't know what it was - the intimacy of being in the small, confined space with an attractive older man? The fact that I had opened up enough to share the silly joke with him about my name? The fact that it had been a little too long... well, let's not go there. 

Whatever came over me, I toyed with the idea of testing how far our banter could take us. The first thought that came into my head was way too embarrassing - "Now that you've shown me your hidey-holes, can I show you my Heidi holes?" Come on, I'm sure I can be more subtle than that. Let's see. Hmm... As I thought, pretending to look at the drawings, I could feel his eyes moving over my body, watching my breasts as I leaned over the table, ogling my long legs. 

Pretending to become interested in a small detail on the drawing in front of me, but really to test how far he'd go, I leaned over a bit further, placing my elbows on the table and spreading my legs a bit. He quickly shifted his weight and folded his hands over his crotch, obviously trying to cover up a growing situation. OK, here goes.

"So, I wonder if there are any other Heidi holes we could explore while I'm here?" Yeah. So subtle. But he was cautious. After all, he was on the clock, and I was a student. I could tell he wasn't the sort of guy to take advantage, so I'd have to make my intentions painfully clear.

I stepped closer to him, pushing his hands away and pressing my body into his. I tipped my head up and whispered in his ear, "You could start by nibbling on my earlobe..."

He responded quickly, wrapping his arms around me and lowering down to follow my direction.

"Ooh, yes, that's nice. Once you're done there, I have a few other holes you can explore, I'm sure you know the ones I mean?"

"All of them?"

"Well..." The thought scared me a little bit - after all, I did have one virgin hole. But I was also incredibly turned on, and wasn't about to back out now - after all, I had gotten myself into this situation!

"Yes, all of them."

"It'll be my pleasure, Heidi," he said, before returning to exploring my ear with his tongue. His hands moved all over my body, squeezing my ass, fondling my breasts, as I squirmed at his touch. I wrapped one hand around his back, and used my other hand to rub his cock through his jeans.

I suddenly found myself worrying whether someone might walk in, but more than terrify me, this just turned me on even further. Without waiting for him to ask me, I dropped to my knees in front of him, tugging at his belt, and then his zipper, to free his bulging cock from the confines of his jeans and boxers. It was time to pleasure him with my first hole.

Taking the last few inches of his half-hard cock into my mouth, I began sucking firmly as I cupped his balls with one hand and began jacking off his shaft with the other. Slowly, I began kneading and tickling his balls, and he gradually responded, pushing more and more of his length into my mouth, until finally I could no longer hold onto his shaft. His entire cock was now thrusting deep into my throat with each stroke, and it took all of my concentration to keep up my fondling of his balls while fighting past my gag reflex.

He reached down and grabbed my firm tits, clutching them through the fabric of my blouse and bra, and I could tell he wouldn't last much longer before shooting his load. Keeping one hand on his balls, I dropped my other hand to my chest, quickly unbuttoning my blouse and letting it slip from my shoulders, wanting to give him a better view as he pounded into my throat. As my black lace bra was exposed, dark against my fair skin, he lost control, his cum shooting into my mouth as he groaned in ecstasy.

I held him in my mouth for several moments more, sucking every drop of his cum from his cock, and letting him recover from that first orgasm before offering him another of 'Heidi's holes'. I stood up and began removing the rest of my clothes, putting myself on display for him. First, I tossed aside my blouse and unhooked my bra, freeing my 34C tits. Next, I unzipped my skirt and let it fall to the floor, leaving me in just my panties. Turning away from him, I hooked a finger through the fabric on each hip, and slowly slithered out of them.

He lifted me onto one of the flat-file cabinets, pushed my legs apart, and traced my leg with his tongue, starting at my knee, exploring my inner thigh, and ending up at my pussy lips. For a few minutes, he used only his tongue, flitting between those lips, hinting at nibbles on my clit, before his fingers finally joined in. First, he spread me wide apart and jutted his tongue inside my pussy. Then, his fingers probed my wet hole as his tongue focused more intently on my clit. I squealed and squirmed beneath him, but he kept me in position, his hands firmly on my thighs as he pleasured me.

Now, his fingers began exploring both holes - my waiting pussy and my virgin ass, as he sucked on my clit. The feelings were overpowering. My pussy, which knew the pleasure of being filled with hard cock, longed for him to plunge into me. My tight little ass was reluctant even to accept the tip of his finger, but the pleasure was intriguing. He brought me to my first orgasm this way, sucking my clit while he quickly fingered both holes.

"Do you want more, Heidi?"

"Oh god yeah."

"Then tell me what you want, I want to hear you say it."

"I want you to pound my pussy with your big, hard cock. Then I want you to fuck my virgin ass, force your cock into my virgin hole until you fill me with your cum!"

"I knew it would sound better coming out of your beautiful mouth..."

As he finished his sentence, he lifted me back down to the floor, spun me around, and pressed me against the table. I spread my legs for him and pressed my forearms against the table, preparing for him to enter me from behind. He teased me first, rubbing his cock against my ass, pressing just the tip between my pussy lips, until finally thrusting his entire length into me. His skin slapped against mine as he bottomed out inside of me, and I cried out in pleasure, fuller than I had ever been before.

He held us in this position for what seemed like minutes, reaching around to fondle my tits and play with my clit while his hard cock throbbed inside of me. Slowly, gradually, he began moving in and out, more and more of his length with each stroke. Before long, he was fucking me with abandon, and I encouraged him, moaning with each stroke, crying out in satisfaction as he slapped my ass, asking for it harder, faster.

It was absolute heaven, and yet I knew there was more coming - more pleasure, but also the anticipation of pain. I had asked him to fuck me up the ass, and I knew neither of us would be able to stop from going there at this point. As if reading my mind, knowing that he needed to preserve himself, he slowed and gradually pulled out of me, letting his cock rest on my ass cheeks. 

He probed my pussy with fingers from each hand, wetting them in my juices. One hand came to my mouth, forcing his fingers inside and asking me to lick them clean. His other hand began probing my ass, lubricating me in preparation for something much bigger. Just as I thought I had steeled myself for what was coming next, he changed our position, stepping back away from me and taking my hand to walk across the room. He gathered my discarded clothes, piled them into a makeshift pillow, and encouraged me to lie on my back on the hard floor, my head resting on that pillow.

I grabbed my ankles and pulled my legs back as far as I could, leaving myself completely exposed for his taking. He stroked the tip of his cock several times from my clit to my ass, lubricating it again and simultaneously getting me so hot that I'd forget about my fear of having his huge cock fill my tight little ass.

Looking deep into my eyes, he slowly began to press into me. At first, I fought him, clenching against his huge cock, the pain too much. But gradually, I let go. Gradually, pleasure overtook pain, and he began to move, first just an inch of this length, then two, then three. His fingers gently teased my clit and rubbed my pussy lips as he fucked my ass, relaxing me and heightening my pleasure. After one last moment of excruciating pain, I looked down to see that his entire length was inside of me. Shocked at my ability to take him all in, and with new waves of pleasure wafting over me, I relaxed completely and he was able to begin fucking my ass properly.

I put my hands on my hips and raised my ass into the air, my knees touching the floor on either side of my head. This position gave him even greater access to fuck me forcefully, and I was ready to take the pounding. "God yes, fuck me, fuck my tight little virgin ass!"

"Oh god, yeah, Heidi, your last hole is the best of all. I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum!"

"Oh, yeah," I moaned, fingering my own clit to bring myself to orgasm along with him, "fill my ass with your hot, sticky cum!"

"Oh, yes, that's it - I'm cumming! I'm cummmmming!"

"Yes, yes, yes," I cried out as my juices oozed from my exposed pussy just as he shot his load deep into my ass. As he pulled out of me, his cum dripping out of my ass and mine from my pussy, I collapsed to the floor beneath him, completely exhausted, completely satisfied.

After showing me to his basement restroom to get myself cleaned up before I went back upstairs, he said, "Well, I was pretty proud of my hidey-holes, but I have to admit, yours are better. Come see me again sometime soon?"

"Absolutely!"