 "Ok, Jack. I'll be out in the van," Doug said, patting me on the shoulder. He picked up several sacks, his lock kit, and his mask and was out the door.

I looked back to Jack and said, "Please, Please, PLEASE be careful! I couldn't stand if something happened to you." Tears were starting to glisten in my eyes. I looked back down to my feet. Thugs' wives don't cry. I pushed the tears back. "Are you sure I can't come?" I asked meekly. 

"Hon, we've been through this. It's too dangerous this time. I couldn't bring you… I'd be a nervous wreck. You did a great job on the last heist. You really did. You're becoming a natural! The best safe breaker we've got... but, doll, this is a high security joint. This bank may not be big, but it recently installed a security system that only the government has access to." He took a drag of his cigarette. "If we make this...if we even get a little cash, we'll do good. It'll really establish us, you know? We'll finally get some respect around here." 

I knew he would say all that. They had been planning this heist since after National. And I had been begging to go in with him again this time. We dragged in so much dough from National -- it was a huge bank. But we had so many people with us that time. 

"Remember what I told you about Ralphie,” I cautioned. “He might have tipped them off. He was really fuckin' pissed last time."

My voice quivered. I'm sure he heard it. He pulled me into a hug. "Ralphie deserved getting his shares cut last time. You remember what happened. You know the rules and so does he. He knew it was coming." 

Fuck, did I remember. That dumb, clumsy bastard tripped one of the alarms. We had to high tail it with only a third of what we were planning. We heard the fatties pass our house like bats out of hell just as we pulled into the back drive way. When we got in from ditching the car at Jared's place, about 6 miles from home, Jack was ready to kill him. I restrained him a bit, and just said to cut his shares like he was supposed to and leave it at that. Ralphie was a slimy bastard, but he didn't deserve to die over some heist. We may be common criminals, but at least we try our best not to hurt anybody. 

Doug honked the horn. Jack tightened his embrace around me. "If I'm not back in 2 hours,” he said, “start to worry. But don't drive down there until almost 3 hours are up. If they come up here, you have no idea what I was doing. The money is at Jared's, so you're safe. Ok?" 

I whispered back an affirmative and buried myself in his warm chest. He lifted my head up. I looked up into his dark eyes briefly, but had to look away. I couldn't cry now, I had to be strong. He turned my head towards him again and kissed me. His lips were so soft, they felt like velvet. I kissed him back. Soon, we were kissing passionately. Our tongues and bodies entwined. I pushed him against the wall, and started kissing him with more fervor. He moved and pinned me instead. His hands were all over me, stroking my hair, feeling my breasts, and grabbing my ass. I moaned slightly at his touch. I could feel his hard-on through his black jeans. I stroked it gently. I started to unbutton his jeans to get better access...then Doug honked again. 

Jack groaned. "Just when it was getting good." He looked at the clock. It was almost 11pm. "It's time for me to go beautiful. Remember two hours, worry. Almost three hours, drive down. You're safe. I love you. Be back before you know it!" 

And with that he was out the door. I went back into our bedroom. I was really turned on, but I didn't have the heart to fuck myself while he was gone. I was too worried. I paced my room, I tried to read, I tried to watch TV, but everything failed miserably. Finally I just settled for sitting in my room, watching the clock, and praying for his safe return.

It was almost 1:30am. I was starting to flip a bit. I anxiously turned on the local news station to see if they’d gotten busted. I lit up another cigarette -- I had had at least 12 between now and when he left. His carton was almost gone. He'd be pissed when he got back...if he got back. I waited impatiently for a commercial to end. I was starting to make tracks in our new carpeting, so I finally sat down. 

"Come on asshole! I need the news! Not the Weather!!" I yelled furiously at the television. 

I heard someone coming into the house. I felt my heart stop. This would either be the cops or my husband. I put out the ciggie, and walked slowly into the hall. I kept close to the entrance of our bedroom. My knees were shaking violently. When I heard "Honey!" I ran out to him and sailed into his arms. 

"Oh! You're back! Thank god! It was getting late, and I was really starting to wor-" 

"You always worry, doll," He said cutting me off with a charming smile. 

"So, how did it go?" I asked anxiously. 

"Well, when we got there, there were TWO night guards stalking the fuckin' joint. Someone must have tipped the bastards off. It was probably Ralphie." Ha! So I was right. A smirk played on my lips. "Before you say it, I know, I know, you were right. But I thought I could TRUST the fucker." 

I rolled my eyes, "Jack, you cut at least 3 thousand of his shares last round. What the hell did you expect? It was a big heist last time too. There were a lot of people, so everyone’s cut of the cash was a shitload smaller than usual. Who told Ralphie anyways? I thought we were just going to keep it in the ‘fam’ as you said." 

Jack lit a cigarette. "I don't know, but when I find out, that person is in big shit." I sighed and headed back to the bedroom. 

"Well it was just you and Doug this time. How much did you get?" He continued to puff his fag before he decided to answer me, taking his sweet time as usual, letting the suspense build. 

"$25,000."

I landed on the bed with a thud. "Wow...Not bad. Not as good as a couple weeks ago...but not bad at all. I applaud you, even though you were completely bullheaded about Ralphie." I turned and crawled up the bed, shaking my ass for him a bit. 

"Well, that's to be expected," he said, pulling me closer to him. "That was a much bigger job… Aren't you glad that I'm home safely?" 

I smiled at him, "Of course I am. Can't you tell?" 

I grabbed his hand and trailed it down my body. Slowly, between the valley of my chest, he attempted to touch my breast, but I grabbed his hand firmly away. I wanted to be in control for now. I took off my night shirt, still holding his hand. His eyes flicked up and down my body. I rarely wear underwear when I sleep, and this was no exception. I tenderly slid his hand down my soft stomach. I guided his hand along my sides and to my navel. Finally, I had reached my destination. Moving his hand along my thighs, I pulled him closer to me. I softly kissed the side of his neck, no longer needing to guide him. He slid his hand to my other leg, massaging it gently and stroking it. My nipples came to life and got hard. I pressed lightly against him to make sure he was aware. 

"Can you tell now?" I whispered into his ear.

He moaned lightly and shivered. I smiled evilly. He loved when I whispered sweet nothings to him. His hand was gently rubbing the inside of my thigh. I was starting to get goose bumps and chills from his tender touch. He slowly moved upwards until he reached his destination. 

"Wow… You're so warm,” he whispered to me, pulling me closer and kissing and licking my neck. He gently fingered my slit. I shivered. "And wet. You are very happy to see me,” he teased me, softly probing my pussy. He slid his fingertip gently over my clit and I moaned. I felt my face flush. He was only teasing me, but it felt so good. I loved it when he touched me like this. He slid his finger back down over my clit, slowing down even more when he came to it, and lingering on it. My back curled. He continued to slide it down until he came to the source of my wetness. He pushed only his fingertip in and I tried to push my hips down to accept more of his finger in my depths, but he gently held my stomach. 

"No, No, No...We can't have that, Can we?" 

He pulled out completely, and moved up my body. I groaned. I needed him, and badly. He kissed my mouth softly, and slowly advanced downwards. He kissed my neck, my collarbone, my shoulders, just above my tits. I was getting constant shivers and goose bumps now. My pussy was gushing I was so aroused. I could feel the dampness starting to drip down on to the sheets. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling of his warm mouth appreciating my body. I felt him slowly kiss down to my left nipple. He kissed the perimeter of my silver dollar sized nipple, and soon thereafter took it into his warm mouth and sucked on it slowly. He gradually increased his speed and soon was sucking madly on it. I was starting to pant and involuntarily thrust my hips. He all too soon stopped, and repeated the treatment on my right… and of course, yet again, stopped abruptly. 

"Do you want me to stop teasing you?" 

My eyes popped open. I grabbed his hand and stuck two fingers in my cunt. 

"What the hell do you think?" I growled, moaning as he started to finger fuck me slowly. As much as I was enjoying this, and I was immensely, I had an idea. I slid his fingers out of me and licked them clean. He gasped in surprise. I pushed him gently, signaling for him to lie down. I stripped him of his black tee, and, of course, his jeans. I was pleased to see the tent in his grey boxers. 

"Happy to see me?" I said, smiling at his erection. 

"Oh, more than you know." 

I moved up and kissed him passionately. I moved over and whispered in his ear, "I bet you just can't wait to fuck me again." I moved my hand down to his dick, stroking him. I moaned softly. "You're so hard. I love feeling your dick at full mast. It makes me so wet, baby." 

He started breathing more erratically. I licked his ear, and moved down to his neck. I sucked gently on his neck, breathing heavily. I could feel him breaking into goose bumps and could hear his small moans. I continued to stroke him gently. Not enough to get him off, but definitely enough to keep his attention. I advanced down his body, licking all the right places: his nipples, his sides, his navel. 

Finally, I reached his 8 inch dick. I slid down his boxers slowly. Very slowly. When I finally returned to his prick, he was sweating a bit. I grinned. He tilted his head back and closed his eyes. I licked the head and he jumped. I wrapped my mouth around his dick and slowly sucked down. He moaned loudly and started to hump my mouth. I sucked, moving back up, and paid some attention to his head. 

"God does that feel good," he moaned. 

I responded by deep throating him. He cried out in surprise. He started to full fledge fuck my mouth then. I allowed him to for a little bit, all the while still deep throating his entire cock. When I felt his cock tighten, I stopped. 

He cried out again, "Oh my god, why the fuck did you stop? It felt so amazing. I was about to cum!!" 

I laughed at him. "You think I'm going to let you get away with that?!"

He popped up, grabbed me roughly and pinned me down by my shoulders. I gasped in surprise and felt my face flush again. He knew I was something of a submissive; it really got me hot when I was pinned down and helpless. 

"I'm going to fuck you, bitch. I don't care anymore. I've had enough of these games." 

He positioned himself on me and slammed in. I cried out in lust. He started fucking me hard and fast. I started to moan. "Oh, Jack, I love it when you fuck me like this. I was so worried about you. Thank god you're back... I love you, Jack, I love you."

He laid down on top of me and wrapped his arms around my back. "Ohh, fuck, Lisa...You feel so fucking tight. I could never leave you. I love you too Lisa. You're so fuckin’ beautiful. Especially your pussy." 

He moaned back to me. We were both getting close. I could feel his balls tighten against the bottom of my ass. He was right there. My pussy was clamping his dick more and more. My orgasm practically blinding me, I screamed, "Cum for me!" as he shot his wad into my pussy. Shaking from the intensity of my orgasm I pushed him off of me, his cock never leaving my warm inside. I pinned him down this time and started to ride him. I felt his now flaccid cock spring to life again. He was moaning so much more now, sensitive after such a fast and hard fuck session. But I didn't care. I wanted more. My tits bounced up and down with me as I rode him fast. I could feel it starting to well up inside of me again, so I slowed down. Jack cried out in alarm. He was obviously close again, too. 

"Wh-..Why did you slow down?"

"Because, I wanted you to suffer."

We smiled at each other. He sat up and we kissed while we fucked each other. I could feel my orgasm building up inside my stomach. It was approaching quicker this time with a newfound urgency. I gasped. 

"Jack! I'm going to cum! Oooh, Gooood!!" I yelled. He clamped my sides and I felt his cock squirt another huge load into my soaked pussy. He collapsed on top of me. 

Breathing hard, he said to me, "Don't worry… about me not coming home… especially if I get to come home to that."