 Ted Franklin was a guy who had it all. In high school he was popular with the girls. He was taller than anyone else in his class. He had a dark complexion and raven colored hair. His eyes were as dark as coal. He had a perfect smile with dazzling white teeth. His hair had just enough curl in it so that could be worn in a casual, tossed look. He looked just as good after an hour in the wind as he did when he showed up for school.

Throughout high school he had dated Becky Thatcher. Becky could have easily been a spoiled brat. He father had inherited a small tool and die business and had built it into the largest manufacturing company in Watahoochee County. Becky was cute even before she was beautiful. She was tall, slender, and blonde, and she had developed through the years into a beautiful teenager when she caught Ted's eye. They started dating in the ninth grade.

Ted seemed to have it all. In addition to his natural looks, he also had tremendous athletic ability. In spite of his tall frame, he was quick on his feet, fast, and smart. He also had one of the best throwing arms the coach had ever seen. By his sophomore year, he had played starting quarterback.

At the end of Ted's junior year, all of Watahoochee County was talking state championship the next year. Then tragedy struck. Ted's mother died during the summer. Ted's father owned a small farm and struggled each year just to have enough crop and livestock to pay all the annual debts and get the farm a little closer to being paid off. Without his wife to help, it looked like Ted would have to work on the farm instead of playing football.

Becky's father, Nat Thatcher, rode out to see Ted's father. The next day Ted went to work at the factory, just summer work, a few hours after practice, no work on game days, and half a day on Saturday. The pay was worked out so that Ted's father was able to give Ted some spending money and to hire a worker full time. Football is almost a legend in the South, and no one questioned or even mentioned the unlikely relationship.

The team did indeed win the state championship, and Ted got a full scholarship to the state university. He was to have had the starting position on the university team in his junior year, but a freak knee accident during spring practice ended Ted's career. He came home to find Becky still waiting for him and to find that local pride and Mr. Thatcher's good favor secured him a good paying job.

Ted became the sales representative for Watacoochee Tool and Die, which was now called Thatcher Manufacturing. With Mr. Thatcher's ability to run his company, and with Ted's ability to charm and to sell, the business continued to grow. Somehow, Ted had gotten in with a government bid coordinator, and Thatcher Manufacturing seemed always to have two or three government projects under way, all of which payed extremely well. He and Becky were married within the year.

Becky knew that Ted, while at the university, had enjoyed flings with several girls on campus, and even some of the local girls at the state capital where the university was located. She had waited for Ted, seeing him on every trip home, but during that time he had treated her almost as a pit stop in his busy life. She was sure that things would be different now that they had married.

During the first year, Becky and Ted spent a lot of time together and went on trips together. Becky was the happiest she had ever been. By the end of the first year, however, things began to change. Ted mad more and more trips out of town, saying that he needed to do more selling. Although Becky had gnawing doubts about his truthfulness, she had no proof that he was lying, and the sales continued to soar. Still her frustration grew month by month.

Then Becky's father died, and Becky was devastated. Ted took over the Thatcher business and ran it well, but his time at home was less and less. Becky began to hear rumors about Ted and his out of town trips. Then she began to hear things about him and workers at the company. She noticed that some of her female friends either very obviously changed the topic or else became strangely silent when she came into the room.

Although Becky loved Ted, he always assured her that people spread rumors because of jealousy. And it was true, the company continued to grow, and Ted had decided that Thatcher Manufacturing was no longer prestigious enough and, as CEO, had changed the name to Trident Industries Southeast. It was an easy change. Although the company had gone public, Mr. Thatcher had reserved 60% of the stock so as to maintain both control and the 60% quorum necessary under the company's charter.

After one of Ted's frequent trips, Becky was removing the soiled laundry from Ted's suitcase and found a bra too small to have been hers. She remained silent. Over the next year, she found other incriminating signs of Ted's infidelity. They ranged from lipstick on his shirt and shorts to an occasional bra or panties mixed in with Ted's laundry.

Becky challenged Ted on the various items, but he always presented some excuse that would not have sounded plausible to most women, but Becky wasn't most women. In spite of Ted's philandering, she still loved him and thought that he would eventually be the husband he had promised to be.

Marriage was not what Becky had imagined. They had moved into her father's huge home with all its grandeur and elaborate furnishings. They were members of the country club. Once a year, they went on a fabulous vacation to some exotic location, but except for that one annual vacation, Becky's life had become a nightmare.

On a typical night, Ted would come home, and the maid would serve dinner. Although the dining table would seat twelve, she and Ted sat alone. Ted had not yet decided he wanted children, and Becky was wondering if he ever would. Becky beside him at a table for twelve, Ted would consume his food, talking only when a question was asked. Then he would go watch television while Becky got ready for bed. It didn't matter what Becky wore to try to make herself more appealing, the bedroom routine was the same. 

Ted always came upstairs whenever he was ready. He showered and came to bed nude. Sometimes he would just go to sleep. When he didn't, he would reach over and kiss Becky lightly, usually only once. His breath smelled of scotch, and Becky endured the smell. Then with no further foreplay or tenderness, he would rise up and pull Becky's panties down and raise her legs. If she was not adequately lubricated, he would frequently mutter "You're not getting old and menopausal on me, are you?"

Those words hurt Becky deeply. She was only 28, but Ted's tenderness had faded years ago, and when he did speak, it seemed that he only did so to control. Ted would make a quick and painful insertion, and with the influence of alcohol, took a long time to finish. Becky would close her eyes, forgetting the inflammation that intercourse with Ted often caused her, and she would remember those early years when he was passionate. She would picture Ted as the young man just returned from the university who told her constantly that he loved her.

Then Ted would grunt and roll off of her, going to sleep immediately. Becky had learned long ago not to try to touch him or talk to him afterward. If she did, he would become angry and would go to another bedroom to sleep. She lay in the darkness, feeling the burning of he vagina where Ted had been so rough. Softly, she would exit the bed and go to the bathroom where often she would cry for hours before returning to bed.

Yet, through all this, Becky never stopped loving Ted or believing that he would come around some day. The only sign she ever showed was when she talked to her friend Yvonne. Yvonne was a mirror opposite of Becky. She was shorter and had straight dark hair. Although Becky sported a very attractive figure, Yvonne had undergone surgery for breast enhancement and always showed a lot of cleavage. Her husband, Frank, was an accountant who had eventually opened his own firm. She had been Becky's best friend since high school.

Whenever Becky reached a breaking point, she would call Yvonne, and the two would get together. She would pour out her heart to Yvonne, and Yvonne would console her and assure her that Ted was just going through a phase.

On Ted's 30th birthday, Becky decided to surprise him by dropping by the company office and taking him to lunch. They had a big birthday bash planned at the country club, but Becky wanted some intimate and personal time with the man that she loved.

The office always seemed strange to Becky. Her father had placed his desk where he could look out over the plant and see everything that was going on. Ted had remodeled, and his office was insulated behind two outer offices. Becky walked through the two outer offices to find Ted's secretary away from her desk. Becky had heard rumors about Ted and the secretary, but Ted always managed to convince her that the rumors were unfounded. Since there was no secretary, Becky decided to announce herself.

As Becky entered the office, Ted was seated on the side of his desk. The secretary, Ann, was kneeling on the floor in front of Ted. She was nude from the waist up and had Ted's penis in her mouth. Ted's climax was just starting, and in spite of the interruption, his first spurt went into Ann's mouth. Ann pulled back in shock with her mouth open. Had it not been so hurtful, it would have been comical. Ann's eyes and mouth both opened wide in surprise. As her mouth opened, Ted's second spurt went right into her eye while the first spurt ran out of her mouth and onto her chin. As she bent down to grab her blouse and bra, Ted shot a third spurt into her hair.

Crying and saying softly, "Oh, God, Oh, God," Ann staggered to her feet and ran with her clothes in one hand and her other attempting to cover her breast as they bounced with her quick paces. 

Ted casually picked up his pants that were beside him on the desk and retrieved a handkerchief. He casually wiped his penis of any remaining cum, refolded the handkerchief, and put it back into his pocket. Only then did he get off the desk, step into his shorts, and pull his pants up. His first words to Becky were, "Now, you're not going to get upset over Ann wanting to give me a little birthday present, are you?"

Becky stormed out, more shocked than hurt...at least until the shock wore off. It as weeks before she was able to be around Ted without having to deal with the trauma the scene with Ann had caused. Ted assured Becky that he knew it was inappropriate and that he was letting Ann go.

Becky and Yvonne had numerous crying "girl talks" over that episode, and Yvonne kept assuring Becky that Ted was just doing what any man would do. She told Becky that everyone knew that Ann was just a slut and that she meant nothing to Ted.

It was roughly a year after the incident with Ann that Becky decided to fly to Oklahoma to attend a cousin's graduation. It was near the end of May. Becky booked her flight and loaded up her suitcases. She was going to drive to the state capital, about an hour away, and fly to Oklahoma City. She was leaving on Tuesday and was returning on Thursday.

Halfway to the airport, the radio station broke for news and reported a system of tornados in Oklahoma. Becky picked up her cell phone and called the airline. The flight out of the capital was okay, but Oklahoma City had closed its airport due to the weather. Becky knew that she would be spending the night at the airport, so she turned around and drove back.

An hour after she left, Becky turned into her driveway. She pressed the remote and opened the garage door. She was surprised to see Yvonne's car parked in her space. Becky shut off the motor and walked through the garage into the house. The lights were on in the living room, but no one was there. The kitchen was the same. Suddenly, a deep suspicion flavored with fear swept over Becky. She quietly climbed the stairs to the master bedroom. The hall lights were dark, but the bedroom door was ajar, and there was light.

Quietly, Becky approached to doorway. Had she been able to breathe, she would have gasped loudly enough to have been noticed, but her breath froze within her. There was Ted, lying naked and on his back. Yvonne was straddling him with her pussy atop his penis. Something in Becky clicked, and instead of rushing in, she grabbed her phone and activated the video.

Yvonne slowly raised herself into the air and maneuvered Ted's erect penis into her vagina. Slowly, Yvonne worked up and down, lubricating Ted as she went up and down, going deeper each time until Ted was fully inserted. She reached out her hands toward Ted, and their palms met; then their fingers enfolded. She worked back and forth, not only stimulating Ted but also giving herself a good G-spot massage in the process. 

Ted broke the hand clasping to rub Yvonne's breasts. Becky was thinking, "That bastard! He never does anything with me but the missionary position!" 

The Ted called out, "Come on! You're killing me. Fuck my brains out like you did last time." 

Yvonne laughed and raised herself up until Ted's penis was almost out. Then she thrust back down forcefully. She repeated that action several times. Then she began shouting, "Oh," repeatedly and more forcefully. As she did, the up and down movement stopped, and she began thrusting her hips forward and back in a frenzied move toward orgasm.

Finally, Ted gave out a shout and grabbed Yvonne's hips, pulling her pussy around his penis and making the greatest penetration possible as he came. Becky watched as Yvonne collapsed on the bed she and Ted shared. Ted then rose up and put his mouth on Yvonne's pussy and began to lick her. "The bastard," Becky thought. "He hasn't gone down on me since the honeymoon."

Becky turned away from the door and slipped out of the house as quietly as she had entered. She got into her car and closed the garage door and drove back to the capital. When she got there, she called Ted and said, "Hi honey. My flight's been cancelled, so I'm just going to stay here tonight at the Mariott. I'll do some shopping tomorrow and will be home tomorrow night. Are you okay?"

Ted said, "Yeah, I got a burger downtown, came straight home, and fell asleep in the recliner. I just came upstairs and am going to bed now." Through the phone, Becky heard a commode flush in the background but said nothing.

The next day, Becky bought some items that she wouldn't have been able to find in Watacoochee County. She also had her cell phone video transferred to a jump drive. Then she drove back home. When Ted got home, she told him that she was sick so that he wouldn't come upstairs reeking of scotch and start pulling her panties off. They weren't coming off again, at least not for him.

During the day Friday, Becky made some other preparations, and then welcomed Ted home. They had dinner as usual. Then Becky asked Ted if he ever watched any porn. He lied and said no. She knew it was a lie because she had seen receipts from stores where he had bought DVD's.

Becky said, "Well, I've got one you're going to love. This is going to be a night to remember." Ted could not imagine what was about to happen. Becky had dressed in sexy outfits before, but she had never done anything kinky or even what could be called risqué. She had just been a loving wife who wanted to please her husband.

Ted settled down in front of the TV while Becky switched the electronics to make the TV serve as a monitor. Suddenly, the picture of Yvonne riding Ted's dick flashed on the screen, and the action began.

Ted was speechless momentarily. When he began to try to talk his way out of the evidence, the new Becky lowered the Boom.

"Teddy, boy," she began. She had never called him Teddy, much less Teddy boy. The shock of her words were more chilling that the video which was still playing with the sound muted.

"I've put up with your philandering for years. I've seen you getting a blowjob. But to bring some slut of a bitch into our bed, and that it was my best friend! I don't know how long you two have been screwing behind my back, but it doesn't matter. What matters is that things have changed. Not that they are going to change. They have already changed."

"The 60% stockholders vote that you've had through all these years was only a proxy authority. Daddy left me that 60% of the company, and he left me this house. I've taken all the money out of our checking accounts and savings accounts. I've also cancelled all the credit cards that have both names on them."

"I went today and revoked the proxy authority you've been using all these years with the company. As of now, you have nothing but your job. And if you want to keep that, you will do what I tell you to do. I've planned a dinner party tomorrow night, and you will be here or be fired."

With those words, Becky pulled the copy of the video from the jump drive and handed it to Ted. "Here, enjoy yourself with this. I've got the original and several other copies, so you can have this one. I'm going to bed, and you are welcome to sleep in one of the other guest rooms, on the couch, or at a motel with another of your slut whores."

Ted had never heard Becky use words like that. She had always conducted herself as if she was attending a church social at the First Baptist Church. Becky went upstairs and for the first time since she married, locked the door.

The next night was Saturday. Everyone invited was told to come for dinner but also to bring a swimsuit for a pool party afterward. Becky invited Frank, Yvonne's husband and three men from the company who strongly suspected that Ted had been involved with their wives. She also invited the one person from her high school days who was a serious challenge to Ted's interest in Becky.

Ted was unusually quiet during the dinner. When the dinner was finished, the maid cleared the table and was told to go home and not come in until Monday. Then everyone was asked to go change into their swimsuits but to return to the dining room. They all complied, but Becky came in wearing a silky black gown, diamond earrings, and towering fuck me heels. Everyone stared. Ted was startled.

Becky asked the men to help her move the huge dining table to one side and to put all the chairs along one wall. As they moved the table, Becky went to the folding doors behind where the table would be and opened the folding doors that hid a large screen TV. She then had them push the table completely against the wall and to put the chairs so that they could see the TV clearly. Ted, however, was seated off to the side and sat at the end of the relocated dining table.

Becky began, "I'm going to show you something very private and very personal. You will know the two people in it, and the woman's husband is here tonight, but I had him come early. He knows what you're about to see, and he's okay with it."

"For God's sake, Becky," Ted blurted out.

"Shut up, Ted," Becky replied, standing up to Ted for the first time in her life. "Shut up if you want a job Monday. If you had been concerned about God, you would have kept your zipper closed and your dick out of whores!" She could not believe the surge of power she felt. It was intoxicating.

With that, Becky pressed the remote, and the TV began to play the sex scene with Ted and Yvonne. The men all looked with shock and amazement, first at the screen, then at Frank, whose wife they all knew, then at Ted. Of course, they couldn't avoid looking back at Yvonne's bouncing breasts and firm ass. They were amazed at her prowess, and Becky could see bulges beginning to show in their pants. That was exactly what she wanted.

When the video stopped, Becky announced, "Tonight, I'm going to get my revenge on Ted. But it's not just for what you just saw: my husband and my best friend screwing each other's brains out in my bed. It's for all the times Ted has cheated on me and gotten away with it because I was too timid and too much in love to confront him."
