 Here at last is Part 2. It's been written for ages; although not quite finished; but I became so engrossed in wring other stories I'd sort of forgotten all about it. (I can't believe it's nearly 3 years!)

Whilst you don't have to, you might find reading Part 1 first to be beneficial. It's only 2 pages so it won't take long.

TeamEquipe

*

It was another bright, sunny day and I was sitting in my kitchen savouring a mug of coffee prepared in my brand new cafetiere. I love the smell of freshly ground coffee I think it tastes so much better than instant. 

The house was empty apart from me. My husband Gareth, or Gaz as he likes to be known, was out god knows where. He was supposedly looking for a job but I seriously doubted that was the case. Knowing my husband he was probably in the pub. He'd been out of work for a long time now and it seemed he was quite content to leave it up to me to bring home the bacon. 

I have my own little business, off the records of course. I tend gardens for a few people, cleaning up and shopping for some of them too. Oh and last week I had prostituted myself by allowing a seventy odd year old man named Walter and his disabled son Dave fuck and abuse me.

Did I feel guilty about it? Not really. I suppose I should but it was only sex and they had paid handsomely to get at my body. 

Would I do it again? Well that was the sixty four thousand dollar question wasn't it. I could think of five hundred reasons to do it again because that was the amount of money Dave had given me for getting me to ... 'do him' ... as he so crudely put it.

He'd been nagging at me for months to jack him off. I'd told him I would never do it but he kept on asking and I kept on refusing. I was never offended though.

So why the turn around. What precipitous event or events had led me to this place? 

A number of things really but they all had the same underlying theme. Money or to be more precise the lack of it. Me and Gaz were seriously in debt.

We owed the bank hundreds of pounds in missed mortgage payments and they had started legal proceedings to repossess our home. Then there were the other loans and credit agreements that just seem to add up over the years without you realising. All of these were in arrears too.

Gaz was no help. He'd stuck his head in the sand as per usual. If he couldn't see the problem then there was no problem. But he had no problem spending what little money we did have coming in through the Social, with the main beneficiary being the local pub. He seemed to spend most of his time in there. Social networking he called it. Trying to keep himself out there to see if he could pick up work, any kind of work, barrow jobs and the like.

Social networking ... Bah! Getting pissed was what I called it. What a waste of space my husband has become.

The day that we received the letter from the bank informing us of the pending legal case was the catalyst of my apparent downfall. Dave as usual had pleaded with me to ... 'do him' ... and as usual I had refused. 

As I worked outside in their garden the idea had come to me that maybe it was a viable reason to let Dave have what he wanted. When I found out what he would pay I'd thought why not. What I hadn't expected was the arrival on the scene of his randy old father Walter who without so much as a word of leave shoved his cock up my pussy.

That was a surprise in more ways than one when I realised that not only could the old git still get it up but he was gifted with the most enormous cock I had ever seen, whether it be in real life or porn films.

It was simply fucking huge! He casually said he thought it was maybe thirteen or fourteen inches, he didn't really know. It was bullshit of course but what I can say is that it was truly superb. And he knew how to use it. I came over and over again as he pounded me with an energy and stamina I have yet to see in a man half his age. Even Gaz had never fucked me that hard for that long. It truly was an amazing experience.

My quandary now was it was that day of the week to go back to their house to clean up and tend garden and I wasn't sure what to expect or indeed if I wanted to ... 'do him' ... again.

* * *

Time to go I said to myself as I slid off the stool in the kitchen. I rinsed out my coffee mug and put it on the drainer to dry.

As I walked to the front door I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror. To say I was dressed for gardening and cleaning would be a lie I suppose, although I weakly justified it as clothing that would keep me cooler. It was already a warm day.

The image looking back at me was dressed in an extremely clingy, scoop neck tee shirt which hugged my 36DD breasts tightly together with a short little skirt which showed off my shapely legs and especially my thighs to great effect.

My hair as usual was tied back in a ponytail. I looked pretty good for a woman fast approaching forty.

* * *

As I pulled up outside Dave's home I could see the front room curtain twitch. That would be Walter. He always liked to see me arrive. He seemed to like to watch me struggle out of my car. Well he was in for a treat today I thought. There was no way to exit the car gracefully wearing a skirt this short so he was guaranteed a good look at my thong. Yes I was wearing a thong, not my usual comfortable cotton briefs!

As I mounted the steps the front door crashed open. Walter was stood there waiting to give me my customary 'welcome to our house' grope. His eyes nearly popped out of his head as he looked at my breasts. He seemed amazed to see them so exposed; my tee shirt was quite low cut. He obviously had short term memory loss as it had only been seven days since he'd had them naked in his hands.

"Morning Walter," I said as I breezed past him.

"Yeah, yeah morning love," he replied seemingly in a daze.

It didn't last long as he quickly turned and hurried up behind me and grabbed hold of my ass cheeks. I spun around quickly to free myself from his hands. "How are you today then?" he asked as he looked longingly at my tits.

I put my hand under his chin and lifted his head. "Up here Walter." He looked like a little boy who'd been caught with his hand in the sweet jar. "I'm fine thank you. Have you made coffee yet ... and if not why not?"

"Kettle's on duck, it'll be ready in a minute," he replied as he turned and scurried off into the kitchen.

"I'll be through in a minute then, just after I've seen Dave," I shouted to his retreating back. I turned and knocked on Dave's room door and entered.

"Morning Helen," Dave said. He had a sly grin on his face. "I've been looking forward to you cumming all week." He laughed at his feeble play on words.

I rolled my eyes in mock horror. 

"So are you going to ... 'do me' ... again," he asked.

"My God Dave," I exclaimed, "is that all you think about? You've got a one track mind you have!"

Dave gave me that shit eating grin again. "Yeah, it's pretty much all I think about these days, especially since I saw you naked last week. That was awesome! You've got great tits!"

"Huh, typical man," I snorted, "just typical."

He just gave me that shit eating grin yet again.

I turned to leave. "Right I'll get on. Loads to do before I go, so the sooner I get started the sooner I'll finish." 

"Yeah then the sooner we can get to do it," Dave replied.

"What makes you think I want to do it again Dave?" I said. The look on his face was priceless.

"See you later." I left him to it and went to get my mug of coffee. Walter was nowhere to be seen so I took my mug outside with me and got on with my chores.

* * *

I love gardening and was completely engrossed in what I was doing. I was on my hands and knees and leaning forward quite a distance trying to extricate a particularly stubborn weed that just didn't want to give up it's unwanted place in the border.

I was suddenly aware of a presence and assumed it was Walter bringing me my mid morning brew. He likes to keep me well hydrated.

Well I was right about it being Walter and he had brought me a drink, which he'd placed on the bench. But instead of leaving he came to stand next to me. I could tell it was him from his wheezy breathing. Mind you, who else could it have been?

I was surprised when the next thing I knew he was down on his hands and knees, sort of halfway alongside and behind me at the same time, if that makes any sense.

"Hello Walter," I said turning my head to look at him.

"Alright there Helen?" he croaked in reply.

That was strange I thought. He seems a bit emotional.

"Are you alright Walter?" I asked.

"Fine thanks duck," he replied as he reached over with his hands and planted them firmly on my hips. 

He shuffled back until he was completely behind me. I could feel what I assumed was his bulging cock nestle in between my ass cheeks. It seemed a good fit, almost like it belonged there.

"Walter ... what are you doing?" I asked slowly.

His hands slid under my arms and along my chest until they reached my 36DD's. He took them and squeezed them. I have to admit it felt pretty good.

"Walter ... what do you think you're doing?" I said firmly.

"Nothing duck," he replied.

He continued to fondle my breasts. He was good at it. I could tell because I could feel my nipples responding. They obviously liked it too as they rapidly became rock hard.

"Walter ..." I was really firm with him now. "Walter ... I think you should ... ohhh!"

I gasped in surprise as the randy old codger slipped both hands inside my scoop neck tee shirt, into my bra and casually and easily extricated both of my boobs.

He pulled them out and left them hanging there, suspended in fresh air.

I could feel that the bulge pressing into my ass cheeks was considerably bigger now and his breathing was borderline a cause for concern as he gasped for air.

"Walter, what are you doing ..." I said to him as I attempted to free myself from his embrace.

"Well lass, it's like this. I saw your ass sticking up and your skirt up nearly around your waist and you were showing me your ass cheeks in all their glory and then I saw your tits hanging there just begging for it and I couldn't help myself ..." His voice trailed off.

I realised that whilst he was talking he was still fondling and massaging my tits. My nipples were extremely swollen and erect and I have to say I was feeling somewhat aroused. I could feel a wet patch forming between my thighs and it wasn't sweat.

"Walter ... what am I going to do with you?" I smiled as I shook my head. "You really are a lecherous old bugger aren't you?"

He smiled a toothy smile and squeezed my boobs harder.

"Ooooohhhh ..." I reacted as my eyes closed and my passion broke free. My legs parted and I felt one of Walter's hands leave my breasts and move swiftly in between my thighs. I shuffled my knees apart to give his big old gnarled hand better access.

With one hand he skilfully parted my ass cheeks to expose my pussy to his gaze. He must have thought it worthy of further investigation as his other hand soon joined it, moving my thong out of the way. My tits were less than impressed.

Using both hands he spread my cheeks wide apart. The next thing I felt was his tongue. What the fuck ...

"Oooohhhh ... mmmmm ... ooohh Walter ..." I moaned and wiggled my ass for him. He seemed to like my response as he pushed through my pussy lips and slid his tongue deep inside me.

"Ohhh ... fuck ..." I moaned throwing my head back. I sucked air in between my clenched teeth. "Ohhh ... fuck ... ooohhh ... nooo."

He sucked on my pussy lips and when he put his fingers on my clit I nearly came right there. My body felt like it was in spasm I was thrashing and flailing around so much. 

"Bloody hell, steady on love, I can't concentrate if you keep moving like that," Walter said as he came up for air.

"Ooohhh ... okay ..." I exhaled, glad of the brief respite but wanting him to continue. Not only could he fuck real good he was a dab hand at licking pussy as well.

His tongue went back inside and I welcomed it back by letting out a deep groan. Fuck but it felt great. Walter was clearly enjoying himself judging by the licking and slurping noises I could hear from down below.

I could feel an orgasm starting to build and was amazed I didn't come when Walter stuck one of his thick fingers in me. I still didn't come when he added a second. He was frigging me for all he was worth as he tried to get me to come. All he was doing was making me sore.

He tried hard bless him but my orgasm refused to break.

"Walter ... you're going to have to stop ... I can't take any more," I said, turning my head to look over my shoulder at him.

"Yeah I think you're right love," he replied. "I think we need to look at this in a different way." He winked at me.

I turned back expecting him to get up away from me. Instead I heard the unmistakable sound of a zip being lowered.

I spun my head round. "Oh no, no you don't Walter. I'm not having you put that thing in me again."

I looked into his eyes and he looked straight back. He would see in mine a school teacher's stare. All I could see in his was a cheeky schoolboy.

He smiled and looked down. I followed his gaze. It ended at his crotch. His hand was clasped firmly round his massive cock. I swear that thing was throbbing as he waved it at me.

"Walter ... I said no ..." I said in a severe voice.

He just grinned.

"I mean it ..." I said forcefully.

The bastard just kept on grinning at me. 

"You haven't moved duck, or hadn't you realised."

He had me there. I was still on my hands and knees with my ass high up in the air. Waiting.

"Wal ... ter ... ooohhh." The bastard moved bloody quickly for a seventy odd year old man and before I realised what he was doing he'd impaled me on his monster cock.

He got it quite a long way inside with his initial thrust. I was gob-smacked that my pussy had taken it so easily but then again the old git had been working me over pretty good for the last ten minutes or so.

"Oooohhhh ... fuck ... me ..." was about all I could come up with as Walter pushed more of his thick meat into my stretched pussy. And it wasn't a request, it was a statement!

Walter of course took the former meaning and proceeded to give me a right good old rogering. I of course loved it as my increasingly high pitched squeals and yells would attest to. The neighbours must have been loving it too but I can truthfully tell you that right then I didn't give a monkey's cuss about anybody but me.

The orgasm that he had been unable to give me earlier exploded very quickly as his thick, long cock filled every part of my pussy and by the feel of it other places too.

Walter carried on, obviously determined to put behind him the ignominy of being unable to make me cum with his tongue or fingers. He clearly had no such issues with his cock as he soon had me begging him to fuck me harder as orgasm number two arrived on the scene to a fanfare of blasphemy.

I couldn't understand his concern. Most men I had been with in the past had often had to resort to making me cum with fingers or tongues when they had already blown their load without getting me off too. And that was the ones who actually cared enough about me to make sure I was satisfied. Prior to getting married I'd been with a few men on one night stands who'd only wanted a quick fuck for their own gratification.

I could hear his wheezing getting louder and I was beginning to get a little bit concerned but I needn't have been.

He was just bent lower over on my back as he tried a slightly different approach to getting his cock inside me. I didn't know it at the time but he was only fucking me with part of his long cock. He said it was only ten inches. Who knew! Certainly not me but I doubted it was that much!

It must have worked as I came again due to his renewed efforts.

He started to groan. I was delighted. Gaz never groaned when we had sex or made love or whatever it was that we did. Not that I could speak from recent experience. I just have one hell of a memory that's all.

But as he carried on groaning I started to become slightly concerned.

"Walter, are you okay?" I asked.

"Yeah," he replied in a strangulated voice.

"You sure?" I asked, "because you don't sound it."

"Yeah I'm sure but my knees are fucked. I need to get up off this grass duck. This is doing them no good at all what with my arthritis and rheumatism," he said.

"Well get up then you stupid man," I said.

"I can't," he wailed, "I have to cum first."

"Well cum then, I'm not stopping you." I was starting to get a bit pissed off with him now.

He pounded away for a few more seconds before stopping again.

"Now what," I snapped impatiently.

"I'm going to have to pull out," he said, I can't go on any longer in this position.

He pulled free and gingerly stood upright. It took him a while to iron out the kinks in his legs as he came up in stages. In fact it took him so long I reckon if it had been filmed they'd have had to release it as a multi DVD boxed set! 

He stretched his back holding his hands against his hips."Oh fuck," he groaned.

I stood too and started to push my 36DD's back inside my bra and tee shirt.

"What you doing?" Walter asked.

"I thought we were done," I replied.

"No, no lass, I've got to finish now haven't I. Come over here."

He took hold of my hand and led me up to the bench seat.

"Here you go," he said, "bend over that."

He pushed me forward and over. His large cock was dangling behind me. It looked ugly as I caught sight of it. Luckily I didn't get to see it for long as in a wink of an eye Walter shoved it back inside my pussy.

"Holy fuck Walter," I said, "steady on. In a hurry are we?"

"Aye lass," he said as he looked up into the sky, "I think it's about to rain."

Well he was right about that. As he pummelled my pussy, driving his enormous cock deeper and deeper inside me, I felt the first tell tale drops of rain begin to splatter across the bench.

"Ungh ... you ... ungh ... better hurry ... ungh ... Walter," I groaned as he thrust in and out rapidly, "we're ... ungh ... going to get ... ungh ... wet ..."

I didn't realise he had come until I felt his cock pulsing inside me as he unloaded his sticky white gunk into my pussy again. I was more concerned with the fact it was now pissing it down and I, well we, were pretty wet.

"Are you done?" I twisted round to ask as I felt his cock lose it's rigidity.

"Aye lass," he replied.

"Good." I pushed myself away from the bench and made a dash for the back door. As I crashed through, I turned to see Walter limping towards me. Bless him I thought as I held the door open for him, he looks absolutely knackered.

He made it inside and I closed the door behind him.

We made a sorry sight, both of us were soaked to the skin.

"Best get out of those wet clothes duck," Walter said, "and I'll get them dry for you."

"What will I wear while you do that?" I asked.

"Well you might as well attend to Dave and I'm pretty sure he won't mind if you're naked, now will he," he chortled. "It's not like you need to be dressed for what he wants you to do."

I shot him a dirty look but I suppose he was right. Still it wouldn't hurt to argue the toss with him.

"What makes you think I'm going to do anything with Dave ... huh?" I bristled.

"If you don't there's two things going to happen," Walter replied. "One, Dave's going to be really pissed off with you and two, you won't get any money!"

"Whoa ... whoa ... whoa, wait just a minute," I said holding my hand up, "I've just let you fuck me and I'm pretty sure Dave paid me for that last week, so ..."

"Ah well ..." Walter interrupted, "you see duck, Dave doesn't know I've just fucked you, now does he." His eyes twinkled. "And I'll just deny it if you tell him we did. He won't know because it is impossible for him to hear anything that goes on in the back garden from his room."
