 I stood shivering in the walk-in beer storage, my arms crossed over my breasts, silently willing my chilly nipples to behave. My thin t-shirt was no protection against the cold. 

Beside me Mac was droning on about liquor inspections and inventories. As the owner of the bar where I worked, Mac was technically my boss, but his authority didn't hold as much sway as that of Shaun, the manager. Mac was a nice enough guy, although his advancing age meant he was growing more absentminded every day. I'd always suspected he owned a bar solely because he liked booze a lot; the effects of fifty years of drinking were becoming patently obvious. My changing relationship with Shaun had proven my theories right; I'd seen firsthand that Mac's wouldn't function without Shaun's leadership and organization; Mac himself had become little more than a figurehead.

I grimaced as Mac thrust a clipboard containing the beer inventory list at me. "Since Shaun has decided he's not working overtime anymore," Mac snarled, trying to sound threatening, "we've fallen behind. Beer inventory is your job now. Every bottle has to be accounted for. Got it?"

Nodding, I breathed a heavy sigh of relief as Mac and the ever-present whiskey cloud that surrounded him left the cooler, slamming the door as he did. I'd been working for the man for four years and that was the longest sentence he'd ever uttered to me. 

A month ago I would have complained bitterly about this new chore, but seeing as Shaun's desire to have more time off might have something to do with the fact he and I had been fucking like bunnies at every possible opportunity over the past few weeks, I decided to suck it up and count the beer bottles. The less work Shaun had to do, the more time we could spend together, which was definitely a good thing: a girl can never get too much nookie, especially when the nookie was as good as I'd been getting lately.

Humming softly to myself, I began to tally up each brand of beer; unopened cases were easy to count, but the cases which had been cracked open to fill the beer fridges behind the bar had to have each remaining bottle counted individually. I silently cursed the province's strict liquor licensing laws while my mind slipped into a daze of columns of figures, my numb fingers ticking off each beer.

The heavy thud of the storeroom door closing stirred me from my reverie. Whirling about I expected to see Mac coming to remind me of some other chore. I was pleasantly surprised therefore to see Shaun leaning casually against the wall, grinning broadly. Following his gaze downward I quickly covered my cold-hardened nipples from view; the way they pointed underneath my white t-shirt was practically pornographic.

"Chilly?" Shaun teased, his deep voice dripping with more than sarcasm.

"Oh, ha, ha." I shot back, turning my back to him. "I thought you had today off." I said, standing on tip-toe to count the sixteen bottles in an open case of Heineken. When I'd left my apartment that afternoon Shaun had still been asleep, his toned, naked body sprawled out amongst my rumpled sheets. It had been difficult to leave.

"I do. Actually, I came in to see you."

"Really?" I arched an eyebrow. "Didn't get enough of me last night?"

Shaun laughed. "Well, no. But that's not the only reason why I'm here. I was just downtown at the bank. I had a meeting."

"Mm hm," I hummed, continuing on to the next stack of beer cases, hoping my apprehension wasn't showing. It was obvious Shaun was getting at something, just what the hell was it?

"They're giving me a loan." Shaun sounded pleased with himself. I turned to face him, my curiosity too great to be ignored. He already owned a car, what could he possibly need a loan for?

The silence stretched between us for a moment; Shaun was clearly enjoying having the upper hand. Sighing in exasperation I tossed the clipboard I was holding onto a case of Coors Light. "All right, I'll bite. Why are you getting a bank loan?"

Shaun's answered smile was megawatt bright; it transformed his face from handsome to downright breathtaking. My heart beat frantically in my chest.

"I'm buying Mac's."

I shook my head, trying to clear it; my ponytail whipped against my cheek. I must not have heard properly. "Pardon?"

"Mac has been talking about retirement for a while. I had some money saved up and the bank is going to loan me the rest. I'm going to buy Mac's."

Laughing, I launched myself at Shaun, throwing my arms around him. He chuckled, swinging me about the walk-in cooler until we were both dizzy. "You're fucking serious?" I studied his beautiful hazel eyes, seeing nothing but happiness and pride.

"Yup, the lawyers are drawing up the paperwork as we speak. First of the month Mac's is mine."

"Why didn't you tell me sooner?"

Shaun released me from his embrace, managing to look guilty. "Well, I didn't want to say anything before I knew for sure I could get the rest of the money. Mac wanted to keep it quiet as well; no dissention in the ranks and all that. I wanted to tell you. Shit, I almost did about a million times."

I smiled reassuringly. "This is so great." I kissed him soundly on the lips. "Now I'm really sleeping with the boss!"

Shaun kissed me back for a time; the play of his hot tongue against mine made my knees weak. "The boss wants to give you a promotion." 

"Pardon?" I asked again, my head still spinning from the combination of Shaun's good news and his kisses.

"Well," Shaun grabbed my hips, pulling me firmly against him; he was a tower of warmth in the cool room. "I'm going to be the new Mac and I want you to be the new me."

"Is this because of all the blow jobs?" I asked saucily, curling my arms around Shaun's neck, playing with his hair.

"Well, that certainly didn't hurt." Shaun clutched my chin, gently tilting my face up so he could look me in the eye. "You've been here four years and you're the most qualified for the job; plus I know I can trust you. I need a manager and I can't think of anyone else I'd rather give the job to. The sex is just a bonus."

I giggled. "I'd say." 

"Of course," Shaun ran a hand down to fondle my breast, tweaking my hardened nipple through the thin fabric of my t-shirt, "now I can have you whenever and wherever I want."

"You're not the boss yet," I teased, arching my back, straining on tip-toe to have Shaun touch me harder. Every pass of his hand over my nipple sent shockwaves straight to my pussy.

"I may not be THE boss, but I'm still YOUR boss." Shaun leaned in to kiss a hot trail across my neck. "And if I want to fuck you in the walk-in cooler, I'll fuck you in the walk-in cooler."

I laughed. "Is that why you really came in today? To fuck me in the walk-in cooler?"

Shaun's breath was scalding hot against the chilled skin of my throat. His cold hands crept up under my t-shirt, toying with my nipples through my bra. "Maybe."

"And if I say no?"

Shaun's grip on my breasts roughened; he straightened from my neck and plundered my mouth fiercely. I gasped into the kiss. It never failed to amaze me the quickness with which Shaun could arouse me. 

After a time Shaun broke the kiss to grin down at me. "Are you really going to say no?"

"Cocky bastard," I muttered. "I'm working right now. What if Mac comes back?"

Shaun smiled wickedly, "He knows I'm in here. I don't think he'll bother us. Besides, I'll be quick."

I arched an eyebrow, biting back a sarcastic reply. I was already turned on more than I'd admit; it took all my willpower to step out of Shaun's embrace. His hand slipped from under my shirt, his expression bewildered as I picked up the forgotten clipboard. "I'm sorry Shaun, but I'm working." 

The growl of disappointment was a deep rumble in Shaun's throat. I turned my back to him, resuming my inventory with unsteady hands. Behind me I could feel Shaun staring, the undisguised heat of his gaze burned into me; I tried my damnedest to ignore him. There was a distinct wetness in my panties that betrayed me, but Shaun didn't need to know that. 

I'd fucked Shaun before work and after work, but never while I was supposed to be working, and never when there were other people in the building. The thought that Mac or a waitress could walk in on us held me back; it was frightening and yet such a turn-on. If I looked Shaun in the eye, he would know how I felt; I'd never been able to hide my desire from him. 

I'd tallied up four kinds of beer before I felt Shaun's approach. I didn't need to turn around to know he was standing right behind me; the heat of his body in the cool storage room announced his nearness. 

Wordlessly he ran a finger down the length of my spine; the slight contact burned through my t-shirt. I shivered but said nothing; I didn't trust my mouth to say 'no' when all I really wanted was to say 'yes'. Not having been rebuked, Shaun continued his touching, exploring the curve of my ass and hips. Biting my lip I tried to ignore the rush of feeling which shot instantly to my pussy and continue my work. Undaunted, Shaun kept up his exploration, stepping closer to press himself against my back, his erection an obvious intruder wedged between us.

It was more than difficult to keep my head on straight and count bottles with the heat of Shaun's touch over my body. I could feel my breathing quicken, my heart beat more rapidly; I closed my eyes and prayed for willpower, cursing the weakness of my body and the strength of my desire for him. The part of me that wanted to deny him seemed to be melting away.

I didn't put up much of a struggle when Shaun turned me about to face him and took the clipboard from my trembling hands. The heated desire in his eyes stole the breath from my body. How was it possible that someone wanted me this badly? No man I'd ever been with before made me feel the way Shaun did. Panicking over more than the risk of getting caught, I resorted to humour to ward him off. "It's freezing cold in here, just how are you going to get into my panties?"

The roguish twinkle in his eyes made me laugh; humour was no weapon against Shaun. "The same way I always do. Easily."

I punched Shaun on the shoulder but couldn't hide my grin. He was so cocky sometimes it was unbelievable. How could I say no to those gleaming hazel eyes and downright sexy smirk?

"Come on, admit it," Shaun cajoled, "you want me."

I was weak. Relenting, I ran my hand over Shaun's erection. "You want me." I stated simply.

"Always."

"You're so good for a girl's ego."

"I hope I'm good for the other parts of the girl as well." Shaun ran a possessive hand over my breasts.

"You have no idea."

Shaun chuckled; his deep rumble of laughter thrilled me to my toes. "Actually, I think I do. You don't hide it very well, you know." He bent to kiss my neck again. Damn, the man knew my weaknesses and knew them well. "I bet you're soaking wet right now."

I hesitated for only a moment. I was past caring if Mac walked in on us, past caring if every waitress and patron in the whole damn bar knew what we were about to do. Shaun was right, I wanted him badly and suddenly denying that didn't seem important or necessary. "Want to find out?" I teased breathlessly.

Shaun grinned, reaching to undo the fly of my jeans. "I thought you'd never ask."

I glanced around the walk-in cooler. Stacks of beer cases lined the walls, the floor was rough concrete. Overall, it was not the most ideal place for a rendezvous. "How is this going to work?" I asked shakily.

Shaun slid my jeans to the floor, helping me to step out of them, laughing when my shoes got caught in my pant legs. His breath was hot against my thighs. 

"Trust me." His smile was electric. He admired my satin leopard print panties for a moment before stripping me of those too. The air in the cooler was chilly; goosebumps travelled up my bare legs. Wordlessly Shaun pressed me against the back of the door; the contact of cold door against my bare ass made me squeal and struggle against the solid wall of his chest. Shaun laughed and kissed me, reaching down between us to stroke my wet pussy.

"Fuck," I hissed into his mouth as his cold fingers hit my hot clit, surprised it still felt good. The speed at which Shaun had manoeuvred me into semi-nudity and complete arousal made my head spin. Shaun's pants and boxers had disappeared, his erection formidable between us despite the cold.

I hesitated through the fog of desire Shaun had created, still unsure just how this was supposed to work. Shaun chuckled deeply, lifting me effortlessly in his arms, pressing me hard against the door. "Put your legs around my waist."

"Seriously?"

"Do it." Shaun growled. Recognizing the sinful gleam in his eyes I complied. Over the past few weeks I'd learned to trust Shaun completely; he hadn't disappointed me yet.

The rigid length of his cock pressed intimately against my wetness; with a small grunt and absolutely no preamble, Shaun lifted me higher, thrusting into me in one swift movement. Automatically his hand clamped over my mouth, muffling my scream of pleasure as he filled me.

"I don't know how soundproof it is in here," he moaned, his breath hot in my ear as he began to thrust aggressively. "Can you be quiet?"

I nodded without really thinking of what I had promised and licked Shaun's palm as he removed it from covering my mouth. Years of trying had taught me that I wasn't very good at keeping the noise level down while being compromised, but at the risk of getting caught doing it at work I decided to give it a shot. Surprisingly, the danger heightened my arousal: I could feel the electric build of an orgasm approaching already.

The harsh rhythm of our breathing bounced off the concrete walls of the enclosed space, coupled with the unmistakable sound of skin hitting skin. My fingers dug into Shaun's biceps, his gripped my ass roughly; his pubic bone ground into my clit, the generous length of his cock inside me bumping my g-spot each time he plunged into me. My first orgasm was fast and hit me hard. I bit my lip to keep from crying out. I could taste blood.

"Good girl," Shaun growled in my ear, increasing the power of his thrusts. He bottomed out wonderfully with each drive. "You are so fucking hot right now. You have no idea how amazing you feel around my cock."

The scalding heat of his breath in my ear combined with his confession sent shivers down my spine that had nothing to do with the cold.

"I can't wait," Shaun ground out through clenched teeth.

"Then don't," I groaned, digging my fingernails into his arms, trying desperately to hang on. My second orgasm flitted behind my eyelids. I leaned in to nip Shaun's neck, revelling in his sharp intake of breath. "Come for me Baby," I whispered in his ear.

Shaun kissed me hard; the intensity of his aggression pushed me over the edge again. I wailed into the kiss, my cry of pleasure meeting Shaun's. I could feel the quick jerks of his release hitting my insides, the small contractions of his cock magnified by my own internal waves of pleasure.

Breathing hard, Shaun leaned his sweaty forehead against my own. My legs were wrapped around his waist, my shoes and socks still on. If I hadn't been feeling so wonderful I would have laughed at what a picture we made, two half-dressed adults misbehaving like teenagers in the beer storage.

We remained still for a time, our heartbeats slowing in unison. I could feel the cold creep into my bare bottom, Shaun's iron grip on my ass cheeks was starting to hurt. 

"Damn, Baby." He laughed, easing me gently down to stand unsteadily on the floor, keeping a strong hand on my arm as I swayed uncertainly on my feet. My toes were numb and tingling, and that wasn't from the cold. 

Silently we dressed, touching each other reassuringly at turns, enjoying the afterglow. We'd only had our pants back on for a few minutes before there was a knock on the door. I scooped my messed-up chestnut hair back into a tidy ponytail; Shaun opened the door with a grin. I closed my eyes, praying the walk-in cooler didn't smell of sex.

Mac's face was as red as his hair as he stepped into the room, but he said nothing. Taking a deep, calming breath I handed him the clipboard containing the inventory list. "We're short one bottle of Carlsburg." I smiled sweetly. Shaun chuckled. Mac remained silent. "I think if you check the spillage sheets you'll find it's the one Shaun dropped last weekend." Patting Mac on his stooped shoulder, I swept from the beer cooler, pausing in the doorway to shoot Shaun a saucy wink.

"Cheeky little thing, isn't she?" I heard Mac grumble to Shaun as I waltzed triumphantly down the hallway. 

Shaun's pleasant rumble of laughter followed after me, making me smile. I could hear the satisfaction in his voice. 

"You have no idea."