 It's almost closing time. Aly is so happy the day is almost over for him. He's horny as fuck! So many beautiful women came into Starbucks today. How he desperately wants to talk to them all. It's been a couple of weeks since he had sex. He's in dire need to fuck a sexy woman. Masturbating is good, but it's still not enough. His mind goes to the last time he had his cock sucked.

He was at his best friend's house. They sat in the living room playing video games. His friend's mother came home from work. Aly has always been attracted to her. A beautiful woman with huge tits and blue eyes that sparkles every time she sees him.

"Good evening boys," she greeted when she came into the living room.

They both looked in her direction.

"Good evening ma," Pete said.

Aly stared at her hungrily. He dreamed of being with her since he first met. He used to steal her panties and smelled them while jerking his cock.

"Good evening Ms. Walker. How was work?" he asked.

She smiled.

"Work was decent. Thank you for asking," she said as she stared at her son.

"You need to be more like Aly. He's kind enough to asked me about my day," she told Pete.

Pete rolled his eyes.

"Well anyway, would you boys like something to eat or drink?" she asked.

"No Ms. Walker, we ordered pizza and we finished it about twenty minutes ago. I put the boxes in the recycle bin already," Aly told her.

He knew she would like that. Pete is lazy and leaves a mess all the time. With him cleaning up, gives him brownie points.

"You are so sweet, Aly. Thank you so much. I wish your mannerisms rub off on Pete," she told him.

Pete ignored her. She sighed heavily and rolled her eyes.

"Alright, well you boys have a good night," she said as she headed to the back of the house.

Aly eyes followed her. He stared at the curviness of her body. She wide hips, but her derriere is small. He didn't care. He wished he could hold them while thrusting his hips against hers. He felt himself grow. He shook his head and turned back around to focused on the game.

"You're staying the night, right?" Pete asked.

He stared at him confused for a few seconds. Then he remembered. They were going to a concert in America. They had to get up early to get the plane.

"Of course, I am," he told him.

A devilish grin crept on his face as he thought about sleeping in the bed with Ms. Walker. Later that evening, he waited for Pete to fall asleep. Pete is a heavy sleeper. He can sleep through anything. When he heard snoring, Aly headed to Ms. Walker's bedroom. Wearing only boxers, he walked quietly. He was at her door and was about to knock when the door swung open. They were both startled!

"Aly, what are you doing?" she asked as she clutch her chest.

"I'm sorry Ms. Walker. I didn't mean to scare you. I just wanted to make sure if you were alright," he told her.

"I'm good dear. Excuse me, I have to go use the restroom," she said as she moved past him.

He watched her as she walked toward the bathroom. Only wearing a housecoat, he wondered if she was naked underneath it. After using the restroom, she decided to freshen up. A quick shower. As she waited for the water to get hot, there was a knock on the door. She opened it to see Aly standing there. Her heart begun to race. She cleared her throat.

"May I help you?" she asked.

"May I join you?" he asked.

She grabbed his wrist and pulled him inside. Not wasting anytime, she kneeled in front of him pulling his boxers down to his feet. His cock already hard as it pointed at her face.

"Damn, I knew you're huge," she told him.

She held the base of his cock as she licked her lips making them wet. She wrapped her lips around the head of his cock and sucked on it hard making precum oozed from the tip.

"Fuck!" he whispered.

He grabbed the top of her head and pushed his cock deeper into her mouth. He wanted to feel her throat. As soon as the head of his cock touched her throat, she gagged. The feel of her throat muscle squeezing on the head caused his thighs to quiver slightly. He wanted to continue to go deeper, but he didn't know if this was what she wanted.

"Please, fuck my mouth. I want your cum sliding down my throat," she told him after taking her mouth off his cock.

He stared down at her. He took the back of his hand and touch her cheek. She opened her mouth wide. He pushed his cock deep inside her mouth. Her head against the door. There was nowhere she can go. He moved closer as he pushed his cock back into her mouth. With his hands, back on top of her head, he fucked her mouth like it was her pussy. Her gagging turned him on more. Feeling her throat squeezing on the head heighten his pleasure. They were both moaning. He started speeding up his thrusting. Her head banging against the door.

"Fuck, I'm about to cum," he called out.

She gripped his ass. Her nails dug into the flesh of his ass cheeks. With a few more pumps of his hips, he filled her mouth with his cum. She swallowed every drop and continued sucking him. His body felt weak when he pulled away, but it was worth it.

"Damn, good times," he says to himself.

He looks down and sees his cock straining in his work pants. He checks his phone again. Closing time! He smiles as he makes his way to the front door. As soon as he gets close to it, someone comes in. A woman. A thick ebony woman too. Aly bites his bottom lip as he stares at her. He notices the stress look on her pretty face.

"I'm so sorry, but I'm in a desperate need for a triple shot of Espresso. I know it's time for you to close. I'm extremely sorry for this," she tells him.

Her breathing is at a quicken pace. She's wringing her hands together. There's tears building in her eyes. Aly feels bad for her.

"Ma'am, it's alright. I can make you a triple shot of Espresso, but I must go to the back to get the beans. If you don't mind waiting," he says in a calm voice.

She stares at him and gives him a weak smile.

"I don't mind at all. I really need the coffee," she tells him as she stares at his name tag.

He goes to the door and put the CLOSED sign on it. He locks the door.

"Alright, please go have a seat. I'll make it ASAP," he says.

She smiles again. This time a more welcoming smile as she heads to a chair in the corner. He stares at her body. He seen many big women, but this one, her body is amazingly curvy. Small waist, wide hips and a fat apple shape ass. The way it jiggles in her pants causes his cock to throb. Damn, he thinks. He shakes his head as he heads to the back.

"I really appreciate this. Thank you so much, Aly," she says loudly for him to hear.

He comes to the front of the shop.

"It's not a problem. I'm glad to help. You look rattle. Is everything alright, ma'am?" he asks as he pour the coffee beans into the grinder.

She gets up and walks to the front of the shop.

"My name is Amanda. Ma'am makes me sound old. I am, but still," she says.

"I'm sorry. Amanda is a beautiful name for a beautiful woman," he tells her.

She starts blushing.

"You're sweet. Thank you."

"So, you want to tell me what's wrong?" he asks.

"I don't know where to begin," she says.

"From the beginning," he tells her.

She takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly. She starts telling him her day. By the time she finishes, he passes her a Venti size cup.

"I'm sorry you had a hard day," he tells her.

Something else is becoming hard too. He wants her. A beautiful ebony woman in Starbucks alone with him.

"That's not the worst part," she adds.

He stares at her. Curiosity is getting the best of him.

"Maybe we could have a seat and you could tell me everything. I'm in school studying psychology. I may be able to help," he tells her.

The last statement is a lie, but if he could keep her here long enough, maybe they can fuck.

"If you think it'll help," she says.

They walk over to the leather sofa by the window. Since there's a large table, they sit opposite each other. She places the coffee on the table and pours her heart out while he listens. By the time she finishes, she feels better.

"Thank you for your time. I feel a lot better," she tells him smiling.

He nods.

"I'm glad I could help," he returns her smile.

She grabs her purse and starts looking through it. She pulls out her wallet.

"How much do I owe you?" she asks.

He puts his hand up refusing the money.

"It's on the house. I didn't like seeing you so sad. I'm just glad I was able to help," he tells her.

She shakes her head no as she pulls out two twenties from her wallet.

"After your help tonight, I wouldn't feel right not paying," she tells him as she hands him the money.

He rises from the seat slightly and leans over placing his hands on the table. I wonder if she would turn away or slap me, he thinks. As he gets closer, he feels the heat coming from her face. Then it happens, he kisses her lips. A soft moan escapes her mouth as she kisses him back. A moan fills his mouth when he feels a stud on her tongue. He pulls her tongue in his mouth and suck on it loving the feel of the stud. He pulls back and sits down.

"Oh my," she says breathlessly.

Her body temperature goes up a few notches as her nipples become hard. She stands up and climb onto the table. He stares at her surprise by this movement. She crawls closer to him and kisses him fully. She reaches behind him placing her hands on the backrest of the sofa. With one leg at a time, she moves them off the table and straddles Aly's lap. All of this while still kissing him. Immediately, he grabs her ass. The plumpness of it is more than his hands can hold. He doesn't care. His mind thinks about how delicious it'll look from behind. His cock grows while thinking. She feels the imprint of it. She stops kissing him long enough to talk.

"Have you ever been with an older woman?" she asks.

"Depends on what you mean older? I been with women ten, fifteen and twenty years older than I," he finishes.

She smiles brightly.

"That's great," she says.

She begins unbuttoning his work shirt. With the last button, she pulls the shirt off his shoulders. She notices his tattoos. Her fingers lightly running over each one. Goosebumps rise on his skin.

"You like?" he asks.

"I'm always amaze with the amount of tattoos people put on their body. What does it symbolize? You know stuff like that. I never had a tattoo. I have several piercings," she tells him.

His smile is huge.

"Yeah, I already know of one," he smirks.

Then he stares at her face again. There's a small ring on the left side of her nose. Another one on her right eyebrow. A lot on her ears.

"Where else are you pierce?" he asks.

She smiles and kisses him again.

"You'll see," she answers.

He starts pulling on her top. Lifting it until it's over her head. He caresses her bra seeing her nipples fully erect. His hands go behind her as he searches for the hooks of her bra. Once he finds it, it comes off easily and is now on the floor along with her top. Her breasts sit proudly in his face. He holds them in his hands pushing them together. He lifts and pulls them to his mouth. He licks his lips before putting both nipples in his mouth. Her pussy oozes of wetness as her sensitive nipples are lick, suck and nibble on. She begins unzipping his pants. She slips her hand inside and pulls out his cock. She starts stroking it. His breathing becomes heavy as well as hers.

"Jesus Aly, you're a big boy aren't you?" she asks.

He stares up at her and smiles. He releases her breasts and wraps his arms around her waist. In a tight hug, he switches position. He lies her down on the sofa as he's now on top of her. He kisses her as he plays with her nipples. Tugging and pulling on them using his thumb and forefinger. He gets off the sofa and begins unbuttoning her pants. He leans down and starts kissing on her belly. Warmth spread all over her body. He pulls the pants off. Her shoes come off in the process. Now she's only wearing a pair of thongs. The same color and fabric of her bra; black lace with satin.

"So perfect," he murmurs.

He stares at her body. His eyes slowly moving upward taking in every inch of her curvy body. He takes his pants and boxers off. He steps out of them as well as his shoes. His cock pointing at her. It's hard as steel as it leaks precum. She gasps as she stares at it.

"I hit the jackpot," she whispers.

He smiles as he gets on his knees holding her legs. He places them on his shoulders. He stares at the swollen lips that glistens in the little bit of light in the shop. He notices a small silver circle. He moves the thong to the side and there it is. A loop ring on her clit.

"Damn baby, that's sexy as hell," he whispers.

He inhales her scent. The aroma of soap and her arousal tickles his nose. His mouth begins to water as he can't wait to taste her. He moves his face closer. He takes the flat of his tongue and gives her one long lick. She holds her breasts in her hands squeezing them together as goosebumps rise on her skin. It's been a while since her pussy been eaten, so this is a special treat for her. He presses his face further as his tongue becomes pointy as it slides pass her lips and into her opening. His tongue flicking inside. She lets go of her breasts and hold onto his head. Her fingers balding into fist pulling his hair in the process. Her hips grinding on his tongue as she locks her knees of his shoulders.

"Ohhhhh my God," she calls out.

As soon as his tongue moves up and licks her clit. The coolness of the ring turns him on. She feels her orgasm getting closer. She starts tenses denying her orgasm to take over. He senses her hesitation. He pulls her clit and ring into his mouth sucking on it like hard candy. Her eyes roll back as she moans loudly. She doesn't want to cum yet, but it feels so good. Then he put two fingers inside her while his free hand moves up and holds one of her breasts. Her pussy is soaking wet as it clinches on his fingers firmly. His cock twitches and throbs. Jealously as it wants to be inside her getting the same treatment as his fingers. He watches as she writhers in pleasure. Her back arches and then she tenses again. She releases his hair and moves her hand from his head. He stops and stares at her. She pulls away and sits up. Beads of sweat on her body.

"I have to tell you something," she says.

He stares at her waiting for her to finish.

"I squirt when I cum. I hope that's not a problem for you," she says shamefully.

He places her legs back on his shoulders and pulls her closer.

"Please do. I want to taste it all," he tells her.

She lies back smiling. His tongue slithering all over her pussy as it tastes her wetness. He slides the same two fingers inside her. He curves them pressing on her spot. Her thighs begin to quiver. He pulls her clit and ring into his mouth again and sucks until her body gives in to the orgasm. As she does, she squirts a heavy amount of liquid into his mouth. He slurps and swallows as much as he can. He stands and watches as her body convulses from her orgasm.

He grabs her wrists and makes her sit up. His cock in her face. She kisses the tip before swirling her tongue around the head. She opens her mouth and takes him inch by inch. She loves the taste of him. She sucks him deeper as she relaxes her throat. His cock is thick and long. She might not be able to take him fully, but if the head of his cock is in her throat, that's all that matters. His head falls back as the head of his cock touches her throat. The stud of the ring adding more delicious sensation. He places his hands on her head and moves it up and down on his cock. He hears light tapping sounds. He opens his eyes and sees two people staring at them. A woman and a guy. Their faces press on the glass. Fog from the heat of their breaths staining the glass. He smiles. He moves to the side so the couple could see Amanda's oral skills. With her eyes close, she doesn't realize she's being watch.

"Fuck her," the woman mouths.

The guy nods his head as he rubs his crotch. Aly moans as he feels himself reaching climax. She's doing an amazing job. It's getting too close now. He must stop her before he fills her mouth with his cum. He pulls away. He sits down and pulls her onto his lap. She notices the couple staring at them. She looks at Aly.

"Seriously?" she questions.

"We can stop. Whatever you decide," he assures her.

She stares at him and then the couple. He sucks on her left nipple while his hands run up and down her back. She closes her eyes giving into the pleasure. She lifts her hips as she reaches down holding his cock steady as she slides him inside her. Damn, his cock is big, she thinks as the head of it stretches her open. Her pussy throbs while his cock does the same. They both moan. She wraps her arms around his neck pulling him closer to her. He grabs her ass and hold tight. They stare at the couple. The girl's hand is inside her pants. Clearly, she playing with herself. They guy has his cock through the zipper stroking it.

"Might as well give them a performance," she says smiling.

She plants her feet onto the cushion of the sofa as she's now squatting. Slowly, she bounces on his cock. Her pussy squeezing his cock every time she lifts her hips upwards. Aly holds her ass as he thrusts his hips in the same slowness. Her pussy feel wonderful as it clamps down on him. He holds her tight as he stands up placing her onto the table. He lies her back as he holds her waist and begins fucking her hard. The couple can see his white cock driving in and out of her ebony pussy. He leans down and pulls a nipple into his mouth not missing a beat with his thrusting. He tastes saltiness from it as she sweating profusely. He's sweating himself as it drips down onto her as he continues to fuck her hard and fast. She holds her legs in the air as he grabs her breasts.

"I'm about to cum, baby. Where you want it?" he asks.

"Cum on my tits," she answers.

He turns his face to the couple. He smiles wickedly.

"I'm cumming inside her," he mouths the words to them.

Huge smiles spread across their faces. He stares at Amanda. He takes his thumb and rubs her clit lightly tugging on the ring. She starts bucking her hips. His hard cock feels so good, but his thumb on her clit adds to the wonderful pleasure as it mounts again.

"I'm going to cum soon," he tells her.

She places her hands on his hips as her nails dig into his skin. Her pussy starts to swells as she's about to cum again. He feels it. Her pussy is throbbing uncontrollably as her wetness flows covering his cock and balls.

"I'm cumming," she screams.

He holds her tight as he too begins filling her pussy with his cum. His loud moans and the way his body trembles from his orgasm makes her squirt. Her body bucks wildly as she stares at the couple. The guy cum hits the window. The girl body jerks as her eyes are shut tight. She stares at Aly.

"I wanted you to cum on my tits," she tells him.

He lies on top of her and kisses the middle of her chest.

"I'm sorry, baby. You were feeling so good I couldn't," he says breathing hard.

She runs her fingers through his damp hair. The couple smile, give them thumbs up and leave. Aly stares at Amanda. His cock still inside her.

"So, now what?" he asks smirking.