 I don't know why you're here. I don't know how you got here. To be honest, I really don't care. I didn't know you were coming, or even that you knew where I lived, but whatever. Right now, all I care about is that you're in my house. I'd only gotten home from work an hour ago. I had a really bad day, so to cheer myself up, I'd jumped into the shower. I'd been doing the girl thing for an hour, the herbal shampoo, the shaving from top to toe, exfoliation, the works. I felt somewhat better once I was clean, fresh smelling and smooth. After spending a good 10 minutes massaging cream into my still damp skin, paying particular attention to my slightly swollen breasts, I lay across my bed still in a damp towel, letting my hair mess itself up across the covers. I must've drifted off for a few moments.

I was awoken by your knock on the door. I knew instinctively that it was you by the prickles of arousal that were stirring me. The towel had slipped, but for the sake of decency, and to save myself from the ever-inquisitive neighbours, I grabbed it and wrapped it around myself as I made my way to the door. My head told me that it couldn't be you, but my sexual organs were telling me a different story. My cunt could feel you coming a mile away. Or several if you count conversations we have over the net. So, I open the door, half hoping, half knowing that I would see you there.

You take in the sight of me, damp curls clinging to my naked shoulders, wrapped in a fluffy white towel slipping down my breasts, and grin. You don't offer an explanation, neither of us would be bothered by it, you just push through the door, close it behind you and lock it. It takes about half a second for you to slide the towel off me, pull me hard against you and press your lips to mine. I've never met anyone who does to me with a simple kiss what you do. Not that I'd call your kisses simple. In romance novels they talk about kisses that turn your knees to jelly. I say stuff that, the kisses you give me make my insides feel like melted chocolate – hot, smooth, sexy, naughty, and a whole lot of other stuff that's indescribable. It's like a secret indulgence that I can never deny myself. You know it, you enjoy it, and I'm pretty sure you use it to your full advantage.

So, having turned my insides liquid, I guess it just seems time to set my outside on fire. You lift me up, and my legs instinctively wrap around your waist. In my tiny unit, you only need two steps and we're tumbling onto the bed. Around getting your shirt off, you somehow manage to show full appreciation of the unusual fullness of my breasts. It's almost like they were waiting just for you, and the way you're caressing them is soothing and arousing at the same time. Your tongue flicks around my nipples and you lick and suck them into hard little peaks. One hand strays down over my belly as my hands find the buttons on your waist. Your hand finds the growing dampness between my thighs as mine grasps the smooth hardness of your dick. I'm not sure if the sounds coming from my throat are pleasure at the way you're stroking me or the way you feel in my hand.

Slowly your mouth works it's way down until your head is between my thighs, and for a few minutes you are content to get reacquainted with the taste of me, your hands hold my hips down to the bed, and I lose myself for a time. In a haze, I decide I want your cock in me, and I pull your head out from between my thighs. I pull you up to kiss me again, and taste myself on your lips. This only makes me want you more. I push you over onto your back, and start my own expedition down your body, being as kind to you as you were to me, that being, not at all. Torturously slowly and just the way I know you like it, I work down your body – tongue, nails and hair all helping. I gently drag my nails along the insides of your thighs, up to your balls, and cup them in my hands. The weight of them in my hand feels good, and I gently roll them in my palm. It's funny but sometimes playing with your body like this is my favourite part. I move up to what we probably both consider the best part of you. I don't know if I ever told you this, but I've always thought you have the perfect dick, wether it's in me or in front of me. Right now, I'm admiring the smoothness. I run my tongue up along the underside of it, testing. I run my tongue in a circle around the base, then back up to the head of it. I like teasing you this way. After running my tongue around in circles a few times, I take the whole head in my mouth. I've always liked the way you simply lie back and enjoy me enjoying sucking your cock. Sometimes I think you'd let me do it all day if I didn't eventually want to give it a nice snug warm home.

Which, I decide, I want to do now. I slide my body back up yours, licking here and there. You taste so good tonight it's unbelievable. I lift myself up and position myself over your cock, which is rock hard and standing straight up. You know what's coming, this part of it is so familiar, the long, drawn out lead up to mind blowing pleasure. Slowly I lower myself, teasing even more by rotating my hips as I descend. You let out one of those throaty groans that stirs something primal in me. I take in your full length, then move up again, just as slowly. Again. I close my eyes, enjoying the sensations of slow penetration. You take my first low moans as the signal they usually are, and flip me over onto my back. You push into me, hard, fast, just the way you know I like it. You push into me again and again, hard and unyielding, making me gasp and moan, pushing my legs up to your waist to help you push harder. My nails drive into your back, urging you deeper. You kneel between my thighs, lifting me legs over your shoulders giving you deeper access, and you drive down as far as you can over and over again, making my thighs shake as spasms run through my body. Still not satisfied, you pick me up and flip me over, taking me from behind, your hands on my waist pulling me towards you as I feel the contractions again shivering through me. The feel of my tight pussy contracting on your cock brings you to orgasm and as you come, I feel the warm spurts spreading through me, intensifying my orgasm until we both collapse onto the bed spent, breathing heavily, muscles weak and unable to move.

I suppose at some point in time we manage to crawl up to the pillows and under the soft cotton sheets, as I have vague impressions of soft fabric caressing my skin. I'm awoken by a light shining in my eyes. I try to bury my head under a pillow, only to discover there's none in reach. I can still feel the dampness between my thighs, and I open my eyes to find the annoying source of light. It's my bedside lamp, and it's still dark. I'm lying across my bed naked. The towel has slipped onto the floor. A cool breeze caresses my skin, and I lie with my hand still buried between my thighs, remnants of the dream still flitting through my mind. Great dream. I stretch luxuriously, in an almost feline way, enjoying the feel of my soft, naked skin, and it starts to tingle a little. At first I pay it almost no attention, but the feeling gets more persistent. As I move towards the edge of the bed with the intent of putting on some clothes, I hear a knock on the door. I grin. I don't need to guess who it is. I have no concrete reason to suspect it's you. Somehow, I just know.