 Craig was right, they didn't make it to the morning. Hours after his beautiful friend Ashley had taken his virginity, Craig woke to find her looking up at him, her mouth wrapped around his rock hard cock. Ashley had so many questions to which she needed answers, and having woken to find him semi-erect, she had grown impatient.

How had a routine pity fuck turned into the best sex of her life?

Was is simply a one off, and she was just "super horny?"

If so, then why did he feel so uncomfortable in the missionary position, but so heavenly from behind?

The most prescient question however was "would the 'reverse cowgirl' position have the same effect?" Seeing Craig was awake, she turned her back to him, and nuzzled his curved penis into her greedy pussy. Her question was quickly answered with an emphatic "YES!"

Craig gripped onto her perfect ass, as Ashley ground his dick deep inside her. Craig was able to relax this time and focus on the feeling of Ashley's beautiful pussy. He listened to her breathing, her moans, the sound of naked flesh smacking and rubbing together. He smiled as a wetness entered the soundscape, he was making Ashley wet. It still seemed incomprehensible.

Suddenly without warning Ashley started to cum. Her body shook and her cries grew louder. Craig held onto her ass as her pussy gripped his shaft. Determined to get the most he could out of this unexpected intimacy, he listened to the wonderfully sexy noises Ashley was making, and focused on the sensations. His cock was quickly overwhelmed, and as Ashley's orgasm peaked, Craig came deep inside her, his seed mixing with the steady wetness that flowed from Ashley's honeypot.

**********

Craig slept for a few hours, and woke to an empty bed. The intensely erotic smells from last night had started to turn, so he threw a shirt and pants on, then headed to the kitchen. Ashley was making breakfast and coffee, she had showered and her hair was wet, Craig realised he desperately needed to do the same.

"Mind if I take a quick shower?"

"Go ahead, towels are in the cupboard in the hall."

Craig quickly stripped off again, fired up the shower, and stepped under the warm, relaxing stream. It dawned on him he was in Ashley's shower. Before he'd have got off on the thought of her stripping naked in this small cubicle, but that didn't mean much anymore. Not only had he seen her naked body, he had touched it; he had fucked it.

As he re-emerged from his shower, giving his hair a quick final dry with the towel, Ashley was sat at the kitchen table. There was a plate for him, beans, eggs, bacon, and a mug of coffee.

"Thought you'd need to get your strength back after last night"

Craig laughed, "Thanks, you wouldn't believe."

It was awkward for a few moments, but much like before, Ashley was keen to get to business.

"So, we need to set some ground rules. Clearly last night wasn't a one time thing. I know I'm hot, for years you've probably wanted to fuck me, and you really lucked out with that wonder cock of yours."

Craig didn't say anything, out of embarrassment, and because he had a mouth full of beans.

"Exercising some control is going to be difficult, and I'm guessing like most guys, you'll be ready all day everyday. There's still a lot I can teach you, about going down on a girl, you also need to work on holding on a bit longer. You made me cum, but I could have cum a lot more."

Craig looked sheepish.

"Fuck that came out wrong. Look, we just need to make sure things don't get out of hand. You don't mind if we keep this between us do you?"

Craig nodded in agreement.

"Okay, I say we go a couple of days. I know we could go again right now, but I think some recovery time would do us good. That work for you?"

Craig nodded.

From then on the conversation switched to their normal routine, and sex wasn't mentioned again. When Craig finally left and headed back to his car, it once again began to feel like a dream. For the next two days images of Ashley's perfect body flashed through his mind, and memories of her soft flesh made it hard to concentrate.

Ashley was also struggling to come to terms with the previous evening. She was proud that she had managed not to jump him again, and set their next meeting a full two days away. That didn't stop her from calling an ex, just for one last test. The sex was uninspired, she didn't cum, and it only made the two day wait seem longer.

************

As Craig set off on the journey back to Ashley's house, he tried to remain cool, but he couldn't hide it. He found it so hard to focus he was convinced he'd total his car. He wasn't sure whether the anticipation was good or bad, and when Ashley opened the door his heart skipped a beat. She wore a cute, white summer dress, tasteful, but easily removed. He stood apprehensively at the door, then Ashley grabbed him by the collar, kissed him hard, pulled him inside, and growled "What took you so long?"

The lessons were put on hold momentarily. As they staggered inside Craig reached up her dress, she was soaking wet, and red hot. Ashley fell to her knees at his touch. Like a woman possessed she removed his belt, opened up his jeans, and pulled them to the floor, tugging his boxers with them. Craig's mystical, curved erection sprang forth, bobbing in front of her eyes. Ashley licked her lips, pulled her dress over her head whilst turning her back, got down on her knees, and presented herself. Craig removed his shirt, positioned his swollen member, and entered her with consummate ease.

Tears of joy came to Ashley's eyes as Craig's shaft hit the sweet spot deep within her core. Keeping her balance with her outstretched right arm, her left hand busily worked her clit. Craig was left to his own devices to control the speed. He remembered what she said about his staying power, but with every thrust Ashley's body blissfully caressed his erection, and he knew he was close.

Ashley's first orgasm arrived after only a couple of minutes, her body no match for the two days of longing. Waves of pleasure radiated from her centre, taking her breath away, now she needed both arms to keep her balance, so she hastily suggested that Craig take over the clit stimulation. He had no technique, but it barely mattered, and it gave him something to focus on other than the stimulation of his cock.

Quickly they both clocked that this was something they both needed to work on, so Ashley's left hand returned to her clit, and Craig continued to run his hands over her gorgeously supple ass.

Craig was determined to give her another orgasm, but he could feel the familiar stirrings of an encroaching orgasm, so with reluctance, he pulled out.

"You close?" Ashley enquired.

"I'm sorry, I'm trying, it's just impossible right now!"

Ashley laughed, "Don't worry babe, this is just the start, please I need you inside me!"

Craig slipped his manhood over her wet slit, took a deep breath, then impaled himself within her dripping sex. The suddenness of this action was all Ashley needed, and immediately he made her cum.

Craig tried not to focus on the noises she made, or the intense feeling of her pussy crushing his inexperienced cock. He held on tight, slowed down his thrusts, and bit the inside of his mouth. As Ashley regained her composure, Craig smiled in triumph at making it this far. Unfortunately for him, the damage was done, and as they returned to their normal rhythm, his resilience gave way, and he lost control.

Ashley smiled as she felt his cock begin to flex, then raced him to the edge.

The following few moments were a blur as Ashley hastily chased a third orgasm, and Craig helplessly held back his impatient load. Miraculously Ashley won the race by a nose, giving Craig just enough time to yell...

"Where do I cum?"

And Ashley to reply, "Inside, inside!"

Craig was still valiantly trying to hold back his orgasm as semen began firing from the tip of his engorged member. Two days of liquid lust poured from his shaft, and Ashley felt the full force of his arousal as he sprayed the walls of her pussy. Squealing with glee, she felt his throbbing cock give in to her touch, presenting wave after wave of potent semen to her perfect body.

As Ashley's orgasm subsided, she noticed Craig had stopped ejaculating, but couldn't help but smile as he continued to twitch.

"Shit!" Ashley exclaimed, "I forgot to put towels down, the carpet is soaked."

Craig snapped out of his reverie, and quickly noticed that the spot directly below them was covered in Ashley's secretions.

"Hold on, don't pull out for a second, " Craig wasn't complaining, he was still buzzing from his orgasm, and happily stayed nuzzled in her warm pussy. Ashley grabbed her white dress and placed in underneath them, then as Craig pulled out, a stream of cum followed.

Craig sat back and watched his seed drip from Ashley's heavenly pussy, careful not to spoil the furnishings anymore. Ashley scooped up the dress, held it between her legs and stood up, surveying the damage with her foot.

"That's going to be difficult to explain to the housemates. Let's move this to the bedroom."

Ashley continued to hold the dress between her legs as she headed up the stairs, and into the bathroom. Craig sat naked on her bed, he felt a little awkward sitting there as he heard Ashley pee, then fire up the shower. Craig used wipes to clean the remnants of their cum from his flaccid penis, then he decided to put on boxers and a t-shirt whilst he waited.

"Leaving already?" Ashley joked as she emerged from the bathroom.

"No, I..."

"Then take them off, I just needed to freshen up before the next task."

Craig smiled and did as he was told. Once again he was naked, and his cock was beginning to awaken from it's brief slumber. He began stroking himself back to full hardness when Ashley stopped him.

"Hold on their Craig, this next bit is about making me cum without using that." 

Ashley was pointing at his cock. Craig groaned and reluctantly stopped masturbating.

"Come on, you just dropped a huge load inside me, you can't need to cum again already! Get up here with me."

Ashley lay on her back, her head resting against a pillow. She patted the pillow next to her and Craig did the same.

Ashley looked into his eyes, "Have you ever kissed a girl before."

"No."

"Okay, well I know this is purely about sex, but going down on a girl is more sensual and emotional than fucking. So I'm going to kiss you, just follow my lead."

Ashley leant closer and cupped Craig's cheek. As their lips gently touched, Craig joined in with the kiss. Ashley smiled then opened her mouth and added her tongue to the mix. Craig apprehensively did the same, then as his confidence grew, he put his hand through her gorgeous blonde locks.

As the passion of their embrace escalated, Craig's cock pressed against Ashley's thigh, causing her to break off the kiss. She looked down and giggled.

"I forgot that can happen first time around, silly me!"

Then she noticed the glazed, lusty look in his eyes.

"Hey, don't go turning into some lazy fuck-boy on me already. We'll come to you, right now this is about me!"

Craig attempted to shake himself back from his primitive state, and watched as Ashley scooted back on the bed, and spread her legs, motioning for him to climb between.

"Follow my instructions okay? I need you to start by kissing my neck like we did before. Let your hands explore my body, but stay away from my tits for now."

Craig was happy to oblige, kissing her neck, whilst sliding his hands over her shoulders, to her flat, tight stomach, then her beautiful, fleshy hips.

"That's good, yes," Ashley leant up and kissed him on the lips. "Move to my breasts, remember what we went over before."

Craig nodded and moved down to her chest. He was still amazed by their pertness as he cupped and gently began to tease and play with her right breast. He remembered not to be too forceful, and concentrate on one at a time. After a couple of minutes Ashley asked him to switch sides. Unlike before, Ashley wasn't masturbating or using a vibrator, her hands lay above her head. But she had forced Craig to the side without realising, allowing her legs to rub together.

"Okay, we need to move things along, kiss down my body until you reach my hips, then stop."

Once again Craig did as he was told, as he descended he noticed the change in her breathing, and her quickened pulse. When he reached her midriff, Ashley opened her legs and reached down to spread her vaginal lips. Craig climbed back into position and awaited instruction.

"Take a good look, this is my pussy, not some mystical creature, or a trophy. I use it to pee and fuck. One day it'll be decimated by a baby with a giant head. You'll be familiar with the opening, thats where you've been shoving that magic cock of yours. Just above that is a little hood, that's my clit. They come in different sizes, mine is about average, but I usually need clitoral stimulation to cum. Don't hammer it too soon, I'll tell you when I need it. For now, just explore me with your tongue. A few guys do the alphabet, but lets see how you get on."

Craig's hovered millimetres from her, he could feel the heat emanating from her sex. He was nervous but desperate to succeed, he wanted to make his beautiful friend cum. Slowly he moved forward, presented his tongue, and licked the outer walls of her pussy.

As suggested he spelt out words. He went with "I fucking love your pussy Ashley" over and over, occasionally losing concentration, and making the odd spelling mistake. He was a little too cautious, which was starting to frustrate Ashley, so she told him to go a little harder. That moved things a long bit, but soon Craig's jaw started to ache.

"Okay, I want you to use your fingers... now, and put my clit between your lips. No... teeth, but just suck it, maybe hum a little."

Her speech was starting to break, so Craig new he was getting somewhere. He sunk two fingers inside her with ease, then took the little bud between his lips as she said. Instantly Ashley let out a moan and kicked her left leg.

"Yeah okay, now we're getting somewhere!"

Craig pinched her clit between his lips and moved them back and forth. Ashley was starting to feel it now, which made hanging on pretty difficult. When the rubbing became too complicated, he simply hummed, this just about brought Ashley to the edge.

"Okay, okay... use your fingers, and lick my pussy. I need to... argh!"  Those were Ashley's last instructions, she took over the stimulation of her clit, and Craig buried his face between her legs, grabbing her ass. As her pleasure intensified, Ashley placed her other hand on the back of Craig's head, keeping him in place as she started to cum. Craig struggled to breathe for a moment, her hot, wet flesh surrounding his face. He didn't worry, he knew he nearly had her.

Moments later Ashley went quiet, her body went rigid, then her crotch rhythmically thrust into Craig's face. Mission accomplished, he had made her cum.

Ashley's legs hung in the air, either side of Craig's head. Initially she was silent, focusing on the pleasure, then she let out a cry, her body shuddered, and she moved away from Craig. As she closed her legs and felt her wetness, she flipped onto all fours and demanded "Fuck me, fuck me now!"

Craig was hard and ready. Quickly he was behind her, sinking himself deep into her pussy with ease. Craig met no resistance as he nestled into Ashley's welcoming vagina, her walls so slick he had to slow down or risk slipping out. Once again Ashley was lost in the feeling of his curved cock as it caressed her from the inside. She worried she might be addicted, that she might be unable to stop herself from offering her beautiful, young body to Craig's cock, at a whim, as if it were a God.

Still Craig thrust into her pussy with no great skill, and quickly the magic of his crooked member brought Ashley to the edge of orgasm. She cried out, through both shock and pleasure. Their opening fuck had depleted Craig's stocks, yet his arousal had been fully restored whilst he went down on Ashley, and he also found himself ready to cum. He valiantly tried to hold back, racing her to release, but his efforts were in vain, and with one last thrust Craig buried himself within Ashley's sex.

As Craig started unloading deep within Ashley's pussy, her pleasure became almost unbearable. Craig continued to thrust, trying to help her cum, but the sensations became too much, and still she hadn't climaxed. Craig reached underneath and grazed her clit, and that was all it took. Ashley's eyes rolled back in her head and she came hard, then seconds later, blacked out.

Craig was still ejaculating inside Ashley as her arms completely gave way and she slumped forward. He quickly reached underneath her stomach and held her up. She had passed out, but her body continued to orgasm. Craig felt the tension in her stomach muscles match the rhythmic pulses of her pussy. He held her tight as the last of his orgasm played out, then as he gathered himself, he pulled out and lay Ashley on her side.

Concerned for her wellbeing, but conscious that she was breathing, Craig fetched a glass of water, and stroked her hair as she came round. Ashley was groggy as she awoke, her eyes still rolling around a little.

"Ashley, are you alright?"

She didn't respond, which worried Craig enough for him to grab his phone, and start to dial for an ambulance. He wasn't sure what he was going to say, "please help, I think I've fucked my friend to death!"

Just before he hit send, Ashley came round.

"What the fuck Craig, not cool. You taking pictures of me?"

She was still groggy, but speaking, so Craig put the phone away.

"Ashley, you passed out. You looked messed up."

Ashley laughed like a drunk, then hit him on the shoulder.

"Ah fuck really? I guess we both need to work on our stamina."

Craig laughed, then passed her the glass of water.

"I guess we'll stop there for the night then."

Ashley nodded as she drank. 

They didn't stop there, and before daybreak Ashley had him back inside her, both hurtling towards another huge orgasm.