 [To my Readers: many apologies for this last chapter taking so long. But here it is and I hope you enjoy it! Thank you so much for all the continuing support and feedback; it's made me feel very welcome here at Literotica. I'd love to hear more of your thoughts. I have plenty more ideas for stories and will be posting them as soon as I can. Thanks again and enjoy!]

Now that Shaun owned Mac's, he had rearranged the office to his liking. The ugly, old sofa where we'd first had sex had been relegated to the corner, and the desks, both his and mine, had been pushed together facing each other in the centre of the room. It was an ideal set-up since we shared a computer and phone; plus it meant I could look up and see Shaun's sexy smile any time I wanted.

Being promoted to manager had changed my workload. I spent less time behind the bar until the wee hours of the morning, and more time during the day doing paperwork in the office. Although I missed the daily bartending, I got my fix on busy nights and the occasional weekend. Shaun had hired a few new staff members, mostly guys he knew from the industry who he could trust to do the job well. So far it had been a pretty smooth transition.

I sat at my desk and tallied up the wait staff sales from the night before, trying desperately to get the columns of numbers to add up. Across from me, Shaun was going over the stock lists, making sure we were prepared for the upcoming weekend. The silence was contented and comfortable, just as it had always been between the two of us. We worked together more often now, although Shaun put in much longer hours than I did. He all but lived at the bar, and when he wasn't there he was at my place. I didn't know if he'd been around to his own apartment in weeks. 

Sensing his gaze, I looked up from my paperwork to see Shaun watching me intently.

"Can I help you?" I teased, returning his broad grin.

"No. Just enjoying the view."

I laughed. "Suit yourself, you may have time to dawdle, but I have to get this done." I settled back into the mathematics, my fingers flying over the adding machine. I could feel Shaun's continued stare and tried my hardest to ignore him.

"Who was the first guy you kissed?"

My head shot up; Shaun was smiling, his hazel eyes brightly curious.

"Ryan MacKinnon, why?"

"How old were you. Who was he?"

I chuckled, shaking my head. "What is this? The Spanish Inquisition? Why do you want to know? It was a long time ago."

Shaun shrugged, but his gaze never left my face. "Just curious. I don't know a lot about your past. Humour me?"

I didn't really think the office during working hours was the most appropriate place for this conversation, but Shaun seemed determined. I recognized the look in his eyes.

"It was grade ten, so I guess I would have been fifteen. Ryan was my unwilling science partner. Our teacher decided the most diplomatic way to decide who partnered who was to pair us alphabetically, so Ryan and I were stuck with each other. I didn't like him and he didn't like me."

Shaun raised one dark eyebrow questioningly. "Why not?"

I thought about it for a moment. It seemed like a million years ago. "I guess he didn't like me because I was short and chubby with bad skin and glasses; I was painfully shy back then, and quite the bookworm. Ergo, not the most ideal partner for a fifteen year old boy when there was a gaggle of pretty, flirty blonds in the class."

"And him?"

I laughed. "He was some punk kid who worshipped Kurt Cobain, listened to too much grunge music, smoked pot in the parking lot at lunch, and thought he was cool." I shook my head in disbelief, I hadn't thought about Ryan in years. "The funny thing was he was just as smart as me, but he didn't want to admit it. I heard somewhere that he's an accountant now. But at the time he hated having people think he was smart, so he spent all his time making my life miserable while I did all the work. I hated him."

"But he kissed you?"

"Yeah," I ran my hand through my shoulder-length brown waves. "It was the strangest thing. We had to stay after school to finish some chemistry project. I don't remember now what it was, only that Ryan had ruined our first experiment, and the teacher thought making him stay late with me to complete the project was suitable punishment for his crime. I resented her so much for punishing me too."

"And?"

"And there we were, bent over the Bunsen burner, the teacher had left the room for some reason or another, and Ryan just leaned in and kissed me. I was so shocked you could have knocked me over with a feather."

Shaun laughed but said nothing. The memories rushed back to me.

"I could hardly believe it. I thought he hated me and there he was, kissing me. And it was nice, really nice. Not at all the way I would have thought Ryan would kiss. He was sweet, gentle. Turned my knees to jelly, actually."

"And then?"

"And then we heard the teacher coming back into the room. We finished our experiment in silence and never, ever spoke of what happened. The next term his father was transferred to another job and Ryan moved away. I never saw him again."

Shaun's expression was thoughtful. "That sort of sad."

"Yeah, I guess it is. It's not like we would ever have had any sort of relationship. I still can't believe he kissed me, but it made me feel wanted, pretty. For the first time in my life a guy liked me, even if it was only for a second. That was huge for me."

"And the first guy you slept with?"

"Craig Wilson; the summer between high school and university."

"He was your boyfriend?"

"Yeah. My parents hated him, therein lay the appeal, I suppose. He was a bit of a bad-boy; motorcycle and everything. I don't think he really understood me, or even cared all that much about me. At the time I thought he hung the moon, so I didn't seem to notice."

Shaun smiled, reaching across the desk to touch my hand. "Did you love him?"

"I was eighteen, so yeah, I thought I did."

"Do you regret it?"

"Sometimes." I sighed, feeling all the old resentment bubble to the surface. Just because it was an old mistake, that didn't make it any easier to live with, even years later. "We were in his parents' rec room making out on the couch. I don't know where his parents were, probably out for the night, they did that a lot. Craig had his hand down my pants, and I liked it. I liked when he kissed me and played with my breasts, I even liked going down on him; I'd done that a few times when he asked me. I guess I figured letting him fuck me was the next step in our relationship; I'd even gone on the pill. I wasn't scared and at the time it's what I thought I wanted." 

I paused and Shaun waited quietly.

"Everyone said it would hurt, but it didn't. It felt weird having someone inside of me, but it didn't hurt. Craig wasn't really all that well endowed, but at the time I didn't know that. All I can remember thinking was that it felt strange; not good or bad, just strange, alien almost. He didn't take long, and then we were done. We did it a few more times before I went away to school, but I never could figure out what all the fuss was about. I guess I'd built it up in my head to be this wonderful, amazing thing; and then when it wasn't I was more disappointed than anything.

"And then we both went away to school and that was that." I shrugged. "There were a couple of guys in university; none of whom are worth remembering. Dave, I guess stands out. We had great chemistry, but like Ryan, I didn't really like him all that much. He was the first guy to make me come. That seemed pretty significant at the time. And Steve, for a long time I thought he was 'the one'; smart, artsy, sensitive, terribly good looking."

"But?" Shaun laughed, sensing there was more to the story.

"But he cheated on me."

"I'm sorry," Shaun frowned, looking dangerous and making me glad that Steve wasn't in the room.

"With a guy."

Shaun's mouth dropped open. I laughed. "I guess girls weren't his thing. Apparently everyone knew it but me and him. Joke was on me, I suppose. My parents loved him; I still haven't told them Steve is gay. He's been with same guy ever since. We still talk from time to time."

Shaun shook his head, laughing. "You don't seem to have good luck with men."

"You're telling me." I joined in the laughter. "Peter was the worst of the lot, but you know how he was."

"I never did figure out why you were with him, and why you stayed as long as you did." Shaun smiled encouragingly at me. It was strange to think he'd been watching me have a relationship with another guy for all that time when we'd someday end up together. 

"It seemed easier than breaking up. Having a boyfriend was something I thought I had to do. All my friends were getting married and having babies, buying homes together, all that grown-up stuff. And here I was with a deadbeat boyfriend who loved his Xbox more than me, but at least I wasn't alone. Finally breaking up with him was the second best thing I've ever done."

Shaun cocked an eyebrow. "Second best?"

I smiled, pushing back my chair and crossing around to sit on the edge of his desk. "Yeah, kissing you that night was the best thing."

"Hell, yeah!" Shaun laughed, his voice was husky and his hazel eyes were dark. "So, no regrets?"

I reached out and smoothed down a wayward curl from Shaun's forehead. "Where you're concerned there's only one."

"One?" Shaun looked worried.

"Yeah," I leaned in closer, brushing my lips against his. "That we didn't do this sooner."

Shaun's mouth claimed mine, driving all the air from my lungs. Instantly, desire shot straight to my toes. No other guy had ever been like this. He pulled me closer to sit on his lap, easing me from the desk so I straddled him. His hand crept slowly under my t-shirt, playing with my hardened nipple through my bra, making me moan.

I loved kissing Shaun; I could do it all day. I could feel his erection through the fabric of our pants; its steel length pressed into me, warming me. I knew my own panties would be damp with answered arousal. Making out with Shaun in the office was madness and completely unprofessional; and neither of us cared. The only thing that mattered at that moment was the two of us and the amazing spark we had between us.

The intercom buzzed. Our earth-shattering kiss ended.

"Fuck," Shaun muttered, leaning his forehead briefly against my own; his breathing was ragged. He pressed the green button on the intercom terminal. "What?" He snapped.

Bear, the day bartender answered blithely. "Guinness delivery is here." His voice sounded metallic and hollow over the intercom, even though he was just in the other room. 

"Fine, be right there." Shaun growled, lifting me tenderly off of his lap and helping me stand. He stood too, rearranging himself, trying to hide the bulge in his jeans. I couldn't help but laugh at the predicament. Shaun kissed me again, more briefly this time although not without passion. The heat flickered again between us; Shaun tore himself away with a moan. "I'll be back and we'll finish this," he promised before leaving the room.

I settled myself back down at my desk to resume my forgotten paperwork. I could feel my blood gradually cool. A glance at the clock told me that we'd soon be able to sneak home for a quick 'lunch'; I didn't think I'd be able to get anything accomplished in my distracted state until we did.

Below me I could hear the faint rumble and thud of kegs being delivered to the basement. Shaun was certain to be down there, giving the delivery guy a hand and making sure the order was complete. He'd organize the kegs in the particular way he liked too, before emerging from the basement. 

The meditative click of the adding machine and the long columns of numbers plunged me into a haze of mathematics; half my mind focussed on the task at hand, the other praying everything would add up the first time, so I wouldn't have to struggle through it all again. 

A tentative knock on the open door of the office snapped my attention. I expected to see one of the waitstaff or Bear coming to ask a question, so the little, red-haired lady in the doorway was a bit of a shock.

"Hello." Her smile was wide and friendly, there was something familiar about it.

"Can I help you?" I asked, rising from my chair.

"I'm lookin' for Shaun." There was a faint hint of Irish brogue in her voice. With a shock akin to being hit by lightning, I realized who she was. Shaun's mother. Holy shit.

"H-he's downstairs supervising the beer delivery. Would you like to have a seat?" I gestured towards the beat up old sofa, and hoped fervently she wouldn't guess what Shaun and I normally used it for.

She settled into the sofa's ugly cushions and patted the empty space beside her companionably. I sat, unable to resist the broad grin on her face; it was an echo of Shaun's own, minus the sexy quirk.

"I'm going ta venture a guess and say you must be Shaun's new lady. I'm Margaret O'Brien." She held out one tiny hand; she was incredibly petite, shorter even than me. It seemed impossible such a small woman had given birth to such a large son. Smiling, I introduced myself and shook her hand; Mrs O'Brien refused to let it go, instead she gave my hand a reassuring little pat and held it.

"You're even prettier than I thought you'd be." She smiled, giving my hand a squeeze. Something about her exuded friendliness, I'd always assumed meeting Shaun's mother would be nerve-racking and torturous, mothers usually were. But Mrs O'Brien had an air about her that immediately put a person at ease. "Shaun's told me all about ye."

My breath caught in my throat, and I must have looked panicked because Mrs. O'Brien laughed. "Only good things, Love. Only good things. I've been wantin' to meet ye for a while now, but since that ass of a child of mine is never home to answer the phone, I decided to take matters into me own hands and pop in for a wee visit."

I laughed and blushed at the same time. Mrs. O'Brien gave my hand another pat. 

"I'm not blamin' ye, Love. Personally I'm glad he's finally gotten himself a nice gal with a head on her shoulders. It's about time. I'm not gettin' any younger and I'll be wantin' grandchildren eventually."

Holy shit. I must have blanched because Mrs. O'Brien laughed again.

"For Christ's sake, Mum," Shaun drawled from the doorway where he leaned against the frame, arms crossed over his broad chest. His smile was wide.

"Shaun!" Mrs. O'Brien and I cried together; I'd heard worse language from him over the years, but never thought he'd swear in front of his mother.

"Relax, Sweetheart," Shaun crossed the room to plant a kiss on top of my head before doing the same to his mother. "Who do you think I learned it from?"

Mrs. O'Brien chuckled, swatting Shaun soundly on the arm. He wheeled his desk chair over to the sofa and sank into it with a sigh. His shirtsleeves were rolled up and his hair was a curly mess. It was easy to see he'd been wrangling full kegs; physical activity suited him, I could feel a flutter in my chest as the spark lit between us again with no more than a look. He was so damn sexy.

Mrs O'Brien considered the two of us with warm hazel eyes, the smile on her face growing even more broad. She patted Shaun on the knee. "I like her, Shaun." The way she said his name was beautiful, her faint accent thickened the middle letters, drawing the word out like music.

I shook my head in dazed amazement. I hadn't even said a dozen words to the woman. Shaun's own answered smile was equally as bright as his mother's. "I like her too, Mum. Glad you approve. Would you like a cuppa?"

Mrs O'Brien shook her bright red head, curls bouncing. "Na thank ye. I can see ye two have other things to do. I thought I'd pop by the shops while I was in town. I just wanted to come by and see the place and your wee, pretty lass." She stood swiftly, releasing my hand with another chummy squeeze. "Ye will come 'round for dinner next Sunday, both of ye?" 

I nodded my assent, mentally juggling the work schedule so we could manage it. I already wanted to see more of her.

"Good. I'll dig out all of his naked baby pictures and cook ye a nice, big meal." She leaned over to kiss Shaun on the forehead; seated, he was just barely shorter than her. "I'm proud of ye, Darlin'. I like your place and I like your girl." Her voice dropped to a conspiratorial undertone, but I could still hear every word. "Don't fuck this one up," she whispered to Shaun, and with a cheery wave and a cheeky wink my direction she waltzed from the room, closing the door behind her.

I sat in stunned silence on the sofa. Shaun was laughing as he settled himself beside me. "And that's my Mum."

"She's something else!" I gasped when I could; my mind was spinning.

Shaun's expression was half amused and half concerned. He stroked the length of my cheek before tucking a wayward strand of my hair behind my ear. "You look tired. Why don't you take the rest of the day off?"

"What about the paperwork?" I asked breathlessly as Shaun's finger continued its route across my cheek and over my lips, making them tingle. 

"Fuck the paperwork. It'll be here tomorrow." He leaned in to kiss me softly. "I've been working you too hard."

"What about you? You're here more than me."

Shaun shrugged. "Don't worry about me. Go home and take it easy; I'll get out of here as quickly as I can and come by and we'll finish what we started." His hazel eyes flashed with desire and a little spark I didn't recognize.

"Alright, you're the boss." I smiled, excited about the prospect of some time off. I had been spending a lot of time at the bar, but with Shaun around it didn't seem a hardship. Still, there were a million things I could be doing at home. "I'll see you later then?"

Shaun kissed me again before helping me to my feet. He watched as I collected my purse and jacket and then walked me to the door.

"Are you sure about this?" I asked again, feeling slightly guilty for abandoning him.

Shaun laughed. "Yes!" His touch against the back of my neck was light but sent shivers down my spine. "I like picturing you at home waiting for me." His tone was teasing as his touch heated up.

I snorted derisively. "Hate to disappoint, Babe. But I'm not the domestic type."

"I know, but a guy can fantasize can't he?"

I shook my head, laughing. "Should I be clad in little more than an apron and high heels when you do come home?"

"Hell, yeah!" Shaun whispered against my lips as he kissed me goodbye.

--------------------------------

I hummed to myself as I puttered around my kitchen, emptying the dishwasher and wiping down the stove. I kept trying to tell myself that I was doing the housework, but really I was listening for Shaun's tread on the stairs. It was late and he'd been at the bar all day.

I, on the other hand, had enjoyed a lovely afternoon off on Shaun's orders, filled with all the necessities of living: banking, shopping, laundry, vacuuming, and toilet scrubbing. Generally I wasn't much of a 'Martha Stewart' around the house, but I did enjoy putting things in order, especially when I had someone else to take care of too.

It was Tequila, my cat, who heard Shaun first. His tabby head swung round to stare expectantly at the door; it was the first sign I'd had all day that the fat, lazy feline was still alive. Smiling, I patted his soft head and stared just as expectantly.

Shaun burst in with a hardy laugh, shaking the spring drizzle from his shaggy curls. He kicked off his shoes and threw down his jacket before sweeping me dramatically into his arms and kissing me soundly. He was still laughing when he set me upright, steadying my wobbliness with strong hands on my arms.

"Good day?" I asked dazed, my head swimming.

"Great day!" Shaun grinned broadly and handed me a magazine, the cover of which announced it was the city's summer tourist guide. Summer hadn't started yet, but I guess it pays to be ahead of the game. "This came this afternoon after you left. Page thirty seven."
