 Shaun stood behind the bar, arms crossed; a look of sheer happiness plastered on his handsome face. Mac's was officially under his ownership and the first night had gone brilliantly. The bar was closed and empty now, but earlier had been filled to capacity with customers eager to give Shaun their well-wishes and take advantage of his lowered beer prices.

Sneaking up behind him, I wrapped my arms around my boss' solid chest. "I'm so proud of you." I smiled into the warmth of his shoulder.

Shaun flung an arm around me, pulling me into his embrace. He sighed happily, resting his chin atop my head. "I still can't believe it's all mine."

"You've worked hard to get here. You deserve it. I know you're going to be great." It wasn't just lip-service, I believed wholeheartedly in Shaun's ability to run the bar successfully.

Shaun squeezed me tighter. "Thanks."

"So what's the first order of business now that you own Mac's?"

"I'm not sure," Shaun admitted slowly. "I don't want to change anything too quickly or too drastically. Mac's is Mac's; it's been this way for thirty-five years and I can't risk losing customers. It'll be mostly behind-the-scenes changes at first."

"Like what?"

"I'm going to re-arrange the office tomorrow, what do you think?"

I shrugged. "It's your office, you do what you like. Just don't get rid of the couch." The sofa in the office was the ugliest piece of furniture ever created, and probably was older than Shaun and I put together, but it was comfortable as hell and the place where we had consummated our relationship weeks before; I was pretty attached to the damn thing.

"It's your office now too," Shaun reminded me. He'd promoted me to manager, claiming the move was based on my abilities in the workplace, not the bedroom; I ached to prove him right.

We stood silently for a time, surveying the dark, empty room. I could practically hear the wheels turning in Shaun's head. He had big plans for Mac's and I was excited to be a part of it.

"You know," he murmured after a while, running a large, strong hand down my back to cup my ass; I jumped at the intimate contact but said nothing. "I've had the most terrible urge for weeks." His voice had taken on the sinful, husky quality that usually precluded trouble. 

"And what is that, Darling?" I asked innocently, playing along. I'd learned quickly that Shaun's wicked plans always resulted in the most wonderful things happening to my body.

"I want to see you naked in my bar." Shaun's grin was positively lecherous.

"What? Right now?"

"Yes." His response was a low-pitched growl.

The window shades were drawn, the doors securely locked, and the other employees gone for the night; shrugging good-naturedly I slipped out of my jeans and t-shirt.

Shaun stepped back to watch me, laughing as I revealed a plum coloured, satin, demi-cup bra and matching low-rise panties. 

"You know," he said huskily, watching me through heavily lidded eyes, "I spend a good part of my day wondering what you've got on under those innocent-looking tank tops and jeans of yours. It never fails to disappoint." He ran one solitary finger across the smooth fabric of my bra, chuckling deep in his throat as my nipple hardened instantly. "I always thought you were the girl-next-door type; a basic white cotton underwear sort of girl; you have no idea what it does to me now that I know the truth."

I smiled. I might be a low-maintenance, no make-up, beer-drinking, hockey-loving, ponytail-wearing kind of woman, but I'd always liked pretty underwear and the way they made me feel. For me, knowing that I had something delicate and feminine on under my clothes was a sexy little secret that made me feel unexpectedly naughty. It was nice to have someone to share that secret with.

"Should I take them off?" I asked Shaun, loving the way his gaze slid over me; possessive and hot.

Shaun shook his head. He wrapped his broad hands around my narrow waist and lifted me effortlessly to be seated on the bar. The smooth, dark wood was cool against my almost bare ass.

"Another terrible urge of yours?" I teased. "I think the Health Inspector might have something to say about a naked woman sitting on your bar."

Shaun ran his hands over my breasts, teasing the edge where bra met flesh. "Fuck the Health Inspector. Besides, you're not naked yet; and I think he'll be a lot more disapproving before we're through." Shaun reached up to pull out the elastic holding my ponytail in place, combing his fingers through my hair, allowing the chestnut waves to settle over my shoulders. 

I remained silent as he arranged my body into a position of his liking, all the while watching him through my lowered lashes. The feeling of his strong, warm hands gliding over my body caused my heart rate to soar; I could feel the tingle of anticipation begin between my thighs. Shaun rearranged my body with deliberate care, positioning each of my limbs to his exact liking, so that by the time he was finished I was sprawled across the bar, posed like a woman in a boudoir painting. One arm was stretched across the dark, wooden surface, my head was resting on it; my legs stretched the other direction, feet pointed daintily. My remaining arm was draped across my abdomen, tucked underneath my breasts, palm against the cool wood of the bar.

"What are you doing?" I asked finally, trying not to giggle. The look on Shaun's face was keenly earnest.

"I've been picturing this moment for a long time; I want it to be perfect."

"You're crazy," I laughed. "I feel like an artist's model in some cheesy Life Study class."

Shaun ran one hand up my leg, dipping down into the indent of my waist, skimming the length of my bare arm. He traced the curvature of my shoulder and the fine line of my collarbone with deliberation. "You're a great deal sexier than any artist's model I've ever seen."

I arched an eyebrow but remained unmoving; the heat of his gaze kept me pinned in place. "Oh really? And how many have you seen?"

Shaun shrugged nonchalantly, keeping his eyes on my body. "Quite a few actually, I was a fine art major in university."

"What?" I sat up abruptly, ruining all of Shaun's careful positioning; he scowled and then patiently began to arrange my pliant limbs into a different pose. "I thought you played varsity football." Disbelief rang in my words but I didn't struggle against his sculpting my body into another arrangement he liked. My legs dangled off the bar, my arms were behind me, supporting my weight as my breasts thrust forward. I could feel my hair tickle the back of my neck.

"I did." Shaun reached around behind me to unclasp my bra. His fingers along my spine caused me to shiver. "I had to major in something and art was always easy for me. I could draw a little and I liked it, so that's what I took." He drew my bra off with studied resolve, putting my arms back in their positions as he did so.

"How did I not know this?" I asked incredulously, trying to remain still as Shaun explored my bare breasts. I knew he'd gone to university but had never thought to ask what his major was; he certainly looked more like a football player than an artist. Yet, somehow the revelation didn't really seem out of context. I'd always known Shaun to be a sensitive guy, a little cocky and tough-talking on the outside, but kind and thoughtful underneath. He had a definite, meticulous attention to detail and he certainly saw more goodness and potential in people than I did; perhaps that was an indication of his artistic ability. 

"You're quite the Renaissance Man," I murmured, the touch of Shaun's sure fingers on my breasts driving rational thought from my head. "Athletic, artistic, and attractive? How is it you weren't scooped up long before I came around?"

Shaun played with my nipples, tweaking them with force before smoothing the hurt over with the pads of his fingers. The look on his face was intently serious as he studied my breasts. "I have terrible luck with women." Shaun admitted. "Besides, I've been waiting for you." He leaned in and took a nipple in his mouth. I moaned in appreciation and with one hand clasped his head to me.

"Do you still draw?" I asked breathlessly, gasping as he laved my tight nipple with the rough flat of his tongue; the sensation shot bolts of pleasure straight through me.

Shaun chuckled at my reaction, nodding into the softness of my breast, but said nothing. Understanding the topic should be dropped, I closed my eyes and tilted back my head, wordlessly offering my breasts to the man standing before me. We'd talk about it when Shaun was ready. There were a lot of things we hadn't told each other yet, Shaun always seemed to be a man who preferred to say things with his hands; a man of actions instead of words.

In the meantime his attention became more frantic; reaching up he played roughly with the nipple not being taken care of by his mouth. I could feel the wet evidence of my arousal pool between my legs, reminding me sharply of how desperately I wanted to give Shaun pleasure in return. Generally sex was instigated and orchestrated by Shaun while I followed his lead; I'd been fantasizing about a little shift in power lately and decided to act on it.

I tightened my grip of Shaun's head and pulled him gently from my breast. Leaning in, I kissed him hard, pouring every ounce of desire he'd ever sparked in me into it. I was aggressive, thrusting my tongue into his mouth, battling with his own. I greedily swallowed Shaun's moans of approval.

"Clothes off. Now." I commanded when I finally released him. We were both breathing hard. Shaun's gaze was glassy, his expression slightly bewildered yet curious. Wordlessly, he complied.

I watched in frank, undisguised admiration as Shaun's body was revealed in the dim light of the dark bar. His shoulders were broad, his biceps and pecs well developed, his abs a pleasing ripple of strength. The impressive width of his upper body tapered to slim hips and long muscled legs. His erection was a generous eight inches, more than enough to keep me happy. I allowed my gaze to lazily take it all in; gaining a great deal of pleasure in subjecting him to the blunt appreciation he usually treated me to. Silently I thanked whatever powers-might-be that he was mine.

Grinning lustily, I beckoned him closer with the crook of one finger; Shaun obeyed, moving to stand between my spread knees. Being seated on the bar put me at a height with him. I ran my hands possessively across the chiselled planes of his chest, basking in their hard heat. Shaun's breathing quickened but he remained silent and passive beneath my touch. 

Hungrily I continued my exploration, my hands traveling the path of his broad shoulders and thick arms. I ran my fingers down to trace the elegant length of Shaun's own digits before skimming back up to his neck. Shaun shivered but said nothing as I softly explored his face, absorbing through my fingertips the rough stubble of his jaw, the lean lines of his features, the plump rosiness of his lips. 

Selfishly, I leaned in to take a kiss, winding my hands around his neck and into his brown curls. Shaun kissed me back frantically but allowed me to set the pace; following my lead as I teased and coaxed; wringing sweet little noises from us both. I teasingly alternated between light, feathery kisses and determined, insistent plundering; Shaun's erection was rock hard between us.

"Get on the bar," I gasped, ending the kiss. Shaun cocked an eyebrow questioningly but said nothing. He moved aside a stack of cocktail napkins, a bowl of peanuts, and a salt shaker before gracefully climbing fully nude onto the highly polished surface of his bar. He sat silently beside me, waiting for me to make the next move. My heart beat frantically in my chest and my breath came in short, ragged bursts. 

"Lie down," I commanded, watching intently as Shaun stretched along the length of the bar; his shoulders were wider than the wooden surface, his erection jutted primitively towards the ceiling. Grinning, I stripped off my damp panties and climbed on top of him; Shaun's eyes were wide as the length of his cock nestled against my wet pussy, but he said nothing.

I knew I wasn't doing a very good job of hiding my frank desire. It still blew my mind that with Shaun I didn't have to. Other boyfriends had made me feel a little guilty for enjoying sex as much as I did, as if it were unladylike to be so wet and moan so loudly; Shaun seemed to feed off of my unbridled response. I was constantly amazed how freeing being with him was.

I planted my hands on Shaun's shoulders, pinning him down as I ran a string of kisses along the length of his neck, pausing to run my tongue around the perimeter of his ear. Shaun moaned, making sounds of pleasure deep in his chest; the vibrations rippled against my breasts.

I ground my pussy against Shaun's hard-on, rising up so the satiny tip pressed against my clit. I continued the friction for a while, enjoying the slick slide of my aroused body against his. Shaun remained motionless and silent, but his hazel eyes spoke volumes.

Smiling sweetly I sat up further, running my hands over the firm roundness of my breasts. Slowly I caressed the soft undersides, making a show of it before teasing the hardened tips. Shaun watched the progression wide-eyed, moaning when I resumed grinding against his erection.

I could feel my own pleasure building. I had intended to seduce Shaun slowly, taking my time before fucking him on his own bar, but could suddenly think of nothing I wanted more at that moment than him deep within me. Shifting my weight I raised myself up on my knees and without faltering, slid myself down onto his thick cock.

We both groaned loudly at the sudden contact and satisfying heat; I greedily took his entire length without hesitation, loving how completely full he made me feel. Shaun clasped my hips with his strong hands but made no move to direct me.

I leaned in to kiss him and Shaun devoured my mouth with enthusiasm. I began the slow grind of my hips, each movement shooting directly to my clit. I love being on top and the control it gives me; being able to coordinate each downward thrust with blissful greed, taking what I want, exactly the way I want it. 

As if by magic I could feel the first orgasm forming already; I stopped and took a few deep breaths, ignoring Shaun's knowing chuckle. We resumed kissing and the gyration of my hips at the same time, both of us gasping through the kiss at the power of the feeling such a simple movement can give.

Languidly, I rose up so I sat upright again, the weight of my body driving Shaun that much deeper. With a cry of abandon, I began a more aggressive drive, forgetting in my desire that I was fucking Shaun on top of the bar so hard my knees would be bruised in the morning. All I could think of was how good it felt, how much I liked being on top of Shaun, using his body to take both our pleasures.

I was past caring that the noises I was making were far from ladylike, past caring what Shaun might think of my determined gallop towards the proverbial finish line. Selfishly I planned the first orgasm for me, and once that was achieved, I'd worry about his.

Shaun silently obliged as I rode him to the tumbling edge of my orgasm; his grip tightened on my hips as I threw back my head and howled, the frantic build up cresting in one glorious burst of light and feeling.

I slowed myself to a stop, below me Shaun watched me intently, the smallest hint of smile on his lips.

"Sorry," I gasped, feeling the delightful spasms of my muscles subside around the thickness of Shaun's cock. "Couldn't help myself."

Shaun patted my hip reassuringly before gripping me tightly and guiding me back into rhythm. "Never apologize for that, and don't fucking stop," he growled. Once I'd taken control of our tempo again, Shaun reached up to play with my breasts, weighing them in his hands, teasing my nipples until I cried out.

A movement out of the corner of my eye made me turn my head; reflected in the large mirror over the bar was my flushed face, capped with a mane of wild brown hair. My skin was so pale it looked almost luminous, Shaun's large, tanned hands a thrilling contrast against my breasts. I barely recognized myself. Laughing and aroused, I threw all my effort into my movements. Shaun's breathing quickened, his attention to my breasts grew more frantic; his cock was a steely length inside of me, splitting me open, filling me more than I ever thought possible. Even after weeks of him, the feeling of his cock buried so deep within me surprised me; I still couldn't believe I could take it all.

Shaun filled my senses: the sound of his ragged gasps and deep-pitched moans, the smell of his body and our mingled desire floated around me, the sight of his incredible body sprawled beneath me on the dark wood of the bar, and the feeling of him so deeply inside me, so overwhelmingly right. Then the realization hit me as hard as any orgasm: I loved him.

Exultant, I doubled my efforts, wanting to give to Shaun a little of the pleasure I'd already tasted. I leaned over him, tilting my hips at a sharper angle, feeling him hit new places deep inside me. I threaded my fingers in Shaun's hair, my lips a scant distance from his own, our breath intermingling. Shawn's eyes were hazel pools of lust; I could see my own desire reflected back. He was mumbling incoherently, my name a litany of hot air against my own lips. I rode him hard, the rough grip of his hands on my ass driving me higher. Crying out I came again, my muscles clenching powerfully around Shaun's cock. His own orgasm ripped violently through him; my spasms answered by his own. I could feel every tremor down to my toes. Gasping I laid my head in the crook of his neck, the suddenly silent air of the darkened bar cooling my sweat covered body.

I love you, I thought wordlessly; afraid to say the words aloud, unsure of how Shaun felt in return. There was something there between us, had been for a long time; but was it love? My heartbeat was erratic, Shaun's own just as quick against my chest. I lay on top of him as the languor of my orgasm diminished, afraid to raise my head, scared of what I might or might not see reflected back in Shaun's eyes.

We were silent for so long I wasn't sure Shaun was still awake until he stirred, brushing my hair back gently. "Did you just fuck me on the bar?" He asked, laughing. The deep chuckle was contagious. Gone in an instant was the awkward trepidation of moments before, replaced by the safety of the flirtation we'd engaged in for so long.

"Hell, yeah," I teased, flexing my internal muscles around his softening cock, liking the way it felt when he twitched in return. I could feel our combined wetness pooling between us. I straightened up, looking down into the handsome face I knew so well; Shaun stared back with frank appreciation. I eased myself off of him, needing to move my legs; my knees screamed in protest. Clambering down from the bar I passed Shaun his clothing, putting mine back on quickly in the dark. Shaun sat up on the bar but remained unmoving, watching as I put myself back together.

"What?" I asked finally, feeling he had something to say, terrified I might not want to hear it.

"Have I ever told you how amazing you are?"

I laughed, shaking my head. I cracked open a beer fridge and grabbed two cold bottles of Moosehead, opened them both with a snap, and passed one to Shaun. "Not lately, why?"

"Well, it's safe to say I can cross that fantasy off the list."

"The getting fucked on the bar fantasy?" I took a swig of my beer; it slid down cold and refreshing. I shrugged my shoulders, laughing. "Every bartender has it."

It was Shaun's turn to laugh. He raised his bottle of beer in a silent toast before taking a healthy quaff. He slid off the bar with his characteristic graceful agility, pulling on boxers and his t-shirt as his feet hit the ground. He took the beer bottle from my hand, placing it beside his own on the bar. He reached for my hips, pulling me against him, enclosing me in the warmth of his arms. "Have I ever told you how amazing you are?" His question was a whispered breeze against my hair.
