 Knocking on the door, anxious and very excited. Not long at all and the door is opened. In the flash of a second I cannot help but notice how incredible you look from your head down to your toes.

I notice your eyes first. They are absolutely wanton. Lustful. Your high heels, black skirt and low cut blouse. I want to eat you up.

All that in a flash!

As soon as the door is open I enter the hotel room. Quickly and with absolute purpose pushing my body directly into yours. My hands grabbing your shoulders as our bodies melt together. I guide you urgently up against the wall. My lips have found yours and I almost don't realize that our momentum has been abruptly stopped by the wall. My body crushes into you.

Our tongues search urgently. Your wet lips are unbelievably soft.

My hands quickly grab your breasts through your blouse. Not gentle but urgent lustful manipulations. I feel your hard nipples immediately. I smile to myself knowing you want this as bad as I do.

I've wanted to do this from the moment I knew we'd be meeting.

No pretense. Lust, instinct and urgent passion take over.

Kissing you quickly, my hands almost crushing your breasts. Makes my hard-on pulse to feel your chest rise and fall with every desperate breath. I wonder if you can feel me crushing into your leg as we kiss.

This doesn't last long. Everything is so urgent. My hands trail down the sides of your body. Grabbing your ass. Pulling you into me. I want you to feel how hard you make me. Your hand somehow finds a path between us and your palm certainly feels my excitement. The warmth and touch of your hand make me even harder. Is that even possible?

My fingers dig in to your backside. I love grabbing you hard. I begin quickly working your skirt up. Ahhhhh yes, I run my hands over your panties and let my warm hands pull you in even closer.

Breaking the kiss, to look into your eyes. Our breathing is in sync. Panting at each other. I quickly separate a bit and my hand dips into the front of your panties. You spread your legs to allow me access. In a very quick move I feel how absolutely drenched you are. 

How long have you been like this? Were you touching yourself while you showered and dressed for me? How long has it been since you last came? I wonder in a split second. I am lost in how wet you are. My fingers quickly stroke you.

Without hesitating, I grab the fabric and rip them completely off your body. A moan escapes your lips as you feel the cold air reach your wetness. No pretense to this. Feels like its been 15 minutes but all this from know to rip probably 40 seconds. 

I slam your body back into the wall. My wet fingers reach around to grab the back of your neck. Our lips meet again. My hard cock now pressing against you. Pushing into you. The front of my pants become wet.

I love the feel of your tongue. The way we kiss. It's so incredibly sexy. My breath is floating across your cheek. My hand pulls you into me.

With your skirt around your waist and your chest crushed against me I feel your hands grab at my belt. Pulling urgently. 

I stop kissing you and pull away to make it easier for you. My hand is still around your neck, the other grabbing at your blouse and ripping it open. Buttons fly everywhere.

Then you open the buttons on my jeans, one after another. Your eyes never leaving mine. One hand slips into my boxers to grab me. The other reaches around to push everything down. It's all so hot!

My cock finally free and feeling your warm hand stroke me 2 or three times. I'm so hard.

In perfect harmony you jump and i push into you. Your legs wrapped around me with your back against the wall. My aching cock slips between your thighs. My hands grab your ass to support you.

You arch your back reach between us to help guide me. I know how wet you are. Your body, your breathing tell me you want me. I want you so bad it hurts.

Without pretense or ceremony my rock hard cock slips deep into your pussy. We moan together at exactly the same moment. Pushing you into the wall. Our lips meet.

In a matter of moments I'm pumping in and out of you with long, urgent strokes. Getting as deep inside you as I can. I bury my head into your shoulder and fuck you hard. Your arms hold me tight. I feel your hair. Feel your bare skin. I lick what I think is your collarbone.

I'm lost in you. Our bodies are like one as I piston in and out of you. Somehow it seems you are climbing up the wall after each stroke and then slamming down onto me again and again.

You've come off the wall a few times and then i slam you back. Almost losing your breath. It's so urgent, so raw. Fucking you hard. 

Your moans are loud, uncontrolled. Your hands are grabbing at my skin. I feel your nails digging into me. I continue to fuck you recklessly. You are so wet and tight around my aching cock.

I am licking your skin. I simply cannot get enough. I wish I had four hands!

My hands cup your ass for support. Pulling at your crack to give me even more access. Like that is even necessary. Your legs are wrapped around me but spread wide open.

I love fucking you hard. Getting as deep as fast as I can, every stroke.

I'm slamming you even harder now into and up the wall with every thrust. You hold on for dear life. I'm grunting and you are moaning. I'm so lost you may have cum. May still be cumming. I don't really care. I'm just fucking you. HARD!

Not sure that I can last any longer. Has it been 2 minutes or an hour? Completely lost in having you. Taking you. Fucking you. Luckily this position makes me last longer.

I love having you ride my cock while I slam you into the wall. Our bodies mesh as one. Your pussy wrapped around my cock.

Hardly even possible buy my pace quickens. Getting close to cumming. Trying to reach even further inside you. I want to split you in half I'm fucking you so hard. Your moans have turned to whimpers. You are exhaling on each stroke. 

Nothing going through my mind but fucking you as hard as I can. I cannot believe how tight your legs are around me. Your arms also grasp me tight. I want you to cum. I want to cum.

Faster still, I am lost in how warm you are. My cock is so deep in side you. I am speechless, but our bodies are doing all the talking. I'm grunting while I pound you against the wall. My legs are tense, My arms holding you tight as I breath hard onto your skin. Our sweat mixes together as you completely impale yourself onto me. Letting me take you but fucking me back hard.

The intensity is absolutely amazing. Your breath shortens and you explode. This time, I'm certain you're cumming. Cumming on me. You are cumming and screaming something incoherent. If I cared, I would wonder if anyone could hear us. If they did, they'd be jealous.

I'm so close to cumming. I enjoy the seconds of you cumming before I join you. My body tenses. I slam you hard into the wall as I explode deep inside you. My cock erupts and is unbelievably sensitive. A momentary brief pause and then pump into you again. Your body, my body... one as we cum together. I'm filling you with my cum. Your body is shaking and writhing above me. I cannot believe how hot this is. All I want to do is pump into you as hard as I can for, forever. I finally finish but my body keeps pumping into you. Our juices mix together around my cock. Your body is heaving your breathing so hard. I pause and cannot believe I'm still standing.

We kiss again with me still inside you. Your lips are so inviting. Your tongue swirls around mine. I feel the desire and energy on the tip of your tongue. I am smiling inside, knowing I just fucked my fantasy girl. My cock still leaking into you i'm sure. Your body smashed against the wall.

Your own orgasm slowly fades. as you kiss me back. 

What an incredible hello!