 Hello?

It had been a very hard, difficult day at work. The traffic coming home was even worse than usual. When I arrived home, I also found a note waiting for me on the coffee table. I'd forgotten that Julie, my wife had a late afternoon appointment herself, showing a home that she had a potential buyer for. Which meant, either warmed up left overs, or TV dinners again.

"Shit!" I stated. It had not been a good day. When the phone began ringing, the last thing I wanted was to listen to some salesperson trying to talk me into another credit card, a dream vacation, or becoming a member of the book of the month club or something. I'd nearly decided to let it keep ringing without answering had it not been for the fact I was waiting for an important call myself regarding the contracts I'd been negotiating.

"Hello?"

"Hey baby! Am glad I caught you. You just getting home?"

"Yeah, long day," I told her loosening my tie sitting down on the couch. "How's it going for you?"

"Oh you know, Sherri was a real bitch at work again today, which reminds me, she's throwing one of those adult toy parties tonight and wants me to come. But after the way she acted to day, I'm not sure I'm really in the mood to go."

"Sherri?" I thought. "Toy parties?" And suddenly it dawned on me, I wasn't talking to my wife Julie. "Ah listen..." I began, not sure how to tell this sexy sounding woman on the other end of the line that I wasn't the person she thought I was.

"So you think I should go then? I'm not sure I'm even comfortable enough to go. I won't know anyone else there, and sitting around looking at or touching those...those, well you know,"

"Vibrators," I found myself saying.

"Yeah, those, I mean...well you know I've never even used one. I know we talked about it, but I've always told you that you please me enough that I don't really think I need anything else."

OK, it had been a bad day all the way around, and I was in a bit of a shitty mood. Which is why perhaps I decided to string this out a little longer, see where it might lead, and if nothing else, giving me something to chuckle over afterwards.

"Speaking of pleasing..." I eased into the conversation. "Do you like the way I please you? Is there something I do that you really, really enjoy when I do it? Or something I haven't done that you wish I would do?" 

I not only loosened my tie further, I took it off unbuttoning my shirt, settling back into the couch. I figured that any moment now she'd realize I wasn't the guy she thought she was talking to, and hang up. But until then, I thought I'd run with this, see just how far I could take it before she'd realized her mistake. I knew I was taking a big gamble here, but hell...why not? It was the first time I had smiled all day. There was a brief pause. I thought for sure she'd figured it out and was about to hang up. 

"What do you mean?" she finally breathed into the phone.

"You know what I mean," I bluffed, hoping she'd give me something to work with here. She actually giggled.

"Boy you're in a mood aren't you?" she said with an obvious smile in her tone of voice. "You sure you can't come over tonight instead of tomorrow night?" she asked suggestively.

"I wish I could honey..." wondering if I had laid that on a little too thick. Maybe 'he' whoever he was, never called her that. But I covered it up as quickly as I could before she had time to think about it. "You know I'd love to, more than anything...I just can't. But I really am looking forward to seeing you tomorrow."

"Yeah, me too," she sighed. "It's been so long as it is."

"Too long," I added.

She sighed over the phone again. "Were you serious about what you just said?" she asked me.

"Ah yeah...I was. Really." I answered back, now wondering what I had gotten myself into here. But enjoying every moment of it. I even felt my cock beginning to stiffen, which surprised me after the day I'd had. But trying to imagine what this woman looked like on the other end of the line had me fantasizing about all kinds of things.

This time she giggled. And it was the same kind of giggle I'd heard my own wife make whenever she was aroused. Maybe it was the same way with this strange woman I was talking too. "Well, what I'd really like is for you to make love to me from behind," she said in a much softer voice, sounding almost as though timid, shy in her actually having said that.

"You mean doggy-style?" I blurted without realizing I had. To my relief however, she giggled again, though this time even louder.

"Are you getting as horny as I am?" she asked.

"Uh huh," I said honestly, because now, I really was. The bulge in my pants had now grown into a full-blown erection, and I surprised myself by unzipping my fly, releasing it, which I now began fondling while we talked.

"Are you surprised I asked you that?"

"No...not really, why?"

"Well, because we've never done it that way yet, and I was beginning to think that maybe it was because you didn't like it that way or something."

"Shit!" I thought to myself. I honestly didn't want to blow this; I was frankly having too much fun here, becoming more and more aroused by the moment. "Oh I do honey," I said feeling better about calling her that as she'd responded ok to it the last time. "In fact, I'm imagining you on the bed on your hands and knees right now," I ventured.

"Really? You are? 

"Ah huh."

There was another brief pause. "You really are horny aren't you? I don't think I've ever heard you quite like this before," she told me.

"Well like you said, it's been a while," I stated, hoping that she'd accept that by way of explanation.

"Are you..."

"Am I what?" I asked, not at all sure what she was asking me.

"Are you, touching yourself?" I could hear the subtle change in her breath when she asked me that.

"Yes," I admitted, actually doing so, but wondering if by my admitting to it, how she'd react.

"Really? You are?"

"Ah huh," I said again, trying to keep it as simple as possible. She giggled yet again.

"Me too, I've been thinking about you all day, especially after Sherri mentioned the toy party to me."

"So, you're playing with yourself now too?" I pressed, hoping against hope that I wouldn't sound too out of character here.

"Well, I actually wasn't until you admitted to me you were. But now, I am," she confessed.

"What are you doing?" I said lamely, "Tell me specifically what it is you're doing," I said with an obvious huskiness to my voice, stroking my cock, feeling the first droplet of precum oozing out the tip as I spoke to this unseen, unknowing woman on the other end of the line.

"You serious?"

"Very, tell me."

"You're making me very horny you know. This is so unlike you," she added alarming me somewhat.

"I'm just full of surprises," I told her.

"I'm beginning to see that in you," she said grinning over the phone.

"So? What is it you're doing now then?" I pressed again.

"Well actually, like I said, I wasn't doing anything really, until now. But you remember that blue dress I tried on? The one you said made my boobs look bigger than the pink one?"

"Yes," I lied.

"Well I'm wearing that one now in fact, and I pulled the top down and started fingering my nipples," she told me breathlessly.

"Are they nice and hard?"

"Very. Are you?"

"Very!" I responded back, trying to imagine what her tits really looked like.

"I bet you are. Are you really playing with yourself? Or are you just saying that?" she said teasingly.

"Trust me, I really am," I assured her. "I'm sitting here on the couch jacking my cock up and down as we speak."

"Oh God Brad you're making me really horny. I can't believe your actually doing that. You sure you can't come over this evening instead?"

I didn't answer that. "Are you touching your pussy for me?"

"Hmm, yes. I am."

"Good, keep doing it. Now tell me, what do you wish I was doing to you right now?"

"I wish you were here, sucking on my hard pink nipples," she began.

Now at least I knew her nipples were pink. "And I wish I was there sucking on them for you too," I urged her in continuing. 

"And I wish I was licking and sucking your cock," she groaned excitedly.

"I wish I was licking you too." And found myself wishing that I really were by the way she sounded over the phone.

"Especially now huh?" she giggled again. "You really enjoy doing that ever since I shaved my pussy don't you?"

"More than you know," I offered now knowing she had pink nipples and a shaven pussy. "Now don't you wish you had one of those vibrators?" I stated wickedly, enjoying this.

"Well, admittedly, it might come in handy right about now," she laughed. "You really think I should get one then?"

"Yes, and even better, what I'd like is to come over, see you on the bed, kneeling, waiting for me to come and fuck you doggy-style, and see you fucking yourself with the vibrator."

Ok, I'd pulled out all the stops on this one. If I'd gone too far, I should know it in a second or so.

"Really? You'd like that? You'd like to see me...watch me fucking myself with the toy when you come over tomorrow?"

"Shit yes!" I said imagining it in my mind.

"Wow, well...ok. If you'd really like that," she told me.

"Oh baby, I would. I really, really would!"

"God you've made me incredibly horny," she stated again. "That party might be a hell of a lot of fun after all," she amended wickedly. "Maybe I can find something we'll both enjoy using."

"I'd like that."

"You still jacking off?"

"Yes, you still fingering yourself?"

"Hmm, yes," she said dreamily. "Cum soon?"

I glanced at my watch. Julie could be coming home anytime now. "As soon as you do," I told her. "I want to hear you cum over the phone. When you do, I know that I will."

"Oh God Brad, the thought of that..." she said breathing even harder. "I can almost see the cream shooting from the tip of your cock baby."

"Yes, shooting all over your face," I added.

"You'd like that?" she asked. 

"Well yes, but only if you liked me doing it," I worriedly told her.

"You really are full of surprises aren't you?" she snickered. "Obviously, there's a lot I still don't know about you."

"You can say that again," I thought. "Baby, I want to do everything with you. I want to make you feel good in every way imaginable. I want to fulfill every single fantasy that you have. I want to pleasure you in every way you've ever thought or dreamed possible."

I quit talking, fearful I had said too much, but talking to her in this way, sitting here on the couch stroking my cock so pleasurably with the possibility of Julie walking in the door any moment now only adding to the excitement I was experiencing.

"Oh God!" she moaned. "Oh Brad, Brad...and I want to do the same things for you too baby. In fact, I promise...when you come over tomorrow, I'm going to be on the bed just as you asked. I'm going to purchase something deliciously naughty, in fact, maybe more than just one toy. Something we can have fun using on one another tomorrow night. But when you see me, I'm going to be fucking myself positioned just as you asked me to be."

"Oh fuck!" I moaned feeling my climax approaching.

She moaned then too. "Oh baby...I'm fingering my clit, pinching my nipples, so close...so close now."

"Oh yeah, cum baby...cum for me. Make your pussy feel good for me baby."

"Almost there now," she near yelled into the phone. "Come with me Brad, pump your prick nice and hard and cum with me," she was yelling now, her orgasm well evident by the higher pitched tone of her voice and the slight slur of her words.

I felt the first blossom of spunk leap from my cock. Thankfully I had retrieved my handkerchief, from the back pocket of my pants in anticipation of this. Catching the wads of cum that spurted from the head of my dick in glorious pleasing rapture.

We both calmed, only the sounds of our mutual glowing pleasured breathing whispered through the lines back and forth to one another.

"You're amazing," she told me.

"So are you."

"Who'd of thought?"

"Ditto," I added somewhat nervously.

"Well, I'd better get going if I'm going to have time enough to get ready for that party," she said with a hint of anguish at ending the call. "But I've made such a mess here, that I need to hurry and clean it up too!" she giggled once again almost embarrassedly at having told me that.

"Yeah, I know what you mean," I said stuffing the cum-filled hanky back into my pants pocket, zipping up.

"See you tomorrow then?"

"You'd better believe it baby. And don't forget, on the bed...all fours, toy inside your pussy for me," I added.

She laughed. "Count on it,"

"Oh...I will. Later honey."

"Bye Brad, see you tomorrow." And with that, I heard the dial tone, simultaneously with the door opening and Julie stepping into the room. She smiled sitting her brief case down on the floor next to the door.

"Who was that?" My wife asked walking over to give me a kiss.

"Oh, don't know...wrong number," I told her.

She nodded her head. "Anything to eat around here? Julie asked me.

I grinned, looking at her. "Yeah...you." I suggested.

She grinned back. "Someone's in a good mood," she winked playfully. "Must have been a pretty good day then?"

"Oh yeah, great day in fact," I responded, as I followed my wife upstairs towards the bedroom. "And an even better one for some guy named Brad tomorrow," I mused happily slipping a finger between my wife's legs before we even got to the top of the landing.

"My, aren't we horny?" she said teasingly.

"Oh yeah...very," I had to agree.