 "Hello Ola, it's Brian. I hope you get this message."

Behind the windows of the front door was an uninviting darkness. But as he had said, it was unlocked. She turned the knob and eased her way in. 

"Brian?" she called up the pitch black staircase. 

It played on, "I really need someone like you right about now. There is so much I want to show you. You have to see me. Things aren't normal right now–but, I have something to share."

She locked the door, and opened the blinds. Street lights poured in, giving a faint orange path up the stairs. Climbing slowly, running her hand across the cold wall; she called again.

"Upstairs," a cheerful voice called back.

Around a corner and another flight of stairs, she found light spilling down the hall. Music played, something she didn't recognize as anything but Brian's trip-hop. Reaching the top step, her round, mocha-coloured eyes ran the length of the hall. A door was ajar; someone was in the bathroom. 

And on, "You might understand. I think you will."

"Hey Brian," she spoke with a deliberate friendliness, "I got your message."

"I called and nobody answered," Ola said, passing an open bedroom door. 

His final words making her stomach grip itself like a nervous fist, "Please, just come. Please. I know this sounds weird, but I'm really lonely. Nobody's home--it's just me. I'll leave the front door unlocked incase you decide to show."

A television played on mute, and an oversized stereo system played at a calm level. A girl with an angry mop of brown hair laid on her stomach, scribbling in a notebook laid out on the floor. Ola's shoulders relaxed, and she ran a hand across the doorframe. 

"Jen!" Ola said, passing down the hallway, "where's Brian?"

Rapping lightly on the bathroom door and getting no answer, Ola nudged open the door with a toe. "Brian?" she whispered. Peeking a head in, she found it empty. 

"Jen? I was worried Brian was alone. He sounded a bit messed up from the message he left me," Ola called down the hall, closing the bathroom door. "Where is your little bro, anyways?"

Peeking in on Jen, Ola stopped and peeked on the floral-patterned bed. Jen smiled--a smudge of black lipstick on her face. Ola smirked, sitting down on the carpet. Putting a hand under Jen's chin, she faced the drawing girl. "You got something on your..." 

"Brian?" Ola asked.

"I did myself up," Brian grinned, sitting upright. 

"What the fuck?" Ola moaned. Taking hold of his head and pulling the boy in closer, she twisted it from side to side. "What the hell did you do to yourself?"

"Nothing! I was just having fun," Brian smiled again. His cheeks were swollen, giving him a girlish roundness. His eyes were rather skillfully drawn in with black eye-liner, and a pale foundation had been applied to his face. Shading had made the swelling look natural; and had almost covered up a large bruise which ran under the length of his jaw.

"What happened to you?"

"I got my wisdom teeth pulled yesterday," he said, standing and stretching. Wearing Jen's black silk bathrobe overtop of his jeans, Ola was thankful he hadn't fully delved into his sister's clothing. 

Standing and scanning the room, Ola asked, "Have you been drinking?"

"No. I'm on t3's and IB profen."

She looked at the smaller boy, her eyes sharpened. "How many did you take?"

"Two t3's and one IB profen. There's codeine in the t3's," Brian said, collapsing onto the bed.

A smile cracked in the corner of Ola's mouth. "You'll be fine, light-weight."

Brian shrugged and smiled, basking in the light of the dim table lamp on the desk next to the bed. 

"You fucking scared me to death!" she barked, rubbing her forehead. "Now what the hell are you doing in your sister's room? And what's with the make-up?"

"This room is so nice and clean. Mine's so dirty. I just wanted to look nice and feel good." 

Ola sat on the bed, and tugged at the belt cinched around Brian's robe. "Jen's gonna kill you."

"She's with the 'rents at the movies."

"Brian," Ola raised an eye-brow, "put it back."

"Okay, fine," he said, pulling the belt loose. Sitting up and sliding the black silk off his shoulders, he balled up the robe and tossed it into the closet. Ola shook her head and nipped at a rouge lip. 

"So how come you called me?" she said, turning and looking at the topless boy. His pale skin rose from his sunken stomach to the ridges of his ribs. Her eyes crossed his pink nipples. 

"Because I've had a crush on you since I first met you. You were always the nicest of all Jen's friends," he said, holding his eyes shut only to reveal the brightest green eyes Ola had ever seen. He did make a beautiful girl. "You're also the prettiest," he added.

Ola smiled, "Don't be an idiot."

A wicked smile crossed the boy's face. Sitting up, the muscles in his stomach pulled tighter. Ola snuck a peek, and Brian caught the direction of her eyes. 

"I'm really glad you came," he said, half of his mouth rising into a smirk.

"I didn't know what the fuck was wrong with you!" Ola dropped her eyes to her lap. "You sounded like you were on something. I like your family, and love your sister too much to let her brother hurt himself."

"Sorry," he mumbled, pulling himself up and sitting next to the girl, "I just wanted to see you. I mean, see you without my sis around. Just you and me."

Brushing shoulders with the boy--Ola let his back brush up against her naked arm. Turning to face him, she looked down into his eyes. "Brian, get some rest. I'm going home."

Brian's painted mouth softened, pouting and pleading. Nudging at the notebook on the floor with his toe, he whispered, "Look."

Ola leaned forward, picking up the notebook. It was unmistakable; a sketch of two familiar eyes, a fine nose that ended in a point, and the accentuated pouting lips. Brian had sketched Ola in beautiful detail, by memory.

Ola couldn't repress the smile that tugged at her lips. "Brian, this is beautiful," she mumbled, caressing her own lips with her fingertips, "I can't believe you drew this."

"I want you to have it."

Sighing, she placed the scrapbook on the floor again. "Brian, I couldn't."

"You can have it," he faltered, "I drew it for you. I only want one thing in return."

Shaking her head slightly, the smile still remained on her face. "All right, what is it?"

"Kiss me," he stammered, looking like a desperate damsel from old film noir.

Looking Brian in the eye, Ola's smile stalled, and slowly dropped. Without consciously deciding, she found herself leaning in. Brian met her halfway, his lips connecting with hers. Pulling away and savoring the taste of lipstick and metal, Ola caressed her mouth with a finger. 

"Your sister would kill me," she whispered. 

Brian's hand found her waist, the other caressing her knee. He placed a kiss on her cheek, and his lips trailed down to her neck. Ola quivered with each lick of Brian's velvet tongue.

"So don't tell her," he whispered, his breath warming her neck, and passing under her blouse. 

Her breasts responded in a heave. The boy slid a hand up her leg, caressing her bare thigh before caressing the ridge between her jeans and her skin Upwards it climbed, passing onto her stomach, and onto the side swell of her breast. Caressing the soft flesh behind the stiff fabric of her shirt, Brian brought his fingers to the peak of her mound, and traced her hardening nipple.

Ola felt her shirt slacken. The top button snapped open in Brian's agile fingers, then the next. She looked down at the pretty boy dashing her neck in heated licks; his eyes were narrow, fixated on the wall behind her. As his tongue rode the vein in her neck, and his fingers unsnapped her shirt with tender expertise, Brian stared off into nothingness.

Brian shut his eyes. With a violent rip, he tugged Ola's shirt open. Pulling her shirt down Ola's back, he left her sleeves wrapped firmly around her wrists. Throwing a leg over Ola, Brian straddled her waist, and kissed her on the mouth. Dropping his hands from her neck to her shoulder, through her hair, then stopping at her white satin bra. Ola felt a satisfying rush of relief pass through her shoulders and back as her bra unsnapped, and slid off. Using the bra as a temporary restraint, he tied off the shirt stuck on Ola's wrists. 

"So you'll stick around," he mumbled, silently easing to the floor like a stretching cat. 

"If I wanted to leave I would've already," Ola answered.

A thankfulness shone in Brian's eyes as he unsnapped Ola's jeans. His chest brushing her knees, he tugged her pants open, and pulled them out from underneath her. Her pants slid to her feet, and dropped to the floor, revealing pink socks with frills. Brian caressed a foot, and planted a kiss on the flesh meeting the sock. With a sudden moan, Brian held her foot tightly to his cheek. 

"Are you okay?" Ola whispered.

Without looking up, Brian nodded, dragging his face up Ola's leg. His cheek and lips sliding up her shin, kissing her knee--he climbed further. 

Finding white cotton panties, he eased her legs apart. Resting her legs on his shoulders and locking them at the ankles; Ola fell back on her elbows. Her scent carried through fabric and drifted to the nose of the made-up boy. Inhaling deeper, he sank forward, pressing the tip of his nose to her concealed mound. Tracing his nose along the fine ridges of her supple flesh, he sampled her aroma in ragged breaths. Brian pulled back sharply, and tugged Ola's panties down, scratching at her hips. He found his way back, and the ankles locked themselves once again.

He explored; First nudging her clit with his nose, then placing his lips to hers. He stroked her with his tongue--finding her clit and covering it with his own moist lips. She gasped, sinking her white teeth into her ruby bottom lip. Licking, sucking, and nibbling, he engorged himself on her clit. Liquid flowed from her, mixing with his own saliva. Warmth grew in her loins, and spread. Ola moaned, and gasped, her cheeks reddening with the lips of her pussy.

A finger dipped into her liquids, and entered her with a quick slide. Another followed. Massaging upwards, finding ridges in the moist enveloping flesh, they massaged. Again and again, shockwaves from her clit; inward vibrations rolling outwards and across her body. Ola felt the onset of an orgasm build. Brian licked--coaxing her with his fingers. 

The orgasm sparked, then grew into a blaze between her legs. Rocking against his face, Ola moaned; crying with each lash of his tongue. She came furiously, bucking and grinding against his mouth. Shuddering against his tongue, she cooled down. Brian smiled, wet around the mouth. His eyes were hazy, almost sad. 

Sitting on the bed, he frowned and touched a hand to his jaw. 

"Oh God," Ola said, sitting up and shaking loose her bonds with little resistance, "your wisdom teeth! I forgot."

"It's okay," Brian mumbled. He opened his mouth and dipped a finger in; pulling it out revealed a thin coating of blood. 

"Oh my God, Brian! Just lay down! I'm so sorry," she said, taking pains with his--guiding his head to the pillow. 

"It's all right, Ola. I wanted to do it."

"Shut up already," she said, laying on top of his shoulder and holding his cheek, "you'll make it worse."

Ola held Brian's jaw, kissing his swollen cheek. She traced her fingers along the grooves in his neck, and stroked his chest. The ridges of his abdominal muscles tensed at her touch. Small but defined muscles; her fingers danced across them. 

"I feel terrible," said Ola. "Your poor mouth."

"I didn't feel any pain."

"You might once the painkillers wear off. I should let you rest."

Her hand left the hills of his abs, and fell to her own stomach. With a quick swipe, Brian grabbed the delicate hand, and placed it on the raised mound in his pants. Ola gripped tighter, feeling him through his pants.

"So you're a boy after all," she smiled. She unzipped him, and slipped her hand inside. Her hand brushed the warmth of his cock, and teased his balls, testing their weight. Taking them in her palm, she rolled and massaged them--nibbling on his earlobe. He responded in a deep sigh.

"Make me cum," whispered Brian. 

Stopping, Ola's hand released Brian, and went back to dancing across his abs. Finding it's place on his shoulder, Ola straddled Brian's waist, and kissed him on the lips. Tasting the metallic flavour of blood overtop of his lipstick, she kissed tenderly, and unbuttoned his pants. Releasing his throbbing member from his pants with one hand, she licked the other. She stroked him with her saliva coated hand, and guided it into her moist pussy. Dropping her weight on it, his cock penetrated with a wet glide. 

"A perfect fit," said the girl in a hush, her hand placed on her stomach. Her eyes returned to his, and she began to grind. Her ass pushing up and down, finger propped on her thighs, she worked him. Liquid flowed freely, running down Brian's shaft and into his trimmed bush. The scent of her sex carried once again.

Brian's mouth dropped in a silent, "Oh." Nerves in his swollen head danced, burrowing inside Ola's warmth. In and out, they formed an ecstatic rhythm. Grinding, sliding, they fucked into oblivion. Electric vibrations tingled down Brian's shaft, like one raw nerve nursed to ecstasy inside Ola. Ola's hand found it's way between her legs, bringing herself to a second and faster orgasm. Brian watched with wide eyes; her beautiful body writhing in orgasmic delight, breasts rising and falling, her teeth set into her lower lip, eyes closed. She moaned out loud.

"I'm close," Brian hissed.

"Cum with me," she replied, bucking faster and with more abandon. 

United at the loins, Brian joined her with his own pinned thrusting. His nerves, almost raw with ecstatic fucking, began to shiver. An orgasm shuddered from her to him, running down his shaft. A torrent released from him, shooting white bliss deep into the girl's quivering pussy. Between sighs and screams, the two came, swimming in each other's liquids.

Enjoying the final quivers of her orgasm, Ola whispered, "You're a beautiful boy."

Brian smiled, releasing the final drops of his seed into her. "Will you come back again?"

"Yes."

"Just for me?" he whispered.

"Just for you," she replied, collapsing onto his chest.