 It was a steamy hot July afternoon. The haze in the air made everything feel even hotter, if that were possible, and I was driving my truck to help Jenn do some final moving into her new apartment.

Jenn was about 19 and had just graduated from the group home were I worked. She was a sweet girl and had no family in the area so when she called me for help I couldn't really refuse. Not to mention that her figure was something undeniably addicting to the eyes. Her hair was jet-black, shoulder-length and it framed her sad eyes beautifully. Only about five feet tall, the curves of her wide hips and 38-D breasts appeared all the more exaggerated. She was Peruvian by birth but adopted into her family, nut a falling out left her alone for this move. I have to admit now that I had a bit more than a crush on her with her steamy latin looks, ever so plump curves and breasts the size of cantaloupes. 

I arrived at the address and ascended the 3 flights of stairs and knocked on her door. Jenn answered and opened the door.

She was dressed in a tight baby-doll tank top that clung to her perfect breasts. I could see her tits bouncing a little underneath the light clingy fabric. She was not wearing a bra and her black spandex shorts showed that in the months she had left the group home that she'd probably been working out.

"I'm sorry," she said, clearly flustered. "I'm still in my pajamas. I can't find any clothes at all! I think all my clothes must be in the storage unit. And I don't have a key!" 

The third floor of the unit was stifling in its heat. I was sweating already and we'd not begun to move anything. The couch was askew in the center of the room and there was an uninstalled air-conditioner on the floor.

Jenn was clearly getting stressed out. She called her former roommate and left a message about the key to the storage unit. 

"If I don't have my stuff out of there by the end of the month, I have to pay for another whole year! I can't afford it." Jenn sat on the couch and started to cry." 

I sat next to her trying to calm her. Clearly, the move was not going as well as she'd hoped. 

"What can I do to help?" I asked.

"I don't know. I shouldn't have asked you up here. I'm so sorry." She started sobbing and turned her head into my shoulder. Her tears getting absorbed in my sweaty shirt. I put my arms around her. Damn she felt good. Her soft breasts pressed against me and I could feel my cock get a bit hard.

"I tell you what," I said, "why don't I get the AC installed and we can sort out stuff and get your bed set up and do all the major stuff. If we hear about the key, I'll drive you and we can get the rest of your stuff."

"Thank you," she said, her tears disappearing. We both realized I was still holding her. 

"I don't want to start yet. This feels good." She nestled further into my embrace and I kissed the top of her head. I pulled her up to me to whisper into her ear.

"I like it too. Maybe too much." I said. Our cheeks felt incredible next to each others. I kissed her cheek and we slowly moved our lips closer. 

Our lips met almost accidentally and we kissed. Her thick pouty lips were as soft as petals as we enjoyed the moment. 

"Oh God," Jenn said, "I've wanted to do that for the longest time."

"Would you think less of me if I said I wanted to also?" I asked.

"Oh God no. I've wanted to be with you for the longest time. I just never thought it was possible."

I kissed her again, this time stretching her against the couch as my hand reached up to squeeze her large round breast. Our tongues danced inside each others' mouthes as her hands moved up and down along my back. My cock was now straining against my shorts. Her hand moved down my belly and explored the hardness of my shaft as she traced the outline of my cock over the fabric of my shorts.

"Mmmm," she moaned, licking the outside of my ear. The soft kissing was now replaced with more hungry urgency. She positioned herself beneath me and I centered my body between her legs. I moved in to kiss her again and my thick, hard cock ground into her. We dry-humped like that for what felt like half an hour. Kissing, moaning into each others ears, our pace quickened and I could feel the wetness of her eager pussy soaking through her shorts - and also mine. I reached around to grab her sumptuous ass and her legs wrapped around me, vice-like. More hurried and frenetic than before we continued dry-fucking each other. 

"Nathan, I'm about ready to explode!" Jenn cried.

"Jenn, we need to stop," I said.

"What's wrong? I thought you liked it," jenn looked at me with a disappointed glower.

"I knew it. We went to fast, now you think I'm a slut. I know I am." she said, a tear streaming from her eye.

"No honey, it's not that. I just think if we want to take this further we should..." I paused.

"What is it?" she asked through her tears.

"I think we should get the AC going. It's so hot."

"Oh my God, I'm so sorry. I misunderstood. You're so right," she said, brushing her arm over her sweaty tear-streaked face.

I got up from the couch, opened the window and I don't think I've ever installed an AC so quickly in my life. I plugged it in and after a quick shudder and quake, an icy blast started to fill the room.

"Now back to the matter at hand." I removed my sweaty shirt and let the air cool me. My hard cock was straining through my shorts and I sat down next to Jenn. We continued kissing and I could see that the new temperature was having an effect on her. Her nipples were hard though her shirt. The sweat had soaked her and the fabric of the skimpy top was practically see-through. Her large dark nipples could dense the change in the air. They were about the size of hershey kisses and I let my finger feel them over the soft fabric of her top. Her hand went to my crotch and she felt my cock twitch with anticipation. With a quick adjustment, it was soon poking through the top of my shorts. The shiny purple head of my cock was just begging to be sucked. She unzipped me and I pulled my shorts down. The full ten inches of my cock was now on display as Jenn's eyes grew wide with astonishment.

"Oh my God, honey. Your cock is huge! I hope this works." She then got down on her knees before me and let her lips and tongue go wild over my shaft. She took me slowly at first, getting used to the girth by running her tongue up and down the length of my swollen shaft, then allowing her mouth to swallow the head and about five inches of meat before a short gag came from her throat.

I'd had fantasies before about me and Jenn, but I must say that this was way better than anything my imagination could have dreamed up. She tried to swallow my meat as much as she could while her small hand, barely fitting around the base pumped me like a pro. 

I could see her other hand was between her legs, rubbing at her own crotch.

Jenn lifted up her head, "I can't keep on doing this, my jaw is beginning to ache. Come here." 

She pulled me further down on the couch and took my cock in her hand. She then lifted up her sweat-soaked tank top and put my cock between her enormous tits. She grabbed her breasts from both sides squeezing as my cock rose up through her cleavage and over the top of her shirt.

Her heaving tits were smooth and sweaty, "Do you like that babe?" 

I moaned in approval. 

"I've never done this before. I hope you like it," she said as her hands picked up the pace.

I moaned again in satisfaction as her hands increased the pace of her tit-fucking. She lowered her head and took about three inches, then four, then five in her mouth. My cock felt engulfed in hot, wet sweaty sex when I felt a twitch coming from my balls and the base of my cock.

"Jenn, I think I'm going to...."

"Oh yes babe. I want you to. Cum all over my tits," Jenn moaned.

I couldn't control myself. I felt the tightness in the base of my balls erupt into a blast of hot cum. She kept pumping with her tits as sticky shot after shot of cock juice shot out my cock and onto her face, neck and tits. Her sweaty tank-top was also covered in ribbons of pearly cum. Truthfully, I didn't know I could cum so much. After my last spasm of seed, Jenn leaned forward and held me close.

"That felt incredible, honey," I said trying to regain my breath.

"It did for me too," she moaned, her hand still stroking my cock, coating it with my own cum. She once again took my shaft in her mouth, coaxing out the last drops of cum.

Quickly she pulled away and stood up. Pulling down her tight black spandex shorts, she threw them aside and straddled my still hard, cum-covered pole.

"Go slow," she whimpered as she guided my cock head to her sopping pussy. She lowered herself down on me taking inch by inch until she was full of my cock-meat.

"Is that Ok?" I asked. I was about ready to cum again since she didn't let me "recharge."

"Baby, it feels incredible! " Slow grinding rhythm changed to pounding thrusts as she quickly increased her pace. My nails were digging into the meat of her curves as she rode my shaft. Her sweaty cum-soaked shirt was in my face and she lifted her arms to let me take it off. Her gorgeous tits now released, I took her nipple in my mouth as my nails dug into the meat of her ass. The solid muscles of her rear were working hard and I knew I wouldn't last much longer. I arched up allowing as much length as possible to fill her cunt.

"Oh Nathan! That's it! Fuck me with that huge cock! I'm so close to cumming! Oh God! Pound me! Tear me up with that shaft. Make me your little cock-whore!" Jenn panted.

"Jenn. Honey, Where do you want me to cum?" I asked. I wasn't going to be able to hold off.

"Inside me babe! Fill my cunt up with your hot cock juice. Oh my God!!! I'm cumming!!! Oh Fuck yeah." Her pussy gripped me like a vice as she heaved and bucked on top of me, slamming herself onto my cock repeatedly until she claimed her release. She finished her orgasm in a collapse on top of me as I shot another creamy load inside her. 

We regained our breath and looked into each others eyes. We kissed slowly.

"I think I could fall in love with you honey." I whispered.

"Me too. I know it." Jenn sighed as her head fell to my shoulder

"Maybe now we should put together the bed?" I asked. Jenn laughed.

"Only after a shower," she whispered. 

Later I shall tell you about that shower.