 As I was preparing to leave for work, I noticed my girlfriend getting ready to seal her driveway. We have been living together for the past six months. It was a nice bright sunny day. She was strategically placing the five-gallon pails on the driveway. She was dressed in cutoffs and an old tee shirt with her long strawberry blonde hair cascading over her shoulders.

I went into the kitchen to grab some coffee for the road, and she went upstairs. As I was heading out the door to my car, she came down the stairs from our bedroom. I stopped cold, as her hair was now in a bun, with wisps of hair coming down her neck and face, she has added some small loop earrings, gloss and gloss lipstick.

Gone were her tee shirt replaced by a tube type wrap around bikini top covering her 36‐inch breasts, and the cutoffs were replaced with a triangle bikini bottom with bow ties on either side of her hips. I asked if I could lay out with her too, half kidding as I had to get to work. She laughed and she was not lying out, but was doing the driveway.

I told her she could not work dressed like that and she said it was not a problem, and that I should have thought about it when I told her I could not help her last night. She said if I wanted to help her, I had to stay home, take off my clothes, put on a pair of cut off blue jeans without underwear and help her do the driveway. I could not wear a shirt, and had to talk to be by her side if anyone showed up to talk while she was working. If, I did not she would not have sex with me for two months.

I went upstairs and put my shorts on, she came up behind me and started running her hands and fingernails up my chest and down across the bulge in my shorts, while whispering in my ear about how excited she was at that very moment. As I turned around she was naked, and told me I needed to do a couple of things first. She said for she me to rub sun tan lotion on her and give her a massage, and she needed to feel my tongue on her womanhood, and I could not take my shorts off. I laid her back on the bed and kissed her on her mouth, while running my hands down the front side of her body without touching her wonderful breasts and vagina. I asked her if she knew what she was in for and she said yes. I kissed her deeply and moved off her mouth and started kissing my way down her body. I kissed each ear, and after kissing each area I rubbed that area with my fingers using the sun tan lotion. After her ears, face and neck, I kissed down each arm, and kissed and sucked each finger and put lotion on each arm. Her body was starting to shake and I noticed her nipples were harder than I had ever seen, I whispered in her ear and asked if she wanted me to touch them and she said she did, I said in due time.

I went lower and kissed my way up and down each leg, and each toe, and worked the lotion into each leg. When I came to the top of each leg near her hips, I spread her legs wider and brushed close to her now blooming flower. I could see the petals of her flower starting to open and the dew of her mucous on each petal. I moved past her flower and up to her chest area and kissed all around her breasts, not touching her nipples, while kissing lower past her navel, across the small amount of strawberry blonde pubic hair, missing her open flower.

She was breathing heavily, as I started rubbing the lotion across the same areas, she asked me to please hurry. I told her since I had to call in and take a vacation day; I was no longer in a rush.

I finished the lotion and had not touched her nipples or lovely flower, and my pants were about to burst. She said to remember I could not cum until after we completed the driveway. I said I could stop and she said if I did I would then have to wait for two months.

I kissed her on the open mouth, and she teased my cock by running a finger and nail up the inside of my leg. I kissed down to her breasts and kissed around her nipples, took the thumb and forefinger of each hand, and lightly pulled on her nipples, while kissing towards her navel.

My cock was ready to burst through my pants. I stopped at her navel, and took my hands from the nipples and with my open palms I rubbed over her distended nipples and went lower still licking the very top of her pubic hair, of which there was very little. I went back to her nipples and sucked and licked each one for time m She was starting to squirm even more, as l ran my tongue down the middle of her front side past her navel, stopping at her entrance. I looked at the wonderful site of her gaping womanhood.

As I bent down, I ran my finger across the opening of her beautiful flower and she shuddered, as I went lower I lay flat on my stomach and spread her legs, kissing each side of her legs near the junction of her legs, where here opening was in front of my face. She was very wet, waiting for my tongue to start working on her. She was asking me to please touch her with my tongue, and for the first time I ran my tongue across her slit, and I kissed each petal, and started to taste her sweet and copious juice. The front of my shorts were wet from my own juice. I love to taste and eat her, and now I was lost in pleasuring her, running my hands up to her breasts and back down her sides. I pushed my tongue forward as far I as I could into her opening, and moved by tongue up and down her opening, kissing her gently often.

I could sense she was getting close as I found her clit and licked and sucked on it. As she was now ready, I eased my finger into her while continuing my oral assault. She came and the look on her face was pure joy.

As she rested I was heading to change my shorts and she said I had to wear them while working on the driveway. She put her small bottom back on, the tube top, and put her hair in a ponytail and put on a baseball cap. She said let's go, and we headed outside. It was a hot day and we were sweating very quickly.

It took about two hours and during that time I believe I met every one of her friends. 

Practically naked I shook each of their hands hoping my stain did not show, but knowing it was only getting larger. While working a few of her male customers dropped off some accounting papers, and asked why she had not told them as they could have helped as well. She shook their hands, and I knew they were enjoying the sight.

Each time my erection started to subside at all, she would give me a long kiss and run her hands down the front of my chest. All of could think of was getting the job completed and hope she would take care of me afterward.

As we headed inside after completing the job, she gave me a long kiss and said she would see me in the shower. I entered the shower and she gave me another long kiss, while taking the soap and lathering my body. As I rinsed off, I soaped her and spent a large amount of time on her breasts and her flower. She rinsed off and lathered my cock stroking it long and slowly whispering to me she could not wait to me squirming on the bed. I was worried I might lose it in the show.

We exited the shower and she said it was now my turn, and to wait for her on the bed. I lay down, with my head on the pillows naked, and she came back into the room wearing one of her Victoria Secrets g‐string type underwear, the type she has worn under her summer dresses. It gets me so turned on knowing what lies underneath and how good she looks. Her breasts were swaying slightly as she walked in and gave me a kiss, I reached up to kiss back and run my palms lightly over her breasts and nipples, and she told me to stop, as it was her turn to please me.

She kissed my mouth and gave me the same treatment I had given to her. As I was on fire, she said to get ready, as she had not yet touched my cock, she kissed the tip and came away with some of my precum, she took the lotion and started to stroke me while kissing the tip, she went lower and continued to work her hands up and down my shaft while sucking at the same time.

She moved her hair away from her face and behind her neck so I could watch her lips on the head of my cock. She knew that I like to watch and see things develop, I am a visual person, and I know it is what I like. I was on fire watching her stroke my cock, kiss the tip and suck it into her mouth, while allowing me to watch.

She tickled the entrance to my anus and I could feel my balls start to contract, she went deeper and I started to cum filling her mouth. It was the first and not the last time I came while she gave me oral sex, a blowjob. I kissed her long and hard.

We fell asleep and woke a couple of hours later. She still had the g‐string underwear on and I kissed my way down to her wonderful area, and kissed her through the fabric feeling her wetness, I moved the fabric aside and kissed her open flower, and not being able to wait, I pulled the underwear down her long legs, and gave her a

long kiss on her mouth. I lay down on the bed, and asked her to sit on top of my cock. She held it straight up and put my cock at the entrance of her flower, and slowly sank onto me. I started thrusting upward, and it felt wonderful, as if I was in heaven. We came together.

After lingering for a while, she said could you do it again, and I said doubtful, and she said well you did call in and it would be a shame to waste your vacation day.

She started to kiss her way down my stomach while reaching for the lotion.

I love oral sex, to give and to get.