 Vanessa sighed, braced herself, and hefted the box of books from the back of her new Impala. A bit on the pricey side, but she considered it worth it. Taking care not to run into the car door she turned to carry the box into her new apartment and nearly bumped into the man standing almost directly behind her.

"Oh, sorry, didn't mean to get in your way." The grin that spread on his face was undeniably charming, and it was difficult for Vanessa to not return it. The grin belonged to a man that could have been right at home in an underwear ad with sculpted features that seemed to have been made of stone. Standing about 6'2", with brown hair and sea green eyes, the man had an undeniable magnetism that even Vanessa wasn't immune to. She noticed the reaction her body had to his smile, not altogether unpleasant.

"I'm Eric, I live upstairs with my roommate. He'd be here too, but had to work today. I brought cookies." Only then did Vanessa notice the paper plate in his left hand full of what looked like homemade chocolate chip cookies. 

Afraid that she would drop the box before getting it inside, she hitched her head towards the open car door. "Bring a box on your way in." With that she huffed up to the second floor complex and settled the box on a kitchen counter. Taking a minute to catch her breath, she couldn't help but cringe at the thought of unpacking all the boxes that now filled her almost too small living room and most of the counter space in the kitchen. Since the front door opened to the living room that's where most of the boxes had been dropped. Down a short hall leading off the right of the living room was her room and bathroom along with a hall closet at the very end. Not much room, but Vanessa didn't need much. 

Herself at a respectable 5'11" with a pixie short cut of dark brown hair, Vanessa had once been stopped in a mall from an older woman who could have sworn she looked like Jessica Alba. A full, pouty mouth with enough natural color that she could usually go without lip gloss adorned her face along with chocolate brown eyes a man could sink into if he looked long enough. A pert little nose stood front and center and added to the pixie look with a slight upward tilt at the end of it. With a slim body and high pert breasts, Vanessa mostly accounted her built body to good metabolism; she didn't go out of her way to exercise, but enjoyed being active outside when she could. 

"Where should I put this?" Vanessa had almost forgotten about Eric and tried not to blush at the grin he shot her way. 

"Um...anywhere, really. Like, um, on that box is fine." Eric seemed to put it down with the unstated ease of being practiced in lifting heavy things. An almost awkward silence had quickly come up. "I'm Vanessa, by the way. I'm new here and am still moving in." As soon as she said this she realized how inane is sounded, and tried not to blush under his intense gaze. 

"Yeah, I picked up on that." Eric chuckled. With that, he picked up the cookies he'd put on the box before carrying it in the apartment, and wound his way around the piles of boxes to the small kitchen where Vanessa was still standing. Vanessa seemed to almost hold her breath as he walked around her to place the plate on a countertop that was quickly losing working space. "Where are you moving from?"

"Um... Greenfield. Not far from here, but far enough where the commute would kill me. The gas prices aren't friendly to people who decide to drive to work these days." Vanessa tried to act casual and leaned her butt against the counter next to the stove. Eric mimicked her, only chose the counter that was perpendicular with that. He seemed to choose that spot only to unnerve her. Her breathing was becoming more difficult to do with him so close. She tried to look anywhere but at him, but that only served to make the silence even more awkward for them. His breathing didn't seem to trouble him at all. 

"Where would you have had to commute to if you'd decided to stay in Greenfield?" Eric's voice seemed to drop an octave when he said this, probably because he was so close to her. Vanessa looked up to answer him, but knew when she looked in his eyes that it wasn't because of his proximity to her. His eyes seemed to have also changed with his voice, and were now the color of storm clouds. 

Vanessa took an audible breath and said, "The art gallery in town?" 

"Was that a question?" 

"What? Oh, um...no, I just, um...uh, ha, tend to turn my sentences into questions when I'm nervous." She seemed to take an inordinate amount of time to get that out, all the while looking at Eric's face, not being able to draw her gaze away from his. 

"Why, Miss Vanessa, what would make you nervous? We're just talking in your kitchen with the front door wide open while your car sits in the driveway with boxes that still need to be unpacked. Are you afraid that someone will take them while we're here talking?"

She couldn't seem to keep the truth from coming out, and was surprised when she heard herself say "No, you make me nervous." 

"Me? Why would I make you nervous?"

"Oh, no reason, really." And with that she made to leave the kitchen. Before she could Eric stuck out his arm and placed against the side of the fridge, effectively blocking her into the small room with no other means of escape. 

"I think you know why I make you nervous. It's because for the last ten minutes, since I met you, really, all I could think about doing was this." And with that Eric pulled Vanessa towards him and stopped her gasp with his lips. He nibbled and caressed her mouth with his before using his tongue to do the same. Vanessa couldn't stop the moan that came from the back of her throat, and raised her hands to plow them through the hair at the nape of his neck. His other arm, the one keeping her from leaving the kitchen, came around to grab her neck and force her closer to his adamant mouth. When her mouth opened willingly to accept his tongue, she knew she was lost. She needed this, had needed this for months now.

She leaned into him, pressing his butt against the counter while she ground her crotch against his. He groaned low in his throat, and both hands when down to her ass to pull her pussy closer to his dick. While moving his hips in a counterclockwise direction, he grasped her hips and rotated them the opposite direction. Both of them groaned as they came up for air and he fastened his mouth to her neck. 

"Oh my god. Please....please..." Vanessa wasn't quite sure what she was asking for, her hands gripping his hair and trying to direct his mouth back to hers. Eric slid both hands up her shirt, testing the smooth, petal-like skin of her stomach, almost losing it when he encountered her belly button ring. In an almost rough move, Eric repositioned them, now with Vanessa's butt against the counter and his crotch moving against hers; the thrusting he was doing with his hips was returned in kinds, and soon they were both imitating the act of sex with their clothes on. Vanessa wanted to soon fix that. 

While his hands were still caressing the skins of her stomach, she ran her hands under his shirt and tested the muscles of his back. They rippled under her hands as she moved them back and forth, up and down. Dissatisfied with that, she grabbed the bottom of his shirt and pulled up. This meant he had to dislodge his hands from under shirt, but as soon as his shirt hit the kitchen floor they were right back in the action. 

Not trusting that he would get anything subtle, Vanessa did the same with her shirt, and soon they were both topless. Eric was working with the back of her bra, and it too joined their shirts. She gasped out loud as he took her left nipple into his mouth and bathed it with his tongue. The tugging of his teeth sent tremors to her pussy and she couldn't keep the moan from escaping. 

"Oh, god yes! Mmm..." Eric could tell she was enjoying this so he soon turned his attention to her other nipple, making sure not to bite too hard. Vanessa had been so distracted with the magic his mouth was creating that she didn't notice he had her pants around her knees until she tried to place one of her between his. His hand was busy trying to make its way under her black thong, but Vanessa was too impatient. Using her legs, she managed to rid herself of the offending garments, and stuck her leg out. He immediately took to it, and groaned against her chest as she managed to tuck it against his dick and move it in a circular motion.

"You, ah, keep that up, and I'm not going to be able to finish this..." 

"Well, we, ah...can't have that, now...can we?" Vanessa gasped this as she struggled with his belt buckle. She loosed the button and lowered the zipper, pulling his boxers with his pants down to his knees. Grasping his throbbing erect cock in her hands, she pumped him a few times, sliding the precum around his tip with her thumb. 

"Ah gawd, I can't wait. We have....have to do this!" With that Vanessa turned around and bent at the waist, placing her hands against the edge of the counter. Eric took his cock in his hand, pumped it a few times, and placed it at the waiting opening of her wet and throbbing pussy. Pushing slowly at first, Eric and Vanessa let out twin groans as he planted himself in her moist and tight pussy. 

"Holy fuck, you're so tight." Eric pulled out slowly, and pushing back in, reached around the found her clit. "Oh man, Vanessa, you're so wet. I love how tight your sweet little pussy is." 

Vanessa gasped and moaned as his cock continued its journey in and out of her pussy, each time managing to slide against her G spot making her tremble. "Oh god Eric, I'm gonna cum." 

At this Eric started to thrust faster into her, making sure to go as far as he could each time. One hand was busy flicking across her engorged clit while she gasped; the other was pinching and squeezing her nipple, making it stand at attention. 

Vanessa knew she was close to orgasm, and tried to help Eric along by thrusting back onto his dick while he thrust forward. A few more thrusts and she was there, crying out as he pushed harder into her. Her pussy walls contracted around his dick and that was all he needed to cum. His cum shot out of his dick, coating the inner walls of her pussy while her contractions lessened. 

Both slumped against the moving box that was placed on the counter in front of them, Eric leaning against Vanessa's back. Kissing the back of her neck he said, "Welcome to the neighborhood."