 Bonnie is mad enough to spit. She’s had a bit of a temper as long as I’ve known her. It has never been directed at me, but I have seen her in action and she is in full bloom now. Her nose is bleeding.

“Hey babe, I’m sorry,” says the good looking guy on the other side of the net who just spiked the ball hard into her face. We all know it wasn’t on purpose but Bonnie isn’t buying it.

“Fuck you, asshole!” she yells, producing smiles on the faces of both teams, except for Bonnie who is angrily wiping away blood with the back of her hand. “And if you call me ‘babe’ again I’ll kick your balls all the way up into your throat!”

I have to hide a smile. The guy is a good eight inches taller than Bonnie and outweighs her by at least fifty pounds.

The volleyball match is temporarily suspended. Another good looking guy on the other team has produced a handkerchief and Bonnie is allowing me to help staunch the flow of blood.

There is another reason she’s pissed off. Our dorm joined the new co-ed intramural volleyball league a couple of weeks ago and we’ve been very successful so far, taking our first two Friday evening matches from the Lagunita Court and Stern Hall dorms. We’re not so lucky this time around. Branner Hall, a dorm for upperclassmen, is kicking our asses. My roommate and lover has been spoiling for a fight since we lost the first five points.

When the match resumes and the slaughter finally ends, I’ll take her back to our room, clean her up in the shower, and then fuck her really hard with our dildo. An orgasm or two will reestablish her normal cheerful self. The dildo was a gift from Mitch, the porn star and high class escort who relieved me of my virginity on my eighteenth birthday, giving me an unexpected orgasm in the process.

Bonnie is four months older and started having sex soon after her eighteenth birthday. By the time Mitch fucked me, she had already had sex with a couple of different boys but had not been able to achieve an orgasmic state during intercourse. The young men were only interested in their own gratification.

My encounter with Mitch, and the resultant orgasm, was captured on video by my mother. I wanted her in the room with me since Mitch was a stranger, but she balked and we reached a compromise. She finally agreed to monitor what was happening by video feed from nearby room. 

When I shared the video with Bonnie, and the circumstances surrounding Mom’s participation, I got a predictable reaction; she was green with envy. What she didn’t know was that I had already asked Mitch if he’d be willing to help her, and he agreed. When I told Bonnie about his offer, she readily accepted with the proviso that I be in the room with her when it happened and that everything be digitally recorded for later enjoyment. 

After an hour of watching Mitch expertly fuck my best friend, using a variety of techniques to drive her into several shattering orgasms, I reached two conclusions; I wanted to have sex with Mitch at least one more time and I also wanted to have sex with Bonnie. When I nervously confessed my feelings toward her, she admitted having similar yearnings about me.

Just before we left home to start classes at Stanford as freshmen, I spent an afternoon with Mitch. The result was a comprehensive sex education that would have taken months, perhaps even years, to compile under normal circumstances. That encounter was also recorded, adding to our small collection of personalized pornography.

Bonnie and I started having sex soon after our arrival at school. As roommates, we are in an ideal situation and take advantage of our good fortune whenever the mood strikes us. And it strikes often, so we have lots of opportunities to explore our sexuality while we wait for the right guys to appear and round out our sex lives.

With the bleeding stopped, we start playing again, Bonnie with ferocious intensity, the rest of us trying to win but not wigged out. A couple of times after we rotate positions, I find myself at the net opposite the guy who donated the handkerchief. He’s about the same size as the guy who spiked Bonnie, maybe a shade over six feet, so I watch him closely for two reasons. He really is nice looking and I don’t want a bloody nose.

I rarely try to spike the ball. At five seven, I don’t have the height, particularly against much taller opponents. I prefer to go up for a ball that normally would be spiked and then simply tap it just enough to clear the net and fall to the ground. On two occasions I am able to pull this stunt, once with handkerchief guy and once with Bonnie’s spiker. Both guys just grin at me and give me a thumbs up. In the end we lose the match, but not until we put forth a good effort and pull within three points of the Branner Hall team.

Since the league started, it has been customary for both teams to head for a nearby off-campus watering hole where the few over-twenty-one players drink beer and the rest of us resentfully order soft drinks. Bonnie’s disposition has improved, so we join the crowd. We’re seated with two of our female dorm mates at a table for six. Two guys from our team are off trying to hustle a couple of the girls from Branner Hall. After fifteen or twenty minutes of conversation Bonnie is nearly herself again. At least until handkerchief guy and the spiker show up and ask if they can join us.

“Sure,” three of us respond. “Have a seat.”

“Fuck off,” Bonnie snarls, her mood darkening.

“Thanks ladies,” both men respond as they ignore Bonnie and take the two remaining chairs. 

“Majority rules,” the handkerchief guy says with a grin in my direction. “I’m Zach and the master spiker here is Darren.”

Darren turns in Bonnie’s direction and is met with a glare.

“I really didn’t mean for that to happen,” he says kindly. All of us know his apology is sincere. Even Bonnie’s face softens a little and she lets out a small sigh.

“I believe you,” she says after giving him a long look and then a small smile. “I’m not a very good loser, so I was already pissed off at the way the match was going.”

“Well, you guys put up a good fight. I’m sorry you got hurt, but it really was a great game. According to the schedule, our teams will meet several more times before the year is out.”

“And we’re already looking forward to it,” Zach offers.

We spend the next hour or so chatting amiably about volleyball, campus life, and share a little personal information with the two guys who respond in kind. Zach is a twenty-year-old pharmacy major. Darren is also twenty and is majoring in finance. And, like us, they are roommates.

As we talk, both men take care to engage all four of the women at the table, but I notice that Darren glances at Bonnie more often than he does the others. I chalk it up to regret that he caused her harm. It also may have something to do with the fact that, in my opinion, she is the most beautiful woman in the establishment despite a little puffiness around her nose and upper lip.

Smiling inwardly to myself, I return my attention to the others only to find Zach staring openly at me. A small hint of amusement appears on his face and then he looks away. Instinctively, I know he’s going to look my way again within seconds. He does so with a sheepish little grin and I smile back at him. He’s busted and he knows it. There is a spark of interest on both sides of this equation.

Since we joined the volleyball league, Bonnie and I have gone out on dates with a couple of guys we met through the sport. We had a nice time in every case, but neither of us found them to be likely candidates for a sexual relationship. We intend to take our time and choose carefully, having no intention of becoming promiscuous in our search for suitable male sex partners. 

Nothing more happens this evening so we part ways with the others and head back to our dorm room. We’re a little hungry from all the exercise, so we microwave a couple of bags of popcorn and watch television in the dorm’s common area until nine o’clock or so and then return to our room.

“I saw Zach eyeballing you tonight. I’m guessing he’s already interested,” Bonnie tells me as we get ready for our showers. We both know we’re going to have sex tonight, but she doesn’t know what I intend to do to her. I can tell she’s still a little amped up by the spiking incident and losing the match.

“I noticed the same thing about Darren,” I counter with a grin. “And, unless I miss my guess, you appeared to be receptive to his attention.”

“Maybe,” she says. “I’m not quite over the nosebleed yet.”

“Give it a rest and let’s go shower.”

Returning to our room, we go through our routine of drying and brushing each other’s hair. When Bonnie starts to put on her little black outfit with the crotchless panties I stop her.

“Naked tonight,” I tell her as I retrieve our dildo, a bullet vibrator, and some lubricant. “On your knees. Now.”

“So it’s going to be like that?” she inquires with a little smile.

“Yes, it is,” I confirm as I toss her a dual-bullet vibrator and apply a generous amount of lube to the large artificial cock.

“No foreplay?” she asks with another smile as she takes her position on the mattress at the foot of her bed, knees spread wide, ass in the air, head and shoulders pressed into the sheets.

“None.”

We’ve done this several times now and she knows exactly what to do. Her hands are lying loosely on the mattress between her knees with the vibrator close at hand. If she has trouble cumming when I fuck her with the dildo, she’ll employ one of the little machines at the just right moment and push herself over the top.

Without delay I step up behind her, insert the tip of the silicone cock into her pussy and then ram it home. A little squeak and then a moan from Bonnie tells me that I have penetrated her precisely the way she wanted. Both of us have learned to appreciate no-foreplay-fucking from time to time. The mild discomfort of entry quickly morphs into pure pleasure. It is a technique we occasionally use when one of us has had a bad day. Bonnie knows that the monumental orgasm she is about to experience will make everything right.

My intent is to fuck her as hard and fast as I can. No gentle buildup. As much as I am able, I want to replicate the pounding she and I both experienced with Mitch. I can’t duplicate the body mass of an adult male, but a can loop one arm around her midsection and use all my strength to thrust the huge cock in and out of her pussy. The four-inch handle gives me a lot of control and the heavy tungsten inserts in the testicles provide Bonnie with a lot of pleasure as they impact her body at the end of each stroke.

It doesn’t take very long. By the ninth or tenth thrust Bonnie is pressing her face into the bedclothes and screaming incoherently as I push her swiftly up the slope toward the orgasmic release she so desperately needs. Realizing she’ll probably cum without the aid of the vibrator, I intensify my efforts, slamming the long, thick dildo into her with all the force I can muster.

Cumming with a muffled shriek, her body trembles noticeably while I continue to thrust, ensuring that she derives as much pleasure as possible until her orgasm runs its course. When it’s over, her body sags against my encircling arm. Withdrawing the artificial cock, I lower her gently onto the bed, lie down beside her, and take her into my arms.

A couple of aftershocks cause her to shiver slightly and let out a soft moan. I hold her tightly until she is fully recovered.

“Thank you. I needed that,” she whispers.

“I know,” I whisper back.

Ten minutes later I am on my back, legs open wide, with my head supported on stacked pillows so I can observe as Bonnie wields the dildo, gently at my request. I’ll watch her fuck me for a while, slowly allowing my arousal to peak, and then employ one of the bullets to push myself over the edge. Tonight I have no need for vigorous fucking.

When I’m ready, I touch the little machine to my clit and start to cum. As my orgasm rises up from the core of my body, I touch my clit four or five times during the climax to extend its duration by several glorious seconds, announcing my release with a wail muffled by the hand I’ve clamped over my mouth. Now it’s Bonnie’s turn to hold me while I recover.

A few minutes later, Bonnie surprises me by reversing her position on the bed. 

“I want to cum again,” she announces. “Let’s do sixty-nine.”

“Okay by me,” I agree with a smile. 

“I’ll get on top,” she informs me as she rises to her knees and swings a shapely leg over my head.

It takes a few seconds for us to get into position, but soon we have our faces buried between each other’s thighs. We take our time, kissing, licking, and sucking all the right places. Several minutes pass while each of us tries to monitor the other’s level of arousal. With our lips and tongues occupied, we can only vocalize our status with moans and muffled yelps. 

Sixty-nine is the only activity, other than mutual masturbation, where we have an opportunity to cum simultaneously and we try hard to make that happen. If one of us cums too soon, the ability to focus on our partner’s pleasure diminishes and we have to resort to other methods to finish our lovemaking.

No such issues tonight. Bonnie has already sucked my clit in between her lips. I follow suit and instantly feel her body begin to shiver with impending release. Seconds later we both cum, moaning loudly as we try our best to maintain clitoral contact as long as possible. Finally, with a long sigh of contentment Bonnie rolls off me, turns around on the bed and lies once again by my side. By the time we embrace and share a kiss, our breathing has nearly returned to normal.

“Hey you,” Bonnie whispers minutes later.

“What?”

“Do you think we’ll hear from Darren and Zach tomorrow?”

“Probably. They are definitely interested. I’m betting they’ve already talked to our teammates and have our numbers. Unless they have some other commitment, I think they’ll call. We’ll do our homework right after breakfast and then see what happens.”

“They’re both really good looking,” Bonnie observes. “If they call, shall we fuck ‘em right away or play hard to get?” I know she’s joking. Mitch was one thing; we both needed the education. But indiscriminant fucking is not on our agenda and we’ll proceed carefully in our search for new sex partners.

“Let’s do it immediately,” I respond. “Perhaps invite them for a four-way right here in our room as soon as they call.”

“Works for me,” she replies and then yawns. A few minutes later we are both out cold.

**** 

Our homework for the weekend is done by ten o’clock in the morning. Fifteen minutes later my phone chirps. A number shows up on my screen with no other information so I know it’s not one of my contacts.

“This is Jodi,” I answer, Zach identifies himself, and I wink at Bonnie.

“So what’s wrong with Darren,” I ask after listening to what he has to say. “Did he break his fingers after we parted company?”

Another pause...

“She’s over it. If he calls, I don’t think she’ll bite his head off.”

Still another pause...

“Sounds good to me, but let me check with her highness and call you right back,” I tell him and smile at Bonnie.

“I gather Darren was afraid to call me,” Bonnie says with a little smile. “What’s on their minds?”

“We’ve been invited to lunch and then go hike the Stanford Dish,” I reply. We’ve done the Dish once with each other and thought at the time it would be more fun with a couple of good looking guys.

“Then we’ll bring ‘em back here and fuck ‘em. Right?” she asks with a wide grin.

“Probably,” I reply with a straight face.

“Then call him back and accept,” she says as her grin changes to a happy little smile.

I place the call and we agree to meet in front of our dorm at noon. That gives us time to shower and change into shorts, tennis shoes, and blouses that show only a hint of cleavage. We survey each other before leaving the room and declare ourselves suitably attired for a first date.

****

The guys pick us up right on time, Darren driving a Jeep Grand Cherokee with Zach riding shotgun. We jump into the back seat and are whisked away to the Palo Alto Creamery. Bonnie and I have heard of it but never been there. It turns out to be a retro-style diner with great milkshakes, cheeseburgers, and fries, which is what we all order and then talk while we stuff ourselves.

Bonnie and I learn that, like the two of us, Zach and Darren have been friends since early childhood. They grew up in Pacific Palisades and their families still live there. We are all a bit intrigued to discover that the four of us have lived less than twenty miles apart for most of our lives.

When our meals are finished, Bonnie and I excuse ourselves to go to the ladies room.

“If these guys work out...” I begin.

“...we’ll probably be able to see them when we’re home on breaks,” Bonnie interrupts.

“Exactly. And if their families live in the Palisades, they aren’t paupers.”

Our parents are well off too. Money itself is not the issue, but we are aware that socio-economic differences can put a strain on relationships, particularly new ones. We’re both grateful that there will be one less distraction if things get serious.

“Have you noticed that these guys are somehow even better looking than they were yesterday? Bonnie asks with a smile as she applies a hint of lip gloss.

“Funny you should mention that. I thought it was just my imagination,” I respond with a grin. “Let’s go for a hike.”

The Stanford Dish Loop Trail as nearly four miles long. It is named for the large radio telescope that is clearly visible from the paved trail. Aside from the dish itself, the main attraction is the great variety of wild flowers that are often in bloom. The weather is perfect and we all find each other’s company to be very pleasant.

We’re in no hurry, so we end up strolling rather than hiking. Others pass us from time to time but the trail is not crowded and we often seem to have all of it to ourselves. There are several places to stop and rest so we avail ourselves of most of them. All in all, it is the most pleasant time either Bonnie or I have spent with a member of the opposite sex in a long time.

It takes us nearly four hours to complete the loop, arriving back at Darren’s Cherokee at a little after five o’clock.

“How hard would it be to talk you ladies into joining us for dinner tonight?” Zach inquires as we get into the car.

“Consider it done,” I reply without even glancing at Bonnie. I know she’s on board. “But we’ll need to shower and change clothes first.”

“We do too. Why don’t we drop you off at your dorm and pick you up again at seven o’clock,” Darren suggests.

“Perfect,” Bonnie responds. “What kind of place are you taking us?”

“It’s a secret, but if you wear dresses they won’t be out of order.” 

****

As much as we enjoyed being with Zach and Darren today, Bonnie and I have no intention of having sex with them tonight. But we do want them to stay interested. Anticipating a situation like this, we each brought along the outfits we wore when Mitch fucked us the last time and keep them hanging up in our armoires. 

After showering, applying minimal makeup, and carefully grooming our hair, we get dressed and survey the results. My wraparound dress has a flower print with a lot of green to complement my red hair and I’m wearing simple flat sandals to match. Bonnie is wearing a bright yellow wraparound that is perfect for her tawny Mediterranean skin. Matching two-inch wedge heels bring her up to my height. Both dresses are cut low enough to show a generous amount of cleavage and the mid-thigh hemlines display just the right amount of bare leg. We look good and we know it.

The guys are leaning against a Mercedes sedan that apparently belongs to Zach. Both are nicely dressed; sport jackets, open-collar shirts, khaki slacks, and Topsiders. When we appear in the entryway of our dorm, they stand upright and stare at us in open admiration.
