 I have to say that my life is going pretty well. Good job, great wife and daughter, a decent car, and a wonderful home. Although I am happy and won't ever do anything to change these things, I will admit to a few fantasies that I've harbored for a few years now. One of my favorite fantasies I toss around is of one of my sisters-in-law. For the sake of a wonderful marriage and out of respect for my wife, I will never let this happen. It won't, however, keep me from reenacting my fictitious story in my head when I'm alone. 

My wife and I met more than 10 years ago when we were both in college. After a few years of dating, we settled down, got married, and had a child. She was the oldest of six (two sisters and three brothers). For the first few years I knew my wife, her sisters were both young, gangly, and awkward and I was never really attracted to them. As all three sisters grew older, they have all grown increasingly more beautiful. It's not a stretch to say that the beauty my wife now possesses is shared by both of her sisters. For several years now, it is the middle sister that has grown on me and is the object of my lustful fantasies.

As we all settled down, her middle sister, Lisa, also married and had a child. They moved a few miles away from us and we frequently visit each other's homes for our daughters to play. I usually see them at least 4 or 5 times per week. A few weeks ago, Lisa spent a few hours at our house to relax after work while the girls played. While they were napping, my wife, me, and Lisa put in a workout dvd that the girls like to use to keep in shape. It wasn't exactly the beer and the game that I was hoping for, but I could use a little exercise here and there too. 

Lisa had borrowed an amazing looking pair of black yoga pants, a loose-fitting, low-cut pink workout shirt and some tennis shoes that I bought for my wife. Without getting caught staring, I thought I could see the nubs of her nipples through her shirt. One of the first few exercises that came up was push-ups. Our living room is very small, so we each put our heads in the center and dropped into position. After three of four push-ups, I peaked my head up to see if I could get a glimpse of my secret fantasy girl. I nearly fell to the floor as I looked up and saw Lisa's breasts down the top of the pink shirt. Just like my wife, Lisa has a beautiful pair of natural 34C breasts. I had known this for a while because she frequently left her clothes sitting around at her own home. I almost couldn't control myself from staring at the dark areolas and nipples and well-formed orbs right in front of me. Unfortunately, push-ups finished and I didn't get any further opportunities to see anything. Later that night, and many times since, I'll admit it gave me great pleasure to relive that moment in my head while pleasuring myself. 

Two weeks ago, I was on my way home from a long day at work when she called me on my cell phone. She asked if I could come over and look at the upstairs sink because it was leaking. Her husband was a very nice guy, but he was always too focused on his church activities to take care of the things in his home (I've always secretly wondered if that included his wife). I told her I would be right over.

When I got there, it was no surprise that her husband was at the church and would be there until late that night. I was tired and wanted to get home, but I definitely don't mind helping Lisa out here and there. I went upstairs to take a look at the sink and noticed that my niece was also gone. Apparently, my mother-in-law took my niece for a few days. Wow, I thought. I'm alone in the house with Lisa. As much as my heart-rate went up, I was too respectful to ever come onto her or do anything inappropriate. That could ruin my whole life. I pushed the thoughts out of my head and went to the bathroom to look at the sink.

I opened the cabinet door and found a puddle of water coming from the p-trap. "Good," I thought. This should be a quick trip to the hardware store to pick up some new ABS pipe and a quick fix. I told Lisa I'd be back and drove off to pick it up. 

When I returned, I grabbed a few of my tools from the truck and walked upstairs. As I walked, I thought I heard the shower running. "Hmm, she knows I'm working up here." Oh well, put it out of your mind. In the past year, with the increased frequency of our contact, the topic of sex had come up a few times. She had told me that she had only recently discovered that one of her best, male college friends was very interested in her. She told us how he came over to spend the night at her apartment and he didn't want to sleep. It was only recently, when he told her that he was madly in love with her all along, that she admitted she had no idea. Apparently, along with beautiful and intelligent, my sister-in-law was hopelessly naïve with regard to sex and relationships. 

Anyways, as I walked into the hallway, Lisa told me she was going to hop in the shower while I fixed the sink. "Don't look while I hop in, ok?" Oh my god. She was standing in front of me wearing only a towel with her beautiful black hair down to her shoulders. It was all I could do to get the obligatory "ok" out. I went to work under the sink and I heard the towel drop behind me. All I needed to do was to lift my head up and look in the mirror. Just a quick peak, I thought. I couldn't though. I heard the shower door close and I started cutting the pipe out.

After I unplugged the saw-zall, Lisa asked me how everything was going. Trying to be friendly, I told her everything was going well. She asked how things with my wife were going and I told her I couldn't be happier. It threw me for a loop when she asked me how the sex was. What do I say to that? "It's pretty good." "Does she really take much time to really pleasure you? It seems like you're always really tense." 

I'll admit, I have been pretty stressed with work lately and I've had more chores than I can imagine, but there weren't any problems sexually. "Are you sure we should be talking about this, Lisa?" "Sylvia isn't here. I won't say anything." I couldn't resist, it's only talking, right? "She does alright. We don't really have much time, so we can't get into anything too kinky like we used to." 

I heard the shower turn off and I turned around. If she's talking like this, maybe she won't be mad if I just peek. "Can you hand me my towel hun?" I could feel myself getting hard as she called me that. My wife didn't usually say casual words like "hun" very often. I handed the towel over the door. "You could have just opened the door and handed it to me." "I don't want to be rude." "It's not like you've never seen a girl before."

It's true. She'd found my wife and my stash of porn a few months ago when we were moving some items around. She opened the door and stepped out onto the mat with her towel wrapped around her. She asked if I could hand her another towel. "Have you ever thought about anyone else?" In all honesty, I really hadn't. I'm a pretty faithful guy and stepping out would ruin everything. "No, I couldn't do that." Lisa turned around and used the other towel to dry off her legs. As she worked her way down to her feet, the bottom of the towel slid up above her curves. I couldn't stop myself from staring at the dark folds between her legs. My erection had certainly reached full tilt and it was difficult not to do anything about it. "You know, I promise I won't say anything, and I know you like beautiful asian women." She stood up and turned around and stepped towards me, wrapping her arms around my neck in a warm hug. She grabbed my hand and pulled it under the towel between her legs. I could feel the warmth of her pussy as she pressed my palm against her shaven flesh. She was as smooth as I've ever felt. "You know you want me. Just come over here with me." 

She pulled my hand free and pulled me towards their bed. As we got to the edge, she turned to me and removed the towel. "Are these what you were trying to see more of when we were exercising." Damn, I thought. She had caught me. I couldn't say anything. "Don't worry, I liked that you were looking at me. John never looks at me anymore. He's always too focused on church. You're always very nice to me. You help me whenever I call and you listen to me when I talk. John never listens either." Truthfully, I felt more like a husband sometimes than John. He wouldn't ever listen to her when she talked. He always told her it didn't serve any purpose to just talk about things. 

She backed herself onto the bed and spread her legs as she pulled me closer. I was still standing in front of her, between her legs. I couldn't believe I was letting this happen. She looked up at me and smiled as she unzipped my manhood from my jeans. "It seems I have my answer right here." She stroked my shaft with one hand and expertly and gently caressed my balls with the other. "Just relax and let me take care of you." 

After a few minutes of one of the best handjobs I've ever had, she removed the rest of my clothes and told me to lay on the bed. I couldn't believe that my beautiful sister-in-law was right next to me, naked as can be. Her body was stunning. 5'-6", maybe 115 pounds, 36C breasts, dark hair, and completely shaved. It was unbelievable. I laid down on my back and she enveloped my pole to the base. I could feel the pressure building and it wasn't very long before I blew every last bit of the seed in me. Amazingly, she never lifted her head off of me and sat up with a mouthful. In all the time I had known my wife, she had never let me come in her mouth. If I hadn't just blown my load, I would have blown it right then as she swallowed every last drop. 

"Will you do that for me?" We rolled over and kissed passionately as I let my hands caress anything I could reach. I let my hands spend quite a while between her legs as I gently massaged her nub between her outer folds. One of the best things I learned from all the porn I had ever seen is that most guys go straight for the clit and overstimulate it. I learned (and have put into practice for many years) that you have to massage it gently with the labia surrounding it so you don't overstimulate her clit. I massaged her gently like this and watched as she began to writhe and bring her hips up off the bed. 

I repositioned myself between her legs and gently kissed the inside of her thighs as I continued my massage. After a while, I inserted a finger or two and brought her to a powerful climax. I looked at the clock and noticed we had spent nearly an hour pleasuring each other. I couldn't help myself any longer. I had to be inside her. I pulled her to the edge of the bed and pressed the now-raging purple head of my erection between the dark outer lips of her pussy. As I separated her lips, I could see the beautiful, light-pink inner folds and pressed my manhood in slowly. We spent the next 20 minutes in several positions, including her on her hands and knees on the edge of the bed. I watched closely as my erection penetrated her sex from behind. As I felt the pressure building, I began to pull out so I wouldn't come in her pussy. She quickly reached back behind her and pulled me back in. She reached back between her thighs and massaged my balls gently as I blew my second load deep within her. I couldn't believe I had just had amazing sex with my sister-in-law. 

We laid on the bed for a few minutes as she wrapped her arms around me. I couldn't be much happier at the moment to have those breasts resting on me. When the phone rang, I realized I had to get going. We cleaned up, took a quick shower, and I got back to finishing the sink. Since then, things haven't really changed much at all. I do stare at her much more frequently now. Occasionally, she'll grab my cock while we're sitting on the couch and nobody's around or I'll reach up beneath her skirt in the kitchen and give her amazing little pussy a little attention. Maybe, one day, I'll get another chance to feel the inside of her again. 

Then again, since it's only a fantasy, maybe it can happen much more frequently and in many other ways.