 I had known Steve and Kelli for a number of years after meeting them through a girl I was seeing for a while. I broke up with that girl, but remained in contact with both Steve and Kelli as their relationship progressed. I had been a guest at their wedding a couple of years ago, and now I met up with them every two or three weeks.

One particular weekend, Steve called me to ask for some help. They were doing some minor renovations to their basement suite and he told me he could use an extra pair of hands. I agreed to help, arranging to come over that weekend.

The day came, and Steve and I flew through the work he had planned for us. By the time dinner was ready, we had been relaxing for a good half hour, looking at the new cupboards we had just installed. Kelli served us dinner, then we decided to watch a movie.

Steve sat in the recliner, his favorite spot, while Kelli and I sat on the couch together. I had always found this seating arrangement a bit strange, but by this point I was used to it. There was plenty of room on the couch for Kelli and I, and probably a couple more people if necessary. Throughout the movie I was surprised when Kelli's foot kept brushing against my thigh as she shifted slightly in her seat. Any other time before that she had managed to avoid any physical contact with me, but for some reason that was not the case that night.

Don't get me wrong, I didn't mind what little contact there was between us. Truth be told, I wish there was a whole lot more. When I first met Kelli my attraction to her was only mild, but in recent months it had grown. It was now at the point where any time I left their house I would wind up going home and masturbating as I pictured her naked body underneath mine. As much as I was friends with Steve, I couldn't help but wonder what it would be like to sleep with his wife.

About halfway through the movie, Steve got up and went to the bathroom. As soon as we heard the door to the bathroom close, Kelli leaned over to my side of the bed and, placing a hand on my thigh, kissed me on the lips. Not sure how to react, I kissed her back before pushing her away.

"What are you doing?" I asked, quietly. "Steve is just around the corner!"

"I know," she replied, "but I couldn't help myself." It looked as though she was just about to explain her actions when the toilet flushed and the door opened. Kelli was back in her seat as quickly as I've seen anyone move, and we continued watching the movie. When the movie ended, I left, receiving a thank-you handshake from Steve and a thank-you hug from Kelli.

The whole drive home I wondered what could have possessed Kelli to kiss me. My follow-up thought to that was my wish that Steve hadn't actually been there. I went home that night imagining how things might have progressed if Kelli and I had been alone, rubbing my hard cock.

The next day at work I received a phone call.

"Hi, it's Kelli," I heard the easily-distinguishable voice announce.

"Hi," I replied.

"Look, I need to explain last night. Steve and I haven't really been having much sex lately, and I've been finding myself horny and frustrated."

"Say no more," I said. "We'll just forget it ever happened."

"No," she said. "I don't want that. In fact, I want to see you alone so we can continue that kiss."

I was shocked, to say the least. I didn't know how to react to this proposition, but after some coaxing from Kelli, I agreed. We arranged to meet at my place the following afternoon while Steve was at work. She told me she would come by after she dropped him off at about four o'clock.

It was just after four the next day when the doorbell rang and I opened the door to let Kelli in.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" I asked. Her response was immediate as she pulled me towards her and kissed me passionately.

"Take me up to the bedroom," she said.

We had barely made it to the bedroom when we started kissing again, this time shedding our clothes as we went. We were both down to our underwear by the time we fell onto the bed. We peeled off our underwear and I ran my hand down the front of her body, rubbing her pussy when I got there.

"You're so nice and wet," I said. She smiled and rubbed my cock for a moment.

"I want you to go down on me," she told me.

"Great idea," I said. I started to kiss my way down her petite body, pausing at her breasts, then made my between her legs. I kissed around her inner thighs at first, then went to work on her nearly-bald pussy. "You taste so good," I said, inserting a finger into her.

"Oh my god!" she said as I rubbed her g-spot with my finger and her clit with my tongue. "I'm cumming!" I continued working on her pussy through her orgasm, bringing her to another one within a couple of minute after the first. "Yes! Oh fuck yeah! Ohhh, yeah!"

After that orgasm, I kissed my way back up her body. I straddled her chest and, after rubbing the head of my cock over her tits, I put it in front of her face. She could tell what I wanted and quickly obliged, taking the head of my cock into her mouth. As she sucked I propped her head up with pillows, making it easier for her to fit a couple of extra inches into her mouth. I knew from some rather candid conversations with her and Steve that she enjoyed giving head, and now I truly believed it. She looked to be in heaven, moaning as she sucked my cock. I let her continue for a few more minutes, then I knew I needed to be inside her. I got off of her and turned her over onto her hands and knees, then positioned myself behind her as she stuck her ass in the air to give me full access. I slid the entire length of my cock into her pussy, amazed at how relaxed she was despite having a tight pussy. I started thrusting in and out in a slow rhythm at first, then building it up.

"Wow!" I said. "You're so fucking tight!" She reached back between her legs and rubbed her clit, moaning in ecstasy as I fucked her. It was a few minutes of this before I felt her tense up as she had her third orgasm of this session. "Get off the bed," I told her. I positioned her in front of the window and bent her over so that she was leaning her hands on the sill. The blinds were angled open, but it was already quite dark outside so there wasn't much risk of somebody seeing us. I got in behind her again and resumed fucking her tight snatch. We continued like this for a few minutes, then she pulled away.

"I want to lay on my back while you fuck me," she said. She climbed onto the bed, then I got in between her legs and went to work, trying to bring her another orgasm. "Oh my god!" she said. "I love your cock!" I kept fucking her hard as I felt her orgasm approach. "Yes! I'm fucking cumming!" Her nails dug into my back as her orgasm hit its peak. "Yes baby!" she said after her orgasm had died down. "Slam my pussy!"

"Yeah, that feels so fucking good!" I said as I fucked her harder. She screamed out loud with another orgasm, then pushed me away.

"Can I taste it?" she asked. I'm sure it was just a rhetorical question, as she pushed me on my back and took my cock into her mouth again. "Do you like that?" she asked, looking up at me.

"It feels amazing," I said.

"You've got such a great dick," she told me. It seemed a strange compliment, but I didn't mind one bit.

"And you certainly know what you're doing with it," I pointed out. She laughed a bit as she took my dick back in her mouth again. I let her suck it for another minute or so, then I pushed her onto her stomach. I mounted her from behind and buried my cock inside her once again.

"Fuck! I'm so wet!" she said. "You're stretching my pussy!" Just a couple of minutes later she came yet again, gasping for air. She must have sensed that Iwas nearing my orgasm, because she gave me her orders for it. "Cum all over me! Pull out and shoot your cum on my ass!"

I did just as she asked, unloading onto her tight little ass as she came down from her orgasm. I collapsed on the bed next to her as she stayed face-down on the bed.

"I can't believe we just did that," she said. "It was so hot!"

I let her shower, then she left for home. So far we've gotten together twice more since then, and I'm hoping for many more.