 Sister In law

"There is no way in hell I am helping that bitch move her shit." 

My wife had decided that "we" were going to help her twin sister move into the new house she had built with her fiance.

"Stephanie's a little bitch who only cares about herself, and she hates me. Why would I do anything for her?" I asked. 

"She is my sister and you will be there to help her out," my wife fired back. I finally agreed to be my sister-in-laws slave that day, hoping it would pay off for me later that night.

My name is Dan. My wife Trish and I have been married for just over a year now. We had been dating and living together for almost five years before I popped the question. Trish is a beautiful busty blond with a nice booty and has huge C-cup tits that fill out everything she wears. She's put on a pound or two so they are a little bigger than when we first met, but her body is still very slim. She was a cheerleader in high school so she has perfect legs and nice, toned calves.

Trish's twin sister Stephanie is little smaller than she is. She has an amazing body with a nice flat stomach. Her tits are smaller than Trish's but she has a tight little ass on her. Steph was the athletic one in high school. She ran track, played volleyball and basketball. She was the athlete while Trish was the hot cheerleader.

Steph lived with her boyfriend Al before they finished building the house together. They were trying to get everything packed for the move in. Al was away for work and wouldn't be back for another two weeks-that's where I came in. Steph and I have never really seen eye to eye. I think she must have saw me as the guy who took her sister away from her. 

We arrived at Steph's house around noon. It was the middle of July and it was extremely hot. I was dying from the heat so I just wore a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. We walked into the house and I knew it was going to be a long day. There was shit scattered all over every room. The kitchen was full of boxes. Every room had clothes covering the floors. 

We searched the two floor house, looking for my bitchy in-law. We found Steph in her bedroom on the bottom floor. She was rummaging through some of her crap, and was covered in clothes. She thanked us for helping her, which was a shock to me. She was never nice. Trish said she liked packing stuff so she would start on the kitchen upstairs. I asked Steph what she needed done first, and she said laundry and handed me a basket. 

I managed to make my way to the laundry room and started sorting clothes. I found a few pairs of panties that didn't get me too excited. Trish always wore thongs, but it looked like Steph was more of a bikini girl. I closed the washer and headed back to see Steph. 

I came around the corner to see Steph sitting with her legs wide open. She had on a very small pair of shorts so I could see almost all of her firm tanned legs. She was leaning forward so I got a good view down her small tank top at her bra-less tits. I scanned her body from top to bottom and could see a little hair poking out of the sides of her yellow panties. When I looked up she was staring right at me. I was busted checking out my wife's twin sister. 

Her eyes locked onto mine. My mouth dropped open, but no words came out. She yelled Trish's name, and I was sure I was about to get the ass chewing of my life. I was surprised when she asked Trish if she needed any help upstairs, but Trish said she was fine. Steph then shocked me again and moved her hands down to her crotch. She never lost eye contact with me as she slipped her fingers inside of her shorts, and started to move them around.

I blinked, trying to make sure this was happening. I could see her hands working, as she looked down my body and locked onto my shorts. I was rock hard by this time and cock was pushing against my shorts. She continued to stuff her fingers into her cunt, and pointed at my shorts. I looked down and saw my hard-on was obvious. 

"Let me see it," she said. 

I was dumb-founded, but wasn't going to turn her down. 

"I haven't seen a cock in over a month," she said. 

I reached down into my shorts and pulled out my eight inches. She gasped, staring right at it and then moved her eyes to mine. 

"I've never seen one that big. Trish said you were huge, but I didn't know she was serious." I walked over and stopped about two feet from her. She stared at my cock, and then up into my eyes. The whole time she was ramming two fingers into her wet cunt. 

"Let me see your pussy," I whispered to her. 

She stared at me and moved her shorts and panties to the side. She had a nice tanned pussy with a little bit of hair. 

"I normally shave her, but I haven't in almost two weeks now," she said. I started to stroke my cock in front of her face as she kept fingering herself. "I'm so horny, I haven't had sex in over a month. We shouldn't be doing this but I need to come. Will you come for me?" she asked.

I started stroking my cock with more purpose now. I wanted to show off for her and show her how turned on she had made me. She moved her hand up to her clit and started stroking it as I stared at her chest. She understood what I wanted and pulled her shirt up so I could see her wonderful, firm tits. Her big round nipples were hard and poking out. She moved her free hand up to her breast and started pinching them with her eyes closed. She moaned and buried two fingers to the second knuckle inside her glistening pussy. Watching Steph's show had me ready to come and I moved my free hand down to cup my balls, and stroked my cock hard and fast. I couldn't believe that I was jacking off with my sister-law watching me fewer than two feet away. Thinking about how dirty and wrong this was had me very excited and ready to orgasm. I moaned and she knew I was getting close to coming. She grabbed me a sock and tossed it to me. 

"Come for me, Dan. Show me how much you like looking at your sister-in-law naked. Do you like my pussy and big tits? Do you like watching me play with my little pussy? Are you thinking about fucking me? Do you want to ram that big cock into me? Does that make you want to come? Come for me." 

That was all I needed and I blasted my come into the sock. She must have had enough too, as she closed her eyes and started to shake and orgasm. She rubbed her pussy hard with fast strokes and started to gasp. 

I could barely stand with the sock still held over my cock. I looked down and saw Steph with her eyes still closed, breathing hard. Just then we heard movement from upstairs. Steph's eyes popped open. It was Trish, and she was coming our way. 

I threw the sock across the room and struggled to fix my clothes. Steph pulled her shirt down and stood up, fixing her shorts. I still had a pretty good hard-on so I grabbed another laundry basket to cover up. Just then Trish rounded the corner. 

"What are you guys up to?" she asked. 

"Dan has been a huge help, and is doing all my laundry. I'm so glad he came," Steph said.

Trish smiled at me and I knew she was happy I was getting along with her twin. If only she knew how well we'd gotten along. 

"He never does laundry for me. He must like you or something, Steph," Trish laughed.

We finished up the day stuffing every box Steph had and I started cleaning out the garage. Steph and I didn't say anything about our little session, and she acted like nothing happened. She did catch me staring at her ass again, and she bent over and pulled down her shorts, showing off her sweet cheeks. Other than that, the packing went on like normal. We decided to call it quits around nine o'clock; we were all tired, hungry and wanted to sleep. 

On our way home, Trish and I stopped by a fast food place. As we ate, Trish mentioned that Steph and I seemed to get along great. 

"She was nice to me so that helped." "It's got to be tough on her, not having Al around to help out on things. I'm sure she could use his help with a lot of stuff," I said. 

"Yeah, she does. This whole move has been a bitch for her. That, and she's been whining about how she hasn't gotten any attention. She told me she hasn't had sex in a month. I guess Al doesn't get turned on as easily as you. Steph said when they do finally fool around, Al is sweet and only makes love to her. He doesn't get rough with her," Trish said.

"Well, that's not a problem for you, babe." I leaned over and kissed her. 

We got home and went straight to bed. I was half-asleep when I felt my wife's hand on my cock. 

"You were such a good boy today, I figured I would give you a treat." 

"Oh yeah? What if I just tease you instead?" I said. 

"Like hell you will. You're going to put my legs above my head and pound me tonight," she ordered.

I pushed her down on the bed, then ripped her shirt over her head and yanked off her bra. "You want to be my little slut tonight?" I asked her. 

She moaned back at me as I hooked my fingers around her bottoms and thong. I pulled them off to see her smooth pussy staring back at me. I moved my mouth down, but Trish grabbed my head and said she didn't want me to lick her. She pulled me in towards her instead. 

I got on my knees between her legs picking them up by the ankles to spread her wide and told her, 

"Put it in." 

Trish put my cock at the entrance of her pussy and I slid in gently, deeper and deeper until our pubic bones touched. She wiggled against me, making sure I was all the way inside her and adjusting to my size.

"That's where your cock belongs."

I moved in and out of her as deep as I could get. Trish moved her legs onto my shoulders and pulled them back towards her chest. I leaned forward and grabbed her huge tits. I started to pinch her nipples as I moved into her fast and hard. After making her nipples nice and hard, I moved my hand down her flat belly to tease her clit.

Trish moaned as my fingers found their target. I moved my thumb in circles over her clit, pushing hard at first and then softening up. She loved every bit of it and started to talk dirty to me.

"Rub that little pussy. Your making me so wet. Make me come hard for you."

I followed orders and concentrated on making her orgasm. I felt her pussy tighten around my cock, and I knew she was getting close. She was breathing fast and kept begging me to fuck her harder. I rammed into her with full fast strokes, sending her over the edge. I felt her pussy spasm around me and get very wet. Her muscles clamped down on me hard as she came. She stopped me, and panted hard, trying to catch her breath.

After a few minutes, I rolled off of my wife and lied down onto the bed. I figured she was done for the night, even though I was still hard and hadn't come yet. 

Then she surprised me and got on her knees, bent over and pushed her ass in the air. 

"Your not done with me yet. Pound me doggy style, babe," she begged. 

I got behind Trish and looked down at her round booty. I slid into her, but I teased her, moving slow and only pushing my cock about half-way inside her. She kept trying to push back against me but I would move away from her. She started to beg. 

"Don't be like Al. I want you to fuck me." she said. 

"You want me to fuck you like Steph wants to be fucked?" I asked. She was quiet for a minute and I thought I might have gone too far. Then she moaned. 

"Fuck me like Steph wants. Pound my pussy so hard I can't walk tomorrow. Punish this little girl."

I looked down at my wife's ass and started thinking about Stephanie. I imagined it was her ass that was up in the air, and her face in the pillow. I slammed my cock into Trish and pulled her hips back to me. I rammed it in her as fast and as hard as I could. 

I wanted to come inside Stephanie's pussy. I thought about all the dirty things she said to me that day. I grabbed my wife's ass and looked down at her little asshole. I moved my hand down and stuck my finger into Trish's ass. She started screaming and coming. Her pussy clamped down on me so hard it hurt. I imagined it was Steph's tight pussy. 

Reaching down, I grabbed a handful of Trish's hair and yanked, fucking her as hard as I could. She screamed saying that she couldn't take it anymore. I looked down again at my wife's ass and watched my cock sliding fast into her. I couldn't get Steph's pussy out of my head and that pushed me over the edge. With that thought I blew my load into Trish, cumming harder than I ever had before. I kept moving my hips, pumping into her more and more come. I came for what seemed like five minutes before I stopped panting. 

I stayed there, trying to catch my breath and gain my balance. I felt a wetness start to leak out of my wife. She told me I needed to come out. I popped out of her and she ran to the bathroom with come running out of her pussy. She returned later saying she had never made me orgasm like that before. 

"Come was pouring out of me and onto my legs. What got you so worked up?" she asked. 

I didn't answer and just kissed her. We were about to fall asleep when Trish's phone rang. It was Steph. They had a short conversation, with Trish saying that she couldn't help her tomorrow since she had to work. Then I heard Steph ask if I could help her. Trish asked me and I agreed to stop by after work. 

I lay in bed wondering what could happen at Steph's house with us being all alone. Images ran through my head as I dozed off. Tomorrow should be interesting.

To Be Continued...