 Mom is trying to act nonchalant, but I know she is bothered by my decision to spend the afternoon with Mitch. It's not Mitch himself that is of concern to her, it's just that she is afraid I'll form an emotional relationship with him and end up getting hurt. 

She has told me that she trusts my judgement, and for the most part she does, but doubts linger in her mind where Mitch is concerned. Mitch is a porn star and Mom is a highly successful director at the studio where they both work.

At my request, and after a little handwringing, Mom arranged for Mitch to relieve me of my virginity on my eighteenth birthday a week ago. Mitch did so as a favor to her because of their working relationship. Against astronomical odds, I had an orgasm during the encounter. All my previous orgasms had been self-inflicted. Needless to say that one blew my mind and ultimately caused a seismic change in two people's lives; mine and my best friend Bonnie's.

The event was captured on video, the result of a compromise between my mother and me. I wanted her in the room with me when I was with Mitch. She balked. The solution was for her to monitor what was happening via video feeds. She'd be close by, but not actually in the room. As it turned out, the existence of that video had a profound effect on Bonnie. 

Sex with Mitch was so pleasurable that I asked him if he'd be willing to help her. She'd had sexual intercourse before but with less than satisfactory results. Guys our age are only interested in their own gratification. Mitched readily agreed.

A few days ago, Bonnie and I were attending freshmen orientation at Stanford where we'll be roommates and starting classes in a few days. Stanford allowed the incoming newbies to spend a couple of nights in their assigned rooms to get a taste of dorm life. Our room is at the end of one wing, sharing only one wall with another unit. That suits us just fine since we often masturbate together and have been known to get a bit noisy. The greater the distance between us and our neighbors, the better.

On our first night, I showed Bonnie the video of Mitch doing away with my virginity and the orgasm that occurred a few minutes later. I also showed her a video clip of Mitch fucking a young woman named Dani that had been extracted from a feature length porno flick by my mother.

That's all it took. When I told her I'd asked Mitch if he was willing to help her, and he agreed, she jumped at the chance. But like me, she was reluctant to be alone with a stranger and wanted someone to have her back. Her mother, a wonderful woman in all respects, is nowhere near as open-minded as mine. That left me to perform the duties of faithful sidekick.

The upshot of all this was that Bonnie and I spent an hour or so in Mitch's bedroom yesterday morning; her getting her brains fucked out while I served as chaperone. Mitch has cameras installed in strategic locations throughout the room that recorded the action from a variety of perspectives and transmitted the footage to my laptop.

Mom refused to be involved in Bonnie's sex life but she did install editing software on my laptop, so polishing Bonnie's encounter with Mitch became my job.

It took several hours yesterday afternoon, while Bonnie was napping in exhaustion at her house, to get somewhat proficient with the software and then produce a decent quality product. Mom wouldn't help directly, but she answered questions when I got stumped. All in all, I am pleased with my work and I believe Bonnie will be as well. 

Two other things are worth mentioning. The first is that Mitch expressed an interest in having sex with me again. I agreed, with the proviso that Bonnie's needs be met first. Since Saturday was her day, Mitch and I settled on Sunday for our get-together. Today is Sunday.

The second is that I watched Mitch perform oral sex on Bonnie and reached two conclusions; I want him to do that to me and I want to do it to her. When I confessed yesterday afternoon, with my heart pounding in my ears, she told me that she had become attracted to me in a different way as well. We made a bargain. I would do a final editing job her video, have my tryst with Mitch, and edit that one as well. As soon as possible after moving into our dorm room, we would view the videos together and then experiment with a little girl-on-girl sex.

Her video is now done and I will soon be on my way to Mitch's. His job is to teach me everything he knows about sex, other than anal, so that I can apply what I learn to relationships with other guys in the future. Mom says Mitch is the best in the porn business. He also works as a paid escort for upper class women looking for a little action. I couldn't ask for a better teacher.

Mitch understands his role and has no more interest in a romantic relationship with me than I have with him. Mom is worrying for nothing, but that's often what mothers do.

Mitch and I will have about four hours together today. He told me he recovers quickly, so I expect to get fucked in a lot of different ways. Based on my earlier experience with him, I'll surely have several exquisite orgasms.

****

I have prepared carefully. I'm wearing a flower print wraparound dress with a lot of green in the pattern to complement my red hair and simple flat sandals to match. The dress displays a bit of braless cleavage and a lot of leg. I've chosen the crotchless panties that Bonnie gave me for my birthday.

I've showered, shaved my legs, trimmed my pubic hair, and brushed my hair to a high luster. I'm wearing no makeup. Bonnie wore a little yesterday and it just got smeared. 

After one last look in my full-length mirror, I'm ready to go but I suddenly get an attack of the butterflies. Mitch has been a gentleman every time I've seen him, so I have no reason to mistrust him, but I'm about to spend all afternoon having sex with him. Alone. 

"You're a big girl now, Jodi," I murmur. "You're no longer a virgin. By dinnertime you'll be a woman with a lot more sexual experience than you have right now. Take advantage of this situation and enjoy yourself."

I really don't want to run into Mom on the way out the door but it happens anyway. She isn't judging me, but she's still worrying that I'll grow too close to Mitch. We've already had this discussion, so I'm grateful that she doesn't bring it up again.

"Have a nice day honey. Call if you need me,"

"I will Mom. And thanks. Love you," I tell her as I give her a quick kiss.

"Love you too, Jodi."

****

Twenty minutes later I park my new Beemer, a birthday gift from Mom and Luke, behind Mitch's Corvette, grab my laptop, my backpack, and climb the steps to his front door. As I start to ring his doorbell, the door swings open to reveal Mitch already in a short terry cloth robe, a glass of sparkling wine in one hand.

"Come on in," he says, handing me the glass as I cross the threshold. He offered Prosecco to Bonnie and me yesterday but she declined, obviously wanting to get down to business. That's what I want too, but we have plenty of time so I accept the glass.

"Prosecco?" I ask

"Yep," he replies, picks up another glass, and clinks it against mine. "Here's to multiple orgasms."

"I'll drink to that," I respond with a smile and then take a sip, "but can we drink these upstairs?"

"In a hurry are we?" Mitch asks, a wide grin splitting his face.

"Not really," I lie with a nervous little smile. "But I'd just as soon be upstairs, assuming you don't have anything planned for down here."

"I don't. Are you nervous?"

"A little," I admit. Oral sex has been on my mind most of the morning. Rear entry sex too. Bonnie enjoyed both yesterday and I'm hoping Mitch will do that to me.

"Don't be. You have nothing to fear. You're safe here and I'm going to take good care of you."

"Thank you Mitch, but I'm not worried about my safety with you. It's just that I know we're going to do things I've never done before."

"That's the point, isn't it?"

"Yes, it is. I just need to get control of my jitters."

"The Prosecco will help," he assures me as he grabs the bottle and gestures toward the stairs.

"I'm sure it will," I tell him as I begin my ascent. "Just one glass though. More than one might dull my senses and I don't want that to happen."

"Me neither," he responds with a laugh.

When we arrive at his bedroom, Mitch relieves me of my laptop, fires it up, and makes a few rapid keystrokes. Apparently satisfied, he puts the computer on his dresser and leads me by the hand over to the chairs that Bonnie and I occupied yesterday; her only briefly, but me for the hour or so it took him to fuck her into a semi-conscious state. Gesturing for me to take the one that had briefly been her throne, he sits in the other.

I set my backpack down beside the chair and glance over at one of the night tables. Several condom packets are on display.

"Are all those for me?" I ask with a mischievous little smile as I point to them.

"Of course," he replies, grinning widely. "Now, how's Bonnie?" 

"She's just fine," I reply, taking a sip of my wine. I like the taste. "You exceeded her expectations by a wide margin. She still can't believe her good fortune."

"I'm glad she feels that way and I hope you feel the same by this evening," he tells me, looking me directly in the eye.

"I'm sure I will," I respond, looking back at him over the rim of my glass as I take a final sip before setting it aside. I want to get started, having decided that only action will chase away my butterflies, not alcohol.

Mitch gets the hint. Rising to his feet, he takes both glasses and the bottle over to his dresser where an ice bucket sits in readiness. The ice makes a nice sound as he settles the bottle inside. 

"Perhaps we can have a little more later on," he says as he returns to stand briefly in front of me before dropping to his knees. My heart begins to pound. This is how he started things yesterday with Bonnie except that she was naked and I am fully clothed. I don't know what's expected of me, so I sit passively, waiting to see what Mitch is going to do.

What he does is slowly run his hands under my dress and up my legs to gently stroke the outside of my thighs. I suspect he's checking for panties. I'm a little embarrassed to tell him they're crotchless, so I remain silent. 

He continues for a minute or so, looking into my eyes the entire time. His touch is gentle, soothing, and his hands are warm. I shift slightly in my seat. I want more.

Perhaps he can read my mind because he slides his hands down to my ankles and, one at a time, removes a sandal and sets it aside. Then, in a surprise move, he gently lifts one leg and drapes it over the arm of the chair. Seconds later he does the same with my other leg and slowly folds the hem of my dress up above my navel to reveal my upper thighs and panties. A small smile appears on his lips as he looks down at my exposed pussy. Knowing what he's going to do next, I watch him lower his face between my thighs, and then close my eyes, waiting for him to make contact.

A shock races through my body as he slowly runs his tongue up and down my slit several times, barely brushing my clit. I let out a soft moan as he does it again with more pressure. My last coherent thought is that I know where all the cameras are. What he's doing to me will only be captured by the unit concealed in the little box on his dresser, and that one is on the opposite side of the room. Only his back will be visible in the video, a minor disappointment that is soon lost in the sensations he is causing.

My cries fill the room as he licks, sucks, and nips at the most sensitive flesh on my body. I have never felt anything like this. I am lost in a dizzying fog of pure pleasure. An ember deep inside me grows into a small flame, then a bright fire, and finally a raging inferno as the most powerful orgasm of my life seizes control of my body. I cum with a loud wail and then quickly push his face away, my nerve endings suddenly too sensitive for contact. Mitch understands. Pulling back, he begins to kiss the insides of my thighs while he resumes stroking my legs.

A lifetime later, I regain control of my breathing and once again become aware of my surroundings. My legs are still draped over the arms of the chair and Mitch is still kissing the insides of my thighs. I let out a long sigh of contentment and let my head fall against the chair back. Opening my eyes, I find myself looking up at the ceiling and a smile quickly appears on my face. I am looking at a small camera directly above us. It is identical to the one that looks down on the center of Mitch's bed. Everything that just happened has been perfectly captured on video.

"That's the sixth camera," he tells me. "Didn't need it yesterday."

Now I understand the importance of the chair placement. He's done this before and I'm glad. It reinforces the notion that he is an expert and reassures me that whatever else he does to me today will have been carefully choreographed in the past. 

"Help me sit up please." I'm having a little trouble getting my motor functions in order.

Mitch gently moves my legs back into a normal position with my feet on the floor. Then, in an oddly tender manner, he pulls the hem of my dress back down onto my thighs and smooths it in place before coming to his feet.

"Would you like some of your wine?" he asks.

"Yes please." 

"You might as well finish that," he tells me as he hands me the glass and takes a seat in the other chair. "It will be a while before you have an opportunity for more."

I know what he means and my heart rate goes up, so I finish it in a gulp and rise, a bit unsteadily, to my feet. Mitch starts to set his glass aside.

"Stay put," I tell him "and enjoy your wine for another minute or two."

It's not really a strip tease because I don't know how, and I'm only wearing two articles of clothing, but I do my best. I want him to get a good look at my body. He saw me naked on my birthday, but he was close by my side. I know I look good, so it is important that he see all of me on display before we begin the second act.

Standing in front of him and taking my time, I slowly untie the little cloth belt that holds my dress in place and pull the material aside to expose my breasts. They are high and firm with prominent pink nipples. When I brush a thumb across each one, it leaps to attention. Mitch is looking at them with obvious admiration.

Slowly sliding the dress off one shoulder at a time, I let it drop to the floor. All that remains are my panties. I step away from the dress and do a slow turn, shaking my head so that my long red hair shimmers as it cascades down my back. When I am facing him once again he is smiling up at me.

Slipping my fingers inside the waistband of my panties, I ease them slowly down over my legs, step free of them, and then hold them up in the air with the crotchless feature in plain view.

"How did you know they were crotchless?" I ask him as I drop them on top of my dress. "It would have been awkward if they weren't since you'd already draped my legs over the arms of the chair."

"I didn't know," he answers with a grin, "but I was prepared to deal with normal panties."

"How?"

"With this," he says as he pulls a pen knife, the blade already open, from the pocket of his robe.

"Seriously? You were going to cut them off?" I ask, laughing at the prospect.

"Yes."

"Then you would have had to reimburse me for a replacement pair," I tell him with a straight face.

"Not a chance," he replies, smiling back at me.

"Then I would have told my mother what you did and she'd have your next paycheck garnished to cover the cost," I inform him with a smile of my own.

"Maybe," he says, no longer smiling. My smile fades as well.

"I think it's time for you to fuck me," I announce.

"Not just yet. I have something else in mind first," he counters as he rises to take my hand.

****

I am lying on my back in the middle of Mitch's bed. He is on his side facing me. My head is cradled in the crook of his arm. His free hand is gently caressing my breasts, paying special attention to my swollen nipples. I can feel myself lubricating heavily, ready for whatever he intends to do to me.

Sensing that I am ready, he slides his hand down between my thighs to cup my pussy. I open my legs wider to allow better access and then pull his head down for a kiss.

Mitch used his fingers on my pussy before he took my virginity, but he was understandably gentle then, proceeding cautiously, doing only what was necessary to get my lubrication flowing. This time, he suffers under no such restraints.

Other than my birthday, I've never been touched down there by anyone, at least not when I was naked. I allowed my ex-boyfriend to stroke my pussy on the outside of my shorts, but that was it. Mitch now has a couple of fingers inside and is beginning to move them around. Like everything else he has done to me, I've never felt anything like this before.

For several minutes he gradually becomes more aggressive, pausing occasionally to circle my clit with his fingertips but not making direct contact. From time to time I cry out softly in response to something he's doing and thrust my hips upwards, trying to signal that I want more. When I'm not being noisy, we're kissing.

I'm going crazy now. I decide to demand that he fuck me so I terminate a kiss and pull my head back. Just as I open my mouth, he does something with his fingers that causes me to let out a sharp yelp. Then he does it again. And again. Something is happening up behind my pubic bone. I don't know what he's doing, but I do know that I'll cum quickly if he keeps it up.

As if reading my mind, Mitch rapidly increases the speed and pressure of his finger movements. Within seconds, the thrill of impending orgasm wells up inside me. I bury my face against the side of his neck and let out a prolonged wail as my body trembles violently in release. Instantly, he stops stroking and returns to gentle manipulation of my labia, still avoiding direct contact with my clit. I continue to cling to him fiercely through a series of aftershocks that gradually lessen in intensity. Eventually, I am able to breathe evenly and form words.

"What did you just do to me?" I whisper.

"You just had a g-spot orgasm," he whispers back.

"Never heard of it."

"I'll explain later. Just rest for a little while."

"Then you'll fuck me?"

"You have a lot to learn. I'm going to make love to you, but fucking will certainly be involved," he replies with a grin.

****

Mitch has just explained to me that we will be using the missionary position, the same as we did on my birthday. We'll be experimenting so I can have exposure to different techniques that can be used in that most common form of fucking. 

Once again I am lying on my back in the middle of Mitch's bed. I have my legs open wide with my knees drawn back, ready to receive him. He is kneeling between my thighs. I watch as he rolls a lubricated condom down the length of his stiff cock. He has been hard for a long time, but has waited patiently while I enjoyed two shattering orgasms, both the result of his careful efforts on my behalf. 

"Fuck me," I tell him with a smile.

"Guide me in."

Because of my extremely limited experience, I would not have thought to do something like that. The idea intrigues me so my smile morphs into a wide grin as I reach down to grasp him. He moves forward slightly and I slowly slide the head of his cock up and down my labia a couple of times and then stop at exactly the right spot. 

Mitch slowly eases into me. I like touching his shaft with my fingers so I maintain contact until he is almost completely buried inside me. At the last instant I let go so he can complete his entry. The feeling is sublime, different from the first time with him on my birthday, and I moan softly in response to the delicious sensation of slow penetration
