 Last week I had taken some vacation from work. I was outside doing some yard work; it was a hot humid afternoon. I noticed the lady across the street, her name is Lori, was putzing around in her yard also. Now to say Lori is a vision would be an understatement, long blond hair, deep green eyes, full pouty lips and a body that had to be made in heaven. She was wearing very tight shorts, and a tank top that did nothing to hide her full breasts. She was looking at a large planter in her front yard. She called me over to ask if I would help her move around to the back. I didn't even hesitate; spending some time with this vision of a woman would be a vacation all in itself.

As we bent down to pick up the planter, I was treated with a view of one of the nicest sets of tits I have ever had the privilege to set my eyes on, I must have been very obvious as when I looked up at her face she had a devilish grin on her face, and asked in a very husky voice if I was ready. As we lifted the planter, I watched, as her body strained with the weight, to say I was getting turned on at this point, would also be an understatement. 

As we carried the planter to the back, we started to sweat with the exertion. I noticed tiny beads of perspiration forming on her upper chest and dripping down between her tits, wishing I could follow every one of them with my tongue. We got to where she wanted the planter and set it down. She asked me if I would like to come inside for a glass of lemonade. When we got inside it was a lot cooler, which caused her nipples to strain against the thin, damp fabric of her tank top. All in all a very erotic sight. She walked up to me as I drank and said, "that was a lot harder than I thought it would be", and as she ran her fingers down my chest to my crotch she said, "but so is this". She started unbuttoning and said, "you did something nice for me, so now I will do something nice for you". She slid my shorts down my legs and as my hard cock came into view, she moaned and started licking up and down the length of my shaft. She said, "oh my, what a nice big cock you have", and took the head into her full pouty lips. I mean to tell you if heaven is any better than how that felt, I am willing to die today! She took more and more of my throbbing cock into her mouth, pumping it in and out between those full lips, my legs started shaking, I thought I would crumble to the floor. Never have I had my cock sucked so well. It didn't take long until I could feel the cum building, and I said, "I'm gonna cum!" She took my whole cock into her mouth! I could feel her throat closing on the head as I exploded into her sweet mouth. She didn't even flinch, took my whole load down her throat! 

I reached down and helped her to her feet, and kissed her very deeply on those lips that had just serviced my cock so well. Our tongue did a passion dance and I started sliding my hands up and down her luscious body. She pulled away and grabbed my hand. She led me into the living room where I helped her out of her clothes. I laid her back on the leather sofa and kissed her again. I couldn't get enough of those full pouty lips. One hand in her hair as my other hand cupped her huge tits. My thumb and finger found her nipple and as it grew hard she started moaning into my mouth. I started with her face and proceeded to try to lick every inch of the body I had longed for, ever since she moved in across the street. When I got to her nipples I nibbled and tongued each one until it was as hard as a stone. I started downward and I could taste the salty sweat I had seen dripping down her magnificent body. When I got to her pussy, it was wide open and soaking wet. I plunged my face into her hot wet pussy as she gasped out load. I licked and sucked her pussy, nibbled her clit, ran my tongue up and down the length of her wet slit. I even tongued her ass, her hips bucked and she ground her hot cunt into my face. She tasted soo fuckin good! As she came her juices flowed out onto my face and ran down the crack of her ass, puddling under her on the couch. Both of her hands had a hold of my head as she ground her wet pulsing pussy into my face. She was screaming "fuck me, put that cock in my pussy, oh god fuck me now!" 

Now you know I like helping out the neighbor lady, so I wasted no time in putting my hard cock at the entrance to heaven. As I did she wrapped her long legs around my waist and my cock slid deep into her oh, so tight, so wet pussy. As I buried my cock in her, her orgasm didn't seem to stop, but just grew more intense. She screamed "oh fuck me, fuck me hard and fast, fuck me, fuck me please!" as I pounded that pussy with my cock. I could hear the wet sounds her cunt was making from the pounding I was giving her, and she just seemed to keep cumming. We were fucking like animals as I felt the cum again boiling in my balls, which were slapping against her, by now soaking wet ass. I exploded inside her grasping pussy as she started to sob into my chest. We collapsed in a heap on her couch, as we came down from the high. I was stroking her hair and telling her how hot she is as we fell asleep in each other’s arms. We awoke to the sound of the doorbell. Lori looked out the window to see who it was, and with a sly grin opened the door, butt naked! In came a lady I recognized from up the street, Lori embraced her gave her a long sexy kiss and told her "if you need any yard work that needs done we could come down I have found the perfect helper"...but that is another story....