 He rang the doorbell. He was a bit worried.

His girlfriend said she wanted to tell him something important and he was afraid she might want to break up with him.

She had been acting weird lately, as if she was hiding something.

He knew it was kind of paranoid of him, but to be honest he had never really felt as if he was good enough for her. 

As the door opened, he was reminded why.

There stood his girlfriend, in all her beauty. She was wearing a black t-shirt, that showed a generous amount of cleavage, and a pair of tight, black pants.

She also wore a choker, which emphasized her pale, beautiful neck.

She was curvy and petite. She had a pretty, round face and amazing, piercing blue eyes.

Her breasts were large and inviting, under her shirt. Her legs, while not especially long, were elegant and strong.

Her dark blonde hair was tied behind her back, with just a couple of elegant locks falling on her face.

She smiled at him and welcomed him with a warm kiss.

He followed her inside, looking at her nice, round ass as she walked.

She turned around and gave him a naughty, knowing look.

"Come with me, I want to tell you this thing right away!"

Well, she seemed happy to see him and cheerful, so it didn't seem like bad news.

He followed her to the sitting room and was taken by surprise when he saw someone else was there, sitting on an armchair.

Someone he had never met.

It was a girl of about their age, in her mid 20s. She was a brunette with slightly darker skin than his girlfriend. She was also taller and more on the skinny side, though she had a nice pair of tits (not as impressive as his girlfriend's, though).

She was wearing a white t-shirt and a black skirt. 

She smiled at him and he raised his hand politely.

"Hello."

"Hi."

His girlfriend put her arm around his waist and smiled, looking from one guest to the other.

"Honey, this is Michelle."

The other girl smiled in a manner which seemed a bit weird, to him. It was as if the two girls were sharing a private joke he did not know. He felt a little uncomfortable, as he smiled awkwardly.

He didn't say anything, but his girlfriend broke the silence again.

"She attends my same university. She's one year in front of me."

"Ah, right. Another nerd, then."

The two girls giggled and he started to relax a bit. He had always been good at making girls laugh. He had the impression that without that trait his girlfriend would never have dated him in the first place.

His girlfriend sat down on the sofa opposed Michelle and he sat next to her.

For a while they just chatted away, talking about his job and their studies and other basic stuff.

His girlfriend held his hand and seemed especially affectionate with him. She kept looking at him lovingly.

He had the weird impression that Michelle was also looking at him with a certain interest, but he tried to ignore that thought. It felt inappropriate.

After a while, the conversation slowed down.

He wondered when his girlfriend would tell him this important thing. And what was the plan for the evening.

He had been asked to dress nice (he was wearing black pants and a nice shirt she had given him for Christmas) and he had noticed that both girls looked ready for a night on the town. 

Truth be told, he had hoped he and his girlfriend could spend some time alone, but he could adjust to the situation. Michelle seemed cool enough. 

"So, what do you girls want to do tonight?" He asked them.

The two girls grinned at each other, then his girlfriend turned to him.

"Well, actually... That is what I wanted to talk to you about. Hear me out, OK?"

He nodded, bewildered. What was going on?

"You see, Michelle has recentlybroken up with her boyfriend."

"Oh, I'm- I'm sorry to hear that." He told Michelle, who smiled and shrugged.

"Yeah, they were together for almost four years." His girlfriend went on.

"I see..." He said, getting more confused by the minute.

"Yeah, well, by the end it was pretty bad. They fought all the time and he would often cheat on her."

"Oh. What a prick." He said, sincerely.

The two girls smiled.

"Also, Michelle told me that he was never that great in bed."

He felt embarrassed and looked over at Michelle, but she was unfazed and didn't seem to mind how his girlfriend was telling him all this. She shrugged again.

"He wasn't. He kind of sucked, actually."

"I... I see."

A sneaking suspicion was starting to grow inside of him, but he tried to ignore it.

"We started talking about it." His girlfriend told him. "During the last weeks we talked about it a lot. About relationships in general. And sex."

He scratched his face, nervously.

"And she asked me about you. About how good you were in bed, if at all."

He felt himself blush, but his girlfriend caressed his knee and kept on smiling.

"I told her how great you are in bed. How you make me come... well, almost every fucking time."

He felt embarrassed, but he was also feeling proud and a little aroused. It was pretty hot, being praised like that in front of another girl. He glanced at Michelle, who now looked positively mischievous.

"You see, your girlfriend went into quite some detail." Michelle told him. "And I can't deny that I felt rather...envious."

He was starting to feel real hot all over. He was afraid he might get a boner. This really seemed to be heading where he thought it was.

His girlfriend stroked his thigh and kissed his ear.

"So..." Michelle went on. "I asked her if she'd be willing to share you with me."

Michelle now looked at him. She had big, brown eyes.

"If I could finally find out what a good fuck feels like."

His girlfriend nibbled on his ear, making him shiver. Then, she whispered into it.

"I said yes, if you were willing to."

He looked at his girlfriend, then at Michelle, then back at his girlfriend.

His girlfriend smiled at him, Michelle was attentive, almost serious.

They were looking at him, waiting for an answer. They were both very hot.

A sudden thought entered his mind. Was this some kind of joke? Or a prank? A way to test how faithful he was, perhaps?

He took a quick glance at his girlfriend's cleavage, then at Michelle's earnest expression

Fuck it, it was worth the risk.

"Sure. I... OK."

They cheered and got up immediately.

His girlfriend pulled him up.

"Well, get a move on, then!"

She pulled him towards the bedroom, as Michelle followed.

As soon as they entered the bedroom, his girlfriend pushed him on the bed. She was rarely this aggressive, during sex. He was getting rather turned on.

His girlfriend climbed on the bed on all fours, her boobs swinging as she approached him.

Michelle looked at them, a little nervously.

"Tell you what, Michelle." Said the girlfriend. "I'll start, then you can join us, alright?"

Michelle nodded and smiled, she was getting red and flustered. She seemed rather horny.

The girlfriend smiled at him and started caressing the bulge in his pants.

He looked nervously towards Michelle, who was now starting to undress.

"It's OK." Smiled the girlfriend. "You can look at her, if you want. I'll get started..."

She unzipped his pants and pulled down his underpants. His cock popped out and she started stroking it.

"Nice! " Said Michelle, appreciatively. She was now in her underwear. She wore a blue bra and matching panties. She was skinny, but she had a nice pair of boobs and firm, athletic ass.

He was starting to feel very aroused. His girlfriend started stroking harder.

"You like her, don't you?" She grinned at him. 

She turned to Michelle.

"Oh, you'll see. He's not fully hard, yet."

Michelle smiled.

"Holy shit."

The girlfriend kept stroking him with one hand. With the other, she took out her boobs and started fondling them.

He looked back and forth, from one girl to the other. His cock had gotten rock hard, it throbbed in the blonde girl's hand. Aroused, he wondered when Michelle would join.

His girlfriend stopped stroking him briefly, as she stripped hastily. She was now wearing only her panties and choker. She was smoking hot. Her body was softer and curvier than Michelle, more welcoming.

He took off his shirt and pants, as his girlfriend sat up and took Michelle's hand.

"Come here, baby. Join in."

Michelle sat on the bed. The girlfriend took her hand and gently placed it on his throbbing cock.

He grunted slightly, as Michelle's cold hand touched him.

Together, his girlfriend and Michelle slowly stroked him.

"Your boyfriend's cock is big." Michelle said, sounding delighted.

"You bet it is." She replied.

He closed his eyes, enjoying the feeling of their two hands caressing him.

"My ex's dick was way smaller than this." 

"I bet. Come here."

He heard kissing sounds and opened his eyes.

The girlfriend had started making out with Michelle who, after a moment of surprise, started kissing back.

Meanwhile, they kept stroking him. Slowly.

He watched them kiss, resisting the urge to thrust his cock between their hands.

His girlfriend released his cock and went to take off Michelle's bra.

Now they both sat, wearing only their panties, in front of him. 

One curvy and pale, with large, alluring breasts.

The other tight and athletic, with firm, perky boobs and dark hair.

His girlfriend started fondling Michelle's breasts with both hands. Soon, Michele was doing the same. They sat there, kissing each other and feeling each other's tits.

He started stroking his cock, enjoying the view of the two girls making out.

After a while, they stopped and looked at him. They were both smiling. Their eyes were dazed and their lips were humid.

His girlfriend slapped his hands away and grabbed the base of his cock. Then she gently pushed Michelle's head towards it.

"Come on, Michelle. Have a taste."

Michelle looked at her.

"Can... Can I?"

The girlfriend smiled and pushed her closer to his throbbing cock.

Michelle looked at him, nervously. Then she smiled and got to work.

She was a bit clumsy at first, he guessed that she didn't have a lot of experience. But she was enthusiastic and she soon started to really get into it.

She licked the head of his cock, licked his shaft, rubbed it all over her face.

His girlfriend gave her pointers and kept the hair off her face with her beautiful, petite hands.

"That's it, Michelle. Try and swallow it all... Lick the tip, they fucking love that..."

He looked at Michelle and started touching her boobs with one hand, while he stroked his girlfriend's with his other.

Soon, his girlfriend couldn't resist any longer. She gently pushed Michelle away, winked at him, and started sucking him off herself.

She closed her eyes and moaned from the bottom of her throat, as if she was enjoying herself immensely. Michelle watched them stroking her pussy inside her panties.

After a few minutes like that, the girlfriend had Michelle join her.

He had to use all his determination to not come straight away, when both their tongues started licking his shaft.

After a few minutes, he was starting to feel close to coming. Both girls were kissing him, sucking him, licking him. At one point, they started making out with his cock between them and he felt his cock stirring, dangerously close to exploding.

His girlfriend noticed and had Michelle stop.

"We better stop for a second, or he'll cum. I can see him getting close. His cock is about to explode."

Michelle, disappointed, looked at him. He nodded.

"Sorry. Give me a second."

"Besides!" Proclaimed his girlfriend, grabbing on Michelle's panties and taking them off. "This is supposed to be about YOU. So get ready, in a minute he's going to fuck you properly. Like you deserve."

He looked at his girlfriend and could not help asking.

"Babe, are you sure? I mean-"

She put her hand on his mouth.

"Shhh. I'm sure. I cannot wait, actually. But you better make her cum, or I won't suck your dick for a month."

She looked at Michelle, who was now blushing.

"And neither will she." His girlfriend added, with a naughty smile.

He tried to relax and calm down. His cock felt very sensitive and he didn't want to ruin this.

His girlfriend had gotten rid of her own panties and had gone to sit on a char nearby. She was really going to see this as a spectator, it seems.

"Oh." She added. "By the way, no kissing. Only fucking."

Michelle nodded. It seemed they had agreed to this previously.

He nodded, too.

After a couple of minutes, he felt ready.

Michelle lay on the bed. She was clearly nervous.

He got on top of her, feeling awkward.

For a moment, they didn't know how to start. Then, his girlfriend took control.

"Come on now, guys."

She approached them and placed one hand around his cock and one on her pussy.

"You're nice and hard and you're nice and wet. Good."

He gently pulled his dick towards her clit and started rubbing them against each other.

Both him and Michelle moaned. The girlfriend smiled and kept massaging them using each other's body.

After a while, she inserted the head of his cock inside Michelle's pussy. Michelle moaned.

His girlfriend sat back on the chair and enjoyed the scene, as she masturbated slowly.

At first, he started real slow. He did what he always did with his girlfriend, and Michelle seemed to be enjoying it.

He supported his weight with one arm, as the other held on to Michelle's firm ass.

After a while, he started going faster.

Michelle moaned, her eyes closed.

"You like that?" He asked. He was starting to really get into it.

"Oh, yeah. Yeah..."

He kept going at the same pace. If there's one thing he had learned with his girlfriend, is that girls did not like being drilled. They liked regular, deep motions. 

He took his time, concentrating hard on not coming too soon. 

Her ass felt nice and tight under his hand, and her perky boobs jiggled slightly as he kept pushing his cock inside her. She felt incredibly wet, and warm.

After a while, Michelle grabbed his back and pushed him towards her.

"Faster, please. Fuck me, fuck me."

He obliged and started going faster. She moaned and moaned, as if it were one of her first times.

In a way, it was.

"You like that?" He asked her again.

"Yes, please keep going, Just like that."

He kept the same pace. He had to bite his hand to fight a sudden urge to cum. It passed.

"Did your ex fuck you like this? Did his tiny dick satisfy you like mine is?"

"Fuck no. No... This is wonderful."

He smiled and slapped her ass a little, before getting back to work.

There was a time for dirty talk and a time for silence, and now he was just going to focus on making her cum.

After a few minutes, he could feel her tense up. Her breathing was getting faster. He knew she was close.

He looked over at his girlfriend. She was sitting on the chair and masturbating furiously. Her breasts jiggled like mad. She was so hot.

They smiled at each other, when suddenly they heard Michelle come hard. She came for what seemed like whole minute, squeezing his buttocks and moving her hips.

She moaned and moaned, then her body relaxed. He slipped out of her (she shivered) and sat next to her.

After a while, Michelle looked over to his girlfriend. The girlfriend clapped. She had come at least twice, as she watched them and masturbated. She was flustered and her eyes were excited.

"So, how was that, Michelle?"

Michele close her eyes and smiled.

"Awesome!"

She turned towards him.

"Thank you. You're really great in bed."

She looked at his cock, which was still hard.

"And your cock is so big and hard..."

The girlfriend went to sit next to them. She rested her head on his thigh and kissed his shaft.

"Yup. I'm a lucky girl."

He caressed his girlfriend's beautiful, round ass.

"So am I."

His girlfriend laughed and looked at him.

"You bet you are, you lucky fuck."

She sat up and had him get up. She had Michelle sit up next to her.

"And now." Said his girlfriend. "We're gonna titfuck you."

He looked at them, not believing his luck. Their breasts were alluring, glistening with sweat. Their faces hot and excited.

His girlfriend put his cock between them and grabbed on to his ass. So did Michelle. They seemed to like how tight it was

He started thrusting his cock between the two pairs of boobs. The feeling of the soft flesh around his cock was heavenly.

He looked at their eager faces. Then he used his free hands to reach down and squeeze their two asses briefly. His girlfriend was softer, thicker. It drove him crazy.

Michelle's was tighter, but he rather enjoyed how if felt, too.

"Cum for us, baby! Cum for us!"

"Yeah, cum for us! Cover us with with your hot load!"

It didn't take him long to cum. He let out a long, loud groan and his cum squirted all over their breasts, necks and even chins.

He kept thrusting, as the girls giggle and moaned, moving with him.

After a while, he relaxed and had to sit down on the carpet, exhausted.

The two girls laughed, watching him sit down clumsily. Then, they started making out again, tasting his cum and rubbing it into each other's breasts and neck.

He admired this scene, as his penis started to go limp again.

After a while they stopped and looked at him.

"It doesn't end here." Said his girlfriend, as Michelle smiled. "Next time, you're gonna fuck both of us."

"At your orders, babe."

The two girls laughed again, as they headed to the bathroom to wash up.