 *ALL CHARACTERS IN THIS STORY ARE ABOVE THE AGE OF 18*

I walked out of my last class, extremely grateful that I could finally go home for a much needed break. It was Thanksgiving break and I could not wait to get home for a nice home cooked meal. I had already packed everything I needed in my car. I headed straight to my car after class, hopped in and started driving. 

It was about an hour's drive from my college to my house. I called my mother to let her know I was on my way home.

"Hey Mom, I just wanted to let you know I'm on my way home."

"Oh that's great Arnold! I'll be expecting you soon. By the way, did I tell you we got some new neighbors? They seem like a great couple! They asked if we had anyone who would be able to lend a hand with rearranging some things in their house so I told them you would be able to help out tomorrow."

"Okay Mom, I'll help them out tomorrow then," I said as I hung up the phone and continued my drive, a little bit upset that my mom volunteered me. 

When I arrived home my mom walked out of the house to greet me, "Arnold! You look a lot different since the last time I saw you!"

I know I only lived an hour away from home, but I rarely ever visited. My appearance now was much different than it was 3 months ago. I stood at 5'4 with black, wavy hair. My eyes are a deep brown and my skin is tan. 

"You've let your hair grow out, and you've gotten taller!" my mom exclaimed. 

"I know mom. Let's go inside. I just want to relax."

***********************************************

The next day, I was awoken at 10 o'clock by my mom yelling, "Arnold! Wake up! I told the neighbors you'd be at their place by 10!"

Shit. I had forgotten about helping the neighbors. I quickly threw on some athletic shorts and a t shirt. I ran downstairs, grabbed some cereal, put on my shoes, and headed over to my neighbors' house. 

I rang the doorbell as I quickly fixed my hair. The door opened to reveal a stunning woman. She was about an inch taller than I was but was wearing three and a half inch high heels. Her hair was black and down to her stomach. She was wearing a purple V-neck which was complimented by her large breasts. She wore jeans which struggled to contain her large hips. She probably had a 36D-28-42 body. 

I quickly recollected myself, "Hi I'm Arnold. My mom told you I would be able to help you rearrange some things in your house."

"Yes of course! Thank you so much for doing this. Please come in," she said as she motioned for me to come inside. "Please follow me this way to the kitchen. I'm Vanessa by the way." By now we had reached the kitchen. There was a man standing in the kitchen dressed in a suit. "This is my husband, Tom."

"Nice to meet you, Tom. I'm Arnold," I said as I shook Tom's hand.

"It's nice to meet you too Arnold. I don't mean to be rude, but I'm late for work. It was nice meeting you Arnold," Tom said as he started walking out of the kitchen. "I'll be home later tonight Vanessa. I have to stay later since I'm getting to work so late."

"That's fine Tom. Arnold and I will just get to work on rearranging this house."

"Okay. I hope it looks good by the time I get back," said Tom as he shut the door and proceeded on his way to work.

"Okay Arnold," Vanessa said, "Let's start in the master bedroom."

We made our way to the master bedroom. In the bedroom there was a dresser, a TV, two nightstands, and all the parts needed to assemble a bed. "Let's rearrange some of this," Vanessa said.

We put the TV on the dresser and placed it against the center of the wall. Then we started to assemble the bed. It was incredibly difficult to focus because of Vanessa. She would always bend over to get parts which would let me peek down her V-neck. Before too long, I started to get a little hard. I had to focus on assembling the bed. The bed was a king size bed which already had the fitted sheet placed on it.

We finally finished the bed. "Whew! Let's sit down and rest for a second Arnold. I'm pooped," said Vanessa.

"Good idea," I said as I sat on the bed, trying to hide my semi-hard cock. "Can we watch some TV while we rest?" 

"Yes of course!" Vanessa said as she went to turn on the TV. As soon as Vanessa turned on the TV, there was a loud moan. The TV showed a woman being banged by a man in the missionary position. "OH MY GOD!" Vanessa immediately turned off the television. "I am so sorry Arnold. I didn't know that would come on."

"It's fine Vanessa," but my face said otherwise. I was blushing and trying to hide my semi-erect cock.

"I don't think so. Just look at your face! And that... that bulge in your pants.." Vanessa voice trailed off as she walked closer to me. "Stand up," she commanded. I immediately stood up. This shocked me because she had not yet been this commanding. She came closer and then knelt before me. She looked into my eyes as she slowly pulled down my athletic shorts. She then looked at my cock. At this point, my cock was fully erect. My cock was about 6 inches long with a larger than average girth.

"Oh my, Arnold. What a beautiful cock you have," she said as she started to stroke my cock with her hand. "I can't wait to see what it can do." 

With that she fully engulfed my cock with her mouth. I let out a huge moan as she started to jerk off my cock with her mouth. She pulled down her V-neck and took off her bra in one swift motion to reveal her perfect boobs. I started in awe as I felt her warm tongue stroke up and down my shaft. Her boobs were bouncing slightly from how hard and fast she was sucking my cock.

I reached down to grab her nipple and started to play with it. Her other hand went down to her pussy and started to make little circles on her clit. She started bobbing her head faster and faster. "Oh Vanessa, I'm gonna cum if you keep doing that."

To my surprise, she went faster and started playing with my balls. It became harder and harder not to cum. I could feel the warmth of her tongue going up and down my shaft as her head bobbed faster and faster. Her nipple was becoming harder to hang on to as her boobs bounced faster and faster. I couldn't take it any longer. "I'm cumming!" I said as I started pumping cum into her throat. She continued to pump until I finished cumming and then she sucked my cock dry.

"That was a lot of cum Arnold," Vanessa said as she played with my now semi-erect cock. "I hope you have some more because we're far from done. Get naked and lay down on the bed."

I did as I was told. I laid down on my back on the bed as Vanessa quickly took off her clothes leaving nothing on except her high heels, and a thong. She climbed over me on all fours. Then she gently kissed my lips. She kissed me all the way down to my cock. "Oh I love this cock Arnold. I can't wait to have it inside me," She said as she wrapped her boobs around my cock.

She looked me in the eyes as she started pumping. My cock started to become erect again. She was slowly pumping and rotating herself. She rotated until we were in the 69 position. "Go on," she cooed. "I need you to get my pussy nice and wet so I can feel this nice big cock inside me."

I moved her thong to the side and started licking her pussy with long strokes. "Oh yess, that's it Arnold. That feels so good," she said as she took her boobs, which were covered in precum, away from my cock. She took my cock again in her mouth as I started to stick my tongue in and out of her pussy. "Oh yes. Just like that," she said as best as she could with my cock stuffed in her mouth. I started to play with her clit with one of my hands as the other hand held her enormous ass. My tongue started going faster and faster. "Oh my God Arnold. It's too good. I can't hold it anymore. I'm gonna... I'm gonna.. I'm cumming!"

I felt her pussy juices gush over my face as I continued to rub her pussy. She continued to suck my cock as she orgasmed. "Oh that was good Arnold. But I need you to fuck me now." She stood up and got off of the bed. "Get over here." I got off the bed as quickly as I could.

She bent over the side of the bed exposing her dripping wet pussy. "I want you to fuck me like this Arnold." I walked over to her and aligned my cock with her pussy. I watched as I slowly inserted my hard cock into her wet pussy. We both moaned as her pussy took in every inch of my cock. I grabbed her hips and slowly started pumping my cock in and out of her pussy.

"Oh Arnold. Your cock feels so good. I want you to fuck me harder" she said as she stuck her ass out even more to get better penetration. I started quickening my pace. I watched as my cock went in and out of her pussy. Her massive ass was shaking ever time our bodies met. "Fuck me harder Arnold. Make my boobs bounce. Make my big ass shake."

I fucked her harder and faster, doing everything in my power to not blow another load. I watched as my balls slapped into her big ass making waves ripple across it. "Oh yeah. That's it Arnold. Make that ass jiggle. I love it when you make my boobs bounce. Oh God Yes." 

I continued to fuck her and watch her big ass shake all over my dig. "I'm gonna cum Vanessa." In one swift motion, she turned around and was on her knees with my cock in her hands, stroking me.

"Oh your gonna cum again for me baby?" she cooed as she started stroking faster. "I want your cum Arnold. I want your big load all over my titties."

"Oh shit!" I exclaimed as I shot load after load on her big tits. She continued to stroke me until I stopped cumming. 

"Look at all this cum! I love the big mess you made Arnold," she said as she got up and walked over to the TV. She turned on the TV and the porn started playing again. "Lay on the bed again Arnold."

I could not believe how horny this girl was. She was clearly ready for more and I was more than satisfied to deliver. I laid on my back on the bed again. She sucked my cock until it was nice and hard. She then mounted my cock so I could see those glorious cum covered tits. 

"Are you ready Arnold?" She asked as she took my cock in her hand and slowly inserted it in her pussy. We both moaned as she sat balls deep on my cock. She brought one of her nipples up to her mouth and started eat my cum. We listened to the moans of the television as she slowly started riding my cock. 

I watched her lick her boob clean of my cum as she quickened her pace. She took the other boob in her mouth and started licking off the cum. "I love your cum Arnold. It's so sweet and tastes so good." She began to fuck me harder and faster. She finished licking the cum off her boob and then really started to fuck me. Her big ass was making my balls bounce up and down. Her boobs were bouncing right in front of my face. 

"I love this cock Arnold. It's way better than my husband's." She started to ride me faster and harder. The moans on the TV got louder as the clapping of our bodies increased. "Do you like it when I fuck you? Do you like it when I take your big cock from you and fuck you? I love making your cum filled balls bounce up and down."

I was gonna cum again. I watched as her tits bounced up and down right in my face. I felt her big ass make my balls bounce everywhere. "I'm gonna cum again Vanessa."

"I'm gonna cum too Arnold. Give me your cum. Your big cock is gonna make me cum Arnold. I want your cum. I want it deep inside my pussy," she said as her pace got even faster.

I felt my balls tighten and my hands gripped her big ass as I screamed, "I'm cumming!!!"

"I'm cumming too!" She exclaimed. I felt her pussy clamp around my cock. She slammed her pussy down on my cock and started grinding. I felt her big ass massage my balls as I shot load after load into her wet pussy. We continued grinding on each other as our orgasms subsided until all we heard left was the moaning on the TV.

She stood up and let the mixture of her pussy juice and my cum drip all over my cock. She bent down and licked my cock until it was clean.

"That was so good Arnold. Maybe tomorrow you can help me assemble the couch in the living room."