 I glared at my computer screen with empty intent. I could feel his eyes on me as he sauntered toward the counter. I knew in his mind he already had his hands on my body. He stopped inches away from me, his gaze closing the short gap between us. 

"Can I help you?" I asked with shaky sarcasm hoping he wouldn't notice my weak will. He did.

"Its not me who needs help." He smirked. I couldn't help but smile a little.

"What do I need help with?" I tried to act puzzled, but he saw through every ounce of my false ignorance. He pushed his fingertips into my hips as he slid behind me at the counter.

"Playing coy isn't your strong suit, is it?" He spoke into my ear at almost a whisper. I felt the desire in his voice, as well as against my thigh. I smiled even bigger. I knew what he wanted, and I was starting to think I wanted it too. 

"Maybe I'm just good at feigning innocence?" I gave a cocky grin. That statement was true, but not today. He laughed and released me from his grasp. My humor prevailed, though I sighed a little too audibly and gave away my bluff. 

"You busy later?" he asked, trying to sound semi-professional. "I need someone to help me study for this management exam. Who better than a newly trained manager?" I knew he didn't need my help. The tests were easy, and he was intelligent enough to pass any exam. That being said, his flattery had done the trick. 

"I can help you study, if you need it." I said with sincerity. I was still holding onto innocence. He stared into my eyes for a moment too long before he spoke.

"Great, meet at your place around 9?" I peered back at him. 

"Sure, 9 is perfect. I'll have the coffee ready." This would not be a study session, at least not for the management exam.

I tried to prepare myself for this encounter. Would I resist his advances? How wrong would it be to follow through with my desires? He would be a manager soon, so company policy doesn't apply to the situation. No one had to know; I deserved to have a little fun. I would play hard to get and make him work for it. 

Once I decided how this interaction would benefit both of us, I felt much better about his arrival at my place. I hoped he would be on time, but never imagined he'd be early. I was ready though, and it definitely looked like I was ready to study. I had my notebook out and the coffee on the counter. I had my comfy clothes on, sans underwear. He too, was prepared. I answered the door to find him in a tight t-shirt and worn-in jeans. He had his manager's booklet, a notebook, and some pizza. 

"I wasn't sure if you had eaten." He sounded nervous. I grinned. 

"I haven't, thank you! Shouldn't study on an empty stomach, right?" He laughed at my joke and nodded in agreement. I placed the pizza on the counter and sat at my bar to review his materials. He sat across from me and opened his book. "What are you needing the most help with?" I questioned him, wondering if he had even thought about his studies. 

"Honestly, the only thing that trips me up is the damn procedures. I put so many of them out of order." He glanced at my chest. I caught him noticing I was without a bra. I interrupted his thought. 

"You don't need to worry about order. They won't ask you that on the test." I took the sole purpose of the visit away, he had no more excuses keeping him from touching me. I had made myself available, now I was going to let him make the first move.

He stood, and slid his book over to me. "Quiz me. I wanna be sure I got it right." He stated. He remained standing. He was starting to get his bearings. 

"Ok. Where do you want me to start?" I looked down at his papers. "There's the pretest in the back of the book." He had moved around the table to where I was seated. He took the book from my hands and placed it on the bar. 

"I already tested myself and aced it." He was looking at my lips this time. 

"Then what do you need from me?" I asked, hoping he had a clever answer.

"I need you. I think I've waited long enough." He wrapped his hands around my waist and planted his lips on mine. He wedged his body between my legs as he pulled me toward the edge of my barstool. "I've wanted this for awhile." He spoke with such passion and conviction, it made me melt. 

He kissed along my hairline down to the base of my neck passionately licking at my sweet spot. He moved to my collarbone, and I pulled his chin up to my face. I parted my lips and took his into my mouth. I kissed down his chin to his chest. I needed him to lose his shirt. 

Without thinking, I reached down and pulled it over his head. His arms followed my lead. Both of us, half naked, lingered in this moment. It was my turn to make a move.

I rose from my seat, pushing him back just enough to give me room to move. I slid my shorts over my hips and let them fall to the floor. I allowed him a moment to take in the view. He sighed a good breath, and I dropped to the floor. I began undoing his belt, along with his button and zipper. 

With a quick jerk, his jeans and boxers were a pile around his feet. I glanced back up at his hips and took a moment to appreciate his package. I gripped his sturdy member in my hand and gave it a lick. He shuddered; I had taken him by surprise. I was enjoying every moment of this interaction. I slid my tongue around his joystick a few more times before I was ready to engulf him. 

I took him into my mouth with a quick motion, slowly rising with my lips wrapped tightly around his sex. I slid down upon him once more, this time using my tongue to provide the slightest bit more pleasure for him. I removed his length from my mouth and rose to my feet. I knew my intentions were clear. I reached for his hand, sure he would follow me to my bedroom.

He did not wish to put me to bed, and instead pushed me back onto my dining table. Very thoughtfully, he assisted me in laying back. He showed me he had a few surprises, too. He knelt, pushing my ankles up resting my feet on the table ledge. He began kissing my inner thigh slowly progressing towards my wanting essence. He stopped before he reached my entrance, eyes focused on mine, and stood. 

Positioning himself appropriately, he moved his hands to my chest. He caressed my breasts playfully, paying close attention to my facial expression. He flicked my nipples simultaneously, urging even more arousal from me. I was as slick as a freshly waxed car, ready for a test drive. I locked my legs around his waist and pulled him toward me. With little hesitation, he aligned his manhood with my glistening core.

He plunged into me with eager ferocity, overtaking my body with his determined grip. I synced my movements with his, our hips meeting at a glorious angle. He reached for my arms, pulling me closer to him. I placed my foot on a chair-back to give us more leverage. He held me tight as he pumped his organ deep into my sheath, revving me closer to satisfaction. I moaned, first quietly, then louder once I realized it was giving him gratification. He suddenly stopped, pulled me to my feet and led me to my living room. Pulling me down onto the sofa, I decided he wanted a mutual happening.

I lowered myself onto his shaft taking in every inch of him. I wanted there to be no space left between us. With every stroke, I could feel his rod approaching the brink of passion. I was not far from it myself, grinding my organ into his. He dug his fingers into my hips, assisting me in this ride of pleasure, every movement rocking me closer to the edge. I was already shaking, but I endured this sensual torture.

My nails digging into his shoulders, I let out a cry of surrender as I reached the top of my summit. I rode through the waves of ecstasy, bringing him to climax along with me, his release flooding me to the brim. I rolled over next to him and gave a smile as I laid a hand on his chest. He closed his eyes and grinned, taking in the moment. We laid together for awhile simply basking in satisfaction. I decided first to get up, and proceeded to grab my clothes on the way to the bedroom so I could freshen up.

When I returned to the living room he was seated, fully clothed, with the pizza in front of him at the table. "Hungry?" He asked with a chuckle. 

"Yes of course!" I laughed. We shared the pizza and enjoyed the conversation that followed. As he stood to leave, I asked that he not speak of this encounter to anyone. 

"I understand. We have to maintain a strictly professional relationship."

"Exactly," I stated with a sigh. What was could not be, and we knew it. This exciting journey had to end here. 

"See you at work tomorrow?" He asked. 

"Absolutely." I answered. He smiled as he left my house. We wouldn't forget the feelings we shared, but we would never act on them again.