 ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~

My unsolicited sequel to DamonX's story 8 Days.

So far, the deal between Damon and his fiancée Lacey, to act single for a week, has blown up in both of their faces. He's pissed she cheated on the deal, lied to him, and tricked him. His reward for agreeing to the deal was supposed to be her virgin ass, on their honeymoon. On day one of their agreement she let the stripper she chose take her ass, and do lots more she'd always denied her fiancé. Damon sees it all and gets revenge by fucking the one person he's not supposed to, his long time friend Jenna. When Lacey finds out, she decides to go to war, and behave like a total slut for the remainder of their deal.

The war goes Damon's way, as he sabotages her affair, primarily by putting poison ivy in the bed, and adding hot pepper to her lube. She's no longer able to slut around, and wants the deal to end. He just wants her gone. Lacey's best friend convinces him to try to work things out, and guarantees he'll be able to use his free pass, with her if nobody else. He does, and enjoys it. By Day 4, he's had his friend Jenna, her roommate Nikki (and her virgin ass) and Stacy, the maid of honor.

We've also heard a lot of excuses about why she did what she did. Lying about her first time, tricking him into the deal, and giving her ass to the stripper (as well as sucking him off and swallowing, something else Damon never got). He's still not buying it.

There are too damn many intriguing stories that are never completed. If I find a story that's been left hanging for too long, I'll give you my idea of an ending. Fair warning though, I don't write about total wimps. May not be BTB, all nuclear and shit, but no voluntary cucks, or whiny simpering wimps. 

For information on how I decide which stories to continue, please check my profile.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~

Lacey woke me around 6:00 am. She was calling my name out, from the bedroom. She was obviously miserable. I ran her a bath, and sat with her, scrubbing her clean. I changed the water, and had her sit in another tea bath.

"Where were you last night?" she asked warily.

"I came home around 9:00. I'd been over at Cale's. When I got here, you were out of it. Stacy and I had a long talk. I slept on the couch, so I wouldn't disturb you."

She pouted. "I want to end the deal, baby. You were right. It's not good for us. I'm sorry, Ok?"

"What happened to 'going to war'? Being the biggest slut in the world?"

Her face screwed up, not a pretty sight at the moment. I saw the tears in her eyes. "You fucked Jenna! How could you? How can I ever face her again? I know you're not going to give her up, you're going to want to be friends. She'll be around us, at parties, over for dinner. And she'll have that damned smirk. God, that bitch loves to torment me. Rubbing it in how good friends you are. Now she's fucked you, on top of everything else! Gave you everything, even before I could!"

"Only because you broke our deal."

"I didn't! How can you say that! I wouldn't," she whined.

"Virgin ass. It was supposed to be mine, and mine only, Lacey. You just threw it away for a big dick and six-pack abs."

"You should have said something. I thought giving you my ass would be special, a wedding gift. You'd get to have me there."

"It would have been, if you didn't let the idiot have it first. You knew that hurt me, and you went and did it again!"

She shook her head. "You fucked Jenna, Damon. You know how I felt. Anybody but her. I told you that! Anybody! Just not her." She pouted. "I would never do that to you. Never! How would you like it if I had fucked Cale or Jim? Have to see them every day, knowing they'd had me, and I let them do everything? How would that be?"

"Don't blame me! I didn't want any of it, remember? You're the one that wanted to be single for a week. I said no, but then you promised me your virgin ass, so I went along. This wasn't my idea. You just had to have a turn with your big-dicked stripper, didn't you? I wasn't good enough for you. Not buff enough, not enough cock. Fuck, I hope you're happy with him."

I got up, and she grabbed at my hand. "Please, Damon. Let's end it before it gets any worse. I was wrong, Ok? Is that what you want to hear? I fucked up. You did too. Let's stop."

"I gotta get ready for work," I told her.

She sagged into the tub. "Think about it, alright? I love you."

~ * ~ * ~

Work wasn't bad. A two hour 'funch' break with Jenna was good. Very good. She was in a playful mood, and loved hearing about me and Stacy. "Don't get soft with Barbie. She lied and fucked around on you. She's not worthy of you, and proved it. She'll have a million excuses, but she gave her ass to her stripper. She planned the whole thing. A week before your wedding and she just had to fuck around. What a fucking slut!"

She lubed up her ass, and insisted I take it for a ride. She grabbed one of her toys out of her drawer, and DP'd herself, grinding a fat dildo up her pussy, while I reamed her good. I was getting spoiled, and I loved it.

I was lying beside her, while she played with my cock, looking for a little life. "Dump her, Damon. Dump her, and we'll set up a play-date with Nikki. Two girls. I bet you'd love that. Six holes for the taking." She giggled. "Might have to make an all-nighter out of it."

She climbed on top of me, giving me a big wet kiss. "We're going to have so much fun. Best friends and fuck-buddies. Does it get much better that that? I'm going to ride that fat cock raw!"

I accepted her hugs and kiss, playing with her tight little butt. But I couldn't help thinking I wanted more than that. More than fuck-buddies. I wanted happily ever after, but it looked like that wasn't in the cards.

~ * ~ * ~

Cale called me at work. "Everything's in place. Looks like your girl went to the doctor. They were out for a couple of hours. Gave us plenty of time. Video, audio, the works."

"Perfect. I appreciate it. Tell Fred thanks, I owe him one."

"Maybe you could hook him up with one of those brides-maids. Choice meat."

I laughed. "High maintenance. I'm not sure that would be much of a favor."

"How did last night work out?"

"Incredible. Stacy's an animal. Wild and wicked."

"Better than plain vanilla Lacey?"

"Oh, God. No comparison. At least not the Lacey I know. The whore that fucked that stripper looked like she'd be fun to play with. Guess I'll never find out."

"You gonna try to nail another of her friends?" Cale asked.

"I'm not sure, to be honest. Another ride with Stace would be incredible. I...I'm having mixed feelings about the whole thing."

"No shit. I said you were an idiot for agreeing to the deal. With a woman that looks like that? She must turn away a dozen offers a day."

"Does she? Turn them away?"

"Dude. Don't go there. She might have fucked up, but you don't really think she was cheating on you before, do you? She might be a stuck-up bitch, but none of us ever thought she didn't love you. Damn, half the time she had that puppy dog look. I can only imagine a woman like that looking at me the way she looked at you. Naw, I don't believe it. You gave her a free pass, and she abused it. Don't look at it as more than that. You'd only be lying to yourself."

~ * ~ * ~

I got home late after stopping for a beer. I'll admit it, I was confused. Still pissed off as hell. A cougar sat beside me, and I bought her a beer. I chatted her up. I had no doubt I could have had her if I wanted, all the signs were there. 

But I didn't want to. I was almost ashamed. Maybe I should turn in my man card.

It was after 7:00, and I was surprised to see that Lacey was up and around, even cooking dinner. She acted bizarrely normal. "Hope you're hungry," she said.

"Starving. Let me change, and I'll be out in a bit."

I stripped down to shorts and a t-shirt, and joined her in the kitchen. "Smells delicious." I reached around her waist for a hug, gently. "How are you feeling?"

"Much better. Doctor gave me some, uh, pred-something. Said it looked like poison ivy. When I told her about the sheets, she gave me grief. Told me I should always wash everything new before using it. I feel like such a dunce."

"Those are the biggest meatballs I've ever seen," I teased.

"Too much TV. I was watching a show and decided to give it a try." She lifted one up out of the sauce. About as big as a racquetball. Huge. She grinned. "Talk about torture. Seeing these? All I can think about is my special man."

Yeah, I bet. I'm sure Brett would love to hear it. 

She must have felt the vibe I was giving off. "Can we talk, honey? Really talk? I don't think we have once since I got that stupid idea in my head."

"Of course," I said.

"After dinner. The spaghetti will be done in just a minute."

We ate an amiable meal, both of us avoiding our issues. I helped her clear and wash the dishes, then she took me by the hand and led me to our bedroom. "I'm starting to itch. My forearm and the back of my thigh. Can you help me?"

"Another bath?"

"Some lotion should do, I think. I got a prescription."

She put down a sheet on the bed, and stripped naked. She was looking better, the swelling around her face was almost gone. Instead of one huge red swollen mess, now you could see patches of rash. I took the cotton balls and cleaned each area with a little rubbing alcohol. Afterward, I applied the ointment, carefully, using my finger. 

"Don't get it on you," she said nervously.

"I'll wash my hands afterward. I'm wiping my finger with the rubbing alcohol after each area, so I won't spread it. I'll be careful."

I had been at it for about 5 minutes. 

"I had a long talk with Stacy," she said softly.

I nodded.

"Is she right? Are you ready to dump me? Now, on the eve of our wedding, after more than a year?"

I sighed, dabbing her gently. "I don't see much future for us. I don't trust you anymore."

"Because I lied about that first night with Brett? When I said I had no plans? I swear, I didn't. Not for that night—"

"It's not just one thing. It was everything. You blew that bastard at your party. Lied to me about why you wanted your week of being single. Lied about saving your virgin ass for me. Lied about your plans that night. You wanted to be able to fuck around, but you didn't want me with Jenna, or any of the people I know. It's just too much, as a whole. Never mind the shock of seeing how you'd totally give yourself to that asshole, act like such a wanton slut, when you'd never do any of that for me. You gave him your ass, sucked his cock. I never got any of that, but some stripper off the street did."

She sighed. "We see things so differently. It is a problem. I was angry, furious, that you'd break the one rule I'd asked for, but I never thought it would mean the end of us. I love you too much, and thought you loved me."

"Your one rule. The one you added, after we had a deal. After you had already lined up your gorgeous big-dick fuck God, then you say, 'Oh yeah, you can't have Jenna'. I still wouldn't have, if you could have stuck with our deal." I was irritated that she kept throwing Jenna in my face. She broke the rules first!

"You know, I could have overlooked the trickery, the deceit. Setting me up so you could have your lover. I could even overlook the slutty behavior with him. Begging him to use you, to treat you like a whore. But you promised me! You know I wanted your ass, and for a year you denied me. Then you made that promise to me. On our honeymoon, I'd get your virgin ass. One part of you that would be mine and mine only. Nobody else, ever. You lured me into your hateful deal with that promise. I agreed to let you experiment, see other men, as much as I detested the idea, because of that promise. And you gave it to him."

She had tears rolling down her cheeks. "No, baby. I didn't promise you I'd save it for you. That was part of the whole plan. To get me used to it, so it wouldn't be miserable our first time. I wanted it to be incredible. My gift to you."

"You did, Lacey. You promised me anything. And then you whispered in my ear that I would get to, and I quote, 'fuck...your...tight...little...virgin...ass'."

I sat back, having finished her front. "Flip over."

She turned over, and I started another coat. 

"I...I think it was a simple case of misunderstanding. Can you believe that? I thought you wanted my ass. I was eager to give it to you. I was. I...I might have said virgin, because it was, at the time. I didn't understand that it meant that much to you. I figured you wanted my ass, not the fact that nobody had been there. You don't seem to mind that you weren't the first in my mouth or in my pussy. It's not like it would be your first time doing a girl in the butt. I didn't know. I wanted the experience, for us. I was afraid it would be bad, otherwise."

"Experience? You could have used a dildo for practice. Not some bastard with a cock bigger than mine. Bragging about stretching you out. Promising him he'd keep getting it, long after the wedding."

She rose up on her elbows, staring at me. "I never promised him that. I wouldn't!"

"How did you put it? 'You wouldn't mind fucking a married woman?' In your husband's bed, stretching your holes out for him? Giving away what you promised to your cucky-fiance?"

"You were listening!" she shrieked.

"Taping it. I didn't trust you, after all the lying. I had a recorder right over there on the dresser. For obvious reasons, don't you think? Setting up cheat dates for after the wedding, with your big-dick lover?"

Lacey shook her head. "I was just teasing him. He was the one talking about getting together later. I never agreed. I wouldn't. I didn't want him to get mad so I just teased him and went along."

"Sure, I understand. Wouldn't want loverboy mad. Piss off your husband-to-be, your 'cuck' as you so nicely put it, that's fine. It's not like I matter. As long as the owner of the big dick is happy."

She dropped back onto the bed, angry. "Couldn't you give me the benefit of the doubt once? Just once? Don't always assume the worst of me."

"I gave you the benefit of the doubt from the very beginning. I went along with your asinine idea, trusting you, counting on you not to destroy everything. I was wrong."

"So I guess you know what a wonderful time I had with Mr. Big Dick, yesterday. Enjoy the film?" she sneered.

"I hated it. If I was there, I would have killed him and taken my chance with jail. Why didn't you get rid of the asshole? Was getting more of his cock that important to you? There are other big cocks out there you know."

"I made my bed, I had to sleep in it."

"Not much sleeping going on," I said.

"What do you care anyway? Why are we even talking? You're just going to dump me for your little tomboy whore."

"If I didn't care, would I even be here?"

She barked a harsh little laugh. "No. You're not here because you care. You're here because Stacy bribed you. That's all. I don't need your pity. If you don't want me, I'm certain there are plenty of guys around who do."

"Sure. Lots of them. Guys like loverboy. Go for it." I slapped her ass. "All done. I'm out of here."

"Where are you going?"

"What do you care? Have you once cared about me since you got that wild hair up your ass for big dick?"

"STOP IT! I didn't care about the size of his dick!" she screamed.

"You're a fucking liar. You loved it. Sucked him like you were desperate for it. How come I never got any of that? You acted like you were being tortured the few times you took me in your mouth. You loved the asshole's big dick. I heard you. You told him so. Told him you could never go back to my little dick after having him."

She started crying hard. "Just go, Ok? Go fuck some little floozy. Leave me alone."

I stopped at the doorway, on my way out. "You know what the worst part is? I loved you. It couldn't hurt this badly if I didn't."

I closed the door behind me and went to the living room to call Stacy.

~ * ~ * ~

"We can't do it here," she said. "Your place is out of the question?"

"I wouldn't mind. I don't think Lacey would appreciate it, but if you don't care, I don't."

"Shit," she mumbled. "Any ideas? Can we get a room somewhere?"

"Let me check around; I'll get back to you, Ok?"

A call to Cale didn't help, but he suggested Eric, who worked evenings. 

"The place is a mess, but if it doesn't bother you, go for it. The guestroom bed is made. Just clean up after, is all I ask," he laughed.

He was right, the place was a mess. Took a few minutes to clear off the guest bed. Stacy opened the bed, looking at it nervously. "You don't suppose he has some spare clean sheets, do you?"

Ten minutes later we'd found them and changed the bed. She was giggling. "I feel like a damn high-schooler, sneaking around."

She didn't look like a high-schooler. I helped her undress, and we climbed in the bed. Things were definitely a little weird. 

"Awkward?" I asked.

She nodded. "I told her."

"I know." I held my arms out to her, and she came into them. I hugged her close.

"Can we talk a bit?" she asked.

"Of course."

"I take it things didn't go well with Lacey?"

"Not so much. We just don't see things the same. She thinks she did nothing wrong, she's just misunderstood. We didn't communicate well. She always planned on giving away her ass, the whole virgin promise didn't matter. Sucking him like she'd never sucked me didn't matter. Saying she'd fuck him after we were married, insulting me, making fun of me. None of it matters. Damn it! It matters to me."

"Is it over, then?"

"I don't know. Looking less and less likely it's going to work out. Too many lies, deceits. I guess I've got a fragile ego. I need to be first, if I'm going to make her my wife. In bed, I come second to asshole in every way."

Stacy pouted, while I toyed with her nipple. Nice tits on the girl. "When we talked, she really seemed like she wanted to make things right. Work it out. I thought she understood. I told her your issues."

"Maybe she does. I don't know. Even if she does want to work things out, I don't see how. I don't trust her, and I'll be forever pissed that I get treated like a leper in bed, and she's a total slut for that asshole." I sighed. "I've been with four different women in the last week. Just guess who's the worst in bed, by a long shot."

She grinned, reached down and grabbed my nuts. "I know who it better not be," she chuckled.

"No, Stace. I already told you, you're nothing but amazing."

"And that was on a couch. Now we've got a whole bed to work with."

"I thought the couch was your specialty," I told her with a little kiss.

"Improvising is my specialty. Wanna start?"

For Stacy, improvising included a surprising number of creative positions. Lying with her head hanging off the side of the bed, mouth open wide, allowing me to fuck her face, was a nice start. Bending almost in two, her ass and pussy pointed straight at the ceiling, allowing me the easiest of access, was something new and exciting, if a little acrobatic. She lowered herself, while I pounded her tight little pussy. I guess the stress of the position was getting to her.

"You know, stud, I have two holes open down there, no waiting."

She laughed when I pulled out of her pussy in a rush, while she spread her cheeks. "Be gentle, Ok? I would usually ask you to lube me up, but I'm kind of scared of anything we'd find here."

I used her own copious juices and my fingers to get started. Lathered up my cock in her wet pussy, and introduced him to his new home. She was tight. Tighter than Jenna, tighter than Nikki, although to be fair, we'd taken our time opening her up and getting her ready. Stacy groaned as I entered her, but asked for no mercy. I worked my way in, and was soon filling her with the entire length.
