 She had come to Chennai to attend a Family function. Her sister Sneha was pregnant and in her ninth month. It had been a tiring journey and she reached late in the night and at her sister's place – all were asleep when she reached, her younger brother had come to the station and he quickly got into bed and fast asleep.

But then, it was a hot Chennai night. Hema Balaji kicked off the bedcovers and groaned softly. It was stifling in her room. It must be the hottest night of the year, she thought. Her room felt like an oven.

Even though the window was open, the air outside was just as hot as it was inside. And the humidity was unbearable. She had put on her flimsiest nightie, which only went down to the tops of her thighs and was made of wispy transparent fabric, but even that was too much.

She decided to go to the refrigerator and get a glass of iced tea. Maybe that'll cool me off enough so that I can get some sleep, she thought. And she knew she should get some sleep too. Tomorrow would be a big day. She had the day off from her job as a maid for her sister's 'Seemantham' – the 9th month in a pregnancy for a South Indian Woman. And Hema would also be the maid of honor. She wanted to be at her best, fresh and rested. But how could she do that in this stinking weather?

She tiptoed quietly down the hallway to the kitchen, hoping that at least everyone else was asleep, though she didn't see how they could be in this heat. She knew that Ram, her brother-in-law, and Danush, her younger brother, had stayed up late playing a game, but they must have gone to bed too. The light was out in the living room.

She tiptoed past the guest room, where Ram was sleeping until the wedding tomorrow, and saw no light under the door. It was dark in the kitchen, but she knew the way to the refrigerator. The light inside of it made it possible for her to find a glass and fill it with iced tea.

"Oh, would you pour one for me too, while you're at it?" a voice behind her suddenly asked in a soft whisper.

"What?" Hema, startled, whirled around.

The iced tea she had poured for herself spilled onto the floor. It splashed onto her bare feet.

"Oh shit!" she gasped. "Now look what I've done!"

Again she looked up. In the dim light from the refrigerator, she saw Ram. His body was naked from the waist up, his shoulders muscular and powerful, his chest hairy and broad. He was only about five years older than she was, of course, but she had never thought of him-like that.

And just what do you mean, like that? she asked herself. But Hema could see that she was not exactly the only one who was struck by the moment. She suddenly realized that the weak light from the refrigerator was behind her, illuminating the curves of her own body through the filmy fabric of her nightie.

Ram, naturally, was looking. Quickly, she closed the door. Now they were in the dark.

"God, I've got to mop this up," Hema said.

"Here, I'll help," Ram murmured. "I didn't mean to make you spill it. I was just so hot. I thought I'd come in and get a glass for myself. Then, when I saw you-"

"Oh, I know," Hema said. "It's nothing. I'll clean it up."

She had grown up in the house, so she found her way to the kitchen towels easily. On the way back to the refrigerator, she bumped into Ram in the dark.

"Oh! Excuse me," she said.

But she didn't pull back. Her arm brushed his naked chest.

She could feel his breath on her neck. Finally Hema moved back away from him. But she could feel her pulse racing unexpectedly. She bent down and mopped up the puddle. When she stood up again, he was right there beside her. It was dark, but their faces were just inches away from each other.

"Hema, would you pour a glass for me?" Ram asked in a strange-sounding voice.

"You-could do it for yourself," she said nervously.

"What would you say if I told you I like to see the light shine through your nightgown?" he whispered.

"I don't know. Do you?"

"Yes!"

Suddenly she felt his hand on her face. He tilted her mouth up to his and his lips crushed down on hers. His tongue was inside her mouth before Hema even knew it, searching and probing.

His hands were up inside her flimsy nightie too. They found her firm young naked tits and squeezed them eagerly. His fingers pinched her soft, stiff nipples. Hema gasped.

"Oooohhh! God, we can't do this!" she cried, pulling back. "Ram! You know we can't! What do you think you're doing?"

But he knew very well what he was doing. And she couldn't help responding. Her body grew warm and pliant under his grasp.

"I can't help it, Hema!" he panted, kissing her neck. "I've always wanted you!"

"No, you can't say that," she said. "You're becoming a father soon. You can't have me. You can't want me."

She pulled his hands off her tits and stepped back away from him. But she half-wished he had not let her stop him. Part of her wanted him not to take no for an answer. She wanted him to rip off her nightie and throw her down and fuck her right there on the kitchen floor, even though she knew that was crazy. Her cunt was wet for him.

"I can't help it!" Ram whispered.

"You-have to help it," she said, trying to sound firm.

"Here."

She poured a glass of iced tea for him and handed it to him. She closed the refrigerator door before he could look too long at her body through her nightie. But Ram set the glass on the kitchen table.

He came toward her again. Hema didn't move. This time he encircled her body with his arms and dropped his hands to her ass. He got his hands under the skirt of her nightie and squeezed her high, round ass cheeks.

Hema felt hot arrows of lust shooting through her wet pussy. Oh, God, that feels good! she thought. She kissed him back eagerly this time.

When they stopped kissing, Hema was panting and gasping with excitement. Her blood was hot and racing. She wanted more. After all – she was an experienced Divorced Slut. She was the Corporate Whore for Balu and Sandi. She was full of sex. 

"Ram, please!" she murmured, kissing his hard chest.

"Please what?"

"Please-stop this!"

"You don't want me to stop."

"I know I don't! But we have to! What if Sneha found out?"

"She won't find out unless we tell her. I certainly won't tell her."

"Ahhhnnn!" Hema groaned as she felt one of his hands slide around her body and dip into her wet crotch.

He slid a finger up into her pulsing pussy. She bit her lower lip. Her body shivered uncontrollably.

"Why don't we go to your room?" he asked.

"We can't!" She spun quickly away from him. "Now leave me alone. Please!"

"All right," he said. "Whatever you want."

He disappeared in the darkness, down the hall, back to the guest room. Hema took deep breaths to make her pulse slow down. She tried to pretend that the whole thing had not happened. She tried to control herself by gulping down the glass of iced tea. Then she went back to her room and shut the door. She lay down on her bed, trying to forget about the incident in the kitchen.

But it was impossible. Her body burned. She touched the wet lips of her sizzling young cunt with her fingers, recalling how he had touched her there. She knew he was only a couple of doors away, right down the hall.

He's probably lying there thinking how he wants to fuck me, just like I'm lying here tonight, she thought. But God, what if Sneha ever found out? She'd kill me. And she'd have every right.

Hema finally removed her nightie, as she had originally planned. She ran her hands all over her feverish body. Her smooth flesh glimmered in the moonlight that came through her open window. She cupped her full young tits, trying to imagine Ram's lips on them, sucking wildly.

The fingers of her other hand found her swollen clit and rubbed it. She tried to imagine his cock inside her, moving in and out. God, I want him to do it! She thought desperately. And then she thought she heard a very soft knock on her door.

"Who is it?" she asked in a loud whisper.

Slowly her door opened. Somebody slipped inside and closed the door again. "I'm sorry, but I didn't want anybody to hear me," Ram said. Hema forgot she was entirely naked until she saw the look in his eye as he came closer to the bed. He was devouring her with his gaze. Ram could hardly tear his eyes from her beautiful jutting tits. Hema remembered how she had just imagined his mouth all over them.

"Oh, Ram," she said in a soft voice, not knowing what to do. She didn't make any effort to cover herself as he sat down next to her on the edge of the bed. His hands came out and cupped her naked tits. His eyes burned with lust for her.

"Hema, you're so damned beautiful," he said. "I can't help it."

"What about Sneha?"

Forget Sneha! She is in no state to even think of a fuck. I want you!"

Hema didn't try to stop him as he lowered his mouth to her soft nipples. When he sucked one inside his mouth, she moaned softly. She knew that if she didn't let him fuck her, she would die of need.

"Oh, Ram, it feels so good!" she moaned into his ear, caressing his hair.

He sucked her gently at first, but as they both grew more aroused, his mouth became rougher, more urgent. He sucked both of her nipples sharply, and Hema began to whimper and squirm. Her hands ran all over his broad hard shoulders and muscular arms.

Finally, she let her hands fall to his crotch. She could feel the coiled power of his throbbing cock under his pants.

"God, I want you to fuck me, Ram!" she whispered hotly in his ear. Already she had his belt buckle unfastened. She unzipped his fly. Ram stood up and shed his pants. Hema pulled down his shorts. He had a long thick prick that was already stiff and jumping.

Hema took it in both hands and smothered it with hot little kisses. She curled her tongue around the bulging head of his cock and licked him passionately. He lay next to her on the bed, and Hema took the head of his cock all the way into her mouth. She had never really wanted to suck a man's prick before, until now. But Ram's was so big and alive, so powerful inside her mouth.

She ran her sensual lips all over it, tantalizing him, making him want her to suck it. When she finally closed her lips over it again- it was full of her lipstick, gleaming in the shine of the cosmetic, Ram groaned softly. Hema massaged his balls and sucked him with slow gentle pulls of her lips.

He twisted his body around and got his head between her spreading thighs. The next thing Hema knew his tongue was slipping up into her juicy pussy.

"Ohhhnnnnn!" she groaned, letting his cock out of her mouth for a moment. She had never done a sixty-nine before, and found it wildly exciting. She began sucking him again, this time more rapidly, aroused by the flicking of his tongue against her tingling clit. Her body wriggled and quivered with sexual fires.

She realized that he was getting wildly excited too. Ram's cock was as hard as an iron pipe, and twitching crazily in her mouth. His hips jerked, driving his hard cock farther into Hema's mouth. Through the hot thrills she was feeling, she could hear her bed squeaking as the two of them writhed together.

Feeling herself on the verge of a climax, and knowing Ram was too, Hema pulled away from him suddenly. "Oh, Hema, don't stop!" he gasped in a panting whisper.

"Ram, we're making too much noise!" she murmured, turning around to face him. "What if they hear us? What if Sneha hears us?"

He didn't have an answer to that one. Instead, he kissed her searchingly, letting his tongue probe deep into her mouth while his hand found her pussy again. He rubbed her clit with his fingers until Hema was gasping helplessly with need.

"Oh, Ram, I want you so bad!" she whimpered. "I almost don't care if everybody knows!"

"We can be quiet."

"I want your cock in me!" Hema whispered. "I want to feel it inside me! Please!"

It only took him a second to slip between her thighs and slide his hard cock between her oozing warm puss lips. Hema felt her pulse flutter as the long thick cock fucked deep into her. She put her arms around Ram's neck, looking up at him in the darkness.

"I think I always wanted you to fuck me," she said to him. "From the very first time I saw you with Sneha." 

"Hema, you're so tight!" he gasped.

"You like that?"

"God, yes!"

"Unnnggghhh!" she groaned as he withdrew his long cock, then plunged it deep into her again.

"Shhh!" he whispered. "We have to be quiet!"

"I know. God, it feels so good!"

The bed began to squeak and shake again as he began to fuck Hema more rapidly. Ram heard it too. He stopped. Hema could hardly stand it. She didn't want him to stop fucking for even a second.

"Ohhh, don't stop, Ram! Fuck me! Fuck me hard!"

"Maybe we should do it on the floor," he murmured.

"On the floor?"

"It would make less noise."

"Okay."

They got out of her bed and lay down on the rug next to it. Ram grabbed Hema's pillow and put it under her ass. She didn't know what effect that would have, but this time when he slid his cock into her cunt, it went deeper than before. The sensation almost made her cry out.

"Ooohhhh!" she gasped. "Oh, god, that's deep!"

"Does it hurt?" he asked.

"No, it drives me crazy," she said, swirling her hips suggestively.

"Oh, Hema, you're so beautiful," he said again, now beginning to fuck her more urgently than before. Hema couldn't believe how aroused she was. She had fucked several times with all her paramours, but it had never been so good. Ram knew how to fuck her so that she wanted to scream with pleasure.

His hands roamed all over her smooth body, while his cock slid in and out of her clinging pussy. He clutched her ass, squeezing it roughly as the edge of his hard prick rubbed against her swollen clit. Hema nearly came unglued.

"Ohhhnnnn!" she moaned, pumping her cunt rapidly up into his strong thrusts. "Ohhh, Ram, I'm going to come! Do it hard! Deep! Oh, God, yessss!"

"Shhhh, Hema, don't make so much noise!" Ram panted.

"I can't help it!"

"Here, bite into my shoulder so you won't be heard," he said.

"Uhhhhh-uhhhhh!" Hema panted, right on the edge of an intense orgasm.

Ram fucked his cock deep into her exploding cunt, and she began to spill over with hot coming. She opened her mouth and bit into his shoulder, as he had told her to do, just as the involuntary screams started pouring out of her mouth.

"Unnngggmmeeee!" she wailed, her body seared by the fierce spasms of her climax. "Mmmm!"

Ram was close behind her. He fucked his cock deep into her and groaned softly. Hema could feel the long wet jets of his cum shooting into her pussy. They clung tightly together until the sharp throbbing pleasure died away. Then they relaxed, coming apart. Hema tried to hold his cock inside her, but finally he had to pull it out.

"Hema!" Ram whispered, pulling her body against him. "That was the best I ever had!"

"Me too," Hema said. "Only we'll never be able to have it again."

"Don't say that."

"Are you going to divorce Sneha?"

"How can I get out of it?"

"Then at least stay the night with me," she murmured.

She dropped her hand to his limp cock and began to massage it. Ram cupped her firm left tit and lowered his mouth to her soft nipple, sucking it heatedly. "At least we can fuck a few more times tonight," Hema said.

But then they both froze as they heard footsteps outside the door, in the hallway. The floorboards creaked.

"Oh, shit, who can that be?" Ram asked.

"I don't know. We'd better be very quiet."

After a few minutes, they heard the toilet flush. Then the footsteps passed again. But they both knew by now that they had risked more than they should.

Reluctantly, Ram pulled on his pants and kissed Hema once before slipping quietly out of her bedroom and going back down the hall to the guest room.