 She heard someone coming across the lawn. She stood quickly, and say a man's figure heading toward her. He was carrying something. As he moved in the light, Eleanor saw that it was Henry, their groom. Eleanor realized what she looked like, stark naked in her garden. She thought about putting her shift on, but realized that Henry had already seen her. She stepped forward out of the dappled shade and into the moonlight. 

"Why Henry," she exclaimed, noticing that he was only half dressed himself, and that the thing he carried was shotgun, "Is anything the matter?"

Henry stopped short upon seeing her. He had clearly gotten up in a hurry. He was shirtless, his trousers half done, and he had skipped socks when he put his boots on. He turned around so he wasn't facing her. "Um, I could ask the same of you, Miss Eleanor." 

"Oh, heavenly petunias, Henry, never mind what I look like, just tell me what is going on!"

Henry turned slowly back around, his face bright red. Henry and Eleanor had grown up together, him being the son of the previous groom. Henry's father had retired years ago, but Henry remained. 

Henry looked everywhere except at Eleanor. "Um, something bothered the horses. I was just looking around the grounds. You shouldn't be out here like, um, this. Like you are, um, alone, I mean." He finally looked her in the eye. "Let me take you back inside, Miss."

Eleanor looked him over. The last time she and Henry had been less than fully clad together, they had been around 5, and were barely distinguishable as boy and girl. He had certainly changed since then, at least from the waist up. Eleanor wondered about the changes below the waist.

The thing that disturbed the horses had probably been her. She wondered how to explain that, and decided to just be straightforward. "That must have been me," she said. "I came out to enjoy the night air, and I guess I got a little carried away." She looked Henry straight in the eye as she said this, daring him to ask questions. 

Henry looked back at her in disbelief, then shook his head. "Let me take you back inside."

Eleanor thought that a shirtless Henry was not an opportunity to pass by. She thought quickly. "Henry, my family might have woken. If I go in now, they will know I have been outside," with no clothes on, she mentally added. "Why don't you take me back to your cabin?" Henry looked shocked. If anyone found out, including the servants, he would be sacked. Eleanor smiled. "I'll leave as soon as everyone has gone back to sleep. No one will see me." Henry still looked uncertain. "Besides, it won't look any better for you to escort me back to the house like this."

Henry agreed. "Ok, Miss. I'm afraid a bachelor cabin won't have many comforts, but you shouldn't be outside like this." 

Eleanor thought that a bachelor cabin had just the kind of comforts she needed, but she kept that thought to herself for the time being. She picked up her shift and coyly slung it over her shoulder. 

"Shall we?" she asked, and led the way.

Henry followed, mesmerized by the most perfect ass he had ever seen. He wondered how it would feel in his hands, then he shook his head. He had grown up with Miss Eleanor! He remembered the view from the front, and he thought that she had certainly grown up well. He wondered what her breasts felt like, and how it would feel to rest his hand in the curve of her waist. He wondered what her hands would feel like on him. He felt his cock respond to his thoughts, and he thought that agreeing to take her back to his cabin was probably the worst idea he had ever had in his life.

Eleanor was thinking that she was going to make sure Henry thought that bringing her to his cabin was the best thing he ever agreed to. She stood aside when they reached the door so he could let them in. His hands shook as he worked the latch. Eleanor smiled mischievously when she saw this. She met his eyes and licked her lips, making sure he knew what she was thinking. He held the door open, and she entered.

Once inside, Henry lit a fire, saying, "You must be cold. Let get you some blankets to wrap up in." 

Eleanor thought that the best approach to overcome Henry's bashfulness was the direct one. "I'm not cold, Henry, and I don't want a blanket. I want you. Come on, let's disturb the horses some more." 

Henry consigned his fate to the gods and decided that if he was going to die at the hands of Eleanor's father in the morning, he may as well make the most of his last night on Earth. He wrapped his arms around Eleanor and kissed her deeply, stroking what he thought must have been the softest back he had ever felt. Eleanor's lips moved against his. She offered no resistance to his tongue. He moved his hand down to rest on her waist, and it curved into his palm as though she had been shaped to be touched by him. Why hadn't he noticed her before now? He broke the kiss, scooped her up in his arms, and set her down on his bed. Now he would find out what her ass and tits felt like.

Eleanor watched Henry kick his boots off and drop his trousers. He was lean and well-muscled from his time spent exercising the horses. His cock was short and thick, and precum glistened on its tip. She wanted to touch it, taste it. She sat up on the edge of the bed and pulled him close to her. She needed both hands to encircle his cock. She slid her hands along the length and rubbed it against her cheek, looking up at him. 

The sight of Eleanor adoring his cock was almost too much to bear. He thought he might not last long enough to get inside her. Without warning, Eleanor grabbed his ass and took his entire cock in her mouth. Henry groaned through gritted teeth. He wanted to fuck her so bad, but he didn't want the blowjob to ever end. Without thinking, he started to thrust into her mouth. Eleanor put a stop to that with a light touch from her teeth. He got the message while she sucked his cock, then pulled it out of her mouth to lick all along its length and gently use her lips along the ridge. 

"Don't you dare cum," she said, and went back to sucking his dick. She replaced her mouth with her hands and began licking his balls, paying special attention to his taint. Henry's hands formed fists from the effort of holding back his orgasm. Eleanor licked and nibbled along his inner thigh. Henry wondered if he would pass out.

Finally, he had enough. His cock was so hard it felt like it would explode. He pulled away from Eleanor. He pushed her back on the bed and knelt in front of her, his cock pointing right at her cunt, as though it knew exactly where to go. Henry held a foot in each hand and held Eleanor's legs up in a V. Eleanor wanted this just as much as he did. She spread her cunt lips apart, and Henry pushed into her. 

Eleanor groaned. He was so thick. His cock hit all the sensitive parts on her inner walls. Henry pushed her legs slightly back toward her head as he thrust, changing the angle of her hips, and the angle of his thrusts. Eleanor clutched the bed covers and moaned, closing her eyes. 

The sight of her below him drove Henry wild. He continued to hold one leg up high and placed the other one over his shoulder so he could reach her breasts. He rubbed them and squeezed them, thumbing her nipples until she was panting. He placed her other leg over his shoulder to free his other hand and leaned all the way forward until her knees were almost at her shoulders. He used both hands to caress the sensitive outer edges of her breasts. They felt like living velvet against his callused hands. He used a light touch to circle a nipple with his finger. He could tell she was almost there. 

"My clit," she said, almost out of breath, "Rub my clit." 

Henry obliged, and she came, hard, shuddering and crying out, contracting around his cock until he had to think of the last time a horse kicked him to keep from cumming himself. Slowly, the contractions and the shudders slowed, until Eleanor lay limply under him. He stopped moving and licked the sweat off her breasts, then kissed his way up to her neck and her mouth, which he took charge of with his tongue. She moaned faintly. She ran her fingers through his hair, pulling softly to indicate that he should free her. He pulled his head away from hers. 

"Oh, Henry. Why haven't we done this before?" 

A thousand reasons flitted through Henry's head, such as, her being the daughter of a rich man, presumably being saved for marriage to another rich man, him being the son of a groom, who worked for the rich man who was her father, but all he said was, "I don't know."

He was ready to cum. He pulled out of her and rolled her over on her stomach. He placed a blanket under her hips so he could enter her more easily, and lay down on top of her, moving her knees apart, guiding his cock inside her cunt. He rested on his forearms, moving slowly on top of her. The gentle stimulation built him up to his own orgasm. He felt Eleanor moving underneath him. She eased a hand underneath herself. Henry thought she wanted to rub her clit, and he was surprised when she grabbed his balls and gently squeezed and caressed them. The sensation of her cunt on his cock and her hand on his balls built him up until he came, hard, feeling his semen pulsing through his cock into her warm cunt. Eleanor came again when she felt his cock release. He had never fucked nor been fucked so good in his life.

Henry rolled off Eleanor onto his side. He caressed her face, brushing her hair back and looking at her in wonderment. He wanted to fuck her over and over, feeling her cunt tightening around him and hearing her moans. He would have to wait a bit, assuming she was interested in another round that night. He said her name, savoring the feel of it in his mouth. 

"Eleanor." 

"Hm?"

He moved closer, placing his hand on her ass. It was amazing. He pressed up against her, his cock against her leg. It felt good, but it wasn't quite ready for more just yet. "Eleanor," he said again. 

"What?" She placed a hand on his chest. 

He thought about his cock, then he thought about her. "You need to get back in the house." 

She knew he was right. "I suppose."

Eleanor sat up. Her hair was a mess. She glistened with sweat, and his semen coated her inner thighs. In short, she looked well-fucked. Henry thought she was beautiful. He thought about how she got that way with him, and he knew he was ready for another round. 

"Good god, Eleanor, if you don't leave this instant, I am going to fuck you all night," he exclaimed. 

She laughed. "I don't see a problem with that" 

"I'm serious, you need to get back in your bed."

"You're right."

Eleanor got up, ran her fingers through her hair, and put her shift on. She took the cloak that Henry handed her and put it over her shoulders. When Henry finished dressing, they snuck back across the lawns to the house.