 Author's Note : This is a retelling of an event that happened between between my boyfriend and me earlier this week. I bucked so hard I pulled a muscle in my back. :) Enjoy!



We came home from a night out, both of us a little tipsy. I think you were just a little drunker than I was, but you hid it very well. I started to get a little excited as we climbed the stairs to your room. I know how you get in the bedroom when you've had a few drinks. You become more... stern. More forceful. Commanding. It's a huge turn on for me. I don't really get into the whole BDSM thing, but I do like a certain degree of domination in the bedroom. Does that make sense? I don't like to be whipped, or humiliated, or gagged, or anything like that. But I do like it when a man exerts himself over me. He is dominant. He is in charge, running the show. And, by damn, I will take whatever he gives me. While you're normally a fairly gentle lover, tonight your guard is down and the more forceful side of you is out to play... and I love it. 

 You and I attacked each others mouths as soon as we made it to your room. My tongue slid into your mouth while my hands moved under your shirt so I could stroke your chest. I love touching you. My fingers trailed down your abdomen to the hem of your pants. I immediately started to undo the zipper. You stepped away from me just long enough to rid yourself of your clothes. To say you undressed me next is a bit of an understatement. More like you tore me out of my clothes. 

 Once again, your mouth was on mine, but not for long. You pushed me back onto your bed and kissed your way down my neck and made your way to my breasts. My nipples were hard and ready for attention. You know how sensitive my nipples are. You can drive me just shy to the brink of orgasm just by giving them the right amount of attention. You looked up at me with a wicked glint in your eye. Your hands trailed softly up my arms. It seemed like such a sweet gesture, but your eyes told me that you were up to something. Your hands continued up my arms to my wrists. Then your fingers went from soft and sweet to a strong, firm grip. You moved my hands away from my body, off to my sides, and held them down while you leaned your head down and began to lick my oh so sensitive nipples. 

 I tried to move my hands. I wanted to touch you but you held me down and continued to suck one nipple. Oh god, it felt so good! I could feel how wet my pussy was getting. I arched my back and moaned. Then you moved to my other nipple. I whimpered, feeling the buildup starting in my pussy. I needed to feel something there. I wanted to cum. But you wouldn't touch my clit, wouldn't let me move. My hips started to buck slightly. My moaning kept getting louder. You stopped long enough to chastise me for being so loud. After all, I didn't want to wake up your roommate, did I? But I couldn't help it. 

 "I want to taste you," I groaned. I was hoping that I could distract you enough to let me loose. But you just looked at me, very firmly told me no, then went back to work. You just. Wouldn't. Stop. Back and forth, from one to the other. You licked, nipped, bit, teased. 

 "Please. Oh god, please, baby!" I pleaded. I've never begged before. But this was sheer torture. I was so close. But it just wasn't enough to make me cum. It just kept driving me higher and higher. My hips desperately sought any kind of contact. The weight of your body and your strong hands holding me down turned me on even more, but also added to my frustration. 

 Finally, blessedly, you released my wrists and my nipples and made your way down to my aching pussy. You tenderly kissed my thighs and licked your way up between my legs. You slid your tongue over my lips, still not touching my clit. Your strong hands came into play once again. This time they snaked around behind my thighs to the front of my hips. You held my hips down and began to work on my swollen little clit. You sucked on it at first. You know that that only teases me. You licked from the entrance to my pussy up to the top of my clit. You finally started flicking your tongue over it. 

 "Yes!" I cried out. "Just like that, baby." My hips lifted off the bed to grind on your face, but you held me still and continued to slowly, lazily, lap at my cunt. I could feel the buildup starting again. But this time, it was going somewhere. I could feel my clit throbbing under your tongue. 

 "Oh god!" I covered my face with a pillow to muffle my screams and came hard on your tongue. But you didn't stop. You kept on licking me. I could tell you were thoroughly enjoying yourself. I, on the other hand, was about to come unglued. It was too intense. My hands were clenching the sides of your head. I tried to buck you off, but your hands wrestled me back down and held me still. You did take mercy on me, though, and moved away from my clit down my lips. It was still very intense, but I was able to take it. Once my body stopped twitching from the aftershocks you released me, flipped me over, poised me how you wanted me and sank as deep into me as you could. 

 "Good girl," you moaned. I love it when you praise me like that. I perked my ass higher and pressed my shoulders flat onto the bed - your favorite position. You groaned and pumped faster into my dripping pussy. You raised one hand up and firmly smacked it down onto my ass. I whimpered into the mattress. I could sense you were getting close. Your breath was getting deeper, faster, more ragged. You pumped your hips harder. Dug your fingers into my hips. When you came, you came hard. I could feel your thick cock twitching inside of me and your cum hitting the back wall if my pussy.

 We both collapsed on the bed, exhausted. You tenderly pressed your lips to mine. You wrapped your arms around me, pulling me into your body and drifted into sleep. I nuzzled my face into your chest and followed suit, wondering when you would force your will on me again.