 All night she felt someone was watching her. But whenever she turned around, no one was there. It was her high school reunion and it had gone better than she had imagined. After a long night of catching up on old times and laughing the night away, she was ready for a long hot bath and a good night's sleep.

On the way up to her room, she began to feel very uneasy. She brushed it off as she slipped the key card into the door. Before she could step across the threshold, someone grabbed her from behind and pushed her into the room. She struggled against her assailant but he was too strong. She tried to scream but the sound could not be heard through his hand.

"Stop struggling and be quiet," he growled against her ear.

She did as he asked, afraid of what he would do if she did not comply.

He swept her long locks from around her neck and whispered "Good Girl", into her ear. "I going to remove my hand, but you must be quiet. Do you understand?"

She nodded in compliance. He slowly removed his hand and wrapped his arm around her waist, crushing her against him.

"Who are you," she asked?

She could feel him smiled against her neck. He began to kiss and nibble his way from her ear, her neck and then her shoulder.

"I've spent the entire day with you and you don't know who I am," he asked?

He spun her around and who she saw stilled her rapidly beating heart.

"Really!?! What the hell do you think you're doing", she exclaimed!

She struggled to get out of his hold, but the harder she tried the tighter his grip became.

"Try all you want, you're not getting out of this," he firmly planted an all consuming, smoldering kiss upon her lips.

It caught her off guard. When he broke the kiss she just stared at him. He slowly raised his hand and gently caressed her flushed cheek. "I have waited all day for this. You are one hard person to get alone," he crooned.

He moved his hand slowly down her neck, lightly, grazing her collarbone and finally rested on her heaving chest. This snapped her out of the trance he had cast upon her and hit him square in the jaw. This allowed her to break free of his hold and she backed away from him.

"Don't you dare touch me! Get out of here," she shouted as she put the small table between them. He didn't move. Instead he just stared at her while he rubbed his jaw. He gave her a crooked little grin and started toward her.

"I'm not going anywhere and neither are you. You're mine and there's nothing you can do about it.," he said as he began to loosen the knot of his tie and unfastened the top buttons of his shirt.

She had to get out of there. As he made his way around the table, she rounded the opposite side in an attempt to elude him. He caught her before she could grab the handle and hoisted her over his shoulder. He threw her onto the bed, but before she could get up he was on top of her. She tried to push him away but he caught her by the hands. Using his tie, he bound her wrists and then secured them to the headboard.

"No, let me go! Get off of me!" But her protests went on deaf ears.

He slowly caressed her arms, down to shoulders and rested them on her flushed face. He leaned into her neck, lightly brushing a trail of kisses toward her ear. An involuntary sigh escaped her lips.

As seductively as humanly possible, he breathed out "I never plan to let you go, you're mine." And with that, he kissed her again, much more deeply and passionately.

Her mind was screaming at her to fight, but her body was saying something totally different.

When he broke the kiss, she pleaded, "get off of me, please let me go."

"Shhhhh, you want this as much as I do," he whispered.

As he laid siege to her mouth once more, he brushed his hand slowly down to her neck and shoulders, stopping just above the bodice of her dress. Slowly inching the fabric down, he exposed her heaving chest; while leaving behind a hot trail of sensation in his wake. He grasped one plump breast and began to tease the soft bud until it was achingly taunt, then lowered his mouth and sucked in the tip. The sensation made her breath catch and her body to arc toward his mouth.

"Why did his touch feel so good?" she thought as he ignited a fire inside her belly that spread throughout her.

After completely removing her dress from her body, he leaned up and just stared at her for what seemed like forever.

"Please stop, I don't want this", she whispered.

Smirking, he slid his hand down her side and hips, and dipped his fingers between her thighs. She arced and sucked her breath in at the sensation.

"Your body is telling a different story", he said as his fingers delved into her dripping cunt.

"That's not fair", she whimpered as he fondled her.

After recapturing her mouth, he spread her legs further apart with his knee. He left her mouth and placed light kisses and bites down her body, all the while stroking and probing her cunt. Without warning, he placed his luscious mouth over her clit.

The sensation made her squirm and jerk with shock. He slowly licked and sucked the sensitive bud until she was writhing and arching her back. When she thought she couldn't take anymore, he placed his finger into her pussy making her squeal with unexpected delight. She could feel him smile against her as he continued his erotic assault. He plunged his finger into her, achingly slow at first, while fluttering his tongue against her clit. He placed another finger inside her and rapidly thrusted his fingers in and out.

"Please stop. I beg you. I can't take anymore," she managed to breathe out.

But he didn't stop. He continued on until she thought she was going to explode.

"Please, please..."she trailed off.

He brought his mouth to hers and kissed her long and hard while ramming her deeply with his hand.

"I think your ready now," and drove his fingers upward into her, hard and fast.

The release exploded within her and she couldn't help but scream out. Her body arched and bucked wildly against him. He continued until she could no longer move.

She laid there panting in ecstasy. While her body tried to regain itself, he spread hot kisses across her breast, neck and mouth.

"Your body acts as if it has never had an orgasm before", he whispered into her hair.

Shyly she said, " I...I'm a virgin, I've never done this before."

"Are you trying to send me over the edge? That just makes me want you more" he growled.

He kissed her then, a long luscious entanglement between their dancing tongues.

After releasing her mouth and hands, he stood up before her. Rising off of the bed, she removed his shirt, revealing firm, bronzed skin. His muscles rippled and flexed with each slow and tantalizing move he made. She removed the constricting fabric from muscled hips and thighs until nothing was between her and the erection that was set free by the material.

She drank in every beautifully chiseled inch of him. When she finally looked back into his eyes, she could no longer resist the pull of his alluring gaze.

Kneeling in front of him, she reached out to touch his cock making his whole body jerk. The size of him left her in awe. She lightly ran her fingertips up and down the length of him, feeling the every dip and ridge of his shaft. She lightly wrapped her hand around the width of him and slowly began to move her hand up and down. He must have liked this because he closed his eyes and swayed closer toward her.

"Oh yeah baby, that feels so good", he breathed out.

This gave her more confidence. She began to pick up her pace. It was then that she noticed the pale, opalescent liquid oozing out of the tip of his cock. Without thinking, she leaned forward ever so slightly and touched the tip of her tongue out to taste him and then enclosed her lips over his head.

His breath caught and his cock jerked, but she didn't stop there. She moved her hand down to his balls while lowering her mouth further down on his throbbing cock. She glided her tongue over him slowly at first. The faster his breathing became the faster she moved him in and out of her mouth. He grabbed the back of her head and shoved his cock into her until his balls were slapping her chin.

"Baby you're so good, your throat is like velvet" he breathed.

With each thrust of his hard cock, she could feel the building tension within him. She felt his need for release. He pounded into her mercilessly.

"Take that cock. Oohhh I'm gonna cum, baby".

When she didn't think she could take anymore, his cock exploded in her mouth. Gush after gush, she drank from him until he had nothing left to give. A little had escaped her mouth and made its way down her chin.

He pulled her up into a passionate embrace, capturing her mouth once more. Picking her up, both collapsed onto the bed without breaking the entanglement of their dancing tongues. Moments later, he drew back and started his assault on her body again. Nuzzling her neck, he glided his hand down her shoulders and rested on her heaving chest.

"I want you," she sighed.

"Soon, very soon," he breathed across her belly.

She opened her legs for him. He inserted two fingers into her slit and flicked his thumb across her clit. He placed another inside her, stretching her pussy wider. He withdrew and made his way back up her body. Shifting, she felt his hardened cock against her thigh. Instinctively, she moved to position herself directly under him so that he rested just above her cunt. Getting up on his knees, he grasped her legs and pushed them up near her shoulders.

"This will hurt. But it will get much better afterwards," he said.

She nodded in understanding. He positioned the tip of his shaft at the opening of her pussy. Without warning, he plowed into her up to the hilt. The result was overwhelming. Instead of the expected pain, she had a powerful orgasm. He remained motionless inside of her while she rode wave after delectable wave. He carefully withdrew from her. Looking down, he saw the evidence of her virginity, bright and slick over his cock. Slowly, he began to push in and out of her. Just seeing his massive shaft plunging back and forth was making her wanton with desire.

"Oh, yeah, that feels so good. Don't stop," she breathed between thrusts!

She began pinching and rubbing her tits.

"You're so tight around my cock, baby. That's right, play with your tits," he growled.

He rammed into her harder and faster. Nothing could be heard except the sound of their labored breathing and the slapping of skin on skin.

"You like that baby? Do you like my cock deep inside your cunt?" he asked.

"Yes!" was all she could manage to say. Without skipping a beat, he flipped her over onto her knees.

"Get that ass up in the air," he ordered.

She gasped as he slapped his palm firmly onto one round cheek. Before she could do or say anything, he was pounding deeper and harder into her.

He rammed into her, never once breaking the erotic rhythm of their swaying bodies.

"I knew you would be a great fuck. Take that cock, my little slut," he spat out.

All she could do was take the pounding that his cock was giving her. Thrust after forceful thrust, he pushed her closer towards the precipice of ecstasy.

"Are you gonna cum for me baby? Huh, are you going to milk my cock with your tight cunt?" he asked.

"Fuck me! Fuck me harder! Cum in my cunt!" she ordered.

Without answering, he picked up his pace. She could feel his body tensing with each move he made.

"Come on! Give it me," she growled.

She rubbed and pinched her clit furiously.

"I'm gonna cum. Fuck me faster! Give it to me," she panted.

"Oh, yes, baby. Yeah, yeah, FUCK YEAH!" she screamed.

Within seconds, he plunged into her one last time and shot his seed deep within her cunt. She bucked wildly against him. Her pussy automatically milked every last drop of cum from his cock.

Both collapsed onto the bed, panting, trying to catch their breath. Still inside of her, he brushed the hair away from her neck and face. He brushed light kisses along her shoulder and back. What started out as a fight against unwanted sexual attention, ended with awakening a woman's lust for sexual exploration.