 Her Perspective

I always thought he was nice. Kind of sexy too, but that was taboo to think such thoughts; he was married, so was I. I couldn't help it though. He always smiled at me. I swear sometimes he looked at me like he wanted to explore my body. Taboo thought number 1, I would let him. I wanted to be dominated. I wanted to hear and do what a man wanted. I wanted to be devoured. 

His Perspective 

Yes! I get to see her. She was amazing at her crazy busy job. I was hoping she would notice me. I was waiting for her eye contact. Then it came. Our eyes connected and held for a second, and she smiled back. I wanted her so bad. Could she see it? I wanted her. Not just to fuck, but to seduce and dominate in a way that would make her cum in my mouth. I would fuck her like crazy afterwards. I was crazy. This wasn't really my style to flirt and want another woman so bad. I wanted to dominate her and know it was safe to do so. 

A Chance Meeting, Him

It was impossible really. Our worlds we're so separate. Then I saw her. She was laughing and talking with her friends at chic bar in the city. She was drinking my favorite red wine — Apothic Red. I immediately wondered what it would be like to taste it on her tongue. She must have saw me staring at her because her face flushed a bit. My god, she was gorgeous. The way her hair fell, the fullness of her lips, and that body. It was perfectly curvy. 

Her: Is that him?

OMFG! That's him. I was just thinking about him. Here I am with my friends having a great time, but what I really wanted was to see him. It should be impossible. He was alone at the bar when I saw him first. He ordered a bourbon of some sort. I wondered what that would taste like on his lips, okay, his tongue. He was deep in thought, then I saw him look at me. Like always, his stare was deep and safe. He then waved cooly at me and mouthed hi. My god he was sexy, intelligent. I was going to be devoured. 

Taking a risk: Him

We flirted with eye contact for 20 minutes. I could see her losing interest in her friends chatter with the constant looks at me. When she fingered the rim of her glass, I couldn't stop staring. She must have had enough of that, she got up to go the restroom. 

I couldn't believe what I was doing. I followed her. As I turned the corner, she was standing in the hallway. We immediately connected. It was hi, nice to see you, to "let's get out of here". 

Taking a risk: her

I was taken back at first but this is what I wanted. It was a quick goodbye to my friends, and before you knew it, I was in his car cruising down the street. At the first light, he kissed me. I swear I saw fireworks. This man was a great kisser and obviously a passionate lover. He suggested a hotel and I said yes by biting his lip. 

The Room, Her

It was a nice room. Nothing real fancy, but nice. Once we closed the door behind us, he immediately grabbed me and pulled me close. He was a lover and he knew what he wanted! 

He kissed me for a long time and moved his hands all over my body. Then he did something I wasn't expecting , he turned me around and he sat on the bed as I stood. He proceeded to pull my pants down exposing my ass to him. He loved my ass. He grabbed it with both hands and asked me to move my hips. As I did my seductive dance for him, he stripped his clothes off. I couldn't believe how hard he was for me. I loved seeing his cock leak. When I went for his cock, he said not yet. He bent me over and proceeded to lick my ass to my pussy. I couldn't believe it!! It was so amazing. He was so good with his tongue. He licked me until came 3 times. He loved devouring my pussy. 

The Room: Him

This was the sexiest woman I ever been with. I couldn't believe she let me have her. I wanted to taste pussy and ass all my life. She was perfect! Clean, shaven, and smelled so good!

After she came multiple times from tongue and fingers, she rolled over for me; on her back, looking upside down at me. She beckoned me to come to her when she opened her mouth for my hard cock. She pulled my cock deep into her throat. She gagged on it, and I apologized. She said "no" and made herself gag on it more. She loved my leaking cock and stroked it so well. 

Making Love, Him

It was obvious we were both into each other. Making love shouldn't have happened but it did. We were connected in a unspeakable manner. 

After she sucked me, I put my body over her. Her legs spread longing for my hard cock to be inside her. Sliding into her was unreal. Her pussy felt so good. She kissed me so deep. Our hands entwined. My hard cock slid in and out of her multiple times. Every time she bit my lip, I knew she was cumming. She was amazing. 

It turned from making love to hard core sex. She wanted to be fucked and I wanted to fuck her!! I don't think she could get enough of my cock because she suck me hard and pulled on it to make long. She then straddled and fucked me like a race horse. Sweat dripping all over me. Our groins filled with sex sweat, we were so into it. I slapped her hard on the ass and she let out moans for more. 

I loved bending her over. Her kneeling position was perfect. I slid in with no issues. I pounded that ass hard when she turned around said to put it her ass. With the head of my cock feeling for her asshole, I found it. I reached out and grabbed her hair as I slid my cock into her ass. OMG!! It was so good. I stroked my cock in her ass a lot. It was my first anal experience!! She yelled out that she was cumming and asked me to do the same. I filled her ass with my hot cum. 

Perfect Ending, Her

Amazing!! He was just amazing. I've never been ass fucked so good. And now, after a quick shower, here he was cuddling with me. We cuddled for a long while. Talking, kissing, and touching. I grabbed his cock and it was getting hard. Before ending our night, I told him that I wanted to taste him one more time. He let me suck his cock and bring it hard in my mouth. Too my delight, he blew another large load of cum in mouth. He was so awesome.