 It was the week of my wife's 39th birthday. She was feeling kind of down, not believing that she was almost 40. It didn't help matters that her sister, who was 5 years younger, was making a big deal about it. Of course my wife didn't look 39, most people thought she was much closer to 30. She had a great body and would often have guys flirt with her if I was not around. I begin to wonder what I could do to make her feel better. We already had plans to go out to dinner and see a movie, but I had to come up with something better, to let her know that she was still sexy, no matter how old she was getting.

My wife and I often discuss fantasies while having sex, talk about them, and tell one that we might be thinking about, to describe it in detail. Tell it like it is happening right then. One that we both like is to be around when other people are having sex and them watching us have sex. Not like an orgy. We are not looking to have sex with other people, but the idea of people watching us lick, suck, and fuck, is a real turn on. I began to wonder if I could make this fantasy come true, at least to an extent, but not involve other people. Make it seem real enough that she would think it was happening.

To set it up I had to do several things. The first was grabbing some audio from some of our favorite movies. I had to find the right ones. There had to be sounds of people fucking, moaning, and groaning, huge orgasms. I also needed some people talking about it, especially someone talking about her hot body and how they would love to fuck her. I wanted her to feel lusted after, to feel like she was a sex goddess. It took me awhile to find what I needed but I got it downloaded to my computer and burnt on to several CDs. To make it seem real I needed to have several CD players placed around the room. That led me to my next task. Getting a quiet, faraway place that we would be sure of not being interrupted. I had a friend that had a cabin out in the woods. Not much, but it was adequate for our needs. Finally, how to set it up so that it would be believable.

Dinner was easy. We had a favorite little spot just a few miles away. It had great food for such a small place. It was basically a bar but a lot of people went there to eat dinner. I went a couple of nights before our "date" and talked to a few people. I gave them each $20 and instructed them to flirt with my wife, maybe dance with her, maybe have one of them slip her their phone number, and to casually mention a couples retreat they were going to this weekend. As far as the movie I took care of that too. There was only one show we were interested in seeing so I called the theater before we left the bar and asked them to tell us that it was sold out. My wife was really bummed about that so I suggested that we drive around awhile and talk. She is not much of a drinker and she had had a couple of drinks at the bar and I saw a sparkle in her eyes, like she was thinking of something we could do in the car. I had to smile, knowing that she sure had a real surprise coming.

We drove for a while and talked. I asked her if she noticed the men (and women) who had flirted with her at the bar. She laughed, a quick little laugh, and said yes. That's when she told me about the one guy who had given her a phone number. I acted shocked and asked her why she had kept it. She didn't answer right away, I guess not sure why herself. We made our way out into the woods, to my friends cabin. As we drove deeper into the woods, she began to question me as to where we were going. I told her we were going to a quiet, secluded spot where we were sure to not be disturbed. She looked at me and smiled, but I could see some uncertainty in her eyes. We finally made it to the cabin and she became even more unsure of what was going on. I turned off the car and took her hand. I looked into her eyes and asked her if she trusted me. She said yes. So I told her to put on a blindfold. She took it in her hands, looked at me, and put it on. I got out of the car, walked around and helped her out. I walked her up the steps and into the cabin. There were just a couple of lights on, not very bright. I had been out here already today setting things up. I had one of the CD players already on, playing a hushed, party conversation. She stopped walking when she heard the voices but I held onto her tight and led her to the bed.

I helped her out of her clothes and used a remote to queue up a couple of the other CDs. One was some men talking about her sexy body. How they would love to suck on her tits and commenting on her slick, shaved pussy. I made her lie down and spread her legs. I could tell she was apprehensive. I reassured her that everything was okay. I caressed her smooth mound and watcher her pussy lips become thicker. Her juices started to flow and her nipples hardened. I teased her pussy with my fingers, inserting one, then two. She was quickly becoming aroused. Then at the right moment one of the "men" said to lick her pussy so I did. Immediately she began to moan and pinch her nipples. As I licked her pussy I inserted a finger inside of her and also stroked her anus with another. She began to push up toward my mouth, begging me to lick her pussy. One hand stayed on a nipple while the other went to my head pushing it into her sweet spot. Quickly she came, bucking under me, screaming. There were cheers in the background and sounds of other "people" starting to have sex all around us.

As her orgasm subsided she started to reach for the blindfold but I stopped her before she could get it off. Just then I heard "somebody" say it was his turn, "he" wanted to stick his cock inside of her. I pulled her up and moved her onto her hands and knees. I then used our special dildo on her. It was 8 inches long and very thick, thicker than my dick is. It was very lifelike and filled up her hot pussy. She groaned as I pushed it in and her breath caught as the size of it registered in her brain. I slowly moved it in and out, toying with her. All the while telling her about this big stud fucking her. Describing for her all the sounds she was hearing, of people fucking, sucking cocks, and licking pussies. She was screaming how good his big cock felt inside of her, she was telling him to fuck her, fuck her hard. Suddenly I stopped all of the CDs so that it was quiet except for the lustful sounds my wife was making and me telling her how hot it made me to watch her get fucked by another man. I was kneeling beside her so she could smell my cock. It was right by her face and she reached out with her tongue and licked it. She could taste the cum that was leaking out. She moaned again and circled her lips around the head of my cock. It was then my turn to moan.

But I stopped her, I had more things planned and I was not ready to cum just yet. But she was. She began moaning more and pushing back against the "cock" inside her puss, screaming all the while for this big stud to fuck her. Then she came, a great big, body shaking orgasm. It seemed to last forever. Finally I pulled the "cock" out of her and she collapsed to her stomach. Once again there was applause, signifying the "crowd's " appreciation of the show. Then more sounds of sex around us, orgasms left and right. She was out of breath and could hardly move. Now it was my turn. I pulled her over toward me, with her legs hanging over the edge of the bed. I lubed up my rock hard cock and then squirted some lube on her tight little anus. She flinched a little because it was cold but she had no energy to move. I slowly inserted my cock in her ass and moved it in until my cock filled her up. A small moan slipped from her lips. She was able to utter "fuck me up the ass with your big cock, shoot your load up in me". I began moving quicker, it wouldn't be long now. I was soon there and I shot my load, filling up her ass with my cum. It was so much, and with so much force, she came again. I collapsed onto her and then rolled to her side.

Finally I allowed her to take off her blindfold. It was a few minutes before she could sit up. As she did I slowly lowered the volume of the CDs until it was quiet except for gentle, soothing music. She looked around; searching for the "people" she had heard. But they were not there. Then I showed her the CD players and explained what had happened. She laughed and then hugged me, kissing me passionately. We lay there a while then got up to take a shower. She was so turned on by what had happened, running it through her mind that she soon was on her knees coaxing my cock hard again with her mouth. She took it all in her mouth, sucking with such gusto. She caressed and fondled my balls. She sucked me hard and began bobbing up and down, faster and faster. Then she reached around and inserted a finger in my ass and I exploded right in her mouth and she gulped down every drop, licking up any last bit that squirted out.

We got out and dried each other off, taking our time, caressing each other's body. As we dressed I caught a smile on her lips and a contented look on her face. She thanked me for her birthday present and then told me she couldn't wait until it was my birthday! When that time comes, I'll be sure to let you know what happens.