 She lay there breathless in his arms. His lips just inches from hers. She loved him so much. The way he made her body writhe in pleasure. He kissed her again, his fingers snaking through her hair as he gripped it and kissed her harder. A moan slipped from her. Her heart pounding in delight. His free hand massaging her breasts gently but firmly. She wiggled beneath him as an ache began to develop between her legs. He looked up at her and smiled. His brown eyes twinkling with a familiar emotion. He dipped his head to gently kiss her lips, then slowly down to her neck. He untangled his fingers from her hair. He kissed down her body too her breasts as one hand played with her swollen nipple and his other hand slipped to her waist. The other swollen nipple was being teased with his mouth. She gasped and arched her back against him. He sucked a little harder loving the reaction she was giving to him.

He kissed down to her navel, dipping his tongue into it. His two hands on her breasts gently twisting and rolling the swollen nubs in his fingers. His mouth dangerously close to her gushing mound. She clamped her legs together and wiggled against him probably trying to get some kind of relief from his wandering lips. He kissed her cleanly shaved mound, watching up at her to see her face. She was lovely, her swollen pink lips were parted as she gasped and moaned softly. Her back was slightly arched as her perky nips stood firm with all their glory. His. He was the only person who could elicit this kind of response from her. The unguarded abandon she gifted to him. Her trust turned him on even more. The way she'd part her legs at the simple touch of his finger. The way she molded against him when they made out. Her nipples massaging his chest as she rubbed against him. The way she gasped and moaned when he wrapped his fingers around her neck. The way she mewed in pleasure around his fingers.

He felt his member twitch in reckless abandon when the only thing he wanted was to bury himself deep into her gushing cunt and watch her let go. He dipped his tongue between her soaking wet folds and watched as she stilled against him in anticipation. He slowly pressed his tongue against her overly sensitive clit and pinched her nipples. She arched beautifully and pressed her sex against his tongue, moving up and down as she tried to reach her climax. He chuckled against her and she moaned loudly. He smiled and wrapped his arms around her waist. He moved back towards her navel and her thighs, teasing her ever so lightly. 

He fixed himself between her legs and held her legs against his shoulders. He pressed his lips against her flesh and suckled. She bucked and shifted under him but he held her fast and steady as he lapped away at her juices, sucking and licking her as she flowed for him. Only for him. He was so proud of her. He felt her sneak her fingers into his hair, her back arched, his hair tangled in her fingers, fast pants and low moans, eyes closed. He had her right here he wanted her. He stopped and looked up at her. A small question formed in her eyes and he smiled at her. He stroked himself and watched her as she got up and crawled towards him. He pointed his cock towards her face and she opened her mouth and sucked. He growled lowly as he wrapped his hands into her hair and made her take him deeper into her throat. She had gotten better at this. Her reservations slowly faded away as she sucked and moaned. 

He leaned over her and slid his free hand over her back and over her butt, where he slid a finger between and began gently caressing the swollen bud between her legs. A loud moan vibrated around his cock and he moaned as well. So good she was, he loved everything about her body, her responses, he obedience, her trust. She was like magic. He pulled his cock away from her mouth, and stuck his fingers into her. She let out a breathy moan and he kissed her hard and fast, as he pussy clamped around his fingers in delight. It felt like she was trying to strangling his fingers with her tightness. He couldn't take it anymore. 

He turned her over and pulled her to him as she spread her legs apart. Ready and wanting. He placed himself at her entrance and thrusted into her. She dipped her back, allowing him to full her to the brim. He stroked deeply as she moaned louder and louder.