 "Hay stranger. How's life been treating you?"

Do you remember when you were a kid and you opened that one present that made all other presents seem worthless? Do you remember when you kissed the boy or girl that made you feel like everything inside just flipped? Remember the tear you shed when the fingers of your first-born wrapped around your finger?

Well all of these emotions happened to me in an instant, as I have been listening to replays of that voice in my head for the last 30 years. My eyes blurred and my ears started to buzz. I became dizzy and only then did I realize my heart was pounding incredibly hard. Immediately I dropped to one knee, but as I did this, my hand did not go to the floor to balance myself, it reached behind me to grab that voice so it would not get away. 

As I reached back, two small soft hands reached forward to grab me. They wrapped around my chest and a body came with them. Feeling the hands around me made me gasp and as I did the smell was just as intense as the sound of her voice. A thousand pictures rushed through my head, but instead of it being my life flashing before my eye it was one wonderful summer. Her and I, age 20, south Texas young and in love. 

It is ;ate afternoon Friday and I was sitting on the curb as she came and plopped down beside me.

"Don't feel like playing?" she asked

"No, I twisted my ankle right when we got out here. I changed into my boots so the swelling wouldn't get too bad. It is hard to play foot ball with a sprain in boots." I said in reply.

"The girls are at the pool. Do you want to come swimming?"

"You're going to need to help me walk that far. My car is by the pool anyway, and I would much rather you help me than one of those hairy MF's on the field right now."

"OH! High praise! Thanks!"

"That is not what I meant and you know that."

She stood and said, "Shut up and just get up so I can hang with some one nice."

I moaned and gasped as I got to my feet "Stop! Please!? I really didn't mean it that way." I said as I put my arm around her.

As we walked off she was walking to fast and making it a point not to talk to me, so I kept quiet too and just made "ugh" and "Owfff" noises as we walked. 

We made it to the pool and I ask if she could help me take off my boots. This was a bad idea, because she was still mad and I was hurt. These are not a good combination. So as I screamed she put a foot on my inter thigh and yanked with all she had at my boot covered sprained foot. Her foot slipped into my groin and smashed a nut as my boot came off. Two good things came from this. One was my boot came off really fast and the other was my nut hurt so bad I no longer cared about my foot. At least until she made a gasp sound and said "What the hell happened to your foot?!"

So there I am. Ice on my nuts and my foot lifted high on a pillow laying on a pretty girls bed with her cooing me thinking she really fuck up my, now black and blue, ankle that she thought she had something to do with. 

"Again, it was being tackle by that fat ass Paul that did this." Pointing to my ankle. "You did this" pointing to my nuts.

She handed me a pill of some kind and said, "Well anyway take these and stay here for a while. Ok?"

"Sure, all the guys are going to the bar and I'm not old enough to drink anyway. Oh, and even if I could I would rather hang out with a pretty girl any day." I quickly added. 

"Ok. That is the second time you have said that. Do you really find me attractive? All the girls we hang out with are tall blond and have legs that go all the way up. I'm short, I have plain brown hair, and all the girls say I'm to loud to be coy, like they are."

"Coy? What the fuck does Coy have to do with anything? You have a wonderful smile, you have great curves (I mumbled an extra "Damn good curves" under my breath just loud enough for her to hear), and are possibly the most feminine woman I have ever seen. You sit, move, laugh, walk, smile, damn everything about you is just,,, sexyish, womanish, girlyish, just damn! Damn! Damn you are fine!"

She now had turned so red that if I wasn't on fire I bet I could feel the heat coming off of her. Then she leaned in and kissed me. It was a hot kiss as we were both young and full of lust, but it had a very soft side to it that I had never had from all the girls before. She also kissed in a very feminine way and it just melted me. 

My nuts really only hurt for about two minutes, and I was getting great sympathy for the made up pain, but now was not the time to be playing the sick puppy. I pulled her to me and kissed her, Well. I could feel her pressing up against me and I loved the way it felt. We sat there for the next hour and just touched and kissed each other.

It wasn't tell we stop that I remembered we were in her folks place. "Hay! Your parents got that crazy pool installed when you move out. Right?"

"Yes! I hate that pool. 12 years of begging for a pool and the year I move out they drop more on the pool then they did for my dental work, car, and fist year of college combined. That's kind of a crappy thing to do. Right?"

"Maybe, but your teeth look great. Lets go swimming."

"What about your foot and your, um, stuff." She said pointing to ice on my balls.

"Ball are all good and the foot might like the water, or it might hate it but I will risk it. Lets go."

She changed into a great one piece and came out of the closet. "How do I look?"

You look great, but don't you have a bikini? I will be swimming in my boxers, you know."

"I'm not wearing a bikini in front of you."

"I just told you how attractive I found you, what's the big deal?"

This got her to go back in and change, but what she came out in I was not expecting. She was wearing a bikini top that was maybe four inches of material in the whole thing. It barely covered her nipples. The bottoms were not much better. It was a small triangle in the front and just a string in the back.

"Holy Shit!" was probably not the right thing to say, but, I was young and dumb.

I immediately followed that up with "NO! Wait! Stop! Don't change back!" as I jumped out of bed cringing and hobbling to her. 

I stuck my hurt foot in-between the door and the doorframe as she closed it. This was a bad idea, and as I screamed she through the door open hitting me in the head. 

As I lay on the floor bleeding from above my eye, I never stop looking at her. This is not the best way to keep her from changing but it did work. She is amazing. Probably the sexiest woman I have ever seen. Even as she is dabbing my head she has her body stretched out over mine. She arches her back when she gets up and bends sharply at the waist to pick up the ice off my throbbing foot. She has been taking care of me on the floor for about 10 minutes and she thinks the pool will be the best place for my foot. I think I may end up drowning as the day seems to be trying to kill me, but if I get to see and feel her wet in that suit I will die happy and with a raging hard on.

The water is amazing on my foot and the pool is awesome. 

"This is much better then braces," she said next to me.

We swim to the bench under the waterfall and we start kissing again. She loves to be kissed apparently and I am more than happy to give her anything she wants. It was very loud under the waterfall and we both agreed we wanted libations, so we swam to the other side of the pool where it slopes out like a beach. I pulled my self to the edge first so I could watch her walk out of the pool. It was amazing and I never took my eyes off of her tell she came back and handed me my drink.

"So, you got a fish in your pants or are you just happy to see me?" she said looking at my fully erect dick.

I looked down and noticed it was peaking out of my suit.

"HO! Sorry." I said as I tucked in back in.

She stepped over my legs and took hold of my trunks and started to pull. I quickly moved it over my dick and let her have them. She carefully took them off over my hurt foot and as she did I was able to get a hold of the bathing suit string on her hip and pull. Her bottoms fell to my side. I look her in the eye and she was staring at me with a crazy sexy "come fuck me look." She went to her knees and sat her pussy right on my hard dick. She bent down and slides her tongue into my mouth as she slid her clit up and down my dick. She lifts herself up and takes me inside her.

As she sits up on my lap and undoes her top she asks, "so, how is your foot?"

"What foot. I'm not even sure if I have feet right now."

She just laughs and starts moving up and down on me. The strokes are long and slow to begin with but then move to a much quicker pace. As we fucked I thought about her comfort on this rocky ground. I told her we need to move the party to a softer spot and she agreed. She grabbed a cushion from the pool chair and swam back to the bench under the waterfall. As we swam across the pool the lights in the pool came on and lit up everything but the cave under the waterfall. It was nice and dark in the cave now and I laid her on the cushion. I spread her legs into a position that put me in the water and her legs over my shoulders. I moved in and gently kissed her on the inner thigh and continued to kiss my way down to her clit. As my tongue found what it was looking for she let out with a giggly moan and her legs shook. As I started to work her clit this just continued to build until she was moaning loudly and her legs were squeezing my head. Her hips started to buck and she had a whole body orgasm. 

When her legs released my head I quickly came out of the water and slid myself inside her. This took her breath away. I slowly moved myself in and out of her while she continued to come down from her orgasm. We kissed and touch each other as we slowly fucked in the dark of the cave. We did this until we both started to heat up again. 

She was getting excited as I started to pick up my speed and pressure until we were both moaning loudly and ready to cum. I made sure she started her orgasm before I allowed myself to start mine, but when her nails scratched my back and she became very quiet I figured she was ready to go and I started to cum. The action of me cumming made her orgasm even more intense and her nails raked down my back and her teeth entered my shoulder. I had never felt this before and the pain made the orgasm incredible.

As we both slowed and caught out breath we could hear noises over the sound of the waterfall. We didn't pay any attention to it tell we heard the splash of someone jumping into the pool. We both quickly sat up and looked through the waterfall to see the outlines of quite a few people around the pool.

"My brother is home!!!" she said with a panic in her voice.

"Your older brother right? We can't be here without clothes if your 17 year old brother and his friends are out there."

"Yes, my older brother, but I can't be out there nude in front of them either!!!" she said and I could hear the panic in her voice again.

"Liston, they are in the pool. It is only a matter of time before they come in here. We look like we are doing something wrong and make a break for it or we could walk out like this is completely normal. It works if you follow my lead."

"You're insane, but I can't think of any other way to do it. Lets go." She says as she takes my hand.

We dip back into the water hidden by the waterfall and swim forward through the water. As we come out the other side no one notices us right away, and even if they did it would be to hard to tell we had no swim suits under water. When we make it to the side of the pool is the first time any notices us, but we also notice the pool is not the only place people are. The house is full.

"Hey sis, what are you two doing? Why aren't you at your place?" her brother asks.

She says nothing and does not even look at him as we take the stairs out of the pool. We are still holding hands and walking like we do this all the time. When we step up on the first step her boobs come out of the water, all I can hear is her brother taking in a deep breath. 

I turn to her a say, "Just keep walking."

We make it all the way out of the pool and her brother just turns from embarrassment as we head into the house through the large double doors. We walk through like we there is nothing wrong and we head straight for the stairs, but on our way she becomes so excited about what we are doing she makes eye contact with a friend of her brothers she knows that is standing by the stairs and as we walk by she takes the beer right out of his hand. It wasn't until we started to stroll up the stairs that I realized the room was completely quiet. It was not tell we reached the top that the first catcall was sounded, and it was a girl yelling "look at those tits!" the room went crazy! By the time we made it to her room the whole house was applauding us.

I held the door she walked through. As I came in behind her and shut the door we could still hear the noise coming from the rest of the house. She turned to me and laid the biggest kiss on me, I have ever had. 

"THAT WAS AWESOME!!!" she yelled at the top of her lungs. She had a huge smile on her face.

I replied, "Do you want to go back out there and do it again?"

"FUCK NO!" she said as she took a big gulp of the beer.

My foot is killing me and I bind down to try and see how bad it looks, as I move to stand back up I see her putting on a bra. 


"Wait one damn minute. What do you think your doing? Get your naked ass in the bed, I am far from done with you."

She looks at me dumfounded. 

"What? We had sex what are we going to do now?"

"Oh baby, you're with me now. This night has just begun. We won't be done tell the sun comes up. As a matter of fact, when do your parents get back? This could go for days if I had my way. Do you like the song "Driving slow on Sunday morning?""

We did have one more interruption, as her brother walked in her room about 10 minutes later. I had her bent over the bed doing her from behind and he just stopped and closed his eyes and looked like he was going to say something until she let out a loud moan and said "Fuck me harder, you son of a bitch!" He quickly shut the door. That will be a picture he will never be able to get out of his head.

We did this for a few more hours and fell asleep as the sun came up. We spent the next two days ordering delivery and eating it in the nude. My foot was better by Monday but the rest of my muscles hurt and we were both walking funny, so the last day we did more kissing and cuddling than having sex and the sex we did have was soft and slow. 

I went back to work on Tuesday, but those were the nights we fell in love. We were not out of each other's sight for that whole summer. It was the best summer of my life. That spring I joint the military and she went to college. We did not see each other again until now. Well I still hand not seen her I just heard her voice.

I get my baring and stand. I take a deep breath and turn to see her. She looks amazing at 50...

But things just get so crazy, living life gets hard to do

And I would gladly hit the road, get up and go if I knew

That someday it would lead me back to you

That someday it would lead me back to you