 "You're wearing me out," Allison said with a lazy smile. They were still sprawled on the kitchen floor. She didn't even have the energy to close her legs. He'd thrust into her with a hard and steady rhythm, reaching between them to rub her clit, making sure she came again before he did.

Jesse propped up on his side next to her and pushed a few strands of hair back from her face. "I think you just need more stamina." He gave her a wicked grin. "You need to build up endurance, practice more."

"And you're my personal trainer?"

"Absolutely." He jumped to his feet and offered her his hand. "Come on. You're going to run up those stairs to the bathroom because I want to watch your tits bounce."

She let him pull her up, but didn't take off at a trot. Instead she leaned into him and pulled his face down to hers. She kissed him hard and deep, ending by sucking on his lower lip. Finished, she stepped back and grinned at him. "What if I want to watch you run up the stairs?"

He took off, taking the steps two at a time.

She watched the play of muscles in his legs and butt as he moved. He had a beautiful body. Suddenly she wanted to touch him again.

"It's your turn," he called from the top of the stairs.

She ran up them and into his arms at the top. "Was it everything you thought it would be?" she teased.

"And more," he said with a laugh as he pulled her into the bathroom. "Come here. Now I want to watch you clean up." He wet a washrag with warm water and handed it to her.

She started at the base of her neck, washing her skin, rubbing her breasts with the cloth. She stopped several times to rewet the rag, then started again. Wiping her belly and finally raising one leg and resting her foot on the edge of the sink, she cleaned herself between her legs.

Jesse followed the whole process with rapt attention.

When she was finished, she rinsed the cloth out again and used it on him. He'd disposed of the condom, but he was still slightly sticky, and she held his cock and cleaned it thoroughly. Then she rewet the rag and rubbed it over his balls.

Satisfied that they were both spic and span, she tossed the washcloth in the sink and grabbed his hand. "Let's rest a while, okay?"

He nodded and steered her toward Carrie's room.

Walking through the door of her best friend's bedroom with him was a surreal experience. The purple and white room filled with cheer stuff, photo frames, and posters of pop musicians and movie stars dressed as sparkly vampires looked exactly the same. But it felt different. And the unmade full sized bed with the rumpled lavender sheets looked very different.

"Lay down," Jesse said, gently nudging her forward.

She stretched out on the bed and he crawled in beside her, pulling her close. Her heart beat furiously in her chest.

"Relax," he whispered in her ear. "How's it even possible for you to be this tense after having so many orgasms today?"

"This feels so... dirty."

"So?" He pressed his hand to her chest and she knew he could feel the frantic thump of her heart.

"I don't know... It's weird. It's Carrie's room. It feels like we shouldn't be doing this in here."

"It feels like we shouldn't, so we should go to my room? Or it feels like we shouldn't. and it's turning you on so we should stay here?"

"I think you already know the answer to that."

He wrapped his arm around her and gave her a squeeze. "So relax then."

"I'm trying. But there are pictures of me and your sister all over this room."

He stroked her hair. "So don't look at them. Look at something else. Do you like that movie?" he asked, nodding toward the vampire poster.

She shrugged, "Yeah, kind of..."

"Figures," he said with a groan.

They laid there, pressed against each other and just talked for almost an hour. Movies, music, tv, college, they covered it all. She discovered that she liked him—his personality, not just his body and sexual skills.

When he began to tweak her nipples she sighed with pleasure and asked him to pinch a little harder. Soon his mouth joined his hands.

"God, Allison," he murmured, his voice muffled because he didn't raise his head. "I could suck these for hours."

She let out a little whimper. Those would be some very sweet hours.

His tongue laved her skin, licking all of her breasts—the tops, the sides all the way to the border of her armpit, the sensitive undersides where they curved up to her upturned nipples. He nibbled, he sucked, he pinched, and she reveled in it all, letting him play however he wanted.

Finally he lifted his head. "Are you wet?"

She parted her thighs. "Feel and see." She knew she was soaked. All that attention to her breasts had left her hot all over.

He didn't just feel, he probed, inserting first one, then two, then three fingers. In and out, he worked her pussy with his hand until she was moaning and arching her back. Then he left her and rolled off the bed.

"What are you doing?" she asked, fidgeting and trying to resist the urge to replace his hand with her own.

He opened the drawer of the nightstand. "I told you I was going to fuck you with this," he said and held up a long, fat, purple jelly dong.

"Oh my God! Where'd she even get that?"

Jesse shrugged. "You'd have to ask her, but I'd say the internet is a safe bet."

"If I asked her, she'd want to know how I found out about it." She reached out to him, running her hand over the curve of his ass, loving the feel of his skin. "That would be an awkward conversation."

He grabbed her hand and raised it to his lips, pressing a soft kiss to her palm before letting her go. "You mean you don't want to tell her that you fucked her brother in her bed."

She groaned and he grinned.

"God, you're hot. And dirty. This turns you on." His tone was teasing.

She licked her lips as she watched him pull a tube of KY out of the drawer and squirt it on the dildo. Then he spread it all over the shaft with his hand. It was bigger than Jesse—just a little bit longer, a lot thicker. She was going to feel so full with that inside her. She wanted it.

"I don't know how you do this to me," she said quietly as he got back into bed with her.

"Do what?" He pushed her legs wide apart and sat between them.

"Make me want things. Dirty things. I'm not a slut. You know that, right?"

He laid his hand on her belly and looked her in the eye. "I don't think you're a slut. I think you're passionate, and I think you're discovering sex. And I'm loving watching you figure out what you like. I love that pushing the limits turns you on and that you don't shy away from anything. You're sexy and uninhibited, but that doesn't make you a slut."

She nodded and smiled at him. It was a weird and kind of ridiculous conversation to be having considering where she was, who she was with, and what they were doing. But the reassurance calmed her.

"Tilt your hips up," he instructed. He splayed his fingers on one hand and parted her pussy lips. With the other hand he pushed the cool dildo into her. He eased it in, just a little at a time, letting her adjust to the girth.

It stretched her, but her wetness and the lube made it easier. It felt huge though—a little uncomfortable, yet sexy. The sexiest thing about it was Jesse's face as he watched it go in. His pupils dilated and his lips parted. His gaze was locked on her pussy as he pushed the toy further and further inside.

"How's it feel?" he asked, his voice strained.

"Big."

He slid it out, then back in, still slowly but gradually a little faster.

"How's that feel?"

"Oh, fuck," she gasped. "Go easy."

He slowed again, pressing it into her. Then he left it and shifted his position on the bed.

"What are you.... Ohhhhhh." She moaned as he drug his tongue over her protruding clit.

He licked and lapped at her, making her wild. Her hands went to her breasts and she pulled hard on her nipples as he did dirty things to her with his tongue. When he twisted the dildo inside her, spinning it as he gently sucked her clit, she climaxed with a squeal.

Her vaginal muscles clamped down hard on the massive object inside her, trying to milk it. He released her clit and pumped the dildo in and out as she thrashed on the mattress. He kept stimulating her, kept moving the dildo until she grabbed his wrist with her hand and pushed him away. Even after that, she lay twitching for several seconds.

She floated back to reality and realized the dong was still about halfway inside her. Bearing down, she pushed it out with her vaginal muscles and felt it land between her legs on the sheets.

"Allison," Jesse breathed against her hip. "You're literally dripping. I'm watching your juices pool on the sheets. Do you have any idea what that does to me?"

With effort, she lifted her hand and ruffled his hair. "I've got an idea," she said dreamily. She loved that he loved making her come, that he got so turned on by her pleasure.

"Roll over and get on all fours," he said as he got out of bed and rummaged up a condom. Then he guided her hips into the position he wanted—right at the edge of the bed so he could stand behind her. With his right hand he pushed between her shoulder blades and she lowered her head to the mattress.

She felt exposed with her ass sticking up in the air, but she didn't have long to think about it before Jesse thrust into her hard. He was gripping her hips with both hands, holding her still as he drove into her again and again and again. His balls slapping against her.

She let out a little grunt every time he slammed in to the hilt. He wasn't hurting her, but it was a little rough. She liked it. She especially liked the sounds tearing from his throat. He sounded wild, out of control. He'd really been pushed to his limits...by her. The thought was empowering.

Finally he climaxed, slumping over her, holding himself up with his arms, but still putting a lot of weight on her. His cock was still inside her. She waited, not moving, letting him catch his breath.

When he did pull out of her and stand, she rolled across the mattress making room for him. He fell onto the bed beside her, wiped out. She got up and got some tissue out of the bathroom to clean him off and dispose of the condom, then she snuggled up next to him and watched him while he slept.