 Allison showered then wondered down the upstairs hall of Carrie's house. She was completely naked. Jesse's last words to her before she'd gone upstairs to the bathroom had been, "no clothes." She'd never spent much time naked, not because she was too reserved to enjoy the feeling of being naked, but more out of a lack of opportunity. She had two brothers at home, so her privacy was limited. She was a little self conscious though, and unsure of how Jesse would act towards her when she went downstairs. She didn't want to go down there completely uncovered.

She paused in front of Carrie's room. She could find one of her friend's loose robes or oversized T-shirts. She'd rather wear one of Jesse's shirts, but she didn't want to go in his room without his knowledge. So she rummaged in Carrie's closet until she found a pink, knee length satin robe with a white sash.

She found Jesse in the kitchen with a beer in his hand and a white pool towel wrapped around his waist. "You should never wear clothes," he said when he saw her.

"I'm not a nudist."

"You should be. You've got tits like a porn star." He parted her robe and pressed the cold beer bottle to her nipples and watched them tighten into hard dark buds.

She gasped and shivered at the sudden cold against her flesh.

Then she moaned when he replaced the cold with the heat of his mouth.

He pulled on the hem of the robe and it slid off her shoulders and pooled at her feet.

"Much better," he said, looking her up and down.

"You keep undressing me."

"You like it."

She did. She'd never let any guy touch her except Rodney. She'd always thought she was saving herself for somebody she loved. And she'd thought she'd loved Rodney, but then the physical stuff with him was disappointing and he turned out to be a jerk. And Jesse was sexy and experienced. She barely knew him, but she'd let him have sex with her. She'd let him inside her body. And oddly, she didn't feel bad about it. She might later, but right now, she just wanted to feel him inside her again.

"You like it when I look at you. That's why you swing your hips when you walk."

Busted. She licked her lips and met his gaze, not saying anything.

"You like it when I touch you. That's why your nipples do this." He tweaked the dark tips of her breasts and they pebbled.

"You like it when I talk dirty to you." He slipped his hand between her legs and dipped a finger into her juices. She gasped and her lips parted. "That's why you're so wet." He traced her lips with his glistening finger, then put it inside her mouth. She instinctively sucked.

"You like sex," he said as he took his hand back.

She hadn't liked sex with Rodney. "I like sex with you," she said.

"Good." He kissed her, a deep drugging kiss. His hands tangled in her hair and he held her mouth hard against his as his tongue slid against hers, between her lips, in and out.

She gripped his back, her nails digging into his skin as she pressed her whole body against his, unable to get close enough. When he tore his mouth from hers she leaned her head back, breathing hard. "Oh, god," she panted.

His hands were on her shoulders, pressing down. She raised her head to look at him and he kissed the center of her forehead, then pushed down on her shoulders again. She dropped to her knees in front of him, his erect cock in front of her face. The kitchen tile was cold and hard. She slid the towel that had fallen from his waist under her and wrapped her fingers around his smooth hardness. She breathed in the scent of him. He'd showered too, and she pressed her cheek against his shaft and buried her nose in the dark hair surrounding the base of his penis. He smelled spicy, soapy, musky.

The fingers of one hand explored his length, rubbing over the ridged veins, while with the other, she cupped his balls. She felt something wet on her fingers and leaned back to see. Pre-come oozed from the opening at his tip. Raising her gaze to Jesse's face, she watched him, saw his nostrils flare as she lapped up the liquid with her tongue.

She had gone down on Rodney, but he had held her head and guided her movements. Jesse seemed content to let her do whatever she wanted, so she slid her tongue up and down his shaft like he was a sweet, sticky lollipop. And he seemed to like it because his cock twitched under her tongue.

Finally, she fisted her hands around him and took his head in her mouth, hoping she was doing this right.

Jesse groaned and buried his hands in her hair. He twisted the dark strands around his fingers and tugged as she bobbed her head, sucking harder and rubbing her tongue against the vein on the bottom of his shaft.

Then suddenly he pulled hard on her hair and slid out of her mouth. He pushed her hands away, gripped his penis, and shot white come onto her breasts in several hard spurts. She stayed on her knees, her eyes darting from Jesse's flushed face to his now still cock to her chest, where thick seamen trickled slowly down the slopes of her breasts.

"Don't move," he whispered. "God, I want a mental picture of you just like that."

After a minute he did move to the sink and wash his hands. He picked up his beer bottle and drained it.

She waited, still kneeling on the tile, but starting to feel a little cold, sticky and uncomfortable. And she was very, very wet between her legs and really needed Jesse to do something about that.

He sat down on the floor beside her. "Damn, that's cold," he said, shifting a little when his butt touched the tile. "Lay down."

She furrowed her brow. "I was hoping you were going to heat me back up, not try and freeze me to death."

"Just do it."

She stretched out on the chilly floor and gooseflesh spread over her body at the contact. She drew in a sharp breath and started to curl up in a ball, but he stopped her, taking her hands in his.

He pressed her hands into the sticky come on her breasts. "Play with your tits. I want to watch you rub my come into your skin."

She massaged herself, hesitantly at first, but after a minute or two she began to get into it. Her arousal built again and she definitely felt warmer. She pulled at her nipples and squeezed her breasts, watching Jesse's face the whole time.

"How often do you touch yourself?" he asked.

She bit her lip. It was an awfully private question.

"Every night?"

She nodded. "Pretty much."

"I figured. Carrie does too. At least during vacations and holidays."

Allison froze. "How do you know that?" It was kind of weird that he would know such intimate details about his sister.

"We share a wall. It's thin. I can't help but know that."

She nodded, rubbing her breasts again.

Jesse put his hand on her belly and ran his fingers over her smooth skin, dipping each fingertip into her bellybutton.

She ached between her legs now, and she wondered if she was leaving a puddle on floor underneath her. She wanted to push his hand lower, but she also wanted to let the anticipation build.

"I also know Carrie has a vibrator and a huge purple dong in her bedside table."

Allison's eyes widened.

"I could hear it, so one day when she wasn't home, I went looking for it. Do you fuck yourself with vibes or dildos?"

She shook her head. "I've never used one. Not a real one." She was surprised Carrie did. That was something she'd thought she would know about her best friend, but then, everybody had secrets. It's not like Carrie was aware that Allison was screwing her best friend's brother this weekend either.

"What does that mean? What have you used?"

She didn't want to answer that. She should have kept her mouth shut. She didn't know why she was so honest with Jesse—probably because he was just so frank in everything he said to her. Talking dirty didn't phase him a bit. He just...said things, like they were natural.

Jesse's fingers delved into her wetness. "God, you're soaked." He pushed two fingers inside her. "Tell me what you've put in here."

She swallowed hard. "I shouldn't have. But sometimes when I was touching myself... When I was really turned on... I just felt... Empty."

"Fuck, that's sexy." He wiggled his fingers and began to probe, looking for her G spot. When he found it, he tapped his fingers against it, fast and hard.

The wet sucking sounds of her pussy against his hand made her wild. She spread her legs wider and pinched her nipples hard.

"You like that?" He said with a smile.

"Yes," she hissed through clenched teeth. "Don't stop."

He didn't stop, but he slowed down and eased the pressure.

"No..." She groaned and bucked her hips.

"Tell me what you've put in your pussy."

"A hairbrush handle," she said softly.

"I'd like to see that. See you brushing your hair, then rubbing your nipples with the bristles, then shoving it in you. What else have you used?"

"An empty make-up remover bottle." She refused to look at him. She was embarrassed to be telling him this, but he had his fingers inside her, so it didn't make sense to be embarrassed about anything. And his fingers felt so good... She'd tell him anything he wanted to know as long as he kept doing this to her.

"Did it feel good?"

She nodded and met his gaze. "It was thick."

His eyes looked glazed and he cleared his throat before speaking again.

"After I finally let you come," he said, holding his hand completely still now. I'm gonna take you upstairs and fuck you with Carrie's fat plastic dick."

She lost control when he started fingering her again. Writhing and bucking on the tile floor, squeezing her breasts so hard she'd probably have bruises, visions of Jesse carrying her upstairs and laying her on Carrie's bed—a bed she'd innocently slept in with Carrie dozens of times, a bed she associated with high school memories and friendship floated through her mind. It felt dirty but turned her on beyond belief.

Her orgasm hit her hard, sending her spiraling and leaving her twitching with aftershocks for several minutes.

Jesse sat beside her and just watched the emotions play across her face—the expression that looked like pain that was really intense pleasure. He watched the way her breasts moved with her labored breathing, the way her nipples relaxed after her orgasm, the way she restlessly shifted her legs and rubbed her thighs together. His cock throbbed painfully.

"I lied," he said.

"What?" she murmured.

"I can't fuck you with the dildo next. I have to fuck you. Right now."

Allison smiled, spread her legs and tilted her hips up in invitation.