 When I was nineteen my cousin called me one day and wanted to talk about finding an apartment together. The option of having my own place had occurred to me but I hadn't put too much effort into doing anything about it really. Living with my cousin could be fun since we shared a lot of similar interest and similar social circles. I told her it sounded like fun and we started looking at what options we had. 

Of course we found really nice apartments that we couldn't afford and them some ones we could afford but didn't want to even chance being in the neighborhoods they were located in. We found kind of a middle ground with some lower income apartments that were income based and they had just built a new set of buildings in an okay part of town. We put in our application and were welcomed in and given an apartment. 

Our place was pretty basic. It had one bathroom, two bedrooms, a kitchen and a living area and a hall closet. We really didn't need much more than that though. We had off the street parking, a central area in middle of all the apartments with laundry and we were on the bottom floor so no stairs and we didn't have to worry about being too loud walking around our place. 

So came the time to ask our families about old furniture that they no longer needed and then we went and bought what we could. I believe we got a couch, recliner, a couple of beds, and then we went and bought desk for our rooms and an entertainment center. We stocked the rest with stuff we already had and some more help from our families. 

The first week was pretty low key as our families came over to visit and we met our neighbors and got used to having our own place. I think my father drove by at least once every night to make sure we hadn't burned the place down. 

After that is when we got to truly celebrate. Amanda was a waitress and knew some people that were good at hosting parties and our apartment became the place to go. Most of our neighbors were around the same age so we basically had an open door policy in our section of the building during the weekends. We kept the noise contained and didn't do anything too stupid and we had a good time. 

This is the point where I'll take a moment to explain a little about my cousin. Amanda fell in love with sex and all the parts of it from the first time a guy undid her pants. At the same time, she rarely turned down someone asking to have sex with her even if she was with someone else. She would say you have to try a little of everything. I was used to meeting her current boyfriend once and then never again. 

This is where James comes in. A month into us having our own place one of Amanda's coworkers brings over this tall, well-built guy with a military cut and glasses. Mandy had known him for all of five minutes before she tells me she is going to fuck him. She stayed true to her word too as that I went to sleep to the sounds of her screaming fuck as they humped like rabbits. 

The odd thing though was James continued to stay around and for the most part Amanda flirted but at night it was those two going off into her bedroom. After a month James was practically a roommate to us. Talking with Amanda she said he was better in bed than anyone she had been with yet and she was going to make sure she got all she could before it was over. James and I became friends but never did we really discuss the finer points of sex with my cousin. 

I enjoyed sex a lot too but I was far from as outgoing as my cousin was. Three months in I think my cousin found her bed shared more than it had not been. I had had sex twice in my bedroom but both were just fun one night events. My sexual appetite found itself filled by my fingers and vibrator most nights. 

Fast forward one month and my cousin Amanda is out of town for a weekend to visit her grandfather who is sick. James is living with us now so it is not uncommon when I come home and he is watching TV or out in the kitchen. One Saturday I worked an early shift at the college and was done by noon so I went home to kind of be lazy for the rest of the afternoon anyways. I pull up and see James car in the lot and don't think much of it. I park and go inside and the TV is on but he is not in the living room or the kitchen. I kind of hear something coming from the bedrooms though so I go down the hallway slowly to check.

As I come into view of the bedrooms I see James, naked, sitting on the end of Amanda's bed with a pair of her underwear wrapped around his penis as he is stroking away with his head back and his eyes closed. Besides seeing something I know I shouldn't be seeing it immediately comes to my attention that James is very gifted in his penis size. He is long and thick compared to the people I had been with. It clicks in my head as to why my cousin is taking this for all that it is worth.

It didn't occur to me that I was staring till James' hand stopped moving. I looked up to find him staring right back at me. In a flash I apologized and turned around and heard Amanda's door close. I wasn't sure if I should leave, stay, or what so I choose to go to my room and close the door. 

Once in my room I changed my clothes and then looked around my room for something to do. I looked at the books I was reading, my computer, my schoolwork and none of them seemed right as I knew none of them would suddenly make me forget what I had just seen. I gave up and went over to my wall to see if I could hear anything coming from Amanda's room. I couldn't tell if James had decided to finish or was sitting in there just as concerned as I was. In the end I decided anything done at this moment would be far too awkward and grabbed my keys and left.

I spent the rest of the day hanging out with my brother and a few of his friends. On the way home I didn't feel as nervous if I did run into James. He had been masturbating and hey I did the same thing so what was the big deal. I used a vibrator and he used his girlfriend's underwear. My plan was to laugh it off and just move beyond it. 

As I pulled in the lot James' car was still in the same place so I was pretty sure he had not gone anywhere. My nervousness did pick up when I realized I was actually going to have to talk to him beyond just going over it in my head.

I went into the apartment and James was fully dressed watching TV. We both said hello and I went and sat in the recliner. We exchanged some small talk about what he was watching and how the day went before I swallowed hard and apologized for walking in on him. He shook his head and began apologizing for having the door open. Then we both kind of laughed it off and I said I was going to call it an early night since I was tired. Honestly I still felt a little awkward and decided to play the coward and go to my bedroom. 

Before going in though I went to use the bathroom and as I was washing my face I looked over to my laundry hamper and saw a pair of my underwear on the very top of everything. Now this is unusual for me most times as I try to put all my underwear on the bottom and cover it all with my jeans so not everyone using the bathroom is looking at them. I went over to my hamper to shove them to the bottom and when I grabbed them there was something dried on the inside of them. 

Suddenly the image clicks in my head of James with Amanda's underwear wrapped around the shaft of his penis as he was jacking off. Had James grabbed my underwear and done the same? Had he thought they had been a pair of Amanda's? No, he would have had to reach down and pull them out. This pair I had worn just a few days ago and I had not had sex in that time so it was not from someone I had been with. Maybe it wasn't the person and he just liked jacking off with women's underwear. Either way I was back to full nervousness but with a hint of excitement. I started thinking of the image I had seen that day but my underwear wrapped around his penis. James thinking of using his large member on me. The idea hit the sweet spot of my mind.

I quickly took my underwear and crossed between the bathroom and my bedroom without even looking down the hall. Once inside I turned on the small lamp by my bed but left the room light off. I took off my jeans and underwear kicking them to the side and slid the underwear from the bathroom on. The simple black thong conformed well to my body as I caught a glimpse of myself in them and my blue tee shirt. I laid down in my bed and began rubbing my clit through them continuing my thought of James with my underwear going to town. I began to rub with more pressure and along the total length of my slit as the thought filled my mind. I guess I didn't hear the knock but I realized my door was opening. I quickly tried to pull up my covers to hide what I had been doing. 

James came in and was beginning to say something when he stopped and was staring down at me. I figured I was caught due to the fact I was breathing hard and I'm sure my scramble for covers hadn't been unnoticed. When I looked down to where James was looking though I saw that in pulling my covers up in a rush I had covered one leg and the other leg only from the thigh down. You could clearly see the underwear. 

I went to say something and James came further into my bedroom and sat on the edge of my bed. He reached over and pulled the covers back reveling the entire sight of me in the underwear I was pretty sure had him semen dried on them. On pulling his hand back he ran his finger across the fabric by my waist. 

My mind ripped into two pieces at this point. The first piece saying stop this, he just walked in on you masturbating and by the way he is dating or at least fucking your cousin on a standard basis. The second side was ready to find out if what Amanda had said about James being a great lay was true. Guess which side won?

James again ran his finger across the fabric of the underwear but this time down to between my legs. I found myself spreading them open as he pushed the fabric against my opening and then running his finger up to my clit. At the same time, he bent over and his mouth met mine as our tongues connected. His hand continued to rub me in the same manner I had been doing before as we began to make out. He repositioned himself so he was lying next to me on my bed. I was flat on my back and he was on his side. 

James hand soon made its way up to under my shirt as he began massaging my breast. I reached down and pulled the front of my shirt up exposing them. I then pulled down my bra. He leaned in and took one of my nipples into his mouth as he began sucking on it. I ran my hand across the back of his head as he began sucking on the other nipple. He went back and forth between them sucking on them and gently biting them before he stopped and stood up. He looked down at them as they stood hard. He asked me to take off my shirt and bra.

As I pulled my shirt over my head and spun my bra around undoing the fastener James took off his pants and boxers. Tossing my clothes to the side I once again got to see just how well hung James was and this time it was for me. I laid back down on my bed as James straddled my stomach placing himself between my breast. Given I had bigger breast that most women I knew I was not uncommon what men wanted to do with them. I placed my hands on the outside of them and pushed them together around James penis. He was long enough to where I could lean my head down and lick the head of him. He began thrusting between my breast. I watched as he came close to my face before pulling back. I decided to lean forward and stick out my tongue so every time he thrust forward I would lick the head of his penis. He grabbed a pillow and propped it behind my head so I would stay that way. After getting the pillow into position he resumed his hip motion but leaned back. I felt his hand again begin to rub between my leg. I propped them open and my knees up so he could have full access. Being teased with his taste and having him rubbing my now swollen clit and wet lips felt amazing. 

After a few minutes he must have had enough of my teasing as he stopped rubbing between my legs and halted his thrusting between my breast. He rolled off to the side of me and leaned back. Once again I was pretty good at reading the signs. I rolled over and lowered my head and kissed the head of penis a few times before opening my mouth and taking the head in. Wrapping my lips around the base of his head and going down a little he filled my mouth. I immediately loved the taste of him on my tongue. He almost had a sweetness that I had not tasted with another man. I tried taking in as much of him as I could and sucking as tight as I could to try and grab as much flavor. Every time I pushed a little deeper till I felt my gag reflex begin and then I would release. I wondered just how much I could take in and began challenging myself pushing deeper and trying to hold longer. 

By accident I went a little too hard and went past my gag reflex. I started to gag but then it stopped and held. My throat felt stuffed but James' entire body tensed as I did so. On the way up my gag finished as my reflex was once again passed. I looked up to see James smiling and breathing heavily I felt him put firm pressure on the back of my head. I guess I was doing a good job. This time I went fast and deep on purpose once again hitting my reflex but pushing past it. My throat resisted but if I pushed it gave way and deeper he went. On the way out I would gag and my throat would be sore but I wanted to see how far it could be pushed. A few more practice pushes and I pushed hard. My throat screamed but more and more went in. James must have felt this was the moment as he pushed hard on the back of my head but all of him went down my throat till I felt my lips at the base of his penis. On coming out I almost felt like I was going to throat up and I struggled to catch my breath and wipe away the strings of saliva. 

I was considering trying again but James grabbed my shoulders and pushed them down on the bed. He moved so that he was between my legs. Then he grabbed the sides on my underwear and pulled them down. I put my legs together and off to the side of his as he took them off then once again spread them with him between them. I must have woken a beast with my attempts to deep throat because there was no patience in James anymore. He put the head of his penis at my opening and once it began to spread he drove deep quickly. I gasped and arched as all of him went in till he was against me. He grabbed my ankles and pushed my legs up and out as he started thrusting. Normally I try to control my noises during sex due to thin walls but there was no controlling this. I moaned and gasped for air as he gave me everything whether I was ready or not. He pushed my legs further and further up till my knees were beside me practically and my ankles next to my head. 

It seemed like only a minute in and I began having my first orgasm. I grabbed and pulled at the bed under me. All my muscles tightened on anything they could. The feelings or warmth and satisfaction flooded me in waves like never before. James was not even slowing down though. His eyes were focused and determined. Soon my body began building again as the second one had started. I had never had multiple orgasms during sex before. 

James pinned me down hard thrusting harder and faster. I gave up any attempt at composure moaning, cussing, praying to God whatever jumped to my lips. A second orgasm rocked my body again as everything clamped down, flooded, and then was told to continue. I was a good way to a third one when James' thrust became slowed but hard and as deep as possible. With one final thrust he did everything to pin me down and I could actually feel him cuming inside of me. I had had sex lots of times and unprotected a few of those and never felt them actually cuming. Here it was though as I felt his penis pulsing between my legs and the squirts of semen going into me. I sat there just loving the feeling of everything as we stayed pinned together. 

The pulsing began to fade and I could no longer feel the squirting and James began to release his pin on me. As my legs were allowed to go down all the muscles in them screamed in protest. You could still see the hand marks around my ankles as he let go. He pulled out and I tried to sit up as even my abs were objecting to movement. His penis had gone semi-soft and glistened covered with fluids. Both of us were breathing hard as we looked at each other and just laughed. James said he should go as he stood up and grabbed his clothes and left my bedroom closing the door behind him.

After he left I gave up on doing anything else and collapsed on my bed. I was too tired to dream and before I even knew it my eyes opened to sun coming in through the window. Everything hurt as I moved to get up. Putting on some sweats and a shirt felt like I had just been beaten around the block for a week. I looked down at my sheets and saw a large stain that I imagine was fluids leaking out of me during the night. I opened my door and headed out into the living room. 

James didn't seem to be there and I was somewhat happy for that as I didn't want to seem as in bad of shape as I felt. I went over to the cupboard and took out some pain killers and took them with a glass of water. They burned the entire way down and it felt like I was trying to swallow a baseball with each pill. I started thinking about things that had gone one. First I had had unprotected sex but I should be getting my period soon so I felt pretty safe in that. Second I had slept, no scratch that, I had been fucked by my cousin's for all purposes boyfriend. I was pretty sure that was something that should never come up between us. The final thought was one that kind of caught me off guard, it was how was I going to get to do it again.