 This is my first voyage into the world of literotica. Please let me know what you think.

Ch 1

There was a knock at the door. "Shit." Kevin quickly stuffed himself back in and zipped his jeans. He hit the stop button and quickly changed the channel. As he went to answer the door he thanked God that he had yet to become fully aroused.

Kevin opened the door and stared in surprise at his son's girlfriend. "Kelley, what are you doing here?"

"I came to see Shawn, is he here?"

"No, he's at work. He should be back in about an hour."

"Oh. Well do you mind if I stay? I really want to see him and by the time I get home it will be time to turn around and come back."

"Of course not. Come on in. I was just about to watch some TV. We can watch together."

"Thanks," Kelley said as she sat down on the couch. "Do you mind if I see what's on?" Kelley asked as she picked up the remote.

"No, go right ahead."

Kelley flipped through the stations, saddened but not shocked to find nothing good on. 

"Maybe we should just put a movie on," she said.

"That's a good idea," Kevin replied. "Shawn has an extensive collection. I'm sure we can find something."

Kelley changed the channel so that they could watch a movie.

"What are you doing," asked Kevin slightly panicked. "Don't you want to look at his collection?"

"Shawn almost always has a movie in the player," Kelley replied. "I'm sure whatever it is it will be enjoyable."

Kevin held his breath and prayed for the best as Kelley pressed play.

Kelley's eyes were glued to the screen when the girl on girl orgy once again appeared on the screen. Kelley sucked in her breath. "Is this what I think it is?" she asked.

"I don't know where this came from," Kevin said. "Let me shut it off and find something else." "No, wait," Kelley replied. "This is kind of interesting. I wonder what the plot is. Do you mind if I start it over from the beginning?" Without waiting for a response Kelley did just that.

As Kevin watched the movie yet again he couldn't help but look over at Kelley and wonder at his luck. He had thought his son's girlfriend incredibly cute that first day he had brought her home two years ago when she was 16. Now at 18 she was a verifiable hotty. He couldn't believe he was sitting on his couch watching porn with this beautiful girl. "God, I want her," he thought to himself. He felt himself growing hard and quickly turned his attention back to the movie so she wouldn't notice him staring at her.

Kelley felt her boyfriend's father looking at her. She continued to watch the movie and let him admire her. The idea that he might want her turned her on. Shawn was good looking for a teenager, but he was nothing compared to his father. She remembered that first day Shawn had brought her home to meet his dad two years ago. Kelley's jaw had almost dropped to the ground when she saw him. Later she had turned to Shawn and said "Your dad is gorgeous.

"You think so?" Shawn asked, sounding hurt.

Quickly realizing her mistake she kissed him and said "Someday you'll look just like him. That's a good future to have." That had seemed to work as he quickly began kissing her and running his hands over her body.

Kelley felt Kevin's attention move back to the show and glanced over at him. God he was hot. Kelley looked down and noticed how hard he was. She thought of how amazing it would be to have that cock inside her. "I bet he knows a lot more than his son," she thought. Suddenly she had an idea of how to get what she wanted. She sucked in her breath as though she were shocked.

When Kevin turned to look at her he noticed that her eyes were locked on his stiff cock. 

"Ah, Kelley, I..." Kevin was at a loss as to what to say.

Kelley placed her hand on the bulge in his pants. "You look to be in a bad way Mr. Gallagher," Kelley said.

'I, ah..." Kevin stammered. He didn't know what else to do. His son's incredibly hot girlfriend was currently freeing his cock from the confines of his pants. He couldn't help but grin when she moaned her appreciation for the size of his cock. "God you're huge," she said as she stared down at the swollen penis not five inches from her face. He had always been proud of the size of his cock, and now was no different.

"Why don't I take care of that for you?" Kelley asked as she took him in her mouth and put all her expertise into giving him the best blowjob of his life.

Kevin looked down at the beautiful face that was sucking him off and couldn't believe it. He had dreamt of this, but he never thought it would come true. Kelley lightly bit the head of his cock and he felt himself shudder. "I can't take this," Kevin said. He grabbed fistfuls of her glorious blond hair and began shoving himself into Kelley's mouth. He face fucked her like his life depended on it, and he was starting to believe it did. He couldn't believe it. He was touching the back of her throat and she was taking all of him. It was too much. Kevin felt himself exploding in her mouth. He watched as she swallowed his cum. He kept coming and she kept swallowing. She didn't miss a drop. When he was finally empty he leaned back and looked at her in amazement. "You're fantastic. I can't believe you didn't gag."

"I've had a lot of experience."

"How much is a lot?"

Kelley just grinned up at him before she once again began to suck his cock, trying to get him hard again. As she sucked on him she used one hand to play with her nipples and the other to massage his balls. She rapidly brought him back to a state of readiness. She quickly reached up under her skirt and removed her panties. "I need to feel this huge cock inside of me. Now," Kelley said as she knelt over him and took his huge cock into her dripping pussy. As Kevin watched Kelley ride him he pulled her shirt over her head and freed her beautiful breasts. She wasn't wearing a bra and he took her left nipple into his mouth and began to suck on it to his heart's content. When he heard her moan in pleasure he turned his attention to the other nipple. He nibbled on it lightly and began to tug on it with his teeth. Suddenly Kevin gripped Kelley around the waist and tossed her onto the couch so that he was now positioned on top of her. When the phone rang Kevin was momentarily startled but then thought to himself, let the machine get it. Kelley was now circling his nipples with her tongue. As he began pumping himself into her he heard his son's voice come through the machine. They both stopped in shock. "Hey dad, it's me. I'm just calling to let you know that they need me to work overtime tonight. I won't be home for at least two hours. If Kelley comes over console her for me. See you when I get home, and in the meantime don't do anything I wouldn't do." The message ended and they heard the click signaling he had disconnected. Kevin looked down into Kelley's face. She looked suddenly uncertain but he could also see signs of lust in her eyes. He hadn't completely lost her. As he thought about his son's message he realized that it was almost as though his son had given him permission to fuck his girlfriend. After all he had told him to console her and not to do anything he wouldn't do. A good fuck was definitely a good way to console someone, and his son would definitely be fucking this girl if he were here. Even knowing he was making false rationalizations they seemed to do the trick. Kevin felt himself growing even harder than before. He leaned down and began ministering to those beautiful nipples once more. Kelley arched her back and moaned. He knew she was back and eager once again. Slowly he began to move himself in and out of her, feeling her contracting and expanding against him. He pushed himself all the way in until he felt himself touching her womb. Then he began moving faster and faster pumping himself into her. He felt his balls churning. He knew he was about to cum and he reached down and began to massage Kelley's clit. Suddenly she was right there with him and they came together. Kevin rejoiced in his second orgasm of the night as he spilt his seed inside his son's girlfriend. After resting for a moment Kevin withdrew and pulled Kelley's legs up over his shoulders. He took his tongue and ran it up her slit. Looking directly into her eyes he said "You have the most beautiful cunt I have ever seen." When she merely looked at him her eyes consumed with lust he turned his attention back to her pussy. He then proceeded to eat her out, determined to give her the same pleasure she had given him. He could taste himself on her, but he had done this before and had grown to enjoy the taste of his own seed. He stuck his tongue as far up her as he could and swirled it around enjoying the tastes he found there. He could feel her spasming and knew she was close to finding her release. He withdrew his tongue and began to worry her clit with his teeth until finally her whole body shook with her orgasm. Kevin was quick to lap up her juices as they flowed into his mouth. When Kelley had finished cumming Kevin collapsed on top of her exhausted.

"God that was unbelievable," whispered Kelley, still trying to catch her breath. 

Kevin pulled himself up her body and kissed her, swirling his tongue with hers allowing her to taste her cum. "It was my pleasure."

"It was even better than I imagined it would be."

"You thought of us?" Kevin asked in surprise.

"Didn't you?"

"Well of course I did. But I'm a guy. And you my dear are one hot girl. I always imagined you would be a fabulous fuck."

"That's sweet. I must admit, after my first time with Shawn I began to wonder how you would compare to him."

"And?"

"No comparison. Shawn's a boy. He's got a long way to go before he'll have your expertise."

Kevin felt greatly relieved by this. He had feared lately that his stamina wasn't as it had once been. But having this hot girl tell him he was a better fuck than his son was very empowering. So empowering in fact that he felt himself growing hard again. Reaching down Kevin inserted a finger into Kelley's pussy and began to work it around. Kevin was pleased to discover she was still wet. Moving down her body Kevin positioned the head of his cock directly in front of Kelley's pussy. Without even glancing at her face Kevin took a deep breath and plunged his cock deep into the dripping pussy. Kevin pulled back until he was almost completely withdrawn before plunging himself in again even deeper. This time Kevin looked up to see the expression on Kelley's face. Her eyes were closed and her head was tilted back. Her lips were parted slightly. She looked as though she were in ecstasy. Kevin pulled out and plunged in again and he watched as her lips parted even further. The expression on her face had Kevin ready to cum sooner than he would have thought possible. He began pistoning himself in and out as hard as he could, watching as Kelley's eyes fluttered. Kevin was hurting so bad he was afraid he wasn't going to be able to wait for Kelley to cum, but just as he felt himself explode he felt Kelley's pussy milking him and he knew they were cumming together. A moment later, Kevin felt himself dropping off into oblivion.

Kevin awoke to find Kelley gone and his son staring at him in amusement. Kevin looked down and was grateful to discover that Kelley had had the foresight to cover his lap with a blanket. He didn't know how he would explain his juice covered penis to his son.

"Busy night?" Shawn asked his father with a grin.

Kevin wondered what his son meant. Then when he saw his clothes on the ground and the porno on the TV he realized that his son must have assumed he has spent the night masturbating. Thank God for small favors.

"Uh, yeah," Kevin replied a bit sheepishly.

"So did Kelley' drop by?"

"Yeah, she came." And came Kevin thought with in inner smile. "When she realized you would be late she decided she didn't really want to sit and wait with your old man, so she decided to find a more entertaining way to spend her night." Kevin was proud of the way he had explained the night's activities without actually having to lie to his son.

"Okay. I'll have to call her tomorrow and apologize. I'm exhausted. See you in the morning."

"Night, son.

Kevin thought again of his activities with his son's girlfriend and fell asleep with a smile on his face.

Across town Kelley was playing with her tits remembering what it was like to have Mr. Gallagher sucking on them and having his cock pumping in and out of her pussy. Feeling feverish Kelley reached down and worked her clit until she felt herself cum. Kelley fell asleep wondering when she could again find the opportunity to fuck her boyfriend's father.

Ch 2

The next day Kelley was over Shawn's house allowing him to show her just how sorry he was that he had had to work the night before. Kelley felt his hands running up her back under her shirt fighting to unclasp her bra. Kelley felt herself growing bored as she realized just how much Shawn had to learn before he would be as good as his father. In exasperation Kelley pulled back and yanked her shirt over her head trying to give Shawn better access. Moaning in appreciation he finally managed to unclasp her bra and began to gently massage her breasts. Kelley pulled his head down to hers kissing him deeply, acknowledging that this at least was one area in which he excelled. Shawn pushed Kelley down so that she was lying on the bed. Trailing his lips down her body he began to suck on her nipples. Looking at Kelley with a smile on his lips and lust in his eyes he said "my dad's at work. We'll have the house to ourselves for the next few hours." He then returned his attention to her nipples. Kelley brought Mr. Gallagher's face to mind. Suddenly it was Mr. Gallagher sucking on her nipples. And when Shawn's fingers began to play in her pussy, it was Mr. Gallagher's fingers in her pussy. And when Shawn rammed himself into her and began to move in and out, it was Mr. Gallagher's cock that was fucking her and making her cum. When Shawn collapsed spent, Kelley realized she had just experienced the best orgasm she had ever felt with Shawn, and it had been because she had been imaging he was his father. Kelley knew she couldn't wait long before having him again.

Seeing that Shawn was asleep Kelley dressed and left the room. On her way to the front door Kelley noticed the door to Mr. Gallagher's office was slightly ajar. Seeing a light from within she went to investigate. Sitting in front of his computer with his cock in his hands was Shawn's father. Kelley walked in and shut the door.

Hearing a sound Kevin turned startled. He was shocked and excited to see Kelley walking toward him.

"I thought you were at work."

"I was. I came home early."

The whole time they were talking Kelley's eyes had been riveted to his stiff cock. "Is this for me?" Kelley asked kneeling in front of him and lowering her mouth to his lap.

"Oh yeah," Kevin said as he felt her mouth sucking him in deep. Kelley worked him until he was almost ready to come. Knowing what she really wanted Kelley stopped and moved away.

Feeling her stop Kevin groaned in disappointment. He was about to ask her why she had stopped when he opened his eyes and noticed her panties falling to the floor. He watched as Kelley hiked up her skirt and climbed onto his lap. Kelley rose over him and slowly impaled herself on his raging cock. Kevin groaned in appreciation. He closed his eyes and enjoyed the feeling of this young girl riding him. He couldn't believe he was fucking this hot piece of ass for a second time. As Kevin felt his balls begin to churn he found himself thinking that this could become an addiction.

Kelley was enjoying the ride but soon found that she wishing Kevin would take a more active role in their fucking. She had highly enjoyed his ministrations the last time they had been together and she wanted to feel his hands on her body again. She wanted his mouth roaming over her body. Kelley wanted to tell him so but didn't want to come across as being too forward. After all this was only their second fuck.

Then, tired of being a passive participant Kevin opened his eyes and sucked one of Kelley's nipples into his mouth. He played with it until it felt hard enough to cut glass. He then turned his attention to the other nipple. Kevin placed his hands on Kelley's hips and began to help her move faster and harder against him. Kevin knew he couldn't last much longer.

Kelley felt the need to scream out his name. Knowing Shawn might hear if she did only made it more exciting. The more he sucked on her nipples the more she needed to scream out her pleasure. "Oh God. Mr. Gallagher, Oh yeah. Ohhhh."

Kevin heard Kelley groaning his name. He couldn't believe how erotic her calling him Mr. Gallagher was. Knowing they were both about to cum but not wanting to alert his son Kevin sealed his mouth over Kelley's and shoved his tongue past her teeth into her waiting mouth. The kiss was deep, hard and wanton. The harder he kissed the harder Kelley rode. Suddenly they were both cumming, and groaning into each other's mouths.

Exhausted Kelley collapsed and dropped her head onto Kevin's chest. As Kevin played with her hair she thought about how she had screwed both father and son in the last hour. She also thought about how much better the father was than the son.

Kevin looked down at the beautiful girl lying spent on top of him. Smiling he asked her what she was thinking about.

"Nothing."

"Tell me."

"I was just thinking about how you've shown me what was missing from my relationship with Shawn."

Kevin thought he should feel guilty when she mentioned his son's name, but strangely enough he didn't. All he felt was immense joy that this young girl thought he was a better fuck than his teenage son. He wondered fleetingly what it would be like to watch this girl fucking his son and he found himself getting hard again. He couldn't believe what the mere thought of this girl did to him.

Kelley felt Kevin's cock growing inside her. Smiling she climbed off him and knelt in front of him. Grabbing his raging cock she guided it into her mouth and began sucking it in earnest. She could taste her own cum on him and discovered that she like it. She hadn't thought she would but it wasn't bad. Her eyes were closed so she didn't see Kevin's hand reaching down to grab her breasts, but when his hands were molded against her and he was tweaking her nipples she groaned in appreciation and began to suck him off even harder. When she knew he was about to cum she took her mouth off him and began pumping him with her hands. This time she wanted to see his cum squirting out of him. When he finally exploded she was shocked by how much there was. She wouldn't have thought there would be that much since he had already cum only a short time before. When he was done she leaned down and licked him clean.

Kevin was spent. He finally opened his eyes and watched as she wriggled her panties up over her hips. Watching as her boobs jiggled up and down all he could think about was sucking on them and pulling the panties back off. He continued to entertain that fantasy as she finished getting dressed.

The entire time she was getting dressed Kelley kept her attention fixated on Kevin's cock. She was testing a theory to see if she could get him hard again just by looking at him. If Kelley hadn't been looking so closely she might have missed those telling twitches that proved her theory was correct. She left the room with a smile and the knowledge that he would be thinking of her the rest of the night, or at least until he had eased his growing cock.

Ch 4

The next day when the phone rang Shawn grabbed for it but Kevin got to it first. "Hello."

"I'm touching myself and wishing it were you."

"Dad, is that Kelley for me?"

