 It was going to be a long drive from Western Pennsylvania to Phoenix, Arizona. I'd be making it in my small motor home that I had spent a ton on getting it ready for the trip as well as it was going to be my living quarters once I got to Arizona. It only has a 6 cylinder engine so the gas mileage isn't atrocious but with the price of gas it was still going to cost a bunch to travel the 2400 miles to get there. I was hoping to come out ahead on travel expenses with not having to spend much on motels/hotels. I had loaded up the refrigerator/ freezer so I was also going to save a bunch in not having to pay restaurant prices for a lot of my meals.

The weather was perfect as I set out so at least I was getting off to a good start. It was going to be Interstate highways for almost the whole trip so I would be able to make some decent time but it was still going to take more than 5 days to get there. I love to drive but 2400 miles is a long way. 

I had just crossed into Virginia when I spotted an old car stopped alongside of the road with a girl standing there with the hood up and just looking at the engine. It was as if the car broke down and she was hoping to fix it by staring at the engine. She was pretty as a picture and looked as if she was either a teenager or in her early twenties.

As I pulled over and got out and walked over to her I asked if there was anything I could do to help. She snapped back at me, "Just phone that asshole boyfriend of mine and tell him he should never have let me leave home with this damn thing making all of the noise it was."

Whoa, this was a bigger problem than I thought I wanted to get involved with.

I looked in at the engine and could see a major problem. There was a hole in the side of it with oil pouring out of it. It appeared that it had thrown a rod right through the block. This engine was finished and the car was over ten years old and wasn't worth very much even without this major problem. It was now ready for the scrap heap.

"Miss, this thing is ready for the junk yard and I can call and have it hauled away before the police come by and give you a bunch of heat about blocking up a part of the Interstate. Do you want me to call 911 and see if they can arrange a tow truck?"

She leaned over to me and said in a low smooth voice, "Mister, I'd be grateful for whatever help you can give me."

The 911 operator said she'd have a tow truck there in about 15 minutes so I asked her where she was headed and she responded with, "San Diego before this shit happened."

"Well, I'm headed for Phoenix and it is over 1800 miles from here and would be more than happy to give you a lift that far. From there it would only be roughly 300 miles to San Diego and I'm certain you could get a bus or train from there."

She thought it over for for a few minutes and returned to me saying she was thankful to be able to take me up on my offer. I told her that my motor home originally had sleeping space for six but I was using the compartment over the cab for storage so that reduced the sleeping area in it to four but since I was going to be the only occupant a sleeping area of four wasn't going to be a problem. She laughed saying she only had one suitcase and a few hanging things. No problem, when the tow truck would haul the junk away we'd be ready to get on the way to Phoenix.

"I'm Bill, what do they call you?

She answered with "I'm Chung Souk Lee. It's nice to meet you "and stuck her hand out. I hadn't realized up until then that she was Oriental. "Forget about my whole name and just call me Lee."

I shook it and she gave me a huge smile.

Sure enough the tow truck was there in a few minutes and the junk car was off to junk car heaven.

"Damn, I'm glad to be rid of that thing. It has given me more trouble than I'd care to think about." 

"Lee, it's almost four o'clock and I never plan to drive too late for fear I'll fall asleep at the wheel. Normally I'd pull over to a rest area or park in a Walmart parking lot and sleep in the coach but it seems a little cool for that so I'll be looking for a reasonably priced motel around five o'clock and this is going to sound as if I am making a move on you but you have a couple of choices. You can sleep in the chilly motor home or get out and try to hitchhike a ride from someone else or come up to the room I get and share it with me. I'll try and get a room with two beds but am not always successful. Take your pick."

"Well, I damn sure aren't going to stand by the side of the road and hitch a ride with some guy who'll try and rape me; I agree that it might be kind of cold to sleep in the motor home and you look to be somewhat honorable so I guess I'll trust you can get a room with two beds or I can sleep on the floor if it only has a single."

We chatted for the next half-hour and I finally saw an Econo-Lodge ahead that looked OK from the parking lot. I was amazed she was going to trust me not to rape her but I never mentioned it.

Fortunately I was able to get a room with two queen sized bed so that solved that problem. I had noticed a small steak house a block or so away and I made her another offer. 

"Lee, I feel like a steak and saw a steak restaurant a short ways back so if you'd like to join me I'll spring for the meals."

"Geez, that sounds terrific. It's nice of you offering to pay for the meals since I only have a gasoline credit card and very little money with me."

The steak was great and she was a super conversationalist so it was a nice meal.

"Lee, I got an early start this morning so I'm rather beat right now and would like to hit the hay a bit earlier than usual. I can sleep with the TV going so if you'd like to stay up and read or watch the boob tube it would be fine with me."

"No, that's OK. I'll sack out early too. What time do you want to get going in the morning?"

"What do you say about rising at eight and getting on the road at nine? That'll give us a solid eight hours driving."

She went into the bathroom first and when she came out wearing her nightgown it was obvious they had missed her when they were handing out tits. She didn't have much more than a palm full.

I shower in the morning so I simply brush my teeth at night and am ready for the sack. I don't wear pajamas but just sleep in my T-shirt and jockey underwear. 

When the alarm went off at eight she was already up and dressed for the day and laughed when I saw her that way saying, "I awoke early and took as quiet a shower as I could for fear of waking you."

I responded with "I never heard a thing and if you'll give me fifteen minutes I'll be cleaned up and pretty enough for the road. Why don't you check the weather channel on the TV and give me the news when I get out of the bathroom?" 

Sure enough I was showered shaved and dressed in just about twenty minutes and she gave me the news that we could expect heavy rain that afternoon. Aw shit, I hate to drive in the rain.

When we got into the coach I showed her how to get the generator going and in a few minutes she had coffee, juice and English Muffins ready for our breakfast.

I didn't realize it up until right then how thin she was. I'd bet she didn't weigh a hundred pounds but she looked good with her long black hair tied up into a long pony tail. She would really have been good looking gorgeous if she had pushed to the head of the line where they were handing out tits.

The day went pretty much as expected until around two when the rain started. This was serious stuff as the wipers could barely keep up with it. Damn, I had to slow down to forty in order to be able to see the road. 

We drove until four when I was getting damn tired of driving in this downpour. We had reached the outskirts of Knoxville and saw a Walmart from the road and I pulled off at the next exit and parked at the very back of their lot. 

Lee had made us sandwiches for lunch so neither of us were hungry right then so I started the generator and flipped on the TV. The heavy rain was all over the news and they were forecasting it to last until the next morning. Damn, we were going to be there for the night.

I had brought a few pocket books and there was a ton of unread magazines and I also had a few packs of playing cards so we had something to do to pass the time.

It was around eight when Lee announced she was hungry and I pointed her at the electric range and she dug out a jar of pasta sauce and fettuccine was only 15 minutes away. 

After we had eaten and cleaned up the dishes we were sitting on the sofa and she said, "Bill, I couldn't help but notice how well you are built when you stripped down to your underwear last night getting ready for bed."

"Well, I do work out a lot and I guess it's starting to pay off."

"That wasn't what I was talking about" she replied.

I looked at her with a quizzical look and asked what she meant.

"Well, the bulge in your crotch was larger than anything I ever saw in any porn magazine I ever read and it was way bigger than what my boyfriend has. Maybe it's because he's Oriental too. He came over from North Korea when he was just a little boy."

"Yeah, well I guess I could be called 'well endowed'" I really don't consider my 7 ½ inches as being extremely well endowed and certainly not that much more than the majority of guys but it must be that her boyfriend is a lot smaller. But, if she thinks I am super-stud, far be it from me to disillusion her.

She came back with "Doesn't it ever give you any trouble with some girls not being able to handle it?"

"Nah, they all say they couldn't but if I take it slow and easy it isn't long before I'm buried to the hilt and they are moaning for even more. Would you like to try it and see?" 

She blushed big time and answered with, "You are going to think I am some kind of slut only being with you for less than a day and I'm talking about something like this."

I stood and took her hand led her to the back of the coach and said, "You pull down the bedspread and blanket and top sheet and get ready for the night while I get the rest of the coach ready. 

The coach is equipped with hydraulic leveling jacks that stop any rocking in heavy weather or high inside activity! I also pulled the curtain behind the driver and passenger seat and made sure all of the other blinds were closed to give us some privacy from those passing by.

By the time I got to the master sleeping area she was in the bed nude and ready for me. I wasn't quite hard yet but that was going to happen real fast. I stripped off my clothes and sat on the edge of the bed and swung my legs up and lowered my face to hers and planted a huge kiss on her. She threw her arms around behind my neck and pulled us together harder than I had ever had it before. By then I was pole hard and needing some serious fucking. She looked down and said,

"OH my God. You are humongous and you aren't going to put that thing in me. I'll jerk it off but that's all." 

"Shhhh, just relax and let's see how everything goes."

She had lowered her hand and was going a great job in stroking me and I lowered my face to her crotch and let my tongue do it's magic on her pussy. I let a few fingers open up the lips so my tongue had a clear path into her clit. It wasn't long before my fingers and tongue were doing their best to see how aroused they could get her. It didn't take long before her pussy was soaked.

"Lee, let me lift you and lower you on my cock or at least a few inches of it and see how it feels to you. I won't let it go in any further than is comfortable for you."

I lay on my back and lifted her over me and began to lower her wet dripping pussy. She put her hands down on my chest and held herself off until I had my cock positioned ready to enter her. "Lee, move your hands now and let me lower you."

It didn't take long before I had the head buried along with a couple of inches of my shaft.

"Oh God Bill, you are in me a mile."

"Not quite honey but I'll bet it feels good."

"You're right it does. Lower me a little more."

I let her down another couple of inches and I now had four inches in her with another three and a half to go.

"Bill, you are doing this perfectly. It isn't hurting at all."

"Well Lee, her comes the rest of me" and I let her slowly drop down until I was entirely buried. 

I let my hands rise up and gently massaged her nipples and with my cock touching parts of her that had been virgin up until right then I knew she was going to explode. 

"Bill, Bill, Bill don't stop what you're doing. Please don't stop."

I then started to throw my hips in the air so my cock was being driven to new depths. "Oh God, yes, I feel as if I am going to explode down there. Yes, yes here I come." She screamed.

She dropped her face down to mine and planted one hell of a huge kiss on me and began to raise and lower her hips so in reality she was fucking my cock.

She pulled away a bit and cradled my face between her two hands and whispered "That was terrific. I want you to do that to me ten times a day."

"Well honey, that would be doing more than I am capable of. What do you say if I agree to do it to you as often as my cock can stand it?" 

"Yes and I'll do whatever you want me to."

Oh Boy, that promise would cover a lot.

"Keep fucking me Lee, I am going to blast a huge load deep in your pussy. It's going to feel as if it is going to come out of your mouth."

As soon as I unloaded I pulled her chest down to my mouth and let my lips find a nipple and then let my tongue slide around and over it. Her moaning started all over again so I knew that I better retreat or she was going to expect me to fuck her again right then.

We lay side by side coming down from our orgasms and I kissed her ever so gently. "Lee, that was terrific. I hope you liked it." 

"Oh God yes, I'm never going back to my old boyfriend now that I have experienced you." 

I continued on with the conversation with, "Lee, you never told me why you are going to San Diego. Another boyfriend out there?"

"Oh Lord no. My mom lives there and I visit her a couple of times a year. I'm going to the University of Virginia, to which I won a full scholarship if you would like to know" she said with a great deal of well-justified pride.

"WOW, that's quite an accomplishment. What are you majoring in?"

"I'm only in my second year but I am reluctant to tell you what I want to be when I grow up."

I laughed and said "I bet I can guess.... a lawyer!"

"Damnit, how did you guess?"

"Easy, I saw a law book on top of your suitcase" and then I laughed a bit.

"Smart ass" and she laughed along with me.

I turned on the TV while I watched the evening news.

"Bill, I told you why I was going to San Diego but you never opened up about your trip to Phoenix. A girlfriend out there waiting for you?"

"Nah, my girlfriend is right here in the coach with me tonight."

She was still bare-ass naked but hearing that caused her to leap into my lap and cover my face with kisses.

"Oh how I wish you meant that." She whispered.

I just smiled and got up to go to the bathroom.

The bathing facility in this size motor home isn't the greatest. There is a small hand sink and a sit down toilet but there is a full stand-up shower that is on the small size but certainly good enough to do the job for which it was designed.

"Lee, you never told me your age. It just came over me that I am hoping you are of legal age."

She roared and said "Oh, you are going to look neat in your striped prison clothes. Don't sweat it big boy, I'm 23."

"Geez, you don't look that old."

"I notice you avoided answering my question as to the reason for your trip to Phoenix. Are you going to answer me or not?"

"Oh sure, I graduated from college two years ago and majored in communications. I sent my resume along with my photo to TV stations in a number of cities applying for a job as an on-air reporter. The main station in Phoenix responded. If they hire me I'll bet it's not going to be for on-air work but in some background stuff until they size me up. But, it's a start in my chosen field. So sweet thing, be nice to me now and I'll give you an autograph before I get too famous to stoop to such mundane things". 

She roared.

"But I didn't mention another part of the testing the station does. I have to fuck all of the secretaries in the station and they will each grade me. If I do well it is a HUGE step to getting hired. But, I'm so out of practice in fucking I am not sure I'll do well. I wonder where I can get the practice I'll need."

"You're full of shit but I love your sense of humor."

Now it was my turn to roar.

"So, you're older than me. I hate to think I have just been fucked by an old man."

"But you have and you better get used to it because I am going to do it again before this night is over."

"Oh how I hope that's true." She answered with a huge smile plastered all over her face.

I walked up to the sofa and reached down and put one hand behind her head and pulled it to my cock. She looked up at me and I continued the pressure with my hand until the head of my cock was just touching her mouth.

"Open up Lee." 

She did and I quickly pulled her mouth onto my cock. She knew exactly what I wanted and she moved one of her hands to my shaft and while her lips were covering the head of my cock she had one hand sliding up and down my shaft while the other hand lightly cupped my balls. 

I kept up the pressure until she had a solid three to four inches buried when I started to simply fuck her mouth. She got the idea of what I wanted and began moving her mouth the way my hips were throwing my cock. I stopped moving but she instantly began moving her mouth the way she knew I wanted.

It seemed as if she was trying to get as much of my cock buried in her mouth and was doing an excellent job of it. She would back her mouth off of me and then immediately drop it back down so that she had four inches buried with her tongue flicking back and forth over the head of my cock. 

Damn, I never thought she was going to be able to get me so aroused so quickly but within four or five minutes of this action I was ready to shoot my load. I reached down and held her face with both hands and pulled her ever so slightly as I was filling her mouth and then her throat with my juices. She swallowed ever drop and then pulled her head back a bit so she could slide her mouth up and down the shaft of my cock where she licked every drop of cum that was on it. Whew, she gives a great blow job.

"Damn Lee, that was terrific. Where the hell did you learn to do that so well?"

"Well, I hate to admit it but besides reading a ton of porn booklets I also ordered a few how-to porn CD's and one of them centered on doing what I just did. I'm glad you liked it."

"Liked it.....I LOVED it."

We held each other tight for some time before I said that I was tired and would really like to get some sleep if we were going to able to continue our trip in the morning. She agreed and rolled over and pulled up the covers.

We spooned most of the night and sometime near morning I awoke with my usual early morning hard-on. She must have felt it for the next thing I knew she was moving her ass back and forth and throwing it back at me.

That was all I needed and pushed her flat on her stomach and then reached under her waist and lifted her so that she had her ass in the air with her chest down on the bed. I then spent a minute positioning my cock between her legs searching out her pussy and then with one smooth motion slipped my cock in to the hilt. You could have heard her gasp out in the parking lot but it was one of pleasure and not pain. 

"Bill fuck me, fuck me hard. I want to feel your cock all the way up to my tonsils"

That was all it took before I was holding her hips with each hand and driving my cock in as deep as I could get it. She started to rotate her hips so she was getting all kinds of action deep inside of her pussy. It didn't take long before we were both screaming of our approaching orgasms.
