 This story is largely the truth but has been slightly embellished with what I would have liked to have happened. This chapter covers a romantic bath. Please read the earlier chapters. Feedback will be eagerly received.

She is very appreciative of my efforts.

*

I had left her a message to come to my house after she had finished her dinner. I figured out she would be here in about five minutes so I unlocked my door and went upstairs. I took a look around the bathroom and smiled.

The bath was ready, filled with water and bubbles. Each of the many candles around the room was lit and burning brightly. Zero 7 was playing something soft and relaxing. A trail of rose petals led from the bath down the stairs to the front door.

I quickly stowed my clothes in my room and hopped in the bath. Right on time, I heard the door open and she called out before spotting the petals. Step by step she followed them upstairs and finally she stood in the doorway of the bathroom, her eyes wide and her mouth open slightly.

"Well hello beautiful," I said grinning and sitting up, "I made a reservation in this bath for you, would you care to join me?" She smiled and blushed slightly.

"Don't watch me then," she said quietly. I obliged and covered my eyes with both hands until I felt her slip into the bath at the other end. She was sat between my feet with her feet in my crotch. We talked about our days and other things for a while. A short while later her foot started to move gently against my thigh. I stopped mid sentence briefly and smiled. As we continued talking, her toes moved on to teasing my balls and my cock was soon at full attention.

"Why don't you come sit over here?" I suggested coyly.

She winked, "why don't you come sit over here?" she said simply. I grinned and moved round to sit in her lap with my back to her front. She wrapped her arms around me and held me close. "This is amazing, thank you," she whispered into my ear.

"Anything for you, you know that," I replied softly. She started gently kissing my neck and shoulders as her hands softly rubbed my chest and occasionally tweaked a nipple. I sighed and relaxed back against her. I reached behind me and cupped the underside of her thighs and slowly stroked up and down. She moaned as my hands lightly brushed her pussy. One of her hands strayed down and firmly grabbed my cock.

I grunted and she squeezed me harder. I ran a finger over her pussy and she shivered. I felt her pussy grow hotter from my touch. I pressed a finger into her pussy and she moaned loudly, releasing me and my cock and falling back against the back of the bath. I moved over to where I was sat originally and took her hands to pull her into my lap, sat with her back to me. My fingers pulled on her nipples and they quickly became harder. I ran a fingertip down to her clit, teasing it lightly.

She moaned again and pressed her ass against my cock. I pressed a finger deep into her. Her back arched and she grabbed my hand, quickly fucking herself for a few moments. She stood up and turned around.

"Eat me," she demanded. I wasted no time in leaning forward and sucking and licking her pussy, tasting her sweetness. She sighed and held me against her for a moment, relishing my efforts. I stood, pushing her roughly against the wall and kissed her passionately. She looked in my eyes and grasped my cock, positioning it at her pussy.

She gasped and moaned as I gently and slowly pushed my cock in and out of her pussy but her eyes did not leave mine. I saw the pleasure in her eyes; it was the most erotic thing I've ever seen. Only when she came hard did she have difficulty in keeping our eye contact.

I was so turned on by now and it didn't take me long to cum with her. We leant against the wall for a while kissing softly, recovering. We washed ourselves quickly and I dried us both before I held her close to me.

"I want you to hold me all night," she whispered in my ear. I nodded and she wrapped her legs around me, clinging tightly to me. I took her to my bed and lay us down gently. I stretched out and she relaxed on me.

"I love you so much," she whispered as we lay there.

"I love you too," I replied, kissing her on her forehead.