 It was a day, a week, a month full of turmoil. It ended with three of her students getting into fist fights, two of them within the four walls of her classroom. Along with a parent blaming her for their child's inability to pass, let alone behave, and another student being hurt in a car accident, her ruined day, week, and month were now complete. Back when she was a middle school teacher, this would have been the norm, but this year she had decided to return to elementary school thinking it would be easier, and less stressful. Today made her doubt that theory now more than ever.

Her usual twenty-minute commute became over an hour long, thanks in part to over a dozen accidents on the road from the rain and people not knowing how to drive in it. All she wanted was a shot or four of the tequila she had hidden in the cupboard above the refrigerator, and maybe a hot bath. Arriving home, she gathered her things, reminding herself that in a few moments, she'd be drinking her bad day away and then she wouldn't care anymore. Up the stairs in the pouring rain she went carrying her things, trying her best to not get soaked. She fumbled with her keys and opened the door.

"Hi honey, I'm home," she said, exhausted.

He walked up and helped her remove the bags from her hands and set them where she always did when she came home. The air was filled with the wonderful scent of hot beef stew, fresh baked bread, and scented candles making her stomach growl. She loved his cooking and looked forward a nice meal after her shot. He took her into his arms and kissed her with a deep passion as only he could. It was the kind of kiss that warmed her loins, dampened her pussy, and hardened her nipples. It was his "panty-melting, I want you naked and screaming" kiss, he only gave her when he wanted to make love or fuck. Both dinner and the tequila were quickly forgotten.

"Welcome home my love," he said.

Before she could process anything, he took her gently by the hand and led her to their bedroom that was lit with scented candles. He knew dinner could wait, but she could not.

"You're overdressed my dear," he purred in her ear and began unbuttoning her blouse.

She gasped and moaned as his lips brushed her earlobe and her blouse fell to the floor. She in turn pulled his t-shirt off and tossed it aside. She felt her bra release and her breasts spring free as he kissed down her neck. She could smell the scent of the candles mixing with his cologne that she found smelled the sexiest on him, and felt the cool of the air, the touch of his lips and fingertips on her skin. His bare chest pressed against her hardening nipples, making her purr and moan softly. He gently pushed her onto the bed, causing her to bounce slightly and giggle. He knelt down and slipped off her shoes and socks, then began to unfasten her pants. She tried to reach for his but he blocked her arm and flipped her onto her back as he pulled her pants and panties off in one quick motion.

He leaned in, grabbed both breasts, and began to caress her nipples. She looked at him as he touched her flesh, feeling her pussy get wet, and her nipples harden. He gently tugged her nipples and kissed her belly causing her to moan and giggle. He kissed his way down to her mound of curly hair and damp pussy. He slid two fingers inside her, and sucked her clit into his mouth. She gasped and squirmed as she felt his assault on her g-spot. He savored her sweet taste and musky scent that caused his own cock to grow and harden. He quickly unfastened his pants and freed his growing erection, ready for more when he knew it was time.

She grabbed his hair, guiding him, pulling him, wanting more. He knew she was close and that she needed to cum, and cum hard. He licked, sucked, and fingered her as she moaned and squirmed. Her breathing became labored and soon her juices came pouring out, soaking his face and fingers as she screamed and shook. He lapped up her sweet juices, the wonderful reward of his efforts, then climbed up and rubbed the head of his now rock-hard cock on the entrance of her pussy. She thrust her hips up to capture him unsuccessfully, then he slid inside her in a single thrust, filling her the way he had so many times before, the way only he could.

She moaned loudly as he kissed her again. The taste of her on his lips and tongue added to her arousal and made her want him more. He thrust inside her, knowing he wouldn't last as long as he wanted. He kissed her cheek, nibbled her ear, and pumped within her. She moaned and soon he felt her pussy walls tighten.

"Fuck me baby!" she screamed.

"Yes my love," he growled in her ear.

He sped up, pounding her with all his might, as her pussy clamped down on his cock with a second screaming orgasm that brought him to his own climax. He kissed her face, her lips, her mouth. He held her tight within his arms, knowing that this moment was all about her. For several minutes, they lay together in each other's arms, kissing.

"So, how was your day?" he asked.

"Wonderful," she sighed. "Simply wonderful."

It was in their mind, the perfect way to end her day.