 It was the summer after my junior year of college, when I was about to turn twenty-one. I was a fit, strong young lad, full of hope and promise, but a bit on the naive side when it came to love and girls. Older women were totally off my radar. But though I didn't know it that was all about to change.

Denise was a thirty-six-year-old woman who lived across the street from us. I had known her all the time I was growing up, but had never thought of her as anything other than a friendly neighbor and a mother. How unaware of things we are when we're young. Actually, she was a very attractive woman, full figured, with flaming red hair, big shapely calves and a huge set of tits. Her husband, Cal, was a pharmaceutical salesman and, as far as I remember, a nice guy.

I had just come home for summer vacation and was feeling relaxed and great, with final exams over and the start of my summer job still a week away. Strolling down the street, greeting friends and neighbors I hadn't seen for a while, I stopped to talk to Denise, noticing for maybe the first time how sexy she was. How had I missed it? 

Our conversation was pretty general at first. We talked about my college courses, and about how our families were doing. Then she told me that, as a hobby, she was making chocolate boxes. Naturally, I thought she meant boxes of chocolate. So when she asked me it I'd like to come inside and see some, I agreed politely, but without much interest.

Once inside, she took me upstairs to her bedroom, where I had never been before. Still, I suspected nothing. She went to the closet, took out a cardboard box and opened it. 

Suddenly I was staring at a chocolate vagina, complete with pink chocolate pussy lips, and anatomically correct in every detail!

"Wow!" I said, "When you said chocolate boxes, I didn't know you meant - you know-boxes! It does look tasty, though. What, may I ask, did you model it after?"

Without hesitation, Denise lifted up the short pleated skirt she was wearing and revealed that she had no panties on. Lifting a leg onto the bed, she spread her legs and showed me her pussy! No chocolate, just real, warm, furry pussy. I looked up at her, still not quite understanding what was happening. But the smile on her face and her expression left little doubt what she had in mind. Young yes, but not stupid.

Now at that age, I didn't need a hell of a lot of prompting. I already had a hard-on the size of St. Louis. I got right down there and stuck my face between her legs. I sucked and licked that beautiful pussy as well as I knew how. It was always my favorite sexual act, and still is. So erotic. I can still remember how good it tasted. 

I spread her pussy lips wide and stuck my tongue as far as it would go down her 'tunnel of love.' While massaging her outer lips, I then took her clit between my lips and sucked on it, while flicking the tip of my touch over it. Then I stuck first one then two, then three fingers in her box while I continued to shower her clit with affection. 

Soon Denise was breathing hard and whimpering, "Yes, Phil, oh yes, you can do this! Eat that box, lick my pussy, mmm . . . " 

I guess I was doing a good job, because in just a few minutes she shook and convulsed as an orgasm immersed her. She fell onto the bed with a big smile on her face. How long had it been, I wondered, since she's had such a release? Don't adults have sex any more?

"May I return the favor?" she asked when she composed herself again. Without waiting for an answer, she rubbed my erect cock through my shorts. Then, pulling it out, she began to suck it good, apparently enjoying every minute of it.

I didn't give her all of my cock at first, feeding her just a little bit at a time, teasing her to make her hotter. It was working. She kept on trying to suck more and more of it, holding my ass and pulling my cock into her mouth. 

Denise swirled her tongue around the head, then licked up and down the shaft while playing with the head with her fingers. The she sucked each ball at a time while stroking my pole. She used her pinkie to play with my asshole, making me squirm. Women were sure different from girls, I thought. Girls, in my experience, just jerked you off into their mouths and called that a blow job. 

Denise sat on the bed as I stood in front of her, giving her mouth a good fucking, finally shoving the entire length between her lips. She had no problem taking it all in. When I came I shot a heavy load down her throat in waves, and she didn't miss a beat, swallowing everything I had. 

But again, I was just twenty-one, and not ready to hang it up yet. Kneeling down beside her, I tentatively caressed her tits through her shirt, rubbing the nipples with my thumbs until they were erect and sticking out like hard candies. I could see that this really turned her on.

"Take a good look, baby," she said finally, and lifted up her shirt. Those tits were huge, and gorgeous! Perfectly shaped and covered with freckles, with big nipples that must have stood out an inch. Grabbing those tits with both hands, I immersed my face in them, sucking her nipples and licking them back and forth. I was working Denise into a frenzy. Her breathing betrayed her desire – plus the fact that she had her hands between her legs.

"Oh fuck me, Phil," she finally gasped out, her words coming in a torrent as I explored her tits with my mouth. "Fuck me soft, fuck me hard - do anything you want with me. I need your big, young, hard cock inside me right now. I'm begging you, please, fuck me like a whore!"

I swear, I had never been more turned on in my life. I laid her down, spread her legs and moved my cock into her. At first, I slid it in long and slow, just letting her get the feel of it filling her. But as her breathing increased, I began pumping her good and hard. 

Denise looked into my eyes with lust and – something more. Her big tits were shaking all over the place like jello. She was playing with her nipples, squeezing and pulling them so hard that I thought it had to hurt. I held her shapely legs in the air by her ankles as I fucked her, pulling my cock out almost all the way before sinking it back in. "Oh my God," she said, her voice choked with arousal, "You ... you can really fuck ... oh baby ... you're fucking me so good ... sooo good. . ."

I had never been talked to this way before. No college girl I had ever screwed had reached this level of passion. It was like I was being cheered on.

Denise came hard, moaning and grunting, "Oh Phil, I'm gonna . . I'm going . . .here . . I'm cumming. My body is filled with . . . I'm oooohhhh." Her eyes closed tight as she shook her head from side to side. Her back arched high into the air. 

Juices flowed copiously out her pussy, but I wasn't done yet. I pulled out of her pussy, and with my cock covered with her juices, I held her massive tits together and fucked them. With each upward stroke the tip of my cock would reach her mouth, and she'd lick it. After a couple of minutes, Denise licked her finger and stuck it into my ass, just a little bit, and wiggled it around, a mischievous smile on her face. 

"You like that, baby?" she asked. "You like my little finger in your ass? I'll bet you do. I'll bet you wanna cum real bad right now, don't you?"

I couldn't speak. The she took her free hand and squeezed my nipple – hard – sending shock waves coursing through my whole body.

This finally sent me over the edge, and I spurted my load all over her neck, even reaching her face.

Afterwards, I must admit that I was a bit embarrassed. But I had taken a trip to heaven. I took that trip a few more times that summer, too. The somewhat sad fact is that Denise fucked and sucked me better than anyone I ever knew - before or since.

When I returned home the next summer, Denise and Cal had moved, and unfortunately I never saw her again. But on the off chance that she gets to read this letter, I want her to know that I will never forget her and her sweet chocolate box.