 Heath drove. He knew of a spot, quiet and secluded, and only a few minutes from their current location. 

"I'll go as fast as I can without drawing attention," he said as he pulled out of the driveway. Winking at her he added, "So don't bother putting on any clothes."

Kelly laughed a little. "Fine by me." She slid down in the back seat, trying to keep out of view.

Oh my god. I can't believe I'm doing this! Kelly thought to herself as Heath sped down the road. She couldn't figure out what was making her act this way, whether it was hormones, or if she'd just snapped. Either way, she didn't really care. All she knew was that it had never been like that before. She'd read those cheesy romance novels (the ones with the shirtless hunk embracing the woman in the torn dress on the cover) and she'd always scoffed at the way the sex was described. But that's exactly what it felt like with Heath. All of her senses were lit up and it felt as if her entire body had electricity shooting through it. She couldn't wait to get more.

"Are you still wet for me?" Heath asked, cutting through her reverie. 

"Um..." Kelly paused. She knew how she wanted to respond. Why don't you reach back and check? But she was afraid that would be too forward, a thought that made her laugh to herself considering what had just taken place...or was continuing to take place.

Then, as if reading her mind, Heath said, "How about you sit up and position yourself so that I can reach you?"

Kelly did just that. Sitting up in the middle of the back seat, and placing her feet up on the center console, she then slid back down a little so that Heath could reach back and run his middle finger up her pussy lips and part them to get to her. She sucked in her breath and slid a little lower, raising her hips to give him even easier access.

"God, babe," he breathed out with a slight moan. "You're still dripping." He tried to turn around to look at her. The car veered slightly toward the ditch as he did it. He pulled his hand back and straightened the wheel.

"Why don't you concentrate on the road?" Kelly suggested. "I'll make sure I'm still ready when you are."

Before he could ask what she meant, Heath looked in the rearview mirror and saw her slide one hand down her stomach as she began fondling one of her breasts with the other. He tilted the mirror down to see what she would do. 

He almost pulled over right then, he wanted her so badly. He watched her tease her own clit and play with herself. When he saw her slide a finger inside, he floored it. He had to get to that spot. He had to be back inside her. He looked down at himself; his member was involuntarily bouncing, begging for it. He let out a groan when he looked back in the mirror and saw her eyes fluttering as her hands continued moving on her breasts and pussy.

She opened her eyes slightly, and grinned at him. "See anything you like?" She winked at him.

"Fuck yes," Heath replied, growling a little and tearing his eyes away from the fiery image in the mirror to focus on the road.

"You'd better concentrate on driving. I'd like to make there in one piece...then you can split me in half again."

Kelly had found her spot and could feel herself tensing as she rubbed her clit faster. He could hear her breath getting shorter.

"Slow down, sweetheart," Heath said. "If you're gonna cum, I want to be the one to make you do it."

"Then you'd better hurry up and get us to wherever we're going," Kelly told him, panting slightly.

Just then, Heath saw the turn off. It was a hidden drive that led to an entrance to a park and walking trail. Since it was dark, the area was technically closed. 

The tires kicked up gravel as he slammed on the brakes. He turned the car off and climbed into the back seat. 

Kelly slid over as he came back, still playing with herself. He turned her and laid her back down on the seat, placing himself across from her. He moved her hand away as he lifted her hips into the air and held them in place. He then dragged his tongue along the soft, wet folds of skin, licking off the juices that had gathered there. Kelly gasped and twitched. Heath smiled again and plunged his tongue into the hot opening and began flicking it over her clit and sucking the sweet liquid that coated the sensitive spot he wanted so badly. He had to tighten his hold on her hips as she began bucking into his mouth. 

Kelly thought she was going to explode. The sensations coursing through her body were more intense and more passionate than she'd ever felt before. Just when she thought that it couldn't get any better, he began to hum. She'd heard about that before, heard that it was amazing, but had never had it done to her. Amazing didn't even begin to describe it. As if the movement of his tongue and the erotic tug of his sucking weren't enough, the moment he started humming she started screaming.

"OH GOD, HEATH! OH MY GOD! THAT FEELS...OOOH MY GOD!" Kelly tried to brace herself, tried to find something to hold on to. First her hands were in his hair, grasping and tugging as she unconsciously held his mouth to her pussy. When she realized she had pulled a bit of his hair out, she let go and grabbed her own head. After pulling at her own hair, and becoming distracted by that added pain to the pleasure, she dropped her arms down to the seat. Her left arm fell to the top of the seat, and her right to the bottom. She gripped both parts, holding on to the seams, and dug in. 

As what felt like bolts of lightning streamed through her body, her screaming became incoherent. All Heath could understand were her cries for more, which he was more than willing to give. As her first orgasm hit, Kelly's grip increased on the seats. Without realizing it, she pulled her arms in, in the process ripping the leather loose from the cushions. She threw her arms over her head and grabbed the door, holding on to the little ledge along the window. 

She arched her back, which raised her hips higher, allowing Heath to thrust his tongue deep inside her. He could feel her hot, sticky wetness dripping down his chin. He couldn't get enough of it. She tasted delicious.

She screamed his name again; tears of ecstasy were streaming down her face. Heath was so hard he thought he might cum just from the exchange of passion and fire between them. Her uninhibited response to him, combined with his need to please her like no one else ever had, made for a dangerous combination. He didn't think he could last much longer. Luckily, he didn't have to.

Suddenly Kelly was pleading, "Heath, I need you inside me. Please!" she said over and over. Heath didn't need further encouragement. In one movement, he picked her up and set her on his lap, thrusting up into her swiftly. Kelly's head fell back, her eyes squeezed closed, and her back arched toward him, as she cried out, "FUCK YES!!"

She began bouncing up and down as he drove into her again and again. His hands were holding her waist and practically lifting her with each bounce. Her hands were on his shoulders, digging in and scratching at him. Heath didn't think he'd ever been so turned on. The sting of her nails in his skin and the tightness of her tunnel around him almost pushed him over the edge. Just as he thought it couldn't get any better, Kelly shouted, "SPANK ME!"

"What?!" Heath was sure he hadn't heard her correctly. It wasn't possible that it would be that good.

"YOU HEARD ME!" she gasped. "FUCKING SPANK ME!!"

And he did just that. The sound of the skin on skin and the hot sting caused Kelly to cry out. Heath thought for a moment that he'd done it too hard. Her eyes flew open and she huskily demanded, "Do it again." 

He smiled and gave her another. Soon she was chanting, "Again...again!" Neither could breathe. Kelly's cries and moans came faster and louder, her grip on Heath's shoulders increased. Heath reached up and, grabbing a handful of hair, roughly pulled her head to the side, and bit down on her neck. Kelly yelped in pleasure. He sucked hard, knowing he would leave a deep, dark mark. The thought of leaving it, branding her really, was his undoing. As he released her neck, giving her another lick just over the bruise already forming, he felt her constrict around him, her legs tensed and her nails dug in one last time.

"HEATH...HEATH...HEATH...HEATH!!!" Kelly gasped and shouted simultaneously. As soon as he felt her cum around him, he allowed himself to release as well, neither of them caring that he wasn't wearing protection. 

As he came inside her, he shouted her name as well. He'd never done that before. To him it was too personal. But he couldn't stop his voice from calling out, "OH GOD, KELLY!"

She collapsed on him, her head falling to his shoulder. Both felt as if they'd just run a marathon. She turned her head and kissed his neck. As she slowly drifted back to her body, she felt his arms around her; one around her waist, almost hugging her, and the other stroking her hair. The tenderness with which he held her, after such a feverish, animal-like mating, was almost too much for her. 

Kelly leaned back and looked at him. She opened her mouth, as if to say something, but no sound came out. Just then, her phone began to ring. Neither moved for a moment. Then Kelly removed herself from his lap and sat down next to him, reaching for her cell. 

"It's him again," she said. "Should I answer it?"

"It's up to you," he replied softly, stroking her knee.

Before she could make up her mind, it kicked over to voicemail. Kelly sat staring at the dark screen for what seemed like hours. Then she whispered, "What now?"

"Well," Heath paused, knowing how important the next words out of his mouth were, "why don't we see what happens?" He knew that he was in no position to be in a relationship right now. He wasn't sure that he even wanted one. But there was something about her...

Kelly had never been so conflicted. On one hand, Heath was an amazing man, in many ways; but on the other hand she did still love her boyfriend, didn't she?

After they dressed, Kelly drove Heath home. They spent the ride in a silence that crackled with unspoken thoughts. 

As she headed home, Kelly came to a realization that she wasn't sure how to handle. I could fall head over heels for that man if I'm not careful, she fearfully admitted to herself.

To be continued...