 Sunlight spilled into the room, seeming to sparkle as it hit the white and cream sheets, causing them to give off a warm luminescence. It slid over Terri's bare skin, heating her pale flesh. 

Sheets crumpled as she rolled over languidly, groaning in ecstasy over the warm light. Her back was bared to the caressing sun, her smooth skin coming aglow. Suddenly, there was a tender hand on her back. It was rough and gentle all at the same time. It trailed down her spine, stopping where covers met flesh. Slowly, it ran up her back, thick fingers splayed, nearly covering her from side to side. Pressure was applied as the hand began to work her muscles.

"Oooh," Terri groaned for the second time, only more guttural now. 

A second hand came into contact with her left arm that she had partially shoved under a downy pillow. Goosebumps riddled her entire body as she shuddered with a pleasurable chill. She tingled all over, as if there were a thousand hands, all gently tickling her.

Hot air brushed over her ear. Soft lips touched her neck. Fingers gently smoothed her auburn curls away from the nape of her neck, the lips following, dragging sweetly over her skin. 

The lips kissed slowly down her back and then again up it, stopping at her shoulder. Slowly, she was turned over. Petal-pink lips slid into an easy smile, her mind still foggy from sleep. 

Black hair curled around his eyes and over the tops of his ears. A goatee framed full, sensual lips. High cheekbones, a square jaw covered in a 5-o-clock shadow. Dark, almost black, eyes sparkled through a smile that reached them.

"Good morning, sleepy-head," he said, his voice low, the sound of it humming through Terri's bones.

He drew closer and kissed her forehead, then each eyelid, her nose, each cheek, her chin, and last of all, her mouth. Electricity jolted through her as their lips met. She could feel herself becoming wet as the man's tongue slipped between her lips.

Terri lifted her arms to the man and wrapped them about his neck as he began to explore below her chin. He hummed against her throat, causing her to giggle. A kiss placed at the hollow of her throat. Tongue trailing down between her exposed breasts. Kisses up one breast then a tongue circling the pert nipple. As he latched on, Terri gasped and her hands went to his hair, clutching his head to her breast.

He suckled slowly, his tongue flicking over the pink nub, eliciting moans from Terri. With each flick her back arched, pushing her chest further into him.

She felt fingertips sliding down her side, making her wiggle as he tickled her. Then the fingers slid over her thigh and between the lips there. With a gasp from Terri, two of the man's fingers plunged into her most intimate of places. They began to work around and around, in and out, pushing spots inside her that caused her to cry out in pleasure.

Pressure was building in her torso. She could feel her orgasm coming. She quickly moved his head to her other breast, making her gasp loudly again as his hot mouth made contact. His fingers began to work frantically; he knew she was about to climax. 

Her moans grew loud and fast. Almost. It was so close.

Suddenly a buzzer sounded next to her ear and Terri sat bolt upright, her hand lashing out at the alarm clock on her nightstand. Her heart raced, her chest heaving as her breath came and went quickly. It was just a dream. She nearly started crying with the realization.

Rubbing her eyes she turned to look at the clock. Nine in the morning. With an irritated groan, Terri fell back to her stiff, cotton pillows with a fwump. No sun shone through the blackout blinds she'd had installed so the neon sign outside her window couldn't bother her.

The switch clicked as she turned her lamp on and rolled out of bed. Her feet hit the cold floor and she groaned again. It was Saturday morning and she wasn't allowed to sleep in. No, today was completely booked with running errands, the most important one being her finding a new job. 

Floorboards creaked as she stepped over them to the bathroom. The rough, small bathroom rugs gave her little comfort from the cold tile she could be standing on without them. She looked at herself in the mirror and grimaced. Mascara was smeared under both eyes, her face had sheet wrinkles in them, and her hair was fanned out about her head. 

Turning the water on, she began her morning ritual of making herself look gorgeous.

An hour later Terri left the apartment in a trim pinstripe suit of a jacket and tight-fitting skirt. Her hair was pulled back into a bun with plain black sticks jabbed into it. As she walked down the few flights of stairs to the street, she caught a few hungry looks from some of the male tenants and ones of disgust from the women.

Terri wasn't the prettiest woman she knew; she was just the prettiest woman in her building. It couldn't be helped that her last job only allowed her a limited income with which to live off of. Hopefully, her new job would give her enough income to move to a better place.

By noon Terri's feet were killing her in the heels she'd worn. Now she sat on the edge of a large fountain, dipping her feet into the cool water and watching kids splash around on the other side.

"There you are!" Terri turned to see her friend, Mindy, walking over. "You didn't say you'd be at the fountain," she said as she, too, took off her shoes and dipped her toes. "It would have been nice to know that. I spent ten minutes looking for you, you know."

"Sorry," Terri said with an apologetic look.

"So any luck on the job front?" Mindy raised one foot and examined her toes for a moment before placing it back in the water.

"I don't know."

"What d'you mean, you don't know?" She whipped her straw-blond hair away from her eyes as she turned to look at Terri, her hazel eyes boring into her.

Terri shrugged. "I don't know. I've applied to a few places but I don't like them very much. I'd like to have another secretarial job. Answering phones, making notes, calling in orders, filing, all of it is so easy. I can even sit for the most part."

"Yeah but where are you going to find a good secretarial job in this city where the boss isn't a complete ass or pervert?"

"Where am I going to find one, period," she said bluntly. "I haven't seen a single help wanted ad that's looking for a secretary."

"It's only a matter of time, hon," Mindy said. "Soon the wives of the bosses will find out about the affair or the boss will grow tired of his new girl and she'll be sent away." She laughed evilly. "Then you'll have a lovely bunch to pick from."

"I honestly don't think every male boss in this city is like that. I wouldn't be surprised if most think of at least one woman working in their employ that way, but I doubt every one of them act on it."

"Ah, my poor, little, naïve Terri." Mindy reached over and patted Terri on the shoulder. "I hope your eyes are never opened. I like your childish innocence." 

"Innocence," Terri snorted. "I'll have you know I was having a very bad dream this morning before my alarm interrupted it."

"Oooh!" Mindy squealed and turned her torso in Terri's direction. "Do tell. I want all the details, I'll know if you skip."

The afternoon dragged, the sun slowly dying into a brilliant orange. Mindy and Terri had moved from the fountain to a restaurant by an old cobblestone road. They sat outside at one of the many tables with umbrellas keeping the sun out of their eyes.

Their talk had gone round and round in circles, from jobs to men to gossip and back to jobs. Again, they were discussing the likelihood of Terri obtaining work as a secretary.

"It'll never happen," Terri insisted for what seemed like the millionth time that day. She took a sip of her iced tea.

"Ever the pessimist," Mindy chided. "How do you know? I say just put off actually going for one of the other jobs until you find an opening."

"The most I can hope to get is the receptionist at some tiny medical office. I'd rather not do that again. The people that come into those places are so mean."

"Why do you need a job so badly right away anyway? You've got some cash squirreled away. If you just wait then you won't have to bother with shitty jobs."

Terri looked at her friend, one eyebrow raised. "You know very well I can't go into that money. That's money I've put away for a day when everything goes wrong. I'd like to know I'm well taken care of should anything absolutely horrible happen."

Mindy rolled her eyes and then sighed and shrugged her shoulders. "Fine but when you're stuck behind a register at some snobbish department store and your dream job opens and you can't have it, don't come crying to me."

"Excuse me," a passerby said. Mindy and Terri looked at the little man. He appeared to be around five-feet seven-inches, his graying hair combed mostly to the right. He wore a dark-gray suit with a red tie. The way he stood and the way he spoke suggested wherever he worked he was fairly high up the chain of command but not so high that a hell of a lot of brown nosing was out of the question. 

"Yes?" Mindy said, slightly irritated to be confront by a total stranger.

"I couldn't help but overhear that one of you is looking for a job."

"That's right," Terri said.

"And did I hear correctly that you'd prefer work as a secretary?" He'd begun rummaging through a black leather work bag.

"You did. What are you getting at, sir?"

"Well, I'd like to offer you an interview. That is, if your resume checks out." He handed over a card. "If you stop by that address you can drop off a resume."

"Actually!" Terri said and pulled her own bag into her lap and pulling a small packet of papers out. "I have one right here." She started to hand it over then pulled the papers back to her chest. "Are you the personnel manager?"

"I am."

"Great. You wouldn't mind taking my resume now, would you?"

"Of course not." He smiled and took the papers from Terri. "With any luck I'll give you a call tomorrow for an interview."

"Thank you so much, sir!" Terri stood to give the man's hand a shake.

"You're welcome. Have a nice weekend, ladies," he said with a nod and walked on up the road.

Mindy turned to Terri, who was still watching the man. "What luck!"

"Yeah. Guess I was right in going out job hunting so soon." 

They both laughed and continued on with their meal.