 This series is a continuation of "The Divorce Chronicles". While it is not essential that you read the entire "Chronicles" to understand the new series, at the very least, I recommend that you read the last submission. As always, I hope you enjoy, and welcome feedback.

*

After our first night together, Elke and I started making up for lost time. Either I was spending the night at her place, or she was at mine. Most of the time, we were in varying stages of nudity.

We did what most couples do at the beginning of a new relationship, even at our age. We had sex. Lots and lots of sex. We had made love, we fucked like animals, we went out, got drunk and came home and had sloppy, drunken sex. We were quite happy having rediscovered our friendship, and taking it to a new level.

One night, we decided to go out for dinner and a movie. When I picked her up, she was wearing a short skirt that buttoned down the front, a halter blouse, and a pair of sandals. She told me, as we were on our way to the restaurant, that she wanted to pick out the movie. Knowing that she wasn't the "chick flick" type of woman, I didn't mind.

All through dinner, Elke had a smile on her face that made me wonder what she was up to. We had a couple of drinks after dinner, and then went to the theater, which was just down the street from the restaurant. When we got there, she bought tickets for a movie that wasn't very popular, which stoked my curiosity even further.

As we walked in and started looking for seats, she took my hand and began walking up to the last row. I looked at her with raised eyebrows, and, trying to play innocent, she asked, "What?"

"What are you up to?" I asked.

"I don't know what you're talking about," she protested, rather unconvincingly. "Let's just sit down and enjoy the movie." 

By the time that the previews started, the theater was maybe a third full. The closest people to us was an older couple two rows in front of us.

Elke leaned in close to me and laid her head on my shoulder. I went to put my arm around her shoulder, but she took my hand in hers and placed it on her leg.

As the movie started, I began stroking Elke's bare leg, just inside her knee. I knew already that this was a sensitive spot, and kept my hand there for a few minutes. 

Soon, she slid down just a bit in her seat, causing my hand to slide a little higher. As I started to stroke her long, lean thigh, she reached down and opened a couple of buttons at the bottom of her skirt. She then wrapped both of her hands around my arm, and nestled her head in a little more.

Now that I had a better idea of what she had planned, I continued stroking her leg as we watched the movie, my hand sliding a little higher every couple of minutes.

"That feels nice," she whispered in my ear as my hand reached mid-thigh, and she opened her legs a little more.

As my hand slid higher, it was soon underneath her skirt. I was able to touch the insides of both of her firm, luscious thighs as I glided my fingertips higher.

"Mmm," she moaned as I could start to feel the heat radiating from her mound. She slid down a little more, to give me easier access, and opened her legs even further.

As my hand got closer to Elke's crotch, I spread my fingers wide. My hand pulled her skirt up higher as I inched my way to her pussy.

Elke wiggled in her seat as my little finger reached the very top of her thigh. When stretched my hand to glide it over her panties, I received a shock. She wasn't wearing any! Not only that, she had shaved her pussy bare.

Elke whimpered loudly as I passed my fingertips over her wet slit, and the lady that was a couple of rows in front of us turned around.

I glanced down at her, and looked back up, as nothing had happened, and went back to teasing Elke. I dipped a fingertip into her hot pussy and spread her juices around her bare slit, paying special attention to her clit, which was standing out proud. 

As I slid a fingertip into her wet pussy, Elke gasped and grabbed a hold of my arm. I fucked her with the fingertip as the heel of my hand rubbed against her clit, and she started moving her hips in rhythm with me.

I heard her hiss as I slid my finger in deeper, and I started pressing on the top wall of her wet hole.

It didn't take long before Elke's body started to stiffen and shake, and she let out a low moan as she squeezed my arm tight.

"Oh yesss!" she hissed as her pussy started to clamp down on my finger. 

Her hips bucked up and buried my finger deeper, and she let out another moan as her orgasm overtook her.

The lady in front of us turned around again, and I smiled at her as I slid my wet finger out of Elke's pussy. The ladies' eyes widened as I brought the finger to my mouth and stuck it in my mouth. As she turned back around, I saw a smile on her face, and she leaned in and said something to the man that she was with.

The rest of the movie was uneventful, as Elke and I just teased each other, but on the way to the bar for an after-movie drink, she pulled me into an alley, pushed me up against a wall, and gave me an incredibly inspired, heart stopping blow-job.

As she stood, swallowing my cum and licking her lips, she said, "Let's go have that drink now." Weak-kneed, I could only nod my head and follow her as she took my hand and started walking.

As we sat in the bar, Elke reminded me about the Grand Opening party that they were throwing at her work, as a thank you to their investors that was scheduled for the following weekend. They had reserved the entire restaurant across the way from her spa for the evening, and had planned an open bar, along with a band.

"I wouldn't miss it for the world," I told her. "In fact, as a reward for getting the job done under budget, my boss has asked me to go to represent the shop."

"That's great!" she responded. "Now, I just have to decide what I am going to wear."

"That makes two of us," I told her. "I haven't worn a suit in years, so I'm sure that the one that I own doesn't fit me anymore. You know how closets like to shrink my clothes."

"Yes, so you've told me," she answered, laughing. "Why don't we go out tomorrow and see what we can find?"

After a very interesting shopping excursion the next day, during which she snuck into the fitting room with me a couple of times, we found a suit for me, but Elke still couldn't find a dress that she liked, despite how good I told her that she looked in some of the ones she tried on.

"Yeah, but none of them are what I am looking for," she explained as we had dinner that night. "I think that I will have to go out during the week, to a couple of shops that I like. I will probably have better luck there."

Finally, a couple of days later, she told me that she found "The PERFECT dress", so we were both ready for the big night.

I had arranged for a limo to take us to the party, so that we didn't have to worry about one of us not drinking. The night before the party, Elke told me that her sister, Erika, was going also, and wanted to ride with us. Since Erika was an investor, I couldn't refuse, even though she and I never got along when we were all younger. Elke also mentioned that her sister's divorce was just finalized, and she was kind of depressed.

That night, I drove to Elke's, and told the limo pick us up there. When I got there, Erika was already there, and ready to go. Elke, however, was putting on the final touches, so her sister and I had to make small talk while we waited.

"You look very good," I told her as we sat on the balcony. Erika looked a lot like Elke, only a little older. She was slightly taller and thinner, and her chest seemed a little smaller. You could definitely see the family resemblance, though. You could tell, looking in her eyes, that the divorce had taken a lot out of her, however.

"And you look quite different with short hair and a trimmed beard," she commented, referring to my days in the band, when I sported a Jerry Garcia/Jesus look. "You look much better now."

Before I could respond, Elke walked out and told us that she was ready. Erika and I were both speechless, looking at Elke in her short black party dress. The dress showed just the right amount of cleavage to be enticing, but yet be conservative enough for this party, and plenty of long leg. With her heels on, she was a couple of inches taller than me. She looked simply gorgeous.

We had a couple of minutes before the limo picked us up, so Erika ran to the bathroom one last time. I gave Elke a once over, and commented on her dress. "I thought you didn't like pantyhose," I said, looking at her lovely legs.

"I don't," she responded, with her naughty smile. "These are thigh-highs." She lifted her dress just enough to show me the lace tops of her nylons, and I smiled. 

"Nice!" I said as I licked my lips. "I can't wait to feel them over my shoulders!"

Elke just smiled as her sister joined us, and we then all went downstairs to the limo.

The party was a raving success, with all of the investors having a good time, excellent food, great music, and a lot of beautiful women. Elke enjoyed herself by spending a good part of the evening teasing me and flirting with me, knowing that I couldn't do anything to her.

"Just wait until we get home," I whispered in her ear at one point. "You WILL pay for this!"

"Promises, promises," she laughed, walking away. 

The only down part of the evening was when the boyfriend of the receptionist, Anita, became loud and belligerent after having too much to drink. 

He was mad that Anita was spending time talking to me, and not paying attention to him, so he started making a scene. After I escorted him off of the property, things calmed down and Elke and I consoled Anita.

At the end of the evening, we all had a good buzz going. Anita was in the worst shape, having downed a few drinks after the incident with her boyfriend, but Erika wasn't too far behind, slurring her words. It was, I knew, the first time that she could really go out and let loose since her divorce, so I really couldn't blame her.

Elke wound up offering to let Anita and Erika crash at her place, instead of having to drive home. As we all piled into the limo, I pulled Elke aside and asked how we were going to have any alone time, with her sister and Anita there.

"Don't worry," she whispered in my ear. "Wait about an hour, until everybody is asleep, and sneak in to see me. I'll be waiting for you, and if I'm asleep, you know how to wake me."

"Sounds good to me," I told her. "You'll have to try to keep quiet, though. And, remember, you ARE going to pay for teasing me like that earlier."

"Promises, promises," she repeated, kissing me on the cheek, and then getting into the limo. "I'll do my best to keep quiet, though." 

On the way back to Elke's, it was decided that I would sleep in her office, Erika would be in the spare bedroom, and Anita would sleep on the couch. Elke smiled and winked at me as she ran her tongue across her full lips.

After we got to Elke's, and everybody was settled in, I lay back and waited. After what seemed like the longest hour in my life, I silently made my way to her bedroom.

Elke liked to keep her bedroom as dark as possible, using heavy blackout curtains on her windows. As I quickly opened the door and slipped in, I saw the long blonde hair, firm, thin legs, and tight ass wrapped in a pair of lace boy-cut panties, all lying on the bed with her back to me as I walked in the room. I quickly and quietly closed the door behind me and walked towards the bed. The room was immediately plunged back into almost complete darkness.

"Damn," I thought to myself. "She already took off her stockings. Oh, well. I'm sure she'll wear them again."

I slipped off my boxers and climbed in the bed. As I settled my body behind hers, I wrapped my arms around hers and softly ran my fingertips across her nipples. I heard her gasp and she started to roll over and say something.

I held her there and whispered in her ear. "Shh," I said softly. "Someone may hear us. You have to be quiet, remember?"

She nodded and I cupped her breast. It seemed a little smaller than I remembered, but I knew that Elke had been losing some weight.

I started to kiss the back of her neck, and I heard her sigh as my fingertips continued to glide over her smooth skin. I slid them over her hardened nipples, and softly squeezed her tits, lightly pinching her stiff nipples, as I worked my lips across her neck. 

I started to slide my hand down her belly, and she moaned as I passed over her navel and lightly covered the lace at the top of her mound.

She opened her legs as I moved my hand down a little more, and pressed her ass against my crotch when my hand cupped her pussy.

When she felt my rising cock rubbing against her lace covered ass, she gasped again, louder this time. 

I could feel the heat and dampness radiating from her pussy as I stroked it through the lace, and I pressed my stiff cock against her ass harder.

She moaned as I slid my hand under the waistband of her panties and she wiggled her ass against my cock. When I slid a finger down her wet slit, I could feel her clit standing out, and the juices seeping from her hot little hole. 

I was surprised at how wet she was as I dipped just the tip of my finger into her steamy pussy. She groaned again, this time louder.

"You're gonna have to try harder to keep your noises down," I whispered in her ear. "Use the pillow to muffle yourself if you have to. Your sister is in the next room. You don't want her to hear us, do you?"

I heard her gasp, and she shook her head and turned so that she was face down in the pillow. I started slipping my fingertip into her wet opening and then sliding it out to flick her stiff clit. Every time that I made contact with her hard little bud, her body jumped and she thrust her firm ass back against my cock. 

I rolled her on to her belly and started to kiss her, from her neck all the way down to the small of her back, following the curve of her spine. When I reached the waistband of her lace panties, I slowly dragged them down the length of her long legs, with my lips following closely.

She was gasping and moaning as I kissed my way back up her legs, and when I reached her ass, I gently opened her legs and lifted her hips off of the mattress.

I continued kissing the back of her long, lean body, working my lips around her tight asscheeks. I made my way to her center, and slowly slid my tongue down the crack of her ass.

She yelped into the pillow as my tongue flicked over her puckered rosebud, and then she groaned and pushed back slightly.

I slowly licked my way down the crease towards her pussy, and she jumped and then sighed as my tongue flicked across her clit from behind. She spread her legs a little wider, and wiggled her ass back and forth as I slowly slid my tongue around her stiff little bud and wet slit.

I heard her breathing deepen, and she started to push her ass back against my face as her orgasm approached. When I heard her start to moan louder into the pillow, I pulled my face away and sat back.

As I heard her groan in disappointment, I told her, "You were a naughty girl tonight, teasing me the way that you did. I don't think that you deserve to cum yet. I want you to suck my cock and show me how much you want to cum, first."

I sat back on the pillows and took her head in my hand. She crawled in between my legs and took my hard cock in her hand. She started stroking it, flicking her tongue across the head, until I gently pushed her head down. I moaned as I felt my cock slide into her hot mouth and she started sucking on it.

Even with my eyes adjusting to the dark, there was so little light I could barely make out the nice round shape of her ass, but I was able to see her move it in a rhythm matching her sucking on my cock. I also was able to see that she had slid one hand underneath her body, and was playing with her pussy while she worked on my shaft.

She sucked on my rigid pole with a drunken enthusiasm and stroked it with her free hand, for a few minutes, until she let it drop from her mouth and turned around and presented me with her ass.

"Ok," I told her softly as I got on my knees behind her. "I guess you deserve to cum now."

She dropped her head to the bed as I slid the head of my cock along her wet slit. She showed her impatience when she pushed back against me as I lined my cock up with her wet hole, and forced the head inside her hot, tight pussy.

She sighed long and low into the mattress as I slowly slid the rest of my thick rod into her wet depths. I was reminded again about how much weight she must have lost when her hips felt thinner than usual as I grabbed them and pulled her all the way back to me.

As I buried my thick, hard cock deep into her wet pussy, I had to sigh as I felt her tight muscles squeeze around me.

"Oh yeah, baby," I moaned. "You feel so good! So tight and wet!"

I started to fall into a rhythm as I slid my shaft in and out of her clasping hole, and I soon felt her slide her hand between her legs again. She started rubbing her clit as I continued to fuck her, and she began pushing back against me more.

Slowing down my pace, I softly pushed her hips down to the mattress. She kept her hand where it was as I straddled her legs, and she gasped loudly as I positioned myself so that my cock was rubbing against her pubic bone as I slid in and out of her.

With my cock deep in her pussy, I lowered myself to my elbows and softly kissed and nibbled on her upper back and neck as I softly bucked my hips against her ass. She moaned into the bed as I worked on what I knew to be one of her most sensitive and pleasurable spots.

When she started to breathe heavier and push back into me again, I raised my body just a bit and started to take deeper strokes in and out of her increasingly wetter pussy. 

It wasn't long before she was moaning louder into the bed, and I felt her body begin to shake. I then began to slide the entire length of my shaft in and out of her pussy, knowing that would set her off, and hopefully me at the same time.

"Oh my god! Yesss!" I heard her moan into the bed, trying her hardest not to be heard, as her orgasm overtook her body in waves. I felt her pussy walls clamp down on my cock, and a gush of pussy juice surge from her when I slammed my rod deep inside her.

The massage that her muscles was giving my shaft, along with her ass bucking back against me started to set me off. Leaning forward again, I kissed the soft skin just below her ear and moaned.

"Oh damn baby! You're making me cum!" I whispered.

She nodded her head and gasped, "Uh-huh! Uh-huh! Uh-huh!"

Finally, I felt my balls contract, and then my cock exploded deep into her pussy.

"Oh yes!" I moaned as my body shook. "Oh my god!"

As I felt the last of my sticky cum spurt from my still hard cock, my body collapsed onto her back. I felt her body start to relax, and we fell into a breathing pattern while our bodies came down from our orgasmic highs.

After a couple of minutes, as my softening cock slid from her body, I rolled off of her and dropped to the mattress. 

"My god, baby," I whispered, "we've got to have your sister come over more often and sleep in the next room. You were as inspired as I can ever remember you being tonight!"

She gasped softly, and then laughed quietly, almost sounding nervous, as she climbed out of bed and stood. I could see her keep her back to me as she slid a pair of pajamas on, and then left the room.

A couple of minutes later, after I repositioned myself on the bed, the door opened again, and Elke came back in. As she always did, she took a warm, wet washcloth and wiped off my now soft cock and balls.

As she climbed into bed with me, I wrapped my arm around her and she lay her head on my shoulder. 
