 Dani was sitting at home cursing her now ex-assistant as she began searching her file cabinet for the files on the Jacobs account. It was 6 o'clock Friday night and instead of going out with her friends like she was supposed to, she had to work all weekend. She had to go back, find and reorganize all the data she had accumulated and given to her assistant for her presentation on Monday morning because he hadn't done a damn thing with it. She realized after an hour that she was going to have to go back to the office because some of the files were on her computer at work, so she called her friend and co-worker Glen to see if he was still at the office. She explained that she was going to be coming back into the office, so she asked if she could pick Glen up some dinner on the way, since she was stopping for herself. When she got to work, Glen was sitting in his office going over a marketing survey for one of his accounts, so Dani told him to come to the conference room so that they could sit at a table and eat like normal people. 

As they were sitting at the conference table eating, Dani explained to Glen what had happened with her assistant dropping the ball and loosing some of the files for the presentation on Monday, so she was going to be working late tonight and all weekend to try and get it ready. Glen felt horrible for Dani, he knew how much landing this account meant to her, and to her career, and how much time and effort she had put into gathering all the data she needed. He offered to help her, since he didn't have any plans for this weekend anyway and what he was working on could wait. Dani almost cried as he offered to help; she thanked him and took him up on his offer, because she knew she was going to need the help to get this ready by Monday morning. They finished dinner and went back to her office to begin sorting through all the files she already had found and printing out what she needed from her computer, then adding it to the other files. Once they had all the files printed out that they needed, they took all the folders and boxes of papers down to the conference room so that they could have plenty of room and table space to sort through it all.

Dani couldn't stop herself from looking over at Glen from time to time and staring at him. She has always been very attracted to him and for the last month has been having daydreams and sexual fantasies about him everyday, each one getting more and more graphic than the next. He was a very handsome guy in his early 30's with short brown hair, hazel eyes, dimples and a very muscular 6'4 body. She could always make out the definition of his thick, muscled, chest through his undershirts and dress shirts and then there were his long, legs and very tight ass. She ogled his ass every chance she got, swearing that you could bounce a quarter off of it, it was so muscular, round and tight. She was about to get lost in another fantasy about him when she heard him tell her that he was going to his office and change into more comfortable clothes that he had in his office. When Glen got down the hall to his office, he immediately opened his gym bag and pulled out the clean set of workout clothes and started undressing; he couldn't get Dani's gorgeous body and her very different outfit out of his mind. When she walked in earlier wearing that pair of tight, spandex shorts and sleeveless t-shirt with no bra on, he was immediately turned on and couldn't stand due to his very evident arousal. He made up an excuse that he had to save a couple files on his computer before he could stop and eat, so he would join her in a minute. Her gorgeous smile and long, red hair, coupled with her emerald green eyes and that outfit was too much for him to take, he had gotten rock hard in seconds with just a glance. 

He felt himself starting to get aroused again just thinking of her, so he quickly changed into the pair of cut-off sweatpants that were now shorts and tank top that he had in his bag and walked into his office's bathroom, then splashed some cold water on his face and composed himself before returning to the conference room and Dani. When he walked back into the room, Dani almost fell off the edge of the table, where she'd been sitting, after she got a good look at what Glen had put on. His upper body was almost entirely on display in the tight, green, tank top he'd put on and his long, thick and very muscular legs were even sexier than she had imagined. And when she saw his incredible ass in those tight shorts, her pussy instantly saturated her thin, cotton thong and she squirmed slightly, squeezing her pussy lips together against her aching clit. They both continued ogling and fantasizing about each other as they struggled to keep working, but some how, they both managed to keep their lecherous desires in check. Finally after a couple hours they both agreed to stop and take a break, so they decided to go up to the roof and get some fresh air to clear their heads and give their eyes a break from staring at figures and various data. 

It was early September, so it was a somewhat humid and mild night outside and the cool air felt incredible on their pent-up and sexually frustrated bodies. The instant the night air hit Dani's breasts, they immediately became hard and very obvious under her thin t-shirt and since she wasn't wearing a bra, there was no hiding her puckered nipples. Glen almost drooled at the sight of Dani's nipples standing at full attention and straining against the material of her shirt, he wanted to take both of her very large and firm globes into his hands and massage them, enjoying the feeling of their full weight in his large hands. Glen looked over at Dani as she was leaning against outside wall of the stairwell, her incredible body was shimmering in the moonlight and he couldn't contain himself anymore. 

He walked over and began kissing Dani hungrily, as his body pressed against hers, almost pinning her backwards, against the wall. Dani was caught totally off guard by Glen's kiss, but quickly began kissing him back passionately and running her hands up and down his back, clawing at his shirt, trying to pull it up and off. Glen began tangling his left hand in Dani's hair, grabbing small handfuls as his right hand immediately went to work on her right breast, massaging and rubbing it as he played with her hard nipple. Dani was moaning into Glen's mouth as he continued pawing at her breast and put her right hand down his shorts and began rubbing his throbbing cock through his underwear. Glen grunted and moved his face down to Dani's chest, then pulled up her shirt and took her right nipple into his mouth, then moved over to her left, all while his hands were pulling her shorts and undies down. 

Dani pulled Glen's face away from her breasts and begged him to fuck her right there on the roof because she couldn't wait any more, she wanted him inside her now. Glen leaned down and pulled Dani up so that her legs were wrapped around him and walked over to very wide ledge of the roof and set her down so that she was standing. He knelt down and began kissing her thighs softly while he pulled her shorts and undies down to her ankles and then off, before moving his lips to her pussy lips. He slid his tongue into her slit and ran it up and down the entire length repeatedly as he was pulling his shorts and underwear down his legs, before finally managing to kick them off. Dani spread her legs open as wide as she could so Glen could have total access to her bald snatch and sat back on the very edge of the wall so that she could have some support for her trembling legs. Glen spread her lips open as wide as he could and began licking and sucking on Dani's thick clit and slid two fingers on his other hand into her dripping wet hole. They slid in easily and he began moving them around inside until he found her g-spot and he began curling his fingers against it, massaging and stroking her insides as his mouth continued non-stop sucking on her clit. Glen's wonderful attention to every one of Dani's sweet spots caused her orgasms to begin quickly, as her internal muscles began clamping down around his fingers and her whole body began shaking. Dani began moaning but quickly started screaming out as orgasm after orgasm rocked her needing body, she was pulling at her nipple with one hand and pushing Glen's face deeper into her pussy with the other. 

After what felt like an eternity, her body began to calm down and her vaginal muscle spasms stopped, she collapsed back onto the ledge panting, smiling and still in shock at what just happened. Glen continued lapping up all of Dani's sweet nectar until she finally sat up and pulled his face to hers and kissed him deeply, enjoying the taste of her cum all over the inside of his mouth and on his tongue.