 ****Story by Ember Faye. Text by MaverickMan and Ember Faye

Going to do something a bit different here. The first part of this will be a back story that I've made up to go along with a text chat I had with Maverickman where we role played one eve. So, there will be storyline, and then I will switch to the text. The E is my text, and the M is his.**** 

It was summer, and she had decided to take a job as a maid for a well to do older man who lived alone. She had lived a very sheltered life and her sexual knowledge was nonexistent. Though her boss was older than her, old enough to be her father in fact, she found him to be an attractive man and in good shape for his age. She, for the most part, never really saw him when she came to clean up around his place. There were times however when he was there and they would exchange friendly words. 

After working there for two weeks, she found that she would think of him more and more. More than what was probably normal. She found that when she looked in on him while he sat at his desk working on his computer, she would feel a heat rise up between her thighs and an excited ness she had not quite felt before. She never thought much on it, and would soon pull herself away from spying on him and go back to her work.

One day though, she peeked in on him and saw that his head was tilted back, and on his computer monitor was a picture of a naked female. She came into the room a little bit more to get a better look, and was able to see the front of him then. His pants were undone and his hand was gripped around something. "Must be his penis" she thought to herself. She had never really seen a man naked before, and her curiosity was piqued. She continued to watch him, watch as his hand slid up and down, and watched as his eyes would close tighter now and then. His mouth opened a bit and he let a moan out. This startled her and she stepped back instinctively. He must have heard her movement, for he opened his eyes and turned to look at her.

"I'm sorry!" She said and began to leave the room.

"Wait. It's ok. Come back here. Please, I promise I won't bite." He said calmly to her as he sat up a bit in his chair and pulled his underwear back up so that it covered his penis.

She looked a bit nervously at him and then slowly stepped back into the room and closer to him.

"I didn't mean to interrupt. I'm so sorry. I was only curious." She said shyly to him.

"Curious?" He asked her.

She nodded her head and said, "Yes. I've never seen…well, I've never seen a man naked before." 

A small smile seemed to creep on his face, and then he asked, "Never?"

"No sir." She answered him.

"Would you like a closer look?" He asked her.

She looked a bit shocked and curiously at him at the same time. Slowly she stepped closer to him, and he pulled his boxers down again so that she could get a better look.

e: it's so big! and hard! e: can i touch it???

m: yes m: wrap your hand around it.

e: it feels so smooth! and so very very hard! e: what's that wet stuff??

m: What wet stuff?

e: i squeezed just a bit…and this stuff came out

m: That's special syrup for young women like you.

e: really? e: what do you do with it?

m: well you lick it up like a melting ice pop. m: So the drops don't get all over everything.

e: hmmm...really?? *looks at it a little curiously…and then up at you like i don't quite believe you*

m: *I take my finger and wipe a little on my finger and stick it in front of your mouth.* m: Here taste it.

e: *looks at it cautiously…almost scrunching up my nose…leaning forward, mouth opening slowly to accept your finger* e: *sucks your finger clean…backs away and thinks for a moment…looks down at the hard thing in your lap...* e: can i suck that like i did your finger?

m: If you would like to. yes.

e: *looks into your eyes…making sure you really mean it...then asks* how should i do it?

m: Why don't you just try licking it. Like a lollipop. e: really? e: just like that?

m: yes, a warm lollipop.

e: *looks at you curiously, then down at the hard thing even more curiously...noticing that there is more of the liquid stuff leaking out, curiosity takes me over...i shrug my shoulders and lean down, wrapping my hand around it so that i can hold it up...my face hovers right over it...and then my tongue is out and licking up all the wetness that has formed at the tip*

m: Oh, yes that's just right dear. Now try sucking on it like you would with a Popsicle. Move your tongue around like you are trying to catch all the melting juice.

e: *opening my mouth up wide, taking the tip in and sucking on it...coming up off of it, causing a pop sound to occur...then back in my mouth and sucking back up again* like that?

m: Yes dear. Do you like it?

e: it's.....different e: but...i like the way it feels e: it's so smooth e: feels good in my mouth

m: I like the way you do it. Your little mouth feels really good on it.

e: *leans back down and takes it in my mouth again...this time going farther down before sucking back up...then down even farther...getting almost greedy with my sucking...forgetting where i am and exactly what i'm doing and getting lost in the act itself of sucking it*

m: Oh yes baby. would you like some more syrup?

e: *nodding excitedly as my tongue rolls around the tip and then my mouth is moving down the hardness again until i've reached the very bottom of it. unconsciously, i've begun to stroke the hardness as well...my mouth and hand working together, now and then my tongue flicking out to lick up what drops of liquid form, and then licks down the length and back up again*

m: *unable to stand the waiting I wrap my fingers in the hair on the back of your head and slowly at first force your head down a little further than you have been going.*

e: *gasping in surprise at the sudden motion, then gagging a bit as i feel the tip hit my throat...i soon relax though and let you guide me...moaning around your cock as you begin to feed me more and more of it...not letting up in your speed or how deep you make me take it...i try my best to keep up with your pace and to take every inch, hearing you moan, knowing that you are enjoying...and that pleases me and makes me happy that i can please you*

m: * I feel my head hit the back of your throat and the contraction as you gag. The feeling is incredible as you move your tongue faster as I force myself deeper. I can feel myself entering your throat and the tight ness is overwhelming as you gag again. Seeing you relaxing into the motion and the things that your throat is being forced to accept I feel my balls tightening. I can also see your body quivering from the feelings that are building in you. You shift and squirm as I finally force myself in till your lips are touching my belly for an instant before I pull your head back so as not to hurt you. *

e: *my excited ness overtakes me, and i push you back and take hold of your hardness and begin to stroke faster, my mouth becoming frantic in it's feeding. i begin to feel a throbbing between my legs and i reach a hand down to get a feel, and that is when i feel the wetness and heat radiating from my body. my fingers instinctively dive deep into my opening and i love the feel of them sliding in and out. i begin to pant and moan and almost growl as i suck harder and faster on your hardness, and my fingers pick up speed on my tight little hole*

m: *I see your action with your fingers and can't help but want to replace your fingers with my tongue and fingers. I grab your hips and push you around so that your legs are straddling my head. I reach up and grab your ass. Squeezing your cheeks hard as I yank you down on my face. Your wetness soaks my face instantly and I begin licking up and down your lips as I take one hand away from your ass and insert two fingers in your dripping pussy. Curling then to reach your gspot I quickly establish a rhythm to match that of my tongue and hold your ass roughly with my other hand to keep your now bucking hips from escaping my tongue.

e: *letting out another gasp in surprise at the sudden movement of you grabbing me, then moaning instantly as i feel the pressure of your tongue on my little button and your fingers deep in me. rocking back and forth in time to the rhythm of your tongue and fingers...not even thinking to question why or what you were doing, but merely getting lost in the pleasure of it...becoming yours completely...moans coming freely as i feel things i never had before and things i never thought possible*

m: I feel your body shaking with the electric feelings that are pouring over it. I can feel your nipples against my belly, and the felling of your tiny hand and mouth furiously working to get my cock as deep as you can with each stroke. My balls tighten as I know that I cannot hold off much longer. I increase my pace with my licking and the probing and stroking of my fingers as the liquid pouring from your pussy has increased to nearly a flood.*

e: *i begin to thrust down harder on your face and fingers…a feeling starts to overcome me that i can't quite explain, but am loving nonetheless. my hand begins to fly up and down your hardness and my mouth begins a frantic sucking as my own excited ness intensifies. i begin to moan and cry out as it feels like my body is exploding. what is this? i don't care! i love it! it feels so good and i don't want it to stop. i'm crying louder now and rocking back and forth almost violently as my body shudders from the sweet release*

m: *I feel your vagina clamp down hard on my fingers and you begin to cum all over my face. Spurts of your cum go into my waiting mouth that i have clamped onto your pussy so as not to miss a drop. The feeling of your body going rigid and the little squeals and groans I hear coming from your mouth around my cock pushes me over the edge. My whole body explodes with a force I have never felt. My balls contract and my cum comes flying out with such force and volume that you are momentarily overwhelmed, but you quickly catch up and hungrily suck to catch every drop. I am cumming more than I ever have and I love giving it all to your hungry mouth.

e: *swallowing every last drop and greedily licking up whatever more i can get, almost crying and whimpering when it seems you have given me all that you can, diving my tongue into your opening, trying my best to pry the last remaining drops out, and then sucking and licking you completely clean...all the while, my own body slowly rocking back and forth on your face as my own explosion begins to slowly ebb away*

Once their orgasms had passed them over and they had gotten their breathing back to a somewhat normal state, he helped her up and helped her dress. She seemed a bit flushed and embarrassed, but he took her in his arms and held her tightly, letting her know that all would be fine. Taking her face in his hands, she made him look up into his eyes, and then he bent down and kissed her lips lightly before letting her go. 

"I'm sorry if I went too far with you." He said softly to her.

"No, it's ok. I didn't mind at all. It was quite exciting actually." She told him.

He nodded a bit and smiled at her, and then said, "Well, I suppose I should get back to work, and so should you. It's almost time for you to leave, isn't it?"

She nodded and turned to leave, but stopped and looked back at him. "Are you ok with…this?" She asked him.

"Yes. Perfectly. He answered. Then, "Are you?"

She smiled and nodded, then turned and left the room.

She felt so many different things as she finished her work. On her drive home, she thought of him in her mouth again for about the hundredth time, and immediately began to feel the wetness appear in that secret spot. She knew she would need to take care of that, and as she thought of that, another thought crossed her mind. "Will I be able to feel him again? Will he touch me again?"

Time would tell.