 The bookstore was crowded. But it didn't matter. Everywhere I looked I saw him. When I was in Romance, he was in Suspense. When I was in Human Sexuality, he was in Nutrition. I lost sight of him while I was browsing through Educational. Which was just as well, for I could not concentrate when he was in my view. He kept his dark head bent thoughtfully, his thoughts lost in whatever book he held in his hand at the moment. I needed to see his eyes. 

But he acted like he didn't even notice me.

He was hot. So hot. I loved the way his black hair curled around his ears and clung to his nape. His neck looked absolutely delicious. Dark and strong and thick and smooth. I licked my lips wanting to run my tongue over his earlobe, over the skin of his neck. He looked clean. I wanted to taste the salt of his skin. He was simply... luscious.

His eyes crinkled as he read something that must have amused him, and I wanted them to crinkle at me at that moment.

His hands were strong hands, yet gently cradled the book he was now engrossed in reading. I loved those hands. I wanted to be the book he studied as it rested in his palms. I wanted to be the page his fingers gently caressed as he browsed over the contents. I wanted those hands to cup my bottom. I wanted those fingers to turn my pages. But it was his arms, mmmm, yes, his arms that did me in and made me borderline obsessed with him. 

Tanned, strong arms. Not body builder, finely sculpted muscles. Muscles made by hard work, healthy lifestyle. I wanted those arms molded around me as his beautiful hands rested on my butt, pressing me close to his body. His lean legs, his nice, tight butt wrapped tightly in faded Levi denims fed my wildest fantasies.

I had to have him. I squeezed my thighs together to ease the tingling between my legs that was now buzzing and making it nearly impossible to shop.

Oh, before I continue, maybe I should set things straight. I am a happily married woman, with two beautiful children and even a dog. I am not the type of person to wander aimlessly through bookstores picking up men. 

Just this one time. Just this man.

Lost in my thoughts of what I would do to him were he my possession at the moment, he disappeared. I should have gone up to him and struck up a conversation. 

"Hi. Wanna fuck?" I tried the come on mentally and grinned. That wasn't exactly my style.. I bit my lip and wondered if I should go to the check out and just buy everything I now held in my arms just in case he was finishing up. Or... I could wander around the store looking for him. No. I might look too eager. Or worse, I might have security on my tail if I appeared too suspicious. 

I gave up, focused on the pile of books cradled in my arms, and headed for the coffee shop where tables and chairs provide patrons a place to sip coffee and peruse their possible purchases. 

However, there were no available tables I noticed as I wove a path through the crowded dining area, making my way to the counter and cashier. After ordering a cappuccino, I walked towards the far corner, hoping to find an empty chair at least. I'd even settle for sharing a table with someone if they weren't too gross or smelly, or weird looking. Maybe they would leave soon after and I could pile my books up and prevent anyone from joining me. Unless "Luscious" showed up, of course. Shoot, I'd sit on the floor if he needed a seat. Well. On my knees between his legs would be even better.

Pausing to observe the sea of diners, I balanced my books in one arm and my coffee in my other hand. Just as I felt my heavy pocketbook slide down my shoulder upsetting the books now threatening to spill out of my embrace, I heard a soft spoken voice offer a bit hesitantly, "This seat's not taken." 

In response, I twirled around just as my books tumbled onto the table. I watched in horror as they bumped into and nearly knocked over the cup of coffee sitting at the center of the table. 

A strong looking, nicely tanned hand played saviour to the cup of java that nearly took a tumble as well. I followed that hand to a beautiful, well shaped forearm, a familiar looking well muscled upper arm... Simply Luscious.

I smiled and thanked Venus and Cupid and any other gods and goddesses engaging in a bit of foreplay with my fate.

"Wanna fuck?" I actually thought about using that as an introductory line. Notice I said "thought." 

Instead, I smiled broadly and offered direct eye contact and a soft "thanks, " as I took the seat and attempted to straighten my pile.

He studied the books one at a time, raising an eyebrow as he glanced at my reading material. "Romance?" 

"I write it. That's not mine though, just checking out the competition." 

"Ah. Really? Are you good at it?" 

I felt my panties grow moist as he held my eyes captive and burned a hole in my heart. "I'm very good at it." The words sounded just a bit too innocent, just a bit too matter of factly, as I broke his gaze, concentrating on sipping my scalding hot coffee.


"How to Make Your Lover Beg for More." He coughed after reading that next title, his face turning a nice rosy hue. I made him blush!

"Research." I smiled again.

"Yes. Research." He almost looked like he was going to offer to help. Instead, he opened up the book that made him blush and studied it, as he had his novels and nutrition books earlier while I spied on him.

He didn't have a ring on his left ring finger.

Then again, neither did I at the moment..

He had flecks of grey here and there spattering his black short cropped hair. He was clean shaven. He smelled good. Crisp. And his lips looked... luscious.

What I was doing was insane, I thought now, getting cold feet. I thought about how my husband melts me in the wee folds of midnight, while the children are asleep down the hall. I looked at my coffee partner before me. If I made love to him right now in broad daylight, in some seedy hotel room nearby, I knew it would be the experience of a lifetime.

"Interesting." He murmured as he read my self help manual.

"Oh?" I could feel my breath quickening. If I had been standing at that very moment, my knees would have buckled beneath me. "What's that?" 

"You really want to know?" His voice was low and seductive.

I couldn't find my voice. So I just nodded breathlessly.

He held my gaze, his smouldering brown eyes melting all reserve. I didn't have to ask him if he wanted to fuck. Luscious wanted me. In fact, I bet he wanted to do me on that table right then and there. 

His eyes told me so.

"This gives step by step instructions on how to give your lover multiple orgasms." 

"Oh." I swallowed thickly, unable to look away, unable to speak. I wasn't exactly a player, you know.

He snapped the book shut and laid it down efficiently. He looked away as he picked up his coffee and brought it to his luscious mouth.

I wished I was a cup of coffee. I wanted him to drink me until I was completely empty.

Holding my own cup in two hands I studied him as he looked around the cafe. When he looked back he focused on my well manicured finger that ran subconsciously up and down the length of my cup. 

He smiled. Knowingly.

I knew it! We were going to fuck. Soon.

"Tell me about yourself." Quickly, I added silently.

"I'm married." 

"Me, too." I responded without hesitation.

"I've never done this before." I added without thinking.

He laughed. "Done what?" 

It was my turn to blush. Damn. I already had him in bed and undressed. I just forgot to tell him.

"Uhhhhh." I laughed too, and shrugged and shook my head, totally mortified with my slip of the tongue. "Uhm... Shared a table in a bookshop with a married man I'd just picked up?" I offered.

"Ah. I see." He scratched his head and inhaled before exhaling softly. As if trying to gain control. "So you picked me up, hm?" 

"Ahhhh.. What I meant was..." I laughed again and shrugged my shoulders. "Sorry." 

He just sat there smiling at me with this stupid look on his face.

"Your turn. Tell me about yourself." He leaned back in his chair and folded those luscious arms across his broad chest.

I love sex. No, no, no. "I'm a writer." There we go.

"Something I don't know." 

My pussy is totally soaked. Although by the look on his face he probably knew that, too. 

"I uh..." want to leave and make wild passionate love with you. No, that would appear too eager.

"I like coffee?" 

"Me, too." 

"And reading." 

"Me, too." 

His cell phone rang. He pulled it out of his back pocket and grimaced. "Hang on, " he said, holding up his hand.

I tried not to sulk, but instead, quickly thumbed through my books. I chose two of the romances, one herb book and of course, the orgasm book as this day's purchases. As I leafed through the books I listened to his every word, trying to figure out who had been so rude as to interrupt our brief courting session.

Whomever it was, he called "Sweetheart" I noticed. After reporting where he was, and when he would be home- three or so hours, he stated curtly- he hung up with a smile.

"Hungry?" He picked up two of his books and stood up.

I nodded, leaving all but three books on the table. Coffee's in hand, pocketbook on my shoulder, I followed him. Obediently.

"Here, let me." He reached for the books I held, and when his fingers touched my arms electric shocks jolted me. "Damn carpet, " I murmured.

He chuckled and made his way to the check out. We stood on line saying little to each other and when it was his turn at the register I pulled out my wallet and reached out my hands to take my books. 

Shaking his head with that stupid grin stretched from ear to ear, he set the books on the counter. "I got it." 

There. It was done. Now I was going to have to fuck him to get my books back. As repayment. I nodded with as equally a stupid smile spreading across my face.

I don't know how he expected me to eat a meal. I was not hungry. For food anyway. All I could think of was him. Naked.

We walked out of the bookstore together, and when we reached the curb of the parking lot he grabbed my hand, as if it were the most natural thing in the world. I let him. As we walked I realized I was parked on the other side of the lot, and told him so.

"We'll go in my truck. I'll drop you off later." 

His truck. He drove a truck, of course. His essence wouldn't fit in anything else. He opened the door and I had to actually climb up to get in the front seat. As I hoisted myself up, he spread his hand over my ass as if to guide me in -- to the truck, I mean.

This was not me. I would normally never do this. But all I could think about was having this man inside of me. Of being beneath him while he filled me with cock and cum. Of sitting on top of him and riding him while he bucked beneath me releasing his load deep inside of me. Of bending in all sorts of positions to please him.

We drove down the road a way until he pulled into a motel parking lot. "Nice restaurant, " I said, my heart pounding beneath my breasts.

"Oh. I meant later." He stared at me intently. "Unless you would rather go now. It's up to you." 

Who was he kidding? My green eyes locked onto his brown gaze and I smirked. "You're joking right?" 

"Thought so. You know. You're about as readable as a book." 

"That's always been a major character flaw with me." 

"I wouldn't say that." He grabbed my hand and squeezed. "Ready?" 

I nodded and slid over to his side of the truck. He opened the door and jumped down, then turned to help me out. As I stepped down he grabbed my waist and lifted me out of the cab, pulling me close to him so that my body slid smoothly down the length of his body as he set me on the ground. When I landed on my feet he pulled me even closer, molding me into his hard body. And I mean hard. Everywhere. He wrapped his lucious arms around my waist, planted his hands on my ass, and hugged me hard as he bent his head down to kiss me. I parted my lips instinctively, allowing his tongue to slip inside and explore with unchecked urgency.

My hands reached up over his shoulders and I slipped my fingers through his hair. I pulled his head closer, forcing his tongue deeper into my mouth. I thought he was going to take me right there, in the parking lot.

He broke away and spoke, his voice ragged. "Let's get inside." 

"Shouldn't we--" I looked to the front desk office.

He reached in his pocket and held out a key. Room 143.

Hesitantly I followed him. I thought he never did this before....

The room was dark, but smelled good. Not at all like a dank musty motel room. It smelled like incense. He flicked on the light and walked to the dresser, where he turned on a radio, lit a candle and laid down his keys.

"I thought you never did this before." 

"I don't." 

I looked around the room. Not only was there a cd player/radio, and candles. But there were soft silken ties attached to the four corners of the bed, and a black fishnet body suit laying on the bed. And black spike heels.

And a video camera. And a digital camera.

I felt a tremble of apprehension and swallowed thickly.

"Don't worry. I'm not going to hurt you." He was studying my reaction carefully, totally absorbed in my response.

Looking around again I noticed there were no knives, whips or guns. That was a start.

"You do want to fuck me, don't you?" He walked towards me slowly.

I nodded.

"Then say it. I don't want to do anything you don't want me to do. If I misread you back there.... we can just go to the restaurant..." 

I shook my head, taking a few steps back until I felt the bed behind me. He stood before me and whispered. "Tell me you want me to fuck you." 

"I want you to fuck me." I whispered, suddenly completely under his control.

"You want my cock." 

"I want your cock, " I whispered, unable to break his gaze.

"Inside of you." 

"Inside of me." 

He grabbed me then in a cruel embrace, crushing me to him as he devoured my mouth hungrily. I clung to him, just as hungry, consuming him as if he were my last meal.

We fell onto the bed and he lay on top of me, his knee separating and spreading my thighs. He pressed against my pussy and I moaned softly. He paused and sat up, ordering me not to move, not even a finger.

I closed my eyes, forcing myself to obey.

He returned a few seconds later with two glasses of red wine. "Drink." 

I sat up and took the cup. He raised his glass, we clinked in a silent toast, and then drank. I gulped mine, seeking courage.He took the two glasses and placed them with a loud clink on the night stand. And then he laughed. Again.

He seemed to do that a lot. I was glad I amused him.

He knelt before me, slowly unfastening each of the buttons that ran the length of my shirt. With that done he slipped his hands beneath the cotton material and cupped my two breasts, kneading them softly. My nipples were hard against his palms. And tingling. I mewed softly and tilted my head back, revelling in the sensation.

He slipped my shirt off my shoulders and told me to stand.

I stood.

He pulled my jeans down around my hips, leaving them in a puddle at my ankles. He pulled my shoes off my feet, one at a time. He slipped my black cotton socks off, stuffing them in my shoes. Then he pulled my jeans off completely, leaving me trembling before him. Goosebumps raised along my skin. My chest heaved as I fought to control my breath.

He slipped a finger inside the leg of my black lace panties, searching the warm moist folds of my pussy lips. He slipped a finger inside of me, moving it around, massaging my insides, then pulled out and raised it to his lips. After licking some of my juice from his finger he rested it against my lips, ordering softly, "Taste." 

I slipped a tongue out and tasted. He smiled.

"You listen well." 

I nodded, completely entranced.

He stood up and leaned forward, kissing me softly as he brought his arms up and around my back to unfasten my bra. It dropped to the floor, followed by my panties as he tugged those off too.

"Put that on." He pointed to the body suit thing and the heels on the bed. "In the bathroom." 

I picked it up and followed his directions. A few minutes later I wobbled out on the 5 inch "fuck me" black spike heels. The body suit was constricting and tight and strangely erotic. I felt like I was tied up, but obviously I wasn't. It was crotchless, and my nipples protruded through the criss-cross mesh. My breasts were pressed as much as they could be for size D cups, against my body. Pussy juice was trickling down my thighs.

He had taken his shirt off, revealing a nicely chiselled torso, but he had kept his jeans on, although his brown leather belt was unbuckled, but still looped through the waist.

"Come here. Slowly. I want to watch you walk." 

I came. Slowly. I felt his eyes touch every inch of my body.

He stood up and unzipped his pants. His cock sprang to life beneath his briefs. He reached out and ran his fingertips down my arms, over my breasts, my belly, my thighs. Everywhere he traced he left a path of fire. I felt like molten lava when he spoke again.

"On your knees." He pointed to the carpetted area in front of his feet.

I knelt before him, awaiting his instruction. Already my tongue was pressing against the inside of my teeth, straining to be released so it could lick and taste this beautiful cock that strutted out proudly before me. I opened my mouth and looked up at him. He was mesmerized with the sight before him. I could tell. His eyes were half lidded and his breathing had increased. And all he could do was nod.

That was all I needed.

I bent my head forward, my mouth circling the head of his cock. He moaned softly as I licked the tip, bringing my hands up to brace against his hard ass. He pumped slowly into my mouth and I took him in easily, inch by inch. 

I moved one hand to his shaft, pumping and squeezing as I licked his hard cock up and down with my tongue and lips. He pumped faster and harder and I hummed with desire. I wanted to taste him. I loved him fucking my mouth. I wanted to swallow his cum. I put both hands around his shaft and gave one last hard pump and squeeze as I sucked his cock dry. He cried out as he came, wrapping his hands in my hair as he shoved his rod deep, down my throat, causing me to gag with that last thrust. I swallowed and licked and nibbled and sucked softly as the last bits of cum dribbled into my mouth. I swallowed greedily.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm..." I said with a smile as I looked up and licked my lips. The taste of him filled my mouth. The bittersweet aftertaste of his cum was spicy on my tongue.

He couldn't speak for a moment, as he stared down at me, kneeling before him, with his cock still in my lips, cum on my chin, and his hands in my hair. I watched as he slowly gained control again. And then, only then, did he speak.

"I want you to lay on the bed." He lifted a hand to tweak my nipple while his other hand parted my thighs and massaged my soaked pussy.

He pushed me gently on the bed and directed me to lay in its center. I waited breathlessly for what was to come.

"You're not going to hurt me." 

"No. I told you I wouldn't hurt you." He took one of my arms and raised it upward, tying my wrist to the bed with one of the satin silky ties.

"I know. But.." I watched as he tied my other hand in the same fashion.

"But what?" 

"I never did this before." 

"Me either." He insisted.

"You act like you know what you are doing, though." 

After he had my hands tied he straddled me, his cock already growing firm again and pushing through his briefs, pushing against my pussy. "I do know what I'm doing. You are my fantasy." 

Ah. Good. Because he was mine.

I tugged at the ties as he planted a chaste kiss on my lips. "Bend your legs." He ordered this as he got off the bed and went into the bathroom. Running water sounded.
