 The next morning, I woke to an empty bed and the smell of fresh coffee, and ham and eggs being cooked. I forced myself out of bed and stumbled into the kitchen to see Elke standing at the stove, wearing only an apron, cooking breakfast. Both of my dogs were lying on the floor at her feet, tails wagging.

"Hi honey," she said happily, when she saw me standing in the doorway, watching her. "I don't know about you, but I'm starving! I hope you don't mind, but I decided to fix us a little something to eat."

"No problem," I replied. The dogs looked up at me, wagged their tails some more, but didn't move. "My house is your house."

"Good, because it's too late to stop now," she laughed as she laid out the food onto the plates.

I watched, still amazed at my luck, as she put the plates on the table and then untied the apron, showing me her naked body. As we sat and started to eat, Elke smiled at me. Both dogs moved over and lay down by her.

"Why are you smiling so bright?" I asked, between bites.

"Why not?" she replied. "I've got a great man, who gave me one of my best fantasies last night."

"I'm glad you enjoyed," I told her. "I can't wait to start working on the next one, now"

Elke chuckled lightly, and we finished our food. After we were done, I told her we could spend the rest of the day relaxing by the pool. 

"That sounds great!" she replied. "But I think we both need to shower, after last night."

When I suggested that we shower together, so I could get to those "hard to reach places", she lightly pushed me away and laughed.

"As nice as that sounds, you had enough time with those 'hard to reach places' last night. I think we should shower separately. You go and make sure the pool is ready," she told me.

"Oh, alright. You go clean up, and then I'll go shower...alone ," I replied, playing up my disappointment.

Laughing, Elke ran into the master bath and started up the shower. The dogs looked up at me, seeming disappointed that she was gone, and I shook my head, chuckling to myself.

A few minutes later, she came out, still nude and dripping wet, and said simply, "Your turn," as she walked onto the patio towards the pool.

I watched as her tight, firm ass, the one that less than twelve hours earlier had taken my cock deep inside for the very first time, moved away from me, and shook my head, smiling.

By the time that I finished my shower, Elke was laying on a lounge chair, taking in the late morning rays, as the dogs lay in the shade under their favorite tree. I saw that she had one hand slowly moving between her legs.

I gave her a soft kiss on the forehead, and she smiled, moaning softly, keeping her eyes closed. 

As I sat in the chair next to her, I watched her open her legs and slide a finger into her wet pussy. I heard her moan as she started to slide her finger in and out of her hot little hole, and her hips soon started moving in rhythm with her hand.

She brought her other hand up to her chest and started softly squeezing her breast. As she began pinching her nipple, she slid her wet fingers out of her pussy, and started to slide them across her stiff clit, slowly at first, then quickly picking up speed.

It only took a couple of minutes before her breath became shallow and her hips started moving up and down. Shortly after that, she slid her other hand down her body and slipped two fingers deep into her wet pussy.

Elke let out a loud, low moan as she stroked her clit and fucked herself, and she dropped her legs, her feet hitting the patio pavement.

"Ohhh goddddd!" she groaned, as she planted her feet and raised her hips.

Soon, she collapsed back onto the lounge chair as her orgasm swept over her body.

I sat and watched, slowly stroking my now hard cock as she shook in climactic bliss, moaning and gasping. 

As she started coming down from her orgasmic high, she slid her wet fingers from her pussy and started licking her fingers clean.

When she finally opened her eyes, she looked at me and licked her lips as she looked at my hard cock, encircled by my fingers.

Before I could say anything, Elke slid out of her chair, crawled over to me, and wrapped her fingers around my shaft.

"Oh yeah!" I softly moaned, as she slowly lowered her mouth over my hard cock, looking me in the eyes.

Elke raised her head just enough to keep the head of my cock between her lips, and started sucking firmly while she stroked the length of my shaft, the whole time maintaining eye contact. 

She began to quickly bob her head a couple of inches, never going any deeper, and I could feel her tongue flicking along the bottom rim of my cockhead.

"Oh my god! That's so good!" I moaned, as I reached down and grabbed a handful of her hair, placing my other hand at the back of her head.

At one point, she stopped bobbing and started to slowly lower her head, taking my cock deep into her mouth. 

"Mmm," she moaned, when she had the head of my cock pressed against her throat. She bobbed her head again, trying to push the tip even further.

"Oh my god, baby!" I gasped. "I'm gonna cum!"

Suddenly, Elke released my cock from her warm mouth and jumped up. "No, you're not," she said.

I sat back, gasping, and said, "Huh?"

"You heard me," she said, grabbing my stiff shaft and pulling me up. "You're not going to cum, yet. You're going to fuck me first."

She reached down to her chair and grabbed her towel, and then led me by my cock over to the diving board.

I stood and watched as she climbed up onto the diving board and spread her towel over the end. She got down on her hands and knees and looked over her shoulder at me. 

"Are you just going to stand there, or are you going to join me?" she asked, wiggling her ass at me. 

Now, I may not be the smartest man on the planet, but when a beautiful woman is right in front of me, on her elbows and knees, waving her naked backside at me, I know what to do, even IF my "little head" is doing the thinking for me!

I climbed on to join her, and Elke sighed. "It's about time," she said. "I was starting to think that I was going to have to finish myself off."

Her last word came out more as a grunt, as I shoved my hard cock deep inside her pussy, burying it in one stroke.

"Oh yeah!" she moaned. "THAT'S what I'm talking about! Now fuck me!"

I held on tight to her hips as I ground my pelvis against her ass, and started thrusting forward.

"Oh shit!" she moaned, dropping her head to the board, which lifted her ass higher.

I started sliding my cock in and out of her wet hole, trying to maintain my balance as the diving board bounced with my movements. 

After a couple of minutes, I pulled my shaft out of Elke's tight pussy and had her lay flat on her belly on the board. As I crawled behind her and slid the wet head of my cock up and down her slit, she slipped her hand underneath her body and started rubbing her fingers along her clit.

I placed my cock at her hot opening, and thrust forward, bottoming out again. We both grunted as I filled her pussy, and the board shook again.

"Oh yeah, baby! Fuck me good!" I heard her moan as I slowly slid in and out of her.

I felt her fingertips graze across my shaft as she continued to tease her clit, and I knew that both of us were getting close to the end.

Soon, Elke started pushing her ass back at me, and her breathing was getting shorter. I could hear her pussy sloshing as I fucked her.

"Oh baby! I'm gonna cum!!" she moaned loudly.

"Oh yeah!" I replied. "You feel so good!"

"Yeah baby! Cum with me!" she gasped.

"Oh, yeah!" I bellowed, as I slammed forward and my cock started spurting my load deep inside her pussy.

"Oh yeah! I'm cumming! Oh baby, I'm cumming!" she exclaimed, as she pushed back at me, with her hips shaking.

As my shaft spewed it's final drops into her wet hole, I collapsed onto her back, and we both lay there for a minute, catching our breath.

After a couple of minutes, I held tight to her hips, and rolled over, taking both of us into the cool water.

As I came up, Elke was laughing and yelling at me. 

"That was mean!" she whined. "You could've at least warned me!"

"Yeah," I replied. "I could have."

She swam up to me and wrapped her arms around my neck. Pulling our bodies together, she brought her lips to mine, and we kissed passionately.

After we separated, I climbed out of the pool and got a large inflatable raft, and we both climbed on.

"So, what are you going to do with the guest house?" she asked, after a while, her fingers stroking my inner thigh.

"Well, I'd like to find someone that I know, and trust, to rent it to," I told her. "That way, I know everything is safe, and I can spend more time at your place."

"Well," she started, with a sly grin on her face, "I just happen to know that Anita is looking for a place."

"You 'just happen' to know this do you?" I asked, chuckling.

"I think that this place would be perfect for her," she replied, ignoring my taunt. "It's close to the train, so it'd be easy for her to get to work and school, and you'd have someone here on a regular basis."

"This is true," I said, thinking about the arrangement.

"Plus," Elke added, "she's still living at home with her parents, and she really wants to get out. And, having her here would make seducing her a LOT easier...for BOTH of us."

"Aha," I replied. "Your infamous 'ulterior motives'"

"Who, me?" she retorted, her long eyelashes fluttering. "I'm sure I don't know WHAT you're talking about!"

I laughed and laid back as I felt her fingers wrap around my soft cock, coaxing it back to life.

Later that evening, as I was driving her home, Elke told me that I should drop in to the spa Tuesday night, to talk to Anita.

"I'm not going to be there, so she'll probably be a lot more comfortable talking to you about it that way," she said.

"Ok," I replied. "That sounds good."

As I walked in the spa Tuesday night, just before closing time, Anita greeted me and gave me a tight hug. "Elke's not working tonight," she told me.

"I know," I replied. "I wanted to talk to you." 

"Me?" she asked, sounding surprised. 

"Yes, you," I answered, chuckling. "Are you doing anything after work?"

"No, not really."

"Good. Let's go out for a drink, and we can talk for a couple of minutes," I told her.

"Ok, that sounds nice," she said excitedly.

A half hour later, Anita joined me outside, where I was waiting for her, and we walked to the pub/grill at the opposite end of the mall. Excuse me, I mean "Life-style Center."

As we sat down at a table, I noticed that Anita had obviously spent some time freshening up and re-doing her make-up. 

"So, what did you want to talk to me about?" she asked, after we ordered our drinks.

I told her about my coach house, and made her the offer to live there, cheaply, in exchange for doing some of the yard work and pool maintenance.

"That sounds great!" she exclaimed. 

I went on to tell her about the area, how easy it would be for her to get to school and work, and all of the other perks that would come with staying there, and she was very excited. 

"There's just one thing that bothers me," she told me as we worked our way through our second drink. "What about Elke?"

"What about her?" I asked.

"Well, I don't want to...interfere...with your relationship. I like her, and I like working for her," she explained.

"Elke and I are friends," I told her. "Granted, we're very good friends, with very good benefits, but we're friends. There is no way that you can 'interfere' with our relationship."

"I don't know," she replied. "I just..."

"Look," I interrupted, "before you make a decision, come out and look around, and then talk to Elke tomorrow."

She sat and thought about that for a minute. "Ok, I guess that sounds fair," she finally responded.

"Good. Do you want to come out tonight, before it gets too dark?"

"Ok," she replied. "Let me call home, first, and let my parents know what's going on."

"Sounds good," I told her. "Tell them that I'll drive you home, too."

A few minutes later, after we finished our second drinks, we were in my truck, and on our way to my place. On the drive, we were able to talk, and I found out some more about Anita. 

She told me that she was 23 and going to college to get her degree in American History, and after that she wanted to teach.

She also told me that she was raised in a strict, conservative, Italian-Catholic family, and was the only daughter. She was a gymnast in High School, and it was considered a great triumph that her father let her compete, despite his feeling that sports, especially something like gymnastics, was not the proper thing for a young lady.

Her parents had met Elke, and really liked her, and after they heard about what had happened at the party with her now ex boyfriend, Billy, they liked me, too, even though they'd never met me.

"So they didn't like him?" I asked.

"No," she replied meekly. "After I got to know him better, I understood why. I was ready to break up with him after the party, but he just made it so much easier that night."

"I can imagine," I chuckled.

"Besides, he was lousy in bed. He was too selfish," she told me. 

"Oh my gosh!" she gasped. "I can't believe that I said that! It must have been the wine! I'm sorry!"

"That's not a problem," I assured her, as I turned into my driveway.

As I pulled up to the house, the sun was setting, but Anita still looked around wide-eyed. 

"This is all yours?" she asked.

"Yes, I inherited this place from my uncle," I explained. "He designed and built the entire place."

"Wow! This is nice!" she exclaimed, as we walked to the coach house.

As we walked through, Anita was in awe. I was in awe, too, as I watched her tight, young body. She was maybe 5'3", and couldn't be more than 115 lbs. She had a tight little ass and nice, firm, perky breasts on her frame, and it was obvious that she continued to stay in shape. 

"This is where I'll be living?" she asked, breaking my train of thought, after we went through the entire house.

"This is the coach house, yes," I replied. "You'll also have access to the pool."

"This is bigger than my parent's house!" she exclaimed.

We then walked over to my house, and I introduced her to my dogs. They all took to each other, and I knew that we would have a deal. 

As we walked back to my truck, so I could take her home, Anita stopped and looked at me.

"I'm really sorry that I said what I said before," she told me. "I swear, it must have ben the wine."

"And I told you, it's not a problem," I re-assured her. "There's an old Roman saying, 'In Vino, Veritas.' In wine, there is truth."

"I guess so," she said. "Too much truth"

"Don't worry about it!" I told her. "You're not the first person to spill their guts under the influence."

"Well, thank you for being so understanding," she said, as she hugged me tightly. I could feel her breasts poke me in the top of my stomach as she held me.

As we finally pulled away from each other, we made eye contact, and I could see by the look in her eyes that Elke was right. It wouldn't be difficult at all to seduce Anita.

When I brought her home, I went into her house with her and met her parents, in order to explain my offer to them, knowing that would help seal the deal.

When I explained all of the duties that would be expected of her, in exchange for living there and the use of an old car of mine, her father was agreeable, especially when I explained that I would be there at night for protection, along with the two dogs. 

"It will be good for her, the extra responsibilities," he told me as we shook hands over the deal. "Plus, with you and her boss, the German girl, Elke, we know that she'll be safe."

"Yes, sir," I told him. "Between the two of us, we'll take very good care of her."

"Good!" he exclaimed. "Anita, you start packing, and we move you next weekend."

"Sir," I told him, "moving her won't be a problem. I'll get a couple of apprentices, and they'll do all of the heavy lifting for us."

After a couple of glasses of wine, I left for home, and called Elke to tell her the news.

The day that she moved in, Elke was there, and it was the first time that Anita got to see all of the property in the full daylight. She marveled at the pool, and I told her that the way it was laid out, the pool was completely private.

"That means that if you want to get an all-over tan, no one will see you," Elke told her.

"Oh," Anita giggled. "I couldn't do that!" 

"Sure you can," Elke assured her. "You'll be surprised at how sensuous it feels, with the sun warming up your entire body like that."

"Oh, I don't know," Anita said softly, blushing at the thought. Elke looked at me and winked.

After my guys had moved everything in, Elke announced that she had to leave, telling us that she was going to her sister's for the weekend, and told Anita to "take good care" of me while she was gone. 

Anita blushed and laughed as she walked back to the guest house to start unpacking, and Elke hugged me to say good-bye.

"She's all yours," she whispered in my ear. "Have fun, and I'll try to stop by later, after I'm done abusing my vibrators, thinking about what you're doing with her."

A couple of hours later, I stopped in on Anita and told her that I was going to cook out that night, and when she was done, she should come over and eat and take a dip in the pool.

Just as I was firing up the grill, Anita walked over wearing a pair of flip-flops and a cover up. I could see a cute, firm pair of legs sticking out from under her wrap, and started wondering what else she was hiding.

I poured her a glass of wine, and told her to take advantage of the pool while I got the food ready. Out of the corner of my eyes, I watched as she dropped her cover-up to the deck and started walking towards the edge of the pool.

"Wow! You look great!" I told her, as my eyes took in the sight of her firm, petite body in the bikini that she was wearing. It showed off a pair of firm breasts that were bigger than I had expected, and a nice, tight little ass.

"I'm sorry," she replied. "I hope this is ok. It's really the only swim suit that I have. I wore it last year, when a few girls from school and I went to Jamaica for spring break."

"It's fine," I assured her. "If you wore that on spring break, you must have gotten a lot of attention from all the drunk college boys."

"Yeah, a little," she replied, blushing. I continued to watch as she dove into the pool, and I started cooking a couple of steaks.

A few minutes later, Anita climbed out of the pool and put her wrap back on, not tying it, and walked over to the table where I was setting out dinner.

"On my god!" she exclaimed as she sat down. "That felt SO good! I may have to come over and use this pool all the time!"

"I told you, you're welcome to use it whenever you want," I said as I took in the sight of her wet body finishing her glass of wine.

"Well, I don't know if I could come over when Elke is here," she said, taking another glass of wine from me.

"Why not?" I asked.

"Well, she's so tall, and beautiful, and, well, I just wouldn't want to do anything to be in the way," she answered.

"I guarantee you that Elke won't mind, and I'm certainly not going to complain about having TWO beautiful women running around my pool," I joked. " Especially when I'm the only man here!"

She blushed again as she sipped her wine, and then started cutting into her steak.

We talked some more as we ate, and she helped me clear the table when we were through. As we walked towards my house with the dirty dishes, she complained about how sore she was from the move.

"Do you have a hot tub?" she asked as we walked back towards the pool. "I could use a good soak."
