 David nervously looked down at his watch, trying not to be obvious. His girlfriend, Jenny, sat next to him on the couch, watching the movie, seemingly oblivious to his discomfort. He hoped he wasn't making a huge mistake with what he was planning, but it was too late now. His friend Tim would be over in 15 minutes, so there was no going back. And he hoped it would be a great night for all of them.

"Hey babe, unless you are really into this," he said running his fingers up the soft skin of her bare thigh, "let's go to bed."

She turned to look at him questioningly. "What is going on? You seem a little high-strung tonight."

"What? No. What is wrong with me wanting to spend some sexy time with you, instead of a dumb movie we've already seen?" He leaned over to place several soft kisses along her neck, knowing that was a major turn on point for her, and smiled slightly against her skin as he heard her sigh in pleasure. Distraction would work.

He stood up and grabbed her hand to pull her up, holding off any arguments. He turned and headed toward the bedroom, her trailing along behind. He had to get everything set before Tim got there. The front door was unlocked so he could let himself in.

In the bedroom, he turned back around and pulled Jenny into a firm embrace, pressing his lips hard against hers, tongue forcing his way into her mouth. She leaned in to accept his touch, opening her mouth wider, her own tongue pushing back against his.

He quickly leaned back enough to pull the sundress over her head and throw it on the chair. She stood there looking so sexy in just sheer lace panties. Jenny was small, just 5'3, thin with small perky tits that didn't need a bra, and shaved pussy. Just thinking about what was about to happen to his hot little girlfriend, caused his cock to stir in his jeans.

"Let's play a game," David said quietly.

Jenny raised an eyebrow, curious. "Ok, what do you mean?"

"Just trust me, I know your deepest darkest fantasies, sweetie." He walked over to the nightstand and pulled out some silk scarves and a blindfold.

"When did you get those," Jenny said smiling sensually, interest growing.

"Don't you worry about it babe, let me be in control tonight. Drop those panties and get over here," he said in a commanding voice.

Jenny hesitated, lower lip caught in her teeth, obviously deciding if she would go along or not. Then she looked right into his eyes, reached down to hook her panties with her thumbs, slowly pull them down, and kick them to the side. She walked toward him with a little swing in her hips, and he could already see the moistness showing from between her pussy lips. She stopped in front of him and waited for direction.

"Turn around."

She did as she was told, and he placed the blindfold over her eyes, making sure it was fully in place, then grabbed her hands and tied her wrists together behind her back, not too tight to cause pain, but firmly enough she wouldn't be able to get loose. He looked over and saw his friend Tim standing in the doorway, eyes trained on Jenny's prone naked figure. No turning back now.

"Get down on your knees," he said firmly. He held her tied hands to help her as she kneeled on the carpeted floor. She stayed there, naked, blindfolded, hands tied, waiting. He could see her chest rise and fall more quickly in excitement, nipples already hard. Maybe this would work out just fine.

David quickly undressed and nodded to Tim, indicating he should do the same. Then he moved around to stand in front of Jenny's prone form. Her face was just below his hardening cock. He put his hand under her chin, bringing her head up, so she knew where he was. "Suck my cock baby, get me hard," he said in a gruff voice.

Jenny didn't hesitate, but opened her mouth up wide and leaned forward, tilting her head up to take his member in her warm, moist mouth. David couldn't stop himself from moaning as she quickly managed half of his length at once, then pulled him in even deeper. She did give great head.

Tim silently moved behind Jenny, fully naked, stroking his cock to full hardness, just looking at the scene in front of him. When David looked at him and gave a slight nod, he smiled, dropping to his knees behind her. David held Jenny's head in place, starting to fuck her mouth, just as Tim placed his hands on her soft ass cheeks and spread them. Jenny jumped in surprise, trying to pull off David's cock, but he didn't allow it, keeping his dick firmly in her mouth.

Tim leaned in and started placing soft, gentle kisses on her lower back, down further slowly, finally moving in to tongue her small pink puckered rosebud. Jenny again started in surprise, but David held her head firmly, while thrusting into her mouth faster. The sight of his friend tonguing Jenny's virgin asshole turned David on so completely, but he had already jerked off a couple of times earlier in anticipation of tonight, so he knew he would be able to last.

He could see Tim actually had his tongue inside her, moving in and out, saliva lubricating the tender flesh. He moved away from her and held up a bottle of lube that he had grabbed, pouring a generous amount on her hole. He stuck one finger inside the well lubricated area and moved it around in a circle, then added a second, and third, now effectively fucking her ass with his fingers.

David noticed that Jenny's body had tensed up and stilled, and while he kept his cock in her mouth, he held it in place, blocking her from talking. He couldn't even move as he watched his friend start to open her up.

After a few moments of finger fucking and more kisses on her ass and lower back, David felt Jenny's tongue start to move again around his cockhead in her mouth and noticed her hips started to move back and forth against the invading fingers. Tim looked up at him and nodded. She was ready. David nodded back, eyelids lowered. He couldn't believe how excited he was. His dick had never felt so hard.

Tim pulled his fingers out and stood up to stand next to him. David pulled his cock out and Tim moved over and immediately put his cock in Jenny's open mouth. No one moved for a moment, then David saw Jenny's mouth begin to move up and down, licking and sucking the new dick in her mouth. He had no doubt she knew it wasn't him. Tim's penis was a little longer than his own, but David's cockhead was much thicker. It appeared that she was more than good with what was happening.

He moved back behind Jenny where Tim had been and grabbed the bottle of lube to pour a generous amount on his rock-hard cock, rubbing to get fully covered, then turned forward, eyes locking with Tim's as he eased his mushroom head into his girlfriend's virgin hole. He pushed forward, and the head popped in causing Jenny to jump and moan on Tim's cock. He waited a few seconds, enjoying the pressure of her tight entrance, letting her body accept him, then started thrusting, slowly, inch by inch, until he pushed against her ass, fully inside her.

Tim watched with amazement as her hole opened for David's full length, her mouth still working on his cock, and as David began fucking her slowly, getting her used to his fullness, he popped his cocked out of her mouth. David pulled out of her ass then, and Jenny moaned in disappointment in the sudden emptiness. He had taken her virgin ass, now it was time for another first.

David lay on the carpet, flat on his back, getting ready for the next step, while Tim reached down to help Jenny off her knees. He untied her hands and guided her over to David. He helped her straddle David's prone form, her back to his stomach, cock hard and ready. David reached up and grabbed her by the hips and pulled her down all the way, cock back in her ass. Jenny let out a small moan and reached behind to place her hands on the floor for support. Tim immediately got down on the floor in front of Jenny and push his rigid dick inside her wet pussy.

David heard her let out a quick breath as two cocks filled her at once for the first time. Then both men paused, buried to the hilt in her ass and pussy.

"What are you waiting for," Jenny said breathlessly. "Fuck me, fuck me hard, give me all your juices."

Tim and David looked at each other and smiled, knowing this would be a night none of them would forget.