 [Best when read after "Her Happy Ending"] 

*

Her body trembled as he slid his swollen cock along her glistening pussy. After coating his shaft in her juices, he eased himself into her just past the head, which drew a delightful gasp from her. She was a little disappointed when he began to pull out, but that was soon turned to building arousal as he slid another inch of his hard dick into her at an agonizingly slow pace. His slow insertion drove her crazy as he held her hips down to prevent her from thrusting her way onto his hot flesh. After painstakingly moving in another inch, he gave her tight pussy a moment to adjust to his girth, then withdraw & teased her clit with his cock head before ever so slowly adding another inch. He continued this tortuously pleasurable process until there was only a couple inches left. Then he withdrew to the head, put his hands firmly on her shoulders, kissed her deeply, & drove the entire length of his cock into her with one grand thrust.

She gasped, then let out a slow moan as her depths adjusted to his size. Having never been so filled, she had nothing to compare the feeling to. "Fuck, that's good", were the only words she could form as he steadily began to increase the pace of their fucking. Having built up a good rhythm, he moved his hands from her shoulders to her hips, so he could better move her pelvis about is cock while being mesmerized by her large breasts bouncing back & forth on her chest. He took a swollen nipple into his mouth as he continued to pound into her wet pussy. Her ragged breathing & wide eyes let him know that another orgasm was building inside her. He began pinching her other nipple as his mouth moved to nibble on her ear. Now fucking her hard enough to shake the whole bed, it was all she could do to not pass out as she worked her hips & wrapped her legs around him to take in as much as she could. She held him as deep as her body would allow while her vagina clenched down around his cock, her climax rolling through her body & shaking her legs loose.

After she recovered from her second orgasm of the night, he gave both her nipples a hard pinch, & told her it was time to go for a ride. Knowing full well what he meant, her eyes lit up hungrily as she wrapped her arms around the back of his neck. He hooked his strong arms under her knees, gave her ample ass a mighty squeeze, & picked her up off the bed as he held her body against his. She absolutely loved this fucking position. He slowly lifted her by the ass off of his penis. Then, just as his cock head reached the opening of her pussy, he let her fall, impaling herself back on his meat while thrusting up with his entire lower body. When timed just right, his thrusts kept her body bouncing on his cock while her breasts continued to hypnotize him with their pendulous movements. All he could do to keep from drooling at the sight of her body's gyrations was squeeze her ass tight & suck on her lower lip.

Eventually he couldn't settle for just bouncing her on his dick, & began pulling her booty back onto his cock to meet his thrusts with even more force. By this point, she wasn't concerned with discretion, & was moaning with increased abandon every time his cock plunged into her depths as his balls slapped against the base of her pussy. She was greatly enjoying watching him manhandle her, & after another couple minutes of being fucked roughly with his tight grip on her ass & his thickness constantly filling her up, another orgasm exploded from inside her; her head tilted back & she screamed out in ecstasy. This latest & strongest climax (so far) caused her pussy to clamp down so tight on his dick that he went weak in the knees, causing him to fall back onto the bed with her still firmly planted on his manhood.

All without missing a beat, he sat up & started to slowly lick the side of her neck while she began grinding her hips in circles on his throbbing cock. He matched her grinding motion with his thumb by tracing little circles on her clit as he used their grinding to steadily move his hard dick in & out of her tightness. They were both able to catch their breaths enough in this position to allow their energy to build back up to more vigorous movements. He gave her ass a loud slap. She met his grin with one of her own, then started aggressively rocking back & forth on his fuck stick while her heavy breasts crashed wildly into each other with every forward motion. His hands dug into her ample ass cheeks so he could lift her off his cock & drop her back onto it in time to her rocking. The loudness of her soaked pussy lips constant slapping against the base of his thick cock was added to their moaning & cries of passion. The occasional "oh fuck" & "fuck me" could still be made out down the hall. They were long past caring though, as sweat glistened over their bodies & she could feel yet another orgasm building up within her. She was just coherent enough to keep telling him not to stop, & as her climax roared through her with a loud "oh, shit!", he kept right on bouncing & rocking her on his dick while her pussy continued to seize & tighten all around him like a vise. If she hadn't been so wet, the friction alone would've been too much for him to handle.

When her latest climax finally faded, she slid off his thickness & took a well deserved moment to catch her breath, while slowly rubbing her swollen pussy lips & lying on her back. He rolled her onto her stomach, & started a nice, energizing massage up the length of her back, which wasn't what she was expecting. (She thought he was going to shove his cock right back in her pussy until he finally came). She was relieved for the break. He worked his way down her back over the next few minutes, & was now working his hands around her supple ass, being sure to check that her pussy was still good & wet. Giving both her cheeks a firm slap, he asked her how she wanted it, even though he knew her answer already. She told him to fuck her as hard as he could, & started taking deep breaths of anticipation.

He pulled her ass up off the bed, got a firm hold on her hips, & lined up the pulsing head of his cock with her pussy. Then, without a word, shoved his entire length into her with enough force to knock her off her elbows back onto the bed. Each thrush gained a little more strength behind it as he became more entranced watching her glorious ass shake under his forceful pounding. Before long, he felt like he was holding on for dear life while trying to fuck her into a coma. She let out a continuous string of sharp moans & expletives as his balls slapped against her clit like a electric pulse that shot through body over & over. And every time his cock head scraped against her G-spot, a little more pressure was added to her pleasure. The force of his hands on her hips only added to her arousal as he continued to work himself into her with abandon. Increasing the power of his thrusts again, her legs finally gave way & fell out from under her. This shift in position & force now had him angled to bounce his entire body on her soft ass as his pace still quickened. As he bounced up & down on her booty, he felt the familiar vise grip of her vaginal walls that signaled another orgasm washing over her. He had to bite down on his own lip to keep from cumming on the spot himself. At this point, all she could say in approval was "Fuck! Fuck! FUCK!" over & over again as he bounced on her ass.

Her last orgasm seemed to go on for another minute, with waves of pleasure constantly crashing down over her body as his relentless assault on her pussy went on. Though soon enough, the incredibly arousing display of her body beneath his which had kept him rock hard all night was finally too much for his senses to take. Both of their vision began to blur as he found a way to force his last strokes even deeper into her still tensed pussy. He buried himself to the balls & held her down by the hips as his cock finally spasmed & let loose with all the energy & cum his body could manage. He leaned off to her side, leaving his cock still twitching inside her. It would be another couple minutes before his erection faded, so he gently rubbed her ass & slowly pumped his dick in her swollen pussy until it ceded to the pressure & came to rest between her lips.

He got up to toss the condom, & returned with a large towel to wipe the sweat from her body. He would've suggested a shower together, but by the looks of her still arousing yet exhausted form, she could barely stand let alone take a shower. As he moved her around to towel her off, she could only respond with appreciative hums & the occasional moan when he rubbed an erogenous zone. When they we finally good & dry, he put a clean sheet on the bed & slid in behind her to spoon. She responded by slowly grinding her ass against his spent cock. Then she leaned back & told him that he better rest up, because as soon as she could feel her legs again, she was going to fuck him into submission. He playfully squeezed an ass check & one of her boobs & whispered back, "Challenge accepted." They drifted off to sleep while still grinding against each other, his reviving penis all but guaranteeing pleasant dreams for both of them.