 As she drifted off to sleep, she felt a familiar thickness throbbing against her ass. "Just a little nap, then I'll wake him up for the fuck of his life," she said to herself while slipping into unconsciousness. 

Her eyes slowly opened and adjusted to the darkness around her. Still feeling his hard cock nestled between her ass cheeks, she knew it was time to strike. Being careful not wake him just yet, she rolled over and slid her way down to bring his erection to eye level. With a deep breath to take in his scent, she lightly tongued her way from his balls to the tip of his member. She wanted to see how much of his cock she cover before his inevitable awakening; so after giving the head a kiss for luck, she slowly began to ease more of his cock past her lips. With only the first couple of inches on her tongue he began to fidget a little, then rolled from his side onto his back. She was quick enough to adjust her position while keeping his cock held steady in her mouth; and as she looked up to see if he was awake, she notice a goofy grin had spread across his still sleeping face. As she steadily took the next few inches, she could feel his cock begin to throb and expand even more between her cheeks. Remembering that she's yet to successfully swallow his full erection, her eyes grew wide as his member reached for the back of her throat.

She took a minute or so to relax herself, and her throat, with some calming deep breaths through her nose. Briefly chuckling to herself, she thought of how pleasantly surprised they'd both be if she could take his entire length. Telling herself that there's no time like the present, she took one last deep breath and slowly forced the rest of his cock past her eager lips as his head settled in the back of her throat. Feeling bold and triumphant with her new found oral skill, she lightly grazed over his shaft with her tongue, then made it snake its way along his dick's veiny underside. Then she casually sucked and licked on the head of his cock like a lollipop as the pre-cum began to trickle from the tip.

Surprised that having his entire penis in her mouth's warm embrace didn't already wake him up, she decided to switch things up. With the head of his cock still in her mouth, she rotated herself until her knees were on either side of his head and her pussy hovered just a few inches above his face. Careful to keep the rest of her body from touching his, she put her deep-throating skills back to work. Taking his cock all the way to its base. Savoring that new sensation of his throbbing thickness moving against her throat. Licking his juices from the tip while her lips kept a firm grip on the end of her trophy. It only took another few minutes of her arousing rhythm to finally wake him. She felt his balls tighten on her lips; and right before he came, she heard him gasp loudly in response to her mouth firmly planted at base of his pole trying to suck the life out of him. His cock twitched as his first blast of cum launched straight down her throat. Not wanting to miss out on the taste of his seed, she pulled back enough so that the next volley landed right on her tongue. "Someone's been stocking up on pineapple juice," she thought to herself while savoring the sweet and tangy cum that was quickly filling her mouth. As she began to swallow his load, she tensed her lips around his still spurting cock in surprise at the sudden feeling of pleasure taking place at her nether region. 

As the shock of waking up to an orgasm wore off, his attention shifted from the amazing feeling of being buried to the hilt in her mouth to the ever arousing sight and scent of her pussy hovering mere inches above his face. Without even thinking about it, he let his hands gently massage her inner thighs and started licking and kissing his way around her labia. Her arousal intensified as he grabbed her ass and pulled her down onto his mouth to give her the tongue lashing she craved. With his cock no longer in the throes of ejaculation, she backed her head off for a much needed breath of air only to see (with pleasant surprise) that his erection still hadn't gone down. She then found herself grinding down onto his face while watching his member pulse seductively in front of her. She playfully licked at it whenever it bobbed close enough, but most of her attention was on the orgasm that was rapidly building inside her.

He was sucking on her clit while massaging her inner lips with the hand that wasn't occupied with squeezing her ass when he heard her voice get ragged and her body start to tense up. Then next thing he knew, he felt her legs clamp down around his head as she began moaning passionately on his throbbing rod while rest of her body shook with pleasure. Her precious juices started running over his mouth and he began lapping up what he could as her pussy continued to gush. As her first orgasm was starting to wane, they both launched new assaults on their respective targets. He alternated between circling her clit and probing her pussy with his tongue and hands, while she aggressively bobbed her head up and down his thick shaft; each one determined to make the other cum first. He grabbed her round ass with both hands, and pushed her off of his face down towards his crotch. His dick popped out of her mouth as her arousal left a trail down his torso. She quickly realized why he was moving her, and adjusted her legs to get ready to go for a ride.

Her clit slid right up against his hardness while she slowly jacked him off. He then lifted her clean off of him, and held her at the end of his cock so she could line up their sex. He lowered her just enough to let his head slide an inch or two in as she let out a sigh of pleasure. Then, after feeling her wetness drip down to his balls, he let her drop the rest of the way down his shaft; forcing her to be filled all at once. Hot as she was already, being filled so quickly took her to the next level. She quickly began rocking back and forth against him as she was grinding her hips in little circles. He added to her ecstasy by reaching around to rub her clit while thrusting up into her with just enough force to keep from losing her balance. The sight of her ass bouncing around and grinding on his cock was as always a sight to behold, but he could see her breasts knocking into each other as she rode him, and he decided that they needed some company.

He sat up at the waist so he could reach his other hand up to her boobs to find a nipple to play with; her moans only getting louder as their bouncing rhythm intensified. From his new position, he was now able to lick and nibble on her right ear and pinching her left nipple while still rubbing her clit. All that stimulation pushed her body over the edge as yet another climax exploded through her body. She squeezed her free breast and fell back onto him, causing him to fall back onto the bed. She lay prone on top of him, her legs shaking as he continued to thrust himself into her with a steady yet forceful rhythm. She kept playing with her breasts while his hand roamed her torso and thighs. After orgasm number two, her pussy needed a short break. She rolled off his cock, told him it was time for a snack, and made her way to the kitchen. Watching her ass sway side to side kept his dick on the edge of cumming, so he took a couple of minutes to catch his breath before getting up to join her. 

By the time he joined her in the kitchen, she had made herself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and poured them some water. Seeing her standing there in all her glory with a nice sheen of sweat made her curves glisten in the soft lighting. They stole playful glances at each other between sips of water and bites of sandwich. When she finished eating, she noticed that he was staring at her chest (again) with a grin on his face. Before she could ask what was so funny, he leaned in to lick up one of a few spots of jelly that had landed just above her nipple. "Wouldn't want to make a mess," he said as he thoroughly licked the rest of her breast clean. Seeing the potential for more fun, she took some peanut butter and spread it in a big circle around her other tit. He took the cue, and quickly dove in to begin another thorough boob cleaning. Their close proximity soon led to a steamy make out session. Their tongues dancing in each other's mouths, with his occasionally venturing to her neck and ears. Her hands inevitably found their way to his rapidly rising pole as his squeezed their way down her body to her hips and ass. It doesn't take long for her to bring his erection back to full mast, and the wetness between her legs paired with her soft moans let him know that's she's ready for more. As if to fully drive the point home, she tells him between kisses, "I want to fuck...now."

Not needing to be told twice, he lifted her onto the edge of the table, then guided his stiff manhood into her waiting snatch. Her moans were stifled as they resumed making out while he slowly and passionately fucked her. She clenched his butt in her hands as his strokes grew in intensity. He then broke off their kiss, hooked her legs under his arms, and brought her ankles up over his shoulder to keep her from sliding back. The new angle of her legs caused her to fall back onto the table, allowing her breasts to swing wildly about as she rocked back and forth. He held her hips tightly as he fucked her with vigor, his arousal increasing and he leaned in to take one of her nipples into her mouth. Now with her knees up by her chest she could feel his balls slapping against her ass on every stroke, driving her wild. Ready to step the pace up, he pulled her ass just over the edge of the table, and without pulling out, spun her over so that she was bent over. He gave her thick ass a firm slap, and began thrusting into her from behind. With his balls now slapping against her clit at a quickening pace, she felt another orgasm was soon approaching. He held his aggressive pace with his hands firmly on her hips; her loud moans now competing with the sounds of their fucking to fill the room. He then reached around to vigorously rub on her clit, right on time to push her over the edge.

As her climax exploded through her, her juices ran down his cock and then both of their legs while accenting the sounds of his body colliding with her ass. Soon as her legs started to go slack, he figured it was time to move things back to the bed. So after one last smack of her ass, he flipped her back over between long drawn out strokes, reached down to kiss her, and told her to wrap her arms around his neck. He then straightened himself upright, and picked her up off the table without pausing his cock's slow assault. She bucked her hips in time with his steps as they breathlessly kissed each other and steadily made their way back to the bedroom. Once they made it to the bedroom, he lifted her up on each step until just the engorged head of his penis was all that was left inside her. Then he let her drop on the following step, planting her firmly back on his erection. Before they made it to the bed, they ended up against a near wall where he could fuck her senseless. He alternated between kissing her lips, neck, and ears as he pounded her pussy; sweat now dripping down their steamy bodies. 

With her hands now free, she started rubbing on her nipples while the other reached down to play with her clit. Between that, the kissing, and the thorough fucking she was enjoying, another orgasm was already well on its way. Sensing her body starting to tense up in anticipation, he licked and nibbled at her earlobe while telling her how sexy she looked on his cock. Once her climax began, her legs shook wildly enough to throw him off balance and bring them crashing down onto the bed next to them. She landed face down, and not wanting things to slow down, she demanded he put his cock back where it belonged. He was all to happy to comply as he straddled her legs, and without hesitation slid his throbbing hard on back into her vagina's hot embrace. Inspired by their new position, he massaged her lower back and ass while he fucked. She was arching her back and pushing her ass back to meet each thrust with enthusiasm. Inevitably his massaging became focused on her ass and hips, as he rocked his body against hers. Sensing that he was nearing his end, she told him it was time to put his cock in her ass.

Reaching across the bed, she grabbed a bottle of lube off the nightstand and handed it to him. "I need you good and slick." she said as she wiggled her ass in front of his gaze. He covered both her asshole and his extraordinary erection in the slippery liquid, grabbed her ass, and positioned himself at her rear entrance. "Slow, slow, oh God slow," she moaned as he ever so carefully slid just the head of his cock into her. The fit was like nothing he'd ever felt, so tight and hot that it took all of his focus not to cum as he listened to her needs. "Slow, just like that. Let me get used to it. Fuuuck that's amazing." She had never been filled this way before, and as her ass stretched to accommodate his impressive size, she started moving against him. "Mmm more" she sighed with her face against the pillow. His pace picked up the slightest bit, and he started moving deeper inside her. "Harder" she moaned, and he knew what she needed. He tightened his hands on her hips, asked, "Ready?", and when she nodded, slammed into her. 

"Oh. Fuck. YES!" She screamed into the pillow, each word timed with his thrusts as his hand was reached around, rubbing on her clit. Her words quickly became incomprehensible and lost among their moaning and heavy breathing. Everything was so tight that in no time at all she felt the familiar tightening in her muscles signaling yet another orgasm. It crashed into her just as she felt him erupt inside of her. Their bodies tense up with his throbbing cock buried balls deep in her ass. They collapsed onto the bed, and soon they caught their breath with her wrapped in his arms. "I think I can sleep now," she murmered, halfway there already. "Good...," he replied as he kissed her one last time, "...you'll need the energy in the morning."