 Terri was frustrated with her job again. She had taken her daughter Kaylee over to her mothers and was looking forward to just having a night off alone. Since our tryst a few weeks ago she had cranked up the flirting machine on high. She was also flirting with Dana. Unbeknownst to me the two ladies had some wild nights after drinking at parties. So to Terri this was not unusual.

I was wondering if she had spoken to Dana, because she was acting looser around me in regards to returning the flirting to Terri. We all seemed to just have fun parading around like a group of hormonal hippies brandishing our desires.

I dropped by to see Terri on my motorcycle. She was wearing one of her signature, two sizes, too small, blue jeans. That combined with a tight red t-shirt and a pair of knee high boots and she was again too gorgeous to ignore. 

"Would you like to go for a ride?" I asked.

"Sure let me get a sweatshirt." She replied

When she returned to the bike she had her hair in pigtails and a zip-front sweatshirt that was grey on. She hiked a leg over the seat and got seated in behind me. She wrapped her arms around my waist and squeezed me tight. I revved the Harley and we took off.

"Where are we going?" She asked coyly.

I smirked and answered, "It's a surprise."

We rode for about 15 minutes and I noticed that she had slid a hand down and was massaging my flaccid cock and my balls. It was a little distracting but was nice all the same. I also noticed that she was rocking her hips against the seat. She gasped and moaned in my ear.

"Oh that was nice, I love motorcycles." She exclaimed.

I knew immediately what had happened. She was grinding her clit into the seat and the vibration had gotten her off. Dana had done this a number of times, especially in Daytona when she just wore a bikini. Hell, on one ride Dana had 14 orgasms on the way to a pig roast. 

I informed Terri we would be where we were going in just a couple of minutes. She went back to massaging my, now half hard, cock through my jeans. In a short period of time we were at my cabin up in the mountains. I pulled in front of the cabin and we both dismounted the metal steed. As we made it to the front door she grabbed me by the arm and spun me. When I stopped I was inches from her face. She pulled me close and kissed me passionately. 

"Lets not even go inside." She said in a husky voice. She began to take off her clothes and boots. I ripped my clothes off as fast as I could as well. I moved towards her and picked her up off the ground and leaned her up against the wall. She was kissing me aggressively and wrapped her legs around my waist. I moved my cock into position and entered her. She was wetter than ever, my cock thrusted in her easily. I began to ram my cock into her hard and with each thrust I grunted and she moaned. 

"Oh, fuck me hard!" She yelled while digging her nails into my back.

I was ramming my cock into her so hard I thought I would knock her out by hitting her head on the side of the cabin. Before too long she was gasping and spasming, cumming so hard I felt liquid run down my cock onto my legs.

We went inside the cabin and lay down in front of the fire. We both fell asleep in short time on the pillow chair. About 2 hours later I was awoken by the feel of warm, wet lips on my cock. When I opened my eyes Terri was working the top of my cock with her lips and her hand. She stroked me as she moved down to suck on my balls. She was using her thumb to rub that spot just under the tip of the head of my cock. She brought me close to orgasm a few times playing with it like that. 

That's when another pair of hands came down to pinch my nipples. It was Dana who had come to the cabin after calling Terri on her cell phone. 

"I hope you two are still up for some fun." Dana said with a devious little laugh.

"Mmmm, is that for me?" Terri questioned Dana.

A slight moan of agreement was the response. Terri mounted me while I was still on the chair. She squatted down on my cock and rocked a few times to get me wet with her juice. Then I saw what she was talking about. Dana walked around and moved into position behind Terri with a huge black strap on dildo. She was lubing it up with some KY. 

She slipped the beastly toy into Terri's ass slowly and with great care. Terri was moaning loudly with every thick inch. Soon she was pumping the rubber cock in and out of Terri's ass. That is when I began to move my hips up and down against the thrusts from Dana. I could not take the sensation of feeling that cock pounding through her ass and I orgasmed hard deep inside her. Shortly there after Terri came hard and I could feel the spasms of her pussy around my cock.

Dana pulled off the strap on and followed me to the couch. I sat on the couch and Dana began working my semi hard cock in and out of her mouth. She soon had it hard again. She stood up and lowered herself on my cock, facing away from me. She rocked her hips and was working my cock with the muscles inside of her. It wasn't long before she was moaning loudly.

Terri came over from her position on the floor where she was rubbing her clit for the last few minutes. She knelt down in between our legs and began to alternate between sucking on my balls and sucking on Dana's clit while she rode me.

Dana moans became yells as she closed in on what sounded like it would be a powerful orgasm. She was just about jumping up and down. As she came, she reached back and grabbed my head and arched her back in to an extreme angle. Terri sucked hard on Dana's clit as she was cumming. We all were surprised as the fluid gushed out of Dana. We all slumped onto each other and rested on the couch for a while.