 The air was cooler when she stepped out of the bath. Her skin still warm and damp from the steamy waters, pricked at the new sensation of the breeze sweeping through the house. He must have opened the windows.

Walking into the living area, bare feet padding on the polished wooden floor, she made her way towards the open French doors that were currently letting in the ocean breeze from the patio. The view was incredible. Bright full moon reflected off the waters, waves high and crashing into the shimmering sands of the beach, all of this the back drop to the large velvet chair in front of the small fireplace where her lover sat waiting for her.

She smiled and ran fingers through her damp curls. His back to her, dark hair slightly disheveled from where her hands had held into it earlier from their lovemaking on the kitchen counter, and still shirtless. The glow of the fireplace made his shoulders a strange orange tinge. Odd with the beauty of nature outside and the amber glow inside making a mixture of wild and intimate which was exactly how she felt about this encounter.

She held the towel around her body. Full breasts pushing at the material making it barely cover her body. Long legs sticking out making the whole look awkward against the tiny towel. On a wicked whim she let it fall to the floor before coming up behind him in the chair. There was afterall no real reason to wear clothes when her hopes were to have them taken right back off.

He was holding a glass of wine in his right hand, and she slid herself into the chair perched on the arm of the left allowing his arm to pull her into him and onto his lap. It was a peaceful moment; a delicate time of silence, happiness, and the knowing that this was a rare moment that might not find a way to happen again in their lives.

"It's beautiful, the moon," she said as she placed her arm around his neck and nuzzled close to his face.

"I think the moon is beautiful too, every inch of her," was his reply making Moon blush and squirm on top of the towel that was wrapped around his waist.

His hand stroked her side; paying careful attention to the curve of her breast and then close detail to the shape of her thigh until she sighed into the side of his neck and kissed the lobe of his ear. He turned and smelled her freshly washed hair. "All clean from dessert I see," he smiled at her thinking of how only a few minutes earlier he had trailed whip cream down her body with strawberries until she had exploded from the attention. It was something he knew he would think about often.

She smiled at him. "It would seem that way." Her hand stroked his chest exploring him until her hand found the edge of the towel and she looped her fingers inside the edge. Smiling at him, she stood up and let her body press over him in the chair. 

One hand in the towel, the other on the back of the chair she kissed him slow and passionately, full breasts swaying to brush against the hair on his chest. In one motion she slid down between his legs to her knees and pulled the towel open at the same time. The night's air having the same tingling sensation to him as it had to her body earlier as the thing she sought began to grow hard once again. "Of course there is still something I have a craving for it would seem."

He watched her every movement. Having Moon naked before him was a frequent fantasy in his mind. Along with the sounds she would make, the way she would move, the one that stood out the most was watching her take him inside of her mouth. 

Her hands lead the way, wrapping around the base of his shaft and stroking in slow firm movements. Her eyes were bright with passion as she watched him growing harder under her hands. Harder was an understatement. It was all he could do to not lose control of himself just watching her. Her motions became a little faster, a little more kneading and she looked up at him to watch his face for a moment.

His hand came out to caress her face, his thumb pulling against her bottom full lip. She smiled at him, kissed his hand then licked her lips before opening them to lower herself towards his waiting cock. 

Her tongue came out first to flick softly against the large head of his cock. She wanted to know his taste. Probing at first then flattening into a soft bad, she swirled her tongue around the head then lowered her lips to take him deep inside.

It was all he could do to not let out a cry. Her hot mouth felt so good, so warm and inviting. He found himself leaning back against the chair and pushing his body forward to allow her better access. His hands could not resist touching her in this moment and he wrapped his fingers into her hair to stroke her scalp as she set up a rhythm of sucking him deep into her throat and then moving him out to the tip to swirl and taste then do the process again. 

He wanted to guide her, to control her mouth and find release here as he had dreamt about so many times. He applied pressure to the base of her skull, moving her into the rhythm that he liked best. His attentions where encouraged by her, her hands cupping his balls as she moaned her approval with him deep inside of her throat. The sensation was overwhelming to the senses, and he arched back to close his eyes and give in to the moment of pleasure that she was giving him.

All the images of her he had seen when he would touch himself in quiet moments, all the sounds and moments that they had shared this very night already flooded his mind and mingled with the beautiful image of her thick curls entwined in his hands, and her blue eyes watching him as his cock slid in and out of her mouth faster. The reality and fantasy were becoming a blur and he felt himself building up earlier than he had expected. 

His hips rocked up against her face, and one of her hands moved to stroke his shaft in rhythm along with her mouth. She leaned back for a moment, stroking him still while she looked at him. He leaned up to look at her, sitting back watching him as she stroked him. She dipped down to nip at his inner thigh, then kissing a path to his belly, she looked up at him again, "Let me do this. I want to know how you taste."

With that she put his hands back on the sides of her head, and took him deep into her mouth again. This time she brought him deep, completely into the back of her throat causing small gagging spasms to erupt until she set her new pace.

Her tongue flicked the backside of his shaft going down and pressing firm along the length moving up. Slurping noises came as she swirled the cockhead with her lips and tongue before pressing herself back down the length.

The moments were too passionate and too intense. He had wanted to finish this game on the floor cumming deep inside of her, but she had other plans and was winning him over to them with her wonderful mouth and tongue.

She felt him tense, his balls drawing in, and his hips thrusting up with stronger passion. This was what she had wanted, and what she had been waiting to see. Knowing he was close, she relaxed her throat to take him to the back and hold him there. She began sucking his cock harder, holding her lips as a seal around the base and feeling the head of him pulsing up to hit her tonsils.

Hands began to clutch at her hair and hold her head closer to him. Her nose pressed into the area above his shaft she felt him shift, heard his breathing get harder then with a sudden thrust the moment happened. Hot liquid filled her mouth, splashing into the back of her throat. She held him there loving the feel of him emptying into her mouth. Knowing the pleasure she was giving him gave her pleasure all her own.

He came harder than she had expected after their evening of love making and she almost couldn't swallow him all. With one last spasm, she pulled her mouth slowly upwards off of his slackening cock and swallowed deep the warm sweetness that she had caused him to release. 

He had called her name in his moment of release, and now he was breathing hard and watching her completely relaxed in the chair. She stared at him a moment and allowed him his time to collect himself again.

Before she knew it, he was pulling her into his lap again and kissing her over and over. Shaking hands holding her in his lap, "You're amazing," he whispered, "that was amazing."

Moon curled herself into his arms. Happy that she had pleased him, and happy to be here in the one place she wanted to be, "it comes natural with you."

Together they watched the water, happy to just touch for a moment and find peace.