  (The continuing saga of Charlie's rise – written comments welcome!)



"Oh, crap!" Karen moaned. Her mother had just noticed her tank top was on inside out. She obviously knew something more than pool was going on in the basement. Karen looked over at Charlie. Poor Charlie, she chuckled to herself. His eyes were wide open in shock, dumbfounded; he looked like a deer caught in the headlights.

"Do you think she knows. I mean, maybe she thinks we were just making out or something."

"Yeah, I'm sure back in their day you made out by taking clothes off!" Charlie had just finished fucking Karen in the back furnace room when they heard noise coming from upstairs. They quickly dressed and in their haste, Karen had put her tank top on inside out, and of course her mom picked up on it right away.

"Anyway, it's too late now. If she knows, she knows."

"Were you ever...I ummm...I mean....uhhh, did you and..." Charlie searched for the words to ask his new girlfriend if she and her old boyfriend, his step-brother, had ever been caught fucking.

"No, me and fuck-head never did anything at my house. I've never been caught or even been this close before".

Karen had been dating Charlie's step-brother for almost a year. It was pretty much common knowledge, at least among her peers, that they had been enjoying each other's bodies. Mark, the step-brother, had been bragging all around school that he and Karen 'hooked up'. That was the beginning of the end as far as Karen was concerned. She wasn't ashamed about fucking Mark, she fully enjoyed being fucked. What she didn't like was the dick-head telling everyone and their mother that they were intimate. Intimate, she thought. Oh hell, we weren't intimate, because now I know there was no love between us, it was just fucking. Even to her, that sounded pretty lame.

"I better get going before your dad comes down with that shotgun of his loaded." Charlie's attempt at a joke falling on humorless ears. 

Karen was looking at him with concern and fear. What had begun as just a little fun and maybe some retribution, Karen started dating her ex-boyfriend's step-brother about a month previous. What she didn't expect was how completely different he was than his brother. Where Mark was selfish, a braggart, and even sometimes violent, Charlie was caring, tender, and loving. She thought dating him would stick a knife in Mark and make it clear she was no longer interested in him, but now she found herself actually falling in love with Charlie.

She thought back on what had just happened in the furnace room. Although she kept insisting that they stop, Charlie pushed on until he was buried deep in her cunt. Even through her insistence, she knew in her own mind her reluctance was simply a sham. She wanted to get fucked, she enjoyed it, and it had been a long time since dumping 'ass-hole'. But even though she may have been a co-conspirator, and even though Charlie ignored her faux-insistence that they stop, Charlie was still more gentle and tender than Mark ever was. The activity may not have been the romantic interlude that she frequently dreamed about, but there just seemed to be an air of love and concern around his actions. He wanted her, and he wanted her bad, but in Karen's mind she knew that part of the reason he pushed on was because her objections were faint, if not down right absent. She knew if she had been adamant about stopping, he would have.

And that was her concern now. Her feelings for Charlie were building daily and she truly did not want to see their relationship come to an end.

"You ok?" she inquired.

"Yeah, now that my heart isn't beating so fast! Look, Karen. I hope this doesn't create too much problems for you or for us being together, but I'm not sorry in the least for what happened. I know this is crazy and way premature, but I think I'm falling in love with you and I don't want us to come apart. I think you're the greatest thing that's ever happened to me and I want to be with you, for ever."

"Oh, Charlie, I'm sooooo happy to hear you say that", tears welling in her eyes. "I know it's only been a short while, too, but I really, really like you. Fuck it, I think I'm in love with you, too!"

The two new lovers moved to each other, wrapping their arms around the other in a loving embrace and finally a heart-felt, tender kiss. Both of their feelings of apprehension were sated by each other's admission.

"I better get going," he reached for her again, kissed her full on the mouth and looked deep into her eyes. "I love you, Karen."

Karen's body flushed, tingles tickled up and down her spine, and she suddenly was covered in goose bumps. "I love you, too, Charlie. See you tomorrow?"

"Try to keep me away," he challenged, again kissing her full on the lips, his tongue slipping into her mouth. "See you tomorrow."



Charlie picked up the phone on the second ring. He had been in his room going through his email. It was Karen and she was her usual chirpy self, which helped to set his mind at ease, given what had occurred last night.

"Hey, babe. It's me," she obviated. "Gotta tell ya this! My mom and I had a looonng talk last night after you left."

"Oh shit! About us?"

"Yeah, but it was nowhere near what I expected. Let's just say everything is cool! I guess since I'm now the big One Eight, she felt a discussion was better than a lecture!"

"So we're cool? Your parents aren't sending the Navy Seals to end me!" Charlie joked.

"We're good. She likes you, for some weird reason." It was Karen's turn to joke. "She actually thinks we're perfect for each other."

"Oh great! Now I'm gonna HAVE to marry you!"

"Don't get ahead of yourself, lover, I just want you for your body."

"You got it!" They both laughed quietly to each other, knowing full-well that his comment was more true than hers. "What's up?" he asked.

"I know this is a little weird, so soon after last night and everything. But I'm going to spend the night at Bev's house. It's something we had planned a couple of weeks ago. In the rush of madness last night, I forgot to tell you. You're not mad are you? I can see you tomorrow, all day if you want."

"No worries, babe. You have fun with your girlfriend, I'll find someone to keep me hard, er um, I mean busy!"

"Not funny! If you need things to be difficult, you know HARD, I'm more than willing, and happy to boot, to take care of that for you!"

"Just jokin'. You know you're the only one for me", Karen's heart melted. "Ok babe, have fun tonight, I need to organize my porn collection anyway. Love you."

"Stop!" she cried, "I love you, Charlie" as they each hung up the phone.



The continuous buzzing finally broke through the sleep-induced haze. Charlie realized that the noise was his cell phone. Through closed eyes, and no light, he reached for the phone, noticing the caller ID was 'HotStuff', his affectionate nickname for Karen. The clock on the end table said 11:10 p.m.

"ello," he partially answered his vocal chords not yet as awake as his mind.

"Babe, it's me. Did I wake you?"

"No, uhh-uhh, I was asleep anyway."

"I'm sorry, but I've got a huuuggee favor to ask you."

"Ask and ye shall receive," he joked.

"Me 'n Bev are working on our science project and I forgot my notes on my dresser. We're here alone, Bev's parents are out with my parents at the party. Neither of us has a car, my parents dropped me off on their way."

"Science notes? What the fuck? You sure you're not just testing me, to see how much you can control my every move?"

"Babe, I would NEVER take advantage of you, at least not that way! You know how I feel about you. We need the notes to finish our report, and besides, we're ALONE! You know, NO parents!" she emphasized, the implications finally sinking in for Charlie.

"I'm on my way."

"Oh you're such a sweetheart! Like I said, my mom and dad are out at a party with the Eggars. They won't be home until one, two o'clock in the morning, pro'lly. You can slip in the back door, there's a key for the lock under the rock by the flower pot. I'm sure you can find your way to my room. The notes are on my dresser, by the family photo." 

"I always wanted to get into your bedroom!"

"That'll have to wait, at least for tonight. Call me on my cell when you get them and are on your way over here, 'kay?"

"Yeah, sure, youbetcha!" Charlie shut the phone after their extended goodbyes. He jumped out of bed, got dressed, and headed out the door, his parents satisfied with the excuse he gave for going out so late in the evening.

Driving over to Karen's house, Charlie was suddenly lost in thought. This was a first, he'd never been in her house alone before. He was feeling a little apprehensive and thrilled at the same time. Sort of like when you were younger and playing hide-'n-seek and you were hiding waiting for someone to find you and you got that tingly feeling in your loins like you had to take a piss or something. I can snoop around Karen's bedroom, he thought. With no one home, I'll have the run of the house.

As he arrived at Karen's house, feeling somewhat conspiratorial, he decided to park his car around the side of their property, away from the front door and garage. He walked over to the gate of the fence surrounding their back yard, opened it and headed towards the back door. He quickly found the key, inserted in the lock, opened the door, and walked in. The home was eerily quiet, no sound was coming from anywhere.

Charlie had to stop at the back mud-room to get his heart rate under control. Technically, he supposed, he could be charged with B & E, if he got caught, although he doubted Karen's parents would press charges. But, they may be pissed enough to forbid him to see Karen for some time, and that would not be good! He almost turned around to go back out, stopped, shrugged his shoulders, and headed into the kitchen area.

Fortunately, Willy, Karen's dad, had installed night-lights throughout the house, so while it was dark inside, he could still see well enough to navigate the rooms on his way to his girlfriend's bedroom. Once inside her room, Charlie took in the surroundings. A four-poster bed was positioned between two windows that overlooked the front of the house, above the garage. I can't wait until me and Karen are bouncing off that mattress, he thought. Focus, idiot, you need to get in and out and over to Bev's place. End tables were on each side, with table lamps, a digital alarm clock, and the remote control for the TV that hung from her ceiling in the far corner.

There was a long, six-drawer dresser with a large mirror attached to it along one wall. If the door were closed, the full-length mirror on the door could be seen from the mirror on the dresser, so that one could see their front and back at the same time. Curiosity getting the best of him, Charlie walked over to the dresser and started opening drawers, checking out the contents. Hmmmm, nice bra, he thought, as he took a black, lacy item in his hands. Moving some of the other items around, he saw a number of very sexy looking bras in the drawer. Yeah, he thought, a hot chick wears hot underwear! Opening another drawer, he found panties and thongs, all of which were starting to create a tickle in his cock and he could feel himself becoming aroused at the thought of seeing Karen in them, and then taking them off her.

What a perv, he thought, as he slammed the drawer closed. The combination of seeing her intimate clothing and the exhilaration of sneaking around someone else's home uninvited was creating some voyeuristic thoughts in his mind.

As he past her walk-in closet, he noticed the taller, four drawer dresser in the corner of the room with the large photograph sitting on top. Charlie stepped away from the closet to get closer to the photo. Inspecting it, he realized it was a family photo of Karen, her mom Teresa, dad Willy, and older sister Angela. Looking at the three women in the photo, Charlie wondered how Willy could keep his mind on everyday life. Each of the women was more beautiful than the other. Karen definitely took after her mom; Angela on the other hand must have taken after Willy. She was taller, probably five feet seven inches, had long auburn hair that Charlie knew from personal experience that the photo didn't show, came all the way down to her lower back. Her blue eyes had a glint of experience in them, and he could see their similarity to Willy's. For the photo, she was wearing a cream colored blouse, the top two buttons undone, displaying ever-so-little cleavage. Her brown skirt ended about six inches above her knees. Charlie followed her long, toned legs up the photo and could almost visualize her thighs.

Suddenly, the silence was broken by an irritating buzz. It took Charlie a couple of seconds to realize the sound was coming from the cell phone in his pocket.

"Uh, babe! I need my notes tonight!" Karen admonished. "Whatchadoin' lookin' in all my drawers!", she chided. "Are you touching and sniffing my undies?" Charlie's stammering and searching for an answer made clear that her accusation had some truth in it.

"It's OK, really, Charlie. But I think you would rather see and feel them with someone in them, wouldn't you?"

Busted cold, Charlie could do nothing but grunt his agreement and apologize for taking so long. He quickly grabbed the notes by the photo, and started to head out the bedroom.

"Got them! I should be over there in about half an hour", he mumbled self-consciously.

"You're sooo cute! Hurry up, I want to kiss you!"

"I'm on my way!" He closed the phone, thinking about being startled by the phone ringing and not really knowing why he did it, he put his cell phone on vibrate. Suddenly, the room lit up like someone had turned the ceiling light on. Charlie froze, as he heard the garage door rolling up. Oh crap, he thought, Teresa & Willy must be coming home early from their party. It was 11:45.

Not knowing exactly what to do, Charlie thought he might hide in Karen's room, but if he did that, it would be harder than hell to get out of the house without being heard. It was way too far from her room to any of the exit doors. He started to head down the hallway, jumped two or three stairs at a time until he was on the main floor, in the family room. He heard the garage door close, car doors slamming shut. The door from the garage into the house suddenly opened and Willy and Teresa stepped into their kitchen. 

Charlie couldn't see them yet, and they couldn't see him. There was a wall separating the kitchen from the family room, although the entrance to the family room was three or four times larger than just a doorway. He had a few seconds to make a decision. Hide or get busted! Quickly looking around the room, he saw the coat closet just on the other side of the doorway. He leapt across the few feet to the door, opened it and jumped in, trying to close the door behind him. His foot lagged behind the rest of his body and the door bumped against his ankle, stopped, and fell open about eight inches.

Fuck, he thought, as he reached for the door knob to pull it shut. He wasn't too worried, since the parental units would probably head right upstairs to bed, it was late for these old-timers, he laughed quietly to himself. As he started to pull the door closed, he caught a glimpse of someone entering the family room and he stopped short, afraid any movement would be noticed. He hunkered back into the far corner of the closet, waiting to be discovered.

Seconds turned into minutes as Charlie waited cowering in the corner of the closet, the door ajar. Finally, he eased himself towards the opening and carefully looked out into the family room. Willy was sitting on the sofa, arms outstretched on the sofa back, feet up on the coffee table. Teresa was nowhere to be seen. Willy was wearing slacks and a nice dress shirt. Wherever they had partied, it was mildly formal, not black tie, but not jeans and t shirt either. Willy kicked off his shoes and returned his stocking feet to the coffee table.

Again, a movement caught his eye out of his peripheral vision, and he leaned away from the opening as Teresa's head and shoulders came into view, walking by with a couple of cocktails in her hands. Oh great, he thought, they're going to have a drink before heading to bed. How long am I going to have to stay in here, he wondered. 

As she approached Willy, Charlie was able to see her fully for the first time, and his gasp almost announced his position when he took in the vision in front of Willy. Karen's mom was wearing a short, black cocktail dress that come about mid-way to her thighs. She was wearing black nylons and pumps; her hair was combed straight to her shoulders, with one side just barley overlapping her cheek. She handed one of the drinks to Willy, and turned slightly to sit down. When Charlie finally saw the top half of her body, his previous thoughts of her having small tits vanished, quickly. Teresa's dress was cut low, he was actually able to see past the curve of her breasts, to the skin below. Her breasts were uncovered all the way to the tip of her areola, at least that's what he thought. His previous thought that she didn't have an ample rack disappeared quickly as he took in her beautiful mounds. She looked incredibly sexy and his libido agreed as his cock started to stiffen.

"That was a fun party" Teresa said, while taking a seat next to Willy. Her sitting caused her already short dress to creep up her thighs a little. Charlie could see what he thought were the tops of her nylons and maybe a little skin of her well-defined thighs.

"It was OK", responded Willy. "Though I was about to cream Tim. The fucker couldn't keep his eyes off you!"

"Oh, Willy!"

"Hun, you look absolutely fantastic, definitely the hit of the party. You're a MILF, MY MILF! Ten of those hose-bags put together couldn't hold a candle to you. I thank God every day that you chose me. Even after all these years, just looking at you gives me a boner," he smiled, half-jokingly. "If I had to do it all over again, I wouldn't hesitate for a minute!"

"Stop, Willy, you're embarrassing me! I'm 45 for Christ sake, I'm over the hill!"

Over the hill, Charlie thought, I'd like to be over that hill, then immediately felt embarrassed about his carnal thoughts. Good lord, the woman could hold a candle to any of the girls he knew at school, well, except for one, he smiled to himself, thinking of Karen. Willy was looking into Teresa's eyes, a smile curving his lips, as he reached over to the coffee table and set his drink down.

"I've seen that look before, you horn-dog!" Teresa put her glass next to his.

"Come here!" he demanded as he reached for her.

Teresa scooted her ass closer to Willy, letting him take her by the shoulders, and leaned into his body. Willy flattened his lips against hers, kissing her full lips. Their mouths opened as each sighed contentedly. His tongue flicked out, brushing her lips. She returned the favor, Willy letting her tongue enter his mouth. He sucked for a moment, then found her tongue with his as they battled for superiority. His arms came around Teresa and he pulled her to him, holding her tightly against his body.

"I love you, Teresa, I don't know what I would ever do without you".

"You're the only one for me, Willy, always have been. You make my life complete, now shut up and make love to me!"

Charlie stifled a sudden gasp. Great, he thought, waiting for them to finish a drink would have been far more desirable than waiting for them to 'do it', and now I'm going to have to sit through these old-timers groping each other. But, curiosity once again got the better of him, so he slid quietly to the floor, sitting on his butt and watched the show.

Still locked in a tongue-mashing kiss, Teresa reached for Willy's shirt and started undoing buttons. When she was finished, she pulled his shirt off and nipped at his nipples, eliciting a shocked giggle from him. He placed his hands on either side of her face, pulled it close and kissed her again, gently, lovingly. Teresa reached for his zipper, pulled it down than attacked his belt. Soon, belt and pants were lying on the floor in front of them. Willy was sitting there in just his boxers and socks.
