 ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~

My unsolicited sequel to DamonX's story 8 Days. 

http://www.literotica.com/s/8-days

It seems it's all over but the crying...

There are too damn many intriguing stories that are never completed. If I find a story that's been left hanging for too long, I'll give you my idea of an ending. Fair warning though, I don't write about total wimps. May not be BTB, all nuclear and shit, but no voluntary cucks, or whiny simpering wimps. 

For information on how I decide which stories to continue, please check my profile.

~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~

I woke, aching from sleeping on the couch. I got up, stretched, and headed for the bathroom.

Lacey was lying in the bed, as if she didn't have a care in the world. That look of sweet innocence would be gone soon enough. I started the shower, and pulled my clothing together.

Don't know why I did it, but I leaned over and pressed my lips to hers, in her sleep. Those lovely lips, my favorite feature of hers. She sighed, and her mouth opened. I kissed her, slowly, quietly, gently. When I pulled away, she opened her eyes.

"Why?" she asked softly.

I shrugged. I was asking myself the same question. "You looked so sweet, so carefree. I've always loved your mouth, your lips. I guess I was afraid it would be the last chance I'd ever get to kiss you. I'm sorry."

"No. Don't be sorry. That was wonderful. Thank you."

I leaned over and gave her a another short one, then retreated to the bathroom.

I was shampooing my hair when she ambushed me. I felt her press against me, under the water. I moved a little, making room for her.

"We haven't done this in ages," she said softly, her hand taking over for mine, rinsing the shampoo from my hair.

I turned with her, and shampooed her hair. She leaned her head back, exposing her beautiful neck. I leaned down and kissed it, while my fingers massaged her scalp. When her locks were rinsed thoroughly, I pulled her close, her arms reaching around me.

"We were good together, weren't we? I'm not just imagining that, am I?" she asked.

"No. You're not imagining it. Up until six days ago, we were perfect together."

We stood a long time under the water, swaying gently. "I'm gonna miss this," I said.

She gave me a squeeze. "I know. Me too."

Lacey turned, taking me with her, pressing me against the back wall. I was hard, pressing against her belly. She looked up at me. "I always wanted to blow you in here. Just like this. I hate the fact that I never did. Can I now?"

"We probably shouldn't. We both need to move on."

She stared in my eyes, then dropped to her knees, taking me in her mouth. It was better. She was getting better. I could feel that she wanted it this time. She was eager to suck me. I reached for the shower head, lowering it to her back, so she wouldn't drown.

I braced myself, watching her do her best. Why now? Why couldn't she have done this before? Why couldn't I be enough for her? I drew her hair back from her face, smoothing it, releasing it behind her head. She was beautiful, no arguing that. Never more beautiful than with my shaft stretching her luscious lips. 

She grabbed my ass cheeks, and pulled me into her throat, gasping when she pulled away. God, that was nice. She took my hands and placed them on her head, opening her mouth wide, her lips no longer touching my cock.

I pushed deeply, penetrating her throat. Fucked her gorgeous face. I played around, pulling out, slapping it against her cheek. "Ask for it," I demanded.

She didn't hesitate. "Fuck my mouth, Damon. Make me suck your fat cock. Don't let me get away with shit! Fuck my mouth and make me swallow your cum. Make me your cum-slut. Nobody else's."

I used her mouth, reaching down and pulling her lips closed around my shaft. I turned her head and pressed her cheek outward. I let go of her, abruptly. "You do it. Make me come for you. Give me your best, you brazen slut."

She sucked me feverishly, bringing me closer. She yanked her head away, her hand stroking away, as she looked up at me. "I love your gorgeous cock," she said. "Come for me."

I grabbed her head, and pumped her mouth, straining for my finish, my legs trembling. When I was about to blow, I pulled out and pointed it at her face. She looked up at me, her eyes burning with need. She opened her lips, sticking her tongue out. The first shot went straight in her mouth, the next few criss-crossed her face, before I laid my cock across her tongue, letting her suck me through my final effort. I groaned, twitching at the sensitivity, as she pulled me out, and nibbled on the head. She let the cum leak out between her lips, back onto my cock, and sucked it clean again. She smiled, looking up at me, cleaning her face with her finger, dragging my cream into her mouth, and sucking her finger dry. It was the fucking sexiest thing I'd ever seen. When she was done, she leaned backward, letting the shower water cascade over her face, washing any evidence of our debauchery away.

I pulled her into my arms kissing her.

She hugged me. "That's two now. Two things I've never done for anyone else."

"Why now? Why start when it's too late for us?"

She nibbled my neck. "Because I've always wanted to do it. Because I was a coward, and you weren't man enough to make me."

She felt me tense up. "I...I didn't mean it like it may have sounded. I loved how you were. But I needed someone to push me past my own self-induced limits. When I got mad at you for calling me a slut, you should have thrown me on the bed, and fucked my brains out. When I didn't want to suck you, you needed to stick your cock in my face, and not take no for an answer. You loved me too much to do that, to force me to do anything I didn't want to. You didn't know that I wanted it, I just couldn't take the initiative. I never gave you a clue. I'm sorry I hid that from you."

The water was cooling, and she reached around and turned it off. She climbed out of the shower and handed me a towel, before grabbing one for herself. "A facial, Damon? Really? How long have you wanted to do that?"

"Since the first time I saw you. You're so god-damned beautiful. I wanted to come all over that incredible face, and make it mine."

She gave me a smile. "So is it? Yours now?"

"Lacey..."

She nodded. "I had to ask. I'm not trying to seduce you back. But if you change your mind, I'm willing to give it another try. No holding back this time. Full, open communication."

"You are trying to seduce me back."

She smiled bashfully. "Maybe a little. I won't press. But until my ass is out the door, I'm willing to be what I should have been all along. Just so you know. I'm not going to be the aggressor. You'll have to give me some indication it's what you want."

"Not the aggressor? How about just now?"

She giggled, looking down at my cock. "It was just a shower, until he decided otherwise."

I stared at my own cock, grabbed it and gave it a shake. "Traitor."

We both laughed, and I got dressed while she watched. Whatever the doctors had given her, had cleaned up 90% of her rash. She still had a lot of red spots, but they didn't seem to be giving her too much trouble. She was rubbing some kind of ointment on a few places, but they were few and scattered.

"Have a great day at work, Damon. Thank you for this morning. I know I didn't deserve it, but waking to your kiss made my day. It makes this all a little easier to survive."

"I still love you, baby. I want you to be happy, even if it can't be with me."

Strangely, I meant it.

~ * ~ * ~

I called Jenna to see if she wanted to have a lunch date, but got Nikki on the phone. "She's got a job, and said she'd be late. Do you want me to leave her a message?"

"Sure. Tell her: Sorry I missed out on funch. I'll call later."

I heard her giggle, as she wrote the message down. "You don't have to, you know."

"Don't have to what?"

"Miss out on funch. I don't have to be anywhere until two."

Funch with Nikki was fun. She was playful, accommodating, and eager to do whatever I wanted. I was with her for over an hour, an hour very well spent. She cuddled up to me afterward, my cum on her breath, and dripping out of her well used pussy.

"Are we really gonna do a threesome? You me and Jenna?" she asked, shyly.

"Did she tell you that?"

"Uh-huh. She said she was bribing you."

"What do you think of the idea?"

"God, I get all hot and bothered thinking of it. I'm a little afraid of Jenna. She likes to push boundaries."

"What kind of boundaries?"

Nikki blushed. "She's gonna make me eat your cum out of her pussy. Maybe out of her ass too."

"How about her? Is she gonna eat it out of yours?"

Nikki giggled. "No, she made it sound like she was gonna get all your comes, and I'd have to settle for second hand."

I pulled her up and kissed her. "If we do it, I promise you at least one good one, pounded into the pretty little pussy of yours. Then we'll see how she feels about it."

"You'd like that? Us eating each other out?"

"Hell yeah. Have you done that before?"

"God no! Never. The closest I've come to doing anything with a girl is what we did together."

"But you'd be willing to?"

"With you there with us? I'd love to. Just don't tell Jenna."

"Our secret. I gotta run, beautiful, before this conversation gets any sexier, or I'm gonna be real late."

"Of course. Call me anytime you need a funch break. Or fuckfast, or fupper."

What a sweet girl.

~ * ~ * ~

It was a little after 4:00 when the calls, texts and emails started.

Stacy's was the first call, and I still felt a little bad about how things had ended so I took it. "Hi Stacy."

"You did it, huh? Dumped her."

"I didn't 'dump' her. We talked. It was actually pretty good. By the end, she even seemed to agree that it was probably for the best, we were too different. She couldn't understand some of my issues, and I couldn't accept what she thought was Ok to do."

"So the wedding's off. She's calling around, you know, getting the word out."

"I, uh, thought we'd be doing that together. I didn't know."

"Well she is. She's taking most of the blame for it too. I still think it's a big mistake."

"Maybe. I don't know. I wish it had never happened."

"Yeah. I feel bad about that. We should have let up on her. Stopped teasing her so much that she was such an innocent. Egging her on with that idiot stripper was a mistake. I'm sorry, Damon. We didn't think it would end up this way."

"I know. I'm sorry too. Especially about that explosion last night. You're right, you didn't deserve that. You were fighting for your friend, and you were very good to me. I hope you'll forgive me. I'd like to make it up to you."

"Take her back. Take her back and all is forgiven."

"I like you, Stacy. You're persistent as hell, and a loyal friend. But I don't like you that much, to ruin my life."

"I had to try. Alright. You're forgiven. Forgive me for throwing a tantrum? I...I got kind of upset, you cutting me off in mid-stream. Nobody ever did anything like that to me before. I understand, kind of. Now. I shouldn't have lit into you like that. Especially that bit about getting a better lover. That was a low blow, and a lie. You're pretty great, when it comes to that. Sorry."

"No apology necessary. It wasn't a very courteous thing to do, on my part. All is forgiven."

"Great. If you want to take me out some time, give me a call. We'll be starting over, I'm not a guaranteed good time, just 'cause you buy me a burger. But if you do want to try, I'll take your call."

"I, uh, may take you up on that. Not right away. I need to get this behind me, alright?"

"Sure. I understand. I've gotta go. Call me later."

Her call was the leading edge of a tidal wave. Mom and Dad were the hardest. They loved her, wanted to know what was going on. I explained that we had issues we couldn't work out.

"Three days before your wedding?" Mom whined. "You wait that long to find out? We've got family coming in, plans made. Flights, hotels, the rehearsal dinner Friday, and you call things off now?"

"Actually, it started five days ago. It finally came to a head last night. I wish it was otherwise."

"You've got to try to work it out. You two are so right together. Where do you think you're going to find another girl like that one?"

"We tried Mom. It's not happening. There are other women out there. I won't be in a hurry to get as involved in the short term, but I'll be Ok. She's not the only woman alive."

I let several calls go to voicemail, and confirmed the texts asking if it was true, and if I was an idiot.

When Cale called, I took his. "Couple of things," he said. "You two really off? I know you said so, but it's still hard to believe."

"Yeah, we're done."

"Understood. I sent you an email. Fred's got all the surveillance stuff going out to his DropBox account. You can log in and check it out anytime you want."

"Thanks, but I think that probably won't be necessary."

"Whatever. It's there if you want it." He seemed hesitant all of a sudden. "Are you two really over? I mean for good?"

"Yeah."

"You mind if I take a shot at her?"

"Really? You know how she is."

"It doesn't mean I'll be marrying her, but I wouldn't mind seeing where things might lead. I won't do it if it'll give you heartburn."

I could hardly believe him. Then again, she was fucking gorgeous. A lot of guys can't see past that. "Go ahead, if you want. Good luck."

I was useless the rest of the afternoon. I dodged a call from her parents. I would wait until we were together, before tackling that one. Call me a coward. I wasn't looking forward to speaking with them. They were paying for the wedding. They could afford it, but still, a lot of money going to waste.

Another call I let go, not recognizing the number. A few seconds later, I got a text from the same one. "Sorry to hear about you and Lacey. Call me. Vicky."

One of her three BFF bridesmaids. It had me curious. I called her.

"Sorry I didn't take your call. I'm screening."

She laughed. "Getting flooded?"

"Yeah. I guess our Lacey's been a busy girl."

"Yep. You wanna take me out tonight, Damon? Maybe dinner? We can talk."

That came out of left field. "Talk about what?"

"What you're gonna do next. Lacey said it's cool. She's actually encouraging us. I know about you and Stacy. It's not gonna be like that, not yet. But I'm available. I'd really like to go out with you."

"Tonight?"

"You have a better deal already? Was it Donna? You know she can be a real bitch. And her tits are fake." Vicky sounded like she was getting worked up.

I hadn't heard from Jenna, and wasn't looking forward to a lengthy discussion with Lacey. "I'd like that. Can we make it early? Say, 6:30?"

"Perfect! I'll text you my address. It doesn't even have to be anything fancy."

I didn't need her address. It wasn't like I didn't know where all of Lacey's crowd lived. They spent enough time together. I tried Jenna again, but got no answer. I left a message and said I'd check in with her later. 

It was almost 6:00 when I finally got caught up and escaped from the office. I stopped at the grocery store for a small bouquet of flowers. I was at Vicky's place at 6:20. I was waiting in the car, when she came out the door. She waved me in.

"Sorry I'm early," I explained.

"Don't be silly. Come on in a minute. I'm almost ready."

She looked good. Nothing too fancy, but I could see she'd made an effort. She disappeared in back, and came out about 10 minutes later. 

Let me make this clear. Lacey was gorgeous, but her little pack of friends were all eye-catching. Vicky was some kind of Asian mix, very long, shining black hair. Petite, tiny, maybe 5' tall. She was nothing like Lacey, physically, which was what I needed.

When she appeared, I gave her a wolf whistle. "Looking good, Vicky."

She grinned, walking up to me and giving me a big kiss. Deep, tongue, no doubts about her intentions. "Let's get this out of the way up front."

"Get what out of the way?"

She dropped to her knees, unbuckling my pants. "I'm not a slut. You're not getting everything the first night. But once we're together, there's not much I won't do. I'm not Lacey."

She had my cock out, and it was already hardening. She gave it a couple of quick sucks. "I was gonna do this after the date, but figured it would be nice to break the ice. It'll help us get past some of the awkwardness."

A blowjob's a Hell of an icebreaker. She was damned good at it. Much better than Stacy's impromptu first blowjob. But I'll give Stace a break, she was under a lot of pressure. Vicky was attentive, and talented. She only took a few minutes to get me going. 

"I'm close," I warned her.

She picked up the pace, and didn't hesitate when I groaned and left a deposit between her lips. She cleaned me with her mouth, and tucked me away. Kissed my zipper in appreciation. She hugged me, and turned her face up. I could tell she was waiting to see if I was going to kiss her. I had no problem with that. If she was willing to take a mouthful, I was willing to get a hint of a taste after. I kissed her, deeply.

She smiled afterward. "Smart boy. You just earned yourself another one, after dinner. Shall we go?"

Damn it. I liked her. She was pleasant, she'd always been the nicest of the three friends, quieter. She wasn't quiet that night, a veritable chatterbox. She sat beside me at the upscale diner, nibbling from my plate, feeding me from hers. She was touchy-feely, making it clear she was more than interested, if her earlier demonstration hadn't already proven that. When the waitress asked if we wanted dessert, Vicky shook her head. "I'll have my dessert at home," she said, her hand sliding up my thigh, verifying it was ready for consumption.

In the car, she made her case. "Donna's wrong for you. Trust me. Stacy's not bad, but she's a ditz. You deserve better, Damon."

"This is kind of fast," I admitted. "I mean, seriously, she's still living with me."

Vicky nodded. "I know, but I have to get my shot in. We can give it a few days, don't embarrass her or anything. She fucked up, but she's still my friend."

She reached over and rubbed my cock. "I'm nothing like her. I know we seem like we're all the same, but we're not. I'm loyal, I'm faithful. I've never cheated on a boyfriend, and I swear I'd never cheat on you."

"She didn't really cheat. I let her talk me into a stupid deal. We made a lot of mistakes. Too many. That's all. I don't hate her or anything."

"Don't you think I know that? I know it all. She fucked up. She had no cause seeking out dick the week before you were getting married. No way she should ever have done things with that idiot she never did with you. And in your bed? Jesus, what a fucking idiot!"

She turned and glared at me. "That said, fucking Jenna was over the top. You know how those two are. That wasn't right."

"I know. I was so angry when I caught her in all her lies, fucking that stripper. I lost it."

"Good. Just so we understand. We're dating. I don't expect us to be exclusive yet. Hell, we haven't done much. But once we are, I'll expect you to be as faithful as me. I don't care if you're friends with Lacey, Stacy or Jenna. As long as that's all you are."

I almost laughed. It sounded like she already had our lives planned out for us. It's not what I was expecting, not by a long shot.

"Understood. I've never cheated. I don't consider Jenna cheating, or anything else once I'd accepted her deal. She threw the Jenna thing in after the deal. Once I caught her, I wasn't accepting her terms, since she broke the deal first."

Vicky nodded. "Listen. I'm big on communicating. If I piss you off like that, I expect you to tell me. Get in my face. Make me understand. Let's try to avoid big mistakes. Trust me, if you piss me off, you'll hear about it. Then we'll make up, and you'll find out why makeup sex is the best there is."
