 Kim stood in front of the mirror in the bathroom of the apartment she shared with her mother. It was a Saturday afternoon and her mom was out for the day. Kim had been trying on different combinations of outfits for almost an hour. She wanted everything to be perfect. She had been planning this for almost a week. She finally settled on a black mini skirt and black sweater that came down to just above her belly button. She then applied lipstick and eye shadow. Kim looked at her reflection for a long moment hoping she looked as good as possible. At 19 she stood at 5'7 with long brown hair, green eye's and lightly tanned skin. Her 36c-24-34 frame molded itself to her outfit perfectly. She was a knockout, more beautiful than she gave herself credit for. There was of course a reason for all the fuss.

A man had just moved into the apartment across the hall a few weeks before and Kim wanted to do the neighborly thing and introduce herself. Being a nice neighbor wasn't her only motivation though. She was curious. She had overheard some of the other woman in the building talking about him. From what she had heard he sounded like a dream. Kim wasn't going to believe any of what she had heard until she saw him for herself and today was the day.

She went to the door of her apartment and slid on a pair of heels. She opened the door as quietly as she could and stepped into the hall closing the door behind her. This was it, she was standing outside his apartment, number 202. Until now she hadn't even seen him. She knocked on the door and waited, she could hear his foot steps coming to the door. The first time she saw him she thought she was going to faint. He was about 6'0 tall with short blond hair and deep blue eye's. He obviously worked out a lot. His muscles stretched the T-shirt he wore almost to the point that it looked like it might tear away from him any second. His arms looked as big as Kim's thigh's. He looked about 23 years old.

"Hi." he said with a smile. " What can I do for you?" Kim took a moment to reply, she couldn't take her eye's off him. She wanted to jump on him without saying anything. He was the most gorgeous man she had ever seen. "Hi, I'm Kim, I live across the hall and I wanted to welcome you to the building." she said struggling to find the right words. "Well thank you, I'm Steve, would you like to come in? I haven't had the chance to meet many of the people here, had enough on my hand's just getting settled." he laughed.

Kim smiled and stepped in to the apartment removing her shoes. It wasn't what you would expect a single guy's place to look like. It was clean and well decorated. She followed him into the small kitchen, more interested in his backside than the apartment. He offered her a coffee and they sat at the table talking about where he had lived before and Kim mentioned she had moved here with her mom after her dad had divorced her. Kim noticed Steve seemed to be moving a little stiff. "Are you okay, you look like your in pain?" She asked softly. "Oh, it's nothing, just a little stiff. I was at the gym this morning." Kim stood up and moved behind Steve who watched her curiously until she was behind him. She put her hands on his big shoulder's and started to massage them. She couldn't believe how strong and hard his muscles were. She pressed hard on his shoulder's trying to work the tightness out of them.

Steve let his head fall forward with a groan. "You don't have to do this." he said softly. "It's okay, you need it." she whispered into his ear. Kim could feel her nipples getting hard under her sweater from rubbing his muscular shoulder's. She let her hand's slide down to his chest. He felt incredible, she didn't think men like this existed. She pressed her breast's to his back to let him feel her hard nipples against his body which were now visibly poking against her sweater. At first she wasn't sure how he would react but he leaned back slightly putting more pressure on her breast's.

"You didn't come here just to introduce yourself did you?" Steve asked. Kim replied by sliding her hands lower, feeling his abs through his shirt. She noticed the growing bulge in his pants. Suddenly he reached around the back of the chair with both hands and firmly grabbed Kim's tight ass. She gasped leaning forward to push her ass out to meet his hands. Her hands trembled, she felt like she was going to explode into orgasm right there. She wrapped her arms around his chest gripping his shoulders with both hands.

"Would you like to go to the bedroom?" Steve asked softly.

"Yes." Kim said through heavy breaths. Steve stood and scooped Kim into his arms carrying her to the bedroom. He put her down on the queen size bed and stood over her, taking in all her beauty. Had he not known her age he would have thought she was his age. Kim sat up on her knees in front of him and started to pull his shirt up revealing his perfect six pack. She kissed his hard stomach, moving up his front until his shirt was off. She was kissing his neck when he gently pushed her back laying her down on the bed. He lowered himself down, his face meeting her exposed stomach. He held her sides with his hands and started kissing her stomach while undoing her skirt. He slid it off, then removed her panties exposing her pussy. It was as beautiful as the rest of her, shaved except for a small tuft of dark fuzz. Steve plunged his face into it, licking around the edges of her pussy lips.

Kim squirmed, gasping and putting her hands on his head, trying to get him to touch her clit with his tongue but he stayed away from it, licking only around the outside edge of her pussy. "Oh god, don't tease me, fuck me with your tongue." she begged. Steve reached up under her sweater with one hand and pulled her bra down to play with her nipples. He then flicked her clit repeatedly with his tongue and slid a finger into her wet hole. She moaned and started pushing her hips toward him. He stopped tempting her pussy with his finger and held her by the hips. He then slid his tongue in place of his finger, sticking it in her hot pussy as far as he could. Kim's hips jerked up and he held on, forcing her ass back onto the bed. She could feel an orgasm building inside her. Steve's tongue slid out and started playing with her clit..

"Oh fuck I'm cummming. Yessss don't stop." she screamed, grinding her clit on his tongue and arching her back. She tossed her head side to side as she came. After the orgasm had ended Steve sat up at her feet savoring the sweet taste of her cum. Kim sat up gasping and reached for his pants undoing them looking into his eye's. She pulled them down revealing his underwear. His cock was pressing on them, pushing to get out. Kim had only had sex with one other guy, her ex boyfriend Mark who she had broken up with three months earlier. The bulge in Steve's underwear was much bigger than Mark's. Her head raced as she stared at it then looked up at Steve.

"Go ahead, take them off." he said softly. She started tugging slowly and slid them down. Steve's cock sprang out in front of her face. Kim didn't think a cock this size was possible. It was huge. If she had measured it Kim would have found out it's exact length was 10 inches and 3 inches around. Her jaw dropped at the sight, a look Steve was used to. "Oh." she whimpered and wrapped her hand around it, planting little kisses on the big head. Steve stroked her hair and pulled her head closer. She hesitantly wrapped her lips around the head, rolling her tongue around it. Steve pushed a little more into her mouth. Kim moaned and began stroking the shaft with both hands. She worked more of the huge pole into her mouth until she had about half of it crammed down her throat.

She couldn't believe it was still getting harder. Her tongue worked along the underside causing it to jump in her mouth. As she sucked Steve slid her sweater up over her tits. She stopped long enough for him to pull it over her head then slid it back into her mouth. Steve unhooked her bra and slid the straps down her arms and tossed it on to the floor. "Suck me off babe." Steve commanded. Kim looked up, unsure if she wanted to. She wanted to be fucked by his huge rod but she wanted to please him more than anything. She did as he wanted though, increasing her sucking speed, moving her head up and down slightly. Before long he shot a huge load of hot cum into her mouth. She was surprised by how much there was. She swallowed most of it but some she gagged on and it ran down her chin and neck.

Steve pulled his cock from her mouth to let her catch her breath, her chest heaved as she gasped for air. She looked at his cock to see that it was still hard. "Oh Steve, your incredible, I want you to fuck me with that big beautiful cock." She pulled him toward her and they both fell on to the bed. He stretched her arms up over her head and started sucking her firm tit's. She spread her leg's and wrapped them around his waist.

"Have you ever been fucked before." Steve whispered into her ear.

"Yes, with my ex boyfriend." she whispered in reply.

"Was he good to you? Did he make you cum?"

She hesitated, not wanting to answer. "Sometimes." she said at length.

"Poor girl, you deserve to be with a real man." he said. Steve began teasing her by rubbing the head of his cock on the outside of her pussy and pressing it on her swollen clit. She squirmed with the anticipation of being fucked. Steve pushed his cock gently against her tight opening causing her to push back but he wouldn't put it in, he wanted to tease her a little. She squirmed and growled with a mixture of pleasure and frustration.

"Please fuck me, if I don't feel your cock inside me I'll go insane." she whimpered. Kim couldn't believe what she was saying, she wondered what she must look like, lying on the bed of a man she had just met with his cum all over her face, her pussy screaming to be fucked. Then she felt the walls of her cunt start to spread as Steve slid the head of his huge tool into her. She gasped and grabbed his shoulders with her hands. She felt him penetrate further and a small orgasm shot through her. She couldn't believe how big he felt. His cock was ripping her vagina open more than it had ever been spread before. He only had half of his monster cock inside her and she felt like she was going to cum. He pulled out and in for a few thrusts not using the full length of his cock.

"Oh fuck, shit I'm cumming again." Kim grabbed the sheets of the bed tightly as another orgasm shook her. It was never like this with Mark, she thought as the orgasm subsided. Steve then thrust all ten inches into her. She had never felt anything like it. A brief moment of pain quickly turning into ecstasy. Kim wanted to fuck this huge poll forever. Steve was pounding her pussy like a jackhammer. Kim wrapped her arms around him, holding him as tight as she could, his hard muscles flexing against her body. She met his every thrust with a thrust of her own hips, her pussy hungry for more.

"Ohhhhhh, I'm gonna cum again." Kim screamed with excitement. She gasped and screamed as the biggest orgasm she ever had exploded in her. Steve kept fucking her as the orgasm assaulted her senses. Just as Kim thought it was ending she was cumming again. One orgasm after another overwhelmed her. She wrapped her legs around his waist, lifted her hips off the bed and continued to cum all over Steve's magnificent instrument.

"How do I compare with your ex?" Steve asked when she had finally finished. "He was nothing compared to you, he had a little prick, your a real man. I want you to fill me with your hot cum." Kim pleaded with him. Steve started fucking her again, she held on to his ass, pulling him into her. They were both dripping with sweat, her tit's bouncing around with the force of Steve's fucking. He through his head back and shot a huge load of cum into her. Kim trembled as his cock convulsed in her pussy. She felt his cum filling her and some of it was dripping back out onto the bed. He collapsed on her and she held him, kissing his neck and lips. She couldn't believe how good it had been with him. Kim eventually fell asleep in his arms, with his cock still inside her. Steve held her considering what had happened. It seemed like life here wasn't going to be much different from the last apartment building he lived in. The only question was, who would visit him next?