 This is a true story that happened last week. First off let me describe my girlfriend and I. She is 20 years 5'10" and 150 lbs. with dirty blonde hair, she has a firm pair of 38 Ds (all natural) a perfect ass and tight pussy. I could go on with how hot she is but then there wouldn't be enough room for the story. I'm 21 years 6'2" and 214 lbs with brown hair and an athletic body.

Ever since we met we have always gotten along and over the past 5 years we have had an incredible time together and an even more incredible sex life. Here recently with us both going to school full time and our two jobs, we haven't had much time to do hardly anything together. With all the things she had to be doing she never gets any time to rest or relax, so I decided I would set up an evening just for her. My plan was to rent a hotel room near where we live so we could have time to ourselves without roommates or anybody interrupting. A little while ago she told me that she kind of had a fantasy of tying my hands up and blindfolding me and do whatever she wanted to me. This sounded good to me so in the weeks leading up to her night I bought a pair of soft handcuffs(just in case I got to do the same to her), a blindfold and one of those soft feathers. Next I bought scented candles and oils for the full body massage that I had always promised her but we never had time to accomplish. 

The days before her night I had told her to make sure that she make any plans for that night because I had a surprise for her. Naturally she immediately wanted to know what it is because surprises kill her, but I refused to spoil it. The day of I went to the hotel and rented the room. I took the key and found the room and started to put everything where they would be needed. The handcuffs, blindfold, feather, oil, condoms etc. i put in the nightstand beside the bed. I placed the candles all around the room, took the battery out of the smoke detector and lit a couple to get rid of that hotel room smell. I also had put some bath oils and bubble bath in the bathroom for after her massage.

I blew out the candles and went back to my house to get ready. I called her and told her to be ready at around 6. It was now 2:30. I took a shower, shaved, and dressed in what she calls my sexiest clothes. When it was time to pick her up, I left and bought her some roses and went to her house. When she walked out she was stunning just like always. She was wearing her sexiest pants that were made out of that stretch material and a blouse that clung tightly to he breasts. I couldn't keep my hands off of her ass as we walked to my truck.

After we left her house she again asked me where we were going to and why we left so early to go out. All I said was "you'll see." When we pulled into the parking lot of the hotel her jaw about hit the floor. She said "What are we doing here?!" I told her that this was the first part of her surprise. We went to the room and she sat on the bed as I began lighting the candles. I sat down beside her and gave her a deep passionate kiss and told her that this was her night and for her to just relax and enjoy. I kissed her again and took of her blouse. Her breasts were straining against her bra and I dropped my head to kiss them. I got in the floor and started taking off her boots and then her pants. I took a step back and took in the beautiful view of my girlfriend in her bra and what I now saw were matching thongs. I got on my knees and started kiss her again but moving to her neck and shoulders giving her light kisses as I took her bra off releasing her perfectly shaped breasts. I avoided touch her nipples but kissed all around her breasts and then slid her thongs off down her shapely ass, thighs and calves. She started taking my clothes off but had her stop at my boxer briefs just so we didn't jump into the sex. That was to be later.

Now was the time for her massage. I told her to lay on her stomach on the bed and I opened the drawer to get the oil. I started at her shoulders then to her midback then one arm and then the other and continued down and then back up never touching her butt. Then I turned her over to massage the front. I repeated the same process but I never touched her breasts or her pussy. Believe me it was very hard to restrain myself but I didn't want her to tense up from the sexual stimulation. After I was finished she just laid there looking at me angelically and thank me for the massage. I grabbed a towel and started wiping the oil off while I ran the bath water. I put the bath oils and bubble bath in to the hot water and had her come in to the bath room. I took off my boxer briefs and stepped into the bath and then helped her in. She said she was a little cold and I told her the water would warm her up. 

We lowered ourselves into the tub with her sitting in front of me and my back against the tub. I wish that hotel tubs were bigger. We fit but it was almost too small. I took the sponge and lathered it up. I had her lean forward so I could wash her back. Then I washed the rest of her beautiful body still not touching her sexual points. We laid in the tub for a little while longer enjoying the relaxation of the hot soothing water and cuddling. We really didn't say much except how much we loved each other and what we meant to each other.

When the water started getting cold we rinsed off and got out of the tub. I dried her off and wrapped her towel around her and then dried myself off. Luckily I had remembered to turn the AC down earlier in the day. We went back and laid down on the bed and I continued to caress her arms and her hair telling her how much I loved her and that I hoped she was liking her surprise. She said she definitely was and gave me a long deep kiss. When we broke I asked her what she wanted to do next whether stay there or get something to eat or something. She had this shocked look on her face and said "What kind of dumb ass question is that?" I told her that I figured she wanted to stay there but I was asking because it was her night and she got to choose what to do. She immediately replied "I want to fuck you baby." We went back to kissing and I started moving back down her body and kissing her skin as I took her towel off. 

This time I did kiss her breasts. I spent time on each one and when I took her nipple in my mouth she just about jumped out of the bed from the extreme sensation from where she was so horny. I worked my way down and kiss her thighs downs to her toes and on the way back up I stopped at her sweet pussy. I kissed all around her shaven lips and finally separated them and gave her a kiss right on he exposed pussy. Her legs clamped down on my head from the sensation she was feeling. I began to lick and kiss deeply but not like a madman, very slowly. Normally she doesn't like me to go down on her until after we've fucked but she didn't care tonight. I kept on licking and sucking going back and forth between her pussy and her clit. Every so often I would stick a finger or two in driving her even more crazy. I continued on until right before her orgasm started then I stopped. I worked my way back up to her mouth and continued kissing her lovingly.

She then pretty much pushed me on to my back and got on top of me. She began working her way down and about half way she noticed the handcuffs and blindfold. Her eyes lit up like a Christmas tree. She had them out and on me faster then I could comprehend. I was a little upset because I couldn't see but it was her night and I soon found out how much it adds to it when you can't see. She continued down and started teasing me. She kissed all around my chest and stomach and then above my dick driving me crazier with each kiss. Just as she got to my dick she stopped. I knew she was still there but I couldn't see where exactly. The next thing I know I feel her take me into her mouth. I almost lost it right there. She quit just as quick as she started. She did this two more times causing me to almost cum each time. I felt her hands on my hips and her tongue starting to lick the sides and underneath of my dick. 

She knows this drives me extremely crazy but it was even worst because I couldn't see each. Then again without warning she was back to giving me head and I could feel her breasts on my thighs every time she came down. I swear she is an artist at blowjobs. She can get half of my dick in her mouth and she says I'm about 9 ½ in even though I don't believe her. She went on for about another 10 minutes how I was holding on I have no clue and then she stopped. I felt her moving on the bed and then I felt her hand grab my dick and then I felt one of the best feelings in the world, she stuck my dick in her tight pussy and came all the way down on it. She moaned as I bottomed out and sat there for a minute. Then she started rocking back and forth making me go in and out. She picked up her pace and began riding me hard. I thought I was going to have a heart attack. Here is this beautiful girl riding me and I can't see or touch her. It didn't take long before her first orgasm hit her. It was a hard one but she kept riding through it. She had 3 more screaming orgasms before she stopped and fell off of me laying beside me. Somehow I managed to keep from cumming through all that. She laid there for a minute catching her breath before she freed me and I could see her again. I took her in my arms and kissed her. She looked into my eyes with lust and said "now it's your turn".

I didn't have to be told twice. I asked if I could handcuff and blindfold her and she said yes. I spread her shapely legs and put the tip of my dick against her pussy. She took a breath and I waited a second to push in so she wouldn't expect it. I pushed in all the way to the base causing her to let out a long low moan. I started out slow and then picked up the pace. She began almost screaming for me to "fuck the shit out of her pussy" which encouraged me on I kept fucking her in different positions that we could get into until I was about to cum. We went back to the missionary position and I began fucking her so hard he breasts were just about to hit her in the face. She screamed for me to cum and I asked her where she wanted my cum and she said all over her but she wanted to see it. I took the blindfold off and looked into her eyes as I felt my balls tighten and my dick tense up. I pulled out and started cumming all over her body. It was landing on her stomach, her tits, her face, everywhere. Some even went all the way to the headboard. I finally stopped cumming and she was a mess. I laid down on top of her not caring about getting cum on me and I took her hands out of the handcuffs. We kissed for awhile before we got up and took a long shower together. We made love several more times that night everyplace in that room and every position you can think of. She thanked for what I did for her and said it was just what she needed. I told her it was no problem at all and told her I enjoyed just as much. We eventually fell asleep and woke in the morning in each other's arms. We cleaned up got dressed and got our things and left. We laughed about what the maid was going to think when she saw dried cum all over the room. Hopefully we'll get to have another night like that.