 It was Friday night and the club I worked in was very busy. I work there on weekends as a bouncer. Not much goes on there but it pays well and watching the women on the dance floor was a bonus I always enjoy. Being near campus made it a prime spot for the students to blow off steam. 

Anyway, it was Friday night and I had managed not to pull door duty, which I hate because all the action is on the dance floor. I stood by the floor and watched, keeping my eyes open for inappropriate behavior. That's when my eyes fell on a gorgeous redhead. She was dancing with what I assumed was a group of her friends. She had shoulder length hair and beautiful green eyes. She had small breasts and a very curvy set of hips. She was wearing a very short skirt, which showed off a wonderful set of legs, muscular yet feminine. 

I watched her for hours and she never seemed to get tired and since nothing was happening I kept myself entertained. I watched as guy after guy approached her and I assumed asked her to dance and was summarily dismissed. With a skirt like she was wearing and looks like that I figured guys were what brought her here. Evidently I was wrong, which intrigued me to no end. 

She stayed until closing and left as I closed the doors. That's when I made eye contact and her smile made my stomach tickle. That feeling made me feel like the biggest loser. I'm a fairly good-looking guy and am in very good shape so a smile from a lady wasn't uncommon. This smile was different, warm, sweet and innocent. The kind of smile that would make your mind blur and cause you to think with something other than your head. 

Just a few minutes later I was out the door and on the way to my truck. That's when I heard a heated argument. I jogged around the corner of the building and there she was, arguing very excitedly with one of the guys she had turned down earlier. He called her a tease and a bitch, not very nice. Then he hit her with the back of his hand. In two long strides I grabbed him and twirled him around. He immediately swung at me. I easily step out of the way and knocked him out cold with one solid shot to the jaw. As he fell I turned to the gorgeous redhead.

"Are you alright, miss?"

"I think so," she said.

"That looks pretty nasty," I said as I looked at her cheek.

"I'm okay," she told me, "thank you."

"No problem, let me call the police real quick and I'll stay out here with ya until they get here." 

"You don't have to call them, I'd rather just forget this all happened." She said meekly. "Well at least let me drive you home."

"I appreciate the offer, but my car is over here." She motioned over to a little red Miata.

"Well have a great rest of the night miss." And I turned to walk away.

"Tisha..."

"What?" I asked.

She smiled and said, "My name...it's Tisha." 

I returned her smile, "I'm Jay...wish we had met under different circumstances."

As I walked to my truck I heard the little whine of her Miata drive away. I thought about her the rest of the night, to the point of only getting 3 hours sleep. It has always amazed me that women can have such a strong effect on guys. At least it amazed me until this redhead happened to me. 

When I got to work on Saturday night Tisha was already there and dancing. I had to trade so I could get floor duty, but I got it and spent the night watching her. She knew it too, because she made eye contact on and off all night. I was completely entranced. A huge fight could of broke out right in front of me and I would've never noticed. Needless to say my hormones were raging before the night was over. 

About ten minutes until I usually locked the doors, she approached me. She had a little grin on her face and her green eyes were twinkling. Immediately I suspected something was up. She had a slight bruise from the blow the night before, but even that didn't detract from her beauty.

"Hi jay," she said.

"Well hello."

"Are you doing anything after you leave?" Tisha asked.

"Probably not."

"Well in that case I'd like for you to go have a cup of coffee with me or something," her eyes twinkled, "to pay you back for saving me last night."

"You don't have to pay me back," I said, "but I would love to."

"Then I'll meet you at your truck."

As she walked out the door I couldn't help but stare at that flawless ass. Since she was twisting it a bit more I figured that she knew I was watching. I shook my head and locked the door. A few moments later I was walking to my truck and there she was leaning against it. I couldn't help but admire all of her. 

As we drove we chatted a little about nothing and she guided me through the streets until we pulled up to an apartment building with her Miata setting in front of it. Since I didn't see a coffee shop around I knew something was up. Of course I didn't mind. Being anywhere with this red headed goddess was fine with me.

"You know this doesn't look much like a coffee shop," I said with a twinkle.

"I didn't say anything about a coffee shop," she offered innocently, "just coffee."

"Well I believe you got me there," I said in the middle of a laugh.

"Follow me."

"No problem there."

We went up a flight of stairs and up to a door, which Tisha unlocked. As I followed her in I made a once over of the room. Very nicely furnished but small, very much the perfect apartment for a college student. She told me to make myself comfortable and she would make some coffee. I sat down and waited patiently. Soon the smell of coffee filled the apartment. Then she appeared with two cups of coffee and offered me one.

"Thanks."

"It's the least I could do," she said with a warm smile.

She sat down right next to me and we talked for a couple of hours. I found out she was a second year student at the local university. She was majoring in business management. I even found that attractive. This woman was amazing, intelligent and funny but above all flirty. She excused herself and changed into shorts and a short shirt. She came back and plopped on the couch facing me sitting Indian style. Every time she moved or twisted her short rode up a little higher. This was getting to me quickly and my jeans where getting really uncomfortable. Then all of a sudden she leaned forward and motioned for me to come to her. 

"It looks like you are enjoying my shorts," she whispered in my ear.

"Umm...yeah...actually I am very much," which was about all I could say.

"Why haven't you kissed me yet?" she asked still whispering.

I didn't need to be asked twice. I tilted my head and kissed her softly on the lips. As I started to pull away she started to crawl down the couch and never let my lips leave hers. When I could no longer move back she pushed her body up against mine and deepened the kiss. My mind was gone then, all I could think about was the soft velvety feeling of her mouth and the small swell of her breasts against my chest. 

She broke the kiss all of a sudden and looked me straight in the eyes, grabbed my hand and gently placed it on her breast. When I began to massage and knead it her eyes closed and she started breathing a little faster. I moved my lips to her neck and kissed it softly, which brought a moan from her. I could feel her stiff nipples against my palm. I moved my hand down and slipped it up her shirt and onto her bare breast. They were relatively small but soft and the contact made my jeans even less comfortable.

"You have quite a problem there," she whispered as I kissed her neck.

She then moved her hand to softly caress my now very hard cock. Now it was my turn to make noise. I groaned slightly. She rubbed up and down the length gently a few times and then moved her hand to push my shirt up and then she kissed my chest. As she kissed I pulled her shirt up and she raised her arms so I could pull it off. Tisha looked so heavenly sitting there topless. I couldn't help but look for a few moments. The next thing I knew I was leaning forward and kissing her tits. Gently I took one and then the other into my mouth. She moaned again and began to pull me with her as she leaned back on the couch. 

"Jay, that feels so good."

My hand slid up her leg and rubbed her through her thin shorts. She pushed her hips against my hand and moaned. It felt like she was on fire underneath those shorts. I kept rubbing and she started rocking her hips. All of a sudden I felt like my life depended on having what was in those shorts, so I grabbed the waist of her shorts and started to pull them down. She raised her butt slightly so I could pull them off. When I had them off and looked up I saw the most perfect pussy I had ever seen, copper colored hair and puffy little lips. The sight put my already screaming hormones into overdrive. I couldn't help but lean down and kiss her already wet lips. She jumped and whimpered as I began running the tip of my tongue up between her lips and gently brushed her clit. She tasted so good, so I buried my tongue in her all of a sudden. Tisha moaned loudly and pushed her soaked pussy into my face which gave me access even deeper into her crevice. Suddenly she pushed me away from her and quickly unbuttoned my jeans and jerked them so I had to raise my hips to let her pull them all the way off. The look on her face would have been funny if I wasn't so turned on, it was almost awe. I'm only a little over 7 inches, but my dick is at least 3 and1/2 inches wide. Tisha lightly brushed her fingers down the length of my shaft and then gently wrapped her hand around it. 

"You look like you've never seen one of those before."

"It's so wide...I've never seen one nearly that wide."

Tisha started to glide her hand up my cock and then back down, staring the whole time mesmerized. She started leaning forward and kissed the tip, then started circling it with her tongue. It was my turn to groan, she was teasing me so bad it almost hurt. Without warning she took as much of my cock into her mouth as she could and I thought I was gonna cum right then, but she backed off like she sensed it. The red headed beauty looked up and smiled at me before she took my dick back into her mouth and began sucking and moving her mouth up and down the length of my rock hard erection. It only took a few minutes of her warm velvety mouth to make the semen boil in my balls. 

"Tisha...I'm...gonna...cum...really...soon."

All this did was cause her to start sucking faster and move her hand up and down my shaft. The cum immediately began rushing up my cock and all of a sudden started squirting my load into her waiting mouth. Tisha swallowed all of it and milked out anything she thought might still be there. She grinned at me like a wolf and slid up the couch toward me pushing me on my back. Watching her straddle my waist was wonderful. When her soaking wet lips touched my dick it almost immediately began to get hard again and after a few minutes of her rubbing her pussy against my cock it was back to life. Tisha raised up and looked at me as she took her hand and guided me to her entrance.

"I bet that's what you want isn't it jay?"

"Yes...I want to feel you...I want to be inside you."

She let the head slip in just a bit and closed her eyes. I thrust my hips up a little to push some more of my length into her and received a whimper for my efforts. She could only manage to get a little in at a time because of my width, which made to going agonizing. Suddenly Tisha pushed down as hard as she could and took all of me inside of her. She waited for a second to get used to the size and pant a little. I felt her start to squeeze her vaginal muscles and milk my cock. It felt amazing her pussy gripping and releasing me. Tisha began to slide up my cock and slowly back down. We continued at this slow pace for what seemed like an hour both of us enjoying the phenomenal feeling. Then all of a sudden she raised up and I slipped out of her.

"Come on big guy..." she said as laid back on the couch.

I crawled up over her and smiled down at those lust filled green eyes. Then it hit me, I was in control. I inched the head of my cock to her pussy and just touched it lightly. She moaned and looked at me pouting slightly. About an inch in I stopped again. Tisha then mouthed the word "please". That did it for me and I plunged in all the way drawing a yelp from her. She grabbed two handfuls of my ass and squeezed, I started thrusting deep. Tisha pulled me to her on every down stroke. I increased the pace to a thundering pace, the sound of my hips hitting her ass echoed off of the walls. All of a sudden I felt Tisha's nails dig into my ass and she screamed well into an incredible orgasm. I lost it there and started fucking her for all I was worth and before she came down from that intense orgasm I started unloading what felt like the biggest load of cum ever into her velvety insides. 

After about ten minutes of panting and catching our breaths she opened her eyes and smiled at me. I will always remember that satisfied look in her eyes. The only thing I remember thinking was that I wanted to take care of her the rest of my life. We fell asleep a few minutes later and when I woke she was playing with my hair and grinning.

"I hope this won't be the last I see of you Jay."

"I was thinking before I fell asleep that maybe we could make this a regular thing...well except for the saving you from anyone but me part..." I chuckled as I spoke.

"I'm serious..."

"Tisha, I'll be your protector forever If you want."