 I whispered in her ear, "I'm going to kiss you like you've never been kissed before." She only sighed, knowing full well that I was very likely to live up to that claim, given my great enthusiasm for that particular activity. This was to be no generous act on my part. This was to satisfy a most primal of urges.

She closed her eyes. I looked at her. We were lying on the bed, naked, she on her back, me on my side. My erect cock lay long and hard on her thigh. A large drop of precum slipped from the head, ran around her thigh and slipped between her legs, leaving a slippery liquid trail behind. Her hair was soft against the pillow. Her eyes were beautiful but closed at that moment. Her wonderful breasts moved up and down with her heavy breathing in great anticipation of the attention that she was about to receive.

My hand cupped her firm breast, causing her to emit a tiny gasp. My finger circled the soft nipple. It immediately to begin to shrink, redden and harden. I leaned down and without warning, circled my wetted tongue just once around the other nipple. Instantly, it matched the state of the first. Opening my mouth, I took her nipple in. My tongue swirled around and around the swelling bud. She moaned without words. Her head swayed from side to side. Her breathing became erratic and her eyes remained closed. Her legs began to open and close just a bit. With my mouth open and my tongue circling her hard nipple, I looked up at her face. She opened her eyes and looked back at me. 

"That feels so good", she said. "I like looking at you sucking on my breasts. Mmmmm." She closed her eyes for just a moment. "I'm getting so turned on. I getting so wet!" she added.

I stopped briefly, whispered to her to "prove it" and then resumed my suckling. She smiled, knowing full well what I wanted and did not hesitate to do as requested. I felt her body shift. A moment later, my nose was treated to the exquisite scent that knows no equal. A second later, my licking tongue tasted the warm nectar for which I continually crave with the intensity of an addict. It was of course the deliciousness of her sexual wetness, retrieved by her hand and presented to me for my enjoyment. She slid her wet finger equally about her nipple and my tongue. The unparalleled slipperiness made my licking even more stimulating for her. Now I was the one moaning in ecstasy. There is no smell, taste, and sensation that can compare to that of a woman's sexual wetness!

My hand slid from her breast and down to her legs. They parted as I went between them. Over her soft mons I moved, savoring the feeling of her gentle pubic hair, inching closer to the source of her passion, recently made bare, and now truly warm and very wet. Without penetration I recovered plenty of her juices on my fingers and brought them up to her breast. I lightly tugged and pinched the nipple between with my slickened index and thumb. I repeated my journey but this time only swirled the liquid around her nipple. We both looked at the glistening nipple seemingly dance with excitement. For a third and last time I wetted my fingers. This time they went straight to my lover's mouth. I slid the majestic fluid across her lips, coating them with a sensual film. I can think of nothing more erotic that looking at my lover's mouth as I slide the clear thin juices from her pussy about her lips. She did not lick her lips or my fingers. I move up to her and kissed her. My tongue licked her wetness. She kissed and sucked on my tongue. We enjoyed her taste and scent together.

When we were finished savoring her wetness, she looked deep into my eyes and whispered, "Lick me. Taste me, please. Lick my wet pussy and make me come. Put your tongue into me, please!" 

I smiled and knew it was now time. It was now time to do exactly that. I left her for a moment. She parted her legs to make room for me between them. I watched as she swung her leg up and around my body. The pink and swollen lips of her pussy reluctantly broke their slickened seal. Her inner tissues made a squishing sound that signaled the abundance of wetness being generated inside. I laid down between her legs. My nose filled with the delightful scent of this aroused woman. There could be no sweeter flower. I kissed her wet inner thigh. I faintly licked the sensitive crease of her leg. She moaned as my tongue tickled her.

"I want you", she encouraged. "I REALLY want to lick my pussy!" I cannot possibly describe how she said the word "really". That sense of desperation could never be expressed in written words.

She wanted to visually encourage me as well. She placed her hands between her legs and opened her lips for me. Her delicious pink opening was wonderfully exposed. It glistened with wetness. She internally clenched down several times. 

As she spoke, "My pussy is so wet," I saw the justification for that statement. Drop after drop of her juices formed and slipped from her pussy. A virtual rivulet of wetness was escaping her lovely body. I extended my tongue and placed it below her pussy, damming the flowing wetness. She released her hands. I licked up with my flattened tongue and did not slid into her as I went past her opening. Over the hood of her clitoris I went, sensing the hard bud hidden beneath. I went back and sucked one of her pussy lips into my mouth. With extreme gentleness I nibbled at the sweet tasting guardian to her vagina. Releasing it, I slid my tongue along both sides of the delicious flesh. I repeated the act on the other side. 

Her hands returned and opened herself once again for me. My tongue moved in and slipped deep and hard into the delicate folds of her pussy. My nosed rested firmly against her clitoris. My mouth was completely covered in her juices. Slowly at first, my tongue swirled through the wetness. I tickled every bump and fold of the dripping tunnel in praise of the wonderful sensations that they gave to my cock during previous visits. I withdrew and circled her clit with my dripping tongue. I slid my upper lip up and down over her clitoris, making sure that my tongue constantly retrieved and deposited her lubrication right were they were needed. Faster and faster I went, alternating between deep excursions into her pussy with my tongue, to the delicate licking of her clit, to the rapid side-to-side caressing of her lips.

She was reaching new heights of ecstasy. Her head was thrashing from side to side. Her chest heaved in desperate attempts to capture air. Her leg muscles snapped tight and then relaxed as I played with her. She spoke in both imperceptible whispers and loud screams. "Oh God. OH GOD! yes...YES. Oh yes! Eat my pussy! Suck on it. Yes, yes. Lick me. It feels so good! I'm going to come. I'm going to come on your face. I want to COME! MAKE ME COME, PLEASE!"

That is indeed what I wanted her to do. My enjoyment of licking and tasting the wet essence of a woman is boundless. There is no way to describe I how perfectly wonderful I felt at that exact moment. My face was being literally covered in her juices. My nostrils were filled with her scent and my lips and tongue were bathed in the slippery and sensual texture of her wetness. Her climax was exactly what I wanted.

With her words loudly ringing in my ears, I increased my attentions. I was everywhere and nowhere. I was firm and gentle. I was fast and slow. I was deep inside and out and imperceptible. She took my hands and gripped them with unusual strength. Her head pressed hard back into the pillow. Her stomach muscles tightened. Her legs went completely rigid. She took in a huge breath of air. I knew what this meant. This was her orgasm beginning to take hold of her body, piece by piece, muscle by muscle. It was upon her and there was nothing more that I needed to do. I had brought her to the edge of the abyss and had thrown her over. She plummeted at great speed from that great height. She twitched and quivered all the way down. At that moment, my tongue was flicking wildly at her clitoris but it would not matter any longer. My licking and sucking was pointless now. I moved down slightly and extended my tongue as deep into her pussy as was humanly possible. At best, I was now along for the ride. 

What a ride it was! My tongue was blessed with the countless spasms of her internal muscles. They tugged and pulled at my tongue just like they did when my cock was in its place. Just before the end, just before she was to be smashed into post-climactic rubble at the bottom of the cliff, came the orgasmic flood. In delightful spurts, her richly sweet cum sputtered around my tongue. It coated my lips and slipped down my chin. Delicious aromatic slippery cum bathed my mouth and face. This was my reward for only if I had done this well, could her juices be so gloriously abundant. The feeling, scent and taste were beyond description. I was truly in heaven.

I did not move until she did not move. Only until she was motionless did I know that her orgasm had completely left her. Only then did I slide my tongue from her pussy. Only then did I gently place a faint kiss just below her very sensitive clitoris. Only then did her body relax and begin to breathe again.