 Come in and undress me. I see your clothes on the floor and toss them in the hamper with mine. I hold your panty and smile. Gingerly scent the small bit of fabric that covers your pussy. Ohhhhhh, that is heavenly. Scent again and feel me start to grow hard just from the smell of you. Breathe you in once more and set your panties in the basket and slip into bed.

Snuggle up close, my stiffening cock resting on your left inner thigh, your back pressed against me. I slide my hand onto your right thigh and caress you a bit, enjoying the smoothness of your firm sexy legs. I gently caress your leg, moving up over your hips and across your belly. 

My fingers gliding over your gorgeous body. I feel me growing harder and suddenly want you desperately.

I move my hand onto your breast and very gently squeeze you as my lips find your neck and I place little kisses all up and down from your neck to your shoulder and back again. I scent your hair and smile at how very delicious your entire body smells to me. My hand cups and holds your boob, my thumb brushing over your nipple.

I hear your breathing change and realize you are waking up a little. I kiss your neck more, moving to your ear. I suck the earlobe into my mouth and whisper almost silently "I Love you Baby" then I lick and kiss your neck and shoulder more as you moan slightly. 

My thumb moving over your nipple is causing it to grow hard now. With my left hand, I run my fingers through your hair and just enjoy the scent and feel of your body. Kissing you lightly, nipping at your skin, squeezing your breast. I kiss your cheek and feel you are smiling a bit so I pinch your nipple with care. Just enough to wake you and excite you a bit more.

Kissing sucking and nibbling on your neck, you are moaning more and more. The slightest sound coming from you telling me it is okay to continue. I slip my hand down on your belly and dance my fingertips all over your skin, exciting little nerves through your body as my hand moves lower. As I slide down between your legs, you lift your right leg to give me room to touch you where you know I want to. 

As you open your legs more, my now fully erect cock slips up and the head rests against your lips. I caress your skin all around your sweet pussy, touching you so very close but not quite.

I feel you moving your hips slightly, causing the head to push against your lips more firmly. I drag the tip of two fingers up the outside of your lips, one on each side. Surreptitiously opening you a bit as I massage the skin around you. 

I am still kissing and nibbling your neck as you lay next to me, enjoying my hands on your glorious body. As I move my fingers up and down, opening you a tiny bit more, I am feeling your wetness touching my cock. You feel it too and rock against me, sliding your slippery pussy up and down the length of my cock.

I draw little circles around your button, almost touching it, making you crazy with desire now. You move harder against me, trying to capture me with your hungry pussy. The angle is off just enough that the head merely slides in your juices, pressing against your opening but failing to enter you. 

You move more and the head glides over your clit and you jump, pressing back harder against my chest.

I smile and whisper to you that I want you, that I need you and I want your cumming all for me. You whisper back that it is all mine and I can have you because you belong to me. With that, I move my hand over my dick and press against you, pushing the head between your impossibly tight muscles. We gasp as I finally enter you. You move back and forth taking me in, inch by inch until I am buried in you. 

You open your legs wider, taking my hand in yours. You guide my fingers to your little sexy button and begin to rub yourself with my hand. I let you have all control as I hold my cock in you, praying that the excitement and tightness of you doesn't cause me to explode too soon. 

I feel you tighten around my cock and you move my fingers over your sensitive clit faster and faster. Moving up and down, in a small circle, and pressing harder. You have me in you, not moving. 

You are rubbing faster and faster. Your breathing increasing rapidly... I feel you are about to cum. I am dizzy from the feeling of you and the sheer lust coursing through my mind as I realize you are using my cock and fingers to make your self come!

And suddenly, you raise yourself up, stroking your dripping pussy with my hand so damn fast and then you are right at the edge and you tell me to cum NOW! I am out of my mind and thrust in deeper and feel the pressure explode, my come flooding your hot pussy and your orgasm takes over and you go wild. 

Rocking and bucking against my cock and hand as your lose all control and just give in to your body as it sweeps you away. I am pumping hot cum into you again and again. Filling you as I thrust wildly, again, shooting hard as your body sucks me in and your orgasm takes over your entire being.

We both begin to come back to reality, sweating hard, chests heaving, my arms holding you tightly to me.

We lay together in the dark and silence for a few moments, listening to each other breathe, not wanting to separate. Finally I slip from you and your roll over to face me. We kiss passionately, licking our lips and tongues. I caress your cheek as lovingly as I can. We say I love you many times and smile a lot.

Ich liebe Dich so sehr meine liebling.

We hold each other, my hand caressing your back. Kiss more, smile and we drift off to sleep in each others arms.