 They have talked for awhile now off and on. They're both surprisingly taken with each other. He thinks about her all the time. She's dying to have him fill her fantasies. He needs to know what her body would feel like against his. She wants to feel the touch of his hands all over her. But, for now, she just knows him as her secret admirer. 

They met in a chat room one afternoon several months ago, and he told her that he had admired her from afar for a long time and hadn't gotten up the nerve to talk to her because he knew that she is happily married. She told him that he made her want to know more about him. But he simply told her that in time she will know who he is. Regardless of the fact that she didn't know his name or what he looked like, she decides she must meet this mystery man sooner rather than later and allow him to fulfill her every fantasy.

He sets up a meeting at a nice hotel upon her request. He tells her the room number he is in and demands she not be wearing panties when she arrives. She's told to just come up to the room and walk in, for the door will be unlocked. 

She gets to the hotel, goes up to the room, and knocks on the door. "Come in," he says, "but keep your eyes closed and don't open them until I tell you to." She makes her way into the room and does as he instructed. As she turns to close the door, he walks up behind her and puts a blind fold over her eyes for he doesn't want her to see him just yet. He then ties the blindfold and kisses her on the neck gently. He takes her by the hand and leads her over to the bed, sitting down beside her. He starts kissing her on the lips and neck as he unbuttons her shirt and slides it off her shoulders. 

Once her shirt is tossed to the floor, he unhooks her bra and removes it...all the while kissing her neck. He moves down to her bare breast, sucking her right nipple into his mouth while he plays with her left one...then switches and sucks the left nipple into his mouth and plays with her right one. 

"Who are you?" she whispers.

"Shhhhh," he says as he gently moves down her stomach, kissing it as he moves.

He spreads her legs and pushes up her skirt, only to find she's not wearing any panties. "Mmmm, good girl," he says, happy that she's obeyed. His fingers find her clit...he starts rubbing it in wide, rough circles, making her moan. He then moves his mouth down to her soaking wet pussy and starts flicking his tongue over her clit. His fingers push inside her wet pussy making it wetter as she moans and moves her hips to his movements. She runs her hands over his body trying to feel every inch of him wondering who he is and what he looks like.

After bringing her to orgasm, he moves up next to her and takes her hand, guiding it to his rock hard cock. She gladly starts to pump it up and down as she moves to her knees at his feet. Her lips wrap around his hard cock taking it inside her mouth, flicking the tip with her tongue as she takes it deep inside her mouth. She greedily takes it all the way down her throat and back out again. She then takes his balls inside her mouth, sucking on them as she strokes his hard cock. "Please don't stop, baby...I want to fill your mouth with my hot cum...I want you to swallow every last drop of it!"

She takes his cock back into her mouth and starts sucking and licking the tip again...going faster and deeper inside her hot, wet mouth. As she is sucking him, he is playing with her nipples, making her moan with each touch. She brings him to an orgasm that he will never forget. As he shoots his hot load inside her mouth, she swallows every last drop of cum.

She sits up slightly, still blindfolded, she says out loud, "I need to feel your hard cock inside my wet pussy. I beg you to fuck me like I've never been fucked before."

Without a word, he guides her up to the bed, lays her down, and climbs on top of her. She quickly wraps her legs around him as he slides his still rock hard cock inside her. He moves in and out of her, his sweat pouring over her already hot and sticky body. They kiss as he is moving deep inside her, making her moan and beg him to cum with her, to fill her wet pussy with his hot cum. After a few more strokes inside her, they both cum together, spent from the multiple orgasms they just had.

He rolls off her and takes her in his arms. Holding her, he whispers in her ear, "I still don't want you to take the blindfold off...I'm still not ready for you to know who I am just yet." He kisses her sweetly on the tip of her nose and says, "Maybe the next time we meet I'll let you see me." 

He then gets out of the bed and goes to the bathroom to wash up. She simply lays there, all tingly and blissful. Several minutes pass and he finally comes out of the bathroom. "Once you hear the door close," he begins, "you can take off the blindfold and look on the stand next to the bed. I left you a surprise. I know I'll see you again soon...and maybe I'll let you see me, too, beautiful. Talk to you in the chat room in a few hours. I love you, ya know...I have for some time."

Before she can sit up and protest his quick departure, the hotel room door slams shut. He is gone.

She removes the blindfold and looks towards the stand next to the bed. Sure enough, there is a single red rose and a note. She grabs the note and reads it aloud. "I love you. You are so very special to me. Miss me until we meet again. Love, Your Secret Admirer."

She smiles. Her heart pounds. She holds the rose and note to her chest. She takes a deep breath in, smelling the sweet rose along with her lover's musky scent. She realizes she already misses him and can't wait until she sees her mystery lover once again.