 Man, he hated being on the road. Living out of a motel room for a week at a time. Eating at diners, and wandering the town after dark without knowing where he was going. He was a professional in management and planning. His employer sent him out of town four times a years to conduct seminars. Yes he was a young hot shot in the business, 26 years old and pulling down real money. But he was a man of the people. Didn't like the white collar world or the elitists who populated it. But money talks and he had plans to retire by the age of 30. 

His name was Solomon and this night he was wondering around Seattle, when he saw a bar that didn't look too seedy. He liked to watch people, so in he went. He sat down at the bar, ordered a beer, and checked the place out slowly. There were a couple of working class guys, playing pool, and a mixture of older and younger couples. The jukebox was playing the same old mindless shit you hear in every bar. He couldn't help but notice a tall dark haired woman sitting around the corner of an L shaped bar. She was wearing a checked western shirt with peril buttons. He didn't believe in hitting on women. They had a right to have a drink in peace just like everybody else. As his eyes wondered around the bar, they kept coming back to her. He tried not to stare but he liked to watch people and she was the most interesting person there. He noticed she had a shot glass in front of her. She motioned to the bartender. 

"Max, another tequila." 

Solomon just lowered his head and looked down at the bar. 

"What's your problem, white boy?" she said. 

"Nothing" he replied, "and you don't know me well enough to call me 'white boy'. But I have a weakness for tequila and you are making me envious." 

"Buy one for yourself" she made the obvious reply.

"I don't drink alone as a habit." Let's see what happens now. 

"If you have enough cash for two, you can come over here and drink with me." 

" My credit is good" came the smart-assed answer.

"Max, make it 2." 

Drinks in hand, they clicked glasses and belted down the shots. There was the usual level of "getting to know you" talk. It was more like "sizing you up" talk though. She had penetrating eyes and they were trained on him. He told the story of the motel, and the management seminars. She drove a truck and threw her last old man out because he couldn't keep his dick in his pants. 

They finished their third shot when she said " I've gotta pee. Walk me to the potty so I don't get mugged." 

As they walk down the hallway to the john, she turned on him quickly and kissed him hard on the mouth. Just as quickly her hand went down to his crotch and grabbed him roughly. 

"Do you know how much bullshit a girl hears from guys like you? Now I want you to tell me the truth, the job, the motel, the ex-wife, is all of that true?" 

She squeezed his ball harder for emphasis. He had his hands on either side of her leaning on the wall like a police search and trying to keep his breathing regular. You can't show pain when being interrogated by a woman who has your balls in her hand. 

"All true, every word." he hissed, and she let him go. 

"Pay the tab and meet me outside." she practically ordered him, and he followed those instructions. 

A couple of minutes later she slid in the passenger's seat of his rented car, and said "Motel, now." 

Off he went. He didn't think that now was the time to try and continue the conversation. It was her play and she made it. Sliding closer to him she unzipped his pants, inserted her hand under the elastic of his shorts, and pulled out his cock. It was already stiffening from the prior engagement, but she had it fully erect in her hand and was slowly stoking it, just playing with up and down. She even flipped it once. 

Then she pulled him a little bit closer to her and lowered her head into his lap. Again she was just playing with him. Licking the head of his cock, rubbing the spit around with her thumb. She took the head into her mouth and sucked, making popping sound as she came off of it. Solomon smacked his head against the side window hard. 

"You like that." she said coyly. 

"I am not going to lose concentration." he said. "But when we get out of this car, I am going to get even with you." 

They finally got to the motel. He turned the car off as she stuffed his cock back in his pants. It was not like he wasn't going to look pretty funny walking up to the room with that budge in his pants. He carded the door, opened it and guided her inside. The lights were low as he took her head between his hands and looking her in the eye kissed her hard on the mouth. She was 2 inches taller than he and that added to his excitement. 

He had developed a trick while in college one touch and the bra was loose. He had the hands of a pickpocket, when it came to getting women undressed. He was behind her undoing those peril buttons, his hands running up under her shirt gently brushing the underside of her tits like it was accidental. He pulled the big gold buckle of her belt, and pulled down the zipper to her jeans spreading them open so his hands could slide down her belly and play with the elastic of her panties. His hands moved up and down her sides down to her hips, around to above her pussy where he held her firmly to him, his cock pressing against her tight ass. 

It had been years since he had made love to a woman who was taller than he was. It was such a turn on. His lips were working against the back of her neck. Her head was beginning to roll to the side to encourage his kisses, and her hips were pushing back against his cock. He had to move of keep control of the situation. He turned her slightly and lifted her off her feet holding her in his arms like a bride. Her arms went around his neck and her eyes were filled with hot passion as he dumped her on to the bed. 

They had both lost their shoes in the first passionate contact. Now he had her pant legs and was pulling them up and off. Her panties can down a little with the jeans showing just the top of her hair. She began rubbing herself as he took off his shirts, and dropped his pants. She sat up and got a hold on his bikini briefs and rolled them down. 

She was going to do him again, but he pushed her back down on the bed and quickly dropped to his knees, planting his face into her belly, kissing and licking right above her crotch, as his hand rubbed the cheeks of her ass bringing her hips closer to his face. He lowered his attention to the inside of her thighs and licked both sides before he went for the middle. He rubbed his nose against the fabric, breathing in her aroma. She hooked the elastic and pulled them down herself, grabbed the sides of his head and pulled his mouth on to her pussy, bucking her hips upward to give him full access to her hole. In his tongue went, deep as he could stick it, then out again and right to her clit. He repeated the action each time bobbing his head as he went in and up. She was full on fucking his tongue now and not being gentle about it. He thought she was going to break his nose if she didn't slow down, when she sat up and pushed him to the floor. 

She was on him like a cat. Swinging her ass around and planting it squarely on his face, her face directly over his cock, and she took it all in the first stroke. Again her superior height came in handy. She could easily ride his face and bob up and down on his cock at the same time. They were deep in sucking each other, but he had a head start and now with her on top, he when straight for her clit. He got it between his lips and began sucking it and tonguing it at same time. It caused her to work her head faster up and down on him. She wanted to wait for him but couldn't hold herself back, she sat back wiggling her ass down hard on him and let out the repeated moans of love. It is a sound that once you have heard the real thing you will never forget it. Like the whale's song, it was unique in nature. She had cum on him, and now was spent. 

She rolled over on the floor. "Do whatever you want to me. I can't resist you. Give me everything you've got." she said in a low husky voice. 

He knew he didn't have much left. "Get me your tits." he said, and she pushed her breasts together with her hands. 

"Do want my cum, you horny slut? Do you want to see my cock shoot cum all over you?" 

"Give it to me you fucking animal. See if you have enough to cover me in cum." 

She leaned into him, as he rubbed the head of his cock hard against her nipple, as he started to jack himself off. He rubbed his cock all around her tits. She lifted her head and licked the end of it each time it came close. 

"You've got me". he said. "I can't stop. Please don't, please don't make me cum." and he exploded, the first shot going over her on to the floor. The rest came out all over her chest. 

He kneeled for a moment coming down from the experience. Then he lowered his head and kissed her, her tongue touching his in a slow passionate dance. They were slowing down. He licked most of the cum from her chest delicately sucking each nipple. She was far too aroused to touch hard, her nerve endings were too exposed. He dried the rest of her with his shirt and helped her into bed. He crawled in behind her holding her gently around the waist, again taking in her aroma, his nose to the back of her neck. It was the way they woke up in the morning. She gave him one last "I mean business" look, but kissed him with a "glad to see you" kiss. The kiss of a lover.