 Kandy's life was finally beginning to unwind and things were a bit smoother. Her current friend and fuck buddy were just what the doctor ordered for her faltering ego and shattered heart. She loved the fact she could now have sex any way, she wanted.

Fred knew how to push all Kandy's buttons as well as eat her hot pussy. Kandy has dubbed him "PUSSYHOUND!"

Kandy had Fred over for dinner almost every Friday night. Many times their date ended with them in bed fucking like crazy. Tonight was no different, she had not seen him all week and her wet pussy was screaming, "Come and get it! "

And of course, Fred could not resist such a delectable offer. He kissed her lips passionately as he crawled in bed beside her. He told her to lay back and began removing her clothing a piece at a time then kissing her exposed flesh setting her skin ablaze with desire. He missed his sweet Kandy all week and tonight he was proving his love to her once more by driving his cock deep inside her wanting pussy.

Kandy rolled over in bed feeling as if she just ran a marathon and was almost too exhausted to speak. She looked over at Fred panting and muttered, "Oh my GOD! Is this round three or four?"

He just winked at her and said, "Hell, who is counting doll, we have all night for fucking! That is unless my baby is getting tired."

She pulled his face into hers and kissed him long and hard then exclaimed, "Does that kiss tell you I am ready to go to sleep? I think not, lay on your back big guy!"

Fred did as instructed and Kandy wrapped her warm lips around his cock. She did not care if the cock was hard or not, because she loved sucking cock! She licked it as if it was an all day sucker covering every inch with her tantalizing tongue! Then moved down and started tickling, sucking and rolling his balls. She continued until he begged her to stop.

Fred rolled his eyes, threw back his head, and bellowed, "Hot-damn woman you sure know how to suck cock. Fuck, I love what you do to my cock, I just wish it was hard as steel. You know I might just bottle your essence and sell it as a cure all for any male sexual problem."

She looked up at him, took all of his cock into her mouth, and moaned like a tigress on the prowl. She did not stop enticing his cock until he had deposited another load of cum in her mouth! 

When they were finished, Fred drew Kandy into his arms and uttered, "I love you and I think you love me too! I want to spend as much time as I can with you, if that is okay with you honey." 

Kandy just nodded her head yes, for she was lost in a daydream about their next encounter. She snuggled close to him and fell asleep.

Fred showed up Friday evening just in time to sample some of Kandy's home cooking. He loved the fact that she could cook, as all he could do was heat up TV dinners in the microwave. 

He walked up behind her and kissed the back of her neck. Then he nibbled her ear and whispered, "Can I have you for desert? I have a special treat for you tonight!"

Kandy turned around and kissed him then giggled, "I'm a treat now huh? I have been called allot of things, but never a treat. But then again, my name is Kandy and you have told me I am as sweet as candy."

He just winked and said, "Oh you sweet sexy thing, you are not the "treat".

She looked puzzled, but continued fixing dinner as he set the table. All throughout the meal, she tried her best to get him to tell her what the "treat" would be. 

All Fred would do was wink and smile saying, "Wait and see!"

After dinner, Fred helped her with the dishes. Then he kissed her check, patted her ass and told her to go change into something comfortable and sexy. Then he instructed her to wait in the bathroom until he called her out. 

She asked him why and all he could say was, "Because I said so, that is why."

She scurried off to the bathroom then donned his favorite short sheer purple nightie. It did not cover much, but it was his favorite color and she loved the twinkle in his eyes when he saw her in it. 

Kandy hollered across the hallway, "Can I come in the bedroom now? Oh, come on! Do not keep me waiting love. You know how horny I am!"

At first, she did not hear a reply and when she rattled the doorknob, he shouted, "Uh uh not yet! Give me two minutes. When I am ready, I will call you out."

Kandy walked over and sat on the commode pondering, "Now what is taking him this long? Oooooh maybe he is lighting candles and has a new present for me." However, she did not smell any fragrant candles so she ruled that idea out. 

"I got it," she muttered, "a new sexy outfit!" A million questions were running through her mind when she heard him yell for her to come into the bedroom.

Kandy entered the room and glanced around. She did not see anything different, except Fred had the top sheet pulled around him. Now that is odd, because he is always saying he is too hot for covers. 

Just as she was about to ask him what was going on Fred threw back the covers and exclaimed, "Surprise Doll! Here's your treat!"

Kandy could not believe her eyes; she rubbed then and blinked twice! There before her between Fred's legs was a hard delicious cock, eight inches long and at least two inches around. She for the first time in her life was at a loss for words.

Fred just smiled saying, "What's the matter Kandy? Cat got your tongue? Now, come over here and kiss my new hard toy! "

She jumped into bed, wrapped her fingers around his cock, and shouted, "Oh my God! It feels so damn good!" She examined the cock and wondered how in the hell did he got it that hard, after all he was impotent!

She kissed the head of his cock then looked into his eyes and said, "Okay what happen? Did you have a miracle happen or what?"

He replied, "You could sort of say that. I was visiting my doctor for a checkup and he told me there was some new medication that might help me with my little tool problem. He explained it in detail so I just told him to give it to me. What harm can it do? "

He then added that the doctor gave him the usual instructions and explained the possible side effect. Then gave him a small notebook saying, "I want you to keep record of how many erections you get and how many times you have successful intercourse until I see you again. We might have to adjust the dosage. I must tell you this is the best pill I have seen on the market to date. See you in two weeks then we can talk about your progress."

Kandy kissed Fred long and hard, but for she could not keep her eyes off his cock and yelled, "To hell with foreplay! I need your cock in me NOW!" 

She laid back, pulled him on top of her, and guided his member into her hot love tunnel. Oh fuck, she could not believe it! It felt so wonderful. But she loved the surprise she got when she looked up into his face. Fred was grinning like the cat that just ate the canary.

She kissed him and said, "Tell me love, how does it feel to have a hard cock without all that extra effort?"

Fred shouted, "How in the hell do you think it feels? I love it! Oh my god, your pussy fits around it like a tailored leather glove. I love fucking your hot box. Oh honey, it feels like I have just died and gone to cock heaven and was granted my wish…. a new cock with a guaranteed hard-on! Now let's stop this chitchat and fuck! I have been dying to shove this whopper in you all day long!" 

He fucked her deep and hard then told her to turn over, he wanted to see is cock would slide into her hot tight ass. 

When he slide his cock into her ass, she screamed, "Oh fuck, that's it, ram it deep darling. FUCK MY ASS, oooooh baby harder!" 

Kandy could not believe it, he was ramming his hard cock into her ass and she was in seventh heaven. He could fuck her in every hole in every way imaginable now, because he could do it as long as he wanted. There was no time limit like there was with the constrictor ring. 

He loved it. For the rest of the night they were a frenzy of mouths, fingers, pussy, tits and hard cock. They fucked the whole night and Fred entered every hole she had. He fell asleep that night exhausted and truly satisfied for the first time in a very long time. 

The next day Fred explained to her that this new pill could make it possible for men to have successful intercourse for up to thirty-six hours. They stayed in bed and continued the fuck session. This time Fred told to straddle him. He wanted to bury his cock as deep as it would go in her hot pussy. 

She wrapped both hands around his cock guided him inside her and exclaimed, "It takes two hands to handle this whopper!"

He reached up, grabbed her by hips, and slammed her hot box down on his hard member repeatedly. He looked up into her face and said, "Kandy the fun has just begun! Next stop on this journey is those hot tits of yours. I think its time to titty fucked you my way, with your lips around the head of this whopper while I wrap those 42D's around the shaft."

She leaned forward kissed him deep and hard, then whispered, "Bring it on big guy! Hey, can we use a video camera next time?"