 Dane's frat brothers thought he was going for the easy fuck. The truth was, he had been seducing Molly for weeks now. It was all the skinny co-eds he'd bedded the last couple of years who'd been easy. They made nice little trophies to brag about to the boys, but they had begun to bore him.

Across campus, sex was easily had. Young men and women were getting their first taste of independence and were eager to explore and experiment with each other. Dane had lustfully joined the sexual games at first -- but now he was in a slump. Masturbation had become more pleasurable then intercourse to him. He was shunning the frat parties and the opportunities with young woman they presented, choosing to stay home and rub it out alone instead. His sex drive felt like a car speeding down the road in serious need of an alignment job. 

Molly was just the right girl to smooth everything out. He first laid eyes on her at a little frozen yogurt place near campus. She was sitting between a couple of pretty little blondes who had caught the eyes of one of his buddies. The blondes were taking advantage of high metabolisms, consuming large tubs of yogurt smothered in toppings. Molly had the flowing curves of a woman with a much slower metabolic rate -- yet she was unashamedly enjoying her own frozen treat -- smiling as cookie dough toppings passed between her cherry lips. 

That smile -- it conveyed confidence and joy, and it left Dane a bit weak in the knees. Society had taught him he should be looking at the cute, slim blondes to either side of Molly, but yet, he couldn't take his eyes off of the full-figured woman in the middle. Her round face was framed by reddish-brown hair that reminded one of leaves in autumn. She was wearing a yellow sundress that exposed soft white shoulders and more than a hint of bountiful cleavage. Beneath the table full calves crossed over lovely feet where she wore sandals, showing off cherry red toenails, perfectly matching her lips.

Dane and his friend managed to strike up a conversation with the girls. Observers would have assumed the two fit, young men were interested in the pretty, little blondes and not the chubby girl between them. Even Dane assumed that at first, but the more the blondes talked -- the more disinterested in them he became. His gaze kept returning to Molly's bewitching features. She would catch him looking at her and her eyes would sparkle and she'd offer him that smile that left him weak.

The blondes flirtatiously offered up their numbers. Molly's number was not so easily had. She left Dane with nothing more than a demure nod and one last shared gaze with her sparkling eyes. The conversation, however, had yielded valuable information. Dane knew she was a lit major in her first year, with a love for Fitzgerald. 

He tried to put Molly out of his head by telling himself his attraction to this big, beautiful, young woman was just a passing whim. Yet, he found himself in a bookstore the next day buying a copy of The Great Gatsby. For the next few nights he took his book to read at various coffee shops and other hang-outs near the Campbell building where the majority freshmen lit classes were held. Nearly a week later he found her again -- sitting alone in the corner of a little tea shop, her face buried in a large text book. 

He dropped his copy of Gatsby on her table. She looked up at him, and that sexy smile crossed her lips and touched her eyes. Dane's heart raced as he realized she remembered him. He gave her some lame line about wanting to discuss the book with her, but he knew from that moment on that this wasn't about literature. Looking into those sparkling eyes he accepted that he was now devoting all his energy to seducing Molly. 

They talked that night until the tea shop closed down and kicked them out. They talked about Fitzgerald and a thousand other topics. Molly was smart, and witty, and easy to talk to. Even if seduction had not been in his plans, Dane would have loved spending his evenings conversing with her. As they left the tea shop Dane finally got her phone number, but nothing else -- not even a peck on the cheek good night. 

She delighted in toying with him. She was sexy and flirtatious, but she knew seduction was on his mind and she would make him work for it. It took more than a week's worth of long conversations and flirtation before he got the first good night kiss. She wasn't a prude -- she was a woman that understood what a prize she was and enjoyed making Dane work to earn that prize. 

Dane came to her a frat-boy with a reputation for bedding scrawny bimbos. That rep may have made him a hero back at the chapter house but Molly believed you are what you fuck -- go to bed with sluts and wake up one yourself. To her, a stud was just a slut with a better PR department. But this was a sin she could forgive, if he was willing to change. Molly needed to see proof that Dane's taste had improved -- that he was willing to give up easy sex for quality sex. To rise above the typical crowd, he had to publicly recognize the value of her charms. She wouldn't be Dane's plump secret. She had spent her life telling society and its ideals to go screw themselves. He would have to as well if she was to believe he had changed. 

Dane was oblivious to the rules of this game. He simply wanted Molly. She made him want her so much he couldn't see anyone else. Her smile made him melt and her kiss set him on fire. She stoked the fire and then left it smoldering. She knew he was beginning to belong to her, but she had to make sure he understood that himself. 

After several frustrating but enticing weeks, the game finally came to its peak. Dane's chapter house was throwing its biggest party of the semester, the big bash following mid-terms. Dane invited Molly. Until then, their dates had taken place in small coffee shops and off-the-path diners. The bash surrounded them with his frat brothers and the slender tramps that had once been the focus of his conquests. The frat-boys watched Dane and Molly mystified. The floozies sneered and turned away. They could sense when one of their favorite toys had fallen prey to an alpha female. 

Dane didn't notice any of it. Despite the crowd, he could only see Molly. They danced -- their bodies close -- their desire for one another obvious. The touch of Molly's soft form against him flamed his fire into a full blaze. And finally Molly knew he didn't care what everyone else thought. In the middle of the mob he was giving himself to her. At last she leaned in close and whispered into his ears the words he had been wanting to hear. 

As Dane led her upstairs, his buddies assumed he had become so hard-up he was giving the fat girl a pity fuck. Truth was Molly had finally taken pity on him. 

Behind closed doors they kissed ravenously as Dane fumbled his way out of his shirt and then began the lascivious task of removing Molly's dress. She stood before him, her curves fully exposed in nothing but a lacey pair of panties and bra. He ran his eyes over her body and then followed up with his hands, feeling every inch of her supple flesh. They embraced and he threw her back onto his bed. With a practiced twist of his fingers he undid her bra strap and tugged it way. Her large and fleshy breasts toppled free. Dane buried his face between them while Molly undid the front of his pants and began to yank them down to his thighs along with his boxer-briefs. 

Dane's dick sprung free, it's tip bobbing against her belly. He kicked the rest of the way out of his pants and began to kiss his way down from her cleavage to her generous tummy -- his hands gently stroking the flesh over her ribs until he reached the top edge of her panties. With a deft move he tugged them down below her knees. 

Molly pulled her calves free of the frilly undies and spread her legs offering him an open invitation. Dane obliged taking his kisses beneath her belly-button, across her bush, and onto the lips of her pussy. He reached out with his tongue, separating the folds and gently lapped at her clit. She moaned, surrounded his face with her thick thighs and put a hand on the back of his head. He gripped and kneaded her robust hips, relishing the pillowy feel of them, and moaned back to her. 

His lips surrounded her clit and sucked the little nub into his mouth where he flicked his tongue over it in a quick motion. Molly gasped, surprised at how fast he was making her cum. At least he had picked up some nice skills during his sordid past. She arched her back and pressed her thighs tight around his head. With a load cry that was sure to be overheard she came, pushing his head into her pelvis. 

Dane pulled back once she was finished, gasping for air and smiling at her with soaked lips and chin. Still gasping for air herself, she sat up and reached for his dick, took hold and gave it a tight squeeze. Pre cum dripped over her fingers. She began to pump it and Dane rolled his eyes back into his head. In no time at all his body began to tremble and he had take hold of her wrist to stop her from making him cum too soon. 

Molly gave him the most wicked smile and rolled over on her hands and knees, raising her rotund ass into the air in front of him. He ran his hands over it from her spine to the tops of her thighs, enjoying the its ample size. He reached between her legs, letting his fingers dip into the opening, taking the moisture and coating her outer lips. Then he knelt close behind her, slid his dick between and slowly moved until the head slipped inside of her. 

Molly let out a small squeal of pleasure as he cautiously worked himself inch by inch deeper, until his pelvis was pressed into her ass, and her pussy had completely swallowed his penis. He was used to little butts that he had to hold on to, but Molly's bottom was wide and her weight anchored nicely in front of his thrust. 

He began to gently fuck her. It was like falling over and over again into soft pillows with a warm wet center. She pushed back into him and he increased his pace. Soon he was bucking away, groaning at the glorious feel of her luscious body against his. In no time, Molly was coming on his cock. She called out in pleasure, and he bent forward, wrapping his arms around her waist and feeling her spasm beneath him with his dick pressed tight into her pussy. 

She fell forward, spent. His dick slipped out of her but he kept his strong arms wrapped around her body. With a powerful move he rolled her face up and stared down at her beautiful, nakedness beneath him. She looked up at him smiled, her eyes sparkling. A huge grin filled his face and he lowered himself down onto her and and into her again. The feel of her huge breasts and full tummy pressing into him was incredible. She was so soft and lush. Every inch of her sent waves of pleasure through him. They both panted, and sweated, and moaned in delight. He could feel his balls draw up tight and his body start to surrender to the bliss of release. He looked into her sparkling eyes and watched as her orgasm built with his. They gazed at each other and cried out together as he erupted inside her and she shook all over. Weeks of pent up arousal flooded out of him, filled her and spilt over. 

After moments of ecstasy he collapsed on top of her, their bodies intertwining. He rested his head on her silky shoulder and felt himself slowly drifting into a dreamy state of peace. 

At that moment he knew he would never be satisfied fucking anything but a big, beautiful woman again. At that moment he couldn't imagine taking pleasure in any woman other than the one intertwined with him right then. 

Of course, the latter would change in time -- when he discovered that Molly too enjoyed the ample flesh of a big, beautiful woman and would gladly welcome a third into their bed.

The Beginning