 It was coming close to the end of the school year, and my daughter Grace was feeling overwhelmed with the amount of work she had to do. She was getting ready for school one morning, and she had a bit of a breakdown.

"Daddy, it's just too much. I have so much homework, and now I have two projects that I need to do too. I just can't get it all done," she complained.

"You need to stay focused and stick it out, Gracie. You're almost there."

"But it's so hard. I have no time to myself. All I do is homework!"

"Honey, you certainly spend enough time on Twitter and Instagram and texting. I think maybe you're over exaggerating a bit."

"I'm not, Daddy! Now I need a book from the library for this project. I don't know when I'm going to get that," she wailed and started sobbing.

"Okay honey. I'll get the book for you. When you come home today, let's work on a plan for how you can get everything done, okay?"

Grace calmed down a bit and shook her head. She gave me a hug and a peck on the cheek, grabbed her backpack, and headed for the door.

"I'll see you later, daddy."

"Gracie? What book do you need?"

"Oh," she giggled. She pulled a sheet of paper out of her backpack, and handed it to me. "I need any one of the books on that list. Thanks Daddy!" She flew out the door and headed for school.

When most people think of the New York Public Library, they think about the landmark location on Fifth Avenue, with the big stone arches and columns and lions out front. For many people in the city, that location is not at all convenient. Fortunately, there are quite a few much smaller branches sprinkled all throughout the city. I went online and saw that my local branch had a number of the books on Grace's list available. Going to the library was not the way I intended to spend one of my vacation days this week, but I figured I'd get in and out pretty quickly.

I stopped at a Starbucks and strolled down to the branch on 79th Street, sipping coffee and listening to music. When I arrived, I finished my coffee and walked inside. The branch isn't very large, comprised of a main room for adults on the first floor, and a room for children on the second. I walked over to one of the computers to locate a book on the list. I found the listing in the online category, but it didn't really help me with where it would be in this branch. Frankly, I haven't actually used a library in ages. I was actually a bit lost.

I decided to wander the shelves a bit, trying to figure out how the library organized books. I spent about five minutes nosing around, and a library employee carrying an armload of books rushing past me. 

"Excuse me," I called out.

She took another step or two, and it was quite obvious that she wanted to keep going. She did stop, and turned around, prepared, I am sure, to tell me that she couldn't help me at that moment. She opened her mouth to say something, then stopped and smiled. She tried speaking again, and once again just smiled. It was a moment that I'm having a very difficult time explaining. There was an instant attraction and connection between us. It wasn't like one of those-look at that fucking piece of ass-kind of moments. It was different. I'd say love at first sight, but without the love, but not necessarily lust either. We just somehow clicked.

I stood there a bit dumbfounded just looking at her, and she switched over to an amused smile, tilting her head a bit to one side as if to say...Yes? You needed...? In those slow motion seconds, I took her all in. She had full, soft looking lips, brown eyes and long brown hair with what I guess were henna highlights. She was pretty, but the kind of pretty that would be overlooked by many people that only looked for common beauty. She had curves and was well proportioned, not skinny but certainly not fat.

She shifted her weight onto her other foot, still looking at me, he smile now bordering on a giggle.

"Um, hi," I began. "Sorry...I can see that you're busy. I was just trying to find a book for my daughter," I said, trailing off.

"It's okay," she said. "What book are you looking for?"

I pulled out the list and showed it to her. "Actually, any book on this list, but I know that this one is available for sure according to the online listing," I said, pointing to a title on the list.

"That could be in one of two places. Let's try over here," she said, walking towards the back of the library. I followed behind her, watching her ass as she walked. She was definitely a curvy woman, in just the right way. She was wearing jeans, and her ass filled them out very nicely. She also had nice wide hips, which I have always loved in a woman.

She stopped in front of a shelf and turned around towards me. Once again, she had a smile on her face. "It would be here, alphabetically, by author," she said. We scanned the shelves together, and I found a different book by the same author. The one I was looking for wasn't there.

"It may be in the children's room," she offered. "I'll go check." She flashed a demure smile at me and headed over to the desk, putting down the books she had been carrying and heading up a flight of stairs. I poked around the area a bit, thinking I might find a different book from the list. I frowned at myself for not having accompanied her upstairs. I liked looking at her, and I was down here and she was up there.

I crouched down to look at a bottom shelf, and she was suddenly by my side, holding a book. "Tada! I found it. It was up in the children's room," she said, holding the book out to me.

I was looking into her eyes as I reached for the book, and she still had that smile on her face. Damn, did I want to reach in and kiss those soft lips of hers. "Thank you so much for your help," I offered instead.

"You're very welcome," she replied. We stood like that for a few more seconds, until she released the book and broke into a large grin. "Can I help you with anything else?"

"Ummm...I...I think I'm good," I stammered. 

"Okay then," she said, laughing a little. It sounded beautiful; almost lyrical. She smiled and bit her lip, giving me one last look before turning away and heading over to the counter to resume what she had been doing. I noticed her glance over her shoulder and look at me as she walked, and we smiled at each other once again.

I went to the counter to check the book out, and since I hadn't ever used the New York Public Library, I had to fill out an application for a library card. This process took much longer than it needed to, because I was taking my time. I didn't want to leave. My friend was returning to the desk again and again, picking up books that needed to be reshelved. She caught my eye each time, and it was clear that she was enjoying the attention. Finally, I received my card and checked the book out. I looked around for her one last time, not seeing her, and reluctantly headed for the door. 

I walked through the doors and down the steps, and there she was. She stepped in front of me, still smiling. That smile. I will never forget it.

"Hi," she said. 

"Oh, hi," I said, breaking into a grin of my own.

"I'm going over to Starbucks for some coffee. Would you like to come?" She flashed that smile at me yet again.

"If you keep on smiling at me like that' I'll follow you anywhere," I replied.

She let out that lyrical laugh again, and smiled theatrically. "Let's go then," she said, starting up the block. There was a Starbucks on the corner, and we went inside and got on line. We each ordered an iced latte, and I paid the cashier as my new friend grabbed some straws. We sat at one of the small outside tables, sitting at a forty five degree angle from each other.

She reached her hand out to me. "I'm Sandy," she said. Of course, she was smiling at me.

"Tom," I replied, taking her hand and returning her smile. She had good hands. Soft, but strong.

"I have to tell you, this may be one of the craziest things I have ever done. I have NEVER literally chased a man all over the library before. I honestly don't know what came over me," she said while giggling.

I looked into her eyes. "You felt it too, didn't you? I saw your face, and it was as if I was immediately enchanted."

"Yes! It was exactly like that! I was going to tell you to go to the desk to ask for help, but when I saw you..." Her voice trailed off and she smiled again. 

We sat in silence for a minute, sipping our coffee and enjoying the fresh air.

"Were you really going to leave the library without asking my name or anything," she asked.

"Um, I married. As much as you had my heart doing little flips, my brain told me to behave myself."

"Oh," she said, disappointment showing on her face as she pointed to the empty ring finger of my left hand. "I thought..."

I rolled my eyes. "Yeah. Not wearing that is a long and boring story. Sorry." I smiled and shrugged my shoulders.

She smiled through the disappointment, and carried on as if she hadn't heard. "What do you do for a living, Tom?"

"Actually, I'm starting a new job in two weeks. I work for a privately held venture capital firm. It's really interesting meeting people with new ideas and a passion for what they're doing. Right now, I'm using the last of my vacation days doing not much of anything."

"Except for flirting with librarians, she laughed.

"Right. Except for that. So, I take it that you're single?"

"Divorced. It was a nasty affair, I'll tell you that. Don't ever marry an attorney. I have one daughter, finished with college and living down in DC."

"Did you have her when you were nine? You have to be younger than that."

"You flatter me, and I like it. I had her when I was twenty one. I'm forty three right now."

"You look wonderful. Not that forty three is old, mind you. But, yeah. You look...yeah."

There was that smile again, as she shook her head from side to side a little. 

"What do you do when you're not at the library," I asked. "What makes Sandy happy?"

"I paint," she said. "I was an art major in college. It's a bit tough to make a living out of, unless you paint rooms," she said with a chuckle.

"Do you have any pictures of your work?"

"With me," she giggled. "Do you want to search me?"

"Well, yes, but that's a different story. I meant on your phone or something."

"Oh, no. I prefer my work to be seen in person, not on some tiny screen, " she replied, that demure smile just about killing me. "I have to go back to work, but I'm off tomorrow. I'd love to have you come over and see some of my work if you'd like to."

"I'd love to," I said, my heart pounding. 

"Great, Tom. I live at 216 84th Street, between 2nd and 3rd. Apartment 2C. Can you come over around ten?"

"Perfect," I said, standing up as she did. She was now blushing to go along with her incredible smile. I walked back with her to the library, and then I headed for home.

The next morning I stayed in bed until everyone else had cleared out of the apartment, finally getting up and sipping some coffee as I shaved and showered. I threw on a pair of shorts and a shirt, slipped into some sandals, and headed out to walk to Sandy's apartment. Honestly, I have no fucking idea what I thought I was doing. I was caught up in a moment, and I just couldn't bring myself to get out of it. 

When I arrived at Sandy's building, I rang the outside buzzer. Sandy made sure it was me, and then buzzed me in. I walked up a flight of stairs, and saw her standing in her doorway waiting for me. She looked even better than she did the day before, and she still had that beautiful smile flashing in my direction. She held the door open for me and asked me in, and I stepped into her apartment. The main living area was all connected, with the kitchen area open onto a small dining area, and the living room beyond that. There were paintings on easels and lined up along the base of one wall, perhaps twenty of them in all. 

"Well, here they are, Tom. This is what four years at a top liberal arts college can buy you," she joked.

We walked together slowly, taking some time to look at each piece, Sandy quietly watching me for my reaction to her work. Many of them were scenes from Central Park and other parts of the city, not all of them well known locations to those that didn't live here.

"I'm no expert," I said. "But these are all really quite good. How long does it take you to paint something like this?"

"Thank you Tom. It varies. Using oil, it can take a while depending upon what I'm trying to do with the colors and shading. Other times, I can paint something very quickly."

"This can't be all of your work. Do you sell some?"

"I do. I sell at art shows and at some galleries. Of course, my family and friends have an overabundance of my work. I think they wish I'd work overtime at the library so I stop painting so much," she joked.

"It really is wonderful, Sandy. You are quite talented."

She smiled. "Would you like something to drink? I have a fresh pitcher of iced tea."

"That sounds perfect."

"Lemon or lime?"

"Lime," I reply, still walking around the living room looking at her work. She came over and handed me a glass, and held hers up. "Cheers." We clinked glasses and I took a sip as I looked at her. I could see her eyes smiling at me from behind her glass.

"Do you ever do portraits of people?"

"I did in school. I very much like the human form. Normally, I sketch people rather than paint them. I can sketch someone in about fifteen minutes when I put my mind to it."

"Really? That fast? How about you do a sketch of me?"

"Um," Sandy paused. "I know what this is going to sound like, but I sketch nudes. Like I said, I'm really interested in the human form. So much is lost under clothing."

"Ah, that's how you seduce men, huh? Is there a date rape drug in this iced tea, too," I kidded.

"Damn. I've been found out," she said as she laughed.

"You really have a wonderful laugh," I told her.

She smiled and blushed. "Thank you, Tom."

"Are you game? Do you want to sketch me?"

Sandy bit her lip and looked at me with her head tilted. "Okay, Tom. If you're serious, get undressed and stand with your back to me. I'll get my stuff from the bedroom." 

I did as Sandy asked, and was glad that she was behind me. At this point, my cock was rock hard, and there would be no way of hiding that from her if I turned around. Sandy returned and stood there quietly looking at me. I was a power lifter in college, and much of the muscle had stayed with me. At fifty, I was still powerfully built, and did not have an abundance of body fat covering my muscles.

"You certainly don't look like one of those Wall Street fat cats," Sandy joked.

I looked over my shoulder and caught her eye. "You sure as hell don't look like a librarian, either."

Sandy's smile was different this time. Very different. The sweetness was gone, and she looked like a hungry wolf. 

"Okay, let's get started," she said. She had me pose and move in a number of different ways, trying to decide what she liked best. She finally settled on a pose that had me turned a bit to the side, my left foot stepped out in front of my right, my left arm down and back behind my hip, and my right arm extended up and out in front of me. Picture someone that had thrown a spear or a ball, just after the moment of release.

Sandy worked quickly, and I could hear the charcoal scratching against the canvas as she worked. At least, I thought, my cock had calmed down a bit. It was still a bit swollen, but it was now hanging down instead of standing up making a spectacle of itself.

"Done," Sandy said. "What do you think?"

I turned and walked around to the other side of the easel that Sandy had been working at and looked at the sketch. She had done an incredible job, using bold lines and shapes. There wasn't an abundance of detail, but it almost seemed as if your own eye added that which wasn't there. 

"Wow. This is outstanding, Sandy. You really are so talented," I said. I shifted my eyes from the sketch to Sandy, and saw that she wasn't looking at her work. She was staring at my cock. She raised her eyes to mine, blushing. She had lost her smile, but what I saw in her face was no less inviting.

"I wasn't sure you would come today," she whispered.

"I had to. I just...had to."

"I'm glad you did," she said as she moved closer to me. I took a step closer and touched a hand to her cheek, pulling her in close for a kiss.

"I have wanted to do that from the moment I first saw you," I told her. "It's as if I was mesmerized by you." I didn't wait for a reply, instead opting to kiss her again, my tongue parting her lips and probing hers. She kissed me back, running her hands across my back and tugging at the hair on my head. Sandy broke the kiss and took a step back, grabbing me by the hand and pulling me into her bedroom. She pushed me onto the bed and stood beside it, pulling off her tank top and sliding her shorts down her legs. She reached behind her to undo her bra, and I pulled her arms away. 

"Let me," I said. I stood up and kissed her again, slipping the bra strap off one of her shoulders and pulling it down. I revealed one full, ripe tit from the bra, her nipple brown and swollen. I toyed with it with my fingers, making Sandy moan into my mouth as I kissed her. I kissed my way down her neck and chest until I reached her nipple, then sucked it into my mouth, using my teeth to nip at it just a little bit. My other hand pulled down the other strap and freed her other tit, toying with it as I continued licking and sucking the first one that I had freed. 

I reached behind her and undid the bra, tossing it to the floor as I moved up and kissed her again. Sandy was flushed and breathing heavy, but she looked a little frightened.

"What's wrong," I asked her.

"I'm a little nervous. It...it's been over eighteen months since I've had sex with a man. I...you know?"

"It's okay Sandy. We'll go slow. Just let your body feel and respond. It will remember for you. Okay?"

"Okay. I know I'm being silly, but. Okay."

"I have to tell you...you are more beautiful than I realized," I said to her as I kissed her neck some more. I slid a hand down her body and slipped it into her panties, making her gasp as I reached between her legs. She opened them a bit to give me room to maneuver, and held on to me tightly as we kissed. I parted her lips with one of my fingers, and then another. Her cunt was dripping wet, and she whimpered when I started to slide those two fingers in and out of her. My thumb was putting pressure on her clit at the same time. I think it took less than a minute for Sandy to scream out as she had her first orgasm of the day.

She was clinging on to me as her body shook with pleasure. I pulled my hand away and looked down at her face. There was that smile again.

"Oh, Tom. That felt so freaking good. So good."

I guided her over to the bed and she sat down and scooted up onto it. Now I pulled her panties down and threw them over my shoulder onto the floor. She was lying there completely naked, watching my face as I took all of her in. I got onto my knees by the side of the bed, between her legs. I pulled her over to me, until I my face was right in front of her needy pussy. She had dark hair that was neatly trimmed, and I could smell her. I spread her legs up and apart, and pulled her a bit closed and nuzzled her cunt with my nose, taking in her scent. Sandy let out a gasp and a moan.

"Please, Tom. Please don't tease me."

I used my fingers to spread her lips, and licked up her slit again and again, tasting her tanginess as I slipped my tongue inside her. She was moaning and squirming, nudging me with her heels, wanting more. I moved up to her clit, sucking it ever so gently into my mouth, flicking my tongue around it in circles. I slipped a few fingers inside her and started fucking her with them as I continued working on her clit. I could feel her cunt clenching tighter and tighter on my fingers, and her sounds and breathing told me that she was going to cum again. I watched her face contort as she came again, very hard this time. I didn't stop until she pushed me away, needing to catch her breath for a bit.
