 ~This one is for you Ursa Major...Thank you~

Shay set the alarm on her car as she pressed the tiny remote that was in her right hand. Waving to the attendant with her left, she made her way to the doors. She was so glad it was Friday and was looking forward to a night of dancing, drinks and conversation with her friends at the night spot she had frequented for a good while. The "Candlelight Lounge" was a favorite spot for many locals. As Shay stepped inside the lounge, she shook off a chill that had hit her from the cold night air.

The front area of the lounge was about half full of people talking and enjoying themselves. The music was making its way from the rear of the lounge where the dance floor was. There was an area in the center of the building that was the gaming area. Pool tables, shuffle board tables, electronic darts and air hockey. They were placed about so that there was ample room for players and spectators as well.

Hellos and hugs were exchanged by a few in the front area as Shay moved to the back. She knew the regular group would be there at their usual tables. She was right. The group consisted of a a few couples and then there were the "ME's" as Shay so jokingly put it. She was always telling the coupled ones when they would be caught up in little spats, "Be a ME! Less fuss! Or if you do fuss, it's with yourself and you always win!" Shay was not anti-relationship. She was just enjoying her own space. Not having to share her space unless she wanted to. The toilet seat was always down. The bread always had a twist tie on it, not spun as tight as a bungie cord. The tea pitcher was never placed in the refrigerator with 1.3 ounces of tea in it, and she could do Chinese take out as many times a week as she wanted without hearing any complaints.

Shay made her way through the crowd to Mark and Lisa. They were celebrating 10 years of marriage. Lisa was always trying to get Shay matched up with someone. Stepping up behind them, she placed a hand on each ones shoulder. Turning her face to Lisa, she kissed her cheek and told her Happy Anniversary. Lisa placed her hand on Shay's face and kissed her cheek replying, "Thank you Baby. I want to be able to say that to you soon." As Mark's arm slid around Shay's waist, he told her, " I just love a lady in boots!" Shay laughed at him as she replied to Lisa, " For me to be where you are Shuggar, you would have to divorce Mark, you have the best man around!" With that being said, Shay turned her attention to Mark. " I know you like your women in boots Mark. These are the boots I had on for ya when...." Mark quickly placed a finger over Shay's lips pretending to quiet her from telling a secret. They embraced and exchanged quick kisses as Lisa threw her hands up in a hopeless gesture.

As Shay continued with her hellos, a waitress handed her a Margarita and said it was sent over from Bear. Shay's eyes began to scan the game area looking for him. He was one of the regulars that she had met a few months back. He was so polite, had a sense of humor that kept her at borderline hysteria, good dancer, nice looking, chocolate eyes as she called them and she loved hearing him slip his Boston accent into conversations. The two of them never spent time together alone. They were always surrounded by the mutual friends they had at The "Candlelight Lounge." Shay had seen him with others and never really thought about the two of them as more than just friends. 

Ken looked up as Shay spotted him. She smiled at him, tipped her drink in his direction mouthing quietly, "Thank you."

Ken gave her a quick wink and went back to his pool game.

Shay sat down at the table and joined in the conversation with the others. As she laughed and shared tidbits of her week, she finished her Margarita. Crossing her legs, she slid her hand up her boot starting at her ankle to her knee as she looked around for a waitress. The same waitress stepped up to her with a fresh Margarita, smiling as she swapped out the glasses.

As Shay glanced up at the waitress, she was told, " same one Hun." Then she walked away.

Shay looked in the direction of the pool table and he was not there. She assumed he must have left so she settled back into the conversation around her.

From the stage, the lead singer declared an "all skate" as they left for a break. From the jukebox the music started a beat that vibrated the walls, and as usual the women started filing onto the dance floor as Madonna belted out. "Hey Mr. DJ." 

Shay stood and began to pull the sleeves from her lightweight tan leather jacket from her arms. Draping it over the back of her chair, off she went with the other dancers.

Ken watched as she removed the short leather jacket. It matched the tan boots that came to her knees. Her belted jeans tucked in them with a continuos flow to her tan belt. The cream colored blouse she had on was tailored to show the shape of her breast being held inside a lacy bra. Her chest exposed just enough to make the eyes curious as to what was lower. He knew he was not the only one curious. He was wondering if the other men felt what he felt when they watched her. Trying to break his train of thought, Ken looked away and took a drink of his beer. But his eyes went right back to her on the dance floor. He watched as she counted out steps with the others. Her bump and grind was right on the money with the music. The dance floor was crowded but he never lost sight of her.

As the song ended, Shay made her way back to the table to finish her drink. To her surprise there was another Margarita sitting beside the one she had left there. She turned to look for the waitress but instead she looked up at Ken. There he was with his sweet smile as Shay picked up her drink and asked in a playful way, " Do you know I have a limit on these frozen concoctions?"

His smile got bigger as he replied, " Yes, and this one should be the one that sinks ya!" Ken quickly picked up the fresh Margarita and offered it to her with a wink.

Shay laughed, then she told him in a very stern manner, " Kenny. I like to be able to say the next morning that Jose' Cuervo is still a friend of mine. If I am not careful, he can mess my head up for days." Shay finished the drink and sat the empty glass on a table and had the fresh one in her hand. " And besides that." She continued," I like to be able to keep up with me!"

Ken let her know real quick, "I will keep up with you tonight! You can deal with Jose' tomorrow." Ken then took her arm and started towards the dance floor. The band had started another set. " Don't step on my toes Shay Lyn!" he joked as he took her drink from her and stepped on the floor, pulling her close.

This behavior was typical for them. And for others in their little group as well. Just a lot of fun and bantering back and forth.

Ken knew she liked to dance. He also knew as long as he stayed out there he could hold her. The band started into a song that had caught Kenny's interest a few days ago. He adjusted his hold on Shay as he began to sing the words to the Jimmy Wayne tune , "You Are."...

"I wanna hold you forever.... that's all I'll ever need. You are my love, you are my life. My heart and soul. The truest friend I've ever known. You are my world, all of my dreams, my fantasy, my reality...I love everything you are..."

Shay listened as he held her at a safe distance and sung the words. Something was going on here she thought. He had a very nice voice. Shay always thought just his normal talking voice was so sexy. And his singing was just as smooth. Shay realized without forethought, she had stepped in closer to Ken and laid her cheek to his strong chest and gently squeezed his hand.

Like magic, the band went right into an old Randy Travis tune, "It's just a matter of time." Shay listened as he softly sung the words...

 " Someday...someway, You'll realize that you've been blind....Yes, Darlin... your gonna need me again.... It's just a matter of time...." It was as if Shay melted into Ken as they danced so close around the crowded dance floor. They had no idea that their friends were watching and commenting about the two of them looking so good together.

As the song ended Ken slipped in a slight dip playfully and Shay grabbed his arms tightly as she let out her infectious giggle that he knew so well. They playfully joined arms and he escorted her back to her Margarita.

Something WAS different Shay thought. She noticed that his eyes followed her wherever she went. Then she realized, they were watching each other. Shay blamed it on the Tequila. She had had five by now and that was three over her limit. She knew she was content with the way things were between them. This was silly to be thinking either of them wanted to change what they had.

As Shay sat on a barstool pretending to listen to the barmaids plans for her new apartment, her attention was brought to the mirror behind the bar to see who had just placed a hand on her back. It was a man that was also a regular at the "Candlelight Lounge". His name was Cory, and a great dancer.

"Hello Shay, how about this one?" he asked with a smile and a nod towards the dance floor.

"Sure!", Shay replied as she lowered herself from the barstool. Taking her by the arm, Cory walked her to the edge of the floor and slipped right in to a two-step with the other dancers.

Ken seen her. He watched as she danced and talked with Cory. He knew the scent of her cologne that was filling Cory's nostrils. He knew how her soft, tiny hand felt in Cory's as he lead her around the floor. He also knew he wanted to be where Cory was again.

As the song ended Cory and Shay left the dance floor and walked back to the bar. Ken knew he needed to act fast or his chance to spend the evening with Shay might be gone. Ken slipped up beside Shay placed his mouth at her ear and whispered, " Rumor has it you are really bad at pool."

Shay tilted her head up to make eye contact with him, smiled and replied, " I heard the same thing about you. If you are challenging me Ken, this could get very ugly."

"Oh yeah?" Ken asked as he leaned up against the bar staring her down with a playful eye. "If that's a challenge Shay, let me get you another Margarita!"

Shay slid off her barstool and started walking to the pool tables. Ken was right behind her taking in the sway of her ass as she walked away. He ordered her another Margarita from a passing waitress.

Ken and Shay both chose their cues. Ken took out a coin and told Shay to call it. She could see the tease in his eyes. Shay decided she was about to give Ken all the tease he could handle.

Slipping her hand in her back pocket she gave him a wink and replied, " You seem to enjoy watching tail...Tails it is!"

Tossing the coin in the air, Ken realized he just jumped in with both feet. " Your break Darlin," Ken smirked as he returned a wink while racking the balls.

As Ken racked the balls Shay reminded him of a twist to the game. When one scratches on a shot, they have to remove a ball of the opponents. "No problem Shay," Ken responded with a confident tone.

Shay watched as he tossed the balls around in place. Ken looked up and had to smile as he watched her chalking her cue, and then blowing on it lightly. Shay lined up and sunk a ball on her first shot. Before she missed she had sunk 3 solids.

Ken walked around the table sizing up his options. He was watching her as she kept her eyes on him. Shay was biting her bottom lip and making sure that her breast swelled with every breath she took. As he focused on the red felt, Shay began to move to where he was standing. As she placed the butt of the cue on her boot, she placed her warm palm on the small of his back and asked, " Need some help Shuggar?" As Ken looked up from the table, he realized that a small crowd had gathered. Ken wondered how it was that when a guy was about to be hung out to dry not only in pool but in the art of teasing, word traveled SO fast. Ken turned his head to the right and looked down at his sassy competition and replied with a smile, " I show no mercy Shay Shay."

Shay leaned forward and nipped at his bottom lip and informed him, " I take no prisoners. I gave you the big ones Darlin." She then stepped back so he could take his shot. Ken sunk a ball first on his first shot and began to look for the next. As he glanced at the far end of the table, there she was. Shay had placed her cue stick between her legs and crossed them. Taking a sip of her Margarita, she very gently rubbed the cue up and down on her. Her eyes were locked onto his. Ken tried to seem un phased by this but the look on his face was a give away. Him scratching on his shot also caused a few smiles by the ladies and moans from the guys watching the hustle. Shay picked up one of her solid colored balls, she kissed it and placed it in the pocket.

Shay walked to the far side of the table and bent slightly to take aim at her shot. Her head snapped up as she felt someone move up real close to her ass. Looking over her shoulder, there he was. " Thought I would steady you a little Shay Lyn." Ken said with a grin and a little push.

His ploy worked. Shay scratched on the shot and Ken picked up one of his balls and placed it to her lips for a quick kiss, then he slipped it in a pocket. Shay knew he was good at his game. Just as good as his pool game too. She decided the heat was going to have to be turned up a little.

Ken placed his beer on a table and walked back to the pool table. Picking up the chalk, he began looking over the balls when he noticed a quick shimmer of light from the corner. Almost afraid to look at what she was up to now, he looked anyway. There she was, holding her Margarita glass to her mouth. She had the tip of her tongue on the rim of the glass and was tracing it with the tiny diamond on her tongue. The overhead light bounced a beam off of it just to fuck him up. And it worked. Ken felt his cock move under his clothes. She seen him looking at her, so she touched the center of her top lip with the tip of her tongue and began to lick her lip. Ken knew how Shay worked. He knew he should have looked away but he didn't. When he seen her eyes shift to his zipper, he turned and walked to the table for a drink of his beer. When he looked back at the table, Shay was picking up one of her solid balls and smiling at him.

Shay placed it over the nearest pocket and slipped it in. "Hey!...I didn't scratch. I haven't even taken my shot!" Ken protested.

Shay replied with a sass about her, " Oh come on Kenny...we all know you would have scratched on that shot, that's why you walked away from the table." With a quick glance over the crowd, she asked, " Judges?" A low roar from the crowd left Ken with no doubt she had swayed the masses ...again.

Ken watched as she took her shots. As she meticulously ran the table she spoke to him. No words were used. He heard every sigh she made regardless of it being like a whisper. He saw every glance she made to him. Every move she made, he could hear his thoughts clearly. He could not believe that he was getting excited just by the way she shaped her lips before taking a shot. He knew she was about to end the pool game, but he knew was wanting to begin the evening with her.

Shay rested her cue against her right shoulder as she walked to Ken. She picked up his beer and took a sip, then handed it to him and asked, " Kenny...can you tell me what the wager was here? One of us is about to have to pay up...."

Ken inhaled deep and then leaned to her right ear and whispered, " Me."

Shay stepped closer and took his collar in her hand and pulled him towards her. As Ken lowered his ear she whispered, "Your sayin...I sink the 8 ball...I get you...I miss it...."

Ken interrupted quickly, " I get you..."

Shay backed away from him and walked to the table picking up the chalk and chalking up. It was a straight shot in the corner. Shay looked at Ken and tapped her cue at the designated pocket.

As Shay leaned into the table to take her shot, she was thinking what a ' win win ' this was. As she took aim at the cue ball she purposely sent the 8 ball along the bumper and missed the pocket. She was looking at Ken before the 8 ball stopped rolling on the red felt. The crowd was going on about who threw the game, who won and some were exchanging side bets they had made.

Shay and Ken knew there was activity going on around them but all they could do was smile at each other. Ken walked to Shay taking her cue and placing them both in the rack. He then took her hand and walked her towards the front of the bar, taking her jacket from the back of the chair on the way. When they were just inside the front doors, he slipped her jacket on her. Shay stepped out into the night air but this time the chill she felt as she went inside earlier was gone. Ken walked her to her car as he held her hand.

Pinning her against her car, looking down at her he asked, " Will you follow me to my place and park your car there? I want to take you somewhere."

"Sure," was all that Shay could say before Ken had placed his lips lightly on hers. Both of them stared into each others eyes as they held each other by their arms. Shay began to pull her key from her jacket pocket and Ken reached to open the door for her as soon as she disengaged the alarm and locks. Shay slid in her car. Ken closed the door waited to hear the locks engage. Then he went to his car, his heart racing. He could not believe he was about to take Shay with him. So many nights he had left this same parking lot thinking of what it would be like to have her with him to bring in the next day.

Within fifteen minutes the two of them had pulled up in front of Ken's place and Shay was pulling the passenger door to Ken's car closed. Ken watched as she buckled up, then told her he was about to show her a place she would never forget. Ken pulled away from the curb and headed to a place that overlooked the skyline of Boston.

As Ken put the car in park, Shay was already un doing her seatbelt. All the lights of Boston were visible and they were mesmerizing. They both open the doors and got out of the car and walked to the edge of the ridge. Shay looked out over the city and was following Ken's directions. He was speaking of landmarks they were looking at and then pointing out another. Ken stepped over behind her and slid his right arm around her waist as he stretched out his left arm pointing out the famous Citgo sign by Fenway Park.

"It looks like thousands of Christmas lights Kenny." Shay said as she took it all in like a child. He could hear the excitement in her voice, he could also feel the excitement stirring in him as he held her tiny body against him.

Shay turned to Ken and placed her hands palms down on his chest. Looking up at him she could see the lights in his eyes as she asked him, " You come here a lot Ken?"

Ken replied to her , " A lot!", as he slid his hands up her back as if trying to keep her warm. Shay could not feel the cool night air. " Seen more than a few sun rises from here," he continued.

"I bet that is really somethin!", Shay replied as she looked over her shoulder back out over the view of lights. " Can we see it? Can we stay and watch the sun come up Ken?"

Ken looked down at her as a smile came over his face, " I would like to show you that Shay. It's going to get colder. I have a blanket in the trunk. And lots of body heat." That being said, Ken began to zip her jacket up.

Shay stood in place as Ken went after the blanket. When he made it back to her, they spread the blanket on the ground and removed their boots. Ken sat in the center and reached for her hand, pulling her down between his legs. Quickly, he pulled the blanket up, making a cocoon around them. 

They talked about everything from hockey to the color blue. From the time that Shay got into his car, the conversation never stopped. Ken felt Shay shiver a little as a slight breeze swished by them.
