 He came home tired and angry. All day long his boss wouldn't leave him alone. Not a moment's peace. What a day. So damn frustrating.

The moment he strode into the house she knew he'd had it rough today. "Bad day honey?"

He stripped of his suit jacket, "like you wouldn't believe. My boss is such an asshole. Pissed me right off today."

"I know how that feels. Working's for the birds."

"Yeah." He poured himself a drink and plunked down in his favorite Lazyboy chair. He loosened his tie and unbuttoned the top buttons on his shirt.

She knew just what to do. She'd make him forget all about his day. "Anything specific you want for dinner love?"

"Whatever you wanna make. I don't really care right now. I just want to relax and watch some TV maybe. Ok?"

"Mmm, sure. Whatever you want honey." A smile spread across her face. She unbuttoned her dress and let it pool around her ankles on the floor. Next she proceeded to strip off her bra and panties, they hit the floor as well.

She pulled the elastic from her hair and ran her fingers quickly through it. She shook her head lightly, causing it to fall about her shoulders, in a sexy manner. She took a deep breath and started walking toward her husband in the living room.

He was staring at the floor as he often did after a bad day. She knew this and it worked in her favor because she knew he wouldn't see her right away and she could surprise him.

She knelt before him and pressed her lips to his, bringing his head up. He opened his eyes and a startled look blew across his eyes. She kissed him again so he couldn't say anything about the state of her undress.

She brought her hand up to the fly on his pants and opened them so she could slide her hand in. As she did he tried unsuccessfully to bite back a groan. Quickly she moved her lips from his to where her hand was and before he could say anything she had taken him into her mouth.

God what a beautiful mouth she had too. His hands naturally fell to the back of her head, massaging there and her neck. She brought him to orgasm quite easily. He didn't even have time to warn her, it was so sudden. She didn't mind though. She drank it all down easily and without comment.

She brought her head up with a huge grin plastered on her face. He looked down at her with amazement. How could such a beautiful wonderful lady love him? He swiped his thumb across her chin, wiping up the only dribble she lost. Before he could wipe it away she took his thumb into her mouth and sucked it clean.

It made his cock even harder still. She stood up and looked down at him. A shy smile played across her lips and she bent over to unbutton and remove his shirt. Stunned and speechless he didn't move and said nothing at all.

She pulled him to his feet and started to remove his pants and boxers. He let her and stepped out of them when she motioned him to. She put a hand against his chest and pushed him down to the chair again.

She straddled him, tucked her bent legs beside his muscular ones in the chair. She rubbed her body up and down against him, letting his crisp hair brush her sensitive nipples, turning them to pebbles. He could feel them against his chest and let out a low growl of appreciation.

She smiled and let her lips brush against his rigid manhood. Her tongue found his mouth and began to lick at his lips and to probe deep into his mouth. His hands found her hips and he stroked them gently. She began to rub against his manhood more aggressively.

Without warning she took him deep into herself and settled there. She threw her arms around his neck and kissed his throat. He gently began to move her and he nibbled on her neck. Both closed their eyes and enjoyed one another for several long minutes.


She began to ride him harder and he groaned aloud. He thrust his hand into her hair and pulled her head back. She gasped and let him. He licked and nipped at her neck and collarbone. She moaned and wriggled against him, sending him a frenzy.

After only a few brief moments he climaxed again, pouring himself deep within her. She smiled and continued to ride him. This time it was hard and fast, he still had her neck exposed and continued to lick her. Slowly he made his way down to her breasts and commenced his dining there. Nipping and licking and biting her nipples sent her over the edge. Panting a calling his name she let flow a gut wrenching orgasm.

Her whole body shuddered and went weak. He held her against him closely until she could bring her equilibrium back into check. She felt him grow hard inside her again. She brought her head up and smiled, cocking her head to one side she looked down into his eyes, "ready already? My that didn't take very long did it?"

He smiled at her sheepishly and began slowly to untangle himself from her. "Not so fast lover." She got up and went over to the couch, bending over she wiggle her ass high in the air.

He took this as the invitation it was meant to be, and slid into her with ease. Feeling stronger then before he slammed into with great power. He grabbed her hair and pulled he head back. It felt good when he took her forcefully. She moaned and wriggled and panted.

It took only minutes for them both to reach a shattering orgasm. He exploded within her and collapsed against her back. She spasmed and shivered with the power of it.

Her body went weak and she slid to the carpeted floor. He lay next to her on the floor, "I didn't hurt you at all did I love? I didn't mean to it's just that . . ."

"No darling man, you didn't. I'm perfectly fine. In fact I couldn't have asked for more, that was incredible baby. Better than that even, indescribably wonderful honey."

He smiled against her neck and buried his face in her hair, taking in her scent. What would he do without her? That's one way to make his day. This was definitely the best surprise she sprung on him yet. With hopefully more to cum...