 IMPORTANT: Read "Her Victorian Bottom Plundered" before this follow up story. Thank you.

**

Part 1.

For awakened Prudence, the days had been sexually listless for Henry, her husband, was away on business.

The sunlight flickered through the swaying branches of the old oak tree which majestically dominated the farthest reaches of their garden, and which underneath Prudence sat in deepest thought whilst trying to read the Times. Thoughts that unbidden always returned to the past month and the miraculous change in her marriage to her dearest husband. "Dearest husband." she murmured with a smile. Dearest darkest husband. A slight breeze ruffled the pages of the newspaper as she took a sip of lemonade and placed the crystal on the small garden table next to her. Henry had been away a week and Prudence felt every solitary moment with every breath she took.

She was a changed woman. Her husband had changed her on that night a month past. She felt liberated. Unburdened by convention and free of thought; no matter how wanton. And it was her dearest husband who had taken and led her to be so. Her resistance had been born of upbringing and propriety which, in those twilight hours, he had stripped away leaving her a slave not only to his desires but, more importantly, to her own. She closed her eyes and let those desires wash over her in waves of lustful memory. Her lips parted slightly at the memory of his large member that had slipped so sweetly into her mouth, and which had brought forth such delicious agony as it had forced its way up her virgin bottom. The rose blushed.

Never again would she deny her true feelings in the matters of the physical relationship with her husband. The following morning they had lain naked together and talked as if at the beginning of a new journey of discovery, and of their new found understanding of needs to be satisfied. Such was their shared delight they had spent the morning in perpetual coitus that had left them both sated and exhausted. Prudence felt the bud of her bottom hole flutter as the fleeting vision of her naked husband standing over her as he forced his rigid cock into her forbidden fruit as she knelt gasping endearments on their large ruffled double bed. Shivering, Prudence fanned herself and wished that her dearest Henry return home soon.

In the distance, a maid was coming towards her carrying what appeared to be a small parcel in her grasp.

*

In her bedroom, Prudence sat at her dresser, and using a thin paper knife, opened the letter which was addressed to her. She recognised the writing.

It was from her husband.

"Dearest Prudence,

I hope this missive finds you and the children well. I miss you terribly dear heart and I am counting not only the days till my return but the very hours, minutes and seconds. The drudge of commerce is as ever thus and its wheel turns frustratingly slow but the good news is I suspect the outcome is fair and the rewards worthy of the effort afforded. Since my departure, I have had much time to consider recent events between us and at times I feel as if I shall nigh burst with the joy of it all. I feel a new man, Prudence. It is as if I have abandoned a shadow and walked unto a pure light that finally soothes my soul and blesses me with an inner peace. I give untold thanks to be rewarded with your favour and the knowledge that the spirit within you feels the same. I feel quite giddy with the thought that my desires for you are equally, if not more so, matched. Oh joy of joys. I do love you so, Prudence. We are at a time of life when there should be no secrets between man and wife.

The time apart is unbearable at times. To be with you in spirit and body is all that matters. My desire drips with lust at the very thought of our next encounter and the memory of your words "Be understood dearest Henry, thy imagination in the act of seeking pleasure is one I accept with eager anticipation. It is a small sadness that we shall never have the virginity of my orifices to partake again but let us not deny us both their endless pleasures and future possibilities." Fear not my love, for though the tingling sweetness of your mouth, pussy and arse shall be forever well used for as long as we live but I have recently, to my delight, discovered a new adventure which quickens my blood and am sure will find favour with you. I shall not speak of it in this letter but merely draw your attention to the parcel which accompanies this correspondence. It was a thing I came across a week ago in a small booksellers near to where I am staying and on perused sight I had to purchase. I wish you to read it before my return for I intend to follow its guidance and teachings. I warn you Prudence that it is a path which will test you both in body and spirit. It will change our relationship beyond measure and forever bind our love and trust. Be free of mind. Let thy imagination walk abroad. Read the book and await my return with as much anticipation as my own.

With deep love and admiration.

Your husband, Henry."

Prudence put the letter down and picked up the book shaped parcel. Carefully, she broke the wax seal, folded open the brown paper and removed the book. Turning it over, she stared at the title on the plain front cover.

"Oh my..." she gasped.

**

Two days later, Henry returned home.

At the gate he was met by one of the servants who took his baggage as he stepped from the carriage. In the distance, he could see his children playing on the long lawn and smiled for there was no greater feeling than returning to the bosom of his family. He made his way up the gravel path towards the main house and saw that his wife was waiting for him on the steps. At the sight of her he felt the man in him awaken for she was a vision in curls and windswept frills. So very feminine. So perfect in every way. He stopped and looked up at her with a wide grin.

"Dearest wife." he said as he took her bare hand.

Prudence gave a slight curtsey. "Dearest husband, welcome home." She felt him grip her hand tighter. Her dainty hand looked so small in his. His hand. His large hand. She shivered and saw him smile with secret understanding. Oh, the cad!! He now knows me so well. She suspected after tonight he would know her even better. All because of that book. That book of vice.

"I trust I find you well and that the household has not run amok whilst I was away." he laughed.

Prudence shook her head. "Indeed not Sir," she replied. Her eyes were sparkling. "You of all people should know that firm discipline and a sturdy hand is all that is required to keep a loved one in line."

Their eyes met. Henry, aware that his household retinue were waiting to welcome him home, stifled a laugh. She understood. The rules of their new little adventure. She was truly a special woman and he would always be grateful that she was his. Would that the day become the night in the twinkling of an eye!! He raised her hand to his lips and kissed it gently. "That the loved one understands that firm discipline and a firm hand can have unexpected benefits is a thing to admire. I suspect we shall discuss their merits in more detail later."

His wife curtseyed again. "I shall await with anticipation, dearest husband."

At the sound of shouts, he turned to find his children running towards him with the unbridled enthusiasm of the youth. He was home and he was happy. For now he had presents to give, stories to tell and bags to unpack. Much later he would do his husbandly duty and service his beautiful spouse by way of that book.

*

Part 2.

There is no place like home. The reassuring comforts of the familiar and the deep love of family are truly the only things of worth mused Henry as he watched his children opening their gifts he had brought them from his business trip. His wife was sat in a fireside chair laughing and playfully joining in the excited chatter as she opened her own gift – a silver crescent moon on a crafted chain. As he stared at her she lifted her gaze to his. At that moment, no words could ever express his ever lasting worship of this woman. This woman, who a month ago, had let go the reserve that she had been born with and found her true sexuality. She was his to do with as was his desire. In life, at his side, an equal, but when alone together in their chambers, a submissive to her own needs. His mind recalled a passage in the book:

"To be submissive is to bestow the gift of trust to the dominant. It is the nature of this character that true inner self discovery and satisfaction can only be found at the order of another. That gift of trust should always be treated with the utmost respect, sincerity and understanding. This is never more so when the kiss of pain is used in the pursuit of pleasure.."

Henry felt his ardour stir. His stared deep into her soul. He saw her mouth part slightly and her face flush for his own was an open book of desire and lust. The hour was late and for them both more important matters were beginning to arise.

Prudence turned to a maid. "The hour is late, Polly." she smiled. "Take the children to their room and see to it they take to their beds. It has been a long and tiring day."

Polly, a comely lass from the Shires, bobbed a curtsey. "Yes Ma'am."

Prudence watched with a smile as the maid shushed her children out of the room towards the stairs. It was then she turned to her husband. There was a moment of silence as they stared at each other. She could feel the deep thudding of her heart for the moment was at hand – literally.

"Did you read the book?" he asked suddenly.

She nodded. "Yes. Yes I have."

Henry picked up his glass of wine and put it to his lips. "And?"

His wife glanced away for a moment. What had she thought? An unexpectedly thrilling surprise mixed with a shiver of trepidation for one thing. She was more surprised he'd actually bought the book to begin with! But things were different now. Her husband was a changed man. More fool her for not seeing that until a month ago he had been living a secluded lie with his true nature kept in check for the sake of marital propriety. That her love should live all those years with such a burden for no other reason that he imagined his needs would be most upsetting to her was a shame felt deep within her. Thank God he had made her see him as his true self and that by doing so he had set her free into the bargain. This book was another step towards that freedom they both felt. But this book was no small matter for it would take her beyond the sexual into a whole new world. It is fair to say that most of what she read had shocked her.

But the greatest surprise was that, with the last page read, that initial shock had manifested itself into one of eager anticipation. To anticipate and experience the motivations and reasoning's within each page. Each page describing the pursuit of pleasure through the affliction of pain.

She hesitated before answering. "Husband, it is through you that I have discovered that I am a sexual vessel and that the only limits are those of my imagination. With our physical satisfaction, I have found a calm within that has changed who I am for the better. Your demands for my body have made me feel more of a woman than anything ever could and I love you more for it. When you.." she paused, flushing slightly. "When you fuck me I know you fuck me with a desire born out of shared love and the need to trust you. I have read the book. And if you want us both to try out those things within I do so eagerly for the trust I have in you is without question."

Henry slowly nodded. "I have missed you wife. Let us retire and partake on this new adventure."

**

Part 3.

Henry turned the key to their bedroom door and locked it. He looked at his wife who was standing beside their large double bed watching him. In her hand was the book he had bought for them both.

Prudence smiled and read out the title. "The Pursuit of Pleasure through Pain. An essay on the art of flagellation and spanking of the female posterior by Miss Asher of East Riding."

Henry walked to his wife's side and wrapped his arms around her. "Nothing like a female writer to get straight to the point." he laughed. He rested his chin on her shoulder and rubbed his stiffening groin against her full bottom. "Hmmmm, I have missed this so much these past days. No damnation is greater than the torment from being away from you."

Prudence flicked through the pages of the book. In amongst the text were drawings of figures posing and outlandish implements that made her gasp at their intent. She closed her eyes as he nuzzled her neck and a brief vision of her husband's brass buckled long leather belt made her heart beat faster. Across her bottom? The very thought made her go weak at the knee. To be thrashed across her naked derriere with such a fearsome weapon was a most sobering thought. How was one to find pleasure in the obvious pain that would bring? But if such a thing were possible, as Miss Asher attested in her book, then she would find it with her dear hearts efforts.

"Do you wish me to undress, husband?" she asked softly. Against her backside, she could feel the length and girth of his cock growing in his breeches. A sore bottom would mean many things this night she imagined. "What do you wish to do to my bottom?"

Henry shook his head as he let her go. "No. I think it will be more entertaining to have our first experience by way of searching for your bottom underneath a maze of skirts, petticoats and bloomer. We shall start at the first chapter as novices and work our way through each subsequent chapters as and when time and our desires require." He sat on the end of their bed and patted his lap. "Methinks over here, dearest. What is the chapter title?"

Prudence had no need to check for she knew each by heart. "Umm," she mumbled. "The Kiss of His Hand: the basics of a good hard spanking."

Henry grinned at the unsure look on his beloveds face. "Fret not, Prudence." he said with some amusement. "With thy help – and bottom – I am sure I will in time and with practice make a most accomplished spanker."

Prudence took his hand. "Of that I have no doubt, Sir. I am sure my bottom will complain at each lesson you learn. Shall I lie fully across thy lap and bed?"

"I can think of no more worthy place, dearest." he agreed. "Such a pose will leave your bottom in a most vulnerable state." Taking her hand, he guided his wife across his lap until the enticing swell of her arse was displayed to perfection under his gaze. "Splendid." he exclaimed as he gave her a tap. "Are you ready? Shall we begin?" He briefly flicked through the relevant chapter before setting aside the book on the bedside table.

Prudence lowered her head and rested her brow on crossed arms. "I am, husband though I suspect a map may come in handy in order to find the object of your affection beneath so many layers of cloth."

Henry reached down, grasped the first layer of her dress, and tugged it up over her bottom and folded it neatly across her back. Then another, and another. He smiled for it was like unwrapping some exotic present at Micklemas. One wrapping at a time. With each layer removed the shape of her bottom became more and more pronounced. And what a splendid bottom it was. Very much an English bottom. Full and creamy without a blemish. His wife was blessed with a body sculpted by a master. Firm of bosom, wide of hip and sturdy of backside. The idea of chastising it in a sexual way made him wonder why the thought hadn't crossed his mind long ago.

"Be careful of my petticoats, Henry." whispered Prudence. "They are of the finest stitch and weave." She gave a gasp for her husband had suddenly grasped both mounds of her bottom and gave them a strong squeeze. "Ah, dearest. Thy ministrations are stirring the heat in my loins."

"As my intent, love." said Henry as he lifted her petticoats carefully away for they were of the finest stitch and weave, and did cost a pretty penny. All that lay between flesh on flesh were a pair of crisp white bloomers buttoned down the back. His breath caught in his throat for the sight was magnificent. The thrust of her rear was most becoming and stoked the quickening thrill of his ardour. After he spanked her bare bottom he well intended to fuck her juicy cunt until she begged him to stop – a situation he doubt would ever arise. And a juicy cunt it would be for even before he had laid a hand on her bottom she was gently rubbing her sex on his thigh.

In anticipation, Prudence closed her eyes and wondered why nothing was happening. Now that the moment of her first spanking was at hand she was both eager and curious to savour its taste. "Hmmmm, Henry," she whimpered. "When are you going to undo the buttons and bare my bottom for I think I am rea..OWWWWWWWW!!"

Prudence gasped for her husband had slapped her hard across her bloomers with much gusto. No gentle pat that. The crack of the spank rebounded around their bedroom like a mid summer thunderclap. She kicked her heels and twisted to look at him with surprise. The cur was grinning at her like a Cheshire cat!! Insufferable man. "HUSBAND!!" she gasped. "A word to let me prepare for that smarted!!!"

Henry jiggled the offended cheek. "Forgive me, dear heart. The temptation to tinker was too great to resist. I must say I enjoyed that. Does it sting like a bee?"

Prudence reached around and rubbed her right posterior. "Oooo, it does. What a strange feeling. I think you had better larump the other cheek to even the score."

"Nothing would give me greater pleasure, pumpkin." nodded Henry in agreement. "I must say, a man could get used to this sport and want much more." Raising his right hand, he walloped the virgin left cheek with a firm and meaty slap.

"Eeeek!!" squealed Prudence as the sting made her see fireworks. "Not so HARD!!"

*

Henry mopped his brow for this spanking lark was surprisingly hard work. Especially so because of the effort required to keep his wife firmly across his lap after each robust spank. He glanced down and saw that her bottom protruded between the gap in her bloomers like an angry red apple. An apple he intended to take a bite of sooner rather than later.

Spanking his wife had been a most illuminating experience. The act was so very visceral and physical. Each spank had Prudence twisting and crying but never straying from her position in truth. Struggled yes, but that was only to be expected for once he had undone the buttons of her bloomers, he spanked her bare bottom with some vigour. It had been absolutely wonderful and he let his wife gather her thoughts and emotions as she lay softly sobbing over his lap.

Prudence turned her head to look at her lord and master. Oof!! So THAT was what a proper spanking was like. It really really did sting horrid. Her bottom felt twice its normal size and throbbed like a sore tooth. But the most surprising thing was she felt such a languid ease all over. After many spanks, the pain had swelled, crested and ebbed away to leave her with a warm glow radiating from her belaboured behind. Such a feeling was most agreeable. She felt hot from top to toe and the cusp of her femininity was boiling and brimful of want. Her husband really must do something about that forthwith or she would lose her mind!!

"Hmmmm, Henry, I...I think you need to.." she murmured. Involuntary, she rubbed her sex against his obvious arousal.

Henry gave a curse. He nodded. "Indeed, Prudence," he grunted as he turned her over and began to fumble with the laces of his breeches. "If I do not release my cock I shall end up strangling the bugger!!"

Prudence laughed as she watched him staggering around trying to open his stays. "I shall most definitely NOT be pleased if you throttle that cock of yours, Henry." she giggled. "T'would be a heinous crime for such a magnificent beast not to be able to service its duty. Really Henry, foresight should have told you to remove your britches before you set about spanking your beloved."
