 The hour is late. Solemnly he holds out the freshly shuffled deck of cards. Equally as serious, she cuts the deck. He draws the top card and cuts the deck for her. Eyes in constant contact she flips her card as he flipped his -- hers revealing the Queen of Diamonds, his a lowly ten of spades.

"Are you sure? We could draw again -- best two out of three?"

Her voice sounding slightly strained as she answers his eager plea. "You know the rules."

Sighing in mock resignation -- his body already beginning to respond to her "win" he transfers the deck of cards to a bedside table and flops his body at an angle across the King sized bed. "I'm all yours -- do with me what you will."

Now that her turn has come -- she is nervous -- oh, not nervous of her lover -- not worried that anything will go wrong....well, not really at least...this was the first time she'd ever ventured this far into fantasy....would he find it too kinky? Perverted? 

Noting the twinkle in his eye, she straddles his body -- still clothed -- and reaches to open a drawer in the bedside stand. Almost without intention, his right hand reaches up to lightly stroke her back...her hair...so often they lose themselves in each other -- any scripted intentions long forgotten in their long hours of love-making....delicious...erotic...imaginative...

"No touching." She tries for a stern tone of voice -- but even his most casual touch bypasses her defenses -- combining the erotic intensity of their physicality with the unparalleled depth of their love and commitment...

Obediently, he lets her straighten up with whatever she had retrieved from the drawer held behind her back. Still straddling him...her skirt almost touching the bed on one side of his legs, her other leg knee down on his other side, but the skirt having caught on itself revealing several inches of smooth thigh for his viewing pleasure. 

She sees his expression...deliberately sliding her gaze down to the growing bulge in his jeans...sliding her unoccupied hand down the outside edge of his jeans as she eases off the bed...With a last admonition of "Stay put. Don't move a muscle...at least not any of those that you can control. Oh -- I changed my mind - while I'm getting our...supplies ready, just slip off those tight jeans so I can see those incredible legs."

With no fear that he would disobey, she glides around the corner and retrieves something else that would add some interesting fun to their night. Quickly shucking her panties and skirt, unbuttoning her blouse takes too long so its buttons get stressed as she impatiently pulls it over her head - - making an impatient sound as it gets stuck comically on her head...

"Having trouble, love? I'll take your turn if you're not up to it, darling...after all...last time is a hard act to follow..." He chuckles, loving the way that he can tease and almost taunt her...his love taking any sting out of the words.

His breath catches as she comes around the corner...wearing high heels that he knows she won't keep on for long...an old fashioned garter belt with thigh-high stockings...a push-up bra that uses a mere suggestion of substance to pull together her small, beautifully responsive breasts. He can feel his cock come to attention, tenting his briefs...another item of clothing not likely to remain on for long...

As she approaches the bed, his expression brings the sexual self-confidence back to her face...she almost purrs as she says "give me your arm."

He complies and she lightly ties a silk scarf around his right arm...looping the other end around the old-fashioned bedpost and tying it so that he could rest his arm on top of the bed but not so loosely that he could touch her.

"This is new. Interesting. Now do you make me your love slave?"

She bends over -- untying the knot on the bedpost.

"I was just teasing, love -- please continue -- I'll stop talking" She breaks character enough to pile on top of him with a passionate kiss on his lips.

"I forgot to take your shirt off. You like that shirt so I don't want to have to cut it off -- so take off your shirt like a good little love slave and then I'll get back to torturing you."

The shirt gives a slight ripping sound as he wastes no time in peeling it off and throwing it haphazardly into another corner of the room.

Her giggle stands in lovely contradiction to the colorful silk bonds that she spills carelessly on his lower stomach....their silky touch sliding over his skin and tightening his erection until he half-expects it to poke through his briefs independent of any help...

She carefully reties his arm to the bedpost, making the knots secure but with a slip knot finish that he could ALMOST reach with his thumbs....if he could work those slip knot ends into his palms...she ties the other arm in similar fashion...straddling his body with her rear facing him...her lovely pantyless bottom facing him, enhanced by the black garter and sheer black thigh-highs...too far for him to reach even though he strains his neck upward....

An impatient noise from her...the silken scarves are not quite long enough to reach around the foot posts...

"Darn it - - you're just going to have to not move your legs."

Turning, she pushes his legs spread as far as they comfortably can be. She runs a fingernail up his left inner thigh and he forces his legs rigid to maintain the requisite stillness. A becoming flush lights her cheeks as she brings out her final prize...a bottle of whipped cream...

She shakes it and in a husky voice "Now stay still -- this will be cold." And oh, it was!

He shivers as she creates a line of whipped cream up his inner thighs...leaving a round spot on his right testicle and following his cock up and then down as it bounces in appreciation to her erotic attention...the other ball gets the same treatment and then she abandons the bottle...with a sexy husky chuckle she straddles his legs once more...this time deliberately keeping her obviously aroused body just out of his reach...even if he managed to get that silk tie end more fully into his hand....just another inch or so and he could....oh, my God!

Her tongue began its sweet journey at the end of the trail of whipped cream...about six inches down his inner thigh...after mere seconds of this blissful torture, she reaches the apex of his thigh...thoroughly sweeping tongue making short work of the cream but returning and flicking back and forth and in tiny circles to make certain that she has eliminated every drop.

His breath came in short gasps. Uncertain whether he wanted to reach the tie ends fully and regain his freedom. 

She raises her head, a tiny trace of whipped cream still visible at one corner of her lovely mouth. Carefully repositioning her flexible legs she rises with her legs still on either side of him, pushed up with knees and hands to lower her mouth to his...he can taste only the sweetness of the whipped cream...their tongues dancing...his arms involuntarily straining against the bonds...she lifts her mouth and while thought is still possible, he mentally curses that his movement has lost the tie ends to his palms again - - he would count on his own self discipline and control to - - oh, my God! She had returned to her creamy treasure....putting his entire ball into her mouth...licking with swirling curling motions of her tongue but never releasing with her whole mouth...her lips joined by her fingers which replaced her mouth on the now quite clean and very happy ball...Gently she kneads him as she continues licking off her tasty whipped cream dessert with obvious enjoyment.

She has positioned herself differently and he has to rely on his own interpretation of the cadence of her breathing - - her lusty pauses, the way she unconsciously tightens her own body in reaction to his own growing excitement...how he wants to plunge into her - - taking them both instantly from teasing to wordless uninhibited fulfillment...at the same time, that tongue should be a registered weapon!

Eons later...she has fully claimed her treat...stocking feet on either side of him...panting slightly as she assesses his readiness...his angle for a hands-free entry as she slowly lowers herself on him...Knowing that he would have one critical moment when she was totally distracted - - captured by the incredible sensations created every time he was fully inside her...he waits for his moment...the critical moment when she gasps his name...game forgotten...at least by her...in an instant, both silk scarves are loosed from the bedposts....he gives her half a beat to recognize the change in the game...then with a growl he reaches up to take command of her body - - flipping her abruptly over onto her back...moving with her so that they arrive at their new positioning with the tip of his cock still inside her now pulsing pussy...his hand tenderly cradling her head so that the violence of their move was symbolic only - - 

His eyes met hers and when he spoke -- his voice still holding a growl "My turn". She could only gasp "Yes" -- her chin tipping up as she arches her back...body tight in anticipation...small adorable whine as he withdrew from her more fully...he plunges into her...the full length of his cock extending as far as her body will allow...the force of his stroke bringing her neck even further back...thankful for the empty house as her scream rewards his bold moves...

Pausing for an instant inside her -- making that slight circular motion she loves so well...he withdraws once again only to plunge in again...this time the scream not quite so loud as her body accommodates his length...her muscular legs pushing up against the bed to somehow bring him deeper still...they continue in this pattern until her wetness covers him and the musky smell of their passion fills the air...light sheen of sweat on them both...his, hers...mingled with the scents and sounds...moving her with his hands he exits her body...she unable to control pushing up her ass as he positions her on her hands and knees...he rubs the wetness between her legs once...twice...using the wetness to ensure that the lubrication provided would be enough for their next adventure...

Her gasping breath changing tempo once more as she recognizes his action...his finger pushing gently against her tight firmness...gaining entrance and moving gently as she clenches her hands against the rumpled sheets of their bed...

"We'll take it slowly, love -- we have all night." He has lowered his body over hers...covering her like a blanket...her trembling a mingled combination of excitement, anticipation and even an edge of tension at this new game they would play...

In a slower motion he pushes his cock into her eager pussy once more...even in her wetness he can feel those muscles of hers tightening around him...with a shuddering sigh he withdraws...positioning the tip of his cock at her other entrance...this one more unfamiliar to his touch...reaching around her with one arm he finds her clitoris -- partially entering with one finger -- making a teasing arousing pattern as he pushes in with his cock...sliding slightly into her nether entrance...both gasping -- the tightness almost too much -- he worries that he is hurting her...she tenses against the unfamiliar sensation but after their stillness has eased the newness...her body begins to open and he pushes another slight movement...fingers never still as they continue to bring her pleasure...her body pulsing with the flooding sensations...both are surprised as his slight forward pressure is suddenly rewarded with movement and in just a few seconds he is fully inside of her...his fingers suddenly at an angle making it a challenge to reach under and find her clitoris...instead he lays his body fully on top of hers...

Bodies joined...her trembling arms seeking and finding his...hands entwined...he makes a slow pull and push and she gasps out "too much"...he reaches around under her again...angling his body slightly so that he can bring her body back to the edge of orgasm...using the two-fingered clitoral play that makes all the difference...schooling himself to stillness he waits for her beautiful body to respond...to give him the information on how to bring her to new heights...he stokes and enters with his fingers again and again...his cock still hard inside her...tiny pulses as close to stillness as he can manage...

Her body begins to move and he ceases his own motion...letting her body set the pace...he gasps as she forces a longer thrust from him...her impaled ass tight against him as her voice rises from whisper to urgent half-scream..."Yes...please! Now -- Now!"

Unbelievably he can feel her body course with more fluid...the incredible tightness made even tighter by her orgasm...the tightness bringing his body to its release and they jump over the cliff together...orgasmic bliss joining their bodies as he moves to hold her close...not wanting to sacrifice the closeness of their joining but suddenly needing more of her touch...hands entwined again...he can feel his jumping heart beating against her back...as his cock grows softer he doesn't resist its motion as it exits her body...suddenly shy with this previously unexperienced intimacy...she is blushing as he tenderly turns her body...rolling with her so that they are face to face...her on top again...the silken ties still dangling from his wrists...

He lightly wraps the untied end of one scarf around her wrist too...binding them together although they needed no props for that...later they would shower...also together...after all, how else could they really get their backs clean...for now no words are spoken...he kisses her tenderly along her jawline...she would be sore tomorrow...

"So..." between kisses to the corner of her mouth -- still a lingering taste of whipped cream..."Was I an acceptable love slave?"

She snuggles close -- slipping to one side of him -- their mingled fluids making a change of sheets probable before any sleeping portion of the night...one leg draped over him in that way she has...claiming him with every touch..."You're a horrible love slave. Very disobedient." 

She loves how his laugh rumbles in his chest..."So...assuming that I can walk tomorrow...do you want to use the scarves for your turn?

He is silent for a long, speculative moment..."I'm thinking...yes, I'll need the scarves and a few more things..." He'd stop by a particular store on his way home sometime so he'd be ready for his turn...