 Copyright © 2006 by licapeba. All rights reserved. This work may not be reproduced anywhere in any form without written permission from the author.

*

The morning sun woke me, dappling our bed, dancing soft little shadows and brilliant splashes of light about the bed and the room as the trees outside gently swayed in the morning breeze, filtering the sun pouring into our room. As the sleep cleared from my eyes, I pushed myself up on an elbow to enjoy the scene. My wife was stretched out beside me under mountains of sheet and pillowy down comforter, only the top of her head peeking out. It was Saturday morning. Our teenagers would be sound asleep for hours more after their late-night party. There were no urgent tasks beckoning. A perfect, sparkling morning.

My wife stirred and turned her face towards me -- she was lying on her front. She murmured a quiet, "Good morning," and slid her smooth leg over to rub it against mine. The top sheet and comforter were rumpled in a terrible mess together on top of us both, but especially over my wife who liked to be excessively-warm in bed. We had made love the night before for over an hour and a half - very, very unusual in our busy lives - and in the athletics of giving and taking pleasure had pulled the covers from their moorings. When I had at last exhausted my wife's unusually-strong passion, and she had drained my own, we had fallen asleep in each others' arms without the energy to re-make the bed.

"Hi, my love," I said, "sleep well?"

"Mmmmmmmmmmmm," she breathed. "We should bottle what we did last night; it would make anyone sleep well."

"Yeah," I said with feigned indifference, "it was OK I guess. Not the worst I've had."

Her leg quickly left mine, and I heard it skimming back across the bed sheet before I felt her not-so-gentle kick. I chuckled and momentarily considered a retort, but then noticed that her kick had pulled some of the loose, rumpled bed coverings off of her.

Her non-kicking leg and most of her soft, deliciously-curved bum had been exposed to the dappled morning sunshine. The gentle slopes were being caressed by the moving patterns of light. My full attention was immediately prisoner to the spectacular sight, the full cheeks, the light playing across them and into the shadowy cleft hiding her secret treasures, the smoothness of her baby-soft inner thigh and long leg. I watched the enticing display of playing light and soft curves for what seemed like minutes, but was probably only seconds, before I succumbed to the imperative to touch the magnificence before me. My wife's bum was absolutely perfect, soft, full, gently-curved; often a symphony in erotic motion, and resisting it was pretty much impossible for me. My cock, so completely sated just the night before, began to swell quickly as I reached for her.

I began dancing barely-touching fingertips around on the smooth softness before me, up from her hip, over the soft cheek, into the warm crevice, down onto her soft thigh, and back up again. Absolutely marvellous, I could do it for hours. But after a minute or so I said, "You really deserve a spanking for that kick you gave me."

"Oh, spank me, spank me!" she said, not at all convincingly. She was just playing along; I knew she wasn't inviting any spanking play. She wasn't into that, to my chagrin, not even as gentle and sensual as I wanted it to be. So I just patted her bum lightly a few times as she squirmed playfully, and then let my hand continue its delightful exploration of her soft curves.

Soon, though, that didn't seem a fitting-enough tribute to the sight before me. I swung myself around on the bed and, feeling my excitement grow, began planting butterfly kisses around her bum, on the side, at the peak, down into the warm crevice, down onto her thigh, while the dappled light danced around me. I caressed the smooth softness with my lips and nose, moving all over her warm skin as far as I could crane my neck, all over her bum, down her thighs, up her back. I let my dancing fingers stray beneath her bum occasionally, ever-so-gently teasing around the outside of her soft, hairless pussy lips. It was of course not unpleasant for me, but I hoped that she too was feeling the love and tenderness of my touch, and maybe some excitement too.

She did wiggle her bum appreciatively after a minute or two of this attention, but then she turned it away from me and reached down to pull me up into a warm embrace. It was often like this... she seemed embarrassed when I paid too much attention to her bum. But, she had other wonderful parts. I sank into the softness of her lips, enjoying the feeling of her warm breasts against my chest and the rest of her meeting the rest of me in soft, warm supplication.

I kneaded up and down her back for a while, both of us lying on our sides facing each other. I worked my way with one hand using moderate, slow pressure up both sides of her spine, around her neck and shoulders, and back down again, all the way down and over her bum, and then back up again. From time to time I pulled her into another long, soft kiss, or kissed gently around her neck and down onto her breast nearest me. Sometimes I lingered on her breast, kissing, teasing very gently with the tip of my tongue around the areola and the nipple. This was a typical prelude for us, a kind of foreplay-with-massage that often got her in the mood for something more. Even though last night had been unusually passionate and we had done some different things, I was following the usual routine this morning. Soon, I felt I could continue.

I pulled back, sliding my hand gently down her flat stomach, over her tiny, perfectly-trimmed patch of hair, and slid two fingers between her warm thighs and over the puffy lips of her smooth sex. Very gently, I began rolling and rotating the fingers over the top of her lips, moving the soft folds under my fingers and feeling for growth in the little bump of her magic button that would signal her growing excitement. It was the usual next step in the well-ordered way my wife generally preferred lovemaking to proceed.

However, after only ten seconds or so she closed her legs on my fingers and pushed herself up to give me a warm kiss. "Thank you," she said. "That was a wonderful backrub, but I'm a bit tender from last night. Can I give you a rain check for tonight?"

"Of course," I said, and I meant it, but I guess a flicker of the disappointment I felt played into my face because she immediately looked sympathetic.

"Oh, I'm sorry," she said, and drew me into a warm embrace. "I let you think you were warming me up and then I let you down." After holding me for a moment, warm breasts pressed against my chest, she whispered into my ear. "I know the big fella down there has more stamina than I do. Can I just do something for him?" She reached down and gave my semi-stiff cock a gentle squeeze. It responded in the affirmative, stiffening more as she held it in her warm hand, and I answered her question with a grateful kiss.

"This one is on me," she said. "It's my treat." She pushed me gently down against the bed, and nudged my arms into place along my sides. "Just relax, don't move." Most of my body obeyed. My cock though, moved a little, bouncing and surging with excited anticipation.

She slid her warm body over mine and began with a long, soft kiss, gently probing her sweet tongue against mine while she wriggled deliciously against the length of my body. My cock, trapped in warm softness somewhere beneath her, responded favourably as it was rolled around between us.

She then kissed her way very slowly downwards, dragging her nipples over me as she moved, kissing my chin, my ears, my neck, my chest. She lingered over each of my own nipples, knowing that they were hard-wired to my pleasure center, and she spent minutes working on them with her tongue and lips, occasionally grazing them ever-so-lightly with her teeth. The resulting persistent jolts of pleasure drew a moan from me and, despite my orders, I raised my hands from my sides to glide gently over her soft sides and back and bum, stroking her in appreciation for her tender ministrations.

Eventually she left my nipples, continuing her slow, exquisite journey down my torso, kissing softly, sometimes flicking with her tongue against my increasingly-sensitive skin.

When she reached my cock, I thought the main event was about to begin. Customarily when in that position she would suck me for a while, sometimes finishing me off inside her soft mouth but more often just teasing me inside it for a while and then pulling off to stroke with her hand or direct me into her pussy. This time, though, she just kissed over it and around it for a few moments before continuing downwards, down onto my thighs, still dragging her breasts over me, all the way down and off the bed until she pressed her breasts warmly, softly, into the tops of my feet and hugged my legs. I wriggled my feet appreciatively against the soft pillows as she looked up at me, seeming to seek the approval in my eyes, or pausing for effect, or perhaps even thinking about what to do next.

She didn't make me wait long. A flash of teasing excitement passed through her eyes, a look that I didn't often see in lovemaking with her, and I stiffened a little in anticipation.

She climbed back up onto the bed and, moving more quickly than before, she kissed her way back up my legs and then settled between them, nudging them apart with her elbows. She dipped her head deep between my wide-spread legs, only her forehead visible above my stiff cock, and waited, just breathing on me for a few tantalizing seconds. Then, setting the broad flat of her tongue against my balls, she began to lick, slowly, gently, working her way all around my ball sack, as though she was leisurely cleaning up a melting ice cream cone. Oh man, this was new, and it was fantastic!

Lick after persistent lick, each one gently moving my balls as her fingers danced lightly over my stomach, up my sides, over my nipples. Each long lick would end near the base of my cock, and I soon began to strain upwards in a vain attempt to get her to continue the journey with her tongue onto the usual center of my excitement, but she was teasing me. She would pull back, breath seemingly-icy air over my balls for a second, and then swoop down below again, starting near my perineum and slowly, tenderly, hotly, lick towards the top of my balls again, one side, the other side, right up the middle between them. 

Each time her head rose from below, her beautiful clear blue eyes appeared above my cock and locked onto mine, watching me, urging me, as I became more and more excited at her new trick. After she had blown cool air over my ball sack a few times it shrivelled up tight like an orange, but she kept working at the rippled surface, nudging and caressing and flicking against the tightly-wrinkled bag. Her soft tongue now blazed with heat on the cold skin of my scrotum, I could feel every movement of the wriggling hot licks and gentle flicks against my balls. Her fingers spent more time on my nipples than anywhere else, flicking little jolts of pleasure into them that raced down my spine to my now-dribbling cock to force out new pulses of pre-cum.

Her ministrations were spectacularly pleasurable, but after a while the anticipation of her probable next move got me thinking that it was a frantic need. I began pulling lightly at her arms with my fingers, trying not-so-subtly to get her attention onto the cock I was straining up in front of her face. Her eyes now danced with teasing humour as she ignored my silent -- but obvious -- entreaties. She kept dropping down again for one long, hot, squiggling lick after another. Each one would almost make me forget my need, but not quite, and I would pull at her again.

Eventually she did relent. But she didn't take my cock into her hot mouth and pump for glory, much as I already wanted her to do that. Again she worked it like a summer treat, a long Popsicle to be licked in long slow strokes from bottom to top. The entire length of my shaft, especially the sides and the exquisitely-sensitive bottom, was treated to her gentle attentions. Soon, it too was icy-cool from evaporating spit and pre-cum, and each long, languorous lick of her soft tongue seemed to almost burn, deliciously, up the shaft. Her licks were excruciatingly long, agonizingly exciting, as she took five to ten seconds to drag her tongue slowly up the length of my cock, wriggling and squiggling it along the way, before starting over at the bottom again. Only occasionally did she take the head into her mouth to hotly swirl her tongue around on it for a few seconds, but each time she let it pop out to continue her long, loving traverses along the shaft with her wriggling tongue.

Again, her eyes hardly ever left mine as she watched me get more and more excited. That was almost as exciting as anything else; her eyes seemed at the same time to be glowing with tenderness and sparkling with good-natured teasing at the state she was putting me in. From time to time, I must admit, my eyes did leave hers for a moment, drawn to the sight of her soft, glistening, pink tongue spread flat against my purple-hard, straining cock, as she laved her love into me with tender strokes. I raised my hips off the bed, needlessly straining to press myself against her hot tongue, and she slipped a hand under me and began pulling her fingers gently through the crack of my bum. I gasped, and groaned, and groaned again.

Just when I thought I could take no more and two or three strokes inside her hot mouth would drain me forever, she stopped altogether. She raised herself on her arms, tightened them to squeeze her breasts close together, and then lowered the hot, soft pillows onto my cool, slick cock. Wow! Another new one! Even though she'd never done this before either, I thought I knew what she was up to, and immediately stroked once, twice, three times into the softness and warmth between her breasts before she stopped me. "Sshhhhhhhh," she said, "take it easy." She smiled tenderly at me. "Let's make it a long one. Remember, it's my treat."

She was right, of course. The orgasm I thought I desperately wanted would be great, but getting there was more than half the fun. I stopped moving, my hard cock literally pulsing with an averted orgasm -- I had been so close -- and relaxed into her tenderness and warmth. She put her chin on my stomach and smiled up at me. "Almost had you there, did I?" she said, as she felt my cock pulsing against her breasts. "Naw." I lied, trying to control my breathing, "I think I was starting to get interested though, don't get discouraged." Her head bobbed on my stomach as I chuckled at my own joke, and she rolled her eyes and smiled back at me before laying her soft cheek on my stomach. Her hair brushed against me, and she reached up to lay her hands lightly over my arms as I began caressing her hair, her cheek, her neck, and her shoulders and back.

We lay there for minutes, murmuring quiet endearments and gently caressing each other. From time to time I would push once or twice with my hips, sliding my cock through the warm caress of her breasts just often enough to keep it excited. Each thrust was delicious, of course, but the overall warmth and tenderness of our joining was a high in itself. The softness of my wife's body brushed against me everywhere, from her hands on my arms, to her cheek and warm breath against my stomach, to her breasts hotly squeezing my cock and balls, to her hips and bum brushing against my thighs, to her smooth calves resting against my legs... everywhere the contact was exhilarating.

After a while, though, the moisture which had slickened my cock evaporated in the hot embrace of my wife's pillowy breasts. Now when I pushed my cock into the soft heat, seeking a thrill to keep it alive, it was less pleasant trying to slide through the growing stickiness there. Of course my wife could feel it too. After a few sticky strokes she pushed herself back, pursed her lips and laid spit along the still-very-sensitive underside, spreading it around with her tongue, before dropping back down to wrap her breasts warmly around my cock again. I took her head in both my hands, locking into her eyes, as I began to strain purposefully into her soft pillows. I thought that was her plan!

I was wrong. Again, she was watching me intently, lovingly. Her fingers flicked again at my nipples while her clear blue eyes bored into mine. I stroked between the smooth pillows of her breasts, straining towards a release that was just out of reach, three more, two more, one more, the next one would do it... but then she pushed herself off me again, teasing, pleased with herself, as my cock jerked again with another averted orgasm. I might have groaned my frustration - I felt like doing it -- but the dancing light in her eyes, her teasing smile, and especially her gentle, soft squirming and wriggling against me as she began dragging herself up my body, stopped me from doing it.

She kissed her way up, pecking, dabbing quickly with her tongue, moving more quickly than she had on her wonderful downward journey some minutes before. Her nipples dragged lightly over my thighs, and then up over my center and onto my stomach. Occasionally as she moved, she would press a warm breast press down against me, and the nipple's acute point of contact would seem to disappear, swallowed by the soft, warm embrace of her breast.

As her head neared my own, she swung herself off to one side, knees and smooth calves gripping the sides of my left leg, and slowly lowered her body over me again, bringing her pink tongue to within an inch of one of my nipples, waiting, teasing me. Then she wrapped her now-cool hand very gently around my still-purple cock and, stroking lightly down, all the way to the base, she lowered her hot tongue onto my nipple once more. The result was no less electrifying than it had been earlier. Again, in moments, I felt close to the edge, and she again slowed, pacing me frustratingly, perfectly. My hands floated over her, caressing every part of her that I could reach. I lifted my face up to kiss the top of her head, the soft fragrance of her hair wafting through it.

Leaning over me as she was, on her hand and knees, legs on either side of my left leg, I couldn't resist raising my knee so that the area just above my knee pressed into her warm center. Despite her earlier complaint about being tender, I wanted to see if I could give her a little excitement too. When I felt the soft folds of her pussy open and press wetly against my thigh, I stopped increasing the pressure, just maintained it and kept my leg still, waiting to see what would happen. Sure enough, after a moment, she began rotating her hips in a very small, gentle circle, working her pussy against my leg. Yes! I pulled her up for a long, wet kiss, thrilled that she had become excited enough to join me in taking pleasure, and then nudged her gently back down to my nipples before returning my hands to their task of sensuous roaming all over her body.

For several delicious minutes, we continued exactly as we were, I gratefully distracted a little by the task of giving my wife pleasure, she intent on my own. My wife was alternately flicking and loving my nipples with her soft tongue, lightly stroking the full length of my cock slowly with her cool hand, gently moving her soft, wet pussy against my leg. As she moved, her nipples dragged two little circles over my stomach. I ran my hands over her back, down her sides, over the sides of her breasts, as I alternately increased and decreased the pressure of my thigh against her rotating pussy lips. Sometimes I stretched down to squeeze her bum gently and run my fingers lightly down between her cheeks, brushing her crinkled little flower with a feathery touch. Other times I reached under to very gently squeeze her warm breasts together, giving her nipples some relief from their wonderful dragging over my stomach. Our initially-lazy motions became more frantic as each of us began to climb towards release. I heard my wife's breathing through her nose quickening, becoming irregular, and then eventually she drew in a long breath and released it in a long moan of pleasure as she pushed herself up from my chest.
