 It was unseasonably warm, hot, to not put too fine of a point on it. And sweaty. She could feel the moisture of her own perspiration under her breasts and between her thighs. Sitting in front of the fan, naked and sweaty, only managed to increase her already elevated libido. When her man came home she thought that she just might have to rape him or at least rip off his clothes and have her wicked way with him. 

No - he was never in the mood it seemed...

Her back was to her computer and she could not see the IM client flashing for her attention. 

*BUZZ*

Startled, she turned around, her mounds swaying softly in front of the screen. 

Hmmm... he's on, I wonder what he wants.

She typed a reply to his hello.

Oh my...

Today?

Just today...

As long as I would like...

Oh fuck me...

Where...

OK - see you soon...

Her sex tingled between her thighs, her nipples pointed the way to her closet where she got out something to wear in this heat. Nothing fancy, just something to get her there and then be easily removed, Ahh yes there it is the Miami Heat warm-up suit. Velcro fasteners, on tug and it all falls away. A loose tank top will do. 

No just a sports bra.

Someone could get hurt with these swinging in the breeze.

With that she dashed out the door and got in her car...

---- Driving down the highway the wind swirled around her and whipped her hair around, the warmth of the sun was leavened by the rush of air around her. She tried hard not to have a grin on her face but the entire time she smiled. She could feel her heart pounding beneath her breasts, it was as if she was going on her very first date. So excited and nervous. 

Would he like her?

Would he find her desirable?

Would he want to?

Would she?

She'd know in a few minutes and her exit was coming up, and she could see the hotel near the causeway.

She stopped at the light and paused for a moment. Turned right and then left into the hotel parking lot. 

She spent a few moment primping and brushing out her hair. A bit of red lipstick and a touch of perfume. Yes, she thought that will do nicely. 

After putting up the top, she locked the car and turned to face the hotel. 

A deep breath.

And on into the lobby. He was up on the seventh floor, room 707. She took the elevator up, hating the mirrored walls and ceiling. She spotted the camera and as she left the elevator stuck out her tongue. The hallway was dead quiet as she made her way to his room. 

There it was, the brass plate said 707. She knocked. A bit softly. She waited. 

And was just about to knock again when the door opened. 

"hello", he said, with that FM radio voice, "come on in girl."

Once inside he closed the door, but not before he hung out the do not disturb sign. She looked him over for a moment. He seemed a bit groggy, as if he'd just gotten out of bed or was hung over. Then she realized that he was a left coast person, and being it was only 10 AM, he was a bit out of sync. The hotel robe hung loosely around him and she could see the forest of hair on his chest and legs. It appeared that the razor had not yet made acquaintance with his face today. Al this she took in in a few seconds.

He took her in his arms and kissed her, at first tentatively, but then as she accepted his advances, deeper and with more vigor. He tasted minty, and of coffee as if just after brushing his teeth. His tongue touched hers and danced with it, and she responded in kind.

She touched the back of his robe,her hands seeking purchase on the fabric. She lifted it and found his bare ass and she loved it. Her fingers ran down the crack until his legs. and then back up again.

"a bit forward there girlie"

"you started it"

"shall we continue?"

"of course"

She felt her sports bra become loose and his hand on her back, then down to the waistband of her pants. And then inside cupping her ass. In front she could feel his hardness against her belly. After all of his poetry and prose she knew what he wanted, and she knew that she wanted to.

She stepped back for a moment, removed her bra and then knelt before him. Slowly and with some fanfare she opened his robe, revealing his throbbing desire. 

She eyed it and then looked up at him. His eyes were focused, burning hot.

Never breaking her gaze she took him into her mouth, making his dick slick with her spit. It touched the back of her mouth and she slid it back our again. In her mind she knew he did not ever get this and she knew, as much pleasure as she got from his words, she would try to return in kind with this deed. She ran her tongue the length of his shaft, a gentle caress with her teeth, and she felt him sway a bit. 

'like that?"

a low growl was her response.

"good"

She worked her mouth over him, down deep and then out, taking his balls in her mouth each in turn. She pulled back his foreskin and found the one spot that all women know, intuitively, that can make a man melt, and she teased it. His hands found her shoulders, and soon found her head.

"you want to fuck my mouth, baby?"

"god yes..."

They moved to the bed where he laid back and she knelt over him. She want him cum, and she was going to get it. 

She began to work him up to the edge, but not release him. Her head bobbed up and down, his hips lifted to meet her. A salty taste touched her tongue. She adored it. It was him coming to fill her mouth. 

At first she heard it, a low groan. Then she felt it his, cock stiffened in her mouth. Then a warm wet salty mess filled her mouth and he groaned loudly and thus hard. Pointing his cock at her tits she stroked his cock and massaged his balls to get every last drop out of him. 

Towards the end he laughed in pleasure. Something he'd told her about before, she found it to be a erotic thing that a man could do that. 

She sat up and rubbed his cum into her skin, massaging her breasts and and giving him a bit of a show. She then lay down next him. Snuggling close her eyes held his.

He kissed her, deeply, she knew that she had swallowed him but that some still remained. Many guys wouldn't do that but he did. She was pleased. 

His kisses began to wander. To her eyes, her ears,her neck. Interspersed with soft nibbles and bites, not leaving marks, but memories. Soon he reached her shoulders. Then her breasts. He spent a long time, kissing, sucking, nibbling and caressing her breasts. A lot of ground to cover. She didn't mind at all.

Under her breasts to her belly then to the waistband of her pants. 

He tugged at the velcro pants, and just like that they were gone. Her nakedness seemed to thrill him and his hands wandered across her body, taking it all in. Gliding gently across her skin, his fingers danced on her thighs, soon followed by his lips. Her legs parted slightly, inviting him closer. She felt his breath on her skin, warm and moist, followed by the touch if his lips and tongue. She opened her legs wider to reveal her sex, smooth from the Rio she had done recently. 

His tongue moved slowly up her thigh, close to her sex, but not touching, teasing her gently. Then he simply grazed her lips, tracing a line along the edge, His nose told him she was aroused, her musk filing the air around him. He ran his tongue down the middle of her sex and he felt her shudder and moan. 

His tongue seemed to touch her inner self. Darting and probing her sex. She squirmed and writhed beneath him, her breath coming in quick gasps and sighs. She reached for his head and began to press it against her sex. She wanted the most intimate kiss. For him to fuck her with his tongue. 

God it felt good. 

She felt it rise within her, deep and throbbing. Pleasure seemed to explode within her body, starting at her very core and expanding out to her finger tips and her toes. 

She had the presence of mind to muffle her screams with a pillow. After all it was a hotel.

He leisurely mad his way back up her body, pausing along the way to nibble lick and bite her skin, breasts, neck and earlobes. Her lips met his, and she tasted herself. Which just made her more randy. 

She reached down for his member and found it stiff again and sticky from her sucking and his cum. 

She wanted him inside her. Now. 

She shifted slightly and wrapped her legs around his waist, guiding him into her wet sex. The feeling of a cock sliding into her always felt wonderful, she never tired of it. Big ones, average ones, even small ones all held their delights when inside her. 

She felt him grind his groin against hers and push himself deep within her. She squeezed herself around him, gripping him in a slippery wet feminine hold. In wordless agreement they took it slowly. A long slow languid fuck.

He motioned her to her knees, and entered her from behind. His legs within hers. His cock driving in from behind. Her breasts swayed in time to the motion of their bodies. He reached under her to cup one in his hand. Her hand covered his, coaxing him to squeeze her teat. He obliged her and pinched her nipple, causing her to gasp. 

His cock grazed her clit in a way as to drive her close to the edge. She felt it it rise within her. The heat of her orgasm, the pleasure of her release. She wanted him to as well. She reached between her legs to squeeze his balls in her hand, as if to coax him to give it to her. 

She wanted to see him, look into his eyes as he did her. She slid away from him, and lay back, opening her legs wide and inviting him to her. He accepted. She grasped his swollen member and guided it into the depths of her sex. He pressed himself deep within her. 

He grasped her wrists and pinioned them above her head, spreading her arms wide. The vulnerability of this excited her even more, and she felt herself going over the edge. The flush of orgasm flowed across her body as a crimson tide, her skin flushing pink. Bolts of pleasure resonated within her as she lost herself within it. She arched her back to meet his every thrust, the intimate connection between them was wet, slippery and electric. And this time there was no pillow to muffle her screams of pleasure. 

"Come in you?", he rasped...

"God yes", she replied.

And with permission granted, she felt him let go, his hot sticky cum squirting inside of her. He thrust deeply into her, pressing her against the mattress. His loud groans filling the room. He pushed again against her, and she felt his seed spew forth inside of her. 

She felt the tension in his frame begin to lessen and he released her wrists firm his grasp. Bathed in sweat he lay beside her his breath coming in deep draws. 

-------

She could feel his cum on her sex, inside of her and she could tell she wanted more. He, as most men do has dozed off. His breathing deep and regular. He had rolled on to his side, his exposed member hung limp between his thighs. Her eyes widened and her tongue ran across her lips. 

She wriggled around on the bed, taking care not to disturb his slumber. She lay down on her side next to him, her sex near his head. She reached out her hand, to gently caress him. Touching his thigh, then a gentle squeeze of his limp cock. 

He moaned and shifted - quickly she withdrew, only to reach for him again.

After a moment, her touch and caress was rewarded. she could feel his cock hardening, expanding in her hand. She bent closer and opened her mouth, she could smell the sex on his dick, a mixture of her and him. Her lips touched him and she felt his cock surge. She sucked it into her mouth, her cheeks hollowing with the effort.

"I'm such a bad girl" she thought to herself, "he's just had me and I'm all worked up and ready for more. "

His dick stood out from his body straight now without support. It was substantial and hard. The foreskin glistening with her spit. She felt something move between her legs. She opened them slightly, and she felt a finger run down the middle of her sex. 

It made her smile.

Phoebus

©111604