 The police vehicle drove into the suburban street at low cruising speed. It came to a halt by the curb in front of the lawn of the fourth house by the right. Emblazoned on either side of the vehicle was the symbol of the Tongue Patrol, or an eagle's head enclosed in a shield of gold. Few neighbouring eyes turned from what they were doing to size up the vehicle with speculation, neither one of them had ever come across such a patrol unit before. Probably something the state recently introduced to keep the streets further safe from exploding crime rate.

The drivers' door opened and a black man dressed in matching black shirt and khaki shorts stepped out, closed the door behind him and stood there for a moment, savouring the morning summer's air. He wore a black Stetson hat, with the Tongue Patrol insignia stamped in the centre. He was of average height with the body frame of one known to fitness hours inside a gym often; the fabric of his clothes bulging slightly outwards from his muscles. His skin had a luminous shine about them, almost as if he'd rubbed himself with baby oil before coming down here; his features were both calm and handsome. His eyes stared from behind a pair of glasses, taking in the view of the street with serene interest. Making his way through the front of his patrol car, he stepped into the driveway of his designated house and approached the front door.

He pressed the doorbell. Heard a female voice from inside yelling that she was coming. It didn't take long before there came the sound of a lock twisting in the door and finally it came open. The woman was middle-aged, somewhere in here mid-forties. Shoulder-length brown hair, questioning hazel eyes and full lips that looked ever inviting. She was wearing a housecoat and polka dot boxer shorts. Her brow made a slight frown as she took in the expressionless glare of the patrol Officer.

"Yes, Officer? What can I do for you?" she asked the question hesitatingly as if already scared to hear the reply.

"Good morning, ma'am. My name is Officer Kent from the Tongue Patrol squad," the Officer said warmly, taking out his ID shield from the corner of his waist belt and presenting it to her. "We're a newly assigned squad, perhaps you might have heard about us."

She shook her head slowly, still sceptical of what he was here for. "No sir, I don't think I have."

"Anyway, it's irrelevant. You are Miss Delilah Ferguson, right, and you work over at Johnston & Baker Enterprises over on 147 Canal Avenue?" she nodded that yes she was. "Well ma'am, our office has received tons of complaints from numerous co-workers of yours claiming that you've been up to no good. I'm here to make sure everything gets straightened out."

Delilah blinked several times. "Officer, I'm sorry but I don't understand --"

"Why don't we continue our discussion inside, ma? I'd advise you to remain calm so as not to draw any attention from the neighbours."

"Oh, okay ... all right," she opened the door further, and allowed the Officer inside before closing it behind him. She led the way through the hallway and into the living room. From the stereo speakers echoed the words of Phil Collins crooning about feeling something coming in the air tonight. Delilah reduced the volume to a bare minimum before turning to face her visitor.

"Officer Kent, look, I have no idea what any of my colleagues might have told you, but I still have no idea of whatever it is that you're here about."

"You will in due time ma'am, I assure you. But for now I'd like to conduct a reasonable inspection of your home in case you're procuring any illegal substances."

Delilah couldn't believe what she had just heard. "Illegal what?"

"That's correct, ma'am. I'd first like to start with your bedroom. Perhaps you may lead the way." He indicated a hand towards the staircase by the hallway. Delilah made no attempt to move; her face was still aghast at the Officer's incriminating words. Officer Kent decided then to add some evidence of threat to his words. "Ma'am, you either co-operate with me right now, or it's a ride down to the station in a pair of handcuffs. And trust me when I say you wouldn't want for that to happen."

Delilah thought it best to obey, seeing that she had little or no choice in the matter, and led the way up the flight of stairs towards her bedroom. She opened the door and made way for the Officer to step inside. She waited while his head turned towards every corner of the room, taking in the bed, dresser, vanity table and everything else. He made no attempt to search anything.

"Well, Officer?" she said indignantly.

"I would like to start with the bathroom, if you don't mind."

"This just keeps on getting better," she muttered before opening the bathroom door and stood in the centre of the room, facing him. Her face slowly turning angry. "Well, look around for yourself and tell me whatever it is that's illegal in here that you could possibly find."

"Actually madam, I already have found it," Officer Kent said, taking off his hat and dropping it on the floor. His head was round and neatly shaved, and it also glistened with an oily sheen to it. 

He came forward and grabbed hold of Delilah's hand and forced her down on the toilet seat. Delilah protested and yelled at him, telling him to let go of her, throwing punches at him, but none of them doing any damage to the man. 

The Officer managed to pin her down with one hand while his other ripped her housecoat aside and grabbed hold of her left breast. A sudden charge of electricity shot out within her as the Officer lowered his head and planted his mouth upon her breast, running his tongue on her nipple that was instantly hardening. Delilah was still struggling, but her attempts were slowly decreasing as she was suddenly surrendering herself to the warmth of arousal coming from the Officer's mouth. The Officer made an animal-like groan from inside his throat as his tongue slurped round every corner of her large breast as if not wanting to get enough of it, till he then came round before her, lowered himself to his knees and turned his attention to her other breast, applying the same relish as he'd did with the former. 

Finally, he stopped, forced her shorts down her thighs and pushed her to rest her back on the tank while spreading her legs wide, resting her right one on the side of the bath tub while bringing her other on his right shoulder.

"This here is the illegal stuff you've been hiding," Officer Kent said, using his thumb to rub against the tiny knob that was her clitoris, unleashing further excitement upon her. Delilah gasped as the black Officer then started licking up her pussy, emitting the same animal-like sound as he set about eating her up. Up and down, side-to-side, his tongue explored every nook and cranny of her labia, stopping now and then to spit into it before returning to the job, his lips making sucking sounds that sounded far more erotic to the ears. Delilah cried with uncontrollable passion as huge sparks of electricity travelled around her body, sending live wires of shivers from her legs up to her womb and further up to her brain. Her head whipped side to side in ecstatic frenzy; her hands cradled the Officer's head with pressing force. The Officer reached both hands under the seat, pulling at the same time raising her ass upwards as his tongue then searched for her asshole. He made a stabbing motion with his tongue, burying it as far deep as he could make it into her ass. This brought another bout of explosion in Delilah's screaming mind.

"Oh my God," she whimpered and moaned at the same time, "so this is what the Tongue Patrol is all about?"

"Oh yes," Officer Kent replied. "All this and more. It's ever our duty to serve the public's need."

"Well, I hope this isn't where it ends. You'll have to do more than this to satisfy me."

"With full pleasure," he said, getting up to his feet holding her hand to help her up to her feet. Delilah's lips smacked against his, her hand fumbling for the zipper of his shorts, finding it and then delving her hand inside to grab hold of his hard member while the Officer's hands pushed her house cloth off her shoulders, bringing his mouth back to her breasts while his hands came down to grab hold of both half moons of her ass, first squeezing then smacking his palm on them, making Delilah utter a low cry. He raised her up from her feet, her legs wrapped around his back while he carried her out of the room and dropped her on the bed.

"Get off those clothes now, Officer," Delilah cried out while her hands undressed herself. Everything about her was now a whirl of heightened excitement. She breathed hoarsely on the Officer's face. "I want you RIGHT NOW!"

Officer Kent did exactly what he was ordered to what -- what he was meant to do. His hands ripped off his clothes in less than a minute. Delilah gasped at the sight of his handsome black body; every ripeness and muscle of his abs and torso screamed out with vigour and manliness. Less than a minute he'd unbuckled his patrol belt and dropped his shorts down his ankle. His left hand stroked his massive cock as Delilah came to her knees, bringing her head forward, her mouth falling open as her tongue came in contact with his manhood.

She gave out a satisfying sigh as her tongue and lips dragged back on his cock. She paused to look at it, her lips curled in a smile at the sight of its wetness before plunging back for another. Officer Kent moaned out, fumbling his fingers through her hair while her head kept on bobbing to her work, her mouth making slurping, succulent noises as she alternated between sucking and gagging on his member, finding out just how much of it she could swallow, feeling saliva drip off the under of her lips while she did it. Her hand reached under to cup his testicles, fingering them. She paused from her sucking, lolled her tongue down the length of his shaft before burying her mouth upon it again. Kent reached over her back, inserting two fingers into her pussy hole, bringing out further moan from her.

"All right ma'am," Officer Kent said, pushing her away from his cock. "I believe it's time to put you to work."

"Oh, I can barely wait," Delilah muttered, falling on her back while Officer Kent positioned himself by the bed's edge. Spreading her legs wide apart, his right hand holding his cock as he carefully drove it into her pussy hole. 

Delilah cried out from the contact. "Oh God, Officer Kent. That feels SO VERY GOOD! OH PLEASE, DON'T STOP." 

Officer Kent once again obeyed and gave her as thorough a fucking he could possibly give. Delilah cried and moaned out as Kent's shaft banged forcefully in and out of her; his fingers played with her clitoris; his chest heaved with repeated grunts, his face contorted into a mask of vicious grimness while he pumped harder into her. When he was through, he turned her over on her arms and knees, her big round ass facing him. Officer Kent gave her pussy a few nourishing licks with his tongue, hearing her moan with pleasure from it, before getting up and plunging his cock back into her hole. He rammed his way back and forth, in and out of her pussy, his hands holding unto either side of her hips, pulling her towards him just when she felt like escaping from his torture. Delilah couldn't desist from screaming with delight as each time she felt his cock hit hard inside her sent shockwave after shockwave of wanton pleasure all over here. While she moaned, she reached a hand between her legs, massaging her pussy though not wanting to bring herself to sudden climax; it was too early for her to want that. 

After a while he stopped, moved her aside and came and lay on the bed while she came and straddled him, guiding his cock back into her pussy. She gave a sudden cry of surprise as the Officer viciously smacked his hips against the back of her thighs, pumping his cock in and out of her like a piston as hard and as fast as he could. She leaned her face closer to his, feeling his lips grab hold of her breast, clamouring into his ear to fuck her harder ... don't stop, just fuck me harder. The Officers' hands grabbed hold of her ass and raised her halfway up, giving his hips more leverage to smack harder against hers. The bedroom hung heavy with the sweet smell of sex. 

He maintained this position for a while till suddenly rolled over on his back, taking her with him till he was on top of her, never once losing momentum, and continued with his fucking. The bed shook and quivered under them as they moaned and gasped into each other's face, copious sweat pouring from his face and landing on her breasts. 

"You like this, don't you, ma'am," the Officer said. "You like being fucked hard by a giant black cock, don't you."

"Oh, Yes! Yes, I very much do!" Delilah screamed at him, feeling her hands on the hardness of his ass, the way they moved up and down as he slammed his cock as hard as he could into her pussy, making her cry out louder with each attempt. 

Suddenly her body began undergoing a rocking spasm, her eyes came wide open with apparent realisation at what she was undergoing. It was a realisation she had experienced on only few occasions since the start of her sex life.

"Oh my God, I'm coming. Oh God, I'm coming! Don't stop! OH LORD, I BEG YOU, DON'T STOP! FUCK ME HARDER ... FASTER!! OH GOD I'M GOING TO COMMMEE -- "

Her words carried on in lengthy scream while she shook her head to either side, letting her hair scatter in a fan around her as she surrendered herself to the gigantic sensation that was exploding within her. Officer Kent on the other hand held her legs upon his shoulder, the biceps on his arms popped out as his hips jerked back and forth, fucking her out of this world. He too was already sensing a tiny sensation starting to building inside the mouth of his cock; his face squeezed further into his sweat-covered brow as the sensation grew higher and higher with each succeeding pump he made. Delilah held him with her eyes.

"Give it to me, Officer," she gasped. "I want to swallow you."

"You want me to give it to you?"

"Yes ... I want it. I want to swallow all of it."

A sudden roar escaped the Officer's mouth as he pulled his wet cock out from between her legs, came over and knelt beside her face, aiming his cock at her open mouth as he shot his wad between her lips. He pumped his cock four more times, emptying his semen into her mouth. Delilah sat on her elbow, holding his cock in her hand while her lips dutifully licked every last drop from him. Officer Kent watched her kiss his cock, feeling heartbeat slowly return to normal, his lowered his head and kissed her lips. 

"Don't forget to tell the rest of your friends about us, okay?" he said to her. "Like I said earlier, we are trained never to disappoint."

"Yes, I can certainly see that, Officer Kent." She turned and reached across to the other side of the bed, opened a side drawer and took out what looked like a leaflet off a checkbook. "Perhaps next time I call, you think I can get a discount from your office?"

"Definitely you will, ma'am." The Officer said, taking the signed check from her, flashing her a grin. "Next time, most definitely, you will."

Officer Kent gathered up his clothes and in no time wore them back up. He gave Delilah a final kiss before heading out of the room, down the stairs and from there out through the front door. He placed his Stetson back on his head as he made his way towards his car. He started the engine, dropped the check into his front pocket and slowly made his way out of the neighbourhood.

Another job satisfyingly well done.