 Amanda was the manager of a small Italian restaurant she was only 25 when promoted to that position. Ninety nine percent of her employees - cooks - drivers - wait staff were men of all ages and they all loved and respected her. She had a few key cooks that she counted on to help her keep everything in order. One of them was Dave, he was 18, had shoulder length blonde hair, and a big beautiful smile, he was about 6 feet tall. He was the one that would reach items from high shelves, pick up heavy boxes and work long hours after close for her. Dave and Amanda worked closely together from the time he was 16 on, when she was first promoted. 

It was a very busy Friday and everyone was going out of their minds, luckily Amanda had enough people working to cover the amount of business that was coming in. It was almost close and the dining room was empty and clean, no problem there, however there were hours of dishes left and only one driver, Amanda and Dave were still there. Amanda’s mind reeled when she thought about doing three hours worth of dishes. Dave saw the look on her face and put his hand on her shoulder . “Hey its okay, I’ll stay to help, just as long as you promise a free pizza and very loud music”

Dave smiled. Amanda was so happy that she reached for Dave and gave him a big squeeze.

“Thanks kid, I owe ya big!” . 

“Oh don’t worry I will collect to” Dave said as he pulled back from Amanda’s hug

Within minutes Dave was putting a big dent in the stack of dishes he started on, with that being done Amanda set out to finish the paperwork and get the driver off of the time clock. When she was done she turned on the radio and put in a cd with a mix of dance and rock music, Dave’s favorite and turned it up. By the time she joined him to finish the dishes he was more then half way done and his t shirt was soaked. “Oh no Amanda don’t look at his body, no evil thoughts, no evil thoughts” she repeated in her head as she stacked pan after pan.

Amanda was concentrating on her thoughts and the task not noticing Dave getting slower and slower at his washing. He couldn’t stop looking at his charismatic boss’ cute little face and body. He adored her and had since he applied for the job when he was 15. He waited a year before she would finally hire him, and when she did he worked as hard as he could for her. She may have been a little chubby but was the most interesting and desirable female he’d ever met, and so he decide that one day he would reverse the roles and make her do what he wanted. “Tonight is going to be it, I can’t wait anymore, Im 18 now, there is nothing to hold me back” Just as Dave finished his thought he noticed Amanda staring at his chest, looked down and noticed that his shirt was soaked making every inch of his torso stand out. He proudly stuck out his chest and met Amanda’s eyes. She quickly looked away and back at the pan she was drying. She was standing in front the rack of dirty dishes and Dave needed to squeeze behind her to grab a new stack, but this time instead of just reaching his arms behind her he squeezed his whole body between hers and the rack. Amanda felt Dave’s breath on her neck and a chill went up and down her spine she wished that he would just keep doing the dishes and stop tempting her. Dave could feel Amanda tense up as he stood in back of her enjoying the feel of her body against his. Her hair still smelled good after all night of working and it made him want her even more. She felt his hands move to her waist and rest there. She was so tired and sore from the long night she relaxed against him, the back of her button up cotton shirt becoming wet from the soaked uniform he wore. Dave wrapped his hand around Amanda’s throat, pulled her head back to his and nibbled on her neck just below her ear. She was immediately turned on by the thought of his lips and his fingers traveling over her body. She had fantasized of him, playing the guitar in his room and how she’d love to be his audience, and now he was touching her, making her knees buckle. His free hand unbuttoned the two top buttons of her shirt. He brushed his hand over her cleavage and bit her earlobe, then his fingers traced along the outside of her bra little distance from the areola. He teased her nipple, running his fingers over the top of them as they became stiff. Dave took his hand out of Amanda’s top and ran it down to her hip and rested it there. He could hear her breathing heavily and moaning at times.

He moved her head to the side roughly, clenched his fingers into her hip and breathed “Mandy I’m going to make you cum for me” she could only answer with a ragged sigh. 

He reached his hand down to her back side traced the line in between her cheeks. From the dimple at the top to the wet spot starting to form between her thighs. He was now playing with a bare nipple with one hand while holding one finger between her covered lips feeling her throb, getting wetter and wetter. 

Amanda moaned “Please make me cum Dave”

At the encouragement he began to stroke her clit over the thin material of her khaki pants while tearing at the buttons so that he could explore the inside of her. He shoved his hand into the soft material of her panties and felt just a small tuft of moist pubic hair covering her soft lips. He began to stroke the fur letting his fingers slip little by little between her lips barely touching her clit .

Amanda could feel Dave’s hard-on pressing against the top part of her back side, between that and his fingers she began to tense up and whimper.

“Are you gonna come for me Amanda” Dave murmured in her ear.

Amanda came hard and Dave’s fingers were soaked. He never wanted this to happen here but he felt that if he couldn’t have her right here and right now he would die. He let Amanda relax and rest against his body while he searched blindly behind him in his wallet for a condom. He was so distracted that he didn’t notice Amanda turn around. He was looking into her eyes when she began to move her body down until she was kneeling in front of him. He leaned against the rack and closed his eyes. He felt her fingers fumble with the buttons on his jeans then all he could feel was heaven. 

Amanda pulled Dave’s cock into her hand and began to lick from the head to the base, making it very wet and slippery. She pulled her tongue up and down the length of it in a swirling motion, then she slammed the head into her mouth and clamped her lips tight around it. Dave grabbed a hand full of her hair and pushed into her mouth until the head of his cock was touching the back of her throat. He couldn’t stand it anymore, he pulled Amanda up by her hair, turned her around and pushed her against the sink. He slipped the condom over his cock and yanked at Amanda’s pants.

“Do you want me” He asked from behind her

“Yes , I want you now”

That was the answer he was looking for. He once again grabbed a fist full of her hair, bent her forward and rammed into her tight wet pussy as hard as he could. She let out a half yelp half moan. He slammed into with slow hard strokes, her hips began to meet his strokes, bringing him into her deeper and deeper.

“You like that little Mandy? You want me to fuck you harder”

“Yes, yes, harder” she said between ragged breaths.

Dave bucked harder and held on to her hair until he couldn’t hold it any longer. He came with a loud moan, his body shaking and sweating. He could feel her’s shudder with the second orgasm of the night. 

As he cleaned himself up and disposed of the condom, Amanda pulled her pants back up and straightened the rest of her uniform. They quietly finished the dishes and cleaned the back room 

“Mandy, that was so good, I hope that I didn’t mess anything up” Dave said to her back as she began to activate the alarm.

“Common we only have a few seconds lets talk about it outside” she said over her shoulder.

They rushed out the door and Amanda locked it. She turned around and looked into Dave’s beautiful blue eyes.

“It was great, you didn’t mess anything up. Just make sure the next time this happens you have all of your closing duties finished.” She smiled.

So they walked to their cars for a long goodnight kiss.