 Another day gone by. As she leaves work, she thinks to herself how her life has changed. She used to think life was fun and exciting, now it was full of work. She exits her building and heads for the parking garage. A sudden string of loud noises startle her. A quick glance upwards reveals several construction workers have taken notice of her. Whistles and yells of “Hey baby” rain down on her. The attention, even though rude, is welcome medicine for her pride, but without missing a beat she raises her arm and then her middle finger. Today, she’s not in the mood.

After strutting through the rest of the courtyard she finally reaches the elevator. She enters and leans back against the back rail. As the door begins to close, a voice yells out, “Hold the elevator.” She leans forward and presses the elevator door open. A tall young construction worker enters. “Thanks baby,” he mumbles as he barges into the elevator. He leans across her and presses his floor. He takes the opportunity to check her out, glancing up and down her body. “Hey you look even better up close.” 

She looks back at him glaring, “Are you one of them?” 

“One of who, baby?” he chuckles. Finally the elevator stops and the door opens. As the construction worker begins to walk off, she yells out through the doors, “I’m going to report you.” Before she can even finish the sentence, something flies at her from the darkness of the parking garage and hits her in the chest then bounces to the floor. She looks down as he yells out, “Here’s a quarter. Call someone who cares.” Before she can respond the door closes. The quarter stares up at her from the floor.

The next day she makes sure to wear her shortest, sexiest skirt. As she exits her building, her ass wiggling back and forth in her tight black skirt, she once again hears the howling and whistling. When she gets to the elevator, she looks around, making sure the same man is close before getting on. Same as the day before he barges into the elevator dressed in his tight jeans and torn shirt. He looks toward her with a smile and says, “You again? I thought you would avoid me today.” 

Smiling, she looks him the eye, “Avoid you? Why would I do that?” Leaning forward, she presses her hand against his chest, “You want me don’t you?” 

Shocked by her aggressiveness, the construction worker responds, “Of course.”

Reaching out, she slaps the stop button on the elevator and turns back to the now trembling young man. With both hands, she knocks him back against the wall of the elevator. Grabbing his hands in hers, she asks, “Do you want to touch me?”

The construction worker is unable to respond or even swallow. She slowly guides his hand to her thigh and pushes it under her skirt and between her legs. Moving his hand, she pushes his finger along the crack of her wet pussy. She lets out a low moan to let him know she approves. She removes her hands and he continues to probe his finger along the crotch of her wet panties. 

“Are you hard yet baby?” she asks. 

“Uaah Haa” he mumbles. 

She pushes his hand away from her panties and demands for him to lay down. Snarling, she yells at him, ”You are going to be a good boy and do just as I tell you.” 

“Yes m’am” he replies. 

She moves and stands above him, her legs straddling him, her feet on either side of his hips. Leaning down, she starts to rub the bulge on his jeans with the palm of her hand. “You are hard, very good.” Pulling the zipper, she unzips his tight jeans and reaches in, grabbing his cock in her hand. He moans from the touch. Pulling his cock from his jeans, she squeezes her hand around it, giving a few strong pumps to get it stiff. Looking down at his face, she says, “Keep your hands to your side and you will cum when I tell you to cum.” 

He nods his head in response. Then, she hikes her skirt up to her waist and pulls her drenched panties off, putting them in her purse. Squatting over his cock, she places both hands on his chest. Slowly she lowers her dripping pussy onto the tip of his cock. With the mere touch of his cock to her clit, she moans out with pleasure. Her blood races as she plunges herself deeper onto his member. She slowly starts to rise, pushing her hands against his rock hard chest. His cock is now sliding freely in and out of her wet cunt. She can feel a tingle beginning to explode from every part of her body. She bucks her hips, slamming his cock deeper with every plunge. “Oh God!” she screams out. “Fuck! Oh fuck, your cock feels so good!” 

Not able to stop himself any longer, he begins to shift his hips underneath her. She looks down at him, knowing he’s about to cum. Lifting her hand off his chest, and without missing a stride on his cock, she slaps him across the cheek. 

“NOT YET!” she yells out. “I’m not done fucking you yet!” 

He stops and lays still, sweat beading off his forehead. Her tight pussy feels so good on his cock. It takes all his strength not to move again. He continues to watch her, watching her face change with each plunge on his cock. 

The surge of control she felt with that slap was enough to push hers over the edge. Her knees begin to shake and her moans are uncontrollable. “Yeesss! Oh God yes! I’m cumming!! More.... more.... fuck me more!” she yells as the feeling of the intense pleasure surges through her body. 

Slowing her pace, bucking her hips slowly against him, her pussy dripping and then comes to a stop on his cock. Raising herself up off his cock, she moans as it slips from her. She looks down and watches his cock throb, waiting for it’s own release. Kneeling beside him, she grabs his cock in her hands and begins to stoke it.

“Cum for me now. Cum hard for me.” 

With those few words, he’s unable to hold back. He thrust his cock up into her hands, grunting as his cock begins to jerk and streams of white cum start to pour out. She strokes it, pulling every last drop. Looking down, she smiles. Covering his jeans are spots of her cum and his cum. Standing, she hits the button to restart the elevator. Looking back down again, she watches the young man, his eyes closed, his breathing rapid and his limp cock laying against his open jeans. Reaching into her purse, she looks down, tells him what a good boy he was and tosses a quarter onto his chest. 

“Here’s your quarter back.” As the elevator doors open, she walks out without saying another word. She has no doubt she’ll be able to find him again whenever she needs a little “lift” in the elevator.