 "Do you have everything?"

"Yes."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, Legend, I'm sure."

"Maybe you should check one more time-"

"Legend!"

"Elizabeth!"

Elizabeth sighed as he gave her an eyeful of puppy eyes. She should have known he would react this way. Legend was acting like a mother hen who didn't want its baby chick to leave the nest even though it was all grown up. He had been fine before, but apparently it was now dawning onto him the actual meaning of her going to medical school. If she had actually moved to another country in order to go, she could only imagine it being a lot worse. Admittedly, he hadn't liked the idea of her having a chauffeur. Enforcer was the one to point out that it was either the chauffeur or her moving away.

That sent him bursting in tears and demands that she get home as soon as possible. For a grown man, he was acting very much like a child. He hadn't acted like this when he taught her. Miss Healer pointed out that he had been able to see her whenever he wanted, within reason of course. He was just worried about her being in another country. Elizabeth had to admit she had a point, but still. When she thought about it, he was acting more like a father and that was really disturbing considering they were sleeping together. She really didn't that image especially when they were in bed.

Then there was Dr. Kane. Elizabeth had informed him of her current arrangements since she wasn't sure how it would affect future appointments. He had seemed amused that she would tell him this, but it might be her imagination considering he never removed his surgical mask. As long as she didn't have sex with any new people, he didn't see the need for her to set up an appointment any time during the school year. In fact, he informed her that she should be more considered with her primary doctor, Miss Healer.

She never realized how many shots she needed to take before going. Her arms were sore and she wanted to go to sleep afterwards. Sometimes she wondered if Miss Healer was secretly a sadist. There had to be better way than getting a thick, long needle and jamming it into her veins. At least it was only her arms. Apparently, Legend had a traumatizing moment where he had taken a needle in a place not meant for it. She didn't dare ask where.

"Legend, I'll be fine."

"But what if you get lost?"

"I'm not going to go far from the school. Besides, even though it's another country, but they still speak the same language so I can always ask for help."

"I don't know..."

"Don't you trust me?"

"Of course I do. I just don't trust everyone else."

He was looking over her head and she sighed. Elizabeth knew exactly what, or rather who, he was looking at. Matt was currently hiding behind Enforcer to avoid getting his head bitten off. She couldn't blame him. If the most powerful hero in the world was staring you down, you should be running in the opposite direction. Hopefully, he wouldn't change his mind and leave her to find another way to get to the school. She wasn't sure she could find another way in just a few hours.

"Legend, I believe it's time for her to get going. We wouldn't want her to be late on her first day and she needs to learn her way around."

With a sigh, he gave a nod. Then he pulled her in for a kiss. Startled, she let him. He never openly expressed affection in front of other people. Taking advantage of her surprise, he slipped his tongue into her mouth. His hands trailed down her back to grope her butt. She whimpered as he ground his body into hers. He was hard. Before it could go any further, he let go.

"Be safe."

She stuttered under his heat filled gaze. "I-I will."

Elizabeth turned away to see Enforcer staring at his watch while Matt was doing his best not to look in their direction. She had almost forgotten about them. If she could, she would crawl into a hole and hide away for a long time. That wasn't something she wanted anyone to see. She couldn't believe Legend did that. What was he thinking do something like that in front of other people? Was it a guy thing?

"If you're ready to go, Matt will take you now."

Grabbing her bags, she walked up to him while keeping her eyes from meeting his, not that she needed to. Matt didn't have the guts to look her in the eye after the display he had seen. He placed a hand on her shoulder and there was tugging sensation. The next thing she knew was that she was thrown off her feet and she fell onto her butt despite her attempts to steady herself. Her bags were scattered drawing the attention of everyone who happened to be in the area. Matt was immediately bending down to see if she was okay.

"Are you okay?"

The world spun around her and she felt ready to barf. Instead, she said, "That felt weird."

"Sorry about that. I've never done it with another person."

"It's fine. Can you help me up?"

She almost heaved when he pulled her up. Fortunately, she was able to force it down. Unsure what to do, he rubbed her back and looked around uneasily. People were whispering and pointing at them. He had never liked the center of attention. It usually only meant something bad. Enforcer had assured him that the school knew ahead of time that they were coming via teleportation, but he didn't see anyone who could possibly be in charge. Then again he had never teleported to a place he had never been to before. He had only tired it with places he had a least passed by.

Pictures had been provided to give him an idea of where he needed to go, but it was possible he ended up in the wrong place. They hadn't exactly given him the precise address, not that it would have helped anyway. If they had indeed ended up in the wrong place, they were screwed. Some countries weren't as accepting as others about the use of powers even if it was approved. He wasn't sure if Elizabeth was up to being teleported again and Legend would undoubtedly kill him if he left her behind. Legend had made it perfectly clear when they met.

Matt should have known it wasn't a good idea. As soon as the offer was made, he should have run the other direction. A cute chick wasn't worth angering Legend. Now it was too late. He was stuck with her until she no longer needed his services. He blamed Sam for this. If it weren't for him, he wouldn't be stuck in this crazy situation.

They didn't have to wait long. A group of people was making its way towards them. It appeared the faculty was coming out to meet them. Well, he hoped they were the faculty. None of them looked like gangsters or police. By the time the group reached them, Elizabeth had finally overcome her nausea much to his relief. Now he could leave everything to her.

"Miss White I presume?"

"That's me."

"We've been expecting you. Please follow me."

The duo followed the woman as the rest of the group moved to send all the onlookers away. Apparently, they had dropped right into the busiest part of the campus. Elizabeth immediately apologized for the inconvenience. She didn't know too much about Matt's powers and had assumed he would be able to get her right to the administration's office. Well, it appeared he couldn't.

They soon found themselves sitting before the dean. "You've caused quite the commotion Miss White."

"Er, some things happened and, well, yeah."

"I hope this won't be a daily occurrence." She shook her head. "Good. I must admit this is an interesting situation. While it's not unusual for students to opt for part time, we've never encountered a hero in training to apply."

"It was a surprise."

"Nevertheless, even if it's part time, we expect the best from you. I should not have to repeat myself again, but in case you have forgotten, you will be kicked out if your grades aren't up to standards. There are no exceptions."

"I understand."

She really did. Considering what was expected of her now that she had powers, they were undoubtedly worried that she wouldn't be able to handle the workload. The internal workings of being a hero were not available for the public, but it was understandable to be worried about whether or not she would be able to make it class. She wouldn't be able to make up labs and her sleep schedule would look horrendous. Fortunately, she wasn't an active hero just yet. She was still in training so that shouldn't be a problem at the moment.

Elizabeth, however, was worried for when she would have to go onto the field. That meant she was basically on call and would have to leave whenever they needed help. Would they ask her to deal with crime in her home country or wherever she currently was? She would need to talk about it with Enforcer. It was one of those times where even if Legend is the one with actual experience, he probably wouldn't be able to answer any of her questions.

"From now on, we will like you to come in at the designated location." She took a good look at the map. The dean was pointing at a building that wasn't labeled. "This building has not been in use for years so no one should be there."

Matt asked, "Is it safe though?"

"It may be old, but we wouldn't risk endangering any students. Our janitors have kept it clean and it has been used as storage."

"That's not exactly not in use."

She nudged him with her elbow, but the dean apparently didn't hear him or was ignoring his comment. "I suppose I have taken enough of your time. Unless you have any questions, I suggest you run along."

"We're fine. Thank you."

Then they were walking out the door. Well, that was an interesting experience. She wasn't sure what she to expect. Being treated like a high school student being sent to the principal's office was not one of them. Not that she had ever been to the principal's office. As a well behaved and studious student, she never had a reason to see him or her. She actually didn't even know the gender of her old principal. Elizabeth supposed it didn't matter. It wasn't like she was going to go back to high school.

Though she did wonder if what happened was standard procedure. It wasn't like she could ask Matt about it. He had never gotten past high school so he would be as clueless as she was. She had let Enforcer handle everything. After all, that was his job, right? Now she was a bit uncertain. Ever since the hero business started, she had completely relied on others to handle everything for her. While Miss Healer had been nice enough to help her out and Enforcer was patient with her, she felt as if she didn't know enough about what it meant to be a hero. Maybe she should try to corner Legend.

"You would think they would show us the way," mumbled Matt.

Pushing aside all other thoughts, she said, "She did give us a map and circled it."

"That doesn't mean much unless you can read the map."

"Of course I can. Why wouldn't I?"

Seeing the suspicious look in her direction, he quickly said, "Nothing. By the way, why do you have more than one bag. It's not like you're going to be living on the dorms are you?"

"Oh, some of the stuff is for you."

He stopped walking. "For me?"

"Well, I didn't think it was fair to make you go back and forth while I was in class so I had asked if there was a place for you to stay. Apparently, it's the same place where you'll drop me off."

"Oh."

She waited to see if he had anything more to say. When he started walking instead, she decided that was the end of the conversation. What she didn't realize was the turmoil running through his mind. Matt hadn't expected for her to care about his comfort so much. He had admitted that using his power constantly wore him down, but he figured that they wanted him to suck it up. After all, he was on their payroll and he was being paid to take her to school. It was nice that someone cared. Sam didn't count and he had been out of touch with his family for a long time.

The building ended up being quite far away. It was a good thing that they had left early. Otherwise, she would have been late to her first class. As it stood, she could only afford a couple of minutes to explore the place before rushing to her first class. She instantly opted to leave right away just in case she got lost. Making sure Matt was okay with being left behind, she gave him the extra bag and headed off. Apparently, it was human anatomy. How fun. Of course the first thing she wanted to learn was about the human body.

Meanwhile, Legend smashed another villain in the face, knocking him out and several teeth. His fellow heroes kept a wide berth as he passed the unconscious villain to them. They didn't know what was going on, but it was clear that he wasn't in a good mood. The fact that Legend, the man known to upbeat and considerate of others, wasn't pulling any punches was dead frightening. What on earth could possible turn such a kind man into using such violence? If they didn't know he was still holding back - while none of them had seen him at full power, they've heard of how terrifying it was - they would have thought he was trying to kill someone.

He, on the other hand, still felt like it wasn't enough. His body was basically roaring at him with pent up energy. It reminded of him of the old times where he would find a desolate place to train and destroy the area. With his power, it was so easy to kill another person that he had always been worried about using too much strength. His only solution was to destroy inanimate objects to deal with his restlessness. That method ended up going obsolete pretty quickly when it became harder to find a place to be alone and the fact it took more effort to tire himself out.

That resulted in him trying to find other ways to deal with it. One of them was fighting strong villains. Currently, there was no worthwhile villain for him to fight and get rid of the energy. Even with the villain he had just defeated, he barely put anything compared to hid ordinary punches. He supposed it was a good thing that there were no powerful villains to deal with. On the other hand, he just really wanted to beat the tar out of someone. It was clear to his fellow heroes who fearfully stayed away in fear of being hit.

The other way was sex. It hadn't been uncommon to find a man or woman willing to share his bed. A few words and they were soon tangling in the sheets. It was a mutual agreement. They helped each other deal with their need for sex. Legend had stopped after he had been training Elizabeth for quite some time. He didn't know when, but he had suddenly realized she was growing up and he found his eyes wandering to inappropriate places.

Whenever that happened, he would discretely punch himself for having such sinful, dirty thoughts. He was way older than her and to make a move on her before she was of age was wrong. As a result, he threw himself at other heroes, hoping to get rid of those thoughts. The problem was it didn't work. Every time he closed his eyes, he had imagined it was her beneath him. There were a few times where he had almost slipped and said her name.

Of course his partner was never happy when this happened. He always apologized afterwards. It wasn't fair to his partner if he was thinking of someone else. Some people were okay with that or were really into it, but he felt it was only fair to focus on your lover in the middle of the act. It seemed like a big fuck you sign saying 'you're not good enough to have sex with, but I don't really have a choice'.

Eventually, he gave it up as a bad job and dealt with his problem by himself. Masturbating alone wasn't his idea of fun, but it was better than going out and having disappointing sex in his opinion. Now he found himself sitting on the couch still in his costume. He had absolutely nothing to do. It wasn't surprising that they told him that they wouldn't need to call on him for the rest of the day. No one wanted to risk him snapping, but it didn't mean it wasn't absolutely frustrating.

Looking at the clock, he saw that there was plenty of time before she returned. With a couple of hours to himself, he sighed as he headed to their bedroom to strip. His erect cock was begging for attention and he lazily stroked it. They hadn't washed the sheets yet and it reeked of last night's activities. He could practically taste her on his lips and he groaned.

Elizabeth was kissing him, whimpering as she rubbed against his naked body. She was already wet and waiting for him. Instead, he was slipping a finger into her slick pussy. Pleading for him to stop teasing her, she ground into his finger as he forced another one inside. Her honeypot was clinging to his fingers, unwilling to let go. Whispering such into her ear, he enjoyed the sight of her flushed face. She was so eager and wanting. He couldn't see a reason not to oblige her.

She groaned with disappointment when he pulled his fingers out, but that changed when she felt his member pressing against her entrance. Spreading her legs apart to accommodate him, she quivered as he pushed the tip in. If he wasn't holding her hips, she would undoubtedly be unable to keep herself up right. Forcing himself deeper, he could feel her walls contract around him. Already, she was close to her first orgasm. She must have needed him as much as he did.

In one swift motion, he slammed her down to the base. Instantly, her mouth parted as a wordless cry escaped her lips. Kissing her, he reveled in her orgasm. He enjoyed how her body squeezed him as if to wring out every drop of his seed. Only he could bring out such a reaction from her. No one else could make her unravel and beg like he did. If anyone else tried, he would show no mercy. She was his and nothing would change that.

One of his hands trailed up the staircase of ribs while the other gripped her hips. He murmured encouraging words as she bounced on his lap. His eyes devoured the sight of how her folds stretched and parted to accommodate his girth. Juices coated his dick. Reaching out to pinch her nipples with his free hand, he could feel her getting close once more. She was unbelievably sensitive today. He wondered how many orgasms she would go through before he reached his first.

Pulling her close, he nipped at her throat and he could feel her tightening again. This time he rode out her orgasm, forcing her to take him as she sobbed at the pleasure overtaking her. He grunted as he forced her onto her back. His balls slapped against her and his fingers tangled themselves into her hair. Her legs wrapped around his back as he plowed into her aching cunt. Taking a nipple into his mouth, he sucked on the erect tip. Moans spilled from her lips and her arms wrapped around him.

He was close. Just a little bit longer he promised her. She begged him to fill her with his seed. She wanted him to fill her womb to the brim. She wanted him to knock her up. That sent him over the edge as he came inside her convulsing walls. Holding her close, he breathed in her sweaty, musky scent.

When he opened his eyes, he saw he had made a mess of the sheets. He was definitely going to have to do the laundry before she got back. Pulling of the sheets, he mulled over his fantasy. Legend remembered the first time she swore to make him come more than once. It was adorable how hard she tried to please him. He nearly had a heart attack from when she tried to surprise him with a blowjob. She had wrapped her sweet lips around the tip while coaxing drops of precum out. It was completely different from the first time.

He immediately confronted her and she admitted she had gotten advice from Miss Healer on how to practice a blowjob. It wasn't to try it out on other men thank goodness. Apparently, she was making good use of the fruit and vegetables. Elizabeth mostly used cucumbers and bananas considering their length. He had teased her relentlessly about if he should be jealous at all the attention they were getting. She had not been amused and pouted. Even with practice though, she had difficulty dealing with his size and relied on her hands.
