 "Lane – I'm so sorry but this doesn't feel...oh, I don't know what I'm feeling. I feel like an utter fool. It's just that I wanted to..." In the ambient external light of the darkened hotel room, I saw Lois draw up the bed sheeting to cover her nudity, and I had to stop for a moment to quickly reflect on the situation. 

Lois and I had worked together for over a decade when I became her boss in a large retail complex. She was my Assistant Manager, and I couldn't ask for a more capable and independent second in command. She ran the day-to-day operations with extreme competency and assertiveness, freeing me to focus on the more important managerial concerns of the complex. Although I wasn't initially attracted to her, I came to admire Lois for more than her professional attributes as we put in the long hours together.

Lois had a comely Japanese face with almond-shaped eyes, a cute button nose, and a sensuous mouth. Her black shoulder-length hair contrasted sharply with her creamy white skin. However, what really caught my eye was Lois' five-foot-eight pear-shaped body. As a secret small-tits-big-butt kind of guy, I discretely admired her small breasts, generous booty, and long shapely legs, and readily admit that kinky fantasies involving Lois flittered through my head throughout the workday. 

At fifty-five, I was twelve years older than Lois and would be the first to admit that I wasn't exactly a stunning catch. While I was just a bit taller than her, my once trim physique had become a bit hefty (bordering on obese) due to long working hours, a lot of junk food, too much booze, and no exercise. Although I had a layback persona, I had no problems making the difficult decisions based on years of hard cold administrative experience and a knack of getting others to do what I wanted. 

As we worked so closely with each other, we talked about our problems and especially those of our marital lives. For me, family life consisted of a distant wife and a troublesome daughter who was an adult but acted like a teenager. My love life was dismal due to a lack of sex with a thin stick-figure wife who doted on our spoiled child but not on me. I began looking forward to coming to work and was reluctant to leave it mainly because of Lois' knack of anticipating my needs and constantly pleasing me. I found myself gradually being drawn to my Assistant Manager.

What I didn't know was that Lois had come to feel the same way about me. She often complained that her home life left much to be desired, "You know, Lane, having been raised with a traditional Japanese wife mentality really sucks. It's ingrained in me to constantly toil for my bratty sons and a domineering husband who treat me as an unappreciated 'house slave.' 

"Do you remember the time when I had some female problems? You'd think my family would care and help me at home because I was in constant pain. But no...after a full day of work, I was expected to cook dinner, pick up the house, and do other household chores without any help from my unappreciative family. And when I found that I needed a hysterectomy, were they there to comfort and support me? Not my husband or kids – no – you were the only one who cared. I don't know what I would have done without you, Lane."

Our growing attraction, however, didn't crystalize until we had a rare opportunity to attend a national retail conference in another state. I was surprised at how Lois eagerly made all of the arrangements, and as we flew to our destination, I couldn't help but notice how relaxed Lois became with each mile away from her family. Checking into our respective rooms in the rather posh conference hotel, we agreed that to freshen up and then have cocktails and a light dinner at the hotel upscale restaurant. 

I was stunned when Lois joined me later clad in a black button-down dress that molded to her form and fell several inches above her knees. With her makeup a bit more pronounced and her hair was pinned back to expose her ears and long neck, Lois exuded a certain sensuality that was totally contrary to her normal sensible practicality. 

I ususally am the one who imbibes with meals and was surprised when Lois who was a teetotaler, ordered a Long Island Iced Tea, a potent drink that even I avoided. Without hesitation she took a long sip and then another, prompting me to ask what was going on. 

"Do you know, Lane, that this is the real first drink I've had in years. It's the first 'me-time' that I've had in over a decade. This is the first time when I haven't heard ''Lois, get me this' or 'Mommy...do this...do that.' Do you know what it's like after a full day at work and home to have my hubby get 'amorous' and whine about me not taking care of his needs? The problem is that when the son-of-a-bitch is done, he just rolls off and falls immediately to sleep, leaving me hot, sweaty, and – unfulfilled." 

By this time, Lois had finished her drink and had ordered her another. When I cautioned her to slow down, Lois stammered, "Lane, I'm always so controlled – so prim and proper. Well, maybe I just want...for once...to be selfish and to cut loose and be free." 

After taking a deep sip, Lois looked at me with tears brimming her eyes and sadly said, "Lane, the only time I feel that I can be the person that I want to be is when I'm with you. You don't make any demands of me and showed more concern for me then I get from my so-called loved ones. Hell, Lance's only concern after my hysterectomy was how soon we could have 'boom-boom' as he so disgustingly put it. I don't know what I would do without you being there for me. Ooh, shoots, I'm kind of talking too much, aren't I? Am I making a complete fool of myself?"

"Lois – I love the 'new' you. I just don't want you puking your guts out for the rest of tonight. Slow down, enjoy your drink. It won't run away. Relax, savor the moment, and by the way, being with me." 

Then in recalling her spousal rant, I had to chuckle to myself, "Well – since we're airing our dirty marital linen, I've got to say that at least you have some kind of sex life. My wife and I haven't been 'hot and heavy' in years." 

When Lois asked as to why, I simply shrugged. I then sheepishly admitted that the last time I tried to get it up with my wife that I was unable to "perform." I then frankly admitted that it really didn't matter since I really didn't care. My wife and I just accepted our mutual non-sexuality and let our marriage evolve into one of companionship and abstinence." 

There was an odd glint in Lois's almond-shaped eyes that I couldn't quite place at the time and didn't give it much thought.

As the evening passed, Lois became increasing inebriated and I had to pay the bill to get her out of the restaurant before she barfed or made a fool of herself. With Lois draped over my shoulder, we staggered to the elevator and then to her room door. As I fumbled through Lois's purse for her pass card, Lois leaned heavily on me. "Lane, for the first time in my life, I feel really relaxed...just myself. What would I do without you?" Lois slurred as she brought her face intimately close to mine. "I love you...more than you can imagine." 

With that Lois pressed her lips sloppily against mine as her tongue darted into my surprised mouth. While I was initially caught off guard, my tongue was soon dancing a lively jig with hers in her open mouth. 

"Hmmm," Lois murmured when she pulled briefly away, "I never knew you could kiss like that, Lane. I'd like some more, if you please." 

Never one to refuse a lady's request, I gave her a deep lingering kiss, and then let my lips drifted to her earlobe and then to the middle of her throat just above her collarbone. Lois's lips uttered a soft moan which grew louder as my lips traveled over her beating chest that became exposed as my fingers skillfully flicked open her dress' buttons. 

"Oh, God, Lane," Lois groaned, "open the goddamn door before people see us making out in the hallway."

Once the room door closed, the transformation in Lois was stupefying. "Lane, get out of your clothes," Lois panted, "and take me to bed before I change my mind. Hurry, Lane, please hurry..." With that, Lois urgently slipped out her dress before pulling off my clothes. She then hurriedly shucked her bra and then shimmied out of her panties before climbing into her bed. 

It was when in the dimly-lit room that I realized we had reached the point of no-return. To my utter amazement, I had to be the honorable idiot who asked Lois if this was what she really wanted. 

That short pause and question were like a splash of cold sobering water that caused Lois to quickly realize just what the hell was happening. Grabbing the bed sheet, she hastily covered her nude Asian form. "Oh, God, Lane. What are we doing? We're naked! Jeez, I'm so embarrassed..."

"Look, Lois, we don't have to do anything," desperately trying to recapture the moment that I had foolishly squandered. "If you want, we can stop right now. But, don't get me wrong but I'm not upset by your nudity." 

Then after a poignant pause, I murmured, "Lois, we cannot forget what we've seen of each other's body, and to be honest, I really don't want to forget what I've seen of yours in this dim light. You look incredible naked." I could have sworn that Lois blushed as the sheet covering her dipped slightly to reveal a bare tit.

"Now – if you want to, we can get dressed and act our sensible selves, and try to forget what happened to us tonight – or – we can just be comfortable and appreciate each other and the special moment. Shit, Lois, I mean, we're not exactly appreciated by our kids and especially our spouses. Maybe we just owe it to ourselves to be spontaneous – maybe to do something definitely stupid and throw caution to the wind." Laughing to myself I continued, "That is if you're not too grossed out at seeing me in my unadulterated pudginess." 

"Oh, Lane – it's not your body that I find attractive. It's that you've always been there for me. Lending me a shoulder to cry on, picking me up when I was down, and stopping me from getting shit-ass drunk. You could have taken advantage of me, and I would have been helpless to have stopped you – and honestly, I don't know if I would have. 

'If anything, I'm the one who is ashamed of being naked. Oh, don't lie. I'm nothing to look at...big hips...and butt...and talk about tiny boobs. Shit, I'm so embarrassed... with you seeing me this way..." 

"Shush, you're being silly," I quickly interjected, desperately hoping to rekindle Lois' earlier passion. Realizing that I had been a complete idiot for being so honorable and that I wanted Lois in the worse way, I softly said to Lois who was once again hugging the bed sheet to her chest, "Why don't you lie face down and let me give you a massage to help you relax. Trust me. I won't do anything you don't want me to do. Come on. Lay down." 

Lois hesitated but after a little more of fake reassurance from me, turned over on her stomach, making sure that the sheet covered her hips and buns while leaving her back and legs exposed. I placed my fanned hands at the base of her back with my thumbs on either side of her spine. Rubbing in tiny circles and short strokes, I worked my way up her back, kneading away the tension with my fingers and palms. 

By the time I finished with her shoulders and arms, Lois was sighing softly. I then worked my way down her back and then skipping over her buttocks, let each of my hand work its way down the backs of her legs. When my massaging hands began to slide up her long shapely legs, my thumbs gently but sensuously rubbed circles into her inner thighs until they reach the crease of her buttocks. Holding my breath, I firmly pressed and then slowly kneaded her spongy buns. When Lois only continued to moan, I slowly worked the sheet from her and spread her tantalizing buns, receiving a whiff of her feminine aroma. 

When I told Lois to turn over, she tried to cover herself, but I gently kissed her lips as I brushed her hands aside. Lying on her back, Lois's small breasts melted into her chest and would not have been noticed if not for her thick cylindrical nipples that jutted up and out. Her ruby tips stiffened noticeably under my caressing palms and scissoring fingers, and when my lips sucked first one then the other hardened tip, Lois groaned and pressed me to her boobs. 

"Did I tell you that I love little titties...always have...and yours are exceptionally amazing. You don't know how often I wanted to can suck your entire boob into my mouth... like this...and then do this..." My tongue then swirled and madly lashed her nipples, and I was delighted when her fleshy tips grew long, thick and hard in my mouth. My lips latched on to and tugged her rubbery cylinders from her heaving chest, released them, and did it all over again.

"Ooh, Lane, my boobs are so sensitive...hiss...ooh, how I love it when you suck my nipples hard...and pull them from my chest...hiss...so deliciously painful...god, how I love it! Ooh, yeah, nip my nippies...lightly with your teeth. Ooh, yeah, you're making me so so wet."

If Lois thought that I was satisfied with suckling her delicious titties, she soon discovered that she was sadly mistaken. Quickly sliding down her squirming body, I plunged my face between her tender inner thighs to seriously eat some black-thatched pussy pie. How I loved the way Lois squealed in surprised and tossed as I mouthed her swollen cunt lips and licked the length of her crack repeatedly. 

My forked fingers slid on either side of her love button, and then pulling back her fleshy hood, I flicked the tip of my tongue on her stiff clitoris causing her to gasp and jerk. Lois cried out when my mouth latched on to her sensitive love pearl, tugging and rolling it between my lips. 

Lois tossed and thrashed as she lifted her hips from the mattress to thrust her pussy into my face. She cried out when I inserted a finger into her hot wet cunt and then whimpered pitifully as another finger joined the first. As I furiously finger-fucked her twat, Lois' body trembled uncontrollably. Suddenly her building climax abruptly exploded between her widespread legs as she was consumed in mind-rendering convulsions. 

"Oh...my...God!" Lois breathlessly panted and trembled in the aftermath of sexual release, "I haven't had an orgasm like that in...shit...I can't ever remember!" Clutching me lazily to her, Lois kissed me leisurely before whispering, "In fact, I don't think I've ever climaxed like that. Damn it! What have I been missing out on?" 

Then wrapping my arms around her, Lois turned in my embrace on her side to press her buns against my spooning body. This allowed one of my hands to find and lazily fondle her small pointy tits while the other delved between the juncture of her soft inner thighs. Lois groaned loudly at my digital stimulation and wiggled that spongy butt of her lewdly against my groin. 

"Hey," Lois exclaimed in complete surprise as the length of my manhood made itself known by pressing hotly against her soft buns, "you told me you had erectile dysfunction. You could fool me given what's poking my behind." 

"Oops, my bad," I said sheepishly, "I thought I couldn't get it up...guess I was wrong." My erection then slid down the crack of her derriere to slip into the diamond form by her butt cheeks and inner thighs. "I think it depended on whom I'm with. My wife couldn't get this kind reaction out of me," I murmured as I kissed her shoulder and back of her neck. Slowly dry humping Lois' butt, I mumbled, "But all you had to do was push your lovely tush against me and...well, the proof is in the pudding." 

Lois let out a whimper of rebuilding erotic tension. "No – the proof," she murmured as she reached down to cup the head of my penis that was sliding between her legs, "is in...me." With that, she pressed my flanged head into her feminine opening and before I knew it, I slipped into and spread her incredibly hot slippery love tube. 

"Oooh, damn, Lane, you feel so...massive...and obviously, you have no problem... getting and maintaining a healthy hard-on...and what a fucking hard-on." Leaning forward, Lois pushed back to shamelessly grind and hump my embedded erection, sending me further and further into her with each thrust. 

For a middle-aged Asian woman who has regular sex with her husband, had given birth to three strapping young boys, and had a hysterectomy, Lois was super-tight. She was, however, so relaxed and turned on that she literally gushed with her sexual juices which lubricated my pumping cock and made lewd sucking sounds with each stroke. 

"Oh...oh...oh...yeah... don't stop. Just like that, Lane. Give it to me...faster...faster, Lane! Ooh shit...Lane...shoot! Don't hold back! Shoot! Fill my pussy with your hot sticky spunk!"

Needless to say, we missed much of the entire conference. In celebration of my newly discovered ability to sprout iron-hard boners and Lois' new sense of sexual freedom and spontaneity. I fucked Lois every chance I got, giving her countless orgasm and spewing what seemed like years of stored sperm into her willing orifices. 

In me, Lois found someone who truly appreciated her pear-shaped physical assets, found her tantalizingly sexy, and was willing to put her erotic needs before his. She basked in the attention that I heaped on her – and boy, did I do my best to heap a lot on her.

"Lane," purred an exhausted Lois, "Do you think we could justify skipping the entire conference to spend day and night in bed making love? If we could, I'd really appreciate it and would make sure that you don't regret your decision."

"Hmmm, I don't have a problem doing so since I'm your boss and no one back at our workplace would know whether we attended the sessions or not." Then I chuckled, "And if we pressed as to what we did at the conference, we could just say developing a "better working relationship" between the two of us." At this my trusted deputy who was giving my spent dick some oral resuscitation simply concurred by deep-throating my reviving dick. And so we fucked like rabbits, coming up for air only to have the room cleaned or for room service deliveries 

As part of her newfound freedom, Lois astonished me after one of our hot-and-heavy lovemaking session by saying that she wanted to try sodomy. She had read in some woman's magazine that if done right and with someone loved and trusted, the erotic pleasures of "the last taboo" could be overwhelming. 

"Lois, are you sure you want to do this? I've never done this before, and I don't want to hurt you. I mean, we really don't have to if you don't want to. Are you sure?" I knew I sounded like an idiot wimp and I know this may sound really strange since my Japanese lover was begging me to be the first man to fuck her beautiful butt and I was hesitating.

"Lane – will you stop it? You're ruining the moment and making me think that I'm somewhat undesirable. I know you won't do anything to hurt me. And yes, I want you to...sodomize...me. It has been something that I always wondered about but never found the right man to take my last virginity. 

"And before you ask – yes, the bastard to whom I'm married has wanted to and has tried for years to stick his dick up my behind ...even before we got married. And each time, I've refused him. So, here I am asking you to be my first, and what – you're balking?"

It seems that Lois had read several women's books and magazines that touted anal sex as the ultimate erotic experience when willingly allowed by the woman. At forty-three years of age, Lois was in a mid-life crisis mode, in her first extramarital love affair, and consumed with the heady sensation of impulsive and taboo sex. In this respect, sodomy was the ultimate expression of her liberation – with her deciding if to have it, with whom, and when her last virginity was to be surrendered. In her mind, she was willing, with me, and the moment was now. 
