 They say that good things come in small packages. No shit! My name is Myles and this story is a testament to the validity of this adage.

"You look confused," was the distinctly feminine comment that came from behind me as I tried to figure what size and colored top my daughter might like much less fit. Chuckling at my obvious dilemma, I turned to find an extremely cute but very petite Asian young woman. I tried my hardest not to stare but my second glance made me acutely aware of her carefully applied makeup and adult mannerisms. 

My surprised second glance of her must have been apparent for she quickly piped up, "Hey, I'm a grown up even if I'm obviously height-challenged. Honestly, I'm twenty-one years old and married. See," she said as her diamond ring on her left ring finger was held out in front of her. Her almond-shaped eyes twinkled at my obvious embarrassment and discomfort. "Don't feel bad. I'm kind of use to your reaction, and by the way, my name is Kami."

Recovering quickly, I introduced myself and then quickly changed the subject by asking what she thought of the outfit that I had picked out for my daughter. Kami asked me about my daughter's age and size, and I mumbled something about my daughter was twelve-year-old slightly larger than Kami. I wasn't too sure as to my daughter's tastes which earned a disapproving look from Kami.

In the ensuing discussion, Kami casually asked where my wife was and why wasn't she helping me. I mentioned that I was divorced and was trying to buy a birthday present for my daughter who was stateside with my ex-wife. In return, I asked about where was her husband, and her intriguing response was, "Oh, he's in the Navy and afloat (deployed at sea). He's not due back for a couple of months. It gets a bit lonesome being the only one in our quarters."

Kami then went about selecting some articles from a nearby rack that I would have never even considered. While I tried to imagine my daughter in what Kami had picked out, she browsed around and came up with a selection of her own. Seeing my dilemma, Kami giggled and said, "Look, I've got to try on my clothes. If you'd like, I could model your daughter's clothes too. They're a little big for me but you should be able to get an idea of what they would look like on your daughter. In return, I could use some masculine feedback on my own selections."

My daughter's selections looked edgy but still acceptable, and I told Kami that I couldn't have done it with her. She said to hang on while she modeled her own clothes for me, and when she came out, my jaw practically hit the floor. Kami's low-rider short-shorts hung so low on her narrow hips that they almost exposed her butt crack. Her skin-tight shorts seemed to be painted on to her, giving a tantalizing glimpse of her firm buns while accentuating the juncture of her inner thighs.

Her top, on the other hand, was loose and low cut with a draped front. I knew that Kami was small in the boob department but there was no hint of the padded bra that she had worn earlier. When Kami bent to retrieve a hanger that she just so happened to drop, she flashed me an unobstructed view of her braless small mounds. Each was a delicious snow cone of soft flesh topped with a puffy pink areola from which a tender pencil eraser nipple rose. Kami was so nonchalant about flashing me that I couldn't help but wonder if she was doing so on purpose.

"So, what do you think? Do you like what you see?" As l stammered that I did, l became acutely aware that I sprouted one hell of woody in my pants which Kami couldn't help but notice. If she did, however, she didn't seem bothered at or offended by my reaction to her charming delights. In fact, she deliberately gave me one hell of an enticing smile as she went through a series of provocative poses flashing me more of her unexpected bodily delights. 

When she came out of the dressing room, Kami beamed at me and taking my arm, pressed her petite body to me as she thanked me for my very favorable feedback. Hoping to prolong my encounter with this lovely pixie, I asked if she'd like to join me for a happy hour drink since it was already late afternoon. 

Kami beamed and said, "I thought you'd never ask. But I caught the bus downtown and I don't like riding during the after-work rush. If you give me a ride to the supermarket, we can get a bottle of wine and enjoy it at my place. I'm getting a bit tired of eating alone since my husband shipped out two months ago and it's been a while since I've 'been' with a man." Kami smiled slyly as I practically choked at her the possible double meaning of her words.

Our grocery shopping and drive to her house was filled with Kami's flirtation and my undivided attention. Her home was a small cozy one-bedroom cottage at the end of a long windy lane. Over a bottle of wine, Kami listened with intense interest as I shared how that when I had retired a large national corporation, I had decided to stay in Hawaii which was my last assignment. This was much to the chagrin of my wife who wanted to move stateside to be closer to her elderly parents.

After a lengthy series of endless arguments, we decided to divorce with my daughter living with my ex and spending only the summer months with me. This worked out fine since I had a two-bedroom condominium and a pension that was more than enough to live comfortably. The only thing missing was being alone and especially the lack of female companionship (hoping she'd catch my drift).

Kami, in turn, shared that her husband, Bill, was a career chief petty officer in the Navy. He was a bear of a man with strawberry blond hair, dancing blue eyes, and loud with a booming voice. It seems that besides the sea, Bill had two interests. The first was his addiction to adult anime or Japanese cartoons with sexual overtones.

This was how Bill met Kami who was working the counter of her parents' sundry store that sold a wide selection of his favorite reading material. She had just graduated from a San Diego high school and had been pressed into helping with the family sundry store that was next to the naval station. To Kami, she was eighteen and stuck in a boring job that didn't pay anything and went nowhere. It went without saying that Kami was desperate for an escape - any escape.

"Bill was like a breath of fresh air," Kami shared over wine. "A giant of a man, he was big, brassy, and white, and all the things that my Chinese parents hated. This made me love Bill even more. And on top of that, he was at the time immediately taken with her. It wasn't until after a whirlwind romance, elopement, and being disowned from the family that she discovered that Bill's second passion was petite women. 

"Doesn't Bill's taste in women bother you," I just had to ask.

"Oh, hell no!" exclaimed Kami. "Why should it? Look, I like big strapping and outward going men; not the wimpy shrimpy Asian guys that my parents and family kept introducing me to. I love guys who 'towers' over me like Bill and you. If I can have a certain preference in my men, what's wrong will Bill being drawn to very small women like me?

"Plus, while I've had other six-foot-plus guys, Bill was the first to take me seriously instead of as a bedroom curiosity. He wasn't ashamed to be seen with me in public or call me his woman. To him, I was a very petite Chinese-American woman who loved to fuck like a 'Singapore whore. ' Isn't that sweet? Bill was also the first to propose and gave me a ticket out of the virtual slavery of the family business. Am I glad that I took it."

When Kami saw the unspoken questions in my face, she quickly said, "Look, Bill was straight with me about his addiction to small Asian women. As he told me on the night before his first deployment after we got married, "Ah, Kami-girl, there's nothing like a sweet Oriental pussy struggling to accommodate my length and girth. But, honey, your goddamn juicy teenage twat was that first that easily stretched nicely around my pride-and-joy. You're a whole lot better than many of the diminutive hookers that I've had the pleasure of sampling in the Asian ports of call. I will surely miss this cunt of yours when I'm afloat.'" 

"When I asked Bill if he intended on indulging his passion for small women such as myself when his ship made harbor, Bill just hemmed-and-hawed, deliberately avoiding my eyes and question. Finally, I took matters into my own hands and told my newly wedded husband, "Bill, look at me. I don't expect you to be a celibate priest...if the is such a thing...when you're on shore liberty. A husband has to do what a man has to do when he's away for some marital pussy - just like a wife has to do what a woman has to do when deprived of some marital cock. Do you understand, Bill?"

"You should have seen Bill's face as his grin practically lit up the room. 'Oh, am I glad I married a foxy little chink who's not only hot in the sack but is fucking-understanding. There would be a great many of my Oriental lovelies who would miss having 'a piece of the rock' and me supplementing their families' incomes.'

"That's fine and dandy, Bill," I told him. "But you've got to promise that whosever tiny mouth, cunt or asshole you decide to fuck, that they will be willing, of legal age, and clean of disease. If not, I'm going to cut off your dick. Oh, and lastly, a bulk of your paycheck is wired back to me. I don't mind you supporting the economies of the ports you visit, but your wife comes first. Do you understand? If you don't, your nuts are the next to go."

"Bill gulped, but then busted out laughing when I saw a sly grin on my lips. 'You got it, Kami. They'll be willing, legit, and clean. You will get a bulk of my paycheck allotted to me.' With that promise, I asked if he'd like to see just how tightly my asshole could stretch around his big fat cock." 

I choked on my drink as I sputter, "But, don't you mind, Kami?"

"Which one? I don't mind being buggered every once in a while. And when it comes to Bill screwing other women when away, I'm okay with it. Hey, a sailor cooped up on a ship with only other guys need to get his rocks off. Plus, I know that the working girls that Bill screws couldn't ask more a generous and gentle lover. Bill's probably doing one right now in the Philippines where his ship was visiting." 

Then after savoring a sip of wine, Kami purred, "Plus, Bill never asked what or whom I'm doing when he is away." 

The air suddenly became thick with unspoken possibilities. I desperately sought to change the subject by commenting that the hardest part of retirement was dealing with the open time. I had always thought that I would have my daughter but was surprised when my ex-wife was so adamant about moving stateside soon after my retirement. Now I had a whole lot of free time and while I golfed, kept my six-foot-four body in shape at the gym, and was active. The one thing missing, however, was that there was no special to share my life with. 

At this Kami pressed her soft body against me and whispered, "You can be my 'sugar daddy' and spend all the time with me that you want."

I gulped at the sudden change of events. Words tumbled from my mouth in my apparent conflict of being undeniably turned-on sexually by Kami but struggling with the notion of screwing a married woman. I was unable to deny my bodily response ad attraction to her especially when she was pressing her hot little body against me, and finally blurted out a feeble "Why me?"

"Well, to begin with, I like you. You're my type of man, tall, hefty, good-looking, and you don't treat me like a little girl but as a woman whom I am. I also couldn't help but notice your physical reaction to me when I was modeling my clothes and was flattered." Then after a moment's pause, Kami continued, "But, unlike Bill, you're mature and polished...and most importantly, available in more ways than one." Kami hummed thoughtfully then said, "We're both lonely and attracted to each other... you are, aren't you?" 

When I blurted out that she was married, Kami beamed at me and she threw her arms around my neck and pulling me to her, surprisingly gave me a quick kiss. "Oh, thank you for mentioning 'that.' I knew you wouldn't try to take advantage of me like other guys who showed me no respect and would have no qualms screwing a lonely and horny housewife.

"But, to be honest with you, Bill and I have been parting ways for quite a while. I was initially a novel and legal means to an end, but have come to realize that he likes variety in his women. I'm not insulted or upset because that's just Bill. Plus, who am I to talk? Bill was an exciting means of escaping my traditional and restrictive Chinese family and their business. Back then, Bill was big, randy, and forbidden, but now he has become - well - acceptable. 

"But after a couple of years of marriage, Bill knows that it's too hard on me when he's away. He has told me he'd stay married to me until I find someone I like and am ready to move on. I just have found the right guy - until now."

Kami then said patiently as if explaining to a reluctant young boy, "Myles, we could do this the traditional way in which we date for a while to get to know each other and then sleep together. Or we can jump to the end by jumping each other right now. If we're sexually compatible, then we can get to know each other better. If we aren't, well, no-harm-no-foul in an evening's delight.

"And before you think it, no, I don't sleep with any old guy - but will also admit I have had made a poor choice or two along the way. I wouldn't be so horny if I had met the right guy. But life is short especially if you're short like me, and I need to find out if you're one of those asswipes or not.

"I don't think you are. I think you worth taking a chance on, if you're willing, that is. I'd like to get to know better...in a sexual way first...if you don't mind do it my way." With this Kami kissed me again but this was no friendly peck on the lips for her lively tongue danced in my mouth and giving me one hell of a hard-on. 

"Oooh," Kami cooed as she rubbed her pelvis against my pants bulge, "I love the way you kiss."

Kami then took matters into her own hands - literally and figuratively. Looking at me with twinkly eyes, her tiny hand absently drifted down my trembling body until it teasingly stroked my tented pants. "And lastly, you're especially nice and big...in more than one way. Is that what I think it is? Do I turn you on?"

Before I could answer her nimble little fingers were tugging my strained pants zipper down, releasing erection from my boxers like a genie released from the bottle. "Jeez," crooned Kami as my manhood swayed before her almond-shaped eyes, "What a nice candy cane my sugar daddy has. Can this bad little Chinese bitch have just a little taste?"

Any protest I might have voiced died a strangled death in my throat as Kami's lips wrapped themselves around my penis with her tongue swirling around my head. With her cheeks bulging with my presence in her mouth, Kami nodded her head and proceeded to blow me like never before while jerking my shaft with her two little hands.

It was graphically obvious that Kami was quite adept at giving head for she had no problem swallowing my big schlong. As I felt myself respond, I couldn't help but wonder why Bill was giving up the oral delights of his vivacious little Kami.

"Mmmm, you taste so good. Does my big "sugar daddy" want this naughty little bitch to suck him off and swallow his cum," Kami murmured before resuming penile licking and sucking as her two hands gripped and slid up and down my hard shaft.

Whatever reservations I may have held vanished when I saw the rapture on Kami's face as she gave me one hell of a blow job. Watching in amazement, my little China doll willingly and eager swallow my fleshy sword brought out my darkest dirty-old-man fantasies.

Oh, how I wanted to give into Kami by flooding her mouth with what seemed like gallons of sperm that were swelling in my tightening nuts. However, with a will of steel and an erection hard enough to cut diamonds, I pushed Kami back and began stripping her naked like I would unwrap a Christmas present. 

I was stunned when I beheld Kami in her brazen nudity. Her body could best be described as perfect for her wee size with perky tits might have been overlooked if not for mouthwatering puffy areola from which delectable nipples emerged. My mouth engulfed an entire mound, my tongue swirling around and lashing a tender rosebud tip. Kami moaned when my lips pulled on a stiff stubby nipple but cried out when I pulled it from her twisting chest before releasing it.

Kami heaved and turned as I finished pulling off her scanty garments to reveal a taut stomach and tight little buns. However, when I flipped her over and yanked off her shorts and panties, I uncovered a clean-shaven cunt. Unable to control myself, I hoisted Kami's shapely legs over my shoulders and grabbing her firm buns lifted her so that I could shove my face into her indescribably sweet pussy. 

My rasping tongue plowed a juicy mouthwatering slit sharply defined by her smooth swollen labia. I alternated sucked each thick pussy lip while my fingers tugged and tweaked her harden nipples, bringing moans from Kami. However, it was when my lips latched on her fleshy pearl with my tongue tip flicking on and polishing it that a shrill cry ripped from Kami's throat. Her tiny body arched sharply, violently shaking as if electrocuted when I tongue-fucked her tight little cunt until Kami exploded in gut-rendering convulsions.

My clothes flew in every direction as if clearing the deck for action. However, before I could do anything, Kami pounced on me, forcing me flat on my back. "Oooh, you nasty old man...taking advantage of a sweet young thing like myself...making me all hot and horny... ummm, how I want you...now it my turn...just lie there...and let me have my way with you..."

With that Kami straddled my hips and with one hand pressing against my chest, she leaned forward to reach between her legs to grab my swaying trouser snake. "Oooh... what a nice hard dick you have," Kami crooned as she plowed her juicy crack with my flanged head before pressing it into her oozing opening. "God, I love it...but... we've gotta go slow...I've learned from my mistakes...that there are jerk-offs out there that who take extreme delight in skewering a woman like me just to see me squirming in pain at the end of their dicks."

Slowly gyrating her hips, Kami slowly polished my flanged head between the fleshy folds of her snatch, whimpering like a bitch in heat as she built to pitch frenzy. Then with a sudden push, she sat down, and I found myself embedded in the tightest cunts that I had. 

"Oh, Jeez," Kami panted breathlessly as her seething velvet wetness pulsated around my embedded head. "You're stretching me up...filling me...and going oh so fricking deep...just the way I like it." Then moaning softly, Kami slowly pumped her slender hips up and down, and to my amazement, I slowly but surely sank into the incredible molten softness of her sizzling young body. 

I can't really recall what happened over the course of the evening. The night was a blur of vivid images of Kami, stark naked with sweat dripping from her glowing face and pert little tits - Kami whining as she rode the bucking bronco of my cock with wild abandon - Kami laying spent in a collapsed heap on my heaving chest - Kami sucking life back into my soften manhood - Kami on her hands and knees, wiggling her tight little buns, and begging to be fucked doggy-style in her asshole. 

By the time the morning sun rose, I knew that Kami and I were definitely compatible in bed and that I had found that special woman to spend my life. By the way, Kami is humping my hand that she had shoved between her legs that she felt the same way too about me.
