 "Hey! Nice dick!" 

My head swivels around as I hear a woman yell. She's two lanes over, leering from the passenger side window. I look at the Jeep between us, and Oh. My. God. There he is, hot as sin, one hand on the steering wheel and the other casually rubbing the sizeable bulge in his cargo shorts. The left turn light changes, and she whoops loudly as her car makes the turn. And then, inevitably, he turns and looks. At me. As I stare at him, as I stare at his...well, at his nice dick. He smiles at me, at least I think he does, though his sunglasses cover his eyes. Mortified, I look away. 

Then I hear horns honking and people shouting. The light is green. The light is green, you idiot gawker, I tell myself. I take off. Hopefully, I'll never have to face Jeep Guy again. It would be embarrassing; I'd have to explain the drool. 

This tedious, miserable week is finally over, and I'm on my way to one of my favorite getaway spots-a wooded park near my apartment. I have a blanket, a sexy book, and a giant bottle of iced tea stuck in the back of my Chevy Tahoe, and I'm going to run away and hide for the rest of the day. There will be no roommates and no stress, just blessed privacy and three-hundred pages of hot hero. I pull into the parking lot and see that I'm not the only one seeking a gretaway. Cars fill the lot. Still, I know a private, quiet, hidden spot where I can spread out my blanket, read my trashy novel, and relax. 

As I get out of the car I can't stop thinking about Jeep Guy. God, how hot was that? Touching himself where everyone couId see. Did I stare too much? I definitely stared too much. But he wanted me to watch! Damn, it's been too long since I got laid. I pull my bag out of the back of the SUV and when I reach up to grab the rear door, I can't help it. I lean against the car and rock my hips, just a little, against the rear bumper. I put a little pressure at the top of my legs, and wetness gushes between my thighs. I wish I was wearing jeans instead of a sundress. I seriously need some friction. A burly man glances at me from over by the picnic tables. He's staring at me as though he knows my pussy is soaked, and even though he's nowhere near as hot as the guy at the stoplight, he has what I want, because at this point, let's be honest: I just want a cock. 

I try to glance unobtrusively at him and imagine what he'd look like hovering above me, pounding into me. What would his face look like when he was cumming? He's okay, although he's definitely not as hot as Red Light Guy. The man keeps looking at me, and I think, What is the matter with me? I don't do strange men at the public park, and from the way he's standing there he's definitely a strange man. But I know why I'm looking-I know exactly why I'm looking-It's because of Mr. I'm-Going-To-Rub-One-Out-At-The-Stoplight. I clench my legs together as I straighten up and grab my bag. When another car pulls into the lot, the guy looks away just long enough for me to slip down the path to my favorite hidden spot. He's just lucky I didn't run over and jump on him. I'd have had him pinned against one of those picnic tables in a heartbeat. He wouldn't have stood a chance. 

*** 

I'm hidden away in my secret forest spot, but my raunchy novel is only torturing me more. In my mind, the hero has become a hot guy with weightlifter's muscles and large hands that stroke and squeeze his hard cock. Damnit, I can't stop thinking about the guy in the Jeep. I put the book down and close my eyes. This is ridiculous, I think. I can take care of this myself. I don't need some exhibitionist to help me along. My hand wanders down the front of my dress, and in my mind it turns into his hand, and mmmmmm. 

"Nice," a deep voice says. 

My eyes burst open, and standing over me is Mr. Sexy Package himself, wearing a blue tank top and khaki cargo shorts and oh my God, look at those bronze muscled arms and those big strong hands and that really really really nice dick. 

"What?" I croak. 

"You've got the right idea." I dimly register a slight Southern drawl as he says, "But I think we can help each other, maybe. I'm Eric." And he whips off his shirt and lies down next to me on my blanket. 

My mouth says, "I'm Jessica," while my brain is saying wait wait whoa whoa whoa! but honest-to-God, my pussy is literally flooding me with yes yes yes please, and this time, the pussy wins. 

"Hi, Jessica," Eric murmurs. He takes his sunglasses off and leans forward. Somehow I reach up and we kiss. He slides one big hand down my neck to the edge of my sundress. His tongue darts into my mouth as he eases the neckline down, exposing my breasts. Oh God. Rough fingers rub my nipple, pinching it as it hardens. I groan and his wet mouth slides down my neck and he licks my breast, whipping the tip into a hard pink peak. 

And then, suddenly, he lifts his head. "Did you hear something?" he asks. I shake my head and he smiles at me. As he bends his head to kiss me again, out of the corner of my eye I see movement in the bushes surrounding my sanctuary. It might be the guy from the picnic area, but then Mr. Holy Hotness latches on to my nipple and I close my eyes. I don't care if we're being watched because I may come from his mouth alone. 

He reaches down and pulls up the hem of my dress. I can feel him grin around my nipple when he discovers I'm pantyless. And then his thumb is circling my clit, and two thick fingers slide into me, parting the swollen lips of my pussy. He pumps rhythmically, syncing with the suction of his mouth and tongue. He's good at this, I think, and suddenly he grabs me and we flip and I'm on top of him, grinding on that big bulge. I look down at him and he smiles sweetly while reaching up and twisting my nipples. I'm completely exposed, my dress bunched around my waist. 

My brain scrambles. I pant, "I want...I want..." as my hands reach for the button of his shorts. Holy shit, he's HUGE, I think, running my hand up his length. I squeeze a little with one hand, curling my fingers around his cock, while my other hand pulls down his zipper. Is there anything hotter than the sound of a zipper unleashing some guy's dick? 

"You've wanted this since the stoplight, haven't you?" he asks. I start to answer, and then I see the big guy who was watching me when I arrived. He's standing behind the shrubbery, exactly where I thought I saw him before. His eyes look wild, but he stays behind the bushes, peering through the leaves. This is really turning out to be quite an afternoon- 

I lean down and lick Eric's neck, and then whisper in his ear, "We have an audience. Over there." I'm expecting a dramatic reaction, but I've forgotten who I'm groping. 

Eric just smiles and says, "Yeah, he's been there for awhile. He wants you, too, but I saw you first." He grins, that same smirk I saw at the stoplight, but now I know he's looking at me. Literally all the barriers are gone. 

And then Eric is suddenly above me. He's commando, too. He fists himself and then he's rubbing precum against my nub with that nice dick and he's dipping into my slit. I gasp, "I'm wet," and I can hear him growl in response. He's teasing me, taunting me. He's rock hard. "Oh yeah, you're wet," he agrees. "I'll bet he can see it from way over there. You've got my dick all lubed up, and if you want, I'm going to slide it right into that tight cunt." He rubs against me slowly. It feels so good. What a nice dick, I think. He draws back, and then slides over me again. "Is that what you want, Jessica? Do you want me to put my big fat cock in your little pussy?" His muscles are glistening with sweat, and he leans forward and bites my neck in that spot that makes me squirm. Now he's whispering in my ear. "That guy watching us? He's hard, jerking off because he wants to be the one to make you come. But I'm going to be the one fucking you. I won't need to jack off at the stoplight on the way home, because I'm going to come in your sweet pussy. Is that what you want? Do you want him to watch me make you come?" 

And I groan, "Yes." I only manage one syllable before he's inside me. He's so thick and hard. He pulls back and then he's in all the way. I can feel every ridge and vein on his cock. I can feel every spot he touches inside me, like a million nerve endings firing and firing and firing again until I'm over the edge. He fills me absolutely. I've never felt like this before. I know he can feel my orgasm as I clench around him, and he keeps pumping and rubbing and touching me everywhere inside until I feel him explode, too. I can feel jets of hot cum coat my insides, and it pushes me over the edge once more. He pumps more slowly, sucking on my neck until we both take a deep breath. Then he kisses me again, sliding his tongue against mine once, then twice. I can hear bushes rustling as our voyeur stumbles away, and then Eric mumbles against my mouth. "Well?" 

"Mmmmm," I answer dreamily. "Nice dick."