 "Hey... mister?" 

I looked up from tying my shoelaces when I heard the familiar voice. It was someone I'd been expecting to hear from for a few weeks now, after all.

You know how it is that you never notice someone until you get to know them, and suddenly, you keep seeing them? Yeah, well, that's pretty much what happened in the weeks after my second 'episode' with the neighbor's daughter. 

Damn, I really should have gotten her name... it sounds weird referring to her like that, but what could I do? She had flat out refused to tell me and I didn't think I should force her. She'd probably tell me in good time.

Anyway, the week after we'd done the deed in her apartment, I bumped into her on campus - I was there on business and had just finished my meeting with the librarian when I just about walked into her. The recognition on our faces was instantaneous, and strangely, there was no awkwardness. After exchanging a few pleasantries we chatted a bit and I gently reminded her of our scheme to rid her of the erstwhile bullies who were tormenting her. I could tell she was pleased I remembered, and then realized that she looked markedly different from the first time I'd seen her at the door to her apartment. She was much more vivacious and confident now, and for that, I was glad... I'd spent a few days after our last tryst trying to figure out if she was really going to do herself in.

A couple of weeks later, I walked out of my apartment just in time to see her getting into the elevator. I couldn't see who she was with, but I knew she'd seen me because she flipped up the back of her skirt and showed me her panties before stepping into the elevator.

Now, I suppose that could have been wishful thinking on my part, except that she did it again the next time I saw her. This time, I'd stepped out of the elevator while she was getting into her apartment. I think her parents might have gone in before her because I saw her turn to look at me and heard her say something to someone in the apartment, before she bent down, pulling down her pants and flashed her bare ass at me. No kidding, she did it right there, at the door to her apartment, and I could see it as clear as I can see my hand before my face... that round, luscious backside peeking at me between the hem of her blouse and the waist of her tights. Then she quickly pulled it up and was inside the apartment, the door closing just as I reached the door to my flat. I shook my head and grinned at the door. The little imp!

That was why I was quite surprised to hear how flat her voice sounded when she called out to me as I was leaving my apartment. It had been some 4 weeks since I'd last spoken to her at the university, and about 2 weeks since I saw her bare ass. She had seemed quite chipper then, so this change in tone was really quite confounding. I looked across the corridor at the face peeking around the door jamb of the apartment opposite, and saw that she really did look quite miserable. What had happened? Had the little scheme I'd suggested to her backfired?

"Sup?" I said brightly to her, trying to hide my concern. "You OK?"

"No," her lips were turned down, her forehead crinkled with a little frown. She was sans make-up or glasses, and In spite of her unhappiness, she DID look quite cute. "I'm not."

"You wanna talk?"

"Uh. Sure," she said, swinging the door open to invite me in. I took the action to mean that her parents weren't in town, which she confirmed seconds later when she closed the door: "My parents are away this weekend."

"OK, that's not a bad thing, right?"

"Ummm... no, I guess not. Except..."

"'Cept what?"

"Ummm... my... uh, my period's here..."

"Oh? Is it that bad? I can get you some..."

"No, no. Not that," she shook her head. "It's just... you know... they're away and... and we can't do it..."

Oh. So she was upset because we couldn't fuck. I smiled at her eagerness and changed the subject: "So tell me, did you try that thing I suggested with that bitch and her creep of a boyfriend?"

The change in topic did seem to distract her from her unhappiness for a bit.

"Oh yeah," she smiled. "That worked a treat! She's now extra nice to me, and he's staying far away from me."

"That's good," I smiled. Much of what the young people think they know is gleaned from the Internet and TV... not a lot of youngsters actually read today. That was what I was certain could be counted upon for my 'ruse' to work. "I'm glad."

"But I'm not," she began pouting again. "Because..."

"I know," I grinned. "I'm flattered, actually. But since you're alone in this apartment this weekend, why don't I stay over with you? Do you have any plans?"

"Huh?"

"You know, plans to have your friends over, stuff like that..."

"Uh. No. You mean you'd... you wanna stay over..?"

"Sure, why not?"

"But... we can't.. do it. You know. Because of my period."

"So what? We could always do other stuff. Like talk, watch cable. You know, stuff."

"Really? You wanna do that?" she looked at me with disbelief in her eyes.

"Yeah," I grinned at her. "I was going out for dinner but what the heck... why don't we go grab something to eat together?"

"OK," she beamed. "I thought..."

"... that I'd only be interested in sex? And nothing else?" I gave a mock pout. "You really know how to insult a guy!"

"I'm sorry... that's what I read..." she began, then she saw through my ploy and giggled. "You're terrible, you know?"

"In a nice way," I said confidently. "Shall we go out as we are, or do you need to get dressed?"

"Give me five," she said and bounced into her room. The door remained open as she changed, then she came out in a cute little top paired with a long skirt. Her belly peeked out from under the hem of the top, but otherwise, she was covered up quite nicely. 

"Nice," I complimented her. "Anyone ever tell you that?"

"No," she grinned with pleasure. "No one's ever said that about me or anything I wear."

"Oh dear... you've got to stop going out with blind guys!"

"Haha," she responded. "But thanks for the compliment."

We went out for dinner, to a place that was rather farther away from our apartment block. Just in case, you know, any of the other neighbors notice. Not that anyone would go running to tell her parents, of course, but... we thought it better to keep ourselves safe from questioning eyes.

It was pretty late by the time we were done with the meal and chatting, and made our way back to the block. We didn't come across anybody in the lobby, but took the elevator up to our floor separately just in case. She was waiting for me when the elevator doors opened, and kissed me full on the mouth when the doors closed behind me.

"Mmmmm," she murmured when we broke our kiss and started walking to her apartment. "I've missed that."

"Me too," I opined. "But we'd better get inside before the neighbors start talking."

She giggled, then asked: "So... are you gonna take an hour to get back to me?"

"Hell, no. I'll just go grab my toothbrush and pajamas and..."

"No need for that. I've got spares. Just for you." She turned away from me to open the door to her apartment, so I couldn't see the look on her face, but she sounded a little anxious to me.

She turned back to face me as the door swung open.

"Do you think I'm too forward? I know guys like to do the chasing but I thought..."

"No, I don't think you are," I kissed her on her forehead to assure her. "What did you think?"

"I thought... you know, when my parents are away, I could... you could come over... you know, and it would be nice, you know..."

"It is nice," I assured her as we stepped into her apartment and closed the door. "I'm flattered. Again."

"You don't think I'm..?"

"No, I don't," I said firmly, drawing her into a hug. "I just think you are a nice girl. And I think you need to know that. You need to believe that."

She nuzzled my neck and murmured her thanks before going to the fridge to grab us a couple of beers.

We spent the rest of the night watching cable TV, and made our way to her bed when she began snoring lightly against my chest.

We didn't do anything that night, so I thought I was still dreaming when I felt a hot, wet sheath encasing my engorged cock. It was moving up and down ever so slightly, and for a few moments, I thought I was five weeks back, reliving our early morning fuck. Then I realized I could feel teeth scraping against my skin and cracked open an eye.

It was early morning, and she wasn't on top of me like she had been the last time. No, what I saw was her hair on my pubis, her head bobbing slightly up and down while she tried to give me a blowjob.

"Hey, what're you doing?" I said as she tired, her movements slowing.

She looked up at me, her mouth still on my cock. "Mmmph..."

I reached down and cupped her chin, pulling her off my erection. Her mouth released me with a loud slurp, and she gave me a lascivious grin.

"Mmmm... I thought you didn't like the taste?"I enquired as she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, breaking the thin string of fluid that linked my throbbing cock to her lips.

'I... ummm... I thought, you know, I sh... I mean, I read that guys like..." she stammered, looking slightly embarrassed.

"What I'd really like is for you to lie here next to me," I said, pulling at her upper arms and hauling her upwards to lie on top of me.

She shook her head and I saw the slight flush on her face as I drew her nearer to me.

"I... I really want it," she explained. "When I woke up this morning and saw your... your cock... I felt... I mean, I was tingling, like last time. And I wanted to... you know..."

"Oh, why didn't you say so?"

"But... I'm having my period..."

"OK, so it'll be messy. You have any towels you don't want anymore?"

"Eeeew," she made a face. "No, I couldn't..."

"Well, why'd you start the engine if you weren't gonna drive anywhere?"

"What do y..? Oh. No, I just thought... you know, at least one of us can enjoy..."

"You know what I'd enjoy most? I'd enjoy hearing you scream again like you did the last time."

Her face colored even more deeply when I mentioned our last session. Clearly, she had no trouble remembering that.

"But... but you won't... I mean, you can't..."

"Shush," I cut in. "I don't have to. I enjoy your company, so YOU don't have to do anything you don't want to. Or don't like."

"Are you sure..? I mean, I heard the girls say that guys really like..."

"I don't dislike it," I admitted. "But I really prefer it when we can enjoy it together."

"You really are a nice man, you know," she smiled and hugged me. "I can't believe anyone would wanna give you up."

Well, I know at least one person who'd disagree with that. I told her about my divorce and how my ex took me to the cleaners. How it had taken me years to get out of my funk and how I'd had so many women pass judgment on me just because I was divorced - they always thought I was completely at fault even though they hadn't even taken the time to know me yet. Yeah, I know... pretty common story.

"Sad thing is, I know now I wasn't ready to be married, you know?" I ended off my story as she hugged me tight. "I think we were both too young, too immature and much too ignorant about love to even begin being married."

She sighed and kept quiet for a bit, then murmured something.

"What?"

"I said, I'm sorry it happened that way... but I'm glad it did too, because if none of that happened, I wouldn't be here today." Her voice was soft and small. "I... I'm sorry..."

"I'm not," I replied into her hair. "I'm glad too. Because you shouldn't be thinking about dying now. You should be happy to be alive. To have your whole life ahead of you."

She lifted her head and I saw the tears in her eyes.

"I have that only because you came along," she said, smiling. "You're my guardian angel."

"I've been called lots of things, but never a guardian angel," I responded, pulling her up further. Her breasts were now at the level of my mouth.

"Ooooo... fuck, that's... ohhh..." she moaned as I drew one nipple into my mouth and began suckling gently at it. It tightened into a hard knot, in tandem with her other nipple, which I'd started rubbing with my fingers. She began humping my leg, and although I could feel her pad pressing on my thigh, I knew she was enjoying the sensation. 

I sucked on and played with her breasts and nipples until she came... apparently unexpectedly.

"Oh. Oh. OHHH!" she yelped, then collapsed onto me, panting heavily. "Oh god..."

I kept silent and hugged her until she got her breath back.

"I... that was good," she proclaimed after a while.

"ONLY good?" I teased.

"It... you know, it's different."

"No, I don't know. In what way was it different?"

"It felt good, but... it wasn't like the fireworks the last time."

"So you didn't like it?"

"Yes, of course I did... but I... it makes me want... it more..."

I grinned at her. "So what are you gonna do about it?"

"I... don't know. Maybe..."

"You wanna fuck anyway?"

"Uh. Mmmm. No. I still think it's... eeewwww..."

"OK, so what would you want to do then?"

She sighed sadly. "I guess... we should wait. Until the next time."

"OK, sure," I smiled at her. My finger slipped under the waistband of her panties, into the groove of her buttocks.

Her eyes widened as I played with her anus, probing lightly at the puckered entrance. Every now and then, I pushed inwards a little, then pulled it out, feeling her muscular entrance gripping strongly at my finger. She didn't protest at all, and let me play with her asshole for a bit before saying: "You're washing that before breakfast."

I laughed and replied: "So... you didn't like that?"

"Ummm," she hesitated, blushing a little. "I was thinking... you know, it might be interesting..."

"To do in in your ass?"

She nodded and turned away so I couldn't see her face. "Uhhh... yeah. But not now. You're washing your finger because it's icky. With my period."

"And other stuff."

"What other stuff?"

"You know. Your stuff. That came out just now when you came."

"You!" she turned back to look at me and smacked me on my chest. "Owww."

"You should stop hurting yourself like that," I said mischievously. "Hitting me isn't gonna do you much good."

"Yeah. I just gotta grab hold of that... dildo. You know, and shove it up YOUR ass..."

"Hey, no fair," I feigned indignation. God, the girl may have been an innocent before this, but she was certainly more than willing to experiment now that she had had a taste of sex. It looked like I'd created a monstrous desire in her. "Not before I've done it to you."

She giggled. "Remember to keep your promise the next time."

"Sure. With an ass like that, I'd have to be senile to forget!"

"Words. Just words. You'd better back them up with actions."

"Like this?" I slipped my finger into her ass again and she moaned softly.

"Stop it," she pleaded. "It's driving me nuts that we can't do it."

"OK, OK," I said, withdrawing my finger from her clutching anus.

"You want me to cook breakfast again?" she asked, pushing herself up off me. "Ohhh... shit. I don't wanna leave this."

"Me neither," I agreed. "But we do need to get something to eat. Before I faint from hunger."

"Oh, OK," she said, rolling back onto her side of the bed. "Go wash your finger first."

I laughed as I made my way to her bathroom, then went to the kitchen to find her getting the bacon out from the fridge.

"Hey, better let me do that," I said. "Remember what happened the last time you tried to cook that?"

"OK. Uh. No, I think I should do this," she changed her mind about letting me cook for her. "I know where that finger's been."

"Only to a very nice, accommodating place," I grinned at her, waving my hand under her nose. "Washed and clean now."

"Well, if you insist," she sighed in mock disappointment. "I'll get the eggs and juice then."

As we went about preparing breakfast I asked her about her friends, and about studying at the university. She revealed that she had had very few friends at the university because she had moved into town just a couple of years before. She hadn't had time to make many friends at school before she graduated high school, so her friends were even fewer at the university.

"You know, I thought it was nice of you," she suddenly said when the bacon was done and I was plating the strips with sunny side ups and some grilled tomatoes.

"What?"

"Coming over to the university the other day like that."

"Oh? Why?"

"Because... you know, that girl? She saw me talking to you. And then when I... told her what you taught me to say, she believed me. She looked really scared."

I thought to tell her that I had been on campus that day because I was on a business call, but decided against it. It didn't matter anyway. The result was the more important thing.

"How scared was she?"

"Fucking scared," she giggled. "She was so scared she apologized again and again. And then she... she offered to let me fuck her boyfriend."

I looked at her. "Wow. That's... quite a back down."

"Yeah. You know what? A couple of months ago, I think I might have considered that. But..."

"But what?"

She looked at me, grinning. "You jealous?"

"Whaaat? Me? Nawww," I said.

"No?" she had a weird look on her face and I wondered if she was joking.

I looked away. To be honest, I didn't know how I felt about it when I heard it. It was more like a factoid, a bit of news than anything else. But I didn't want her to think I didn't care if it mattered to her.

"Hey, don't," she said behind me. "I wasn't even the least bit interested."

I turned back to look at her. "No? Why not? I thought you said..."

"That's because... OK yeah, he's one of the cool guys on campus, but after what happened... I guess I kinda feel differently now. Cos he's really just an asshole."

I laughed. "Wow, you're learning fast."

"Besides, I don't think it would be as good."

"What wouldn't be as good?"

"Sex. You know. I told you, I couldn't stop thinking about it after we first, you know, did it. And the next time... it was even better. And I heard... you know how girls talk..."

"Uh. No, I don't. I don't know how girls talk," I responded. I honestly didn't. I wasn't in the habit of listening in when women talk to other women.

"Oh. Heh. Mmmm... you know his girlfriend? She told her friends how he was a stud and how he made her feel. And you know, it didn't sound half as exciting as how you make me feel."

"Flatterer," I said again. "But thanks for the compliment."

"Worse," she continued, grinning. "She talked about how he managed to 'do her' for all of 5 minutes. And I was thinking, 'Wow, 5 minutes. My mister can do way better than that.'"

"Uh oh. Pressure," I joked. "Now I've gotta live up to your expectations."

She hit me with her palm, albeit lightly. "You don't even have to try," she said, her eyes shining. "You're just... oooh. Thinking about it is making me... mmmm..."

"Horny?"

"Yeah," she smiled. "I just wanna jump on top of you and fuck again. And again."

"Good girl!" I said. "You've said the 'F' word. Without hesitation too."

"Fuck you," she said without rancor.

"Gotta keep your promises, you know," I teased.

"I will. Just you wait," she promised. "I still think it's icky doing it now, but... well, my dad and mom leave town quite a bit, so you'll get yours."

"Oooooh. Is that a threat? Scary!" I laughed. "Should I be worried?"

"Oh, you should be," she bantered as we sat down for our meal. "You should be."

I showed my furrowed brow and she laughed. "You're cute, you know that?"

"So are you," I smiled. And I really meant it too. She was really quite a nice young woman. Maybe she was a little too overawed by her parents, but she was clearly someone who enjoyed life.
