 Hey Lady! A Tale Of The UPS Man

The rain starts pouring really hard and the UPS man beeps his horn he has a package for delivery. With me and my t-shirt I grabbed on a pair of shorts and headed down to get my mail. As I walk over to the truck my front door slams behind me from the wind. I am now locked out of house.

"Oh shit!" I said and the driver heard me.

"Are you ok?" he asked

I told him my front door just slammed and I am locked out. As I was trying to lean into his truck to keep warm, I noticed him eyeing up my wet shirt clinging to my breasts, It was so quiet I didn't know what to say. He asked if he could help me get into my house. He had to be very nice as it was raining it's ass off.

We tried several things but nothing worked. By now we were both soaked and giggling, Was a nice warm rain so it wasn't that bad! Then he offered to put me on his shoulders to the upper window. I almost had it when I started to fall.

We both just lay on the ground laughing, Then all of a sudden he kissed me, he said he couldn't help it I was looking so good to him at the moment. Wow, what a kiss! I could feel the heat rising up my back...he pressed his hard body against mine, and it felt strong and good. I asked if he would suck on my nipples as they were popping out of my shirt I was so aroused.

He took my breast and firmly held it and started to slowly lick my nipple as it got harder, then he engulfed my nipple into his warm mouth rolling his tongue all over my nipple giving me jolts and shivers. I could feel a rather nice package rising in his pants, the heat of the moment got to me I wanted to fuck him so bad.

Next thing I knew we were both naked rolling around in the grass and mud, just licking and sucking all over every inch of our bodies, I could feel the rain running all over my body, I could also feel the wetness between my legs!

His soft kisses and strong hands were driving me crazy. He proceeded to go down on me licking very gently and slowly and flicked his tongue onto my hot clit. I wanted to explode but thought I better wait. He ravished my pussy lips into his mouth very hungrily. He knew how to eat good pussy and had the appetite to do it. He begged me to cum into his mouth, I wanted to so bad.

I rolled him over and mounted on top of his face. He grabbed my hips and pulled my clit even closer for him to suck it into his warm mouth. Something came over me and I felt so damn good I was ready to cum all over his face. My hips proceeded to ride up and down on top of his face as he pulled me in to suck even harder. I was moaning like crazy now cumming all over his face and he was sucking up the juices that I put all over him, he was a hungry person. Before I finished cumming he threw me down on the ground with my belly facing down. I didn't even have the chance to get up on my knees he whipped out his big thick 8 inch cock and shoved it right into my pussy.

Oh my, feeling it slide into my wet throbbing pussy drove me into another orgasm. He hit bottom with that big cock and drove me wild for minutes fucking me so hard. I was screaming with delight feeling that large cock fuck me real hard. He rolled me over and mounted onto my belly, showing me his large cock.

I put it right between my tits and begin to titty- fuck him as he rocked onto my tits. I would give him a lick or two in between slides.He started to cum, so I went faster and jerked him off with my big nipples rubbing all over his head. His cum was shooting all over my face and tits.

Anyway, I'm laying there on my back in the pouring rain and still very horny. He just shot this big load all over my face and tits, and the rain seems to be washing it off my body. He is still sitting on top of me and moves his body closer to my face. He takes his big cock into his hands and on his knee's and pinned down my arms with his knee's. He strokes his big cock right in front of my face for a few minutes teasing me. He starts to slap my face with his hard cock. I can feel the warmth when it touches my face, slapping my lips hard with his big cock I try to get a taste but he is too quick.

He says to me "Now I want you to swallow me whole, can u do it?"

Well he is quite hung so I am not sure. With my hands still pinned down he slowly has the head of his cock enter my mouth. Such a round smooth head and thick as can be. It fits in my mouth pretty good so I start to suck on the head rolling my tongue all around his head, pushing my tongue into his pre-cum hole. As I start to suck in more of his cock I can feel it start to slide down my throat, I can feel the ridges hitting the walls of my throat.

I want to make him happy and swallow him whole but it's such a big cock, Seems the more I swallow the more he keeps growing. His hips are now grinding into my face i can feel his balls on my chin, I can hardly breathe and feel like I am going to choke. Finally I can feel his whole cock in my mouth and I feel this rush of warm sensation down the back of my throat as I can feel him Cuming down my throat. My pussy is so wet now again

His perspective Jerry hops down out of his truck and grabs the bag of volleyballs off the seat. It's raining so he's not paying attention to much except his need to be quick to avoid getting soaked. Of course the whole reason to bring the stuff by your place early was to see if there was any chance for some fun to be had. You see his long cock was aching for some attention, and he was hoping you would be the one to give it too him. 

He makes his way to your door, only to see some motion on the side of the house. As he peeks around the corner he sees the back of a man, sitting atop a woman's chest. Both are naked. Her legs are spread and her clean shaven pussy is open to his view. He feels the familiar surge of blood rush to his manhood as he takes in the scene. 

Jerry's accidentally bumps into the house and the UPS man turns in quick shock. Feeling like a deer caught in the headlights and assuming Jerry is your husband, Mr. UPS jumps up grabs his clothes and runs to his truck before you have a chance stop him. 

Turning back from this scene you know see Jerry towering over you, he's taking in the view of your naked wet body splayed out in the grass before him. His long hard cock pulses in his hand as he strokes it to its full length and thickness. 

Looking up you are mesmerized by the beast between his legs and a new found wetness finds itself between your legs. Your pussy aches to fucked by this excellent specimen of cock. You seductively slide your legs wider apart and bend your knees up. Then sliding you hand down across your belly, you use your fingers to splay open the swollen lips of your pussy, offering yourself to him.

You see the grin spread across his face as he steps out of his shorts and kneels down between your legs. 

"It looks like you need a good fucking" he says matter of factly,

As he positions the silky smooth crown of his throbbing meat right on your clit and begins teasing you with it. You feel the heat of his dick head against your clit and begin involuntarily thrusting your hips up to meet this weapon of flesh and bone. 

Readying his position, he slides the thick helmet down to your pussy hole, and then without warning or regret sinks his long cock all the way into you. You feel so full, the heat radiating off of him fills your cunt as new wetness follows old lubricating your pussy hole for his pending assault. 

He begins a long slow retreat, and then as the head merely peaks out of your hole, he drives the cock deep into you again. He begins to establish a rhythm as you get fucked like never before. The fullness and emptiness that alternates as he moves in and out is maddening. You feel light headed and euphoric as he plunges thrust after thrust into your hot sex. 

Finally, the feeling is overwhelming and you begin to feel the long slow roll of your orgasm. It starts at your toes and works its way up your body until your chest and face flush red for the heat. Finally it crests and you are enveloped in the feeling of utter bliss as your orgasm overtakes you. 

His strokes are never ending, continuous, intrepid, stead fast in their frequency and pace. He shows no signs of speeding up or slowing down, just ongoing repetitive solid fucking. Before you have time to recover from your first orgasm, another begins to follow closely behind, then smaller tremors one after the other as the relentless fucking of your pussy goes on. 

Orgasm after orgasm sends you to a place you have never been...slowly everything fades away. 

You awake with the feeling of warm water surrounding you, you are in the tub of your bathroom. Jerry sits beside the tub, slowly washing you with a soapy cloth. 

"You blacked out" he says, "I didn't realize it was so intense" he continues. 

You look down to see that his beefy manhood, pulses gently between his legs somewhere between ¾ and fully erect. It's taunting you, egging you on, and baiting you to touch it. You reach down and take it firmly in your grip, it immediately springs to full attention...

What happens next, I cannot imagine.