 She doesn't realize that her door that leads to the adjacent room is not locked, at the bed and breakfast she is staying at. As she lies on the bed, legs spread wide, her hand plunging a dildo into her pussy while rubbing her clit furiously, a deep moans escapes from her lips, loud enough for the guy staying in the room next to her to hear.

She thinks she is safely hidden in her room as she plans on a day of self pleasure but does not realize that he is standing on the other side of the door, hand on the doorknob listening, when her first orgasm hits her and she groans over and over. His hand on his crotch, imagining his cock giving her the pleasure she is seeking.

As he feels his cock get harder at the sound of her first orgasm, he begins to rub the crotch of his jeans faster. His mind races... should he open the door and take the chance of scaring her half to death and ruining the whole adventure? What if she is ugly? He doesn't let that thought linger too long. An idea hits him. He takes off all of his clothes and lies down on his own bed.

Pouring some of the bath oil that the hostess of the bed and breakfast was kind enough to leave on the dresser in his hand, he begins to stroke his cock. Before long his big cock is rock hard and throbbing... imagining his neighbor playing with herself is fueling his imagination and he begins to moan loudly, hoping that she will hear him just as clearly as he had heard her.

While she is massaging her breasts with the oil that was left in her room, she hears loud moaning coming from next door. What a deep, sexy voice he has, she thinks to herself... oh, the thought of a hard cock right next door has her hot again and she is not sure what to do. Naked, she slides out of the bed and walks over to the door between the rooms, puts her ear to the door and listens. His moans are clearly heard and she can hear him hissing as he gets closer to his orgasm. Her hand is between her legs, rubbing her clit while she listens. She needs to be fucked by his cock, who ever he is, her pussy dripping wet.

Her hand on the doorknob, she turns and to her surprise, finds that it opens all the way. Her breath sticks in her chest as she slides it open just a crack. She peers in and on the bed is this incredibly gorgeous man with this beautiful chest, neck and arms; long strong legs and a huge throbbing cock in his hand, stroking it up and down the length of it. She is watching him, breathless by the vision. She is not sure if she should go in and climb on his cock and ride it fast. She wants to but realizes he is a total stranger.

She turns back into the room, looks at the mirror and sees herself. Pretty by most standards but not tall... full breasts and hips with a small waist; long legs, smooth, and creamy white; bare pussy between.

Her cheeks flushed, brown green eyes sparkled by her arousal and her hair a little tussled from lying on the bed. She walks back to the door and peers in again and realizes he is just about ready to cum and she gets to watch. She moans as she watches him stroke up his cock. He hears it and turns towards the door. Shocked, he stops stroking his cock for a second and looks toward the door just in time to see his neighbor duck out of sight. Smiling to himself he continues, only louder this time. "Oh, yesss... oh fuck... I am going to cum... yesssssssssssssss..." he lets out a guttural scream and his rock hard throbbing dick begins shooting a gigantic load, the first shot of which hits him in the neck just under his chin... the second his chest... the third his belly and then streams of white hot cum begin landing everywhere... 

Half way through his orgasm he hears her having another of her own. She must have turned to lean against the wall and fuck herself silly as she listened, because the pictures hung on his side were moving as if being fucked themselves. Cleaning himself off quickly with a towel, he moves over to the telephone. Loud enough for her to hear he orders a some strawberries and chocolate syrup from their hostess and asks they be sent to his neighbor's room with a card. His voice becomes low and she cannot hear any more of the conversation. "Shit", she thinks to herself. "Someone will be at the door soon." She quickly closes the door as quietly as possible and dresses.

A few minutes go by, and there is a knock on the door. Opening the door, she finds her hostess with a covered tray, which she places on a small table near the bed. "For you, my dear", she says and exits with a sly smile. Lifting the cover to find the strawberries and chocolate syrup, she reads the card. 'Here's to hidden passions, let me hear you again'.

Knowing he heard her orgasms, her cheeks flush from embarrassment but further thought has her wondering if this is something she should pursue. The man had a gorgeous cock on him and the way he moaned, she knew she would be lost if she had to hear him again and not be there to do something.

Because she was not sure how fast they would come up to the room, she has slipped on her blue silk gown over her naked body and now wonders if she should have worn more. She moves over to the door and knocks on the door that separates her and that gorgeous man. She hears his footsteps walk towards the door, her heart starts to race. "What if he doesn't like brunettes?" she thinks to herself. "Hold on, he sent you the strawberries and chocolate, so why not?" She braces herself to see the beautiful stranger who heard her pleasure herself and as the door opens, her pulse starts to race, her pussy soaking wet with anticipation and her nipples erect with arousal. She looks up at him, tray in hand, and asks, "Know what I should be doing with these?"

With a sly smile he looks down at her and sees the unsure yet ravenous look in her eyes, and with his peripheral vision... his cum spent cock hanging a hairs width away from her belly. He slowly takes a strawberry by the stem and dips it deep into the bowl of chocolate sauce, drenching his fingers as well. Reaching down he rubs her clit with the chocolate covered strawberry and watches the surprise and excitement in her eyes as he inserts it into her hot dripping pussy and then reaches for another. He does the same with the second... and the third... fourth... and fifth. Her eyes widening more with every insertion and her breath giving the impression that she is going to faint from the pure excitement of this forward yet erotic behavior.

He pushes her against the door jam and uses his feet to spread hers apart... she feels him begin to lower himself and as his mouth passes her ear..." don't you drop any" she hears him whisper. He bites at her nipples on his way down and replaces his teeth with his fingers as he continues his journey to his knees. Pinching her nipples hard he looks up at her, his lips so close to her that she feels his hot breath on her cool chocolate covered clit. Unexpectedly, he commands her... "show me how strong that cunt is... use those tight inner muscles of yours to make me some strawberry puree you horny little slut." And he extends his tongue so she can feel the tip on the small piece of skin between her pussy and her puckered little ass hole.

Knowing she did have a tight little hole as she loved to exercise it knowing how much pleasure it gave her partners when she squeezed their cock in her, she started to squeeze the strawberries within her pussy, feeling the juices starting to flow out of her... Surprised, he hesitated for a moment, not expecting to find strawberry juice squirting out. He regained his composure and tipped his head between her legs, tasting the strawberry juice intermingled with her own juices... he inserted his fingers into her hot hole, wanting to taste the strawberries covered in chocolate covered pussy juice and slowly pulled out the strawberries, one at a time, eating each one, watching her watching him. 

When he pulled the last one out and ate it, he stood up and took the tray out of her hands are she looked like she would drop it, grabbed her hand, pulling her to the bed. He placed the tray where he could still reach it from the bed, and sat on the edge, pulling her next to him. As she sat down in a daze, he got up and pushed her down so that her legs hung over the edge. Knowing her pussy was filled with chocolate, he wanted to lap at it, wanting to feel your orgasm on his face.

He spread her legs and plunged his tongue deep inside of her, tasting the sweet chocolate and her sweet, salty juices. His teeth grabbed her clit, nibbling softly, then a little more rough. Her hips started to buck from the pleasurable torture. He knew she would cum soon and went back to licking her pussy, dripping with juice and chocolate wanting to feel her explosion. She did not disappoint him. When she came in his face, her legs shook uncontrollably and her hips gyrated on his face. Her moans were loud, which he liked.

As she came down from her euphoria, he took a little more chocolate with his fingers and added it to her already moist pussy. She wondered why he was doing that when she realized that he was going to thrust his cock into her pussy and use it as lube. He teased her clit with the tip and slowly thrust his cock into halfway, her back arched from the pleasure. She could smell the scent of heated chocolate in the room and it added to her feeling of sensuality as his thrust became more heated and faster. But suddenly he stopped, pulled his cock out, smiling... he got onto the bed and straddled her chest so that his cock was right at her lips. She got the idea and licked the tip... mmmmm chocolate covered cock... she knew she would enjoy this. As he stroked his cock in her face, she licked the head of it, tasting his juices and the chocolate. What a decadent feeling she was having. She knew he was close and could hear him moaning louder as his cock became so engorged and ready to cum. She wanted to taste his hot load in her mouth, so she grabbed at his balls while he stroked himself and heard his loud groan at the pleasure he felt. "Oh yesssss, I'm cumming... cumming on your face..... ahhhhhhhhh!" With that, his creamy white juices shot out into her mouth, tasting salty sweet and she swallowed every drop she could.

His cock once again cum spent, he rolls off of her and lies on his back, his head dangling from the edge of the bed. She thinks to herself that it has been quite an experience and wonders if she should return to her room and let him doze. As she began to rise, she felt something tug at her hair. "Where do you think you are going? Leaving before you are finished??? And I mean FINISHED..." Something about that made her a little nervous and very, very stimulated. With that the hand he had clenched in her hair pulled her face toward his crotch. "Open up, suck me hard again, and let's see what other fun we can have.

With that, she took his flaccid cock into her mouth and moaned delightfully not only at the taste of both their juices and chocolate but at the thought of continuing this unexpected adventure. She felt him begin to swell in her mouth. 'Oh, yes, yes... he is coming back to life... she had never had a man that could orgasm more than twice in day without passing out and the thought was making her senses reel. She began to lick and suck his balls while she stroked him. He moaned his approval and held her head tight so she had no choice but to continue licking him. She thought it strange, but she rather enjoyed being in his control.

When he was quite hard again, he released her hair and grabbed a strawberry from the tray. Dipping it in chocolate he looks to her. "I noticed that you enjoy watching." He places the strawberry half way in her mouth and bites the other half off, their lips touching in a sticky delicious embrace. "go over near the door and let me watch you... go over near the door and make me NEED to stroke my cock again until I cum screaming. Let's see if you've got it in you to make me shake these walls. And don't worry, you keep making me hard and I am going to keep cumming, so do what you need to do without fear that it will end in a hurry."

She stands up and walks over to the door, turns to face him. She slides her hands over her ample breasts, pinching her nipples and kneading her tits. She notices his hands glide up and down over this long shaft with those strong arms. His eyes slightly open as he is watching her but trying to concentrate on his cock as well. Looking at him, she wonders how she got so lucky to find a gorgeous single man in the room next to her, making her wildest sex fantasies come true.

She leans on the door and slides down so her hands and knees, turns around so that her ass is facing him. She arches her back up and using her hands, she slowly fingers her tight little ass, noticing his hands gliding on his cock faster and harder now. She looks back over to him, lifts an eyebrow and asks, "Do you like this?" He moans his approval as he sees her finger slide completely into her ass. She leans down so she is on one shoulder and uses her other hand to rub around her pussy and clit. His starts to stroke harder as he watches fingers fucking her pussy and ass, love that looks on her face and hearing her moans, louder as she is getting close to her orgasm again.

Stroking his cock harder and faster... Mmmmmmm... yes, yes... oh yessss you sexy thing... cum with me... cum with me NOWWWWWW... and with that she sees that hot white thick cum spewing from his cock hole and all over his belly, running down his hand onto his cock and down his balls... and it puts her over the edge and she begins screaming her own orgasm... 

She falls in a lump on the floor exhausted from her exhibitionism. Wiped out but proud of herself that she could coax the cum out of suck a delicious looking cock she moans softly to herself. Standing, she leans against the inside of the door and looks at him. "Mmmm what a sexy bitch you are." He says and it shocks her. Seeing the indignant look on her face he reacts. "Yes, that is right, I said bitch. Now get that tight little cunt over here and lick the cum from me like the hungry little nasty slut that you are.

With that she stomps back into her room and slams the door, falling backward to lean against it, she finds herself aroused in a naughty kind of way...

She knows that is what she secretly loves to be called but never had a man to actually call her that before... she was so hot that she wanted to turn back around and rape the man but thought she will entice him over to her room.

She reaches under her bed for a small suitcase and opens it up. She has a sly grin on her face as she pulls out a massive dildo, vibrator and an anal stimulator. She has never used the anal toy but figures he might be able to teach her. She gets on the bed, her ass facing his door and picks up the dildo and places it at her pussy lips... slowly, playing with her lips, easing it into her pussy slowly with the juices and chocolate. She moans loud enough for him to hear and the faint sound of foot steps are heard on the other side of the door. She hears the doorknob move and sees the door open slightly.

She starts to move the dildo into her pussy slowly and deeply, moving her hips with the rhythm. Her moans are getting louder as the intensity of the dildo thrusts hit her G-spot, her hips bucking a little. He opens the door so he could stand in the room and watch. He notices the vibrator and walks over to the bed, grabs it, turns it on and unmercifully, jabs her clit with it. The shock of it puts her over the edge, her orgasm hits fast and hard; she is screaming and bucking her hips fast against the dildo. To add to the sensation, he suddenly slaps her ass a few times, adding to all the pleasures her body is feeling and starts on another orgasm... He picks up the anal stimulator...

He looks down at her luscious tight asshole raised up to him... almost begging him to fuck it and fuck it hard. He turns the knob up to the highest level and she can hear the little motor going crazy in his hand. 'Oh my God, yes', she thinks to herself. 'Please, please fuck my ass... I have never had one before but now more than ever I need a Master to treat me like the slut that I am.' Shocked at the thoughts she is having she is glad she did not say it out loud. He gently traced the puckered circle of her tight little hole. "So you ARE a cock hungry little slut, aren't you cunt?" Her face flushed, half embarrassed, she answers sheepishly..."yes." "And I know very well that you so badly want your ass fucked deep while you rape your own cunt with that big fat plastic dick..." Another sheepish, "yes". He begins to push the vibrating ass plug in and pulls it quickly out. "Little bitch, you will get what you deserve... and until you learn to do as you are told, you don't deserve a thing."

Moving around to the other side where her head is facing, he climbs up and kneels in front of her on the bed. She sees that his cum is still stuck to his cock and has begun to dry on his balls. "I told you to lick the cum from me and that is exactly what you are going to do, my little cum whore." He puts the intensely vibrating toy under her chin and she can feel it make her teeth chatter... making her whole head vibrate... "Now open your mouth and do as I have told you because you ARE my dirty little girl, aren't you?"

Her thoughts raced and her body felt all the things he was doing and saying to her. She was a virgin in this territory but he seemed to know what he was doing so she decided to play along as it was turning her on, more than anything has in so long...

She opens her mouth and takes his cock into it, tasting the dry cum and chocolate. She started to lick it when she feels the toy enter into her ass, vibrating her whole body. She moans and the vibration of her moan hit his cock and he bucks his cock deeper into her mouth. "Think you can take my whole cock into your mouth and down your throat, bitch?" He asks. She starts to suck more and more into her mouth, gagging a little but noticing that when she gagged, he sharply took in his breath as if excited, so she continued to try and take as much in as she could. He was still pushing and pulling the toy in and out of her ass but she had given up on thrusting her dildo in as she was completely turned on by the fact that he was getting off on her sucking his cock all the way into her mouth and down her throat; his moans and groans were getting louder and his breathing was now slow and intense.

The dildo, forgotten, slipped out of her pussy and she opened her legs wider so he could insert the toy deeper into her ass while she almost had her nose to his pubic bone. She thought about what he was doing to her ass and wondered if it would affect him the same; she moves one hand around to his ass and started circled his asshole with a finger. She noticed that his breathes were coming more labored as if in great pleasure so she slid her finger into his ass and he sucked his breath in, bucking his hips into her face, forcing his cock all the way down her throat. His and her surprise hit the same time... they both had the same thought... she has his huge cock down her throat completely! She couldn't believe how much she was enjoying it but her body gave her away; her pussy was dripping wet.

Knowing the power she held over him, she kept sucking his cock while she fingered his ass. She was so into it that she didn't realize that he had removed the toy and was completely in her power to pleasure him. She could feel his cock getting bigger, ready to unload his cum into her throat and she was so hot thinking of tasting him. She took her other hand and reached down to his balls, grabbed them tight and massaged them roughly. His moaning and groaning told her that he was enjoying the full sensation of his body being tortured with pleasure. She felt his balls start to pull away and knew he was on the verge of cumming so she started to moan so that the vibration would put him over the edge.
