 I greeted my secretary thus, followed with a quick slap on her ass. She swung around and slapped me across the cheek. "Oh, Ross, I'm sorry," she said, "can we go in your office and discuss this?"

Now, you need to know I had never done that before. I've always been a firm believer that you don't piss in the drinking fountain. A good secretary is harder to find that good sex. In addition, I had just never looked at Lorna that way- she was tall and blonde, but skinny, and very married. Usually, she wore baggy sweatshirts and plain skirts or slacks to the office.

Today, however, she had come to work in a skintight black sweater, and a lime green micro skirt with fancy patterned black leggings. Her legs were further displayed by a pair of those high heels commonly known as "fuck me stilettos". I had wasted half my morning wondering if those were tights or stockings. I stated out feeling guilty, but then decided, ‘hey, if she doesn't want guys to look, she wouldn't dress like that.' Coming back from lunch, I saw her bent over the file cabinet near her desk. Her skirt was stretched tightly across her ass. No one else was around. My hand moved faster than my brain. As we walked into my office, I hoped I hadn't just destroyed a wonderful working partnership.

Lorna followed me into the office and closed the door. I braced myself for a tirade, or at least tears. To my utter shock, Lorna pushed me back against the wall and planted her lips on mine. My mouth opened in shock, allowing her tongue free access. Instinctively, I kissed her back. Her fingers roamed through my hair as she pressed tightly against me. Several minutes passed. I inhaled her sweet floral scent. She tasted of peppermints and strawberry lip gloss. I was unsure at first what to do with my hands, but Lorna calmly steered them down to the edge of her skirt. My fingers rode up inside the hem, confirming the presence of garters

Finally, she pulled her face away, still close enough that we were sharing the same air. "My hubby's been gone so long, Ross, that I need a man badly. I see how you look at the other girls in their short skirts and tight shirts. My tits aren't much, but I like my legs. I hoped you would too." Then, she giggled. This was perhaps the oddest moment in the entire encounter, my severely serious secretary giggling like a schoolgirl. "And, I guess you do," she finished, grinning. "I'm sorry I slapped you. It was a reflex."

"What do we do now?" I asked. I still wasn't processing the stimuli quickly enough. 

Lorna ran her hand gently over the bulge in my pants. My already stiffening cock jumped under her touch. My hands hopped back to life, cupping the cheeks of her tight little undersexed ass. "I need your fat hard cock inside me, Ross, but first, I want to kiss it. Just lean back and enjoy this part." She dropped to her knees on the carpet, and unzipped my pants. The purple head of my hardon poked out of my boxers without assistance. She made eye contact with me one more time, then kissed the head of my cock, as she drew the shaft free Lorna ran her tiny tongue down one side, and up the other. She tongued around underneath the helmet's rim, then teased the hole in the tip with just the tip of her tongue. Slowly, she swallowed the full length, fingers preceding lips down the length. Lorna bobbed up and down repeatedly, using her hands to massage my balls while enjoying the mouthful. 

I was lost in my pleasure. Only when Lorna stopped did I realize we might get caught. This thought wasn't about to stop me, but time was not on our side. Lorna must have had the same thing in mind, because she quickly stood up, turned around, and bent over my big leather visitor's chair, her beautiful backside facing me. "Fuck me hard and fast, Ross, I like it rough."

Still dazed, I obeyed. Two quick steps closed the distance between us. I pushed her panties aside. My left hand pushed her further forward, raising her rear to just the perfect angle. I entered her wet pussy in one smooth stroke. My right hand reached around her, pushed up her sweater, freed her tit from her bra, and kneaded her flesh. She started pushing up and back, levering against the chair. I grasped both her hips in my hands, pumping into her, pushing against her. Her oral attention had primed my pump, and within minutes I exploded inside her. As I came, I realized we hadn't used a condom. I started to stammer an apology. She shushed me. Later, she explained hubby always did( they had an understanding he would find relief while working out of town). She knew I was clean. Unfortunately, my apology broke the spell of the moment, but Lorna was not done yet- she still needed her orgasm.

She lifted herself up off the chair, and hopped onto my executive desk. Facing me, she spread her legs wide. "You started this by calling me ‘Legs', bossman, now eat what's between them."

I sank to me knees, and lower my face under her skirt. Lorna placed her hand behind my head, and pushed my face deep into her valley of desire. Her pussy was wet with my cum, but I dove in tongue first, nose filled with the odors of sweat, sex and soap. Lorna was a very clean woman. I enjoyed the experience of our intermingled tastes, which inspired me to great vigour. My hands switched from fingering her labia to gripping her thighs. This opened her up even more. I suckled each labial lip like I was a bee sucking the nectar out of a flower, and like nature required me to worship each petal's gift.

Only then did I explore the gap inside her folds, my tongue probing her flesh. I continued this for a while, occasionally slipping my tongue out, then diving inside again, teasing Lorna. I allowed the tip of my tongue to graze against her clit. I felt a shiver run through Lorna like a bolt of lightening.

Lorna grabbed one hand and guided it under her butt, steering my long forefinger up her anus. That started her bucking up and down on the desk, her loins fucking my face. My tongue, which I had been using softly, bobbing and gnawing at her pearl, I now used cock-like to stab at her clit. Lorna ground herself against my face, riding my finger up her anus. In minutes, she collapsed back spread-eagled on the desk, panting. Lorna sighed and moaned. I gave her once last tender caress with my tongue between her legs, then stood to pull myself together. She looked up at me. "You better leave first, Ross," she said, " make sure no one sees. I'll get straightened out, and come out later."

"Will we do this again?"

"You men are all such little boys: ‘did I pass the audition?', you all want to know. Well, boss, you'll do just swell whenever I need help and hubby's out of town."