 Candy and her boyfriend, John, had been working for several days cleaning out the downstairs bedroom. It had belonged to Jim, Candy's older brother. Jim had gone off to college, and Candy was eager to get his room, since it was larger than hers, and easier to sneak back into the house if she was out too late with John.

John did most of the heavy lifting and moving, while Candy laid out the room's decor. Being very close, the two laughed, teased and flirted a lot, arguing playfully over the number of times things were moved Candy was wearing her light blue cutoffs, the ones with holes on her ass, and every now and then John took great pleasure in sliding a finger through to tickle and fondle his girlfriend's tight young ass. At twenty, Candy had a firm, trim body, and the shorts made her ass look round and inviting. With her old room empty, Candy and John cleaned the walls and windows, then got ready to shampoo the carpet.

They were half way through when Candy's mother came in. "Hey, great job, kids!" she beamed.

"Thanks, Mom," they chorused.

Jean was almost thirty-six and a mother of three teenage children, but she looked much younger. Candy's friends often complimented her and she'd even caught some of John's friends staring longingly at her firm ass or tits when they didn't think she was looking. She couldn't be sure, but Jean thought she had even seen John ogling her once or twice. She didn't mind, if anything she was flattered at the attention. It pleased Jean to know that she could still excite adolescent young boys despite the age difference. Regular aerobics and a strict vegetarian diet had kept her figure just as slim, trim and appealing as the day she married, her husband Mason.

She had been feeling particularly horny all day, and now that Mason had gone she would deeply miss his presence in her bed. Even after eighteen years of marriage they enjoyed a regular and fulfilling sex life, but Jean found she needed sex at least once a day or she became exceedingly crabby. On such occasions she would masturbate, either with her fingers or the vibrator Mason had bought her, but it never really took the place of a hard throbbing cock.

Jean watched the twins work, and in her present frame of mind, she couldn't help notice how Johns tight young ass nicely filled out his shorts. He had removed his shirt, and his strong chest and thigh muscles flexed deliciously as he worked. Then, Jean noticed the considerable bulge in the front of John's tight pants. Her pussy tingled and began to moisten automatically at the alluring sight of a hard, male crotch. For some reason, until now, she hadn't realized what a hunk her own Daughters boyfriend was. For a split second, Jean pictured him naked, his stiff young cock ready for action ... hot and hard and throbbing. Just as suddenly, guilt washed over her and Jean quickly dismissed the incestuous thought from her mind, announcing instead that she was going to do some shopping. It was the only thing that seemed to calm her down when she got this horny. She asked the two if they wanted anything from the shops and Candy made up a short list of things that they needed. Windex, paper towels, some spot remover ,and a new vacuum cleaner bag. She also made a remark that Jim wouldn't recognize his "pig-sty" of a room when he came back from college.

Her mother laughed. "I've got to stop at the cleaners too Hun, do you have anything that you want taken in?", she asked.

"Oh, thanks for reminding me.", Candy said, darting downstairs and fetching her blue dress. A few minutes later, her mother departed out the front door, telling them she'd be back in about an hour. Candy squatted down by the rented rug shampoo machine, reading the directions on the bottle of soap. She had just finished reading when John's hands slid around her and cupped her firm, young breasts in his hands. She let him feel her up for a few seconds, pretending that nothing was happening. It was only when John slid a hand down to the crotch of her shorts and began to rub his fingers over her cunt that Candy finally pulled away. "Stop it, John we have to get this work done", she said in mock anger, but the sly little smile on her face told her boyfriend how much she had enjoyed his hands on her sexy young pussy. From past experience, John knew his girlfriend was perpetually horny and, as always, the thought of his sexy girlfriend throwing her long creamy legs wide for half the boys at school before he meat her excited him.

Candy went through boyfriends like clean underwear, or was it the other way around? The two hadn't had sex for two weeks, and John knew she must be horny as hell. He could smell it on her.

Like her mother, Candy needed sex daily or she went crazy . John smiled because he'd had the hots for his girlfriend for years before they stared to date. Putting his arm around her shoulder she countered, shrugging him off. "Aw, don't be like that ,Candy", said John as he stood directly in front of her so that Candy could see the huge bulge in the crotch of his pants.

"Christ, John", she giggled. "What have you got stuffed in there ... three pairs of socks or something?"

"Nope! It's all me."

"I don't believe it!", said Candy, reaching out instinctively. Her fingers curled around her boyfriend's semi-hard cock through the thin material of his shorts, and she gasped. "Jesus, John! It is all you ... God!" Candy's, eyes were still on her boyfriends mammoth cock bulge, and so were her fingers. John moaned as Candy began to stroke and squeeze him to a painful erection. He reached his own hand down between her legs and gave Candy's plump little cunt-mound a suggestive squeeze.

"Does that feel good", he murmured.

"Mmmmmmmmmm!", she nodded. "Take your pants off and let me see your cock." His smile was infectious Candy grinned back at her boyfriend and stood up, removing her shorts. Now, she was really to damn horny to care and besides, if his cock was half as big as it felt, she was in for one hell of a good time. She took off her top too, and stood before her Boyfriend in nothing but a pair of tight, silk panties as she watched his eyes, Candy skinned off her panties and let them drop around her ankles before she jumped onto the couch and leaned over, giving John a nice look at her young cunt. "Are you ready for some of this", she asked. "Now it's your turn", she said, as she stood before him naked, her gorgeous firm tits hanging down and her little young cunt slit poking out from between her perfect thighs.

"Now you", she murmured, eyeing the huge bulge in her boyfriends pants. "I want to see your cock, John."

John couldn't remove his clothes fast enough, and in a flash he stood naked before his horny girlfriend Candy reached out and grasped his cock. It was huge ... Much bigger than any of her other boyfriends. She wondered why she hadn't noticed the size of John's cock before.

John placed one hand on Candy's naked pussy and fondled her small conical tits with the other. In no time, they were both panting for breath as John's fingers were sloshing around in Candy's aroused little cunt and she was pumping her fist up and down his raging erection.

"Fuck me, John", she moaned, breathing hotly into her boyfriends ear. "Ohhhhh ... I want you to fuck me, quick!"

John picked his girlfriend up and lay her on the couch. He didn't waste time with preliminaries, they both knew that her mother would be back any minute. Besides, the sudden incestuous lust each felt for the other was urgent and overwhelming. Quite simply, John had a load of hot steamy cum with his girlfriend's name on it, and Candy couldn't wait for him to give it to her. Spreading her long tanned legs wide, John positioned his stiff prick at the entrance of his girlfriend's gaping cunt hole and pushed inside. Surprisingly, his huge, bloated cock shaft slid in easily, and within seconds John was plunging rapidly in and out of Candy's hot, juicy young quim. Candy's legs were locked around his waist, pulling her boyfriend into her as they fucked. Sweating in the late August heat, they both moaned loudly as their thrusts swept them along, urging them to move faster and faster. Candy felt her climax arrive, and her pussy clamped down on John's thick cock. She moaned loudly, gripping him with her legs. John thrust once, twice, then stabbed his girlfriend with his long thick shaft, moaning and spurting his thick hot semen deep inside her.

Quivering ,they lay motionless for several long minutes, still joined, basking in the warm afterglow of a quick, but mutually satisfying fuck.

The sound of Candy's mother's car in the driveway startled them and they quickly parted, John's semi-hard cock leaving his girlfriend's creamy cunt hole with an audible slurp. They grabbed their clothes and took off. John dashed to the downstairs bathroom, right outside Candy's new bedroom, and Candy scurried into the upstairs bath, feeling her boyfriend's warm cum squish between her cunt lips and rundown her lean young thighs. John dressed quickly, using a wet washcloth to remove most of Candy's pussy juice from his cock. He left the bathroom and picked up the window cleaner, pretending to be finishing up in the lower bedroom.

Candy's mother came in and asked John to help her carry in the load of items from the car. As he did he worried about Candy's mother getting too close to him, as she seemed to be doing, fearing she'd be able to detect the scent of Candy's pussy.

Candy emerged downstairs and carried in the remaining items. She and John exchanged knowing looks ... looks that said: "What a close call that was!", and ... "I hope Mom doesn't suspect anything!"

After carrying in the bags, Candy and John returned upstairs to finish as mom prepared some dinner. After the three had dinner, the watched TV for a while. Candy and John giving each other hot little glances whenever Candy's mother wasn't looking. Feeling a little tired, Jean went to bed early, leaving Candy and John on the couch watching TV. As soon as Candy's mother's bedroom door closed, John reached out and ran his hand up his girlfriends leg, cupping Candy's hot cunt through the tight crotch of her shorts. "Feel like another fuck,", he whispered, giving his girlfriend a lewd grin.

"Don't be crazy. We almost got caught the last time", snapped Candy, but she made no move to take her John's exploring hand from her crotch. John began to rub his girlfriend's steamy cunt through her shorts and, as he located her clit, he concentrated on stimulating her as quickly as possible before she protested. He knew that once you got a girl hot enough, she'd do anything and Candy was getting hotter by the minute.

He kissed her neck and whispered in her ear. "Come on Candy, let's fuck! I know you want it!"

"Nooooo, John" murmured Candy "We can't with my Mom in the house."

"Why not?" countered her boyfriend.

"Jim's room has a lock and it's downstairs so your Mom won't hear a thing."

"It's my room now, not Jim's, remember!", Candy said wiggling her ass as John's fingers massaged her moistening young cunt. Her legs were spread wide now, giving her boyfriend complete access to her squirming sex.

"I don't care whose room it is," whispered John, nibbling her earlobe. You're as horny as I am, Candy? Let's go fuck!"

Candy reached out and squeezed her John's cock-bulge through his jeans, clearly impressed with the size and hardness of it. "Okay, I guess we'd better fuck", she grinned, "before that monster busts right out of your jeans!"

John followed his her down the stairs and into her new room and once inside, they embraced, kissing passionately and letting the incestuous excitement of the moment arouses them. Candy led John to the bed, and began unzipping his jeans. John kicked off his shoes, and she slid to her knees and took his prick into her waiting lips.

John felt her soft lips as his cock stiffened inside her throat. Looking up, he unbuttons the top and spreads the pants so that Candy can better suck his stiff cock.

John, reached with one hand and pulled her head forward as his cock stuffed her mouth while his other hand played with her tits under her Levi's dress. He unbuttoned the front and slipped the dress down as he reached for her tight shorts, feeling the heat from her loins as he removed her moist panties. Candy licked his balls and rubbing his cock all over her face as they both strained to keep their voices down so Mom wouldn't hear. Candy, although, made loud slurping noises as she sucked on her boyfriend's cock-meat, noises that only occur with a very large mouthful of prick. Candy even pushed her breasts up between John's legs, caressing his balls with her button-hard nipples as she looked sexily up at her boyfriend and whispered softly. "Come in my mouth, John."

Her lips sank back down over his thick shaft, sucking him as far as she could. John moaned softly, feeling his cock swelling and straining to fire into her velvety mouth Candy removed the throbbing shaft and licked it, smiling up at John to see his reaction. John looked down, seeing his pretty blonde girlfriends' eyes sparkle and her tongue lapping his cock. It was all he could take as Candy was licking up the length of his warm shaft. Just as her tongue brushed the glands Johns thick, hot sperm gushed out, the thick shaft throbbing mightily in her small hand. The spurting cum landed on the side of Candy's face with a warm, wet splat, and she quickly slid his cock back into her mouth. Another spurt sent his warm, salty cum splashing against the back of her throat, and she swallowed the juice in an automatic reflex. Another squirt followed and Candy held this one in her mouth, savoring the hot, salty taste of her boyfriend's sperm.

Candy finished by holding John's cock to her chest and milking the last of his cum onto her tits with her hands. John looked down and Candy giggled quietly. She looked back at him, an impish gleam in her eye, her tongue licked her lips, and she let a little sperm trickle down from the corner of her mouth before licking it back up. Then she swallowed noisily.

Candy licked John's cock off and then knelt on the floor, showing him her succulent ass. "Fuck me doggy-style ,John!", she pleaded, wiggling her perfect little butt at John. He wasted no time, sliding his pole between candy's legs he began to move in and out of her slippery pussy, reaching around to massage his sperm into her tits. Faster and faster he pumped with Candy biting her hand to keep from moaning out loud. John fucked Candy hard, her body swaying, her tits brushing the soft carpet, and the only sounds were their harsh breathing and the soft noises of her wet pussy slurping around his slippery cock.

In no time at all, John shuddered and lunged forwards, lodging himself deep up inside her belly. His cock pulsed and jerked, spewing out another load of thick creamy cum, this time way up inside Candy's cunt. Candy moaned softly in a high pitched voice, quivering as his cum poured into her. They rested for a few minutes, with Candy on the floor under him, until their breathing slowed. Candy tightened her pussy around John's thick cock, feeling his semi-hard shaft twitch and slither in her soaked pussy. She rolled over and sucked John's cock, tasting her own juices mixed with his cum. She licked and sucked while he knelt above her, and she licked from his ass to under his balls, bringing him rapidly to hardness again. John rolled over onto her stomach and arched her tight ass up, reaching around to spread her cheeks..

"Fuck my ass," Candy whispered as she wondered if John really would. Most of her other boyfriends never did as they were only interested in fucking her tight cunt or getting sucked off. In fact she'd only had it in the ass once before.

Candy was disappointed when John's now stiff cock slipped into her soppy cunt and pumped slowly a few times. She was just set for John to fuck her pussy once more when she felt his cock withdraw and press against her ass hole.

"God ... yes", she thought, " ... he was really going to fuck me in the ass." Candy reached down and fingered her clit, relaxing her asshole for John's cock. John pressed slowly, spreading her asshole wide and Candy cried out, muffling her whimpers of delight with a pillow. Wider and wider the head of his cock spread her tight ass, until, with a soft pop, he slid into her hole. Candy, feeling very horny and naughty, leaned back, shoving John's cock deep into her spread open ass.

They moaned softly together as his cock slid into her tight hole. John felt Candy's incredible tightness gripping him, and Candy felt as though a baseball bat was being shoved up her ass. Her cunt spasms several times, making her asshole pulse around john's cock. Candy moved her ass back and forth, and then John began pumping her tight hole. John pressed her hips to the floor and began to plumb her bottom with his thick reaming tool, alternately filling, then emptying Candy's butt. Candy was climaxing in small, miniature orgasms, her cunt drooling a thick white cream as John shoved his cock deep, and the rotated his hips back and forth, stirring his cock in her asshole.

On and on they went until Candy thought her boyfriend's increasingly harder thrusts would tear her apart. She arched her hips to meet his pounding thrusts as John came hard, slamming his cock deep within her. Candy could hear the roar of his sperm flooding into her butt. John shook and pulled Candy 's hips against him, pressing his cock deep so that he could fill his Girlfriend's tight, round butt full of cum. He spurted over and over, sending hot streams of cum gushing into candy's ass, filling her insides with his boiling juices.

Candy writhed on the floor, then lay still as they both tried to catch their breath. John's cock was still throbbing deep in Candy's ass when they heard the upstairs toilet flush.

Candy's mother was awake!

They listened alertly for any sound that meant they might be discovered. The sound of water rushing through the pipes covered some smaller noises and they were tense for long moments. The floor finally creaked in the hallway above them. In a panic, the two parted quickly, and Candy felt her asshole spasm, closing slowly around the empty feeling left by John's retreating cock. She could feel John's cum trickle warmly out of her asshole and run down her thighs. John hid under the bed and Candy slipped under the covers, lying on her side and pulling the sheets up over her sweating body. John lay with his cock glistening wetly in the moonlight as his heart pounded in his chest as he tried desperately to calm his ragged breathing.

The bedroom door opened and Candy saw the dim light from behind filter in. Jean looked from the doorway and saw her daughter asleep on the bed. She closed the door slowly, unaware that her daughter was lying awake, facing away from her so that she wouldn't see the sperm on her face and tits. Candy heard the retreating footsteps, and got out of bed. She grabbed a tissue, wiping her behind as she looked under the bed. John crawled out and sat on the bed beside her.

"Shit, that was close!" he whispered.

"Yeah, but exciting!", grinned Candy, reaching for John's semi-hard cock. "I'm still horny. Can you get it up again?"

"You hot little slut!", laughed John, fingering his girlfriends gaping cunt slit. "Sure! I'll fuck you again, How do you want it this time?"

"I want to be on top this time," husked Candy, fisting John's slimy cock, he lay on the bed and let Candy straddle him, watching intently as Candy lowered her hot cunt down onto his stiff prick. "Fuck me hard, Johnny! Shoot your cum in me", Candy whispered.

John grabbed Candy's taut little ass-cheeks and lunged upwards, impaling her deeply. Candy felt his cock head slam against the mouth of her womb and a loud moan escaped her young lips. John's big, hard cock was filling her completely. She could hardly breathe as she began to move up and down on his cock, enjoying the feel of his long, thick hardness sliding in and out of her cunt. "God, he has a gorgeous prick", she thinks as she reaches for her tits and lets her hips relax, urging John to do the work while she just enjoyed the sensation of his cock sliding up and down in her pussy. "Ohhhh, yes! Fuck me, John!", Candy whispered, "Ram it into me .. Pound me!!"
