 October 1995 B.G. (Before Google)

Bath, UK

"Who told you?" Miles stammered, his face reddening.

Lisa stood accusingly, her hands on her hips, her face a picture of bemused contempt.

"Marcie told me. She couldn't wait to tell me, she was so pleased with herself."

Miles squirmed. He didn't know how much his housemate knew, but even the broad brushstrokes wouldn't have sounded good. Still, he couldn't resist enquiring further, even as she silently admonished him with her piecing green eyes.

"Did she believe them?" he asked.

Lisa sighed. "According to Marcie she didn't just fall for it, she started telling them that she used to do the same thing too."

Miles' embarrassment quickly gave way to shock and uncontrollable mirth. As he started guffawing, Lisa's icy veneer cracked and she smirked before joining Miles in raucous laughter. She wiped tears from her freckled cheeks and swept her mahogany red curls behind her shoulders before composing herself.

"Oh Miles, you can't do this. It's taking advantage of her."

"Oh come on Lisa," said Miles, still chuckling, "It's not like she's mentally-handicapped. She's a university student for Christ's sake."

"And yet I have never met such a dumb blonde in my life. How she manages to navigate higher education is beyond me..."

"She's very good academically, apparently. Just... you know... thick as pig shit in every other respect."

"Well I know exactly what you hope to achieve from all this, and I think you're childish and a bit sick."

"But you're not going to tell her?"

"I won't tell her it was all your idea, no. But Miles, if she asks, I'm not going to tell her that cum is the secret of eternal youth..."

--

OK, rewind a bit. How did we get to this sordid state of affairs?

Let's start with the girl at the centre of this conversation: Felicity. The truth was, Felicity - or Fliss, as she insisted on being called - was a far from pleasant girl. She was vain and venal, shockingly ignorant and judgemental, yet disguised her sneering attitude with a sickly sweet demeanour. She was beautiful, and she knew it; her thick blonde locks, model good looks, and voluptuous figure knowingly utilised to tease and manipulate men while shafting over other women. In short: once you got to know her, you instantly regretted it. 

And yet Miles and Lisa had found themselves in the final year of their university studies living with this absolute horror of a human being. They were desperate to fill the master bedroom in the luxurious house they had somehow found themselves co-renting after their previous housemate Phil had flunked his exams and moved back home. The size of his room (complete with balcony) meant he contributed the lion's share of the rent, and finding someone who was willing to match his contribution was no easy feat. At first Fliss seemed ideal: her family was wealthy enough to pay the extortionate room rent that was putting everyone else off, she was an eager-to-please freshman who was out partying all the time, and Miles - who had only recently lost his virginity and was not the most confident of chaps - got the pleasure of living with an absolute babe.

As they got to know her, though, both Lisa and Miles agreed that the best thing about her was that she was out most of the time. Shallow, ignorant, snobbish and obsessed with appearances, they grew to dread the rare occasions when she'd stay in and watch TV with them, making a string of passive-aggressive comments and prefacing a generous proportion of her utterances with: "I don't mean to sound rude, but..."

Even her own clique of glamorous freshers had turned against her of late. Not to her face, of course - the social retribution just wouldn't be worth it - but in hushed conversations at the back of pubs and during the odd extra-curricular event where students from different years mixed. In fact it was at a film club that Miles and Lisa met Marcie and her friends, and they all privately bitched about how nasty Fliss could be. Miles and Lisa felt like "the cool kids" for the first time in years - as archetypal science geeks, they weren't the most socially adept - yet here they were drinking late into the night with hip and trendy "beautiful people", joined in their common loathing of their accidental housemate.

It was at the most recent film club outing - one which Lisa couldn't attend due to studies, and that Fliss didn't attend because in her words "they always show foreign films with subtitles, and I don't like reading" - that Miles' filthy plan was improvised, much to the delight of Fliss' so-called friends.

"She tries absolutely anything if she thinks it could keep her young and beautiful," Marcie recalled. "These silly potions, herbs and stuff... She spends so much on skincare products... there's this one she imports from America that's like £500 for this tiny bottle..."

"This one time," another friend, Chloe, chipped in, "We were all saying - just for a joke - that the next big thing was nettle therapy, and I kid you not, the next day we're in the showers and she's got these rashes all over body and she's like 'No, I don't think it's for me, it stings too much'."

They all laughed in recognition, and Miles - knowing these girls didn't mind a dirty joke - took it further:

"Reminds me of that time I told my ex-girlfriend that semen was really good for your skin. She didn't go for it, unfortunately..."

They all fell about.

"Fliss would," Marcie uttered through snorts of laughter. "I guarantee you, Fliss would..."

And then Miles stopped laughing. He started thinking instead. She wasn't that stupid, was she? But what if she was? After a year of being belittled and ignored and indirectly insulted by this girl, the idea that she might... No, surely not. But then again...

And so it began. A plan formed; a really nasty plan. One fuelled by the girls' desire to get one over on the 'friend' they felt trapped with, and Miles' desire to... Well, just Miles' desire, really.

--

Marcie rang Miles from her halls of residence moments after Lisa's protestations.

"Oh Miles, it was glorious," she enthused. "She absolutely believes it. I've no idea what she's going to do with it, but she definitely believes it."

"What did you say?"

"Just what we said. It came up - pardon the pun - really casually. She always gets onto cosmetics eventually, and Chloe just dropped this aside about how she needs to get another boyfriend pronto so she can start up with her skincare routine again."

"And you weren't all cracking up?"

"Darling, I'm studying drama! We were fucking master class levels of nonchalance. We're just all matter-of-fact, like 'Yeah, it's gross and everything, but it's so good for your skin, and it keeps your boobs firm and supple.'"

Miles felt a stirring in his crotch as Marcie spoke.

"We even got her to believe that that's why they're called 'facials'!" she squealed.

"What else," gasped Miles, eager for more detail.

"Oh she was so predictable. She's like 'Yeah, I used to do it all the time. So, how did you do it?' Trying to get tips off of us, and stuff. Chloe was amazing. She's like 'Well it has to be fresh, doesn't it? And warm. And you just smooth it into damp or oily skin and wait for five minutes before rinsing it off.' And she's nodding along, like 'Yeah, that's what I do too.' It was ridiculous, you should've heard her."

"And you told Lisa?"

"Oh shit, shouldn't I? I walked into her on the way home. I just wanted to tell someone!"

"Yeah, well, she's going to blow it, I think."

"Wow, lucky you Miles. A blowie and a facial... sounds like a good night in!"

Miles laughed. "Yeah, not quite what I meant."

"I know, I know. Oh just tell her to lighten up. Fliss is an idiot, but I really don't think she's going to ask you cum on her as part of her beauty routine. I mean nettles is one thing, but... Look, I just think it's hilarious that she's walking around thinking that jizz is better than moisturiser. Makes me happy!"

Miles knew Marcie was being realistic, but he couldn't help but feel a little disappointed that his wish fulfilment was unlikely to come to anything. He, for one, was hoping beyond hope that that's exactly what Fliss would want. I mean as awful as she was, the idea of her requesting a fresh "sample" - and the hoops he would have her jump through to obtain it - was the stuff of his wildest fantasies.

--

Miles was on tenterhooks when Fliss arrived back home. He eyed Lisa suspiciously at their every interaction, waiting to see if she would drop any hints or steer any discussion to a topic that would allow her to put Fliss straight on a few things. Thankfully, Fliss was as dismissive and patronising as ever, and nothing approaching a conversation took place. But Lisa was clearly pre-occupied about it, as was evident when she punctured the silence in the lounge while Fliss was upstairs.

"I mean, do you really think she's going to ask you to help her out, even if she does believe it?" she sighed. "She goes home with a different bloke almost every other night. Why would she ask you?"

Miles had actually thought about that. He figured two things: firstly that Fliss had a rather long and convoluted beauty routine that she liked to do at home each morning, and secondly that it would just be an odd and unnatural thing to ask a date to do. However, he didn't want to share this level of thinking with his housemate.

"True," he replied. "And I really don't expect any favours from it. It's just funny that she believes it, don't you think?"

More silence. But the part that was bothering Lisa was becoming clear.

"Why would you want to be that intimate with her anyway? She's a cow."

At that, Miles did want to challenge her:

"Well for one: horrible as she is, she's a babe. Two: it would be incredibly degrading for her, and that makes me happy, as it should you. And three: it's a filthy fantasy, isn't it? I'm sure you've got one or two..."

"I don't know what you think you're going to get out of this. Even if she does ask you - and that's a BIG if - the most she's going to do is give you a cup to fill."

"Yeah, I thought about that. There's still millage in it, trust me. As long as you don't ruin everything."

"Tell me why I should enable you to get your sordid kicks in such a disgusting way?"

"Stop focussing on me and think about her. Doesn't it make you smile just a little bit? The thought of her in front of her vanity mirror rubbing fresh cum into her cheeks?"

Lisa guffawed and chucked a cushion at Miles in frustration that such a vile image had elicited such a hearty laugh. They were interrupted by Fliss herself coming into the lounge to share some rare time with both her housemates.

"What are you two laughing at?" she simpered as she parked herself on the spare sofa. She was dressed casually in her navy joggers and a loose-fitting white T-shirt with short sleeves and over-sized armholes. As much as he despised her, he loved peeking through those gaps to catch a glimpse of whatever bra she was wearing. Today it was a hefty black lace number.

"Oh there was this thing in the film we saw last week," Miles quickly answered to prevent Lisa from speaking. "Bruce Willis is wandering around Harlem wearing this sandwich board, and..."

"Actually, I don't really care," interrupted Fliss, with that patronising, 'my bad' expression on her face that drove him nuts.

"Right. Sure," said Miles. As he awkwardly turned back to watch the TV he could see Lisa subtly shaking her head in disbelief at yet another example of Fliss' sugar-coated rudeness.

Her irritation rose palpably throughout the next half hour or so as Fliss bombarded them with a running commentary on the show they were watching that was predictably catty and bewilderingly ill informed, including one comment that bordered on racist, and another that definitely was. Her crowning glory was when a young gentleman appeared on-screen whom Lisa revealed to Miles she rather fancied. He was not unattractive, but obviously well below Fliss' standards, and she snorted with derision.

"Do you really think he's good looking?" she said, with seemingly genuine surprise. "It's funny how people pair up, isn't it? Tens tend to go for tens, and fives tend to go for fives, don't they?"

Lisa shot her a death stare.

"Oh I didn't mean anything by that," Fliss said. "You're lovely looking. Really, really lovely. Definitely above average."

Her overly devastated reaction was textbook Fliss: say something indirectly rude and then act totally shocked that anyone could have interpreted it that way. As per usual, she tried to defend herself with an even more offensive thought process.

"And you're bisexual too, aren't you? Maybe your judgement when it comes to men is a little... you know..."

Miles clenched. Lisa wasn't one to share too much when it came to that side of her sexuality, and while she had never tried to hide her interest in women as well as men, it wasn't something she flaunted or spoke about much, even with Miles. But instead of awkwardness or embarrassment, Lisa turned with a look of fury to match her flame red hair.

"WHAT?!"

"Not 'judgement'," said Fliss, obviously now a little flustered by the reaction. "Sorry, wrong word. 'Taste.' I mean you probably have different taste in men, don't you?"

"We all have different tastes, Fliss, that's what makes life interesting," the curt response. Lisa turned back to the TV in disgust, not wishing to engage any further.

"Oooookay... Little Miss Sensitive..." Fliss simpered, her mission to get the final word accomplished thanks to Lisa's indifference.

The protracted silence that followed was too much for Miles to bear.

"I'm going to get a coffee," he said, groaning as he levered himself off the sofa.

"You won't sleep again," said Lisa, referring to a previous conversation they had had about Miles' erratic sleeping patterns.

"I'll get a decaf," he said by way of reassurance on the way out.

While waiting for the kettle to boil he suddenly got a pang of panic. Left alone with Fliss, would Lisa take the opportunity to put her straight about her friends' machinations? He cut short the coffee-making process, leaving himself a barely hot concoction, and tried to get back as quickly as he could. But as he loitered outside the lounge door and listened in, he could hear it was already too late. And it wasn't Lisa who had broached the subject.

"Lisa, you're a scientist. Can I ask you a question if you promise not to take the piss?"

Miles froze. He could guess what was coming. At first he thought about bursting in to embarrass Fliss into silence, but then remembered Fliss didn't get embarrassed about anything. He decided he didn't want to be present if Lisa gave the game away. So he just stood - lukewarm cuppa in hand - and eavesdropped.

"What is it?" Lisa grumbled.

"Is a guy's cum good for your skin?"

There was a pause for what seemed like an age. Miles' heart was racing. He could almost picture Lisa weighing up her options, especially given how rude Fliss had just been to her. In fact... Could that have...? Would she...?

"Yes," Lisa sighed. "It contains natural lubricants and preservatives, so it's great for your skin."

Miles couldn't believe what he was hearing! Fliss' veiled insult had obviously bothered her to the extent that Lisa was now happy to facilitate her housemate's humiliation.

"Yeah, I thought that," replied Fliss, trying to sound nonchalant. "You'd think they'd bottle it up and sell it, wouldn't you?"

"Well it has to be fresh, that's why," said Lisa, now obviously warming to her role as a provider of false but vaguely plausible-sounding information. "If stale cum worked, we'd all be using it. It's just the lucky girls with understanding boyfriends who get the benefit, I suppose."

"Yeah," laughed Fliss. "So you've done it, then?"

"Well we all have if we've had the chance, haven't we? Better than Clinique that stuff."

"Yeah... absolutely. How did you, you know... apply it?"

"Same as everyone, I guess. Rub it into damp or oily skin, leave it on for 10 or 15 minutes, and then rinse it off."

"And it has to be fresh?"

"Yeah, it loses all its properties as it cools down. Has to be fresh. You of all people must know that, Fliss - the way you look after your skin..."

"Yeah, yeah, I was just curious if you did it another way, that's all."

"It's a good firming agent too. Great for your boobs."

There was another pause. It would have been a good time for Miles to enter, but he had a massive erection that was probably showing. He crept back to the kitchen instead. As he made re-made his drink to a more palatable temperature, Lisa excited the lounge and headed up to her room. But not before popping her head into the kitchen to ask a parting favour.

"If she goes for it, I want you to tell me everything. Every sordid, humiliating little detail."

And with that, she went to bed.

Miles was trembling with anticipation as he re-entered the lounge, but Fliss was suddenly uncharacteristically non-verbose. However, he caught her on a couple of occasions looking at him with a contemplative look on her face. 

"What?" Miles said upon the second time of noticing. Her eyes narrowed and she looked him up and down as if assessing something in her mind.

"Nothing," she finally said, looking back towards the television. "What time do you get up tomorrow? What time does your alarm go off?"

"I've got morning lectures, so about 8.00. Why?"

"OK, that might work."

"What might work?"

"Nothing. I might ask you for a favour, that's all."

"What favour?"

"I might not. I'll tell you tomorrow if I do."

Miles' cock stiffened in his pants again, and he surreptitiously placed a cushion over his crotch to disguise any protrusion. His gaze lingered over her for a while as he eyed the contours of her body that her casual attire did little to disguise. He was going to find it very hard to get a good night's sleep tonight.

--

Unusually, Miles awoke before his alarm. He had spent the night alternating between fantasising about what the morning might hold in store, and frustratingly trying to dismiss such thoughts as it became increasingly difficult to resist the temptation to accompany them with a little self-pleasure. If this morning was to play out the way he hoped, he wanted his tank as full as possible. The nights' ruminations were evident, though: his silky black boxer shorts were stained with precum. 

As he examined his white stained underwear, his alarm went off. He let it ring long enough so that the occupant of the bedroom down the hall from his would hear - if she were listening out for such a signal - and then hit the silence button. He waited with trepidation. His heart was beating so fast at the prospect of his plan coming to fruition. His mind raced back to that one and only time he had a sexual experience more risqué than a fumble - a quick conservative shag with an equally nervous one night stand. It was hardly the sexy, erotic experience he had hoped - and he longed for a steady girlfriend who he could live out his pervy sexual fantasies with. A girl who might let him do some of the things he had seen on the German porn videos he had borrowed from his friend a couple years back. Fliss' humiliation may have been the primary driver on all his other conspirators' minds - but Miles was hoping to get the best of both worlds: revenge and sordid fulfilment.

Then - finally - a tap at his door. This could actually be happening!

"Yeah?"

Fliss opened the door and poked her head through the gap, eyeing Miles in his bed. She had a green towel wrapped around her hair and a thick pristinely white furry robe on.

"Can I ask a favour?" she simpered in her faux sickly sweet voice.

"Depends what it is," countered Miles, trying to keep his excitement from showing.
