 It was late into July, and the temperature was rising. While I was at work, I decided to take my wife of 5 years to the beach. I worked up until 3pm. I finished up my work and left for home. On the way home I decided to stop at K-Mart to buy some tanning lotion and a very sexy bikini for my wife. I found what I was looking for and continued on home. When I reached the house, I saw my wife out in the back yard spraying herself with the garden hose. She never saw me watching. She looked so hot and sexy in her T-shirt and no bra. 

I watched for a few minutes and then she caught me watching. Hey, she said how long have you been there?

Oh, about 15 minutes I said, trying hard not to stare at her body. I thought we could go to the beach for a swim or something. She agreed and then I gave her the bikini I had bought. She liked the swim suit and said she would wear it for me at the beach. I thought that was the idea honey. She giggled and went to the bedroom to put it on. I followed her to watch and to get ready myself. When she took off her shirt I got a great view of her cute breasts. They had perky little nipples that I wanted to suck. She tweaked them a little before putting on her top. The best part of the outfit was next. She removed her shorts slowly to tease me. It worked because I instantly became aroused. My cock leapt into action. It got so hard it hurt from the tension. Before she put on the bikini bottoms she began to tease her little clit with her fingers. 

She knew this would excite me. I love to watch my wife masturbate herself to an orgasm. Well, she only did it for a little while, then began to put on her bikini panties. I took the lead and put on my swim trunks too. We gathered all the things we needed and left for the beach. It was about a two hour drive to the beach. My wife enjoys a good book so she read most of the time. She prefers romance novels and sometimes like to play with herself at the sexual spots. Every now and then I would look over to find her fingering her pussy under the panties. My wife gets the cutest looks on her face when she becomes aroused. Two hours has come and we were nearing the beach. A traffic cop was directing traffic to a detour so I followed his directions. I turned left and a couple rights then back to the left again. I was a little lost but to my recollections if I stayed straight I would eventually hit the beach. So that was what we did. I came to an entrance to the beach that had a sign stating this was Hidden Beach. I wondered what the sign had meant. I had been to the beach a few times and this was never here. I went through the entrance to the beach and immediately found they had built a large fence there to obscure the view. This was an interesting sort of events and I soon found that we were not alone here on this part of the beach. We found a nice spot to put our blanket and put up the umbrella to block the sun's rays.

We had set up in only a few moments and my wife laid down to read her book. I decided to go into the ocean for a dip. It was very hot outside and I needed to cool off in more ways than one. I was swimming in the surf and soon I noticed some women swimming near me. To my surprise they were topless. They swam very close to me and I started to stare at them. They noticed me swimming there and swam over for a conversation. Let me tell you what I noticed next sent my cock into a convulsion. These three beauties were not only topless but bottomless as well. I stammered to hold a conversation with them and managed to maintain my glances to their pussies. We talked for about 10 minutes before they swam off. I went ashore to my wife laying on her stomach with her bikini top untied. I told her that it was okay to turn over and she need not worry about her top. I told her of my experience in the water with the three women. She didn’t get upset just shocked at the thought of being totally nude here. She left her top there and she went into the surf for a swim too. I lay there wondering when they had built this nude beach. I looked up and saw some people talking to my wife. I didn’t know what they were talking about but soon found out. My wife came back to the blanket and shed her bottoms. She was lying there nude and I felt awkward so I removed my bottoms as well. 

There we were, both nude and out in public. I moved over to lie beside my sexy wife. She told me that since we were naked we might as well play with ourselves too. I wasted no time to take advantage of the situation. 

I leaned over to lick her nipples and take them gently between my teeth for a small nibble. I moved from breast to breast making sure not to stay to long on each one. While I was doing this she reached over to gently massage my dick and balls. When we changed positions, I looked up to find another couple very close to us doing similar things. This was getting me very excited and so was my wife. I got on top of her to lick her pussy while my wife watched the other couple. They noticed her watching and put on a great show for her.

My wife’s orgasm was starting to build up and I knew it would not be long before she came. I could feel her legs start to tighten up around my head. She came in a torrential flood, spraying her juices all over my face. The couple next to us moved even closer so they were right next to us. The man asked us if we could change partners. My wife was eager to do it so I agreed. His wife was very sexy too just like my wife. It wasn’t long before we all were experiencing what it was like to have an orgy. We must have been there for maybe 2 hours. Every now and then people passed by but they never said anything or turned us into the police. After we finished with each other, we all jumped up and went into the ocean for a nice refreshing swim.

The couple left and my wife and I just lay there. We talked about what happened and agreed this might never happen again. Needless to say, we have been back to Hidden Beach many times and each time is a different experience.