 It was already late. I curse myself on being so absent-minded. Sister Mary Beth had continually reminded me that the bus for the monastery will leave in an hour. But, I was enjoying the company of one of the orphans. She reminded me of myself. If it wasn't for Sister Mary Beth, I would be living as a drug addict. She saved me from that kind of life. It was because of her that I decided to become a nun. I wanted to reach out to helpless children and give them a better output in life. But sometimes I feel like there is something lacking. I do not know what it is but this nagging feeling had been persistently evoking my senses.

I look at my watch; it is almost eleven o'clock. There will be no bus available. I do not have a choice but to walk a few blocks. I am not concerned, though. I had found out that being in a nun attire somewhat prevents people from harassing me. It was like a warding spell. If spells do even exist. I sigh deeply and begun my journey back to the monastery.

Two blocks away from the orphanage I heard footsteps. I look back to see who it was but there was no one on the sidewalk. I started walking faster. The sound of another footstep is heard again. I look back and called out who it is but there was no answer. I began to worry. I assured myself that no one would dare hurt a nun. Nuns in this neighborliness are highly respected. They would not dare commit a grave sin. As the footstep comes closer, I started running. Suddenly I was hit from behind knocking me out immediately.

I woke up in absolute darkness. I thought that maybe the room was dark. But it wasn't. I was blindfolded. My hands and legs are tied up on the bed posts. I pulled my hands hoping to let the knots lose. 

"Don't bother. The knots won't come lose," a male voice sounded to my left. I look towards the sound in terror. He chuckled as he started coming closer. I pulled my hands and feet from the knots wanting to get away from him. I loudly screamed hoping that someone would come to my rescue.

"Sshhhh... No one can hear you. This room is soundproof," he whispered in my ear.

"What do you want?" I asked him. My voice is shaking in terror.

"It is not about what I want but what you want Sister Felicity," he said. I stilled myself in shock. How did he know my name?

"Who are you? How do you know who I am?" I asked angrily.

"It's not about who am I Sister but it's about who you are," he answered.

"Stop this nonsense and let me go," I shouted at him.

"Don't worry. I will let you lose. But until you get to know yourself better and accept who you are I will not let you go," he explained.

"Lately, I have noticed that you are becoming restless Sister. You are confused, but you are also afraid to confront it. I will help you on that journey. There is nothing to be ashamed in accepting that part of you. It is perfectly natural," he further explained.

"I do not understand what you mean. I know exactly who I am. I have nothing to be ashamed of and I am not afraid of anything," I told him.

"Really? Then perhaps you wouldn't mind explaining why your panties are getting wet?"he told me. 

I jerked myself in shocked.

"I told you Sister, I know you better than you know yourself. I know...your...deepest... and...darkest...secret," he whispered seductively in my ear.

Oh please don't let it be. I've wanted no one to know about it. I whimpered slightly.

"I can sense that you know what I am talking about," he observed.

"No, I do not know what you are talking about. Stop this nonsense and let me go," I shouted at him.

"If this is how you wanted it to be, then let's play your game. We'll see how long until you break," he said.

Suddenly there was a shift in the bed. When I felt his hands on my legs, I shuddered slightly. He chuckled.

"See? I haven't even started yet, and you are already aroused," he said.

"I do not know what you are talking about. Get your filthy hands off from me," I demanded at him.

"Hhmmm..." was his reply. Suddenly his hands were on my panties. I pulled myself away from him but his hands were persistent.

"Care to explain why you are so wet?" he asked.

I did not answer him. I do not want to provoke him into doing something that I have denied myself for so long.

He chuckled at my silence. His hands started to take off my clothing. I laid still. My feelings are confused. I know I should be scared, but I'm not. When all my clothing is removed and I am in my underwear, I heard a sharp intake of breath.

"Oh Sister Felicity. I do not think being a nun suits you. Your body is a gift that should not be left untouched but worshiped," he said.

I bit my lips trying to prevent myself from making a sound. His hands move to my mouth and gently remove my teeth from biting my lips. I can feel his breath in my face. I stiffened in anticipation of what he would do next.

"Do not bite your lips. I do not want any marks from this perfect body of yours," he whispered softly as his mouth slowly descended on my lips. 

I shut my mouth tightly forcing myself not to give in to this temptation. He chuckled softly. Then his tongue traces my lips slightly. I gasp with the unexpected contact. He took that opportunity and kiss me passionately. I can feel his tongue teasing my lips and coaxing my tongue to come out and play. I was so turned on and confused at the same time.

In the monastery we were taught to stay pure and that indulging in such desires is a sin. But how can something so wonderful be a sin? His kisses were turning me on. My tongue hesitantly touches his, and he groaned. The feel of his tongue is enhancing my desire. I moaned lightly as he assaulted my lips with his kisses.

Upon hearing my moan, he pulled back slightly and I whimpered at the sudden loss. Suddenly, I felt his mouth tracing soft kisses on my neck. He bit softly and traces his tongue on my sensitive spot just above my collar bone. He places kisses all over my chest and trace my bra with his tongue. I felt his hand touch my breast slightly. He moved his hands towards my back as he unhooks my bra. Once my bra was removed he cupped my naked breasts with both hands and slightly pinched my nipples.

I wanted to move my body closer to his hands, but I do not want to give him the satisfaction of winning. I tried to lay still and not be aroused with his touch. 

He chuckled and whispered in my ear "It won't be long before you give in Sister Felicity. Do you think you can stop your body from wanting my touch? I can already smell your arousal and if I was a betting man, I bet your pussy is overflowing with wetness."

I felt his hands dip lower into my underwear and touch the place where no one has dared to touch, even myself. He laughed to himself as he felt how wet I am. I bit my lips to prevent myself from moaning. I do not want to give in to his demands. I want to prove him wrong by not making a sound of pleasure.

"I told you not to harm yourself Sister Felicity. If you want to moan then do it," he muttered angrily. 

He moved his mouth angrily over mine and kissed me with full ardor. His hands are roaming all over my body. He moved his mouth lower until he reaches my breast. He places soft kisses all around it and blew my nipples softly before taking it into his mouth. 

The pleasure that he invokes is making me lose my mind, but I willed myself not to give in. But he was so persistent. What he did to my left breast he did the same to my right breast. I felt his hands on my hips as he started removing my underwear leaving me completely naked. He moves his mouth lower placing small kisses on my stomach until he reaches the apex of my thighs.

"For someone so conservative, shaving your pussy is a sign of rebellion," he told me.

I didn't answer back. Instead, I kept quiet all the time. However, my silence didn't stop him from doing what he wanted to do. I can feel his head on my pussy. My legs are tense with anticipation. Suddenly his tongue licks my clit slightly and my body jerked in surprise. He held my legs tightly as his mouth slowly descends and kisses my pussy. He opened my pussy lips with his hands and licks it with his sinful tongue. I was pushing myself backwards trying to get my pussy away from his mouth, but he was so strong.

He opened his mouth wide and kissed it fervently. I can feel myself getting wetter, but still I did not give him what he wants. I felt a hand touch my pussy slightly and insert a finger inside. I jerk back wanting to avoid his finger.

"Please don't," I whispered softly, breaking the vow I made to myself by not making a sound.

He laughs and said "Why will I? Your virgin pussy is so tight and wet I can't wait to put my hard cock inside."

"No. You wouldn't want to rape a nun. You will be put in prison," I told him.

"It will be worth it," he said and continued licking my pussy as his finger pushed into my pussy deeper, but not deep enough to break my hymen. I inserted another finger and started to move it in and out of my pussy. His tongue is continually licking my clit. My body was on fire, and I felt overwhelm with desire.

Suddenly I felt something hard touching my pussy. I jerked myself away from it knowing what it was. But he continued to rub his hard cock on my pussy. Not pushing inside but rubbing the outside enhancing my arousal. His fingers left my pussy and place his wet digits on my mouth. I turned my head sideways.

"Smell your arousal Sister Felicity. No matter how hard you deny yourself from accepting pleasures your body betrays you," he told me. 

He holds my head firmly and kisses my mouth forcing it open. He places his wet fingers with my pussy juice inside my mouth while he continued kissing my mouth ardently. I tasted myself and I find myself getting more arouse. His cock still rubbing my clit and forcing his the head inside.

I tried pushing myself away from him. But he was so strong that I could not shake him off. My legs are spread eagle and there is nothing I can do to prevent what is going to happen. My breath is now shallow. I do not know if what I'm feeling is because I am scared or aroused. But whatever it is the feelings are driving me insane.

"No don't put it inside me. Please. Stop what you are doing. Please!" I shouted at him. I can feel myself crying as the feelings intensified. 

"You want it as much as I do. Your pussy is so wet," he whispered in my ear.

"No! I don't want to be rape!" I shouted at him.

"Rape? Who said that I was raping you? Your body betrays you. You want my cock as much as my cock wants your pussy," he chuckled.

I shook my head in denial while my body was anticipating his next move. Suddenly he slams his cock all the way in and I screamed in pain as my hymen breaks.

"Stop! Please stop! It hurts so much," I pleaded with him.

My pleas were not heard as he continued to pound inside my pussy harshly. He kissed my mouth as his hands rubbed my breasts. The pain suddenly turns into pleasure. My body finally has reached its limit as it started succumbing to this forbidden pleasure. I can feel that something is starting to build up inside of me, but I do not know what it was. The feeling was so intense. Then it was gone. His cock was gone, and I whimpered at its loss.

"Why?" I whispered to him.

"I will not continue until you tell me what you want," he said.

I shook my head in denial.

"Then so be it," he said. I felt him leave the bed.

"No. Please," I told him.

"What do you want? What do you desire the most Sister Felicity?" he asked me.

"I want you to continue what you were doing," I answered softly.

"What? I cannot understand you?" he said.

"Please, don't make me say it," I asked him.

He just kept quiet. I can feel my tears falling as my body was left confused and searching for something. Finally, I give in to my deepest, darkest hidden desires.

"I want your cock inside my pussy. I want you to fuck me hard with your hard dick," I told him.

"Finally," he said. 

He approached me and removes the knots that tied my hands and legs on the bed post. As soon as my hands and legs are untied he plunged his cock into my pussy hard.

"Tell me Sister, is this what you want? My cock inside your tight wet pussy?" he asked. I nodded.

"Do you want to watch my cock as it fucks your pussy hard?" he asked. I nodded again.

He removed my blindfold, and my eyes widen in shock.

"Father Thomas?!" I shouted at him. I beat my hands at him to make him stop but he was so strong. I was so confused and aroused. The feelings are overtaking my senses.

"Don't deny my cock Sister Felicity. You have wanted this for so long. I so you play with yourself while I was taking a shower. Did you think that I did not see you?" he asked as he continuously fuck my pussy. I can hear my pussy make a sound as it gets wetter and wetter.

"Oh Father Thomas, I wanted your cock for so long," I moaned at him, giving into this sinful pleasure.

"Oh fuck. Your pussy is so tight," he murmured.

Father Thomas fucked me hard, and I raised my hips meeting him thrust per thrust.

"I'm almost coming Father. Push your cock hard and faster. Pound it into my tight wet pussy," I told him.

"Fuck. Yes. Take my cock. Take it deeper," he said as he continually fucks my pussy. I can tell that he is almost coming as his thrusts were getting faster. I can't take it anymore and I come so hard that I screamed my release.

Upon feeling my pussy tighten as I cum, Father Thomas release his massive orgasm. The feel of his sperm as it spurts inside my pussy made me come again. Father Thomas gave a last hard fuck before falling on top of my body. He pulled his cock outside my pussy, and I shivered. My pussy felt alive. I wanted more.

Father Thomas laid on my left side and gathered me in his arms.

"We'll talk tomorrow. For now, sleep," he murmured.

I smiled contentedly. So this is fucking. It is so addicting. I don't want to give up this feeling. Father Thomas' cock made my pussy sing. I wanted to do it again.