 Hidden Passions: The Two Sides of Desire

"My God, what a bitch," I remember thinking to myself the first time I encountered Miranda at work.

Miranda had earned the dubious reputation at work of being a real "Iron Maiden" in the office where we worked. Referred to as the " Ole Ball Buster" or "Nut Cracker" by some of the guys who worked for her, it wasn't long until Miranda would become the joke of men's locker room talk.

However, Miranda was not the one to let it bother her, or at least on the outside that is. She knew a lot of her subordinates didn't like her but she was okay with that. In her mind she was there to do one thing: turn sales around and increase the department's productivity.

Miranda had been brought it from the outside by the new president of the firm along with me and a few others to help turn around a floundering publishing firm that had just been acquired . 

As the new district sales manger, Miranda's job was to turn sales around and mine as VP of Finance and Accounting Information Systems was to get the company on solid financial footing as well as update the arcane dinosaur bookkeeping system the company had been operating with.

I was able to implement new cost cutting procedures that cut expenses over half and had just brought online a new financial accounting system that paid for itself in seven months As a result the company was operating in the black again and the only thing that had to be improved was marketing its products and increasing the productivity of the sales reps.

This proved to be a challenge even to Miranda. In the First business meeting I noticed she was letting in to them like she was preaching as fire and brimstone kind of sermon. This was when I first formulated my opinion of her but as I would get to know her over the course of the following seven months I would come to know a softer side that not too many people saw.

I first saw this softer side when after being there for seven months, one Friday she came by my office around 11:45 a.m. and out of the blue asked if I would like to have lunch with her, her treat she added. I said sure why not and we went in her car, which turned out to be a midnight blue convertible 2001 Mustang.

I guess I should have figured she would drive this sort of car by the way she appeared. Standing approximately 5'7" tall with frizzy dark chestnut brown hair that came down to her shoulder blades, Miranda was a knockout. 

Miranda had a slender build but medium sized tits. I estimated she was a 34(possibly A cup) in the breasts and her waist and hips looked slender, maybe a 22 in the waist and 32 in the hips.

Even though Miranda dressed professionally, the outfits she wore were still enticing. On this particular day she had on a cream colored button sweater on top of a matching shell underneath that had a modest but low neck line. She was also wearing a tope colored skirt that came down below her knees. 

The outfit was capped off by brown boots that came up to her knees and a pink sapphire necklace that was set in 14 carat gold and tiny diamond specks around it. The necklace had one big stone and then had 3 little stones that draped down from it. 

Just from the way the outfit was designed it called attention to her bust line and if a person wasn't careful he would spend too much time looking at her breast which could be seen sticking proudly out from her chest as they appeared so perfectly round.

Being careful, I tried not to stare but Miranda obviously didn't care whether people did or not. To her it was a big turn on and she was proud of her body and didn't mind showing it off.

"So what do you think about the Hearthside Room," Miranda said racing off in the car. 

"Sounds good to me" I replied. "But isn't that a little pricy," I added.

"Don't worry about it sugar, its no trouble," Miranda said with a smile.

As we drove to the restaurant, Miranda was the chatter box, cutting up cracking jokes and telling me all about herself. I would come to find out over the course of lunch that the exterior she put up at the office was far different than the real Miranda. The real Miranda was sensitive, somewhat shy at first but when you got to know her she was fun loving, loved to party, and anything but a bitch.

We arrived at the restaurant around 12:15 and they seated us by a fireplace in a secluded area in an L-shaped booth. Miranda sat on one side and I sat beside her but at a 45 degree angle .

All during lunch we talked and I told her about myself. She listened intently and I could tell just by the way she smiled that there was some spark there between us and if I was willing to purse it further I was willing to bet we could connect.

"So Dave, tell me something," Miranda said with a soft sigh in almost a perplexed tone as she scooted over in the seat so she was next to me. "How do I get those knuckleheads in sales to get off their fat asses and generate new accounts?"

"Ah," I replied, "therein lies the rub You see, most of those people are college interns who think it's not the real world. I have been watching you and you are very much real world oriented. I think it well help if you get them to think that way as well." 

"How do I do that," Miranda replied. 

"Well treat their intern jobs like a real world job."

"Don't I need executive approval" Miranda replied.

"Ask Mr. Peters and tell him your situation, and I will back you up," I said assuringly.

"Thanks Dave, you're a sweetheart," Miranda said putting her hand on mine and giving me a hug and a kiss on the cheek.

It was like we had passed the first level of our relationship and were now connecting on a more intimate level

"So tell me truthfully Dave," Miranda said softly. "What was your first opinion about me?"

Ah, one of the age old trick questions you can't win at. Do you tell the truth and risk alienating a new possible friend(and possibly more) or do you lie like a dog and get caught in a lie then lose her respect. As tactfully as I could, I told her that I had formed an ill formed opinion based on what others said.

"Good answer," Miranda replied and surprisingly enough kissed me on the lips softly. "I know that people think I am an asshole and I believe the nickname some have given me is ball breaker."

"I also have come to know a little something about you over the last seven months sweetie," Miranda added. "I know that you are firm but fair and that you respect those who work for you. Also, you honestly don't want to hurt anyone's feelings and I thank you for being the gentleman and sparing mine."

"Well," I replied, "I must confess that since I have watched you and come to know you, that you are not what everyone has made you out to be. By contrast, you are a very charming, very lovely, and if I may be so bold as to say, very attractive woman and someone with who I can hope to work much closer with and get to know better."

"I would like that too very much so," Miranda replied softly smiling and running her hand over mine. "Why don't we get to know each other better by having drinks and dinner tonight."

"Sounds good," I replied, "but I insist that you let me pay this time," I added.

"Deal," Miranda said with a sweet smile and with that we both kissed and rose from the table hand in hand and walked back to her car.

By now it was now about 2:30. I opened her door to the car and as she was getting ready to get into the car she suddenly paused turned towards me, threw her arms around me, pulled me to her, and laid a long deep wet kiss on me. 

Miranda had her hot tight little body pressed into mine and as she kissed me, she rubbed it up against mine and slid her leg across mine. She also grinded her crotch against mine and I am quite sure she felt my raging hard on that was now pulsating through my pants.

"What was that for," I said with a smile as we broke the kiss. "It's not that I am complaining, because I am not," I added. "It's just that kiss caught me off guard."

"Well sweetie," Miranda said smiling. "I just wanted to express in some small way how thankful I am that you have treated me with respect. It really meant a lot to me." 

"Wow, if that is the way she shows mild gratitude, I can't wait to see how she is when she is really thankful," is what was going through my mind at the time.

Miranda must have been able to read my mind or something because after the kiss she added with a sexy voice "and if you think that is hot, just wait until later this evening when I can thank you thoroughly, big boy" and with that she gave me a naughty wink and got into the car.

On the way back to the office, Miranda had one hand on the wheel and one hand in mine as we drove. It was pretty apparent that we had both connected on an intimate level and that something hot and carnal would develop from this relationship and I was for it as I know she was.

When we arrived at the office, we kissed again in the parking garage. This time Miranda would slip her hand between us and I felt her begin to rub my massive pulsating cock through my pants and just as she was going to put her hand inside my pants, we heard a car come around the corner and broke the kiss and tried to act normal.

It was a good thing we did because not only was it security making their regular one hour rounds and not only that but Mr. Peters, the company President was just coming out of the garage elevator on his way to his car.

"Ah, Mr. Perkins, Miranda, you are back from lunch so soon," he said in a jovial mood.

I looked at my watch and it said 3:15 and looked at Miranda and she was as puzzled as I was about him being so nonchalant about us extending our lunch by almost two and one half hours without telling any one.

"What are you two still hanging around here for," Mr. Peters added. "It's the weekend and you have worked hard. Take the rest of the day off and go have some fun. As a matter of fact, I am giving you Monday and Tuesday off as well After all, if you don't take sometime for yourselves you will end up old and grey like me," and with that he got in his car and drove off.

Miranda and I both giggled and with that, we both went upstairs to get what we needed from the office and got back into her car and drove to her place to start what would be a wild and lustful weekend. 

On the way to her place, Miranda suggested that we stop off at my place and pick up some clothes so we drove to my condo and I packed a suitcase and got some clothes to last until Wednesday, including suit to wear to the office and something to go partying in tonight and tomorrow night if we felt like painting the town red.

After we left my condo we drove the 45 minutes to Miranda's private lake house just 15 minutes outside of town. It was a nice split level cabin with a deck that over looked one of the areas nicer natural lakes. 

Miranda pulled into the garage and got out of the car. Grabbing my things we both walked inside the house where we were now cut off from view by the rest of the world.

"So here we are sugar," Miranda said with a smile as she closed the door behind her. "Its not much but it's home. Let me go change and I'll be back in a flash. Make yourself comfy."

"Not much," I thought to myself as I looked around the spacious split level 2,200 square foot cabin. "Damn if this is tiny I hate to see what she considers big." 

A few minutes later, Miranda came back wearing a lemon cream yellow robe that came down to just below her hips and showed off an ample amount of her long luscious well toned dancer's legs.

"Here sweetie," Miranda said taking me by the hand. "Let me give you the personal and private tour of my little love nest. I promise you won't be disappointed." 

The cabin contained a huge spacious living room, kitchen and dining area, a loft area upstairs with a bedroom and bathroom and on the main floor was a hall that contained a bathroom and two more bedrooms and a laundry area.

Also in that same hall was a door that led downstairs to her private "play area" as she liked to refer to it. As soon as we descended the stairs we were in a nice 20x25 spacious recreation room that had a nice overstuffed dark charcoal gray leather 3 seater sofa, a huge 52 inch wide screen TV built into the wall and a home theater system with theater quality speakers built into the walls.

The playroom also had a several rooms off from it. One was a nice bathroom that contained a sunken whirlpool/Jacuzzi bath, a stand alone show with a 3 sided glass door front which looked like it could hold 2 people and a double vanity.

Adjoining that bathroom was her private "Bed chamber" as she would it call it The room measured 25 x 30 but in reality it was two rooms that had been adjoined. In the center of the room stood a huge king sized 4 posted bed with a canopy. The bed was made of solid cherry Mahogany and stained a light autumn cherry color. 

The bedposts were about 5 feet high from the top of the headboard and foot board and measured approximately 8 inches in diameter. They were very ornately designed with intricate carvings on them. The headboard and footboard were intricately designed as well. 

The mattress looked like a regular pillow top type of mattress but instead of having inner springs lie most did, it had tubes full of water. Looking at the bed, you would have never guessed it was a water bed. 

On both sides of the bed were a two drawer night stand that matched the bed. They were constructed of the same mahogany wood and had the same ornate designs. Along one wall was a dresser which matched the bed and another wall contained a 5 foot six drawer chess of drawers.

"So what's ya think sweetie," Miranda said proudly.

"I think I could get used to this," I replied 

Without thinking I stupidly said "So where do you want me to put my stuff?"

"Well silly," Miranda said with a smile, "this big ole king size bed gets awful lonesome at night and I was thinking that you would share it with me, that is unless you would want to pass up sleeping with this." 

As she said this she had laid back on the bed so that she was propped up on her elbows and now had her robe off revealing nothing but her luscious naked body. 

"So Dave honey, which will it be," Miranda said lustfully, stroking her sweet body. "Do you wanna bed down with me or shall I have to sleep in this big ole bed alone and resort to ways to satisfy" and as she spoke these next words, she said them with a breathy, husky, sensual, voice as she was now stroking her nicely trimmed pussy with her hand, "my sensual, carnal, womanly desires."

"So which side is mine," I promptly said. 

"Any side you want baby," Miranda said raising up on her hands and knees as she crawled to the side of the bed where I was standing and taking me by the tie, pulled me to her. "But I find it more fun to just end up where you end up after a hot night of passion." 

Without saying a word, she planted a long wet deep French kiss on me as her tongue probed the inside of my mouth. Untying my tie, she removed it and began to unbutton my shirt and soon it wasn't long until she had both it and my t-shirt off.

Next, Miranda stood up on her knees and unbuckled my belt, unfastened my pants and allowed them to fall off. She then slipped her hand inside my underwear and pulled out my pulsating fully erect 8 inch cock and begins to lick around the head. 

"Mmmmm," she croons with a lustful voice as now she has taken my cock all the way in her mouth and is sucking on it like a lollipop. 

Miranda puts one hand on the back of my butt as she sucks my cock and takes one hand and begins to play with my balls. This gets my head to swimming and Miranda can tell I am getting weak in the knees so she takes my hand and has me lie down on my back where she continues to work her magic.

To be fair to me as well as allow herself a little pleasure, she crawls on top of me so that we are in the 69 position. Lowering her sweet pussy onto my face I go at her eating her out as she sucks me off.

"Oh yes Dave," Miranda crooned as she lifts her head and gasps for breath. "God you are good. Don't stop baby!"

I can tell Miranda's pussy is quivering and I taste the sweat nectar from her honey pot as it trickles over my tongue. I know it wont be long until Miranda is going to cum flooding my mouth with her sweet sticky cream.

Just as I have expected, Miranda arches her back and cries out "Oh god yes-s-s-s-s-s-s-s!!!!" as she convulses and her back arches.

Miranda floods my mouth with her sweet honey nectar and I lick it up as I pull her hips to me and use my tongue like a little cock.

"Don't stop lover," Miranda panted with a breathy voice. "Make me cum again and again."

I inserted one then two then finally three fingers into her pussy as I continued to eat her out. Miranda is so consumed with passion she stopped sucking my cock for a few minutes until her orgasm climaxes again,

Miranda then returns to sucking on my cock and I know it wont be long until I blow my load.

"Oh shit yes Miranda," I moaned as I felt my cock swell with cum.. "Here it cums baby," I say in a breathy voice as I try to hold back but finally give in to the pleasure

My load spurts out of my cock and Miranda has her mouth all the way down on it and drinks down every last bit, not missing a drop

"Mmmmm sweetie, that was so good," she purred with delight, but I would love to feel it deep inside of me even more," and with that she turns around and mount my cock and proceeds to ride me like a wild bronco.

Miranda's pussy was so tight and oh so wet as it slid down over the sides of my pulsating cock. Miranda began to ride me with long slow intense motions at first and was soon riding me fast and furiously.

Miranda pulled me up so that now we are embraced and allowed me to suck her off as we fuck ."Nurse me baby," Miranda moaned with ecstasy

I continued to suck on her supple breasts as she held my head there. It isn't l until I know we are both going to explode because I feel her pussy quiver and I know my cock is swelling with cum

"Oh yes baby," Miranda panted as I tell her I am on the verge of cumming. "Make me cum baby and let me feel your hot manhood deep inside of me"

It wasn't 30 seconds until I felt my cum start to stream forth from my cock

"Oh god yes-s-s-s-s-s-s," Miranda crooned as I spunked my load deep inside of her 

Miranda lets me fall on my back as she collapsed on top of me, still with my cock buried deep inside of her. Our bodies press together as we come down from our orgasmic high.

Oh baby, that was even better than I imagined," Miranda said with a panting voice. "I must confess I have wanted you since the first day I set eyes on you but I took me nearly seven months to get the nerve up to ask you to lunch." 

"You don't know how many countless nights I have laid in this bed with a battery powered dildo and frigged myself to sleep over you," Miranda added. Batteries get costly after a while and I am glad I now have had the real thing."

"I have a confession to make," I replied smiling. "I must say that I wanted you to but had always figured you unattainable so I decided not to pursue. However I am glad you made the move."

By now it was almost 5:30 and both of us were getting pretty hungry. 

"So you ready to go get something to eat and go out on the town," Miranda said with a smile.

"Sure thing I replied" and with that she got up took me by the hand and led me to the bathroom

"So sweetie do you wanna use the shower or the hot tub," Miranda said seductively.

"I have always wanted to make it in a hot tub," I said with a devilish grin.

"Mmmmmm, sounds delightfully kinky," Miranda purred with delight. "Lets give it a try right now."

Miranda turns on the water to the bath and then turns on the whirlpool jets. She then pours in some bubble bath and taking me by the hand we both climb into the tub. I sit on a bench and she sits on my lap facing away from me as she guides my cock into her pussy.
