 As they washed their hands after doing business at the ladies room, Stephanie (the new girl from DC) and Claire, got a little office gossip going: 

"So Claire, I hear 'Jimmy the nerd' has a thing for you uh?" Stephanie asked with a naughty wink.

"Yeah right!" Claire answered in a voiced drenched in sarcasm.

"Have you ever been out on a date with him?"

"Hell no, what would I be doing with a geek like Jim? Puhleeeeease!" said Claire.

"Oh really, just how much do you know about him then?" Stephanie persisted.

"Enough to know I don't wanna be caught hanging out with a loser like him".

"I guess you're right" Stephanie sighed, and then with a wishful twinkle in her eyes added, "but then he makes tons of money doesn't he?"

"Yeah right!" Well, news flash! I'm not really a material girl you know", Claire countered in a not so complementary tone of voice...

Stephanie just wouldn't drop it, and so she asked, "So what does it for you in a guy apart from great looks then?"

"Um let's see..." Claire paused for a moment, her eye brows wrinkled, wondering if she is ready to share that info with Stephanie...

"Oh come on girl, you could tell me...." Stephanie urged her.

"Well if you must know, a man has to have a decent sized asset if you catch my drift" she said her face lighting up with a naughty and bad girl smile.

"Oh Really?" Stephanie asked in an exaggerated expression of surprise.

"Yeah!" He's got to be able to make my pussy ache afterwards too". She added hoping that would shock her friend into dropping the issue.

Of course it didn't work; it just made Stephanie even more interested. 

"Wow! Ok back up just a second, ok... Did I ever tell you I worked with Jim before back in DC?"

Taken slightly aback, Claire, stopped with her hand mid motion, and her stubborn chin stuck out slightly. She didn't know where Stephanie was going with this but she wasn't sure she'd like it.

"Oh, did you now? Ok so what about it?" Claire asked.

"Well nothing except there was a lot of talk back then about how huge his umm... 'Package' is." She blushes. 

"Most of it was before my time at that firm, but rumor has it that there was this virgin at 30 girl, and well....when she and Jim you know..." she paused and gestures at sex, before continuing; "Well he tore her pussy to pieces, after that there was a mad rush and all the freaky girls in the office wanted a piece of the action. Don't know how much of it is true, but the stuff about his package is for real" Stephanie concluded her face blushing deep red...

Claire whistled in excitement and then added, "Well I'll be damned!" 

Now it was Claire who wouldn't drop the issue, she looked sideways at her friend again and said; "Well, well, I surely love huge cocks, and from what you just told me, I guess I'll just have to find out for myself won't I?"

"Yeah, I guess, but please keep this between us, ok..." Stephanie cautioned.

"Sure thing girl, Ssh!!" Claire gestures with finger across her lips.



As they finished powdering their noses and left, the toilet flushed in one of the stalls, and out came Jessica, 30-year old red head, and office supervisor. 

Jess cocked her head and turned the information she just heard over in her mind, then as a plan of action formed in her freaky mind... she broke out in a wide smile, and then laughed with joy at her luck.

Jess had a magnificent, curly auburn hair and big brown eyes. At 5feet 8inches tall, her sexy thighs and hot legs were well conditioned and strong. She was a sexy woman by any standards. It was common knowledge in the office that she was a slut. It was also known in certain circles that she was bisexual in orientation. Being the office supervisor however has made it necessary for her to act the lovable bitch more often than not, so a lot is whispered behind her back than is said to her face.

********************

Claire spent the weekend planning her gambit, knowing how smart Jim was, she knew her plan had to be simple and innocent and completely believable. First, she decided she had to verify the size of his 'package'. Then she had to seduce him, which shouldn't be too hard, considering he had already asked her out before...

It was 6 p.m. on Thursday and everyone else was gone for the day, but as usual, Jim was working late. Claire knew her timing had to be right, so after making sure that he knew she was still around, she gave him another half hour, by which time he would have finished whatever he was doing.

At 6.30 p.m., she went by his office and asked him if he was going to be here much longer, as she was thinking of leaving right away. His quick mind considered how nice she had been to him in the past week, and reasoning that she had finally made up her mind to give him a chance, he told her to hang on a couple of minutes while he shut down his work station.

They walked out of the office together and on their way out he offered her a ride home, then he offered her dinner on the way, both of which she accepted.

Meanwhile, across the corridor, from the partially open door of her own office, Jess had been monitoring them both, wondering what their next move would be. She has a strong hunch, and the success of her own plan depended on that one hunch. When they left the office together without incident, she smiled, with a bit of disappointment, yet feeling the excitement of hunter working hard to snare a worthy quarry.

When they eventually arrived in front of her building, Claire thanked Jim and when he attempted to kiss her, she didn't pull away from him. He kissed her lips, and drew her into a romantic embrace, and nibbled on her lower lips; she pressed her soft firm breasts into his chest, causing his manhood to swell in response to the exciting sensual stimulus.

In order to maximize the opportunity, she opened her mouth and allowed him to slip his tongue into her mouth, and then she returned his passionate kisses with such enthusiasm, within a matter of minutes his erection had grown into a huge pulsing bulge in his pants, and the pressure of it against her tummy made her crotch dissolve into a puddle of juicy wetness, and her knees turned to jelly.

Her logical mind was telling her to end the contact for that night, yet her freaky mind urged her to continue and to explore a little further. She unzipped his fly and slid her hand through the opening, and then over the waistband of his shorts. She took hold of his manhood and her hand, she was excited by its powerful pulsing energy, her hand could barely encircle its girth and her eyes widened in awe. Just then they are disturbed by the sound of approaching footsteps, she hurriedly withdrew her hands out from his pants as they quickly separated. 

A few minutes later, he was gone and she was safely in her room, so horny, and needing to cum badly. She hurriedly stripped and looked her body over in the mirror on her wall. Her nipples were rock hard and pink with her desire, her pussy lips were swollen and wet, and her clit was erect too. She cupped her breast with her left hand, and soon began to pinch and tease her hard nipples, while her right hand brushed over her wet sex. Her fingers found and stroked her erect clit and worked in a circular motion to pleasure it.

She moved to her bed, and from her nightstand drawer retrieved her dildo, and puts it to work. When her orgasm came amidst moaning and panting, she felt only slightly relieved, as her whole being was awash with her craving for Jim's huge package which felt so alive and full of raw energy in her hand only a few minutes ago.

**************************

It had been a long day at work; Jim had been avoiding her all day, and the hours just simply refused to move on. The few times she saw him passing by, memories of his thickness in her hands, made her hot and moist causing her to take a few more trips to the ladies' than usual.

With everybody gone at 7.00 p.m., she entered Jim's office, and as he started to apologize about last night, she shut him up with a kiss. They kissed deeply and passionately, and the heat of her desire soon made it plain to Jim that this was not a drill.  

As he kissed her, nibbled on her lower lips, and then kissed her neck, she let out a moan, and then began to unbutton his shirt, and unbuckle his belt. Within a few minutes, she was down to her thongs and bra, and Jim was standing in his boxers, admiring the beauty of her very sexy body. Claire's eyes were glued to the tent in his shorts; the tension in the air between them was so palpable. After an eternity, they made a mad dash to strip each other of the last items shielding them from complete sensual union.

Their devotion to the exploration of each other's body was so intense that they did not hear Jess open the door a crack. Through the crack, she looked on hungrily as Jim unclasped Claire's bra, when her beautiful pair of tits tumble free, she felt a shiver run through her.

To be continued......