 This is a continuation of a story called "A New Home: Morning." It is a work of fiction and not based on any experience I have had. I believe in openness and honesty in a marriage. A marriage is founded on a promise between two people. I hope people keep their promises whatever they may be. Enjoy the fantasy and let me know what you think and what it inspires!

A New Home: Hidden Lake

Standing on the long sloping green lawn that runs up to their home, Drew and June felt the heat of the day. The leaves had changed color into brilliant red and gold. Some leaves blew across the hill in the warm breeze. A chilly autumn morning has turned into a brilliant sunny day. The color of the leaves explode in the sunshine off the tops of the trees. Drew and June both felt the heat of the sun. June fell onto the grass with the drama of a an Oscar winner. Her husband watched and laughed a loud boisterous laugh. His laugh was a sound that June always loved to hear. It just made her feel happy.

"What are you doing?" Drew asks as he looks down at his wife laying on her back. Her gorgeous tanned legs falling out of the short denim skirt. A favorite skirt that just putting it on makes her feel good. 

"It feels good and I'm hot. How about that sexy?" June responds with flirtatious banter. June spreads her legs and Drew's eyes open wide. Her laughter echoes across the lawn.

"Come on, give me a hand up .... I've got an idea," June says with her outreached hand. Drew responds and reaches down with an open hand. "What is your idea?" Drew asks his wife and she smiles. June bends forward and puts her hands under her skirt. Hips wiggle a little and she pulls her panties down her thighs. Drew looks at her with a "what the fuck" look on his face! "I need a blindfold and I .... well .... Thought these might be fun," June says to her flabbergasted husband. "Oh come on Mister Prude we just fucked in front of the neighbors. What else could happen," June says and she has a point. This morning they discovered a garden on their property and had an amazing fuck behind their garden wall ... all the while being watched by their neighbors! "Ok lets cover your eyes," June says to her husband. 

June moves over behind Drew. "It is clear you are serious. What is this all about?" June responds to Drew's reticent statement in saying, "it will be a lot of fun. I guarantee it!" With that June slips her panties over her mans eyes. She takes his hand and they start walking slowly. Drew is surprised by how unsteady he has gotten just by covering his eyes. His wife has delicate panties and the thin fabric allows the light to come in. He can tell if something is in front of him. The scent of her sex fills his head as the panties cover his nose as well. He breaths deep and squeezes her hand.

Drew pulls her closer to him. His bare arm wrapping around her thin waist. Whispering in June's ear ... feels so good to both of them. They are lost in their time together. The words and his breath overwhelm her. Hot breath on her ear and salacious talk ... both send a tingle through her body. June makes an audible sigh, "soooo good." The sun shines down on her face. She closes her eyes and feels the warmth on her face. It is almost as if she is soaking up the sun to store for the long winter ahead. Her eyes close and she is thinking of nothing. She is in the moment and it is a delicious moment that she will think back on for years to come.

Drew married a passionate woman. She has matured from that time they fell in love. A young struggling professional with tremendous intelligence but low confidence. She always succeeded through her simple refusal to fail at anything. She hated losing far more than a desire to win. That fear is gone now and there is a gentle confidence. The deep history they have together is something they both cherish. History is something everyone wants as long as it is a history of being wanted, valued and loved.

They slowly walk past the garden and June can see the door is closed tight now. June squeezes his hand and prattles on about how lucky they got in getting this amazing place. "Maybe that couple didn't sell us the place but chose us for it," Drew says and they talk about that possibility. "Grant sure gave us a deal," Drew says summing it all up and June agrees with a hug. 

"I love walking and leading you on an adventure. Isn't it great to get a break like this? Just nothing to do, no work or kids or anything!" June talks on and is just bubbly from the wonderful day taking place. So much is going right that Drew just couldn't imagine what would happen next. 

Moving down the path they reach the rocks and the small hut. June climbs up on the granite boulder. The rocks are big with some the size of cars. They are stacked high. The pines growing up into them except for this one spot at the path. June remembers that they should see the pond just beyond the boulders. Inside the cute little house is a sauna.

Her neighbor Helen told her it would be all ready to go. The fire in the stove would be hot and the water tank and bucket right inside. June can hear the instructions in her head, "there will be towels right inside the door on the hooks. Leave your clothes there and go for a quick cool dip. Then head into the sauna for some heat. Do the cycle a few times and you will feel fantastic!" Helen had told her about it and said they are welcome to use it anytime. They had just built it last year and it is bigger than it looks!

The sauna is in a small cedar board house that even has a small porch. The smell of the pines around the lake is wonderful. June looks down at Drew and says, "OK big man ... you can take off your panties now!" Drew laughs loudly and so does June. He lifts the panties off the top of his head and has a look of surprise on his face. Drew looks at his wife up on the boulder. "The lake is beyond the rocks and that is the sauna," she explains to Drew. June hops down off the boulder and explains how Helen had pulled her aside this morning and told her she had an idea for them. Her idea was that they should go down to the lake and take a sauna with a swim in the lake before they meet up for lunch.

"What great neighbors," Drew says as June takes his hand to lead them into the sauna. There are benches on the porch. The wood is a solid and really looks great. He opens the door and can feel the warmth inside. There is a small area with some benches and hooks on the wall. Another door just inside leads into the hot area with broad wooden benches down both sides of the room. There is a big furnace in the middle giving off heat. He shuts the door.

"Lets go swimming," June says and her nimble fingers unfasten her denim skirt. Drew watches her ease her skirt down to expose her little patch of hair just above that gorgeous pussy. Drew lift his shirt above his head and hangs it on a thick wooden peg up on the wall. Naked above the waist, Drew unfastens his pants as June hangs her top up on the wall. Her full C cup breasts hang as she reaches to the peg. 

"Hmmm," June purrs as Drew hangs his pants on the wall peg. Her light touch gently wanders over Drew's cock and balls. Her other hand runs down over his bare ass. Drew strokes his wife's breast. Her nipples responding quickly to his touch and the heat. June steps back and says, "how about that swim?" She is a master at foreplay with the rise and fall of both their libido. The day is all about waves of pleasure. 

He reaches down and pulls June up onto the rock. She steps up onto the rock with Drew and they stand naked looking out over the mountain lake. 

The sun glistens off the water. Green pine trees ring the pond. Granite boulders look as though they are stacked up on the sandy beach. "Oh my God this is incredible. They said there was a pond back here. This is a lake!" June exclaims. "I knew there was water back here but it is on the neighbors land so I didn't pay much attention to it. I guess this is another surprise from Grant who sold us the house. He said there was a pond back here but didn't say much else. I just figured it was a retention area where the water drained down from the house and barn. This looks more like it was mined for rock at one time." he finishes. They both are looking about the lake.

The lake is at least 5 acres. The water is a brilliant, clean and clear. The granite boulders ring the water to the cut walls on the other side. Sheared granite walls lead down to the water. They look like somebody was cutting granite slabs at some point in time. 

"Well ... lets go swimming," Drew announces. "This is going to be cold," June gasps! The cool nights of autumn have probably ensured that fact. Her husband is just smiling ear to ear. "Come on June ... lets jump!" Drew never takes his eyes off his wife. "Its hot out here and this might be the last warm day of the year. Lets go skinny dipping! Embrace the cold and the heat of that sauna will feel even better ..." Drew says with his always positive perspective.

"This day just keeps getting better ... for you," June says with a laugh. Her eyes taking in her husband. His thick cock handing pendulously between his thighs. June's nipples point outward and up as the sun caresses her supple flesh. They can hear the lapping of the water on the sand. A warm breeze is Summer's way of fighting for one last day against the oncoming autumn.

"Wait ... over here," June jogs over the rocks and climbs up. She moves like a gymnast over the boulders. She is out over the water now. It is clearly deep enough to jump. "Here goes," says June "Wait! It could be shallow ..." Drew calls out as he climbs after her. Its too late and her nude form knifes into the water. 

June feels so alive as her flesh meets the chilly water. She is submerged ... naked ... the water rippling over every inch of her body. She plunges down deep into the water. Her nipples swell instantly. She opens her eyes and looks up at the surface. Streams of light coming down through the water. She reaches out ... up toward the surface and pulls back. Her body rises with the swimming stroke. Her body reacts to the clear cold mountain water.

"WOW!!! OH MY GOD .... that was great! Oh Drew you have to jump in!" She calls out to her husband poised up on the boulder. Her legs peddling beneath the surface and her lean arms pushing water away as she treads water.

Drew holds his cock and balls. He leaps out and into the hidden lake.

June laughs aloud. "Ha ha ha ha haaaaa," she howls with laughter before her body slides under the water. She kicks and water rushes over her naked flesh. The freedom, the sensations, the desires are all coming together for her. Naked and exposed ... she slides through the water. June is absolutely loving the water ... the outdoors ... the nudity .... and even the coldness. The water is still very cold and her body is not adapting nor warming to it.

"HOLY FUCK ..... WOW .... you are right! SO COLD but feels fantastic ... wow!" Drew proclaims to his doggy paddling wife who swims right up to him. The cold water feeling like an iceberg had just melted. "We better be careful of polar bears," June jokes. 

They play and frolic awhile until the constant swimming wears them down and they swim to the shore. The chill coming out of the water has obvious effects. "It seems that somebody has some shrinkage!" June squeals and laughs. The two of them climb off the sand and up onto the boulders. They make their way back to the sauna. Quickly walking to get into the warmth of the wooden paradise ... goose bumps, shivering and buck naked.

Inside the door, June grabs two towels off a wooden peg on the wall. Drew holds the door for her. The heat of the room feels amazing. The fire from the ice! Towels ensconce and they both take a seat on the bench. June quickly moves to the higher bench and lays back over the wood. "It is warmer up here," she says and closes her eyes. The quiet is broken only by the crackling of the flames burning in the stove, and the hiss of the steam. Drew uses the wooden ladle to throw water on the heated stones. The soothing tendrils of steam deliver heat and warm moisture to them as they gaze at the flickering flames. The glow of the fire soothes.

June arches her back and lets the towel fall away from her body. Her skin is warm now and it draws Drew's attention. A bead of sweat runs down the center of Drew's back as he watches his wife. His cock now warmed by the heat of the sauna and inspired by his woman. A long hard cock has risen in desire. His towel is pulled aside and his fingers wrap around the shaft of his cock. He leans back against the bench and she watches him while he strokes his rock-solid cock. Gleaming now ... the sweat glistening on their bodies in the heat and glow of the fire.

June opens her eyes in a haze. She is relaxed and languid in her repose. Delicate and nimble fingers slide over her breasts. Bushing her nipples and stroking her skin elicits a purr from her open mouth. Thighs squeeze together and her excitement begins to flow. Ribbons of color crackle in the flames of the fire. The furnace door is tightly closed but June opens her legs. Ravenous longing has built as her fingers probe down across her belly. Her pussy flowers open and ready to be sated and satisfied. A fog of desire has taken her into her self exploration. His hand gripping his cock as it slides up and down. The resplendent and luminous eyes of his wife never missing a stroke.

A strong hand lands on her thigh that she spreads willingly ... eagerly. His tongue cleaves the lips of her pussy. Her mouth opens wide and she moans out ... in unambiguous and unmistakable pleasure. His eyes and mouth feasting as they move about. Her hips move to his touch ... responsive. Her body drips with excitement and pleasure. The arch of her back grows and her own hands stroke and kneed at her breasts. The steam rises off the rocks and their bodies. The eager sexual wants are pulsing and glistening on the head of his cock.

"OH YES," she moans out as orgasm builds ... and rises up within in her. Her ass cheeks tighten together as she clenches in response to that delicious feeling. Her pussy is pulsing with desire. A torrent of moisture runs down her steaming thighs and the crack of her ass. "Oh .. Oh ... oh," she moans out ... desperate for release and yet transported in the pleasure of the moment. It is with full knowledge ... and premeditated that he moves in to lick and suck her melting pussy. His talented finger slides into her. She writhes with lack of inhibition on the bench surrounded by the steam. Her body tightens as she cums on his tongue. "OH DREW!" June screams out in the sauna that is so deep in the forest.

She is panting ... breathing heavily. "This heat is too much ... lets get outside ... cant breathe," June says and Drew reaches under her. With little effort she is scooped into his arms. He moves outside ... through the door and then the exterior door. The sunshine is bright and they squint. Drew sets her down and they stand on the porch. Steam is rising off their bodies in the cooler autumn air. 

"Sit," June commands her husband and puts a hand on his chest to guide him down onto the wooden bench. In the open air, Drew sits with legs astride the bench. His thick hard cock pointing upwards and his smooth balls touch the wood. Reaching down, June takes his cock in hand. Slick and wet, she lowers herself down onto him ... guiding his cock into her dripping pussy. Penetrated and full with her husband's throbbing cock ... never felt so good to June.

Her body quivers as she slides down his slick hard shaft. Her lithe legs astride his muscular thighs. "Ohh ... oh .... sooooo good ....," she moans loudly as her body shakes in pleasure. She is halfway down as a second and even more intense orgasm hits her. Strong arms wrap her trembling orgasmic body. Lush breasts press to his chest. "Oh God I just came ... again," she says with a breathy panting voice. June's slippery body slides down through his arms.

She leans back on the bench placing her hands on the wood. Drew does the same as his eyes look down between her spread thighs watching their glistening sex. His very slippery cock slides in and out of her insatiable pussy. Their bodies still flush with the heat of the sauna. The surreal effect of the autumn air hitting their heated bodies ... steam rising from their skin. He grips her ass and slams his dick up into her. Drew is doing the fucking now! 

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCK YES," Drew grunts out as he arches up into her. June is thrusting back into him quickly in an obedient way. She is urging him on. "Oh Drew ... cum ... cum in me ... give it to me ... oh yess... I need your cum," she prattles and moans. Her voice rising with urgency and Drew gives her what they both want. "UMPH," he grunts and cum flys from his cock. June kisses him hungrily. His cock swelling and dumping repeatedly. Their juices running out of her soaking wet pussy and down over his cock and balls.

From a distance and through the trees is Jim and Helen, the neighbors and owners of the sauna. They both look at each other and smile. The voices of June and Drew carried clearly in the mountain air. "OK ... we better go up and get lunch ready. I think our neighbors have worked up an appetite and we promised them lunch. Heck after the show they have put on for us, we owe them lunch," June says with a smile.