 Author's note: This story originated with a reader who is a realtor and organizer. On one occasion, she actually did find some hidden treasures in a house. My thanks to Kim for her help in creating this story. 

***** 

It was one of those beautiful weekend days between spring and summer, not too hot or humid and perfect for a long morning walk in the neighborhood. Rather than take my usual route, I headed south for several blocks at a comfortable pace that afforded me a cardio workout while looking at various landscaping ideas for my home. I was about to turn east when I noticed a sign announcing an 'Auction' on the next block. I'm a sucker for garage sales but never attended an auction. 'What the hell,' I thought and headed to the designated house. 

It appeared the sale was well underway and I had arrived a couple of hours after the start time stated on the sign in the yard. There was an auctioneer doing his numeric cadence to more than a dozen people assembled. Not knowing exactly what to do, I looked about for someone who looked official. I spied an attractive woman wearing a nametag sitting in an easy chair watching the proceedings. 'What a cutie,' I said to myself. 

I did a quick glance at her nametag and I said, "Hello Kim, I wonder if you could help me?" 

She looked up at me with a smile that made my heart skip a beat. She was a very attractive brunette in a white blouse and dark slacks. When she spoke her voice was like soft music. "Why yes, how may I assist you?" 

"Well, I normally only do garage sales and look for books, LPs, and anything dealing with Christmas." 

"An interesting combination, we have a couple of tables that may have what you may be interested in. Just think of an auction as a larger garage sale. I take it you are a collector?" 

"Guilty. I have a fairly nice collection but I'm always on the lookout for an item that might catch my fancy." 

"I understand completely. I like to collect seasonal items for my house and yard. Let me show you what we have." 

We walked over to some tables that had a variety of items I would expect to find in a garage sale. Two boxes had a variety of hard and softbound books, a small stack of LPs, and a scattering of Christmas figurines. I took out my phone and pulled up pictures of my Christmas inventory and handed it to Kim. After looking at several screens, she looked up at me and said, "You're a serious collector." 

"I've been at it for a few years. I need these photos to remind me of what I have otherwise I might duplicate something. It's the same for the books and LPs. I needed to keep a list of what I already have." 

"I'm impressed with your collection." 

"It's more impressive in person," I replied hoping I could use our mutual hobby as a way to get to know her. Fortunately she must have felt the same and said, "I believe you and as a fellow collector, I'd be honored to see your inventory." 

I gave her my address and she agreed to come over after the sale. I hurried home and did a quick dusting and some general housekeeping. It's pretty obvious that a bachelor lives here and not a hoarder or slob. I was excited and I hoped that we would hit it off. I closed my eyes and remembered her perfume and her lovely looks. I recalled how she came to my chin level when we were standing together. I was getting aroused and I had to remind myself to relax; just take everything nice and easy and slow. A quick shower only provided a partial relief that I had to wipe off the wall. 

Kim arrived at the appointed time and she was every bit as lovely as I remembered. I felt like a school boy on a first date and I think I stammered out something about inviting her in. I hate those awkward first moments when you meet someone in a situation like this. I took the easy tact and asked her about the estate sale and how she was involved. That turned out to be a conversation that would change my future. 

Kim is a realtor and more importantly for me, single. She was at the estate sale because of her side business. 

"I'm an organizer," she stated. "Sometimes I deal with clients who need to dispose of property and they want minimal involvement. We pick out anything they want to keep and it's my job to sell everything else. I direct them to my associates for anything that requires legal work and once that's completed, I coordinate the sale just like you saw today. That particular house already has a contract and everything will be gone except the items the new owners purchased prior to the sale." 

"I'm impressed and I'm a bit envious because it allows you to find gems for your own collections before those of us in the general public have a shot." 

"Yes it does and I take every opportunity I can. Speaking of collections, show me what you have." 

I have a room dedicated to this and I use it as a check on how much I accumulate. My goal is to display everything but I don't want to extend into other rooms. I could tell by her reaction when I turned on the lights that she was overwhelmed. She gasped and said, "Oh my!!" 

After a few minutes of walking in silence around the room, she said, "I can see why you have a photo inventory. This is very impressive." 

We looked at several items and I explained their origin because I do some online trading and purchasing in addition to finding some pieces at garage sales. One particular section of my Christmas collection held her attention for some time. "These are different than the others." 

"Yes they are. Many of these items were handmade by my grandfather. I inherited all these items from my grandmother." 

"That looks like a 'paint-by-number' portrait of Santa." 

"It is. I gave it to my grandmother when I was around 10." 

"And I'll bet she kept it in a prominent viewing place." 

"Much to my embarrassment." 

She looked me in the eye, placed her hand on my chest and said, "I think it is very nice and well done for a child of 10." 

I think I actually blushed some. I heard my stomach growling and realized it was getting late in the day. "If you care to stay longer I could order in some pizza." 

She paused a moment then with a smile said, "I'd like that, thank you." 

I took her into an adjacent room where I stored my wine and suggested she "pick her pleasure" while I made the call. I was glad that we both wanted a 'supreme'. 

I put on some soft romantic music, opened the wine, and we chatted a bit about her collection. Kim said hers was more of a compilation of items she obtained from estates sales and very little from her family. "I collect items that reflect the season and practically everything celebrated. Don't ask me why because I really don't know. My parents or grandparents didn't have nearly what yours did. But I get enjoyment from displaying them so I guess that is all that matters." 

Over pizza and wine we chatted about a variety of things and as the evening progressed, aided by the wine, we shared more personal information. I was particularly encouraged by how close she sat next to me on the couch as we talked well into the evening. We felt so comfortable with each other that we hadn't realized how long we had been talking. It was close to midnight before we called it an evening. Kim stood by the door looking up at me and I so wanted to kiss her. Finally she gave me a hug and we held a tight embrace for several seconds. 

"I'm so happy the way this day has turned out," I whispered. 

"Me, too." 

During our evening's conversation, I had volunteered to help Kim at the house tomorrow. The bulk of the work would be to sell off what didn't move at the auction in a garage sale. She even offered dinner after. 

I arrived at the house and assisted Kim in setting up the sale. I was very impressed with her organizational skills and efficiency. We quickly had everything out and ready. There wasn't much remaining from the auction but enough for the average "stop and look" type shopper. I took the opportunity to tell Kim how much I enjoyed last night. She surprised me as she came over, placed her arms around my waist, looked me in the eye, and said, "I'll let you in on a secret. My feet haven't touched the ground since I left your home last night." 

"Here's a secret back at you. You've captured me body and soul." 

I leaned down to kiss her lightly on the lips but Kim had other ideas and our kiss became one of deep passion. We held each other tight and our tongues engaged in an intimate dance. Our kisses were a mixture of love and lust. It was all I could do to keep my hands from exploring her body. I don't think she could miss my growing cock pressed against her. 

Finally we came up for air. "I thought about holding and kissing you like this all night," I whispered. 

"I am so happy to hear that. I dreamed about this too." 

It was a good thing we had work to do and that gave us a chance to cool down. I know I certainly needed it. However, I couldn't get over how calm and yet elated I felt. Maybe it's infatuation. I hope it's more. 

Being a frequent visitor to garage sales, I wasn't surprised by the volume of lookers and buyers. During the lulls, Kim and I did some serious talking. We both wanted a committed relationship. We expressed our hopes, desires, and even fears about relationships. We shared several kisses too. There was no doubt in my mind that I was falling in love with her. 

There wasn't much remaining to sell by the end of the day. We loaded up Kim's SUV with her tables and the few remaining items destined for the trash and headed to dinner. I wasn't entirely surprised when she suggested that we leave my car at home and then drive to dinner in hers. Looking back on it, I think she had an ulterior motive that was more than I had hoped and confirmed my love for her. 

There was a lot of hand holding going to and during dinner. Her smile warmed my heart and I enjoyed just looking at her. I wanted to memorize everything about her. I reveled in how contented and happy I felt. When our waiter came by with the dessert menu, Kim looked at me with a sly smile and said, "Let's have dessert at my place." An offer I certainly didn't want to refuse. 

During the drive to her home, I tried to display an air of calm all the while my heart and mind were racing. There was no denying my idea of dessert was more of a sexual nature. I had to keep reminding myself to just go slow and let the evening unfold. This was a relationship I wanted to work. 

Once we arrived at her place, she gave me a quick tour of the living quarters and then we headed to the basement. It was my turn to say, "Wow." Except for the furnace, the entire room was a collection of seasonal items both indoors and out. I was impressed with the way she had it displayed. There were shelves devoted to the four seasons and those were subdivided by the events that occur in each. Even the outdoor items were similarly grouped. 

"All of this from the various sales you conduct?" 

"Yes it is. It has taken a few years but I found that most people are collectors of something and more often than not, the owners or the families want to get rid of it when it comes time to either downsize or move to a retirement community. It's pretty easy for me. The owners take what they want and then give me complete control to dispose of everything else. Unless I find hidden money or something of value, I get first shot at everything." 

"Have you ever found hidden money or anything of value?" 

"Yes, but nothing of great value." 

I followed Kim back upstairs and on impulse, I stopped her on the steps so when she turned around we were eye to eye. I took her in my arms and said, "Have I told you lately how much I like being with you?" 

"No," she said, "At least not since dinner." 

I kissed her and she responded passionately. Our tongues played and danced while we held each other in a tight embrace. All our time together culminated into a burning heat of desire. I slowly moved my hands up her side and brushed my thumbs across her breasts, feeling her hard nipples. She responded with a sigh, moved her hands down to my waist, and pulled me in tighter and squeezed her pelvis against my growing member. 

I slipped my hands under her blouse and pushed her bra up to free her beautiful breasts. A very nice handful that I was eager to kiss and fondle. She pulled away slightly to give me more access and at the same time, unbuttoned my shirt. Within moments, we were frantically stripping each other or at least we tried. Undressing on the stairs in the heat of passion sounds erotic in fiction but in real life it's an easy way to lose your balance and fall. After some fumbling, she took my face in her hands and said, "Let's go upstairs to the bedroom." 

When we reached the top of the stairs, she giggled with delight when I cradled her in my arms and kissed her all the way to the bedroom. Our lust was white hot and even though I was on fire with desire, I wanted to savor our first time making love. I slowly removed her blouse, leaving the unclasped bra hanging loose, hiding her lovely breasts. Once it was discarded, I licked and kissed each breast and nipple. 

Gradually, I pulled Kim's jeans down and smiled with delight at her pussy pushing against her black bikini panties. When the jeans were removed, I gazed with enchantment once again at the pleasure soon to be mine. The outline of her labia was clearly visible which made my mouth water and my dick throb in anticipation. I could hear her sighing and she trembled slightly as I slowly moved my hands up her legs. I kissed her pussy and tasted her sweet juice through the wet fabric. I moved my tongue up and down the hidden slit and teased her clit. She was purring when I removed the last remaining garment. 

I picked her up and placed her on the bed. Without pausing, I knelt between her legs and placed my mouth on her pussy. I looked up at her and said, "This is my idea of the perfect dessert." She pulled her legs wide and I ran my tongue up and down her slit, coming close but not touching her love hole. She was sighing, moaning, gasping, and pleading with the moving of her hips for my tongue to enter her cunt. After a few moments, I placed my hands under her butt and pulled her cunt to my mouth. "Oh yeeesssss," she cried out. 

From her breathing, I sensed she was nearing the edge and I moved my tongue up to her clit that was swollen and eager for my touch. Kim's panting was rapidly increasing as I kissed her clit and rubbed it with my tongue. When I inserted two fingers deep inside, she practically came off the bed with her orgasm. I quickly moved down to her cunt to enjoy her sweet nectar. 

After a few moments and before she could recover, I moved my mouth back to her clit and brought her to another intense orgasm. 

"Wow, that was fantastic," she said breathlessly. 

After a few moments she pulled my lips to hers and said, "My turn." 

It didn't take her but a few seconds to remove my jeans and playfully fondle my obviously hard cock straining against the fabric of my underwear. She looked at me with a big smile and said, "Very nice." It was my turn to sigh when she peeled down my shorts and kissed the top of my dick, licking the precum. I heard myself gasp from the incredible sensation of feeling my cock slide into her mouth and her hand stroking it. After a few moments, she stood and with my dick still in her hand, pulled me to the bed. "I want to feel you inside." 

Kim placed my cock at the entrance of her love hole. My eyes never left hers as I slowly entered and filled her cunt completely. I paused to savor the sensation of feeling her vaginal muscles tighten and relax around my dick. The look of contentment on her face was so beautiful and heartwarming. My strokes were long and slow. I watched her gasp with each thrust. As I increased the tempo, her breathing became shallow and quick, her hips rising and falling to meet mine. I could feel my orgasm building and as she climaxed, I pushed my cock in deep and added my cum with hers. 

I collapsed in her arms and she wrapped her legs around my middle, holding me tight against her. Her cunt pulsed around my cock as we both rested, catching our breaths. 

"That was incredible. You are incredible," I whispered in her ear. 

Kim unlocked her legs and rolled us over so she was on top with my cock still in her. She rocked backward just enough to push my dick out then sat back down, placing it between her pussy lips. She had a dreamy expression on her face as she moved her hips in small circles. Watching and feeling her was erotic and quite a turn-on. After a few moments she looked at me, gave me a coy smile, and then with a sigh closed her eyes. Her hands moved to her pussy and I watched her masturbate to an intense orgasm. 

She collapsed on my chest and I wrapped my arms around her, holding tightly. My mind was in a whirl, making love with Kim was a mind blowing experience. I was definitely falling in love with her. After she had recovered some, she pushed up on her hands and gave me a passionate kiss. "I think it's time for my dessert," she said as she moved down between my legs. 

Without saying another word, Kim began to lick our cum from my cock and balls. Each item was carefully cleaned with loving care. By the time she had finished with my dick, it was hard and throbbing, anxious for more. As if she could read my mind, she placed her hands and mouth around it and proceeded to give me a blow job. Soon my hips were responding with her tempo and when she cupped my balls that put me over the edge. 

"Ohhhh Yesss, Kim, I'm goanna cum." 

I filled her mouth with my load and she didn't stop pumping until she had milked every last drop. As soon as she was satisfied with her dessert, she snuggled in my arms and kissed me. Our tongues were dancing as we shared the taste of our cum. 

Feeling contented in the afterglow of fantastic sex, we cuddled and talked about what had just happened. Our discussion quickly became sharing intimate details about sex, what we desired and even some fantasies. 

I hadn't planned to spend the night but was pleased to learn that Kim had intended it all along. I like the way she thinks not to mention what she does to my body. We moved under the covers, still nude, in the spoon position. My hand placed over her, cupping a breast and my dick nestled comfortably between her legs. I inhaled the fragrance of her hair and drifted off to a very restful sleep. My mind and soul were contented with Kim in my arms and life. 

I dreamed about helping Kim go through a house and for some reason we were looking for "hidden treasures." But, I never knew just what she was talking about. We made love in the bedroom and I suddenly woke up as I was about to climax. I realized I was trying to put my hard cock inside her and she was moving her legs wider to make it happen. 

"Someone's up this morning," she said playfully. 

"And someone is very hot and wet." 

I had one hand on her breast and she covered it with hers and squeezed. Our morning love making was more of a quickie. Our love making was pure lust and her orgasm, although breath-taking, only took a few minutes. "I dreamed about the sex we had all night. I guess I was pretty turned-on," she said. 

"I dreamed of you last night, too." 

"There is just one more thing I want." Kim shifted her body and moved down between my legs. She took my cock into her hand and mouth and began to move her head up and down, slowly at first with her tongue teasing my cock head. As my panting and gasping increased, so did her tempo until by body tensed and I filled her mouth with my load. She milked my cock of every drop. "What a great way to start our day," she said with a big grin. 
