 Chapter 1

I watched him through the window, fifth time this week, ever since he broke up with his girlfriend he's done nothing but go to work, come home and sit in front of his computer and jack off to porn. What a waste! His perfect body, cock, ass, and cum wasted on images and movies on a flat screen monitor.

I could tell he was getting close to his orgasm, his hand was picking up speed on his incredible organ, it had to be at least seven inches and wider then anything I've had before. I could see the purple blood engorged head as he stroked his shaft to the hot redhead getting fucked in her ass on the monitor. I knew soon he would stand up and spill his load next to his keyboard. All of the precious cum wasted on a cold hard desk. Then he would just wipe it up with toilet paper, throw it away, and shut down his computer and retire to his bed.

Fuck I was so frustrated, why couldn't I be getting fucked by that wonderful cock and eating that spunk instead. My frustrations increased as I saw him rise out of his chair. His perfect ass was clenched and seconds later his hard cock exploded onto the computer desk. I pretended those six long ropes of cum were hitting me, coating my breasts and filling my mouth. My fingers fucked my pussy and played with my clit as I watched him finish his orgasm and clean up. He left the window, shortly after, where I couldn't see him any longer.

I fell onto my bed, dreaming he was on top of me. I grabbed my largest dildo and shoved it hard into my wet pussy and closed my eyes imagining it was his cock deep in my body giving me what I so desired. Soon I was cumming myself and then I drifted off to sleep with his image in my mind.

*****

The next morning was garbage day and I made it a rule to always take my can out to the curb as he brought his out. I just lived across the street from him. We exchanged pleasantries but he never seemed interested in a real conversation. I went back into my house and watched him drive away to work. I cleaned and exercised and worked from home on my computer and all my chores while he was at work so I wouldn't miss any of him.

Around ten a delivery truck pulled up to his house and dropped off a package on his front porch. Then around 5:30 was when he would come home, pull in his garage and shut it down immediately and disappear into his house. He must have been expecting something because as soon as he was inside, his front door opened and he retrieved the package and went back inside.

I was use to him waiting until dark before he turned his computer on and got busy but today something different happened. He appeared soon after retrieving the package and turned his computer on while he opened up the box. I knew now why he was so eager. He had ordered a toy to play with while he surfed for his sluts. I watched him take out his new toy and set it on the desk. It was an odd looking heart shaped piece of rubber and as I focused my telescope better I could tell it represented the ass of a woman, her butt cheeks and tiny hole but sat flat on the desk and stuck there. He also had bought some lube to go with it. He got all of it out and ready while his computer finished booting up.

"Oh great now's he completely given up and will just fuck that thing every night!" I cursed under my breath.

He sat down and began searching for his favorite porn, anal sex mostly and I could tell he was a fan not only because of the things he watched but because of this new toy he just got. As soon as he had an image of a woman's ass stuffed with a big fat cock on the screen he fished his half erect cock out and started stroking it to its full height. I noticed he started oozing much quicker and he was excited to try his new anal toy. Damn, it pissed me off to see him going to waste like this, when he could be putting that sexual energy and perfect body to good use, pleasing a woman.......Pleasing Me!

I didn't know what else to do and just watched him stroking and rubbing his pre-cum all over his glistening head. It got me so wet to watch him and my nipples would get erect along with my little clit. I even salivated watching his cock ooze through my telescope, wishing it was in my mouth. A few more pictures came up and he admired them each working his cock in his hand. He let go of it and picked up the container of lube, popped the cap and squirted some onto his finger.

He spread the lube onto the toy's realistic ass and pushed his finger in and fingered the toy, adding an additional digit in the process. I watched his cock bounce back and forth as he finger fucked the toy and his other hand was on his computer mouse finding more images to look at. He must have found a good one he could leave up for a while because he let go of the mouse stood up and took his fingers out of the toy. He used the lube on his fingers and rubbed it all around his head and shaft and then put the toy right on the edge of the desk. I watched with curiosity as he put his cock head against the tiny hole of the toy and thought to myself he would never get his huge cock in that small of a hole.

But somehow as he pushed forward the toy stretched around his head and he popped into the fake ass and the expression on his face was one of pure joy and actually a little shock. He kept pushing in and all of his cock disappeared into the toy and actually I could see his head peek out of the hole in the other end just a bit. It must have felt incredible because he didn't last more than five thrusts when all of a sudden he pulled out and exploded all over the desk and toy.

He utterly amazes me with the amount of cum he has. Every day it's the same with no drop in volume now six days in a row. This one was even greater and I contribute it to the new toy and his excitement because he really came big time and made a huge mess of the desk and his new anal toy.

His expression was intense as he stroked his ejaculation member until it finished and he collapsed in his chair again breathing hard from the look of it. He sat there not moving and rested as his cock slowly started to shrink. It happened so quick I think he was shocked how good his new toy was because he was staring at it and picked up the box it came in and started reading the side. He finally set it down and I saw a smile cross his face and he started cleaning up all of his spunk. He just threw it all away again and my mouth watered wishing I had it instead.

It was early still, much earlier then normal and he disappeared further into his house for about five minutes. The porn was still up on his computer and when he returned he had a bowl of cereal and had changed out of his work clothes into his robe he likes to dress in while surfing. It allows him easy access to his cock and he usually takes it off the hotter he gets. He ate and surfed for more porn and his new toy was still on his desk waiting for him. Once he was done with the cereal his left hand went back to his cock under his robe and he played until he was rock hard again with images of women with two cocks in them or he also liked cum shots and woman covered in men's cum or surrounded by cocks.

Soon the robe came undone and I could see his large hard cock again with a large amount of pre-cum oozing down the front of his member. He stopped searching for pictures and moved on to video clips now. Mostly of the same stuff, anal, double penetrations and lots and lots of cum. I took a moment to get undressed and grab a toy then I returned to my chair facing his house and went back to watching him and working the vibrator I had chosen into my very wet pussy. I turned it on and rammed it deep inside of me as he watched another clip and stroked his oozing cock.

He resisted the toy for as long as he could I think. It probably was two hours at least he sat there and surfed and stroked. I had already cum like twice or more while watching him. Then he finally stood up again, lubed up the toy and eased his really hard cock into the toy. His mouth opened in a silent moan as the toy engulfed his wide long shaft and he held it in and closed his eyes. I moved my vibrator lower and eased it into my ass, using my pussy juice for lube. I imagined it was his cock and matched his movements as he fucked his toy. As he pushed in deep, I shoved the vibrator deep into my bowels and back out with him. Over and over he fucked the toy and I played with my erect clit and buried my toy with each one of his thrusts.

He lasted longer this time but still it was relatively quick. He let his cock pop out all the way and without touching it shot a long rope of cum over the toy and onto the desk, followed by three more before he took it in his hand and stroked himself to the end. I was cumming as well and still had the vibe deep in my ass and my hand was a blur on top of my little nub. Cum squirted out of my pussy and drenched my hand and toy as I watched his cock shoot spray after spray of hot sticky cum.

I moaned in my elation, letting my pleasure rush over my stimulated body. Removing the vibe I licked my juices from it and watched him clean up his mess. He turned off his computer and disappeared again. I couldn't take it any longer and vowed to put an end to my frustration and him wasting away. I just needed a plan.

Chapter 2

The next day was Saturday and he didn't work at his job on the weekends. He did something much better for me though, which was work outside in the hot sun on his yard. I watched him all day in my air-conditioned house as he mowed, edged and trimmed up his grass and shrubs around his property. He of course went shirtless and his tan, sweat covered, and muscled body drove me crazy with wanton lust. I just had to have him, touch him everywhere, run my hands over his strong chest and ribbed stomach. I wanted to grab his tight ass and engulf his large cock as far as I could. I daydreamed about doing things to him and what I wanted him to do to me while I watched him work.

He finished his yard work in the early afternoon and I lost sight of him for over an hour. I assumed he showered, ate and was relaxing, maybe watching sports on TV or something and I continued to check each of his windows for a glimpse of him. He finally appeared in his computer room window around 5pm and I knew what he had in mind because he was only wearing a towel around his waste and he had his new toy in his hand.

Shit I couldn't do it! I couldn't just sit there and watch him fuck that toy again and watch his porn. I had to do something. I jumped up and took off all my clothes and searched my drawers for the sexiest lingerie I had and put it on. Then I found a long coat to cover it and checked to see what he was doing one final time. He hadn't removed the towel yet and was just finding something to look at.

So I got up the nerve to leave my house and walk across the street to his front door. I'm sure I looked odd in a coat in the middle of summer but I don't think anyone saw me. I knocked on his door and was worried he wouldn't answer because of what he was doing.

Nothing.... I knocked again harder with a little urgency in my knock and continued knocking until he finally came to the door.

"Mon.... Monique? What's wrong?" he said seeing me on his porch.

He had the towel tight around his waste and his dark hair was still damp from his shower. Fuck he looked incredible and his piercing blue eyes made me hesitate and almost abandon what I was doing.

"Umm...... I can't let you do it anymore, waste yourself like this!" I blurted.

"Huh? What are you talking about....What's with the coat?" he asked.

"I've been watching you! Ever since you broke up with Brook all you do is masturbate to your computer and I can't stand it anymore!" I exclaimed undoing the strap around my waste and pulling my coat open.

"Holy shit.......Monique what are you doing?" he said seeing my sexy negligee under the coat.

"I'm making sure you don't waste yourself anymore, now invite me in and I'll show you what I'm doing," I said forcefully.

He stepped back shocked and I walked into his house, turning around as he closed the door. I dropped my coat on his tile entry way and walked towards him.

"I've watched you everyday, I've seen you stroke that big cock to the porn you like, I've seen you cum and waste your delicious spunk on the desk time and time again. I can't let you do it anymore," I said.

I was right in front of him now, and raised my hands and placed them on his broad chest. He was so taken aback he didn't know what to do or say. My hands caressed his chest and slid down his tight abs to the top of the towel, and back up to his shoulders and neck.

"I'm here to let you use me anyway you want. Cum on me.....Do what you like.......treat me like your sluts you watch on the computer," I said rising up and whispering it into his ear. My nipples brushed his chest and hardened from the touch.

He obviously got the point and realized this was really happening because he suddenly picked me up with little effort. I wrapped my legs around him and with his hands under my butt he carried me to his bedroom.

"You're so out of my league Monique, I never even thought you would give me the time of day," he said laying me down on his bed.

He stepped back and stared at me not believing. I saw the bulge under his towel growing as he looked at me in my lingerie and he couldn't help but smile.

"I mean shit look at you, you're as close to perfect as a woman can get," he said.

"Really? Well good, you won't have any problem using me then," I smiled. "And it looks like you are rising to the occasion already."

I sat on the edge of his bed and motioned him forward with my index finger. He slowly walked towards me until I could touch him. He stood right in front of me and I pulled the towel loose and let it drop to the floor. His beautiful cock was half erect sticking straight out from his body and I instantly grabbed it and lifted it up against his stomach. He let out a long moan as my tongue licked from his balls to his head in a slow soft caress. He grew bigger and harder quickly and as I took him in my mouth he was fully hard and already oozing.

He was exquisite and my mouth was alive with pleasure as I tasted his clean cock and yummy pre-cum. I took as much of him as I could deep into my throat and he placed his hands on my curly hair and moaned. I ran my tongue along the veins covering his cock and sucked his head hard. Then quickly back down my throat I took his cock and let my saliva coat ever inch of him. I reached around his body and grabbed his tight ass and pulled him roughly towards me and further in my mouth. It was just like I imagined, better even and my body was quickly becoming stimulated everywhere.

He kept his balls and manhood well trimmed and he tasted like sweet nectar. I began to get into it and rapidly sucking and playing with anything I could touch. His balls, ass, hot legs and chest. I was all over him with my hands and kept his cock in my mouth while he moaned and babbled he couldn't believe this was happening. I looked up once in a while with his cock hanging out of my mouth to see his expressions and he was obviously enjoying my oral talent. 

I knew I was going to have him cumming any second but I wanted to see what he would do to me so I stopped, took him out of my mouth and said, "I'm all yours," and laid back on his bed.

His cock glistened and throbbed, and the whole thing was shinny and so hard I could tell he was almost to his peak. He looked down at me and smiled. As he approached I scooted back further on the bed and he crawled up beneath me.

"You are so incredible ...... Brook wasn't bad but she's not even close to you. Your face, hair and body are........ Well beyond anything I ever though I'd touch in my life," he said caressing my long bare leg up to my thigh.

He continued up my body and over my flat stomach and let his finger trail right between my round firm breasts. I shivered with pleasure as he paused between them and he continued up my neck to my mouth and lips. I opened my mouth slightly as he traced my lips and back down my neck. I knew he wanted to grab my breasts, he had his eyes right on them, and my nipples pressed against the thin mesh covering them. His hand drifted to my shoulder and slowly removed the skinny strap on the left, then the right. Slowly he rubbed my upper chest just brushing the beginning of my orbs, bringing chills instantly.

Shit he was taking his time, driving me crazy. My blow job had me as stimulated as well as anything and I just wanted him to rip off my outfit and fuck the hell out of me. But he continued to tease or admire maybe. Finally he pulled the mesh off my breasts and instead of touching them he froze and just starred with his mouth open.

"Holy shit they are perfect," he blurted.

I smiled at him and got his attention off of my breasts to my eyes and said, "Well what the hell are you waiting for? Grab them, lick them, fucking do something to them!"

His eyes got big and I think I finally got through to him my intensions of why I was there. Not to quick this guy but hot as hell, and I had a feeling he didn't realize how hot he was. After that, things got interesting and just what I was looking for. My clothing was soon on the floor and he was biting and sucking one nipple while pinching and fondling my other. I could feel his hard cock on my leg, while he feasted on my chest. He was oozing all over my thigh and treating my breasts to quite an oral treat. He obviously was a boob man and I think would have spent hours on mine if I wouldn't have grabbed his head in my hands and moved him lower.

"I think you should put that mouth to use down a little lower sweetheart," I said.

His hands stayed on my breasts, fondling and playing while he slowly licked my body down to my navel and lower over my shaved mound and around my womanhood. Shit he was teasing me again! Licking my inner thigh and the skin around my lips and I thought I might explode when he finally found my clit. He reluctantly let go of my boobs and slowly opened my labia with two fingers. I arched my back anticipating his tongue on my erect clitoris and he timed it perfect making me scream with pleasure as his warm wet tongue teased just the tip and slowly circled it getting harder and deeper around the folds of my small nub.

"Oh yesssssssssss!!!!! Oh shit I'm going to cummmmmmm!!" I screamed. 

I've been dreaming of this for days now and the anticipation had me so stimulated that my orgasm overwhelmed me, catching me off guard, flooding my vagina with such pleasure I almost passed out. He caught on to my ecstasy and drove two fingers deep inside of my quivering pussy and sucked and licked my clitoris hard and fast. My body involuntarily rocked back and forth as I came and came better then I could have ever by myself.

When I gained some control again I screamed, "Fuck me, fuck me with you big fat cock!"

His face looked up at me, covered in my juices, and smiled. He grabbed my legs and bent them over my body and knelt close to me. With one hand he rubbed his cock head up and down my wet lips and then finally pressed down and into my very stimulated and wanting vagina. I screamed as his cock spread me wide and drove deep into my body. It was everything I had imagined and I bit my lip as he bottomed out. He held it in pressing hard and I saw the look of satisfaction on is face with my wet tunnel wrapped around him.

"Now do me like on the internet, give it to me like you want to!" I commanded angrily.

He seemed to need no more coaxing and started pounding away hard at my body, driving his hard cock deep with each animalistic thrust. It was perfect and just what I wanted from him. He kept a constant rhythm hard and fast and I was impressed with his stamina as sweat appeared on his body with his effort. He kept my legs bent over and rammed me deeply and I screamed and urged him on telling him to give me all of him.
