 It is a cool evening as I stare into the water only lit by the moonlight. It is around 9 o'clock and I am not alone, as I stand here on the pier leaning against the wood railing. I stand here with a man that is handsome, intelligent and I want him. He does not know how much I admire him or how much I long for him. The ocean air is comfortable as it gently touches against my skin. The moon glistens off the ocean and dances in our eyes as we make light conversation. I think back to a time when I was young and played hide and seek with the neighborhood boys, wondering if he would be playful with me. Back as teenagers the boys were silly when they found the girls hiding, they were fast, furious and never knew how to take their time. Their hands went everywhere, touching all parts of your body and then shoving their hands down your pants. I smile and think to my myself, neighborhood kids were your first friends that turned into your first experiences, I remember those times well.

I am older now, I have more experience and long for a flirty atmosphere with fantasies to be fullfilled. Fantasies of what it would be like to with this man that I stand next to, to take him in, all of him. I need to find a way to get a message, a hint to him without bruising my ego. I decide to bring up in the conversation the game played as a kid asking him if he liked playing it also. He looks at me with his gorgeous smile and says yes. We both start to laugh as we discuss 7 minutes of heaven. He asks me if I want to play and I say yes I do, but I get to hide first. The heat from between my legs is increasing as I walk away thinking of a place to hide. As I walk down the pier, I head to the secluded park at the end and think about where I will hide and if I should make this easy or tease him with difficulty. As I walk through the park admiring what nature has to offer, I receive an eager text asking if I am ready and I respond "not". I can smell the blossom's fragrance in the air as I walk up to an abandoned building and figure this is the perfect place to hide. I do not want to hide too much because I do want him to find me. I decide to lean up against it's weathered exterior walls and send him a text that says "ready". After waiting just a few minutes I can hear him walking through the park, which brings me back to when I was a girl. I hold in my giggle as he navigates closer to me and smirk thinking that he cannot see me. He walks around the other side of the building and my nipples become hard as my sexual peaks. 

As I patiently wait for him to come closer, enjoying the heat coming from my body, I realize that I cannot hear him and wonder if he changed the game and is now hiding from me. All of a sudden he is standing in front of me, staring at me and taking me with his eyes. He moves in closer, inhaling the fragrance in the air, planning to kiss me, slowly and passionately as this is our first kiss. As he gets closer, he places his hands on my hips, we part our lips, and we begin with a slow kiss. I begin to fall deeper because he taste so good as we roll our tongues in our hot mouths. My mind wonders to how other parts of him will taste and anticipate when I will find out. Our hands slowly discover each others bodies as I start with his chest, feeling every part of his physic, which is toned and well taken care of. His upper muscles and his soft touch tell me that he is talented, strong and knows how to please a woman. He caresses my neck and runs his hands through my hair as he kisses me deeper. My body wants to wrap itself around him and take him now. 

We continue to explore each others bodies and forget that it is a public place. I know that the first thing I want to do is pleasure him, to place his cock in my mouth, to feel him and what he has to offer. Without realizing it, in the heat of the moment, I was holding him in my hand, feeling his heat and excitement. He is not without, it is the perfect size for my pleasure. I begin to image the head entering my mouth through my soft lips and stroking his shaft, while listening to him moan. The pleasures I want to give and the moment I don't want to end, are both intriguing and exciting. He slowly begins to undo the buttons of my sundress and caresses my breasts, toying with the nipples. As he does this, I begin to gasp wanting him to take them in his mouth and enjoy them. I have lost all senses, lost in the moment of pleasure that I find myself paralyzed as I peak again. He whispers in the air how much he wants me, as I ache from the height of this adventure and the sound of his sultry voice. I blurt out that he needs to fuck me now and with my dress fully open he lifts me up and I wrap my legs around him. Leaning my back against the wall, he grabs his cock and enters me slowly, increasing my want for him. 

This man is strong, so powerful and quite large. I have always dreamed of having this kind of sex, to be pleasured with such force and strength. As he continues to pump me from underneath, I gasp for air and stare into his eyes. The moonlight in the air displays his features, the outline of his jaw, his soft and luscious lips and the concentration in his eyes. My body moves to his, as we pond our bodies together, as if we are a well oiled machine. We are like the pistons of an engine, going up and down in rhythm, making sounds of humming and purring, as we take this smooth ride together. Just as I was revving up, he stops and looks in my eyes, plants another kiss on my lips and slowly puts me down on the ground. I begin to touch him, caressing his cheek with my hand, admiring his eyes and start my way down south. He does not stop me as I begin to lower my body to the ground. 

Using my fingers, I place him in my hand and begin to stroke. As my hands go the full length of his manhood, I take extra care with my fingers to please the tip of his cock. I love the shape of a man's cock, the tip is always the most sensitive and the shaft shows the lines of his life. A man should never be ashamed of his manhood, regardless of the shape or size, it is a part of them and they should be proud. Proud that they have a muscle that has no brain, yet is so powerful, strong and could rule the world with its talent. I place him in my mouth, rolling my tongue around the tip, and begin my routine of pleasure. He is attentive as he looks down, so concentrated, so handsome. He motions me to stop, stretches his hand out to me and helps me get up. He has not cum yet and I wonder what he has in store for me. 

He guides me to stand, facing the wall and gently places my hands so that I can bend over. He lifts my open dress to my waist and begins to caress the outline of my ass. The touch of his gentle hands on my skin is exhilarating. The cool air against my body causes me to have goosebumps as my body feels a flash of hotness rising to my outer skin. He continues to admire my shape in this position and does something no man has ever done before. He starts to lightly spank and bite me. What a feeling, my heat turns up quickly in this moment as his fingers delicately touch my heat. He changes the course, places his fingers in me and places his mouth on my clit. As he sucks on me, he penetrates me as I beg for more. I am not one for having a man put his mouth on my womanhood, but I think I can make an exception for him. As his tongue licks the length of my walls and he sucks the most sensitive spot, I begin my wet journey down a road of no return. As he continues my body begins to shutter and shake, and he enjoys the flavor of my juices. 

When he is done satisfying me, he strokes himself as I recover. Once he is hard again, he enters me from behind. Although this man has been gentle all along, he is not this time. He slams me hard, with each pound he pounds even harder. He wants every inch of him in me, reaching some magical spot that only he knows the way to. I take him in, all of him, enjoying this fuck and the feeling of him inside me ripping my insides to shreds, at least that is what it feels like and I love it. When he is done and ready to explode, he pulls out and allows me to finish the act and clean him up. Once we are done and have recovered. We fix our clothes and hair and begin the walk back to where it all began.