 Kelli Stewart finished pouring the milk over her cereal and carried it to the coffee table in 
the living room of her sister Laurie's apartment. Laurie had left the evening before to fly 
to England with her roommate Francine. They wouldn't be back until after new years, so 
they'd asked Kelli to stay at the apartment for them and keep the plants watered. Neither 
one of them really gave a shit if their plants died or not, but they knew Kelli would 
welcome the opportunity to be out of the house from her parents. 

Kelli sat cross-legged on the floor at the coffee table and slowly spooned cereal into her mouth as she used the remote to scan channels on the TV. She was about halfway finished with the bowl of Bran Flakes and still channel surfing when the doorbell rang. She'd slept in the nude the night before and had not bothered putting anything on when she got up to have her breakfast. She quickly snatched the first item of clothing she could find, which happened to be one of Francine's T-shirts, and pulled it over her head. 

Upon looking through the door's peephole, she saw a slim, blond boy, with freckles on his nose and cheeks, standing at the entrance holding a racket with a can of balls and wearing a white pullover shirt with black tennis shorts. He looked maybe a year or so older than her, but he might have been as much as twenty. She wasn't sure from just 
peaking through the hole, but he looked harmless enough. She cracked open the door and said, "Can I help you?"

He smiled and Kelli almost melted. She barely registered his words as he asked, "Is Frankie home?"

Kelli went ahead and opened the door the rest of the way and said, "No. She flew back home to England for the holidays."

Trying to hide his disappointment, he said, "How about Laurie?"

Kelli shook her head and said, "Nope. She flew to England with Frankie."

"Oh," the boy said, no longer even trying to hide his disappointment. "I was hoping for a game of tennis. Frankie always lets me hit with her, and Laurie plays a good game too."

Kelli tilted her head and let her shoulder length brown hair fall to the side and said, "I'm 
sorry. Laurie almost didn't go, but she decided at the last minute she wanted to get together with some other friends she has over there."

"Fuck," the boy muttered. Then he turned red and said, "I'm sorry."

Kelli giggled and said, "I'm Laurie's sister, Kelli, so I've heard the word fuck a few 
times."

The boy grinned and said, "Okay. I suppose you probably have. I'm Doug."

Kelli held out her hand and said, "Nice to meet you, Doug."

Doug accepted the offered hand and as he shook it lightly said, "Nice to meet you too, Kelli. I don't suppose you play tennis?"

Kelli shook her head from side to side and said, "Nope. Laurie and my oldest sister, 
Michelle, were the jocks of the family. I'd trip over my own two feet if I tried to run around on a tennis court."

Doug shrugged and said, "Okay. I guess I'll go back home and have some breakfast."

Kelli surprised herself by saying; "You can come in and have a bowl of cereal with me if you want."

"You sure," Doug said. "I don't want to impose."

"Naa. Come on and keep me company."

As soon as he had stepped into the apartment and closed the door behind him, Kelli carried her half eaten bowl of cereal to the dining room table and set it there before pouring what was left of the box of Bran Flakes into another bowl for Doug. As she retrieved the jug of milk from the refrigerator, she found Doug's eyes on her, and she glanced down to see the nipples of her free swinging breasts poking out and trying to 
push through Frankie's t-shirt. Shit, she thought. I'm almost naked with a strange boy in 
my sister's apartment. God, he's a cute one though. With a little luck, maybe I'll be 
completely naked with him before he leaves.

Despite her lustful thoughts, Kelli excused herself after she poured milk over Doug's 
cereal; and when she returned, she was wearing a pair of faded blue cut-offs and a yellow tank top. She was still bare foot and the shorts did a good job of still revealing her long tan legs. She knew she should have put more clothes on, but he really was cute. And, he couldn't be more than an inch taller than her five-six and probably didn't weigh more than ten pounds over her 124. Still, her mom would freak if she knew she was doing this. Especially, if she knew the thoughts that were going through Kelli's mind.

Kelli sat in the chair around the corner next to Doug and watched him timidly spoon his cereal into his mouth. Up close, he had even more freckles than he had appeared to have when she first saw him. Between bites, she said, "Do you go to Dallas Community College too?"

He shook his head and said, "No. I'm a senior at Webster High School. What about you?"

Kelli aped his headshake and grinned from ear to ear. "You thought I was in college? I've still got a year left at St. Joseph's Academy after this."

"Wow," Doug said. "I figured you were older than Laurie is."

"That's because you never saw past my tits to look at how young my face is."

Doug blushed. Surprised at her own forwardness, Kelli blushed as well. 

"Okay," Doug said. "I guess I'm guilty there."

Kelli giggled and with even more brashly said, "Laurie hates that I have tits and she 
doesn't. I fully expect her to come back from England with a new set that her boyfriend is 
going to buy for her."

"I didn't even know Laurie had a boyfriend."

"Well," Kelli said. "He's a lot older than her and he's married. Plus, he lives in England 
and only gets over here four or five times a year."

"Really," Doug said. "I had no clue."

"She still dates, but she'd drop other guys in a second if he just told her to."

Doug took a second to get a better look at her face. Now that he did, he realized that she 
couldn't be more than seventeen. Maybe eighteen. Suddenly, now that he knew she was his age, he felt less intimidated and asked, "How come I've never seen you over here before?"

She shrugged and said, "I come visit when I get the chance, but my mom isn't crazy about me spending a lot of time with Laurie."

Doug placed down his spoon and said, "Why is that?"

Kelli giggled and said, "She doesn't want me to end up with any of Laurie's habits."

He smiled. "Laurie's habits?"

She giggled some more. "Smoking, drinking, sleeping around with guys she barely knows. Those kind of things."

"Ahhhhhh," Doug said, pretending as if he was now all knowing. Then he leaned closer and whispered playfully, "Has it worked?"

Kelli laughed outright and said, "Partly."

He leaned a little closer and said, "What do you mean by partly?"

She grinned slyly and said, "I smoke, and I have a drink every now and then."

She paused and looked around as if there might be someone to overhear them and lowered her voice before saying, "But, I've yet to sleep with a guy that I barely know."

"I see. But, have you slept with any guys that you know well?"

Kelli batted her eyes and said, "If I tell you that, then I'll no longer barely know you."

It took a moment for the meaning of that statement to register in Doug's brain, but when 
it did his grin broadened from ear to ear. Then he leaned more forward as she leaned to meet him and their lips touched. Lightly at first. Then they parted and the tips of their tongues touched just as lightly as their lips had. Then she was roughly sucking his top lip. Then she switched to sucking his bottom one as he was pulling her tank top out of her shorts and lifting it over her head. As he tossed it aside, she stood up and let him look at her bare breasts. As he reached to touch them, she took him by the hand and led him back to her sister's bedroom, giggling as he shed clothes along the way. 

As soon as they were at the bed, he pushed her onto it and roughly pulled apart her shorts, 
breaking the snap. When they were halfway down her thighs, she helped him push them the rest of the way off and kicked them to the floor so that they were both naked on Laurie's bed. Then her hand found it's way to his cock and she felt the firmness of it as she gave it a gentle squeeze and a firm stroke. 

She moaned and he took one of her nipples in his mouth and softly sucked it even longer than it already was. Then he switched and did the same to the other nipple. Not believing his luck, he kissed his way up to her neck and softly sucked her a hickey. Marking her so that others would be able to see, at least partly, the way she'd been used on this Christmas Eve morning. Then, to his horror, he was overwhelmed by the urge to cum and 
her hand was making him shoot loads of warm semen all over his and her stomach. 

He groaned and could not believe how abruptly his luck had changed. Then she laughed, and her laughter only served to making his spent cock wilt in her soft hand. He groaned again, but she put a reassuring finger to his lips and said, "Shhh."

Then she slowly kissed her way down his torso, past his tight pecs, down his rigid abs, and onto his appearingly dead prick. Undeterred, she slowly kissed the tip and took the head into her mouth. After a few seconds of softly sucking the head, she slowly took about half his cock into her mouth and just as softly cupped his balls in her hand. As if by magic, his cock began to grow again and was in no more than a minute just as hard as it had been while she was giving him the mess making hand job.

As soon as it met her satisfaction, she positioned herself over it and rubbed the tip of it along the lips of her moist pussy. Not wanting to let her have control, he gripped her by each arm and rolled her onto her back. She opened her legs for him and let him fall into place between them. Then she reached down and gripped his cock and guided it to her pussy opening. Once she had it properly placed, she laid back and let him push it inside. Then it was her turn to gasp as he buried it into her. She sighed and smiled as she passively lay back and let him do the work. 

Moments later, she was moaning with orgasm and happy to have picked up another one of her sister's habits.