 My girlfriend always knew I thought her 18 year old neighbor was a sexy little tease, always walking around in the skimpiest of outfits. She knew she had a sexy little body, but I pegged her as nothing more than a cock-tease.

I was on my way over when Debbie called and told me to park around the corner and sneak in the side door. 

She told me to go in her room and hide in the closet, and that I wouldn't regret it.

I did as she requested and snuck into her bedroom closet, she has louvered doors so I could see thru and hear. She had some boxes in there that I could sit on, I just sat and waited. I didn't know what I was about to experience, but I know Debbie, she must have something unbelievable for me to see. 

After about ten minutes I heard voices and footsteps, my girlfriend and then I heard her say "follow me Donna".

I heard her say "it's going to be alright, now tell me again what happened."

Donna started talking, and crying, her boyfriend had cheated on her, she had caught him in his car, sucking on another girls tits.

I said to myself, this girl probably never let him suck her tits, like I thought, a cock-teaser.

My girlfriend rubbed her back and told her to just relax, everything would be fine.

She asked Donna if she had been having sex with Billy?

Donna told her that she was still a virgin and was scared, she didn't know what to do.

Debbie, told her it was alright, she said she would help her.

How, Donna asked? 

Well, I can teach you a few things that you can try, if you want to, do you trust me?

Yes, of course, but how, don't we need a guy.

That comes later, first we have to get you comfortable with your own body.

Now don't be shy, let me ask you, do you ever masturbate?

Donna blushed, she didn't know what to say. 

It's alright, Debbie told her, I'm not going to talk to your parents or anyone. It's a perfectly natual thing to do.

Donna than asked if Debbie masturbated?

Debbie said of course I do.

Donna said, but you have a boyfriend, doesn't he, and she let her words trail off. 

Yes, Steve is great in bed, but sometimes I just get horny and need a little relief. Steve's not always around, so I just either finger myself or use one of my toys.

You have toys, Donna asked, can I see them? 

Debbie told her that would be later, first things first. Now,you still haven't answered my question, have you ever masturbated?

Well sort of, I was in the shower one time and was washing and my fingers touched my pussy and it felt really good, I touched it some more and almost fell to the floor of the shower, I felt like I might pass out. I used the shower-head on the pulse setting and oh god what a feeling.

O.K., I think it's time you show me, take off your clothes.

Donna couldn't believe what she had just heard. 

Don't worry, I won't bite, tell you what, I'll get naked too, so you won't feel awkward, and with that Debbie pulled off her top, and unhooked her bra.

Donna just stared at Debbie, she has really nice boobs, 34c, nice and firm. 

O.K., your turn, Donna reached for her shirt and pulled it up over her head, she unhooked the bra in front and her perky little tits came into view. 

Now Debbie stood up and pulled down her shorts and thong together, her neatly trimmed bush, and round buttchecks came into view.

Donna followed, she was very nervous, but she did as Debbie did.

Donna had very little fuzz, between her legs, and that incredible ass was now exposed to me hungry eyes.

I just wanted to ram my hard cock up her ass, but had to stay quiet. It wasn't easy, my cock was hard and I couldn't touch it, I didn't want Donna to find me hiding, I knew in the long run my girlfriend would involve me in the fun.

Debbie had Donna get on the bed, legs spread wide facing her in the same position.

Alright, take your finger and suck on it like this, she slid her finger between her lips and sucked like it was a small cock.

Once it was wet she reached down and stroked her finger between her pussy lips. Donna watched her every move and followed her instructions. I knew Debbie had to be thinking about me as she slid her fingers inside her wet cunt.

From my vantage point I couldn't see much, but I could hear everything, and I could hear little moans coming from both girls.

Donna, take your other hand and spread your pussy lips apart and slide your wet finger inside your pussy like this.

Donna did as told and more moans followed.

"Oh god that feels good", Donna said.

It gets better Donna, trust me, Debbie told her.

Now right here, this is your clit, it's very sensitive, touch yourself there.

Donna moaned, ohhhhh, fuck, that feels sooo good.

I just sat and listened to both girls moaning, I could here the sounds of their wet cunts as they continued to masturbate. I just wished I had a better view, I knew that I would get my chance.

Debbie had stopped fingering herself, she wanted instead to watch her cute little next door neighbor have her first real orgasm.

Donna was moaning really load now, you could hear how wet she was, and then it happened, she squirted.

Debbie was surprised at what she was watching, Donna was shaking, and gushing cunt juices, she fell back on the bed, oh god, that was incredible.

Debbie leaned over and caressed Donna's hair, you did it, your first orgasm, and not only that, but you can squirt, not all girls can.

Donna felt proud of herself.

Debbie still had yet to bring herself to orgasm.

Debbie told Donna to open the box next to the bed. When Donna lifted the lid she was shocked at what she saw. The box was filled with vibrators and dildos of every shape and size.

Debbie asked Donna to pick one out for her.

Donna looked over the selection, she spotted a purple one, her favorite color.

Donna handed the vibrator to Debbie, she watched closely as Debbie guided the fake cock to her wet pussy. Debbie turned the end and Donna could hear the sound of the buzzing cock. Debbie pushed it inside and started moving it in and out.

Debbie looked over at Donna, her eyes were as wide as could be.

Debbie then asked Donna to place her hand on the vibrator, I want you to fuck me with it. 

Donna's hand shook slightly as she grabbed the purple cock. Donna started moving the cock in long and deep, Debbie was getting close.

Debbie told Donna to turn the end to the highest setting.

As soon as she did, Debbie came, her juices were flowing from het cunt, and were running down her thighs.

Thank You, Donna, that was great, it's getting late, you should be getting home.

Debbie brought her into the bathroom and helped her clean up, I heard some more giggling, and knew my girlfriend must be having a little more fun, but soon enough they came out and walked out of the room.

After she left I came out and Debbie grabbed my hard cock and turned over to doggie style, her favorite position. 

Steve, fuck me, fuck me hard now, I need your cock so bad.

It was quick, I had been holding off cumming for a long time. I started ramming my cock in and out in long deep thrust, and shot off like never before.

Debbie came right away as well. I've never seen her so turned on, we fucked again as soon as my cock was hard. I can't wait for the next lesson.

Debbie told me that she told Donna that she should come back Saturday night for her next lesson.

I asked her what about me, I can't hind in your closet again, my cock almost burst, plus I don't want to get caught.

She told me she had thought about that and said we should set up a camera, I could hind in another part of the house safely and comfortably watching. I can't wait for Saturday night to get here.