 The work day seemed to drag on forever. It had been two weeks since I had moved into my first apartment. And while I had fun playing solo at home, I was starting to need more. As my shift came to an end, I noticed a man who seemed to be watching me. When my eyes met his, he smiled and blushed. At first I ignored it. My manager had seen him and asked me if he was making me uncomfortable. I told her no and that I actually liked that someone was interested in me especially in the frumpy uniform. She smiled and said okay before walking off.

I clocked out and was wondering if he was still wondering around the store. I ducked into the restroom and fixed up my makeup and tried to fix my hair too. I stepped out and made my way towards the store exit checking the isles for the man who had been watching me earlier. I saw him leave with a bag of stuff before I could get to the door. He walked to his car and put the bag in the trunk. As he closed the trunk he looked up to see me watching him. Again he smiled and started to walk towards a fast food restaurant in the shopping center. I waited a few minutes and followed him.

By this point my head was spinning. I couldn't believe I was following a stranger to a restaurant. Was there something wrong with me? It was crazy but I felt compelled to follow. When I entered he had already ordered and was sitting down at a booth near the back. I walked up to the counter and placed my order. It seemed like it took forever before I got my food. I grabbed my tray and walked towards where he was sitting. I stopped at a booth just in front of his. That was when he spoke.

"A pretty woman should not eat alone. Would you like to join me?"

I joined him at the booth. He introduced himself. "My name is Eric. It is nice to meet you."

I squeakily replied. "Robin."

"That is a beautiful name." he responded. I blushed like a school girl. We sat and talked as we ate getting to know each other. After almost an hour, we finished our meals and Eric started to leave. I asked him if he would like to come over to my place. No sooner did I speak those words, I felt shocked that I had put out the invite.

Eric smiled and thanked me for the invite. He told me he needed to head home and get ready but would love to come by a little later. I nodded and gave him my number and told him to call me when he was ready. He agreed and left for home.

When I got home, I was still in shock. I could not believe I invited someone I barely knew to my apartment. I started to calm down and think he wasn't going to actually take the invite. That was until he actually called! Nervously I answered the phone. He asked if the invite was still open. I told him yes. He said he would head over around seven. I told him that worked out great and gave him the address.

When he hung up I quickly got changed and showered. I decided to put on some sexy underwear and my tight red dress. I did my makeup and put my hair in to a perky ponytail. I looked in the mirror and was stunned. I was attracted to me! I am not sure what drove me to all of this but, there was no turning back.

Eric knocked on the door. I jumped and walked to it to let him in. I opened the door to see him standing there with a single rose in his hands. This sweet gesture made my heart melt. I invited him in as he handed me the rose. I smelt it and commented on how wonderful it was.

"You look beautiful, Robin." Eric remarked. Almost like a reflex, I spun around in my dress. He smiled and took my hand. He asked me if I would like to go out to a movie or something. I agreed and off we went. The date went just like something out of a storybook. We enjoyed a movie before having dinner. After dinner, he asked me if I wanted to go dancing. I told him that even though I loved to go dancing, I would rather go back to my place.

He smiled and took me back to my apartment. Once we reached the door of my apartment, Eric asked if he could see me again. I smiled and heard my own voice say "Sure but, we are not done with this date yet."

Eric's eyes widened. I took his hand and led him into my apartment. I am not sure what came over me but no sooner was the door closed, I pounced on him like a horny wild cat. We started kissing and took him to the bedroom. We continued to kiss as we got undressed. Eric asked me if I was sure about this.

My response was simple. I unfastened his pants and pulled them down. His cock sprang free and was already erect. I put my hands on it as I kissed him. He removed my dress straps causing the whole dress to fall to the floor. There I stood in my red satin panties and bra with his hard cock in my hand.

Eric reached out and planted his lips on my neck as his hands went to work on my bra. I gasped in pleasure. He soon had my bra unfastened and falling to the floor. Now, topless I stood before him. He caressed my back and shoulders as he continued to kiss my neck. It was bliss.

I lowered myself to my knees right in front of him, his cock staring me in the face. I kissed the head of his cock before extending my tongue and licking his shaft up and down. He ran his hands through my hair as I opened my mouth and began to take him in. He moaned as I slowly slid down his cock. I took as much of him as I could before looking up at his face. His expression was one of pure bliss. I started to move my head up and down. Eric continued to play with my hair as I sucked him.

I continued to bob up and down until he asked me to stop. He pulled me back to my feet as his cock left my mouth. Eric then put me on the bed and laid me on my back. He grinned as he spread my legs and said "Now it's your turn good girl." He started kissing my neck and moving his head down. He hovered over my breasts lightly kissing and caressing them before taking my nipples into his mouth and sucking on them. He alternated between both breasts before moving down further kissing my belly. He stopped just above my pussy and quickly removed my panties. The feel of his breath on me intensified my lust and excitement. He extended his tongue and lapped at my clit. I gasped and grabbed Eric's head with one hand and the sheets with the other.

He lowered his mouth and began to flick his tongue inside me. Shocks of pleasure filled my body. Uncontrollably I moaned and sighed. I squirmed as I felt his tongue deep inside me, exploring every corner. My hips bucked every time he lightly brushed my g-spot. My hand ran wildly through his hair. His tongue darted in and out alternating from deep, swirling motions inside me to quick, wild flicks on my clit. My moans turned to screams as my body tensed and my first orgasm swept over me.

"Fuck!" I cried out. I screamed obscenities as I came until Eric finally released me. He crawled between my legs stopping to once again give my breasts attention. I felt his hard cock pressing against me as if begging to enter. Slowly he pushed and parted my lips. I felt his penis entering me inch by inch. Eric took his time letting me get use to him being inside me. He paused for a moment as he fully inserted his manhood into me.

He kissed me passionately as he slowly began to thrust in and out of me. I felt his cock gently move almost to the point of exiting before slowly being pushed back in as deep as it could go. Bit by bit he built up a steady pace. I wrapped my legs around his waist as he kissed my neck. I ran my hands up and down his back as he slowly became more and more forceful.

The sounds of our bodies slamming together and my moans filled the room. I was in heaven. Faster and faster he thrusted in and out of me. I could feel an orgasm begin to build with in me. My body bounced back and forth from his thrusts. I looked down to see my breast swaying back and forth.

"Oh, Eric!" I cried out. This caused him to move with more ferocity. The sounds became more frantic as he quickened. My orgasm hit with a massive force. I screamed out in joy as my back arched. My body thrashed on the bed as I came. Eric scooped me into his arms to hold me close.

My arms locked around his neck. With a super human strength, he pulled me and himself up to his feet. His cock was still buried inside me. He placed his hands on my hips. We kissed with a passion that was different than before. As I broke the kiss I looked into his eyes. The tender look that was there when we started had given way to a more lustful need. I knew I was about to really get it and was going to love it!

Rapidly he began to bounce me up and down on his cock. My previous orgasm had just started to subside. I was super sensitive and each motion sent shockwaves through me. I squirmed in his arms as he tried to bounce me faster and faster. My moans and cries fueled his lust. Despite his best efforts, though, I knew he was losing his strength.

There was a desperation in his eyes. As if he wanted to ravage me and couldn't do it in the position we were in. I knew just how he could give me the deep, savage pounding we both wanted. I let my grip around him go and my feet touched the floor. I kissed him as he pulled his hard shaft from me. The emptiness bothered me for a moment but, I realized it was only temporary.

I walked over to the bed and crawled up on my hands and knees. My bed was the perfect height for me to be in this position and for Eric to stand behind me. I arched my back like an animal signaling its readiness to mate. He understood the silent invitation and stood right behind me. I felt his cock once again at my entrance. I was soaked between my legs. He pushed himself into me with very little resistance. He felt bigger than he had before. I could also feel him much deeper inside me. I almost came as he buried his cock in me.

His hands grabbed my hips firmly. I prepared myself for the savage fucking that was about to take place. Then, he began to move. He quickly built into a fast and hard rhythm. I was once again crying out. I begged him over and over to go faster and harder. He joyfully obliged. The room once again filled with noise. The sounds of my cries mixes with frantic sounds of our bodies crashing into each other and the sound of my wetness filled any voids the other sounds left.

My mind was a wash of lust. Eric was truly giving me what I needed. He slammed his cock into me over and over with wild abandon. My moans and cries became louder and louder. I looked down to see my boobs swinging back and forth from the force he was driving himself into me. Wave after wave of pleasure took me. I felt yet another orgasm building. The previous had been intense but I could tell this one was going to be so much bigger and stronger. Eternity seemed to pass as we fucked like a pair of wild animals. I constantly cried out from the joy I was getting. My body shook from the shockwaves of pleasure yet, the massive climax seemed just out of reach as if waiting for something.

I was on the edge of the biggest orgasm I could remember. I begged Eric for more but, he was giving me all he had. His breathing suddenly became very shallow and he started to moan. His thrusts became faster and stronger but shorter. He was about to cum. With one last thrust, he pushed his penis as far into me as it would go. I felt him erupt inside me. This was what my climax waited for.

As I peaked, I pushed against him thrashing as he filled my insides with his seed. It seemed like he had put gallons into me. If not for the pill, I thought, I would be pregnant for sure! A few moments later he pulled his not softening organ from me. A combination of our fluids dribbled out of me.

Exhausted, I collapsed on the bed. Eric slid up beside me and snugged with me. Holding me in his arms, we fell asleep. As the sun rose, we said our goodbyes. He kissed me softly on my cheek and walked out the door. I leaned against the door after closing it. It had been a wonderful night and I hoped I was going to see my new friend again soon.