 "Kay, I'll come by Monday evening to set the camera up again and show you how to connect it to my phone," I said. 

"I hope it's not too complicated," Kay remarked. 

"It's rather simple," I replied reassuring her. 

"What are you two planning?" Stephanie asked. 

Without thinking Kay began explaining, "I've called the contractor who's handling the remodeling job at my shop and he is going to stop by Tuesday night and review his plans." 

Stephanie grinned and said, "That doesn't sound like much of a show." 

"I'm going to try and seduce him and broadcast the two of us having sex." Kay continued. 

Stephanie turned toward me and said excitedly, "I wanna watch too." 

"I'm sorry, I've already made plans for Tuesday night," I answered. 

She seemed somewhat disappointed that I hadn't included her to watch Kay seduce Mike Greth and replied, "Perhaps another time." 

Kay smiled and tried to make it better by saying, "Yes, another time, maybe Allen can broadcast a show to you and me." 

"That'd be nice," Stephanie answered, her tone of voice seemed a little put off that she wasn't being included in our plans for the immediate future, but to be totally honest I've felt like she was a little over the top with getting together ever since Kay trained her to deep throat. 

Her disappointment about not being included in my plans for Tuesday night were confirmed when Stephanie said, "I've taken enough of your time already, I really should get going." 

Kay sensed the conflict in her voice and offered, "Stephanie, there's no need for you to run off, perhaps we can talk about what kind of scenarios you and I might enjoy having Allen film us together." 

I chimed in, "I'd love to film a reenactment of your deep throat training, Stephanie." 

Stephanie just smiled. 

"I think it would be really hot for Stephanie and me to do a scene with her as my dominatrix, I'm looking forward to having her fuck my tight asshole with a strap-on," Kay suggested. 

Her smile widened as she spoke, "I'd like that Kay, and maybe all three of us could get together later in the week to watch a re-run of you seducing this contractor." 

"We could do that," I remarked. 

"What about you Stephanie; is there a secret fantasy you'd like to play out on film?" Kay asked. 

She smiled and replied, "Bukkake, ever since Teddy and I joined the swingers club I've fantasized about being fucked again by five or more men and having each one paint my face with their cum." 

Kay leaned toward Stephanie, placed one hand on her thigh, and said, "With your new-found oral talent that video is sure to a very hot one." 

"You should talk to those two guys you see together to find out if they'd be okay with being filmed. I could be the third so we'd only need to get two other men," I suggested. 

Stephanie giggled and said, "I did say five or more, Allen." 

"Oh yes, the more the merrier," Kay remarked. 

"Kay, you could shoot the whole thing with the GoPro since it sounds like I'll be busy," I suggested. 

Stephanie was all smiles knowing that one of her long-time fantasies might be fulfilled again sometime soon. "Let's make this happen, but I really should get going I have to host an open house tomorrow afternoon and I haven't prepared anything yet," she said. 

I knew that Stephanie was using the ruse of an open-house tomorrow as an excuse to leave, assuming she was feeling left out of Kay and my plans for Tuesday evening. As Stephanie stood up Kay glanced at me and kind of rolled her eyes. 

She dressed rather quickly as Kay and I sat on the couch watching and after slipping her sweater over her head Stephanie turned to us both and said, "I apologize if I've overstayed my welcome." 

Kay instantly got up and as she walked toward Stephanie said, "Please don't apologize, both Allen and I absolutely love being with you. It's that right Allen?" 

"Yes, you're a very sexy, passionate woman and I for one look forward to being with you as often as possible," I remarked. 

Her vain attempt at a smile didn't lead me to think she believed either of us but she replied, "I hope that's true since we met Allen, I've been more than a little enamored with you and I believe Kay and I have begun to develop a meaningful friendship." 

Kay was standing directly in front of her as she spoke and instantly wrapped her arms around Stephanie, gave her a rather passionate kiss on the mouth, then whispered something in her ear. Whatever she said brought a wide smile to Stephanie's lips. 

Together they walked toward the door and I got up to join them. Stephanie hugged me tightly and let one hand slip down to my limp cock giving it a gentle squeeze she said, "I'm counting the days until I can feel this big, beautiful, hard cock deep inside me Allen." 

I kissed her passionately and pulled her succulent body tight against mine wanting to let her know that I too was looking forward to enjoying her company. 

She turned to Kay and said, "Call me Wednesday." 

Kay smiled and replied, "I will, you can count on it."

"Thanks for today," Stephanie said as Kay pulled the door open and she stepped out into the hall leaving Kay and me alone. 

I stood and watched Kay as she walked back toward the couch after closing and locking the door. She still wore the diaphanous black robe and her stilettoes, the sexy sway of her hips and the way the robe fluttered as she walked led me to think my late afternoon and evening could turn out to be very enjoyable. Kay knew that I was watching, it's in my blood to watch her sensual body as she moves, and when she reached the couch she paused for a moment before pirouetting on the soles of her heels to face me. Her brilliant white smile and flowing red locks further enticed me. She pulled her robe closed in front and sat down crossing her legs sexily letting one stiletto dangle off her foot. "What was that all about?" she asked. 

I sat down beside her and explained, "Ever since Stephanie called me last night, then showed up at my apartment, I've had the feeling that she wants to be a lot more involved with us. Don't get me wrong, I love her passion and the way she goes above and beyond when we're having sex, but I need to take a step back before she gets used to just showing up whenever she pleases." 

"Earlier today when she and I were in the kitchen she told me that if she could she would love to fuck you regularly," Kay remarked. 

"That doesn't surprise me," I answered. 

Kay smiled at me and said, "I told her I'd love to have sex with you every day too, but I respect your wishes to enjoy a variety of other women." 

I reached out and placed my hand on her knee and replied, "Thank you, Kay, while I was married, I often fantasized about having multiple sex partners and when my divorce was final, I began living out that fantasy. 

She placed her delicate hand on top of mine and said, "I hope I'm still at the top of your list of women you love fucking." 

"You are and will remain there as long as you continue to be as passionate and sexy as you've been since the first time, we made love," I replied. 

Kay removed her hand leaned forward and picked up the GoPro from the coffee table. As she handed the tiny camera to me, she said, "I'd like to give you something that'll be for our eyes-only Allen." 

"Oh boy, I'm certain I'm going to enjoy this," I said. 

She stood up, her diaphanous black robe covering her sexy ass shapely legs and her long red hair cascading down over the neckline. I watched intently as she moved around the coffee table, pushing it off to one side of the couch, then retrieved a straight back chair from the dining room carrying it back and placing it in the middle of the living room with the seat toward me. "I want you to film me, capture every sexy image from now on," Kay suggested. 

I pressed the power button on the GoPro as Kay turned and sat down with her back toward me. Her long, see-through black robe still covering her sexy ass reached the floor behind her. I began filming what I knew was going to be one very sexy show. 

Her ass rested on the very edge of the seat with the lower portion of her long, sleek legs pointing towards me, the tips of her stilettoes on the floor with the heels raised. She twisted at the waist turning toward me and flipped her robe around to show off her naked ass and one sexy tit, sliding her hand up to cup its lovely fullness. 

"Am I sexy?" Kay asked. 

I instantly replied, "More than ever." 

Her smile confirmed what she already knew and as she slid her hand up over that big, soft tit she said, "Do you like looking at my big tits and sexy round ass?" 

"Every chance I get," I answered. 

As she continued slowly caressing her tit Kay asked, "Do I make you horny?" 

"Absolutely," I said. 

She slid her hand down and spread her delicate fingers wide on one ass cheek and asked, "Does my sexy body make you hard?" 

I moved the camera down to show my growing erection and said, "See for yourself." 

Kay removed her hand from that sexy ass cheek allowing the diaphanous black robe to again flutter down over her sensuous form and turned away from me. As I watched the images being captured, she moved both hands to her waist and slowly gathered the flimsy garment lifting it until her entire ass was completely exposed. She looked so fucking sexy seated there before me, her creamy white ass cheeks pressed against the seat and her sleek legs bent back toward me. My cock continued to harden as she slowly rose from the seat finally standing with her legs spread over the chair.

"God damn," I said as she again released the robe, allowing the see-through material to partially obscure my view of her sexy body once again. She stood there for a moment allowing me to capture the image from behind of her shapely legs, sexy round ass, and curvy waist along with her flowing red hair which cascaded just below her shoulders. As she pirouetted on the soles of her stilettos her hands closed the robe over her body and the smile on her lips when she saw my fully erect cock standing straight up from my groin confirmed that her sexy exhibitionist show had the desired effect. I continued filming as she slowly bent at the knees until she could drop to all fours on the carpet before me. Her sexy robe again fell open allowing me to see her lovely soft tits dangling down toward the floor as she began a seductive crawl toward me. 

"That's so fuckin' sexy," I remarked causing Kay to smile widely at me. 

Her hands and knees moved in unison reminding me of how a runway model strolls placing one foot directly in front of the other, but unlike a fashion model, I knew that when Kay reached the end of her sensuous crawl, she'd rise up to pleasure my rock-hard cock. 

"Do you know what I want?" Kay asked as she continued her slow, meticulous approach. 

I knew what she wanted but instead of answering her question said, "Tell me what you want, sexy." 

Her sensual crawl was nearly complete and as she rose up to kneel before I said, "I want to suck your big, beautiful rock-hard cock, Allen." 

I didn't reply. 

"I want you to film every moment of a slow, lustful blowjob from the first time I touch it until you reward me with a thick, creamy facial cum shot," Kay explained. 

I smiled at her and replied, "I only hope I can hold the camera steady." 

"Do your best," Kay replied as she moved forward between my thighs. 

Even through the plasma screen on the GoPro Kay looked incredibly sexy, the playful sparkle in her eyes, those silky-smooth lips and the creamy soft flesh of her cleavage that showed between the edges of her transparent robe all served to signal what I knew would be a blowjob to remember forever. I've watched this awesome mature vixen prepare to suck my cook dozens of times before and this time as always Kay was true to form, she reached out with her left hand and hooked the index finger behind my rock-hard cock shaft drawing it down as her right hand gathered enough of her diaphanous robe to wrap around the head and shaft. Ever so slowly Kay began stroking my cock, her left hand joining her right as she teased me with a two-fisted handjob. The silky-smooth fabric of her robe and her delicate hands caressed every rock-hard inch of my cock for several moments before she said, "I love how it feels in my hands, so big and hard."

"That feels so fuckin' good," I said as one hand tightened around the bulbous head of my cock. 

She drew the fabric taut over my cock head and it rewarded her with a droplet of pre-cum that oozed through the flimsy fabric of her robe. 

Kay smiled then pursed her lips kissing the tip of my cock and sucking the watery fluid from her robe and into her mouth. "I love the taste of your preview," she remarked.

She slid one hand down and gently cradled my balls her sexy fingernails lightly scratching the sensitive flesh, her other hand stretched the fabric of her robe taut over my cock head and she leaned forward to tease my frenulum for a moment before running the wide part of her tongue around my corona. "God Kay, you're driving me insane," I said as she circled my corona several times. 

"You want me to take your rock-hard cock in my mouth, don't you?" she asked. 

I just shook my head yes hoping she would do exactly that. 

Kay smiled at the camera lens as she rose up still caressing my balls and stretching the diaphanous fabric over the tip of my cock. Her lips parted and as she moved her mouth down Kay exhaled heavily over my throbbing cock than in an instant surrounded my cock head with her soft lips. 

"Yes, that's it, suck it," I exclaimed. 

Her silky-smooth lips closed around the shaft just below my cock head and I watched as she sucked hard on it. Her cheeks drew in tight caressing me with the moist warm flesh inside her mouth. Kay maintained eye contact with the camera lens as she took a couple more inches, her flat tongue teasing my frenulum. I could tell that Kay was enjoying this almost as much as I, knowing that sometime soon we would watch the video on her big-screen television. As she bobbed up and down on my cock, I could feel the moisture of her saliva soaking the diaphanous wrapping around my rock-hard cock. She lifted her mouth off me and a long string of spit stretched from tip to tip, my cock head, and her tongue and before it could break Kay pursed her lips and moved toward me slurping the moisture back into her mouth. 

"You're such a cock tease," I remarked knowing how much she loves building up the anticipation of when she'd show off her oral talents completely. 

She kept the flimsy material of her robe tightly wrapped around my cock as for the next few minutes Kay lavished my rock-hard cock with gentle kisses, long luxurious licks, and streams of hot breath. She was taking the phrase cock tease to a higher level as I continued to capture each move with the GoPro. "Do I need to beg you to unwrap my cock and throat it?" I asked when it seemed her teasing was going to go on forever. 

Kay giggled and replied, "Begging would be nice." 

I let her kiss, lick and exhale on my cock for a few moments longer before I finally gave in and pleaded, "Please Kay, I'm begging, unwrap my big, throbbing, rock-hard cock and take me deep in your sexy throat." 

Her wide smile confirmed that my plea would not be in vain and when she finally unwrapped her diaphanous robe off my cock she asked, "Let me get this straight, you want me to stuff this big, thick, throbbing, rock-hard cock deep in my soft, moist throat?" 

"Exactly," I instantly answered. 

Kay was playing to the camera, she hooked her index finger and thumb around the base, then as she waved my cock in front of the lens said, "I don't know, that's an awful lotta cock." 

I laughed and encouraged her, "Give it your best shot sexy." 

She grinned but didn't reply, instead Kay drew my cock down with her fingers until the tip was pointed directly at her mouth. Her lips parted as she moved toward my cock, and a moment later the bulbous head disappeared inside. No longer able to smile or speak, Kay's eyes spoke volumes, getting wider and wider as more of my cock slid across her tongue until the tip wedged into the tight opening to her throat. She stretched her lips wider and I felt her relax at the back of her mouth just before my cock sank into the soft, moist flesh of her throat. Her lips were pressed against my pubic hair and scrotum as she held me deep in her throat. 

"You got it!" I exclaimed.

Her wide-eyed stare was accented by the moisture that welled up from her tear ducts but she continued throating my cock tightening and relaxing her throat muscles to caress my bulbous cock head and throbbing shaft. 

"That is so fuckin' sexy," I said as she began to pull back caressing my cock shaft with her soft lips. 

The head popped from her mouth and she immediately recharged her lungs then opened her mouth and swallowed every rock-hard inch again. I've watched her deep throat me many times but this was the first time her oral talents would be captured on video and we both knew that fact made this blowjob even more erotic. I lost count of how many times Kay plunged her mouth over my cock and buried my bulbous head deep in her throat but when she was satisfied, she'd shown that she could swallow every inch she let my cock slip from her mouth and moved her hand upon the slippery shaft. 

"Lick it," I suggested. 

Kay grinned and began lavishing my throbbing shaft, the smooth flesh of my corona and glans with her tongue. She pleasured every part of my cock for several moments, then began sucking just the head, her silky lips caressing my corona over and over again. She could now verbalize when my cock slipped from her mouth and she began the process of pleading for her thick, creamy reward saying, "I want you to cum for me, baby," 

"Yes," I replied as she continued providing me with her special oral talents. 

Kay knows how to drive me insane, she knows how much I enjoy watching her perform fellatio, sliding her lips along my cock shaft, teasing the thick bulge of my urethra, then swirling her tongue around my cock head and occasionally taking enough of my cock in her mouth so the head touches the back of her throat. 

"I can't wait to taste your cum," she said while her delicate fingers stroked my throbbing shaft. 

I instantly replied, "Soon." 

She took my cock head in her mouth and sucked hard, drawing her moist cheeks tightly around it as she moved one hand to my scrotum gently caressing my balls to encourage them to send their thick, creamy load along my urethra. 

"Yes, that's it you're gonna make me cum," I said as that awesome numbness began to build in my loins. 

Kay continued sucking hard on my cock head and moved her free hand to the shaft pressing her thumb firmly against my urethra blocking the path of my ejaculation. 

"Oh, my fuckin' god," I said as my balls began pumping their contents toward her sexual blockade. 

She lifted her mouth off my cock head and pleaded, "Give it to me, paint my sexy face with your thick, creamy cum load." 

Her thumb lifted and instantly my cock exploded sending a huge wad of searing hot cum sailing toward her. It splashed on her forehead clinging to her smooth flesh and was immediately followed by a second large wad that landed on one cheek. 

"YES!" Kay exclaimed as a third and fourth wad covered her face. 

Her tongue lapped at my cock head capturing some of my creamy cum and as my orgasm began to subside, she used her lips to suck at the tip making sure that every drop was drawn from my cock. Satisfied that my balls had been completely drained Kay released my cock and sat back a little allowing the camera to capture the images of her cum soaked face. She turned her head a little from side to side showing off the fruits of her oral talents then used a couple of fingers to slowly push the wads clinging to her flesh toward her open mouth. Once she'd finished feeding herself my cum load Kay smiled and said, "And that's how you satisfy your man totally." 
