 As I sat in my 12th grade homeroom class, for what appeared to be another boring day, considering I had no homework to do as usual, it suddenly became more interesting. Crystal walked in about 10 minutes late, which was normal for her if she even showed up at all. Our teacher, Mr. Harrison, was very laid back and liberal and pretty much let us do as we pleased as long as we didn't get too loud or cause any disturbances. For this reason Crystal rarely showed up, and if she did, it was usually late. Crystal and I had developed a sort of friendship and usually joked around and flirted, when she showed up to class that is.

Let me describe Crystal. In my opinion she was one of the hottest girls in school. She had shoulder length light brown, almost blond hair. She stood about 5 foot 6 and weighed maybe 130 lbs. She had an extremely pretty face, full sexy lips, a great ass, and seemed to exude sexuality. But the part that I loved about her was her tits. They were large but not overly so. I estimated a large C cup and perky at that.

"Hey Jeff," she said with a depressed look on her face.

"Hi, Crystal, what's wrong?" I asked.

She proceeded to tell me about the problems she'd been having with her boyfriend. She kind of went on a rant, but I didn't mind. I enjoyed talking to her. 

Let me explain. She was dating a guy who had graduated the year before, and we were still in high school. This guy wasn't too popular, and a lot of people thought that he was a little on the gay side. You know how high school kids can be. I had absolutely no problem with someone being gay, but understood how this image could hurt Crystal's self esteem a little. It had, after all, hurt her image and popularity. 

Normally, you would expect a girl with her looks and personality, as well as being a member of the school's dance team, to be extremely popular, but she wasn't. The rumor about her boyfriend was completely untrue according to some of the sexual accounts she had described to me, but nonetheless she was growing tired of her boyfriend's crappy reputation. She also felt like she was giving a lot and not getting much back. In a way, she just had a bad feeling about their whole relationship and was feeling unappreciated.

"He acts like he doesn't even have time for me," she complained. "See, look what I do for him to make sure he thinks I'm sexy," she said before quickly glancing around the room to make sure no one was paying attention to us. 

Most of the other students were engaged in homework or conversation, and we were fairly isolated in one corner of the room. Then she lowered her hip hugger jeans as low as possible to expose as much of her crotch as she could. This girl certainly wasn't shy. It was obvious that she wasn't wearing panties, and she had done an excellent job of shaving her beautiful teen pussy, although she wasn't able to lower them enough to show it all to me.

"Hell," I replied. "He's an idiot if he doesn't have time for you. I think that you're incredibly sexy," I replied in all honesty, briefly recalling all the times I had jacked off thinking of her.

"Thanks," she said with a blush.

After a few seconds of awkward silence she asked if I wanted to cut class for the last half hour. Why not? We decided to both ask to use the bathroom and then sneak out to the back parking lot for the rest of class. 

This is also where I usually parked since I often arrived at school right before the first bell. The lot was a good distance from school as the latecomers didn't exactly get premium parking and was completely out of view from the school. Knowing our homeroom teacher, he either wouldn't notice we didn't come back or wouldn't care.

A few minutes later we met in the parking lot.

"That's your car over there, isn't it?" she asked, pointing to my crappy Honda Accord.

"Yeah, you wanna check it out?" I answered. A few seconds later we were sitting in the car, me in the driver's seat and her in the passenger seat. 

We discussed my CD collection for a few minutes as she patiently thumbed through them. The parking lot was full of cars, but there were no other people in sight as everyone else was in class as they were supposed to be.

"You know, I think you're sexy too," she said out of the blue. 

She then continued to tell how maybe everyone was right and maybe her boyfriend just wasn't getting it done for her, and that maybe she should explore her options. With that she began to rub my crotch. I sort of froze up, not knowing what to do. After looking in my eyes, we both knew what was going to happen next. She unzipped my fly and proceeded to release my cock. This was completely unexpected to me. I was fairly inexperienced and honestly couldn't believe my luck.

Crystal stroked and petted my prick gently for a few seconds and then leaned forward and lowered her head closer to my lap. This gave me a great view of her luscious tits. If it weren't for the fact that this was all pretty new to me, I probably would have tried to rip her shirt off right there. She then hummed approvingly and gave my dick a little kiss. I scanned the area for any trace of other students but saw none and returned my attention to this extremely hot girl who was beginning to suck and lick my cock. She was obviously more experienced than I was, so I just sat back and enjoyed the show. As her head bobbed up and down on my dick, she also used her hand to massage my shaft and balls. It felt incredible. Her sloppy blow job was sending shivers up my spine.

I began to run my hands through her hair savoring the incredible sensations and enjoying the loud slurping sound as she lapped at my dick. Soon after she glanced up at me with an extremely sexy look and said, "C'mon baby, I have to know what your cum tastes like." After saying that, she went back to vigorously sucking my cock. I felt it cumming; sensations set in and my ass cheeks lifted off the seat as I felt myself exploding into her mouth. 

I moaned loudly as I finished, and she removed her mouth from my member and looked at me with a grin. She had apparently swallowed most of my cum, but a little remained on the left corner of her mouth. Her tongue darted out and quickly disposed of the remaining mess.

"Ummmm, much better than you know whose," she said with a grin.

"Wow," was all I could say, still basking in my after orgasm state.

"We might have to do this again, but we should probably get back. I can't miss Algebra again."

I nodded understandingly. A few seconds later I buttoned up my shorts. and we made our way back to school as if nothing had ever happened. I felt on top of the world. It was by far the best homeroom period I had ever had.

There were only several weeks left in the semester before summer started. and although I saw Crystal often in class. we never spoke of the incident which occurred that day in the parking lot. Summer came soon. and although I had a part time job to save up money for college. I still had a lot of free time and my parents both worked full time, so I often had the house to myself. I still thought about what happened between Crystal and myself and desperately wanted something to happen again. 

About three weeks into a boring summer, I found her parent's home phone number in the local phone directory. I got up the balls to call and see what she was up to.

"Hello," she answered.

"Hey, Crystal, this is Jeff. I just wanted to call and see how your summer was going?"

"Jeff! Hi, I was hoping I would talk to you sometime soon. What have you been up to?"

After exchanging pleasantries and small talk, we came to the conclusion that we should get together sometime. Apparently she had also broken it off with her boyfriend who was moving out of town to go to college. We decided that since neither of us had to work the next day, it would be a perfect opportunity to catch up on old times so to speak. I told her that I could pick her up around noon, and we could hang out at my house since we would have the place to ourselves. She agreed.

I was a little nervous and anxious at the same time as I pulled up to her house, but felt good after having freshly showered and thrown on some of my good threads. Apparently she was looking out the window watching for me, and before I could get out of my car, she happily bounced down the steps with a big grin on her face.

She looked the best I had ever seen her. Her hair was slightly blonder now, and she was considerably tanner. Obviously she had been taking advantage of the warm weather and sunny days. She was wearing a short, bright white poofy skirt and a baby blue tank top that clung to her heavy but perky tits, and her hair was tied back in a pony tail. My dick was already getting hard.

It was a short drive back to my house with nothing out of the ordinary happening. We basically just engaged in small talk. As we entered the house, we got something to drink and went to the den area downstairs which was pretty much my domain. My parents had the upstairs and I had the basement, not that it really mattered since they weren't home at the time anyways.

We didn't have anything planned so we plopped down on the couch and settled in to watch TV. We engaged in conversation for a while but then settled into a sort of uncomfortable silence. You could feel the sexual tension. I was nervous but eventually got up the nerve to try to sneak a kiss. Apparently she was just waiting for me to make a move because as I moved in she hungrily proceeded to shove her tongue down my throat and wrap her hands around my neck. We kissed for a few minutes, and she then moved over to straddle me. Her ass was grinding into my raging boner and I was in heaven. 

We continued to make out while I began to fondle her luscious breasts. 

She obviously enjoyed this as she began to squirm around on my lap and moan heavily into my mouth. This carried on for a while until she broke our kiss, gave me a passionate look, and reached down so that she could peel off her skimpy tank top.

"This will make for easier access," she said slyly just before unclasping her bra as well.

I was mesmerized. She looked amazing. Her tits were better than I ever could have imagined and her toned stomach was perfect. Amazingly she also had no tan lines. So, I did the only thing I could think of. I began to suck on her left nipple. She sighed with delight and pulled my head to her bosom. 

I licked and fondled each of her beautiful breasts for what seemed like forever while she humped herself against my hard-on. Eventually, almost reluctantly, she broke the moment.

"Maybe we would be more comfortable in your room," she suggested, breathing heavily.

I was in no position to argue so I led her down the hall to my room. It was rather dark as my room was in the basement, but the blinds let in enough light to still be able to see clearly. I sat down on the bed as Crystal stood above me, still topless. I was still in awe of how perfect her tits were. She slowly dropped to her knees and was nearly face to face with me now as I was seated on the edge of the bed.

"Let's give this guy some air," she said with a grin.

Together we hastily removed my pants and underwear so that I was naked from the waist down. Teasingly, she ran her hands up and down the inside of my thighs. My cock was pointing straight at her begging for attention. She gave me one last look before gently grasping it with her small hand. After slowly jerking it for a few seconds, she took it into her mouth. 

Amazing. I felt so warm and smooth. Although I hadn't had much experience, I knew that this girl was an expert cocksucker. She could take my cock nearly all of the way down her throat and kept up a constant motion with her hand. I was mesmerized by the feeling and by watching her huge breasts jiggle along with her jerking motion. I was holding out much longer than the time in my car, but damn she was good.

"Oh God!" I exclaimed feeling myself getting close. She came up for air and smiled at me.

"It's okay, cum on my tits," she said as she slowly jacked my member. 

I then noticed her other hand was suddenly occupied in her own crotch. She had her skimpy white skirt lifted up, and she was vigorously rubbing her horny little clit. It was far too much for me.

Everything went white for a second and pulses of pleasure went up and down my body. Stream after stream exploded onto her massive jugs. She moaned approvingly and continued to rub my cock all over her chest smearing cum everywhere. She looked so fucking sexy covered in my cum. I laid back on the bed still a little light headed. Crystal had cleaned up a little with one of my old t-shirts and then climbed on the bed and nuzzled up next to me.

"Feel better, baby," she whispered in my ear.

"You have no idea. That was amazing," I sighed.

She giggled at me and then stated matter-of-factly, "Well, you're not getting off that easy." No sexual pun intended.

She then rolled on top of me and began to give me kisses all around my mouth before finally passionately locking her lips with mine. Her crotch hovered just about my semi-hard dick, and I felt her taut nipples teasing my chest. 

Suddenly I felt the lust start to build up again. We continued to tongue wrestle, when I felt her crotch lower down and begin to massage and grind my ever inflating cock. I realized that she had obviously removed her panties because that sure didn't feel like cloth that was rubbing me into a frenzy. 

I reached my hands down and felt the skirt she was still wearing, but as I flipped it up and felt her beautiful ass, I confirmed that she had removed her panties, that is if she had ever been wearing any at all.

She slowly sat up, her perfect tits staring proudly at me and said, "Baby, I've been waiting to do this for so long."

She then reached between her legs and stood my cock straight up and guided it up her pussy. She felt very tight, but at the same time she was so wet that I slid in easily. We sighed in unison as I bottomed out for the first time. I got my first good look at her cleanly shaven snatch and it looked perfect. It felt so good. She slowly began to ride me, still sitting up. 

She quickly picked up the pace, bouncing up and down on my cock. Crystal had closed her eyes, enjoying the pleasure, and she began to massage her large tits. I leaned up so that I could squeeze that beautiful ass. 

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," she repeated over and over again while she rode me. 

I could tell she was building up to a climax as she changed to a shorter swifter motion.

"AAHHHHHH," she moaned as she slammed forward down upon my chest. I felt her body twitch a little as she came down from her orgasm. I could feel the wetness seeping out over my balls and legs, but my cock was still buried deep in her sweet pussy. Her head was buried in my shoulder, and she continued to breathe deeply, her chest heaving. I decided to give her a chance to regain her composure.

After a few minutes she shifted slightly and said, "I can't believe how good that was. I was so turned on I just had to fuck you. That's the hardest I've ever cum. I guess I have been missing something." 

I remained silent knowing it was more of a rhetorical statement than anything. I guess that's when she realized she was still impaled on my cock which continued to be hard as a rock. She shifted her body upward so my cock slid out of her. I couldn't help but sigh.

"Don't worry baby, we're not done, but I want to try something different," she assured me.

She helped guide me up off the bed so that I was standing facing her. 

I wasn't sure what was going to happen but suddenly understood when she placed herself in a hands and knees position on the bed with her ass facing me. 

She was still wearing her skirt which was distorting my view of her perfect snatch.

She reached a hand behind her without looking back at me, which I accepted. 

She pulled me towards her, and I realized I was at the perfect height to slam right into her juicy pussy. I flipped up her poofy white skirt so I had an unobstructed view of my treasure. I explored her ass cheeks with my hands and slowly eased my cock up to her pussy entrance.

"Yessss," I heard Crystal whisper as my cock began to slide between her folds.

Her body looked absolutely perfect. I slid in slowly and felt the heat envelope me. I began to pump in and out at a decent pace. Then she began to hump back against me. Instinctively I reached under her body with both hands and grabbed her tits. This gave me something to hold onto while I started to pound her pussy even harder. I'm not sure how I hadn't cum yet, but I think it was the fact that Crystal had made me feel so good that I wanted to make sure that she thoroughly enjoyed herself too.

Crystal's head was buried face down in the mattress, and she was beginning to moan very loudly now. I could feel the perspiration on my skin as I was really working hard now.

She removed my right hand from her right tit and gently slid it down between her legs. I understood. As I continued to fuck her from behind, I reached around so that I could play with her clit. She was sopping wet. I used my fingers to run circles around where her clit was, honestly I was a little unsure of myself. But, I was obviously doing something right because she lost it. She slammed back hard against me several times. 

"OH MY GOD," was her last yell of ecstasy as she had obviously orgasmed again.

I stopped completely, thinking she might need time to recover, but she quickly instructed me otherwise.

"C'mon, Jeff, can you cum like this, in my pussy...please baby, hard, I want to feel it," she pleaded.

Not one to argue I began to slam into her. I loved the way her perfect ass jiggled each time my body slammed into hers. I was grabbing onto her ass cheeks and massaging them for all they were worth when I noticed her cute little asshole. I couldn't help but wonder how good it would feel to be balls deep in that hole too, but wasn't sure if Crystal would be into that, and I had a feeling I might not last much longer. Well, maybe another time I thought as I continued to thrust into her as hard as I could.

"Gimme your cock baby, YES!" she pleaded.

I was moving as hard as I could into her pussy and her urging sent me over the top. I swear the orgasm lasted 30 seconds. To this day it was probably still the best orgasm I've ever had. I emptied all I had into her pussy, and eventually collapsed on top of her back. We laid there in a sweaty heap both breathing heavily.

Exhausted we both fell asleep for about half an hour. Upon waking, we both glanced at the clock. We had been at it for a long time and it was starting to get late.

"Jeff, I should probably get home soon," she said breaking the silence.

"Yeah," I agreed, "my parents will be home from work before too long."

We got dressed as I prepared to take her back to her house. There was a small sense of awkwardness between us, but as we were walking out my front door to leave she pulled me towards her and gave me a passionate kiss.

"I think this might turn out to be one hell of summer," she said with a sneaky smile.

"I think you might be right," I agreed.

In my book it had already been one hell of a summer. What was to come next I could only guess.