 After such an energetic beginning to the morning, Tom drifted back to sleep as he held me in his arms. I could feel the heat of his body against my naked skin as I snuggled against him. I lay there in complete contentment as I went over what had happened in the past few hours. I could hardly believe that Tom not only remembered me from high school, but he had placed me in the position I had always yearned for as a teenager, I was his girlfriend. 

Tom was sleeping peacefully, but I had things to do. I hate to admit it, but men are right, women do take a lot longer to get ready to go out. Regretfully, I eased out of his embrace. Entering the bathroom, I looked at the soap, shampoo and conditioner that was provided by the hotel. I was delighted to see that it was a popular brand that I had used myself. 

I turned beneath the lightly stinging needles as the warm water sprayed down over my body. As I moved the soap over my body, I remembered Tom's caresses. I could feel my pussy starting to tingle as the juices began to form in excited memory. With a shudder, I forced myself to stop. I did not have time for more sexual exploration this morning, there was a lot to do before the picnic. 

Stepping out of the shower, my body glowed with the warmth of the shower and the memories of Tom's body entwined with mine. Drying off briskly, I wrapped the towel around my body and walked into the bedroom. Watching Tom sleep filled me with contentment. He looked so relaxed and happy. I hated to wake him, but we had to get ready. Standing next to him, I softly called his name. 

Tom stirred as my voice penetrated his sleep. Opening his beautiful blue eyes, he looked up at me. A crooked smile crossed his face as he recognized me. I sat down on the edge of the bed. "Tom, we have to get ready. The picnic starts in just a couple of hours."

Tom gripped my arm and pulled my face down to his. His kiss was sweet and gentle. My heart soared at the tenderness he was showing me. "Come on, get up. I need to go to my house and change clothes." As I stepped away from the bed, he grabbed the edge of my towel. It pulled loose in his hand as it fell away from my body. Spinning to face him, I laughed as I grabbed at the towel. I felt my nipples harden as he exposed my naked body to his piercing blue eyes. "We don't have time for this now. The picnic starts at noon." 

Tom gripped my wrist as he tried to pull me back down on the bed with him. Laughing, I danced away from his hand. "Later. I promise, we will make love all night if you like, but I have to go home right now." 

I could feel Tom's eyes roaming over my naked body as I walked over to the chair that held my clothes. Enjoying his attention, I put a little extra bounce in my ass while I crossed the room. Picking up my black lace panties, I turned my side toward Tom as I bent forward. My large breasts swung freely as I pulled my panties over first one foot and then the other. I could feel his eyes burning into me as I brazenly displayed my body for him. Although it wasn't necessary, I remained bent forward, sliding my hands up my thighs, allowing my breasts to sway while my nipples hardened into tight peaks. 

As I straightened, I turned and looked at him. His cock had hardened and stood like an obelisk towering above his curly pubes. At the sight of his unrestrained rigidity, my juices began to flow from the swollen font between my legs. Taking a deep breath, I forced myself to turn away and pick up my blouse. "We will definitely continue this later, but right now, I have to go home."

Tom stood up. "Okay baby. Let me get ready. We can go by your place and then go to the picnic from there." Watching him walk toward the bathroom, my eyes went to his tight muscular ass. My pussy lips swelled and pulsed lightly as I remembered just how well that ass could shove his cock into a woman. My mouth felt dry as my heart beat faster. I trembled in excited anticipation as I imagined how his ass would be pushing his cock deep into me later tonight. My tongue licked across my dry lips as I forced those thoughts from my mind. 

Fully dressed, I stood in front of the mirror, brushing my hair. Tom came out of the bathroom. He was still damp from his shower as he vigorously toweled his hair. I could see him in the mirror as his muscles flexed. His six pack led down to his semi-erect cock as it swung heavily between his muscular thighs. I just could not get making love to him out of my mind. 

"If you and I are going to the picnic together, please hurry. I don't want to make a grand late entrance." I pleaded. 

"Give me five minutes."

True to his word, Tom was quickly dressed and we headed out the door. We decided to go in my car instead of his truck. When we arrived at my home, I could imagine the neighbors peeking at us. They were probably shocked. A mother of two small children, returning home from being gone all night, still wearing her evening gown and being followed inside by her lover. I giggled as I realized they would really be appalled if they knew what a sexually charged night I had just enjoyed. Entering the house, I told Tom, "Make yourself at home. I will just be a couple of minutes."

I hurried to my bedroom and got out the clothes I had bought for the picnic. As I changed out of my black lace panties, my mind was going over what lingerie I would wear for Tom today. I decided on a matching white lace bra and panties set. The white contrasted nicely with the tan of my skin. The panties were a tiny pair of lace thongs. As I pulled them on, I felt the front pressing snuggly against my outer labia. The bra was a pushup with lace demi-cups. It lifted my boobs and thrust them forward proudly. 

My jeans were so tight, I had to wriggle my hips as I pulled them up. As I picked up my blouse, I noticed Tom standing in the doorway watching me. He was rubbing his cock through his jeans. I basked in the intensity of his eyes as they followed my every movement. It was very erotic knowing that he was watching me as I dressed. My breasts lifted as if in offering to him as I raised my arms and pulled the blouse over my head. Tucking my blouse into my jeans, I looked at him again. He was still rubbing himself as I tugged up the zipper. It was difficult, both mentally and physically, but I managed to zip my tight jeans. 

As we headed toward the door, I thought of something. "Oh no! I wasn't here this morning to prepare the food for our picnic!"

"That's okay." He smiled. "We will just stop on the way and pick up something."

"What would you like?" 

I thought for a moment and then had the perfect solution. "Why don't we get something at Pete's?"

He chuckled as he remembered. Pete's was a little fast food place that had been around for ages. It had always been a place where teens hung out after school. Going there with Tom, would bring back a lot of high school memories.

Tom took my hand as we entered Pete's. I hadn't been there in years. It was just the same as it had been when I went there almost every afternoon after school. It still had the same counter with swiveling bar stools and the odor of hot grease filled the air. Tom bought a bucket of fried chicken, coleslaw, biscuits and a gallon of iced tea. 

When we arrived at the park, it was exactly noon. The sun was beaming down on us from a beautiful cloudless sky as we drove past the group. The parking lot was already full, but we found a spot near the end. I watched Tom as he came around and opened the car door for me. He was holding my hand as we walked over to the pavilion where everyone was gathering. It was just like high school. I could feel their eyes on me as we joined the crowd. The men were looking at me with obvious interest. The women were looking at me with envy. Whispers floated through the group as they speculated about us being a couple. 

Seeing us arrive, David came over with a big smile. Tom already knew her, but he introduced me to his girlfriend, Brenda. She was a cute brunette with big brown eyes. She was shorter than me, slender with an average figure. When she smiled at me, I immediately felt that we could be friends. While the men went off to toss a football around, Brenda and I got to know one another. She told me that she is a teacher at the local elementary school. She and David had been living together for about five years. We were soon chatting like old friends. 

About fifteen minutes later, the men rejoined us. Tom kissed me on the lips with just a suggestion of a promise of more. The four of us laughed and talked as we sat together at a picnic table. Soon, Joy came up to the table and sat down. There was a man with her that she introduced to me as her boyfriend, Robert. He was a sloppy dresser and did not look like the years had treated him well. Like her, he was overweight and needed a haircut. 

The six of us enjoyed our lunch as the conversation wandered from high school memories to the latest movies. It was obvious that they were all friends and knew one another well. Except for myself, Brenda and Robert, they were all members of the "in crowd" while in high school. They welcomed me into the group and I did not feel left out at all. I finally had something else I had wanted in high school. I was now a member of the "in crowd." 

After lunch, Tom kissed me lightly and asked, "Want to take a walk?"

He took my hand and helped me to my feet. Placing his arm around my waist, he led me from the pavilion. The day was beautiful. The skies were clear and blue with just a gentle wind stirring the leaves. The summer wild flowers were in bloom and the birds sang and flew around us. What made it especially beautiful was the presence of Tom's arm around me as we entered the wooded area that was part of the park. The day was perfect. 

As we entered the trees, Tom turned to me. Placing a finger under my chin, he tilted my head up until my eyes met his. I was drowning in his eyes as he lowered his lips to mine. His mouth moved softly against my lips as his tongue lightly fluttered, seeking entry. I parted my lips allowing it to slip inside. His tongue gently caressed mine as my heart beat faster. 

I stretched up to press my lips to his as my tongue thrust back at his with increasing fervor. Tom slid his hands down to my ass, pulling my pelvis against his. I felt his cock stirring as it started to grow within the confines of his jeans. My labia started to swell and my pussy moistened in preparation for him. I moaned into his mouth as I felt his hardness increasing against me. 

We were both breathing hard as he broke the kiss. His eyes seemed as if they were staring into my soul as his gaze held mine. He watched my face as he raised his hand and pressed it against my breast. Even inside the bra, I could feel the heat of his touch. As he massaged my breast through my blouse, I reached down and rubbed his jeans over the bulging outline of his cock. 

Taking my hand again, he led me to a bench a few yards inside the trees. Sitting down on the wooden seat, he pulled me into his lap. I leaned down and took his lips with mine. As our kiss deepened, I wriggled my ass slowly against his throbbing cock. His hand tugged at my blouse as he pulled the front free from my jeans. My tongue continued to explore his mouth as I felt his hand sliding up the soft skin of my belly. Moving his hand to my back, he adroitly unclasped my bra. My breasts surged forward as the tension was released. 

His lips moved down the side of my neck, kissing and nibbling the sensitive skin. My areola tightened and puckered my nipples into hard points as he moved his hand beneath my open bra. Involuntarily, my hips started a gentle pumping motion as his fingers pulled and tugged on my distended nipples. My red hair flew down my back as I tilted my head back and pressed my breast harder against his hand. 

Moaning with hunger, I opened his jeans and freed his hard cock. I started to stroke it as my mouth watered in anticipation. Rising from his lap, I knelt between his legs. He leaned back and watched as I took his cock into my mouth. Tom was transfixed as he watched his cock disappear, inch by tantalizing inch, into my mouth. I moved my mouth up and down his cock over and over again. Relaxing my muscles, I started taking him all the way down into my throat. Although I gagged a few times, I never lost my rhythm. My eyes were watering, as he filled me, but I would not break my focus. I was completely zoned in on the tube of sexual muscle that I repeatedly sank deep into my throat. Tom moaned and closed his eyes in pleasure as he enjoyed my mouth on his cock. 

Suddenly, I felt another pair of hands moving across my body. Quickly lifting my mouth up off Tom's cock, I jerked my head around to look. David was standing beside me. His cock was hanging out of his pants while he groped at my breasts. 

Tom's eyes popped open and focused on David. With an angry growl, he snarled "NO!" Grabbing David's arm, he pushed it away from me. David hesitated for a moment, then he turned and walked back toward the pavilion. My heart soared as I realized that Tom was defending me! He wanted me only for himself. I was his now. 

Lowering my head, I swirled my tongue around the head, lapping up the drop of precum that had formed on the tip. Taking his dick into my mouth, I slid the shaft deep as I again swallowed him down my throat. I continued down until my nose was nestled against the root of his hard cock. I worked my throat muscles on him as I gently massaged his balls with my hand. 

I brought my mouth up off his cock and took a deep breath. Once again, I pushed his cock all of the way down inside my throat. I repeated this over and over as I felt his body shuddering in pleasure. Then, I felt the unmistakable signs of his approaching orgasm. 

Hungrily I sucked harder urging him to cum. With a cry, Tom lifted his hips off the bench as his cock exploded inside my throat. His cum shot straight down my neck as I used my muscles to milk his pulsing dick. I held his cock a willing prisoner in my throat as his discharge slowed to a trickle and then finally stopped. 

Lifting my head from his lap, I looked deep into his eyes. I whispered just barely loud enough for him to hear, "I love you. I have always loved you."

After cumming four times in less than 24 hours, Tom needed time to recharge his libido. I was lost in his embrace as we snuggled and kissed on the bench for a few minutes. Hearing noises coming from the bushes, I lifted my head and looked around. My attention was drawn to a low moaning coming from a few yards away. Looking closer, I could see there was another couple involved in a sexual tryst. 

I looked at Tom. A big grin was spreading across his face. Taking my hand, he stood and led me around the bushes. We stopped when we reached a small clearing. Twenty feet away, I could see Brenda lying naked on a blanket. David was above her, his cock sliding in and out of her pussy as it embraced his pounding strokes. Her breasts shook beneath him in response to his powerful stabbing lunges, her nipples standing like spear points as they displayed her ardent sexual excitement. Brenda's face was a portrait of pleasure as she received his repeated driving thrusts. 

I had never seen anyone having sex. Embarrassed, I looked away. But, I could not block out the sounds as he brought her closer and closer to orgasm. Her soft moans and the sound of their bodies slapping together, was arousing me. Unable to control my curiosity, I looked at them again. Her legs were now up over David's shoulders as he sawed his cock in and out of her wet pussy. I could clearly see her labia as they stretched to accept his deep assault. Her juices glistened on his shaft as he sank it completely to his balls with every stroke. 

I could feel my own carnal juices starting to ooze out of my pussy as I witnessed their powerful mating. They were both panting as their bodies beat together in a frenzied ride to ecstasy. She clawed at his back and screamed out as his thrusts suddenly sped up. Their bodies met in a rapid staccato for a few moments and then he froze buried deep within her. I could see his balls pulsing as he pumped his cum into her. I am sure the people at the pavilion could hear her screaming wail as her orgasm met with his. 

My excited breathing forced my breasts to move up and down beneath my open bra. Afraid that her screams would attract other people, I quickly looked around. Although I didn't see anyone coming toward us, I took Tom's hand and led him away from them. Pausing in the bushes I tried to refasten my bra. Tom's lips caressed my ear. "Did that turn you on baby?" I realized that it had. My pussy was soaking wet as my juices trickled out, soaking the crotch of my jeans. 

Turning, I pressed my lips against his in a deep kiss as our tongues dueled. His hand moved to the zipper of my jeans. Grabbing his hand, I shook my head. "Not now. I don't want anyone to see us." Turning around, I whispered, "Please fasten my bra for me. We can have a lot more fun later."

Quietly, Tom did as I requested. Unzipping my jeans, I tucked my blouse in and ran my fingers through my hair. As presentable as I could now be, I took Tom's hand and led him back toward the pavilion. People were looking at us as we rejoined the group. From the grins on so many faces, I realized that they thought it was my screams they had heard a few minutes before. My face flushed red as knowing looks and whispering rippled through the crowd. "Oh my God!" I whispered to Tom. "This is so embarrassing! Let's get out of here."

Grabbing our things from the picnic table, I quickly led Tom to my car. As I drove out of the park, Tom's hand enveloped mine. Raising it to his lips, he gently kissed my fingers. "You're so cute when you get embarrassed. You are definitely the sexiest, most desirable woman I have ever known." My heart soared at his words. I belonged to him completely. 

It was three in the afternoon as I drove back to his hotel. The big event of the weekend was just a few hours away. I did not want to leave Tom for even a few hours, but we both had to get ready for the dance. Pulling up in the hotel parking lot, I turned to Tom as he leaned over and kissed me. I melted into his arms as our kiss deepened. Using all of the willpower I had, I broke the kiss. I looked into his eyes as I breathlessly promised, "I will be back for the dance. I love you."

Getting out of the car, he leaned back in for another kiss. "I love you too."

My body felt lighter than air as his words resounded in my heart, "I love you too." As I watched him disappear into the hotel, I almost chased after him. Calming myself, I pulled back into the street. I knew I would be seeing him again in a few hours. We had the rest of our lives to spend together. 

I stood in my shower enjoying the sensual feel of the hot water flowing over my body. I smiled as I remembered the night before. My fantasy had come true. I was Tom's girlfriend and we had spent together. I was a little sore, but it was a good feeling. It had been a long time since I had made love and my pussy was not used to so much activity. I loved the feeling and was looking forward to spending the night with Tom again. 

Two hours later, I stood in front of the mirror, giving myself a critical appraisal. The black sheath gown was scandalous. The cowl neck draped across my breasts and plunged down below my boobs almost to my navel. In the reflection, I could see the inner swell of my breasts as they created the deep valley between them. My whole cleavage was clearly visible in the daring open neckline. Turning, I saw the bare skin of my back as the gown plunged to below my waist. I did see something I didn't like. My panty line was easy to see. Reaching through the slit in my gown, I pulled the black lace panties down and off. Turning again to the mirror, my ass was now smooth and tight. Turning to a profile, I raised my arms. The sides of my breasts were visible as they swelled out from my chest. Swaying freely as I moved, they threatened to slip out of the neckline if I moved too quickly. Facing the mirror, I posed like Angelina, my leg emerging from the slit that rose over halfway up my thigh. My nipples hardened as I realized I had never in my whole life, dressed so provocatively. Being dressed like this made me feel erotic and alluring. I loved the carnal feeling I got from exposing myself like this. I was looking forward to Tom's reaction when he saw me. I hoped it turned him on as much as it did me. 
