 I loved spring time at my high school. The days would get longer as the skirts got shorter. Girls who had been hiding under bulky winter clothes couldn't wait to bust out the sluttiest clothes that they couldn't wear for the last several months. Britten King was the best of them all. Homecoming queen, president of the class, editor of the yearbook and the whoriest virgin you've ever seen, Brit was perfect in just about every way. Five foot one maybe 110 nice tits nice stomach nice ass beautiful face, she was the highlight of my day when she'd walk into English class and toss her dark brown, curly hair over her shoulder, sit down and cross her perfect legs. 

On this particular day Brit broke out the big guns, a short plaid skirt, white button-down shirt and a red tie loosely tied around her neck. If that wasn't enough already the Prom fundraiser that year was a sucker sale and, you guessed it, she had a cherry sucker between her lips. Damn! Damn damn! I already had enough problems keeping my dick soft with our twenty-five year old English teacher, Miss Velsy up in front. She hadn't embraced the spring yet, still dressed in her tight grey skirt and black turtle neck sweater she had the look of a dominatrix. 

As class moved along I did my best to concentrate but Britten kept sliding that sucker in and out of her mouth and I had no choice but to stare. My daydream was sharply interrupted by Miss Velsy

"Britten?" she said, "could you go make two hundred copies of these please?"

"Of course, Miss Velsy" she said in that sweet ditsy voice or hers.

Ok I though now I can concentrate. Not so much. Miss Velsy was putting on a show. When she wrote on the board her little butt kept wiggling back and forth, sometimes she'd have to reach really high and stand on her tip-toes showing off the lines running up her panty hoes. I thought they stopped making those kind of silk stocking back in world war two but what do I know and what do I care, she was too hot. This went on for a good ten minutes before she bent over to pick up some chalk and I lost it. 

"Um may I be excused for a moment?" I asked with a small crack in my voice.

"OK but check on Britten on your way back she's been gone a bit too long."

"Sure," I said as I hurried for the door. I'd never jerked off in public before but I think I would have to get through the rest of the day. 

I hurried down the hall towards the bathroom but was sidetracked when I heard a slight moan come from the copy room. Could this be? My luck had never been very good but I thought it would be worth the embarrassment of being wrong just to check it out. It was probably nothing anyway. If Brit was in there I could just try to hide my hard-on and tell her to get back to class, go jerk off and come back. No big deal. I had no idea what I was in for.

I opened the door slowly and couldn't believe my eyes. There was Britten King sitting on top of the copy machine, head in the air with iPod earbuds in her ears, one hand under her shirt, and the other, up her skirt plunging that cherry lollipop in and out of her juicy cunt. At all the things that were improbable and impossible and insane about the whole situation the fact that she had no panties on is what boggled my mind. (I'm not that bright sometimes) My next move, I knew, could make or break the situation and I think I made the right one. I summoned all my courage and inched up to her, eyes fixed on the sucker appearing and disappearing into her beautiful, shaved, pussy. I took my hand slowly and placed it on her knee. Her eyes popped open and she held back a scream. When she recognized me her face changed toward relief and she said "oh, thank god. I was afraid I'd be in trouble." "You're not in trouble at all" I croaked back.

"I never do this but I was so turned on all day and the vibration of the copier just got me the rest of the way. You won't tell anybody will you?"

"Of course not" I said. "In fact I've been horny all day too. To tell you the truth it was your fault."

"What do you mean?" she asked.

"Oh just you walking around dressed like this all day."

"Really? Hmm. Well since you're here…" and with that she took my hand off her knee and slid it up her thigh toward her waiting pussy. "maybe we can help each other out."

I slid my finger up and down her wet slit. It was sticky from the lollipop and smelled like sex flavored cotton candy. I knew I had to taste this concoction and moved my head down and started to work. She tasted even better than I could have thought. As I worked my tongue over her clit I head her moan and start to slither around. Her legs clamped down on my head, restricting my world to her sex. When she came, she came hard. Drenching my face with her juices. As she let me out of her leg-vice I slowly rose from between her legs to see that while I was at work, she must have been too. Her shirt was all mussed and two buttons had popped off. I was proud of myself, as one should be. 

She said through her panting breath, "You're proud of yourself, aren't you?"

I nodded. 

"You should be."

She leaned forward and kissed me hard on the mouth as her hand found its way to my belt buckle. She fumbled with my buttons and zippers until she had my rock-hard cock in her fist. She wasted no time dropping to her knees and popping my cock in her mouth. She gave me the treatment I had seen her give the sucker earlier in class. Up and down she bobbed, stopping momentarily to swirl her tongue around my throbbing cockhead. 

Then she suddenly stopped all together. Before I could protest she spun around and threw herself face down onto the copy machine. "FUCK ME" She said as loud as she could in the circumstances. Never one to deny a woman what she wants I slid my cock quickly into her. I couldn't believe my own situation. Just minutes before I was about to go jerk off in the boys bathroom and now here I was, fucking the homecoming queen from behind. I pumped my cock into her harder and harder at her urging. Her cunt gobbling my dick as we squished together over and over. Brit stood up and pressed against my chest as I continued to fuck her. I grabbed her tits and squeezed as I sunk my teeth into her neck.

Brit pulled away and turned over and pulled me close so we could fuck face to face. She lay on her back on the still running copier as I gave it to her the best I could. Brit pulled out the lollipop again and used it on her clit as I pounded her pussy. I could feel myself getting closer to cumming when my worst fear came true. The door to the copy room burst open and Miss Velsy stomped in. "What is going on here?" She bellowed. I was horrified but Brit kept her composure pretty well.

"You should know better than to do this here in the middle of the day…. That's what after school study hour is for." She said smiling. With that she reached out quickly to grab my cock with her fist, she guided me out of Brit's pussy and dropped to one knee. To my total shock she leaned down and licked my shaft from base to head once, wrapped her mouth around my head and popped it out with a distinct sound. She then let go of me and stood over Brit and kissed her on the mouth and took the lollipop out of Brits hand and off of her clit. 

"You kids finish up and get back to class you here me?" she said as she moved toward the door. "You know we'll have to discuss this more fully after school" Miss Velsy and Brit shared a smile and she popped the sucker in her mouth and turned and shut the door. 

"You two…?" I stammered.

"Shh we have to hurry, you heard her. And besides you'll be needing all the strength you have in that tongue of yours for later. Get back to work!"

I happily obliged and smiled thinking that this day was only going to get better.

To be continued…