 The message light was blinking on my answering machine when I returned mid-morning from the gym.

"Hey Larry, this is Nancy. I need a favor. A girlfriend and I have booked a cruise that leaves in four weeks and I have a situation that just came up and now I can't go. She would like to do the cruise and I don't want to have to cancel. I told Joyce about you, that we have taken trips before and she is agreeable to have you take my place. Call me and let me know one way or the other. See ya."

I hit the redial and Nancy answered on the second ring. "Hi Nancy; I got your message and yes I can take your place on the cruise."

"Great, Joyce will be thrilled. This will probably be a repeat trip for you but we have been to only one of the islands and it was with a different cruise line."

"No problem, I'll be happy to do my part and show her around."

Nancy gave me the particulars and she was going to have Joyce and me over to meet and use her computer so we could book the air together.

I've known Nancy for many years. Our association is scuba diving and we have roomed many times when we do a trip with our dive club. She is a wonderful person but just not my type to get romantically involved. In addition to scuba diving, she competes competitively at tennis and golf. It was an invitation to a senior's tennis tournament that caused the schedule conflict with the cruise.

I arrived at the appointed time and Joyce was already there helping with dinner. Nancy had told me that Joyce was petite and cute as a button. She was very accurate in her description, light brown hair that came to her shoulders and hazel eyes. I shook her hand and maybe it was my imagination but I felt a jolt of electricity that shot up my arm. She had me when she said, "Hello," with a big smile that lit up her face. I did a quick scan up and down her body and I couldn't help but notice her nipples pushing against her blouse. I could feel my heart race and as we walked down the hall. I had to make a quick adjustment to make room for my growing erection. 

We enjoyed a nice chat over dinner where I learned more about Joyce. She and Nancy met by accident as spectators at a golf tournament. It seems both are avid golfers. However, unlike Nancy, Joyce doesn't play tennis. Their friendship led to teaming up for various trips, especially places to play golf. They had been on a few cruises together, too. While Nancy never married, Joyce had been divorced for over ten years. Her two children were grown and married. 

We discussed the cruise and what Joyce wanted to see and do. Nancy made the necessary changes with the cruise line and we completed the airline arrangements. In my heart I hoped everything would go well and that Joyce and I would do some traveling and more in the future. It was nice to be with an experienced traveler and from our conversation it appeared we shared the same travel style and expectations. I was attracted to her from the start and I hoped she felt the same.

Before I departed for home, Joyce and I agreed to meet the following week to discuss the cruise and the various island excursions we might do. We exchanged contact information and she invited me to dinner at her home. "What kind of wine do you enjoy?" I asked.

"Dry red, like a Merlot or Malbec."

"What a coincidence; so do I." 

On my drive home I couldn't believe my luck. On the surface everything appeared perfect. I just hoped it wasn't too good to be true. Only time will tell. Maybe our next meeting without Nancy will tell me more about her. I certainly like what I saw and heard. Thinking about her gave me a hard-on. No doubt I'll need to do something about that when I get home. A warm shower and a soaped up dick make a nice way to pump my aching friend.

The week passed slowly. I felt like a kid waiting for Christmas. I replayed that evening with Joyce many times, the ease we felt, the sound of her voice when she talked, the way her eyes lit up when she laughed and what a contagious smile. The "accidental" touching was nice, too, and my dick enjoyed her frequent display of erect nipples. I would wake up with a hard-on just thinking about her. I felt like a young kid falling in love for the first time. Nice way to start the day. 

I arrived at Joyce's place for dinner at the appointed time. She greeted me in shorts and tee shirt. I gave her a hug and breathed in the heady smell of her perfume. It was all I could do to keep from running my hands all over her. The top of her head came to my chin. She had a nice body and from the way she filled out the tee shirt, I guessed a 32 B/C. I wanted to kiss her right then and there but I kept telling myself to just be cool.

We chatted about ourselves over dinner. Joyce revealed more about her past than she had done at our first meeting. She had some previous relationships but not found "the one". She talked about her children and their spouses, no grand children in the picture. We shared stories about places we had been and those on our "bucket list". I was pleased that we had similar places yet to be visited. In my heart was the hope that I had found a travel partner and more.

Joyce and I adjourned to the couch with wine glasses in hand to look at cruise excursions on her laptop. I was particularly pleased that she sat so close. Touching was unavoidable but I kept myself under control because I didn't want to rush anything. That's not to say I didn't flirt but I exercised a lot of restraint. We decided on several shore excursions and a plan for activities on the ship which included working out, the shows, and hopefully dancing.

When Joyce walked me to the door our good bye was a much longer hug and I kissed her gently on the lips. Our lips parted and our tongues danced together. I was pretty certain that, given how tightly she held me, there was no missing my erection pushing into her belly. My gut told me that what she did was intentional, at least I hoped so. If it was her desire to get me hot and bothered, she succeeded. I couldn't help but wonder if she was as turned on as I was. I so wanted to rip her clothes off right then and there but I managed to stop and thanked her before walking out the door. No doubt I would need some shower time and serious stroking of my hard cock when I got home. 

I picked Joyce up in the early morning for our flight to Florida. I was pleased that she knew how to pack and there wasn't much luggage. She dressed in business casual clothes and looked terrific. "You like?" she asked as she did a slow 360.

"Very much," I replied as I scanned her from head to toe. Did I mention she has great looking legs? 

The flight was uneventful as far as flying goes and it allowed us to chat about more of the past and future. I really enjoyed our conversation and just being with her. She expressed a desire to travel and share the experiences with someone special. "Nancy is a dear friend and good traveling companion but I would like to have something and someone more than that." The way she said that and the look I saw in her eyes made me feel that she is hoping our trip might lead to something more. I certainly hoped that too.

I smiled at her and said, "I have the same wish."

Once we landed, we each purchased a bottle of wine for use in our cabin. We found our transfer station and soon were on our way to the ship. I had been on this ship and had even done the same cruise destinations a few years ago while Joyce had not. She had been on a sister ship so the layout was not much different. We took care of our luggage and then headed for a late lunch on the Lido deck. 

That evening when we dressed for dinner, it was a bit awkward since we had never been together in that situation. While Joyce used the bathroom, I dressed and then we reversed the arrangement. After picking out a necklace, we headed to dinner. She wore a simple dark skirt, white blouse, and dark blazer and she looked beautiful. I'm not sure how it happened but as we walked into the dining room I took her hand and she didn't let go. It just felt natural and comfortable. 

We had two other couples at our assigned table. Fortunately, we both enjoy meeting new people. We laughed and chatted over past cruises, our work, and families. Joyce enjoyed talking about traveling and playing in various golf tournaments. I loved hearing her speak and listening to what was she saying. Such a sweet sounding voice.

That evening we sat out on our balcony and enjoyed the evening with wine. We chatted about the cruise, the day, and our table companions. I took a deep breath and confessed to Joyce that I really enjoyed being with her and that I hoped we would have more trips together. 

"I hope so too, Larry. I really don't need another travel companion or roommate."

I stood in front of her, pulled her to her feet and kissed her tenderly. She smiled at me and before I could react, her mouth was on mine, harder and more insistent than our first kiss. Soon our tongues were dancing and the kiss quickly felt like "I want your clothes off right now". I slid my hands up her side and cupped her breast. She moaned into my mouth and pulled me close and tight, my erection pressing hard against her. She squirmed against it and murmured her approval.

"Oh, Joyce. I've thought about this since the first night we met."

"I had some pretty nice wet dreams myself."

We made a bee line into the cabin and then it was a race to see who could undress the other the fastest. Joyce won. She stroked my cock and kissed it on the head. I laid her on the bed and kissed her gently. I kissed my way down her neck to her breast then licked and sucked on each nipple. I moved my hand slowly down her abdomen just to the edge of her underwear. I traced the lacy top of her panties then slid my hand down to the crease of her thigh. I could feel her wet pussy lips as I slowly ran my finger up her slit. When I slipped my hand under the elastic of her underwear, she pushed it down so my fingers could enter her eager love hole.

"Oh yes," she moaned. "Please don't make me wait."

"I want to taste you," I murmured. I knelt between her legs and slowly removed her panties. I slid my hands up her legs, parting them more and savoring the lovely view of her pussy. Much to my delight she was completely bald. "I love your bare pussy. I think it's sexy and hot."

"I'm glad you like. I enjoy the way it feels, too."

I put my mouth on those lovely lips, swirled my tongue around her clit, and then sucked gently. When I slipped two fingers inside her at the same time, she came with a scream. Her climax rolled through her like a continuous wave that went on and on.

"That was wonderful," she said with a big smile. She pulled me up, kissed me, and then licked her cum from around my mouth. 

I moved between her legs and kissed her deeply. She reached down and guided my hard dick to her eager and wet love hole. She arched her hips and I slid inside. Once I was fully in, I stopped my thrusting and she clenched her muscles around my dick. I just savored the incredible sensation. I gazed into her eyes and knew this was the woman I wanted to be with. 

I started stroking slowly at first and then began to increase the tempo. Joyce matched my thrusting with her own and I knew it wouldn't be long before she came again. Her breathing became quick and shallow and then she tensed for just that moment before climax. I drove in hard and deep, heard a long moan, and then her climax crashed over her. A few strokes later and I added my cum to hers.

I collapsed in her arms. She held me tight and locked her legs around me. I kissed her on her forehead, her nose, and then her mouth. "That was incredible," I murmured between kisses.

"It was wonderful," she said with a sigh. "Do you think we could turn over and still keep you inside?"

"I'll do my best," I said with a smile and wondered what she had in mind.

It wasn't easy to do considering we had booked two separate beds but I was able to pick Joyce up and roll under while she held on. Once I was in the position she desired, she put her hands on my shoulders and slowly moved so she was sitting on her knees. It felt wonderful just being inside her.

Joyce looked at me with a coy smile and slowly moved her pelvis forward until my dick slid out. She then moved back just enough that I could see the head of my cock protruding between her lips. She leaned down a little and began to move her hips forward and back, riding my dick using our cum as a lubricant. Her body was tilted just enough that she was rubbing her clit on my tool. It was erotic watching her rocking action with her pussy sliding on my cock. The best part was we both could watch and the look on her face as her orgasm was building was priceless. Is there a more perfect way for a woman to masturbate? 

Joyce began to push down harder as she increased the tempo. Her climax came with a long moan. She was breathing hard yet sat very still, her hands gripping my shoulders. She gazed into my eyes with a look of contentment. After a few moments, she stretched out and lay on top of me. I held her close, pulled the sheet over us, and we drifted off to sleep. 

It has been quite some time since I slept in a small bed with a woman in my arms. It was very nice then and it was the same this time. I remember waking a few times and just gazed with delight at the beautiful person next to me. I finally drifted off to a deep sleep and in my dream, I was watching her ride my cock with her pussy once again. Something was wrong with my dream, however because it seemed so real. I could feel her sliding back and forth on my dick. I opened my eyes and raised my head to see Joyce cleaning my cock with a warm face cloth. 

"Good morning, sweetheart," she said with a big smile. "Just relax and enjoy."

The warm wet water felt nice and my dick was beginning to respond to her touch. I watched her take it into her mouth and run her tongue all over it. It didn't take long for my cock to become hard. After taking it all in, she wrapped a hand around it and began to give me a sensual blowjob. I thought I must still be dreaming. This was so incredible. I knew it wasn't a dream as I felt my climax nearing. I was breathing hard and my hips were thrusting into her mouth. 

I filled her mouth with my load. She took it all and didn't stop stroking until she had milked every drop. "I didn't have a chance to do this last night and I thought it might be a nice way to start the day."

I reached down and pulled her into my arms. I kissed her and said, "A perfect way to start any and every day."

"Well, now that I've had some cum, I'm ready for coffee. Shall we go to breakfast?"

Reluctantly I got dressed. The thought of staying naked and calling room service crossed my mind. Then again, that might work well later in the week; particularly on a sea day.

When we walked out of the room Joyce looked for our cabin steward. They had a brief conversation and she handed him something.

We made our way through the breakfast buffet line and found a booth. We toasted each other with our coffee cups and Joyce said with a big grin, "Here's to a wonderful start to our cruise." Then as I was taking a sip, she added, "So what do you want to do today?" She caught me completely off guard and I started to choke. My eyes were watering, I was coughing and she was laughing and giggling. 

"As if you didn't know," I managed to squeak out while still coughing.

"Something tells me we'll be doing a lot of that," she replied with a coy smile.

"Well my dear, I am at your command. What would you like to do today?"

She took a sip of coffee, I think just to tease me, and after a long pause said, "I've been to this island so why don't we hit the gym, have fun in the shower, and let nature take its course. After lunch some pool and hot tub time, then a quickie before dinner. After dinner some dancing, then back to our cabin for some wine and more playing. What do you think?"

"I love it except I'll add that if there is some karaoke somewhere, I'll sing you a song."

"Just think, we have a whole week of fun."

When we got back to our room I instantly knew what the conversation Joyce had with our steward was about. Our two beds had become one. Just like our future.