 Well, it seems that things have gone alright... Ms. Vinivi is happy that her daughter has gotten an A, Maddy is happy because her mom isn't forcing her to come to tutoring anymore, and, well, you are happy because you got to bury your dick in a sexy 18 year old without any repercussions. 

You are at a volleyball game. It's going well, not that you really care. You are just enjoying the show of the bouncy young girls. Your team wins the game quite handedly. You are saying goodbye to all the parents and students. Finally you are alone and packing up, putting all the equipment in bags so it can be taken to your truck. 

"Mr. D?" You hear a familiar voice behind you. You turn to find Ms. Vinivi. 

"Oh, Ms. Vinivi, hello. What can I do for you?" You ask. Instantly you know something is up. The woman steps closer... and... has she tugged her shirt down a bit so it is easier to see her breasts? Ms. Vinivi is the definition of a MILF. She's 37 with an 18 year old daughter. She is voluptuous, with wide hips, a thin waist, and large d-cup breasts. 

"I see my daughter got an A on your last homework assignment... you seem to be a very good tutor." She smiles, leaning into you and brushing your arm with her hand. 

"yes, well, she has certainly begun applying herself more. She's actually a smart girl when she puts her mind to it." 

Ms. Vinivi laughs. "I'm sure," she responds. "She really does need to pass this class though... and well... I was thinking... I could make that easier for her..." she places a hand on your crotch. What is happening?! Are you actually going to pull double duty on Maddy passing? 

"Ms. Vinivi, that really wont be-" 

"Call me Christy... now... let me see the D." She goes down on her knees and before you can do anything she has zipped your pants down and pulled out your dick. She arches her back seductively, causing her massive bosom to stick out even further, as she tilts her head up, staring you in the eyes. 

She puckers her lips then opens her mouth, lolling her tongue out. Her mouth is full of spit, and a bit trails off the tip of her tongue. Your knees go weak as she leans forward, inhaling your dick to the base all in one motion. Your dick slides into her mouth, her tongue already swirling around it as she takes you deeper, your dick sliding into her throat. 

Unlike her daughter, Christy knows what she is doing - and she is good at it. You feel your orgasm already fast approaching as she deepthroats you, making seductive gagging noises as she does, staring up at you.

Just as you are about to lose it, she pulls you out of her throat, taking a big gasp of air. You see her wadding up a ball of spit seductively in her mouth as she pulls her top down, releasing her enormous breasts. She cups them in her hands, forming a huge cleavage furrow with her big balloons. She then tilts her head down and releases a mouthful of spit into her cleavage. 

She rubs her breasts together, getting them good and sticky with her slobber. She then sits up taller and begins using her lubed pillows to tit-fuck you. Her breasts are extremely soft, and they are so large they completely encompass your dick as she moves them up and down. 

Her mouth is open in a broad sloppy smile as she vigorously pumps her pillows up and down your shaft. Finally you can take it no more, and you shoot your hot seed all over her face. She brings her breasts away from your shaft and deepthroats your still throbbing cock one more, slowly pulling back as she sucks deeply on it. With a finger she begins gathering your cum off of her face and sucking it into her mouth swallowing it. 

~~~

"Thank you Christy, the meal was delicious." The hot MILF smiles broadly as she leans over seductively to take your plate, displaying her bosom. 

"I'm glad you liked it. Why don't you go make yourself comfortable in the living room, and I'll go grab desert." You nod and head into her sparse but comfortable living room. 

It's only a few minutes before Christy re-appears. When she does, your dick jumps in your pants at the sight. She's wearing a blue cocktail dress she wasn't before. It's extremely short, barely coming down past her crotch. The cleavage in the dress is so large that her breasts are almost entirely showing except for nipple. The top of the dress seems like it's more for support than coverage. 

She is smiling with a full mouth of something. Her lips are puckered as she walks over, kicking off her high heels as she comes. She stands a few feet in front of you, legs straight and spread wide, hands on hips, smiling with her full mouth. She points at your pants, then gestures for you to take them off. You quickly comply, removing your pants and underwear. As you do so she turns seductively in a circle, running her hands up and down her body. She leans towards you and pulls her top down, revealing her entire beasts. She massages her large pillows in her hands, then approaches you. 

In your sitting position her breasts are on eye level with you. She pulls your head into her cleavage and wraps your face in her breasts. She puts a nipple to your mouth and you gladly take it in, sucking upon it. 

She slides down, pulling her breasts away from you, until she is kneeling between her legs. She puts her puckered lips to your now rock hard tip, and in one quick motion swallows your cock down to the base. A wave of pleasure washes over you as your cock rushes into her hot spit-filled mouth, then bends so it can puncture past her soft palate and down her tight MILF throat. Still holding your entire length inside her throat, she caresses your balls in her hand. Then, she tilts her head and slides down further, so her nose presses through your pubic hair to the skin beneath. Her mouth gapes open and she uses her hand to help push your balls into her mouth, where they fill it to bulging. Her tongue wraps and swirls around your balls as her throat clenches around your cock. 

She holds position for several seconds, then makes a gagging noise, and pulls herself off of you. She takes a big breath as her dick slides out of your mouth, opening her throat to oxygen again. "Follow me Big D" she says seductively as she rubs a bit of spit off her lip with a finger. 

You do so, standing and following her to a large bedroom with a king sized bed. The bed is made and the room has an inviting low lite. Christy sits on the edge of the bed, flipping her head back then spreading her legs. She puts her legs straight up as she leans back on the bed, and slowly pulls down her panties, revealing her snatch. You come forwards and she opens her legs for you. You line up and enter your cougar, her warm lips easily parting and swallowing your shaft into her pleasantly soft interior with the help of her spit. 

She wraps her legs around your waist and leans back, pulling you on top of her and onto the bed. She twists and before you know it you are on your back and she is on top of you. She rocks her hips back and forth, side to side, slowly massaging and rubbing your shaft with her folds. "Now just sit back Mr. D and let Ms. V take care of you." She says with a sultry voice. 

She starts off agonizingly slow, rising up and lowering herself back down on your rod. Her milf folds easily contort and squish as you are ploughed into her. She then picks up pace, slapping herself up and down faster, with more force. 

"You ready?" she says with a smirk, then without any more warning she whips a leg over your head and twists her whole body. Her vaginal walls swirl around your dick in a circular motion as she goes from a cowgirl to a reverse cowgirl potion. My GOD that felt good! How is she so flexible?! She immediately gyrates her ass up and down causing quick slow fucks into her, then she swirls again, so she is facing you again. Long, hard deep thrusts. Swirl. Quick and shallow. Swirl. It's more than you can take and with one more swirl you groan as your orgasm comes, threatening to plaster her internal walls with your cum. She acts quickly though, as if a small twitch of your dick was enough for her to know you were spent. In another quick fluid motion she pulls out and twists down, swallowing your cock with her mouth in time for you to blast your seed into her soft palate. She gags and sperm shoots out of her nose. A rush of electricity goes through you as she sucks deeply on your expended cock, then shoves it a bit further down her throat. She then pulls off with a gasp and it is done.

~~~

Daughter or mother? Which was better? Surprisingly you can't seem to decide. Both were amazing, and you can't believe you got the opportunity to fuck both of them for the same reason! Like mother like daughter you guess...