 This is the third entry to my High School Harem series. It took longer than I wanted, so I apologize, I didn't have as much time to write. 

Just a forewarning, this chapter has quite a bit of set up before any action kicks off. 

As usual, leave feedback. I've read all the previous feedback and will continue to do so. 

Anyways, hope you all enjoy. 

***** 

Having a harem is something I think just about every guy has fantasized about. Never in a million years would I have thought such a thing is possible. That's all it ever was for me, a fantasy. Through an unfortunate incident involving false accusations, I was kicked out of my old school and in my senior year of high school I was forced to attend an all-girls school. At first I detested the thought of attending this school. But soon I made friends with a group of girls and my time in this school would become unforgettable. Because now, I was living the fantasy. I had a harem. I wasn't aiming to have one, it just sort of happened. That group of girls: Molly, Amanda, Erin, and Katie. I'd had sex with them one by one in that order, even taking the last one's virginity. And soon those 4 girls became my own little harem. 

A couple of months had passed since I took Katie's virginity in the gym locker room. And over those months, that locker room saw a lot more action, it had become our regular meeting spot for sex, to put it bluntly. The sex with each girl was different. With Molly, it was always gentle and more sensual. Whereas with Amanda, it was more ferocious, like two animals just trying to get their rocks off. Erin liked to be the one in control, with her riding me while I laid on my back most of the time, and more often than not she'd bind my hands. With Katie, she being the least experienced, it was always about experimenting and trying new things. It was all very exhilerating. And after volleyball season had finally got under way, the girls had become especially insatiable, I was having sex with at least one of them just about every day. No doubt, I was living the dream, 4 different extremely attractive girls and 4 different types of sex with each of them. We hadn't really sat down and talked about everything yet, at this point we were still just kind of letting things happen on a whim. Sure, the 4 of them all knew that each of them was having sex with me, and they probably talked about it amongst themselves. But I knew that at some point I should probably have a sit down with the 4 girls and really have a conversation about what we were doing and discuss the future. Call it a harem meeting, if you will, everyone lay their cards on the table just to make sure there were no issues, and also I wanted to be doubly sure there was no jealousy brewing between the 4 of them. Luckily, I hadn't detected anything resembling jealousy as of yet, in fact the 4 girls seemed to get along like always, the last thing I wanted was to intrude on their friendship. 

We were always careful, to make sure that no one ever caught on, but to be honest anyone with half a brain probably could've figured out something was going on judging by how much time we were spending together. And I had little doubt the rumor mill was turning, after all the school was full of teenaged girls. Nothing against the fairer sex, but they did certainly love a juicy rumor or two. Of course, even after a few months at this school I was still an outsider, so I never really caught wind of any possible rumors. 

Anyways, I suppose I should get on with the story. 

It was the beginning of the volleyball postseason, the school's team had once again made it to the playoffs, like they apparently did almost every season. Our school, having the best facilities, would be hosting the playoffs, which meant a lot of girls from other schools would be showing up for the playoffs. But there was one face among them that I never thought I'd see again. 

I was leaving my last class of the day, making the long walk across campus to my dorm, like I'd done so many times in the past. Only this time a bus full of girls from another school was in the parking lot, and that's when I saw her, Maria, the girl from my old high school who'd accused me of coercing her into having sex. She was unloading off the bus in a parade of other girls, I had to double take to make sure my eyes weren't playing tricks on me. No, it was definitely her, as I stared a moment in complete shock and terror. I came back to reality and panic set in, and the next thing I knew, I was practically sprinting from the scene, headed toward my dorm at top speed. Upon reaching the dorm, I slowed my pace to hasty walk and quickly made my way through the halls. 

"Hey Alan!" I heard Molly's voice in the hall. 

I was too panicked to aknowledge her, I just continued walking. I got to my door and fumbled with my key for moment, missing the keyhole on my first couple tries I was trembling so much. When I finally got the door unlocked, I entered and slammed the door behind me, I dropped my stuff on the floor and collapsed face down on my bed. Immediately all those painful memories came flooding back in a tidal wave. I began questioning everything. Why was she here? Why her of all people? Why now? I was finally beginning to enjoy life again, and now Maria has showed up here of all places? Was this the other shoe dropping? ...punishment for my arrogance in thinking I could escape the past? 

Suddenly before I could even react my door began to open. Damn, I forgot to lock it, I thought. The door opened and in walked Molly. 

"Alan, is something wrong?" she asked, sounding concerned. 

I must've looked so pitiful laying there in my bed, wallowing in my own grief. I didn't know how to answer her, I'd never told her about my past and she'd certainly never seen me like this. Yet, there she was, showing genuine concern. I couldn't very well lie to her. 

"yes..." I replied simply and quietly. 

She shut the door then walked over and sat on the edge of the bed. 

"But, what are you doing here Molly?" I asked, quickly realizing that someone could've seen her come in. 

"Don't worry about that, everyone else went to dinner, so no one saw me. Now tell me what's wrong?" she asked, gently placing her hand on my back. 

Once again, I didn't know how to respond. And whatever I said, it would most likely lead to me revealing my past, my reason for coming to this school in the first place. I didn't know if that was something I was ready to do. Then the fear set in. How would she react? To find out I was accused of something as awful as rape? Surely she'd want nothing to do with me, what girl would? 

"Come on, talk to me, Alan." she said, rubbing her hand in circles on my back. 

I still just remained silent, the fear and panic keeping me paralyzed. 

"Look, you're one of my best friends and I care about you. You know you can tell me anything." she said in a sentamental tone. 

She was right, we did pretty much tell each other everything. We practically knew everything about one another. But the one thing I'd never told her about was my past. Though, I have to be honest, the sound of her tender voice and the gentle touch of her hand on my back, were beginning to make me feel a little more at peace. I had to tell her, I needed to tell someone. This thing had been eating me up for so long. 

"...okay... You know the bus that just got here?" I started, still face down in my pillow speaking in a low melancholic voice. 

"Yeah, the bus from that other school? That's who we're playing in the first playoff game this weekend. Their team will be staying in the guest dorm until our match. What about it?" she replied. 

That at least answered my question of why Maria was here, even though that should've been obvious. 

"Well, I saw someone I know getting off that bus." I said. 

"Oh, an old friend?" Molly asked. 

"..not exactly.." I responded. 

"Oh? ..what do you mean?" she asked curiously. 

"Well, it's a long story and it's pretty much the reason I came to this school." I said. 

"To be honest, I have always been curious as to how you ended up here. I mean it's not everyday a guy gets enrolled in a school for girls." she replied. 

I was still feeling nervous, but I had resolved to tell her, so there's no backing out now. 

"That girl I saw getting off the bus, her name is Maria. Well, we have a bit of a storied past with one another. You see, Maria went to my old high school, and we dated for a bit. Needless to say, it did not end well." I began explaining. 

"Continue." Molly said simply, genuinely interested in my story. 

"Well... I don't even remember why or how exactly but for whatever reason we ended up having sex in the girl's bathroom during school one day. And some other student caught us, then reported it to a teacher..." I said. 

"That doesn't seem so bad, I take it things got worse from there?" Molly said. 

"Oh yeah, things got much worse..." I then proceeded to tell Molly the whole story about what happened at my old school and how I ended up here. I even told her about the damage it had done to my homelife, how even my own family began shunning me. 

When I finished explaining it all, Molly just sat there silent for a moment, I was still face down in my pillow so I couldn't tell you how she looked. But I fully expected her to cut her ties to me right there on the spot. After all, what girl would want to associate themselves with an accused rapist, even as bullshit an accusation as it was. 

"Wow.. what a bitch!" Molly exclaimed. 

I did not expect that kind of response, I immediately sat up and faced her, with a look of disbelief. 

"What kind of bitch just turns on you like that?" she questioned. 

"Well, I always suspected it was mostly her parents who pressured her into accusing me." I said. 

"Still, that's fucked up. And nobody would hear your side? Not even your family?" she asked. 

I was in disbelief, and so relieved. She was saying pretty much all the same things I've said on the matter. 

"Yeah pretty much. And the shame is I actually used to be very close with my family, but ever since that shit went down, they all cut their ties with me. My own mother looks at me with disdain everytime I see her." I said. 

"Wow.. I'm so sorry Alan. But look, I want you to know that I believe you." she replied. 

"Really?" I asked, still dumbfounded. 

"Of course, I trust you. And I know you'd never do anything as dispicable as what those assholes accused you of." she responded. 

Molly, seeing that I was still feeling a bit uneasy, then wrapped her arms around me in a warm embrace. It was there in her arms that I finally felt a sense of calm and peace. This was the first time that anyone's ever bothered hearing me out and actually believed me. I found myself relaxing in her arms until I was laying down, Molly had followed, never letting go. We both just laid there in my bed, hugging one another. 

"Thank you, Molly." I uttered. 

I had begun to feel tired. It was only the evening, supper time, yet I felt tired. I guess that slight nervous breakdown after seeing Maria again had really left me drained, but it was more than that. I was usually one to stay up well past midnight, and wake up early, never getting more than a few hours of sleep. My own thoughts and fears had always kept me awake. But laying there in Molly's gentle embrace, I felt as though the weight of the whole world had been lifted from shoulders. Soon enough everything seemed to fade as my weighty eyelids fell, I drifted off to sleep still hugging Molly. This was true nirvana. 

I awoke the next day with the bright morning sun beaming through the lone window of my room. I wiped the sleep from eyes and immediately found that Molly was no longer in my bed. Not that I expected her to be there, after all, that would've been a little too risky. But a part of me had kind of wanted to wake up with her beside me. I grabbed my phone off the nightstand and checked the time, it was a little after 9 am. I was surprised, for once I had actually managed to get a full night of sleep, I felt well rested, better than I had been in a long time. 

I got out of bed and realized that I was still wearing my school uniform, but I also still needed a shower. Luckily, I was sure everyone else was down in the cafeteria having breakfast, so I was free to shower. So I grabbed a change of clothes and my shower supplies: towel, shampoo, bodywash, etc. and made my way down the hall to the showers. As I had suspected, they were empty, so I found a stall, turned on the water and quickly went about taking off my clothes. 

It didn't take me long to finish showering. I turned off the water and stepped out of the stall, I quickly dried myself off and slipped on a pair of clean boxers. I then noticed my reflection in the mirror, my mother was right after all, I could use a shave and a haircut. My hair had gotten long enough now that it was nearly to my shoulders and my facial hair, while only being 18 I didn't get too much growth, there was still enough that I looked pretty scruffy. The only problem was I didn't even own a razor or shaving cream, so I'd need to go buy some, which I could also get a haircut while I was out. 

I then pulled on a pair of running shorts and gathered up my things, and began making my way out of the bathroom. But as I was walking out, someone else was walking in. It was a girl that lived in the dorm. Neither of us noticed each other and I walked right into her, she let out a sudden yelp of shock as she began to fall to the floor. But I, having pretty decent reflexes, dropped my things and managed to catch the girl by her arms before she fell. She reached out a hand and put it on my shirtless chest as she braced herself. 

"woah.. you okay?" I asked, once she was stable. 

She didn't respond, she only stared straight ahead, her hand still planted on my firm chest. 

"You okay?" I asked again. 

"Wha.. huh... yeah... Yeah, I'm okay." She stuttered, taking her hand off my chest, looking and sounding as though she'd just woken up from a trance. 

"Yeah, sorry about bumping into you, I wasn't looking where I was going." I said, bending down to pick up my things. 

"It's alright..uhm.. Alan, right?" she asked. 

"Yep" I replied. 

"I'm Samantha, but everyone just calls me Sam." she said, reaching out her hand. 

"Well, nice to meet ya, Samantha. I'm gonna get out of your way now, see ya around." I said, shaking her hand before exiting the bathroom. 

Hmm.. Nice girl, I thought as I walked down the hall to my room. I'd seen her around the dorm before, in fact I recognized her as one of the many girls that would usually give me the stink eye when I walked past, so I'd pegged her as one of those stuck-up types. But in that brief encounter, she actually seemed like a fairly nice girl, guess I should reserve my premature judgements in the future. 

I made it back to my room, where I put my dirty clothes in my laundry hamper and then took a seat at my computer desk. I booted up my computer and then checked my facebook notifications. That's when my good mood came to screeching halt, one of those notifications was a message from none other than Maria herself. Yeah, though I'd gotten a new phone number, I never did block her on facebook, I'm an idiot. 

We need to talk. 

I almost cringed as I read her simple message. I leaned back in my chair and just stared at the computer screen. Just like that, my good mood had vanished. After talking with Molly the night before, I'd gotten a good night's rest and was feeling great for once. Such a weight had been lifted off my shoulders, I felt like I could fly. But upon seeing that message, I came crashing and burning right back down to earth, back to reality. This girl, once again serving as a reminder that I could never escape my past. Needless to say, I did not reply to her message. Instead I sat there my mind going over everything again, it was like a highlight reel of my life's worst hits. Then, I began to feel angry, and I just sat there stewing in it, my eyes still fixed on that damn message. 

"Fuck!" I yelled, in a fit of rage I drove my fist into the screen as hard as I could, the monitor fell from the desk, showing a black spot where my fist had hit with dozens of little black cracks surrounding it. 

What was left of the picture flashed a few times before the whole screen just went blank. 

"God damn it!" I yelled as I immediately realized the damage I'd done. 

I stood up from desk still seething in anger. I needed to get out of there, before anything else ended up broken. I quickly changed into a pair of jeans and put on a t-shirt, then socks and shoes, all the while screaming obscenities. I stormed out of my room, slamming the door behind me. I walked down the hall, my face red with anger, muttering further vulgarities to myself. Just about every girl in the building stared in shock as I walked past. 

When I got outside, I walked around for a while, breathing in the fresh air. Letting myself cool off a bit, I finally had a moment of clarity. I'd never blown up like that before, I surprised myself. Even after the incident at the old school, my anger was quickly sated and I had resigned myself to just being mellow and uncaring. But now, I couldn't be mellow, I had finally lost my shit. And then as if the shitstorm couldn't get any more severe, my phone began to ring, I was getting a call. What wonderful timing, I thought sarcastically to myself. I quickly dug the phone out of my pocket and answered it without even checking to see who it was. 

"What?" I answered the phone angrily. 

"It's your mother, what kind of way is that to answer your phone?" the voice asked on the other side of the call. 

"I'm pissed off, what do you want? Call to criticize me some more?" I replied tersely, lamenting on how it seemed like the only time my mother ever spoke to me was to criticize me for something. 

"What's wrong, honey? Better yet just come talk to me in my office, okay sweetie?" my mother responded in her motherly tone, that I hadn't heard in what felt like ages. 

Honey? Sweetie? What the hell was going on? I wondered. She hadn't called me those words in a long time, and that tone of voice. What the hell? I asked myself. 

"...Okay..." I finally replied, hanging up the phone. 

I was thoroughly confused, so much so that my anger had subsided for the moment. Why did she sound so nice all the sudden? I was so confused but at the same time, curious, there was no way I wasn't going to go see her, just to figure out what was going on. I began making my way across the campus to the main building where mom's office was located. 

When I got to her office, she was sitting at her desk and immediately stopped everything she was doing as I walked in. She looked directly at me, but it wasn't the face of contempt I usually got from her, she looked... caring? Like she was actually glad to see me. I took a seat in one of the chairs in front of her desk, still dumbfounded. 

My mother stood up from her desk, then walked around to where I was sitting and suddenly fell to her knees in front of me, looking up at me with tears forming in her eyes. I was taken aback, not sure what to say or do. 

"I'm so sorry, baby. ...I know you must hate me.." she said, the tears now running down her cheeks. 

I was stunned. Frozen and speechless. What the fuck is going on? I asked in my inner monologue. 

"..that girl, Maria.. She came and told me everything.. Oh god, sweetie. I'm so sorry, I should've listened to you, instead I've been treating you like crap all this time" she said, now fully crying. 

I still couldn't speak. Maria actually told her the truth? Holy shit, I thought. 

"..please, forgive me honey.." she said through her sobs. 
