 This is part 4 of High School Harem. I hope the wait wasn't too long. I was going to start this off with an apology for the cliffhanger at the end of the previous entry, but I find myself surprised by how well received it was. I was under the impression that most people don't care for cliffhangers, but I put one in anyways because I felt this next portion of the story wouldn't fit right in the last chapter. So I must thank those of you who didn't mind the cliffhanger. Though, I will also apologize to anyone who didn't care for it.

Anyways, this chapter picks up right where the last one left off and due to that, the action so to speak, kicks off rather quickly. Since the "action" is pretty near the beginning, the rest of this portion of the story will be dedicated to furthering the plot, so I hope you don't mind. From the beginning, I never meant for this to be a full-on erotic story with sex every five seconds. I am actually aiming to tell a somewhat engaging story here, with some sex thrown in here and there to spice things up of course.

Just a fair warning, this chapter gets a little dour towards the end. Don't worry though, it's all for the sake of the plot. I really wanted to turn up the drama with this one, hope you don't mind.

As usual, I appreciate any and all feedback and encourage you to give me your thoughts. I only ask that you're not hyper-critical, I never claimed to be a great writer, I only do the best I can and apologize for any spelling and/or grammar mistakes you may find.

 All characters in this story are above the age of 18.



We had been caught.

As far as I could figure, the coach had lured me to the locker room using Amanda's phone. Either way, there I was standing in the volleyball coach's office, my face surely twisted in horror, as she played surveillance footage on her computer. Amanda continued to sit and stare at the floor, I couldn't see her face, but I imagined she had similar look to me. Meanwhile, the coach just sat back in her chair, staring daggers at me as she let the clips play.

My whole world was slowing burning down around me. It was like the bullshit in my old school all over again. I was silently hoping and praying that I would wake from this horrible nightmare, but alas, this was reality, there was no solace. 

How could I have been so stupid? I continuously questioned myself. I made all the same kind of mistakes I'd made back in my old school. To be honest, I wanted nothing more than to turn tail and run, jump in my mother's car and drive as far away from this place as possible. But I knew better now, there was no escaping this.

Then another thought finally crossed my mind. Why the fuck were there surveillance cameras in a locker room? I mean, aren't there supposed to be laws against that? Could I use this revelation as leverage to get out of trouble?

"Care to explain all this?" the coach finally broke the silence, gesturing to the screen.

No, I couldn't explain it. There was no explanation to give, it all just kind of happened.

"Alright, Amanda, you can leave now." she said, looking to Amanda.

Amanda silently and hesitantly rose from her seat and left the office. Then it was just me and the coach, and honestly it was a bit worrisome. I mean, what the hell was gonna happen now? I waited in fear.

"Now then, go ahead and take a seat. I wanna have a little chat." she said in an authoritative tone.

I promptly obeyed and took a seat in front of her desk, awaiting what was surely going to be a long inflammatory lecture.

"So, you're the headmistress's son, Alan, huh?" she asked.

I nodded my head, still nervous to even look this woman in the eye.

"Well, don't think that earns you any special treatment." she added.

I never expected it would. But honestly, I would've done just about anything to have my mom come and rescue me. I knew there was no chance of that, but hey, a guy can hope, right?

The coach then stood up from her chair and walked around to the front her desk.

"Enrolling a boy in this school, what was that woman thinking? I knew it was only a matter of time before something like this happened." she said, sounding strangely proud of herself as she leaned her butt against the edge of desk, looking down on me.

I wanted to jump to my mothers defense upon hearing her be disparaged like that, but something kept me from speaking. I looked up at the woman towering over me, and I couldn't help but notice how attractive she looked from this angle. Was I attracted to powerful women?

Coach Jones, Valerie was her first name I think, she was actually quite beautiful. She was a tall black woman, probably in her mid to late 30s. She had long black wavy hair that she wore in a ponytail almost all the time. Her body was curvy, yet still had an athletic build. Her usual outfit around campus was a t-shirt with the school's name on it, a pair of short gym shorts, and a pair tennis shoes. I could tell that hidden beneath that shirt was a sizable rack, double-d at the very least. And those shorts did little to conceal her big round firm ass. Honestly I don't know why I'd never taken notice of her before. She was without a doubt a sexy woman, but also had quite the imposing image as well. Her whole vibe was rather authoritarian. I didn't know whether to be turned on or scared, perhaps a mixture of both.

"There's only one solution I can see to this problem." she started speaking again, dragging me away from my thoughts.

I continued staring up at her as she spoke, still frozen in silence and fear.

"I know I should report this to your mother and the rest of the faculty." she said.

I was aready filled with worry, but upon hearing that, I began to shake.

"That would of course result in your expulsion, which doesn't bother me, as the problem would be solved." she continued.

My head was immediately overflown with horrific thoughts of me being kicked out of yet another school. Sure, my mother had already apologized for how she'd treated me after the bullshit from before, but if I was expelled from another school, her school to be make it even worse, then she'd certainly disown me.

"But, that would also mean the girls getting expelled. I like those girls, it ain't right for them to dragged down because of you." she went on, sounding a little angry.

That's when the guilt set in. Forget what would happen to me, the girls' names would be dragged through the mud and their futures ruined, all because I'm a horny little piece of shit who couldn't keep his dick in his pants.

"So I came up with an even better idea." she said, her frown slowly turning to a mischievous grin.

I looked up at her with a look of confusion on my face. A better idea? I repeated that part in my head. What the hell was she thinking?

Without saying anything further, Coach Jones walked around behind me. I grew even more confused when she shut the door to her office and locked, she then proceeded to close the blinds on her office windows before returning to her desk, that sly grin still on her face.

"While I was going over that footage, I happened to notice that you got a pretty decent sized dick. So go ahead and whip that thing out for me, I wanna see it with my own eyes." she said, her deep beautiful brown eyes dropping directly to my already bulging crotch.

My eyes grew wide and my jaw hit the floor. I wasn't all too sure I'd heard her right.

"You heard me, boy. Take that thing out." she said in a commanding tone.

For whatever reason, I couldn't disobey her. The next thing I knew, I was standing up from the chair I was sitting in. Standing now, I noticed that even with the way she was leaning against her desk, she was still a few inches taller than me. As if driven by an outside force, my hands seemed to move on their own as I began to undo my pants. She stared at my crotch, her head nodding slowly, as I unbuttoned and unzipped my pants. Still unsure that I was even controlling my own actions, I then pulled down my pants and boxers in one motion, freeing my already rock hard erection.

"mmm.. you're pretty well hung, for a white boy. I see why them girls were so crazy for you." she said, looking at my cock.

I nervously blushed at her compliment. Though, I suppose I was also a bit offended that she inferred the girls' interest in me was based on my endowment. After all, I was certain that at least Molly and I shared a real connection that went beyond the physical. Of course, I also saw the irony in that. I mean, there I was thinking about my feelings for Molly, yet I was standing before her volleyball coach exposing myself and on top of that the only reason I'd come to the locker room in the first place was to have sex with one of Molly's best friends, like I'd already done numerous times before with her friends. Talk about some fucked up irony.

I was still extremely confused by the whole situation. I stood there, frozen, with my hard cock exposed as Coach Jones just stared at it slowly nodding her head. What the hell was she thinking? I kept asking myself. I would've given anything to know, and I was soon to get my answer.

"I think it's only fair if we see how well you can use that thing." the coach finally spoke again.

What's that supposed to mean? I asked myself. She saw the surveillance footage, so I'm pretty sure she's already seen how well I can use it.

"Yeah, let's see if you're as good a fuck as those girls seem to think you are." she said.

Before I could even react to her statement, she began removing her t-shirt, exposing a sexy black lacy bra. It was beginning to be increasingly more difficult to feel confused and uneasy with the enticing image that stood before me.

Coach Jones then reached behind her back and unclasped the bra, letting the straps slowly slide off of her shoulders. The bra fell to the floor revealing a perfectly symmetrical pair of gigantic light chocolate globes. Each breast was capped with large areolas, that were of a darker shade of brown than the skin surrounding them. Protruding from her areolas were her perky nipples, they reminded me of Hershey Kisses, but less pointy obviously. 

I'd never been with a black girl, never had anything against the idea, just never really thought about it much. But god damn, I was so turned on by the half-naked beauty in front of me. I wanted nothing more than to grab her and start sucking on those chocolate nipples.

I watched as her big juicy tits jiggled with every slight movement she made. I could no longer hold back, finally overcome by lust, my baser instincts took over. I quickly took a step towards her and just about dove into her rack. I immediately began ferociously kissing and licking all over those glorious mounds. I found one of her nipples and latched onto it, sucking the erect nub into my mouth. I was like a man possessed.

"oooh damn, I love that enthusiasm" she said.

She let a moan as I sucked on her nipples, switching back and forth between the two. I continued sucking on her nipples until I was satisfied. I then removed my mouth from her breasts and began trailing kisses down her firm milky chocolate abdomen. I was ready for the main course. And judging by her moans, so was she. I kissed down to her belly button and stopped just above her shorts.

"Well don't stop now." Coach Jones said.

Not that I needed the extra encouragement, but it did help. I hooked my fingers in the waistband of her shorts and began pulling them down past her hips and voluptuous ass, revealing a pair panties that matched the black lacy bra. She removed the shorts the rest of the way, pulling them down her legs and past her shoes. I then hooked my fingers into the waistband of her panties and pulled them down as well, where they became bunched up at her ankles, her shoes keeping them from coming off the rest of the way. I took a moment admire her as she worked the panties over her shoes. I marvelled at her curvaceous light chocolate ass jiggling with each movement she made. Her crotch was bare and her pussy looked as though it had never been touched.

Coach Jones sat on her desk and leaned back, planting her hands behind her to brace herself. 

"Alright, enough foreplay, let's see just how good a fuck you are." she said in a weird mix of commanding and seductive tone.

The whole seductive authoritarian thing was certainly working for her. I let my pants and boxers fall down around my ankles and quickly worked them over my shoes. I stepped out of them and took a step closer to my prize as she spread her legs to invite me. I grabbed her hips and began smearing the tip of my rock hard cock along her juicy wet slit. The outsides of her pussy lips were a slightly darker shade of brown, but as my cock parted her lips I saw that the inside was just as pink as any other girl's pussy. She yelped as I shoved my cock into her dripping wet hole.

"oooh.. damn, that is one big dick" she said in surprise as she felt my thickness enter her love canal.

To my surprise, she was tight. Either way, it felt good to complimented by her and it urged me on. I began driving my cock into her pussy as it slowly loosened to accept more of me. She moaned as inch after inch of my hard on dissappeared into her tight wet snatch. Before long I'd bottomed out in her.

"Come on, white boy. Fuck me!" she exclaimed.

It was odd being called white boy in the middle of sex, but I've got to admit, it turned me on. I pulled out almost all the way, then slammed my cock back into her pussy fast and hard. I repeated that several more times, each time increasing my speed and force until I was thrusting in and out of her pussy as fast and hard as I could. Coach Jones responded to all this by moaning and squeeling at the top of her lungs.

"oh fuck! Fuck me! Fuck me!" she yelled, lost in the throes of pleasure.

That's not to say I wasn't just as lost. I drilled away at her like a savage beast. The only sounds were that of her moaning and yelling, my heavy breathing, and the ambient sounds of our respective sexual organs clashing. Honestly, I knew I wasn't going to last much longer, and I hoped she was close as well.

I was beginning to feel exhausted as I kept the same pace for an extended period. But I never slowed, after all, the sensation of her warm wet pussy pulsating around my shaft with each thrust felt way too good to stop.

"Oh fuck! I'm cumming!" Coach Jones finally yelled.

She wrapped her muscular legs around my back and held me deep inside her as her hot fluids washed over my cock. Her body began to spasm and that was all I could take before I began erupting a fountain of my seed into her.

Neither of us took any time to revel in the afterglow, as both of us knew what this was about, it was sex and nothing more. She began putting her clothes back on and I did the same, both of us remained silent the whole time. Which gave me just enough time to realize how wrong this all was. I'd just had sex with the volleyball coach in her office, not only that, I noticed the ring on her finger. I'd participated in adultery, that startling revelation sent an immediate guilt washing over me. I quickly finished getting dressed then made for the door, hoping she wouldn't say anything.

"Oh, by the way, I got your number from Amanda's phone. Expect to hear from me again." she said with a self-satisfied smile.

I had nothing to say to that, I just left her office in a hurry. And when I exited the locker room into the gym, I almost broke out in a sprint to the exit across the gym. 

I tried to keep my composure as I made the long stroll across campus. I walked, filled with a sense of dread and guilt, and shame. What the fuck? I questioned myself over and over again, never able to form an answer. This is all so fucked, I said to myself. How could I ever let things get so out of hand? I was driving myself mad.

I then received a text on my phone, momentarily drawing me away from the chaos that was my mind. I digged the phone out of my pocket and checked it, the text was from Molly.

Hey, I just heard from Amanda, what the hell happened exactly? Is everything alright?

To be honest, I didn't have a good answer for her, I knew she was just concerned for me and I wanted more than anything to put her at ease, but I didn't know how. However, this was one issue that couldn't be ignored, I have learned from at least one of my mistakes. I quickly replied to the text after some thought.

Gather the others and meet me in my room, I'm on my way there now, I'll explain everything then.

It was finally time that I sat down with the girls and discussed things, I could not put this off any longer. I of course, worried that with the current circumstances this meeting with the girls could result in the end of our little "thing" but I also knew how dire it was that we all talk.

Ok, we'll be there.

Molly promptly replied to the text. Luckily, with the time being barely noon, it wouldn't be overly suspicious for the girls to be hanging out in my room, so that was one bright side.

I continued making my way to the dorm, trying to get my thoughts in order. Trying to figure out exactly what it was I was going to say to the girls. I'd arranged the meeting, but I hadn't really thought much beyond that. In all honesty, I knew that calling the whole harem thing off was probably for the best, to avoid further incident, but that was the last thing I wanted. I especially didn't want to damage things with Molly.

When I finally got to my dorm room, Molly and the others were already waiting in the hall, talking amongst themselves, they all looked just as worried as I felt. As I walked up to them, they all greeted me with concerned looks, Amanda still couldn't even look at me. I immediately wanted to put them all at ease, but again, I didn't know what to say. And I didn't want to lie to them and tell them everything would okay, after all I didn't even know myself if things were really going to be okay.

Deciding not to say anything, I unlocked and opened my door, and gestured for them to follow me in. I shut the door behind us, also checking to make sure nobody saw us, just in case. When I turned around to face the room, I saw that the girls had all taken a seat on my bed, so I walked over and sat in my computer chair and spinned in it to face them.

I sat there looking at them, with them looking back at me. The room was dead silent, I was halfway tempted to turn on some music just to ease the tension a bit, but this was not the time for levity. This was serious and needed to be treated as such. I opted instead to get my thoughts in order. I knew that with how close they all were, they'd surely heard from Amanda about the volleyball coach.

"Alright, so I'm assuming you've all heard from Amanda, about us being caught?" I asked just to clarify.

Erin and Katie both nodded in the afirmative, confirming my assumption. Amanda's face turned blood red as she stared at the floor, obviously a nervous wreck. I was just as nervous as she, but I decided that I should at least appear to be strong, for their sake.

"Yeah, but what's gonna happen? How bad is it?" Molly asked, sounding and looking concerned.

Seeing how clearly not okay Amanda was, I knew that I needed to say something to ease her torment a little. I mean, she looked absolutely crushed with guilt. After all, Coach Jones had pretty much used her to lure me into a trap, how could she not feel guilty?

"I'll get to that in a sec, but first, Amanda, I know you're probably blaming yourself for all this. Don't, it's not your fault. And I'm sure none of us here blame you." I said.

The other 3 girls all chimed in as well, giving her hugs and reassurning her. 

"I mean, how were any of us supposed to know there were cameras in the locker room?" I continued.

Molly, Erin, and Katie nodded in agreement as they continued to console their friend. It actually made me a bit envious seeing how much they all cared about one another. I never had friends like that, all mine turned their backs on me.
