 "I'm really sorry, but I have to work." Sandy was sitting on the bed, putting her heels back on as he spoke. He slipped his hands into his pockets.

"I know." He watched the cascade of her black curls as she moved, face turned away. She wasn't looking at him.

"Sandy." He didn't know what to say, but he couldn't let her leave upset. "Please, just don't take this the wrong way. I'm here for work, and I have to be available at all times. I'm really glad I ran into you." She looked up at him.

"Tyler. We just met after ten years. It's fine. You don't owe me anything." Her voice was cool, melodic. Distant.

"I just—I feel like I'm being an asshole, running you out of here. And I don't want to be an asshole to you."

She stood, walked toward him, stood on her tiptoes and kissed his cheek gently. "See ya, Robot." He twined his fingers around hers, held on as she turned away.

"Sandy." She stopped, head turned away, body angled toward him. Her fingers slack in his. "Don't go."

As she glanced back at him, he caught a glimpse of her brown eyes, bright and liquid. Then her fingers slid from his, and the door shut behind her.

Tyler slid his hands through already tousled hair. He was seated on the couch in his suite, shirt unbuttoned and rumpled, tie and shoes discarded. His laptop nestled in his lap. He had been working feverishly since Sandy left. Dawn was just beginning to stain the horizon by the time he was finished. His phone lay on the end table, silent. He hadn't even asked for her phone number.

***

That night, Sandy couldn't sleep. She kept tossing and turning, until finally she gave up on the idea of sleeping and went out on the balcony. It was almost dawn, and the city was peaceful, the day just beginning for some, ending for a select few, night still blanketing the dreams of many. She'd only been outside for what seemed a couple minutes when she heard a soft tapping, repeated on her door. She walked back into the room and looked through the peephole. At 4AM, she definitely wasn't expecting visitors. Tye was standing there, still in his shirtsleeves, no tie, eyes slightly bloodshot. She opened the door as he ran his palm over his short black hair.

"Hey."

"Hey. Can I come in?" His voice was gravelly from alcohol and lack of sleep. She found it unbearably sexy, and turned away.

"Would you like a glass of water?"

"Sandy. I just—I wanted to say sorry. About earlier."

"Can we talk about something else?" She could feel her nerves beginning to fray from exhaustion, and didn't want the night to get unpleasant. He looked at her, sudden awareness of the time dawning on his face.

"Oh—were you sleeping?" He had the grace to look guilty.

"Couldn't." She set the glass down and looked at him.

"Want to go for a walk?" He said. 

"It's four in the morning." 

"So? I'm awake, you're awake, it's not like the sidewalk disappears until the sun rises or anything..." he trailed off, quirking an eyebrow comically in her direction. She rolled her eyes. "Sandy. I really am sorry about earlier."

"Yeah, Robot. Sure. Whatever." She pulled a long cardigan, blue jeans and slipped on a pair of patent leather flats. "Where do you want to go?"

"Hmm. Dunno." He offered her his arm, and she shook her head.

"Silly."

"Chivalry," he smiled down at her. She took his arm.

"Okay."

Outside the moon was out, a sliver, the sky not completely black, and night breeze nipping at Sandy's face. Her palm was warm, resting on Tyler's muscular forearm. She slipped her other hand into her pocket and turned her face up to the sky. The cool air soothed her, slowing the frantic pace of her sleep-starved mind.

As they strolled past one of the city's many theatres, Tyler looked down at her and said, "In faith, lady, you have a merry heart." Sandy gasped.

"The play?? I can't believe you remember that."

"How could I forget? You were my first on-stage kiss."

"We weren't supposed to kiss in that scene..."

"I know."

Sandy looked up at him from under her eyelashes. They were strolling toward the water, and Tye stopped and turned to her.

One hand gently tipped her chin up. Sandy tried to remind herself to step back, to put some distance between them, something, anything. But her body rebelled, and she found herself kissing him back. Hesitantly at first, but soon she found herself relaxing, his arms encircled her, caressing her back, and she pulled away.

"Tye." She tried to catch her breath. "I thought we were supposed to be walking?"

He grinned, somewhat lopsidedly, and relaxed his arms, moving back to her side.

"Anything the lady desires." 

Sandy rolled her eyes, but put her arm through his. They continued to the wharf, and as she stared across the quiet waters, she could see the lights of a few lone ships, navigating their way across the grey waters. Tye slid an arm around her shoulders, and she shivered.

"Cold?" He asked.

"No. Just...I haven't done this before. It's beautiful." She leaned into him, body pressed up against his for the second time, and she felt her heat skip a beat. "I thought about you," she said, quietly. This time, when he turned to look at her, she kissed him, pressing her body against his, enjoying the feeling as heat blossomed between her thighs. His palms slid under her long cardigan, resting on the curve of her back, and she moaned.

"Do you want to go back?" He murmured, lips traversing her sensitive neckline.

"I want you to touch me." All rational thought fled as he pushed her shirt up to touch her bare flesh.

"Like this?" His mouth pressed against hers again as he stroked her breasts, thumbs against her nipples. Sandy moaned,

"Yes..."

She arched her back, pressing her breasts into his hands. The pads of his fingers were rough, and each time he caressed her nipples she shuddered with pleasure. Just as she was about to lose all sense of decorum, and ask him to make love to her right there, he pulled back. Sandy smothered a sigh of disappointment. His forehead met hers, and he exhaled, slowly.

"You know, sometimes you make it really difficult for me to act rationally." He smiled at her, his eyes dark and intense. He stuffed one hand in his pocket.

"Let's go back." He said, taking her hand in his. Sandy leaned against him, trying to suppress the haze of desire that was threatening to consume her. She forced her legs to move forward, and concentrated on walking. Back in the hotel lobby, he headed to the elevator, still not letting go of her hand.

As soon as the doors shut, their bodies met. Her lips were on his, his hands were all over her. For a moment, she wasn't sure where she began and he ended. His hands cupped her butt, pulled her up and against him, as he kissed her. This time, the kiss wasn't soft and sweet. It was hot, wet, and desire lanced through her body. She shivered, and pushed her hands under his shirt. His hand went to the apex of her thighs, caressing her through her pants.

"You're so soft," he said, tongue brushing the inside of her mouth, making her tremble. His hands dug into the flesh of her sides. His brown eyes had darkened, and he was looking at her with an intensity that made her want to moan. The elevator dinged on his floor, and they pulled apart reluctantly. "You should, um, you should see the sunrise from my balcony." Tyler said. Sandy grasped his hand, and said,

"I bet it's beautiful."

"Stunning." His eyes didn't leave her face.

It took him a moment to open the door to his room, he was having some trouble with his keycard. Sandy giggled, she was pressed up against him, kissing his neck. He took a deep breath. "If you don't stop that I'm never going to get this door open." The light blinked green on his last word, and he drew her into the room like a man on a mission. As soon as the door shut, he pressed her up against it, and she tore at his clothes. She pulled his shirt off, hands delightedly exploring his warm skin. Her shirt came off with his, and as he removed her bra, he kissed each breast, gently. "You're so gorgeous. You know that?" He said, eyes meeting hers. She couldn't help it. She blushed. She didn't know what to say, so instead, she kissed him. He was pulling off her pants then, and his hand went to her apex of her thighs, fingers brushing gently against her swollen clit. She was already so wet, his finger just slid slickly over it, sending frissons of pleasure through her body. He pushed his middle finger into her vagina, pulled her toward him with the other hand. She gasped into his mouth and pressed against his hand. He added another finger, slowly, so slowly. The slow sweet friction made her legs tremble, and she reached out, holding onto his arms and trying to control her legs, moaning uncontrollably.

"I want you naked." He growled in her ear. She was already pulling his shirt up. He removed his briefs, until they were finally, skin to skin, again. She moaned, legs spreading helplessly. His hands roamed her body, and she pressed herself into him. He stopped to savor her breasts, kissing and caressing. When he pressed his hand against her vagina again, the sound she made was loud and sweet. She was lying open to him, head thrown back, hands roaming his muscular chest. He kissed her, hard, and then moved down to kiss her between her legs. "Tyler!" She exhaled his name excitedly as he laved her clit with his tongue. He pushed her legs up, and kissed her everywhere. He moved back up and kissed her, hard, palms moving in slow circles against her nipples. She pushed him back, until she was astride him. She pressed her wetness against the tip of his cock, and he groaned. She slowly moved her body lower. His hands moved against her hips, pulling her down until the whole length of him was clenched inside her.

"Impatience," she chuckled, and then gasped, as he moved within her. She leaned down to kiss him, moving her hips in tandem with his. Tyler had hold of her hips again, and was guiding her so passionately, so firmly, she wanted to scream her pleasure. But instead she braced herself against his chest and threw her head back, rolling her hips against his urgently. Suddenly he flipped her over onto her back, pushing her legs back over his shoulders. As he sank into her even more deeply, she lost control and screamed her release, legs quivering against his shoulders. He slowed, resting his forehead against hers, breathing deeply.

"Sorry. You okay?" He gasped, breathing hard.

"Yes, don't stop." She moaned, grasping his back and pulling him against her. Her vagina was grasping his cock like a silken vice, and as she tightened around him again, he groaned, pressing his forehead against hers in an effort to retain control. At that, he started moving his hips again, until the sound of flesh against flesh filled the room, and she was wet and quivering all over again. He roared his completion, and buried his face in her hair. They lay still intertwined, breathing hard.

"You don't know what you do to me," he said, as he slowly readjusted himself. She shuddered with the slide of flesh against flesh as his cock slid out of her, and he lay next to her. He pulled her against him, and kissed her. 

They ordered breakfast, and made love one more time before she had to leave to catch a plane to her home in Chicago. Tyler kissed her good bye so slowly and so sweetly, she left her shoes in his room and walked halfway to hers barefoot before she realized and went back, so he kissed her again.

Sandy strode toward in the check-in line, replaying the events of the trip. She smiled, thinking of Tyler. They had programmed their numbers into each other's phones, and promised to stay in touch. She knew how those promises went, but thinking about losing touch with Tyler again made her sad.

She was walking briskly, when a tall blond man in a suit stepped in her way. Sandy tried to avoid him, but ended up tripping over his baggage. He caught her as she fell, and pulled her upright.

"Are you all right??" He asked, still holding onto her elbow.

"Yes I'm sorry, I wasn't paying attention." He looked down at her, and smiled, bright blue eyes twinkling.

"Completely my fault. You'll allow me to make amends?" He had a slight accent but she couldn't place it. 

"Oh no, it's okay," she smiled at him, and he extended an elbow. 

"Please, I won't be able to live with myself if I know I've wronged a lady as lovely as yourself. Let me at least buy you a drink." Sandy laughed at his over the top statement.

"Okay, but I have to check in first," she said. He reached over and picked up her bag, looking at the name tag.

"Sandy? Beautiful name for a beautiful woman." He smiled at her, but she was thinking of Tyler. You're beautiful you know. The man in front of her was speaking. Sandy mentally shook herself.

"Sorry, what did you say?"

"My name is Maruc." 

"Pleased to meet you Maruc."

"The pleasure is all mine." And with a slightly predatory smile, he pressed her hand against his lips. She laughed and shook her head at him as she reached for her bags, but he had already picked them up.

"Allow me," he said, and walked her toward the first class check in. She was flying business class, but the first class attendants didn't seem to mind as they checked her ID and her luggage. After check-in, she let him lead her into the first class lounge. She'd never flown first class, so she was taken aback as they walked into the lounge. Plush chairs in mahogany and gold hues were lined up against a wall covered in old world tapestry. A bar was against the far left wall, and Maruc walked over, pulling out a bar stool for her.

"What would you like to drink?"

"Whiskey. Neat." Maruc looked surprised, but hid it well.

"Do you have a preference for brand?"

"I do, but why don't you surprise me?"

"Is this a challenge?" He smiled at her.

"Maybe more of a test." She smiled back at him, showing her teeth. He threw back his head and laughed, waving the bartender over.

"Two Makers. Neat."

Sandy rolled her carry-on between the bar stools and sat down.

"Did I pass?" Maruc looked so worried Sandy laughed again. The bartender brought over their drinks, and Maruc lifted his. "To challenges." 

"To tests." Sandy clinked her glass against his and took a sip. The full-bodied flavor washed over her tongue, and she savored its heady warmth as it traveled down her throat. She glanced up, and noticed Maruc was watching her intently. He leaned over and whispered in her ear,

"I like a lady that appreciates her whiskey." Sandy looked up into his face was relaxed and smiling, except for his eyes, which were like shards of ice. She shivered and looked away, taking another sip of her drink.

"Maruc, I think you should know-I have a boyfriend." The lie slid off her tongue, and he didn't even look surprised.

"Sandy my dear, I'm sorry if I've made you uncomfortable. The truth is, I'm gay."

"Oh." Sandy suddenly felt like a jerk for all the assumptions she'd made.

Maruc raised his glass.

"So, you're perfectly safe with me." He drained his drink. "Another?"

Sandy was sitting next to Maruc in first class, with a splitting headache. He smiled over at her, and placed his hand over hers. "Why didn't you tell me you couldn't handle your alcohol?"

"Thank you so much for the seat upgrade," she said. "I'm so glad I don't have to sit in coach with this headache." She pulled some aspirin out of her bag, and swallowed it with a sip of water.

"Good thing I know the pilot." He winked at her. Sandy rolled her eyes.

"I can't believe I did that, usually I have a much higher tolerance."

"Don't worry, I've got everything well in hand." He patted her hand again, and turned back to the movie he'd been watching. Suddenly the plane dipped forward, making Sandy gasp and grab the hand rests.

"Ladies and gentlemen," the voice of the head stewardess filtered through the airplane speakers. "The captain has turned on the fasten seatbelt sign. We'll be experiencing some mild turbulence. Please return to your seats and fasten your seat belts until later notice." Sandy leaned back and tried to relax. The plane was just shaking slightly, so it seemed the worst of the turbulence was over. Maruc was still making his way down the aisle. As neared her, he gave her a mildly rueful smile.

"That was exciting."

"Yes. I really like boring plane rides, myself." She responded. He laughed, and sat down, buckling his seat belt.

"You can say that again."

Sandy smiled, and turned her attention back to the show the turbulence had interrupted. As she reached down to adjust her earphones, she heard a strange groaning sound. She straightened up, and noticed Maruc looking around as well. "Did you hear that?"

He opened his mouth to respond, but was interrupted by a much louder groaning sound, that ended with a serious of loud pops. She was still looking at him when the plane suddenly bucked, dipped, and with a sickening twist, rolled hard to the left.

The last thing Sandy remembered was watching Maruc's face, his mouth open in a scream drowned out by the roar of engines. The air suddenly became cold, Maruc grabbed her arm, fingers squeezing into her flesh, and then she felt wind on her face.