  This is the second installment of the High Seas Adventures. It follows two characters originally set up in the first story. While you should be able to enjoy the story on its own merits, it will make more sense if you go back and read Chapter One first. Ch.1 Covers Saturday through Sunday. This covers Monday.

Monday:

It was after midnight when Ray finally fell asleep in the hammock on deck. It had been his watch, and he knew that Jake would not be leaving Allison's stateroom anytime soon. He has secured the boat for the night, and everything was ready fro him to catch a short snooze before waking the girls up for the next day's adventures.

They were anchored fifty yards out from the reef, in deeper water, since the ship was too big to get in close. They had a small inflatable dinghy, with a 25 horsepower outboard, and that would take them over to the reef the next day. Initially, they had anchored closer, but winds and currents were picking up, and Jake hadn't wanted to be that close if the anchor broke for some reason or another. 

The water lapped at the sides of the ship, and the constant noise put Ray into a trance as he lay on his back, looking up at the stars. He was almost completely asleep when he felt the presence of another person up on deck. He craned his neck up and saw a tall, thin shadow moving toward him. He knew it wasn't Allison, since she was down below with Jake, and it was too tall to be the petite Rachel. It had to be Kate or Amy.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to wake you up." It was Kate. She was dressed in a yellow sundress, and had her long blond hair pulled up into a hair clip. It was too dark for Ray to see if she had anything on underneath the dress.

"No worries Kate," Ray said, sitting up. "I was just looking up at the stars." He motioned for her to sit next to him. "Here, come join me."

"Thanks. It's so beautiful and peaceful out here at night. I don't think I've ever seen so many stars before."

"Yeah, I love sleeping up on deck when we're out here. No light pollution, so you can really see everything." He slid over on the rough fabric, allowing her to gingerly place her butt next to his. The boat shifted in the current, and they both slid towards the middle of the hammock, their bare legs touching. The feel of naked skin touching, together with the chill in the night air, made Kate's skin shiver. "Are you warm enough Kate?"

"Just a bit cold out here in the wind. I'm fine though." She crossed her arms under her chest, pushing her tits up, and exposing more flesh in the slit in her dress.

"Here, I have a blanket out here." He reached behind him and grabbed the small fleece cover. He placed it around her shoulders, and kept his arm wrapped around her. She pulled the blanket across her chest, covering up. Kate smiled. "Better?"

"Yes, much. Thanks." She shifted he weight a little bit. "Can I ask you a stupid question?" She giggled a little bit, then stifled it.

"Sure, anything." Ray smiled at her. "But I'm sure it's not as stupid as you might think."

Kate looked him in the eyes. "Do you ever get pirates out here? I mean, I know they're not like the movies with eye patches and parrots, but I heard that they are still active in these waters."

Ray smiled. "That's not a dumb question at all. The Caribbean still has its share of piracy, and you do have to be careful, but the Coast Guard and the Navy do a good job taking care of them. Personally, I have only ever seen one ship that I thought were pirates, but they were being arrested by the Coast Guard off the coast of Miami. We were sailing to the Virgin Islands, and we saw the whole thing go down. It was quite a sight, actually."

Kate seemed unconvinced. "But what about here? I mean this is a pretty big boat; obviously we'd be a prime target. It's just that this came to me all of a sudden that we have a lot of valuable stuff on board."

"Well, on the off chance that a pirate did find us, trust me, we have a few ways of protecting ourselves." 

Ray was thinking of the small weapons locker below, in the crew quarters. Only Jake had the keys, but he was pretty sure that he could break the lock in a real emergency. They had one AR-15, two 12-gauge shotguns, and two 9mm Glock 19s with about 50 rounds for each. It seemed like overkill, but Jake had been a sailor for a long time, and he knew that if they were attacked, it could be hours before a Coast Guard or Navy ship could reach them. He had decided on preparation, and stocked his weapons accordingly. The cache was supposed to be a secret to the passengers, but Ray didn't feel like he was betraying anything by being vague.

Kate seemed satisfied by that explanation, reading between the lines, and settled back farther into the hammock. A small idea planted itself into Ray's mind, and he leaned farther back himself. The fabric swayed like it was going to tip, and Ray sat back up, and caught Kate.

"Whoa, I guess we can't both lean that way. Here, I have an idea." Ray swung his legs to the other side, and lay lengthwise. He put his hands on Kate's shoulders, and guided her to lie beside him, with his arm around her. He flapped the blanket once, and let it settle on top of the both of them. Then they both put their heads back and stared up at the stars. 'That's better, isn't it?"

"Yeah, this is absolutely perfect." Kate sighed, and snuggled closer to Ray. She barely knew this guy, but it was such a perfect situation for her, she didn't feel the slightest bit awkward.

They lay there chatting about the stars for a few minutes; Ray pointed out some of his favorite constellations. Suddenly, a meteor streaked across the sky.

"Shooting star, make a wish." Ray pointed.

"Ummmm. Ok, done. Kate proclaimed. She looked Ray straight in his eyes. "Unfortunately, I cannot tell you what it was, or it won't come true."

Ray moved his head a few inches to the left to close the gap between their lips. Her face and lips were cold from the night air, but he could feel her hot breath blowing out towards him. Their lips met, and they remained like that for a few seconds before Ray withdrew. "Was it something like that?"

Kate smiled. "Well, you're on the right track. I think you'll just have to keep guessing until you get it right.

Ray moved back to kiss her again. This time, when their lips met, her mouth opened and his tongue was invited in. Their mouths were linked, their hot breath passing back and forth between them. Ray's right hand came up and cupped her head, massaging the top of her neck. 

"Mmmmm, getting warmer." Kate cooed, when their kiss broke momentarily. Ray began to kiss her neck, moving his lips from her cheek to the top of her throat, and back to her earlobe. He stopped there and nibbled for a few minutes until Kate let out another moan. 

Kate could feel the blood rushing through her body as Ray caresses her shoulders with his hands. She could sense her nipples hardening, and she was getting really worked up. For the second time that night she realized that she was doing something somewhat foreign to her, but couldn't help it because it felt so right.

Ray finally made the move from her shoulders to her breasts so deftly, that at first she didn't notice. His left arm was still underneath her, but his right was free to caress her mounds through the thin cotton fabric of her sundress. He now knew she wasn't wearing anything underneath, because he could feel her erect nipples poking back at him. He rubbed one in his fingers, softly pushing it to one side and then another. 

Kate's body continued to heat up. Her nipples were extremely sensitive, something she felt more than made up for her lack of a large chest. Waves of electricity shot through her body as this man played with her buttons. She felt the fabric move aside and her left tit felt the cold night air. It was quickly covered, not by her dress but by the palm of her lover as her continued to massage her. She dropped her hands to his waist, and felt for his cock.

Ray was wearing just a long sleeve T-shirt and athletic shorts, so she could feel him through the mesh. He wasn't fully hard yet, but she knew he was well on the way. She outlined his member through the shorts with her fingers, grasping at the head when she made a full revolution. A burst of blood filled him up and his dick sprang up to full attention. Subtly, she reached for the elastic, and pulled his throbbing shaft out of its restraining garments. Her hand was immediately met with his manhood. Stretching out over six inches, she guessed, and wide enough for her, she was pleased with what she found.

Ray felt the energy building up in him as this beautiful blond played with his now pulsing cock. He was happy with how things were going, and decided that he needed to taste her skin. He pushed his head down and brought his lips to her nipple, sucking gently. His tongue picked up where his fingers had been, gently massaging and squeezing her pleasure button. He brought his other hand around her neck, and took it all the way down to the bottom of her dress. Slowly, he raised the hem until he felt the body heat between her legs. The chilly night air had no effect in here, and his fingers stroked the insides of her thighs.

As his hands moved down her sides, Kate started to stroke him, very slowly at first. Her hand started out at the head of his dick, slowly working its way down to the base of his shaft, and then around to his balls. She took each one in her hand, and gave it a gentle squeeze. Her fingers moved back up around the thick shaft, and she moved them up and down in an easy rhythm. Her fingers were loose, her touch was light, but with every movement, his sensation got stronger.

Ray's fingers stopped just short of her lower lips. He could sense she wanted them inside of her, but he wasn't quite ready to give it to her yet. When her pelvis slid closer to his hand, he finally gave in, and his index finger penetrated her inner lips. Her wetness was abundant, and he easily slipped in and out with only one finger. He could feel her muscles tightening, and he curved his finger upwards to the roof of her cave. With a slight twitch of his finger, her G-spot was located, stimulated, and placed on alert for more pleasure to come. Her body jerked when he found it, and Kate was surprised he located it so quickly.

Kate's brain was on overdrive, receiving pleasure from her nipples, clit, and pussy all at once. He breathing got faster, and her heart was racing. As Ray's finger continued to rub her in all the right places, she felt a wave of pleasure swell up inside of her. When his thumb hit her clit again, the wave crashed over her, and her whole body shook in an intense orgasm. She got even wetter, and now she craved him more than ever. Guiding his penis out of his shorts completely, she pulled them down and out of the way. Her free hand softly pulled his fingers away, and she hoped he would get the message.

Ray knew he was getting clear signals, and he guided his rock hard cock into her glistening slit. He'd already spread some of her juices on the lips to make this whole part easier, and the tip of his dick slid in easily. He paused, teasing her, then slowly inserted the rest of the shaft all the way to the hilt.

"OH!" Kate let out a short burst of air. Ray knew he was on the right track. He slowly rotated his hips, pulling the rod almost all the way out. When he reached the edge, he pushed back in harder but deliberately. "Mmnnnnnnn." Kate moaned again.

Ray built up the pace as he plunged himself deep inside of her tight pussy. He knew she wasn't a virgin, but she had obviously not been with many big guys. Her muscles clamped down on him as he pushed his way inside of her, thrusting as hard as he could now. Kate felt another wave of pleasure hit her, and she came for the second time.

Ray was pumping harder and harder, but as the moment that his pleasure his a peak, he paused for a second. Kate wasn't sure what he was waiting for, but offered up a solution. "Don't worry, I'm on the pill."

Ray continued his thrusting, evidently satisfied with her statement. As she felt yet another wave of hot energy flow through her, his body pulsed, and his cock spasm'd. His seed spilled into her filling her up. He kissed her lips again as they lay there, panting in the cool night air. "Was that more along the lines of what you wished for?" He asked.

"Yes, I think you got the picture." Kate put her arms around his shoulders, and he put his at her waist. The continued kissing for another minute before both succumbed to exhaustion and they fell asleep in each other's arms.

**********************************************

The next morning, Ray and Kate went below for breakfast, only to find Amy and Rachel already up and showered. Both were still wearing robes, but neither one would say why they were up so early, so they let it go. Allison came out a few minutes later, towing Jake by the hand. Ray wasn't sure whether or not Jake was just trying to fuck her, or if this was something more serious.

Jake took all four girls out to the reef in the dinghy, and Ray stayed behind to make dinner. They returned at dusk to find a wonderful compliment of Tuna steaks and Caesar salads. While nobody had too much to drink, everyone did drink their fill, and they agreed to call it an early night. When Jake had secured the boat for the evening, he joined Allison in her cabin for what could only loosely be described as "sleep."

Ray was about to turn into the crew quarters, when he saw Kate standing in the main salon in a small t-shirt. He couldn't see if she was wearing panties, but he was dying to find out. She walked over to him, and without a word, led him back to her cabin. He never saw what happened to Amy and Rachel, but assumed that they would get to bed eventually.

****************************************************

Look for the next chapter coming soon. The next chapter will cover Tuesday and Wednesday. I welcome all ideas and feedback. If you have criticism, please try to keep it constructive, or else take it somewhere else.