 Nicole walked briskly home in the cool night air, a slight breeze rolling over her bare legs, embarrassed by her friend's earlier public confrontation at the party. She thought to herself about why she did it, and why she enjoyed the feeling of taking money for sex. Sex had become almost second nature – a compulsion, something that she was always headed towards. And worse yet – the fact she was further compelled to have her partners cum all over her just made it even more degrading.

Nicole reflected on her sexual deviousness all the way home, heading through the kitchen door in the back in an attempt to hopefully avoid her father asking why she had come home early. She opened the door quietly and snuck in, noting the time on the oven as not quite eleven o'clock. She had been gone for less than two hours. This thought was interrupted by the sounds of moaning coming from the other room.

Nicole sighed and walked to the end of the kitchen to peer out into the living room and saw exactly what she suspected – her dad, and his newest girl. Nicole tried to remember if this girl was new or the same one she "met" two weeks ago, as her father's head dipped back between her thighs. Her breasts were out as her trashy yellow dress was cinched around her waist, jutting out in a gravity defying fashion. "Looks like a D cup", Nicole thought to herself. "Or an E? This chick is bigger." The girl had on way too much makeup. She could have been a prostitute, but Nicole suspected it was just another wannabe actress on her way out. Nicole guessed she was about 25 years old. 

She leaned against the open doorframe in the kitchen as she continued to watch. She had a brief impulse to go upstairs to her room, until she realized she would have to walk past her father and his lover.

Nicole bit her lip as the floozie undid her father's pants while he stood up and tugged them down. She leaned in and took his cock in deep with one stroke, no hesitation. Nicole closed her eyes and sighed as she could not stop watching her dad get blown. Deep throating with disgusting slurping noises, her father took his cock out of her mouth and rubbed it softly on her lips. "Turn around," he commanded in his deep voice. "I'm going to fuck you in doggy."

She flipped around quickly, obeying her commands. Her ass was flat and unimpressive, by Nicole's impression. Very little jiggle to it as her father's hand smacked across it repeatedly. He opened a condom and threw the wrapper aside as he quickly and skillfully slid it over his dick before penetrating his fuck buddy. He slid right back out and spit down on his cock for lubrication before sliding it in again. Grabbing her hips with two hands he gradually sped up until he was pounding into her with willful abandon. Her moans were loud and repetitive, Nicole suspected they were put on for his amusement.

Nicole found her hand drifting towards her hardening nipples, tracing their outline through her shirt before reaching inside to touch them. She leaned hard against the door frame as she massaged her own breast, watching her father mounting a strange woman from behind. Their bodies smacked together, punctuated with extra slaps across her ass. Her face buried in the couch cushions, she held her backside up for her lover to use as he pleases.

Unable to maintain control, Nicole unbuttoned her short shorts and slid a hand down the front, finding her wet pussy and went straight for her swollen clit. She rubbed circles around her tender clit while watching the taboo sex show in front of her eyes. It wasn't long until she felt herself so aroused that she was approaching orgasm, despite the sensitivity from earlier activities. Just when she was going to finish herself off, the slapping sounds stopped. "Suck me off," he commanded, yanking the condom off and throwing it on the floor. He took a step back, forcing his girl to get down on her knees in front of him. She went right back into her noisy, sloppy blowjob routine as she fellated Nicole's father.

Nicole slowed her masturbation, prolonging her pleasure as she knew what was going to happen next. Her father's sexual compulsion, which had become her own, was sure to follow. She watched intently as the fake-titted woman sucked, slurped, and stroked her father's cock. He held her by the side of the head and hair while she worked. As she came up for air, he grabbed his own cock and took matters into his own hands. He stroked his dick inches away from the woman's face, grunting and groaning now more than he had when she was sucking him.

Nicole had a perfect vantage point, her father turned almost completely away from her, the strange woman looking up at her father but still visible. "Ready for your facial?" her father asked of his companion while he stroked off in her face.

"Mmhmm", the girl moaned. "Give it to me, daddy!" Her choice of dirty talk caused Nicole's heart to sink but sent her fingers into overdrive. Within seconds she was practically buckled over as she brought herself to orgasm, watching intently still as white strands of goo cascaded down on the stranger's upturned makeup-smeared face. She was covered in four thick lines going from her chin to her forehead and over her closed eyes, before the last few drops were smeared across her lips.

Nicole's orgasm lasted longer than her father's, as by the time she composed herself the cum-faced floozie had stood up and started to find her way to the bathroom. Nicole silently backed up to the outside kitchen door and went back outside as she fixed her shirt and shorts.

*****

While waiting outside, hidden on the side of the house waiting for her father's companion to leave, Nicole watched her neighbor's house, which was also the home of her best friend Jamie. She saw that there were no cars in the driveway, and only a beat up old Volvo parked on the street. She had seen that car before, but could not place it. Her sleuthing was interrupted by the casual goodbyes from the front door as the harlot finally left the premises.

After waiting a few minutes Nicole managed to get in the house undetected and made it to her room silently. She closed the door and checked her texts on her phone. Jamie still hadn't responded, wasn't on IM or Facebook and didn't answer a phone call. Nicole pouted, worried about upsetting her relationship with her best friend. 

She laid in bed staring at the ceiling contemplating life, but invariably fell into her routine. Every time she would get into bed, out comes the laptop and the porn. Off go the shorts and away she went. Forty five minutes later she was semi satisfied for the third time tonight but was still concerned about her status with Jamie. Fed up, she decided to march over there and apologize in person.

*****

Jamie answered the door wearing panties and a camisole, barely containing her generous cleavage. "What do you want." She asked sternly, giving Nicole a dirty look.

"I came to apologize," Nicole began. "Tim said he wasn't getting anywhere with you, and..." she paused. "Look, a bunch of excuses are rolling through my mind but I really just want to say I'm sorry. I did something really shitty and I'm sorry. I should not have messed around with someone you were interested in."

"He said that, huh?" Jamie responded folding her arms. "He's getting plenty of places. Just because we're not having sex doesn't mean we're not having fun and it DEFINITELY doesn't mean he's on the market."

Nicole nodded and apologized again. "Jame, I'm so sorry."

Jamie did her best to be mad but accepted her apology. Sighing, she said "It's OK. You make it hard to be mad at you, you know?" They hugged and Jamie finished her explanation. "Besides, I already settled things with Tim. I'm cool with him too."

Nicole broke the hug and stared at her friend. "What do you mean?"

"Well," Jamie continued, "I thought to myself, Tim likes Nicole. I want Tim to like me, but I'm not ready to lose it yet. So what would Nicole do?"

Nicole stood silent in the doorway of her friend's parents' house looking confused.

"I told him I'd blow him if he would be my boyfriend." Jamie smiled. "And he said yes!"

Nicole laughed and rolled her eyes. "Wow, really?" she said sarcastically. "Well, good for you. I'm glad at least that frontier is not closed for business." Nicole patted Jamie on the shoulder and looked back at the car on the street. "Is he here now?"

"Yep! He's in my room, my parents won't be back until tomorrow." Jamie turned and walked inside. "Are you coming in?" she asked her friend.

"Don't you need to get back upstairs?" Nicole said as she stepped inside closing the door.

"Oh, he came already. By the way, GROSS. I can't believe you let him cum on your face." Jamie made a sourpuss face at her friend.

Nicole blushed, and avoided eye contact. "Yeah well we don't all have two giant bullseyes for them to aim for. Besides, I like it... too much porn I guess."

Nicole's mind raced to her father's earlier encounter, daydreaming momentarily before making an excuse to get back to her room. "One more tonight, just a quick one..." she thought as she grabbed her computer as she lay down.