 I can't tell you how many times I've replayed our meeting in my mind, and with every replay I get the biggest erection. I can't remember ever having such an erotic encounter with such a sexy woman.

When we agreed to meet, I thought we'd just take a little ride in my Corvette. Knowing how you like to drive fast, I wasn't surprised when you asked if you could get behind the wheel. I was only kidding when I asked if you were going to cum while driving it, but when you said that that was what you intended, I immediately became aroused.

And you knew where to go so we could have a nice clear open stretch of road for us to speed down. When you suggested that we take off our pants, the immediate image that came into my head was that if we crashed, what would the cops think when they saw a man and a woman laying there without their pants!!

But how could I resist? The thought of it was just too sexy. So there we were, both bottomless, and you speeding down this country road.

As you sped along my glances alternated between the on-rushing scenery and your hand on your clit. This sight excited me so much that I couldn't help but begin stroking my cock.

The faster you went, the faster you rubbed, and the faster I stroked. Your moans were so exciting! And when you hit 100 mph and cried out in ecstasy, I couldn't hold back any longer. My orgasm was so intense. My cum shot out and hit the instrument panel.

Luckily, you are a terrific driver and maintained control throughout the whole event, eventually pulling over to the side of the road. There we sat, basking in our mutual orgasms. You should have seen the look on your face. When you suddenly bounced up and leaned over and licked the remnants of my cum from cock, I thought I would die from pleasure. And then your kiss. My god, it sent shivers through my body as I tasted my cum on your lips. 

I knew then that I had to have you.

I pulled you over to me and opened the door, the Vette's engine still running. Carrying you to the front of the car I laid you down on the hood. I could tell that the vibration and heat from the engine was only adding to your desire.

Jody, the taste of your pussy as I spread your legs and began licking it was so wonderful. I love the fragrance, the taste, and the texture of your pussy. As my tongue explored the folds of your pussy, and I drank up your juices, I could feel your body strain to push up against my face, and I could hear your guttural moans begin.

When you wrapped your legs around my neck, pulling me ever farther into you, I thought I might suffocate, but the pleasure I was giving you kept me going.

Oh my god. When you started to cum I became so excited. Your body tensed and your legs tightened and you cried out so loud, I was glad we were on an isolated road. I reached for your breasts under your shirt and your nipples were so stiff as I rolled them between my thumb and forefinger.

I'm not sure how many times you came, but my face was drenched with your cum when you finally released me.

The sight of you lying on the hood, with the engine running, your legs spread and your pussy glistening, I couldn't help but climb up on the bumper and enter you.

My cock was so hard and throbbing and your pussy was so wet that I slipped in so naturally, so effortlessly. Jody, your pussy was so wet and warm. I could feel it engulfing me as I began moving in and out of it. I penetrated deeply, and moved out only far enough to drive in deeply again. And the more I pumped into you, the more I could see that you were starting to feel pleasure again. Your legs tightened around me and your face had such a look of utter abandon that it only made me want you more.

Finally, you began crying out again as a tidal wave of orgasm swept over you. Feeling you tense, my swollen cock stiffened even more and I came hard, pouring my cum into you, mingling it with your cum. My cock pulsating as it emptied its load into your sweet pussy.

Collapsing on you and kissing you, I thought that this it was one of the best moments of my life.

When we saw the car coming down the road about a half mile off, we scurried back into the Corvette. I had to laugh a little as I saw the cum dripping out of your pussy and down your leg. Luckily we made it into the car before the sedan passed by.

Oh, Jody, I keep remembering that day, and every time I do, I have to satisfy myself. When can we meet again. I'm dying for you.