 After the whistle blew, Nicole shot off on the track, running as fast as she could. This was just a practice, but it was the qualifier to go to the last track meet of the year. Normally she didn't give a shit about academic or athletic accomplishment, usually content to just skate by on the bare minimum to look good for her father.

She glanced to her right, and saw Amy Roye pass her by. There wasn't anyone Nicole hated worse in the entire school, perhaps in the world than Amy Roye. It wasn't anything she did, but rather the way she spoke, walked, and even breathed annoyed Nicole to the core. It didn't hurt that she was dating the guy that Nicole had her first kiss with. It was over four years ago, but she still felt absurd jealousy.

Nicole kicked it into overdrive, catching up with Amy. First place was long gone, but the 2nd and final spot on the roster was still up for grabs and it was down to Amy or Nicole. Nicole's sport was really cross country, not 500m, but she was still formidable when she gave it her all.

After the final turn Amy gained a little more ground on Nicole. Nicole scowled as she watched Amy and her ass pull ahead and take the victory. Nicole came in 3rd, almost getting passed by the girl in last place after she gave up at the end.

She sulked and walked past the bleachers to the locker rooms, now done with Track likely forever. She stopped when she heard Amy squeal behind her. Turning around to see what the fuss was about, her heart skipped a beat when she noticed it was Cody, Amy's boyfriend and Nicole's first kiss, who had graduated last year.

As if losing wasn't bad enough, she had to watch Cody and Amy make out after he surprised her with flowers. She felt her face getting red and stormed off to the locker rooms.

She brushed past a few guys leaving the locker room when she bumped into William. "Watch it, Nikki."

"It's Nicole," she annoyingly corrected him. He leaned over slightly so she couldn't get past into the girl's room. "Let me by, I need to shower."

"Can't we hang out for just a minute? Or do you not speak to Juniors?" William smiled in a creepy way that gave Nicole an idea as to what he wanted.

"Just not you, Willy." She tried to push past him but he stood firm, pushing back so she could feel his body on hers. He wasn't unattractive, just...slimy.

"Come on, I'm all sweaty." Nicole whined.

"You look great in those shorts. Too bad you didn't qualify like me. I would've liked to sit next to you on the bus ride to the meet."

"Yeah, well, guess you'll have to keep dreaming. Besides, you barely qualified. There's not a chance in hell that you'll win. You're going to come in dead last in every event." Nicole smirked, deciding to play William's game.

William was upset. "Bullshit. I'm alright. I've got a chance to win!"

"Please," Nicole retorted. "I'm faster than you are and I didn't qualify. There's just not enough Juniors on the practice team."

"Wanna bet?" he said smugly. "Hundred bucks says I don't come in last."

"My parents don't give me money like yours do, William." Nicole rolled her eyes.

"Fine," he said biting his lip for a moment. "If you lose the bet, you blow me."

Nicole raised her eyebrows. "And a hundred bucks when I win?" she questioned.

"Yeah," he nodded. "IF you win, which you won't."

"Deal. Get your wallet ready." She smirked.

"Get your kneepads ready," William quipped back as he finally let her get by.

Nicole soaped up as she cleaned off when she noticed Amy coming in as well. To Nicole's displeasure she took the stall right next to hers.

Nicole made eye contact over the half-wall and smiled. "Congratulations!" she said in a sing-songy tone.

"Thanks, it was a close one! You almost had me." She responded in an equally obnoxious tone of voice. 

Nicole rinsed off quickly and got out of there as quick as she could. Walking briskly towards the bus stop through the parking lot, she passed by Cody sitting on the back of his car staring at his phone, waiting for Amy. Nicole couldn't resist.

"Oh my god, Cody??" she said excitedly, putting on her dumbest sounding voice. "How are you? I haven't seen you in like forever!" She gave him a half hug as he put his phone away.

"Oh, hey – hey Nicole. I'm good, at State. How are you? Excited for college?"

The two chit chatted for a few moments when Nicole had a spark of genius. "We need to catch up. Are you free to hang at all next weekend? Amy will be busy all day with the track stuff even though the girls run last. We could hang out while you wait?"

"Uh, um," Cody stammered, thinking for a moment. "Yeah, OK. That's cool. See you next Saturday?"

"See ya!" Nicole smiled and continued towards the bus stop, jogging when she saw it pull up.

Nicole sat near the front of the Away bleachers as she watched the second men's event line up. It was the only one William would be running in, after another student decided they were healthy enough to run after all. Nicole wasn't worried, however. She was going to win today, regardless of the outcome of this bet, in her plan to get back at Amy.

The starter's pistol went off and the race began. William was certainly faster than usual, but he ran out of gas at the end. He almost pulled it off but dropped back to last place right before the finish line. Nicole smirked to herself, mentally adding up the cost of the car she wanted to buy with all the money she was saving. She stood up and walked down to the field level to meet William.

"Hey Willy Willy. Tough luck out there. You got my money?" she smiled, gloating over the defeated Junior.

William glared. "It's in my locker. I'll give it to you after I shower." Nicole watched as William walked into the locker room, and noticed that all the other racers stayed back, guessing that they all had more races to participate in. She snuck into the boys room and followed William by the sound of the running water to the showers. She looked around and saw that this school had shower curtains between each stall. Feeling confident, she pulled open the curtain to see William's naked body in the shower.

"Ahhh!" he shouted in surprise. "What the fuck, Nicole? Haven't you gloated enough? I'll get you your money in a minute."

"Yeah, I know." She said, stepping into the stall but staying out of the range of the falling water. She closed the curtain behind her. "But you know, I was secretly hoping I was gonna lose that bet."

William's mood immediately improved. "Really? Because... I mean, we can still..."

"Not so fast Willy." She said, watching as his cock started to grow before her eyes. "You did lose. But since I'm feeling generous... I'll blow you for an extra hundred."

"Huhh..." William stammered for a moment. 

Sensing he was on the fence, she licked her lips softly as she pouted. "C'mon Willy... I know you wanna..."

"Shit, OK, fine." William took his stiffening cock in his hand and stroked it lightly, pumping it up to full hardness. He turned the shower head to the wall behind them and stepped forward to touch Nicole.

"No touching," Nicole stopped him. "You're all wet." She grabbed his towel and dropped it onto the wet shower floor and knelt down in front of him. Wasting no time, she grabbed his cock in her hands and stroked it softly, before tasting it with her tongue. She slid her lips over the crest of the head, teasing him with her mouth.

"Ohh, fuck yes Nicole. Suck it..." he moaned, bracing himself on the shower wall.

Nicole pushed the dick deeper into her mouth, her tongue sliding on the bottom of the shaft. With long, smooth and wet motions, she bobbed her mouth over his cock. She eased into it, slowly increasing the speed as she thrusted him in and out of her mouth. 

His penis was already wet from the shower but William could feel how wet it was inside Nicole's wonderful mouth. He stared down at her head pushing into his crotch again and again. When she looked up at him with her big brown eyes, he nearly lost it. He groaned and felt his body shudder.

Nicole sensed he nearly came, and pulled his cock out of her mouth quickly. She stroked him gently, teasing him with her tongue. She ran her tongue over his balls, stroking a little more forcefully now. 

William whimpered. "Nicole, I'm gonna cum..." He hunched over slightly as she kept stroking him. She leaned forward, his cock head millimeters from her cheek as she tugged harder. 

"Give it to me..." she moaned, keeping it quiet in the echoing shower stall. After a few more strokes he grunted loudly, shooting a line of cum onto her cheek and over her left eye, stopping at her eyebrow. She kept stroking and moved his cock to her lips, where she let the rest dribble out onto her mouth and chin.

Once she was sure he was finished, she took her clean hand and reached into her back pocket for her phone. She made a kissy face as she turned on the phone into selfie view. "What the hell..." William mumbled as he watched her take a picture of her cum covered lips, his head still spinning from the entire encounter. Nicole made sure that the distinctive tile wall of the locker room could be seen in the background of the photo.

"Thanks Willy. I'll get that cash from you on Monday. I trust you're good for it?" she said, setting her phone down outside the stall. She stood up and leaned into the spray, washing her hand and face of William's cum.

"Yeah... yeah..." he mumbled, watching her wash up. "I'm good for it." Once she was sufficiently clean, she grabbed his towel and dried off.

"See you Monday, then." She blew him a kiss and stepped out of the stall. William stood there as the water rained down on him, not sure what to think.

After reapplying her makeup in the girl's room, Nicole ran out to find Cody hanging out with Amy. Nicole walked up to them and gave Cody a hug. "Hey Amy," she said half heartedly.

"What are you doing here Nicole? You didn't qualify." She said snootily, as she sneered at Nicole touching her man.

"Cody and I are old friends. I told him I'd keep him company while we wait for you to run. Isn't that right, Cody?"

"Uhh, mmhmm." He nodded, preferring to stay silent lest he incur the wrath of his girlfriend. "Gonna hang out in the stands."

"I see... " The track coach blew his whistle and Amy turned her head. "I gotta go. Coach wants us ready an hour in advance after Susie was late to the last meet. I'll have my phone nearby, text me, OK?" She pecked Cody on the lips and jogged over to the rest of the girls while Nicole and Cody took a seat.

Her plan was going perfectly so far. She sat and chatted awkwardly with Cody, asking mostly about him and Amy. All the while, Amy was on the field sneaking glances up at them to make sure Nicole wasn't doing anything with her man. Nicole waited until a few minutes before Amy was supposed to run to make her move. "Shoot, I think I left my phone in the locker room. Will you come with me and help me look for it?"

Cody shrugged and followed Nicole down to the locker rooms. Before walking in, she made sure that Amy saw the two of them walk inside. Once inside, she rummaged around for a few minutes, counting out the seconds in her head. Minute after minute went by, and she waited as long as she could before exclaiming "Found it! Whew, let's get out there we don't want to miss your girlfriend's race!"

They ran back outside fifteen minutes later, hurrying to their seats. Once Nicole saw Amy was looking over, she made an exaggerated motion wiping her mouth. She opened up her phone and sent the photo of herself she took earlier in the stall with William to Amy.

Amy's eyes bulged out when she checked her phone messages. She screamed at Nicole but was drowned out by the coach's whistle calling the runners to the track. She fumed for a moment but went over to take her place.

After the pistol shot, Cody cheered Amy on oblivious to Nicole's plan. Nicole even joined him, cheering and shouting her name. Amy took an early lead, blowing past all the other runners on the outside lanes. She quickly ran out of gas and made it across the finish line in a pathetic last place finish.

"Aww, too bad. Give my condolences to Amy, I'm going to head home now." She pecked Cody on the cheek and left the track, hoping to make it home before Amy could find her.

Later that night, after a hundred angry texts and numerous missed calls from Amy, Nicole got a text from an unknown number.

UNKNOWN: "Can we talk?"

Nicole: "Who this?" She quickly typed back, thinking for a moment.

UNKNOWN: "Cody"

She added his number to her phone, smiling. Nicole: "Sure call me"

Cody: "No I mean in person. Do you still live on Willow"

"FUCK," thought Nicole. He's going to kill me. She waited a moment and caught her breath.

Nicole: "yeah im home, come over" she responded, and went to put on some more makeup.

Twenty minutes later the doorbell rang. She ran downstairs and yelled "I GOT IT!" to her Dad, who was too locked in to his computer and listening to music on his headphones to even hear it ring in the first place. Nicole answered the door and saw Cody was alone, his car parked on the street nearby. She stepped outside and closed the door behind her for privacy.

"Hey, what's up?" Nicole said, playing dumb.

Cody's voice wavered. "Amy just dumped me. She thinks we hooked up at the Track meet."

Nicole feigned ignorance some more. "What? Why would she think that? She could see us the whole time."

"No, she thinks it happened when you lost your phone in the locker room. She said you sent her a dirty picture."

Nicole paused for a moment thinking about what to say.

"She showed me, Nicole... that was clearly you. And we both know it wasn't me that was with you. Why did you do this to me?" Cody seemed genuinely upset, giving Nicole pangs of regret. She was only thinking of hurting Amy, not Cody.

"I didn't want you to be with her." Nicole responded sheepishly, feeling guilty.

"Why? Why do you care?" he demanded an answer.

"Because... I was jealous."

Cody stayed quiet and just stared at Nicole. "You... you were my first kiss. I've always had feelings for you but you never seemed interested. And when you started dating that idiot I was really hurt."

"I didn't think you were that serious." Cody finally responded. "Had I known..."

Nicole perked up. "What? What would you have done differently?"

Cody put his hand on Nicole's cheek and kissed her softly on the lips. Nicole wasn't exactly playing hard to get, and reciprocated with a deep sensual kiss. A sweet soft kiss quickly turned into a frenzied makeout. As she leaned into him, she felt him fully erect between their bodies.

"What's this?" she playfully asked as she rubbed him gently.

"Let's go inside and I'll show you," he said with a slight shortness of breath.

Nicole thought for a moment. "My dad is inside." She frowned. "Your car? There's no streetlight at the end of the block..."

Without words Cody grabbed Nicole by the hand and led her back to his car. It wasn't anything fancy, an older model Korean sedan that he probably got from his parents. But it was better than nothing. 

Cody unlocked the car and held the rear door open for Nicole. She leaned down and climbed in, Cody unable to resist grabbing her ass as she moved past. Her tiny terrycloth shorts left little to the imagination. Not wasting any more time he climbed in after her and shut the door, streetlights be damned.

Their clothes were off in record time, and Cody pinned Nicole down on to the seat, her legs spreading willingly as he pushed inside. Animal lust took over as they pushed against each other, their body heat filling up the car. Years of mutual attraction was coming to a head as Cody pushed himself as deep as he could go inside Nicole. He buried his face in her neck, biting gently as he pushed hard inside.

Nicole wrapped her arms around him and held him close. Due to her recent activities she hadn't been fucked like this in a long time. The car shook slightly, and occasionally a flash of a distant headlight would briefly illuminate the car. Cody pulled back slightly and grabbed a hold of Nicole's hips, pulling her on top. She grinded on his cock before he grabbed her ass tight and pulled her up and down over the length.

He bit her nipple, normally it would have hurt her but in the moment it felt wonderful. She grabbed his hair and yanked his head back, tilting his head upwards so she could kiss him again. He pushed his pelvis upwards and began to thrust to match her bounces.

Cody's thrusting sped up, and after a few seconds he slipped out. His cock rubbed up along the curve of Nicole's ass. She reached back to reposition it inside her when she felt his warm cum shoot onto her lower back. More dripped all over her hand as she tugged gently, milking him of the last of his seed. Cody let out a deep sigh, grunting as his orgasm finished.

The two sat together kissing for a moment as Cody's warm spunk dried. A bright pair of headlights blinded the couple, but did not go away like the others. Quickly they ducked down below the windows and put on underwear. The light was still not going away.

"Fuck! Cops? I can't see." Cody said as he tried to peer above the rear window at the car behind them. Just then a loud noise startled both of them as something hit the window. They looked up to see Amy banging on the glass, screaming.

"Shit." They both said and re-dressed quickly. Cody took a moment to compose himself while Amy paced back and forth around Cody's car. He opened the door to talk to her and was immediately met with a slap and a shout. While they were fighting, Nicole opened the other door and made a run for her front door. Without looking behind her she ran inside and shut the door behind her.

Her dad was still parked in front of his computer, oblivious to the whole situation. Nicole tiptoed back up to her room and closed the door. After a moment to catch her breath, she smiled. Her revenge was complete.