 Although this is listed as Chapter 01, it would be a good idea to read the prolog of the story just to get the introduction of the main character, Steve Smith.

Thanks again to my editor 'Romantic1' for helping me polish this into a presentable story.





It was Monday morning on the first day of school. The start of my senior year. I had just backed my Jeep into a spot off in the corner of the student parking lot. As I surveyed the scene I saw the jocks all parked together in one section flaunting their letter jackets. Some of the more preppy kids had all their expensive German import cars huddled together closer to the teacher parking area away from the rest of us lowly masses. A few other cars were scattered around the parking lot. No doubt the nerds and geeks were already indoors kissing the asses of their favorite teachers.

I continued to sit in the driver's seat of my Jeep. I quietly tried to collect my thoughts and even attempted a brief moment of meditation to calm my nerves and find my center. Although I had experienced so much over the summer and became more of a man in two months than I ever thought possible, I was still nervous because now it was back the grind of the real world.

Just as I finished exhaling a deep breath my phone rang. When I looked at the caller I.D. I smiled when I saw it registered Ashley's cell as the caller.

"Hello," I said as I answered my cell.

"Nervous?" She asked in a calm and relaxing tone.

"How'd you know?" I said with a half-hearted chuckle.

"I figured." She paused. "Look, you have nothing to worry about. Just be true to yourself and don't worry about what anyone else thinks, says, or does. Who knows, maybe you'll enjoy your senior year after all." I sensed her sarcasm, but also the sincerity of her attempt to get me to relax.

"Calm. Cool. Collected. Confident. Comfortable. Casual," I said as if it was a religious mantra. "Not nervous."

"Good," she said with a hint of pride in her voice. "You wearing the outfit I recommended?"

"To the tee," I said.

"Excellent. You have nothing to worry about. Now don't be late." Just as she said that the first warning bell rang. "I guess that's your cue. See you over fall break lover," she ended her call with a kiss and then hung up.

My well-worn hiking books hit the pavement with deliberate thud. For pants I wore a pair of khaki cargo pants and for a shirt I had an untucked button down shirt over a tucked in white undershirt. I had a pair of aviator sunglasses and a vintage Jeep hat my step dad Mike had given me when he gave me the keys to the CJ8 Scrambler. This outfit, as recommended by Ashley, not only reflected my rough and rugged nature but also felt super comfortable. It was the prefect representation of the new me. A far cry from the jeans and t-shirts I wore as a junior.

As I got halfway across the parking lot, I spotted a familiar face leaning against one of the poles outside the main doors to the school. Jenn had been my first real kiss. Her long red hair was hanging down just past her shoulders. She had on a strapless pink floral dress and her sunglasses were perched on top of her head. She looked at me with a rather smug expression.

"Jenn. Long time no see," I said as I walked up to her.

"I'll say. You pretty much kissed and ran," she said in a mock serious tone.

"Ah, about that," I began to say.

"I'm just teasing," she said with a twinkle in her eye, "but you do know how to leave a girl hanging and spoil her summer." She gave me a coy grin letting me know she still thought fondly of our kiss the night of my birthday.

The old me would have laughed, turned around, and walked into school side-by-side with his friend oblivious to what was going on between the lines. The new me had a different idea.

I took a step towards Jenn, closing the small gap between us; I leaned down, brushed her hair over her shoulder, and gave her a soul searing kiss that blew the inexperienced tongue lashing she had received on my birthday far away.

When I broke the kiss and took a step away, Jenn was standing frozen with her eyes closed and her lips still puckered. When she finally snapped out of it and looked at me I smiled.

"Worth the wait?" I asked her giving her a coy smile of my own.

"Uh, yeah," she said stumbling over her words.

"Well, we better get going before we're considered late on our first day of school," I then stuck my elbow out as an invitation to link arms.

Jenn took the cue, and we linked arms and walked into the high school building arm in arm.

+++

Later that day I made my way towards the cafeteria for lunch. The morning classes had been more about housekeeping and catching up than anything educational. I received many compliments on my new look and more than a few winks from the girls. I smiled and thought to myself that I need to find a way to thank Ashley for everything she's done for me.

Being the first day of school everyone had reverted to the same old cliques from our junior year. This left me without a definitive location to sit down.

"Hello Stevie," I heard a distinctive female voice say from behind.

"Hello Rachel," I said in a rather stern voice. "And by the way, please call me Steve."

"Okay, Steve," she said emphasizing my name sarcastically. "I guess the new look deserves a new name."

Rachel was pretty much the queen bee of school since she was the head cheerleader. Tall, skinny, blonde, and dumb as a rock. Cliche, I know. She was hot, she knew it, and she flaunted it.

Much to my surprise and my relief, I spotted Jenn sitting at a table across the room.

"Excuse me," I said as I walked away from Rachel without giving her much of a second chance. I didn't need, or want, her kind of drama in my life.

"Steve!" Jenn exclaimed nearly jumping out of her seat as I walked up to the table. "You just starting your lunch?"

"Yeah. Second period lunch. You?" I asked.

"First. We are just finishing up," she let out a somewhat depressive sigh but then cheered back up. "We've got few more minutes," she said. "Go grab your food. We'll hold you a seat." As I walked away, I heard her and her friends giggle. No doubt the subject of the kiss I gave Jenn had been a hot topic already.

When I returned to the table I was able to sit next to Jenn, and for first few minutes we talked about our summers. I prudently neglected to mention my sexual education from my not-really-a-cousin cousin. I did more listening then talking. Something Ashley stressed to me. When I spoke, I was concise and deliberate with my words making sure not to talk too much or use words that didn't fit the tone of the conversation.

When the bell rang the group of girls excused themselves, and Jenn gave me a pleasant smile before catching up with her friends.

For the next few minutes I enjoyed the relative peace and quiet. I figured I was on my own, which was nothing new, so I enjoyed a moment of serenity in the middle of my school day. This moment to myself, as I thought ahead, may be more important in the middle of a busy semester than right now on the first day of school. In the past I found it very difficult to find a place and time to meditate or at least center myself while at school.

'Having a half hour to myself during lunch might just be what I need,' I thought to myself. As I continued thinking I went off into my own little world.

"Steve, right?" An unfamiliar male voice snapped me out of my daze.

"Uh, yeah. Sorry," I apologized. "Lost in thought."

"Didn't mean to interrupt," the guy said. As I looked him over, I tried to recall his name.

"Doug?" I asked half sure I was right.

"Yeah. Mind if I join you?" He asked gesturing to the empty seat across the table.

"Not at all," I said with a nod of my head.

"I saw you getting out of that Jeep this morning," he said with a glimmer of envy. "That thing is sweet."

"Thanks," I said with sincerity. "My step dad and I spent the last few years working on it. I am allowed to drive it as long as I keep my grades up."

"Talk about motivation," he said with a chuckle.

"Talk about pressure," I retorted. As we talked I started to remember more and more about him. He and I never had any beef. We had a few classes together and were polite to each other, but I would never have considered him a friend or anything.

"Yeah, it didn't work too well last year. Calc kicked my ass," I said with a laugh of my own.

"No doubt. I have it this semester. Not looking forward to it," he continued.

The rest of our conversation centered on what classes we were taking. We discovered that we had two afternoon classes together. Once the bell rang concluding my lunch period I extended my hand to Doug.

"Doug, it's been a pleasure catching up with you," I said as we shook hands. "I look forward to seeing you fifth period." Another lesson Ashley had taught me was that respect and sincerity were not reserved for the opposite sex. In order to be true to myself I needed to treat everyone respectfully and equally. This was to both temper me from just being nice to girls to get sex out of them but to also prepare me for life as an adult.

+++

My afternoon classes were uneventful. Doug and I got more acquainted and found out we had similar likes and interests. I also got caught up with my other friends. Despite being a light day, I was still happy to hear the final bell of the day.

I enjoyed the late summer sunshine as I walked across the parking lot to my Jeep.

"Steve!" I heard a female voice call my name out. It was familiar, but I couldn't place it.

When I turned around to look for the source I kicked myself for not recognizing the voice. I saw Summer, one of my fellow swimmers and most likely the forerunner for female team captain spot this fall. She is one of the most popular people on the team and didn't look half bad either. Her outfit consisted of a short jean skirt and a knit top that hung off her one shoulder.

"Hey Summer," I said. "How was," I paused, "your summer?" I said with a perplexed look realizing my poor choice of words.

"It was good," she said with a smile. "You look like you got some sun. Luck out and get an outdoor lifeguard job?" I nodded. "I was stuck inside. Yet another school year started as a pasty white ghost." She sarcastically waved her arms and pointed to her pale complexion.

"You are beautiful just the way you are," I said honestly which caused her to blush. "I managed to get sun burnt three times this summer. So don't be too jealous," I said trying to put her at ease.

"Yeah, I guess there is a price to pay," she stood and shifted her weight as if she had something to say. Another key lesson Ashley had taught me was reading someone's body language. Sometimes how someone says something, or what is not being said, is more important than what they are saying.

"What can I do for you Summer?" I asked removing my sunglasses to make eye contact with her.

"Coach wants to have a pre-season meeting at some point this week," she explained. "Just to go over some recruiting efforts for the club and sports fair on Friday."

I was surprised that Coach would consider me to help with the fair. Usually the junior team captains, who were most likely going to be elected senior team captains were in charge of the team's booth for the fair. Since I was not a captain I never really considered myself involved.

"Oh. I figured Sean would be helping you with that," I said.

"Well, you didn't hear this from me," she said in a near whisper, "but Coach wasn't too happy with how Sean managed his duties last year. He was also impressed with your efforts to cheer people on and thinks you'd be a better captain this year than he would."

I was flattered, thought about it for a second, and then thanked Summer for the heads up.

"You look good by the way," she said as she walked away.

"And you are as beautiful as ever," I retorted causing her to blush again.

I took a few more steps across the parking lot and saw Jenn standing near my Jeep.

She smiled at me, stuck out her thumb, and flashed me a bit of her thigh. "Can I get a ride home mister?" She said in a mock school girl tone.

I smiled. "Sure." As a gentlemen I walked around to the passenger door and helped Jenn climb into the lifted Jeep.

As I walked around to the driver seat other students leaving the parking lot waved politely, and I heard a few nondescript "Nice Jeep" comments.

'It is a nice Jeep,' I thought to myself. 'Not a bad first day.'

As I got situated inside my cell went off.

"How was your first day?" It was Ashley.

"Great," I said. "I can't talk now though. I am giving someone a ride home. I will fill you in later."

"A girl?" She asked sarcastically. I remained silent. "You behave," she paused, "on second thought, don't behave. Misbehave. Be naughty. Then tell me all about it."

I laughed and told her I would call her later.

"My cousin," I said as I turned to Jenn. "Wanted to see how my first day went."

"That was nice of her," she replied.

I started the Jeep and as we exited the parking lot Jenn and I made small talk about our first days, our classes, and our expectations for our last year of high school.

As we passed the local Dairy Queen I turned and pulled into the parking lot.

"Ice cream?" Jenn asked enthusiastically.

"Well, I figure the only way I can make up for not calling you on your birthday, and for leaving you hanging all summer, is to treat your to a belated birthday blizzard," I then jumped out of the Jeep, walked around to her door, and helped her out.

"Aww. Thanks," she cooed. "You know you don't have to. I know you were in the mountains and couldn't call."

I reassured her it would be my pleasure to treat her to ice cream.

As we sat down outside and enjoyed the first few spoonfuls of our blizzards, I could sense Jenn was going to ask something.

"So," she said definitively. "Is this a date?"

I thought for a second. "Yes."

"Do you want me to be your girlfriend?" She asked next.

"No," I paused, "I like you. I really do. But we are both young and I don't think there is any reason to lock ourselves into a single relationship." I stopped to make sure she was following me. "The last thing I want to do is get in the way of any of your experiences this year."

"Interesting," she said as she let it all sink in. "And if I want to kiss you again?" She asked.

"No complaints," I said with a coy smile.

"And if I want to kiss other people?" She asked testing me.

"You are free to do so," I said reassuring her.

"So does that make us friends with benefits?" She asked with a glimmer of hope.

"Like I said. If that is something you are comfortable with, then you will get no complaints from me," I said. "However, if you want to remain friends without benefits, I am more than fine keeping things that way."

"I dunno," She said taking a bite of her ice cream. "All I can eat free ice cream seems to be a benefit I could get used to." She then teasingly licked her spoon clean, winked at me, and then continued to eat her ice cream like nothing was out of the ordinary.

After we finished our ice cream, I took Jenn home.

"My parents won't be home for a few hours," she said before getting out. "If you would like to come in for a while, and discuss those friendly benefits, you are more than welcome," she then ran the tip of her finger across the exposed part of her chest.

"I'd like that," I said without trying to sound too eager.

Once inside, Jenn put her bag down inside the foyer. I took a step up behind her and put my arms around her waist as she bent over. She turned around in my arms, and we quickly found ourselves in another passionate kiss.

"You. Me. Upstairs. Now," she said in a commanding tone. Then she broke free of my grasp and bolted up the stores like a giddy schoolgirl.

I followed in her wake, but slowly. I could hear her giggles and stood in the doorway to her bedroom.

"I have a confession to make," she said while she knelt in the center of her bed.

"And what is that?" I asked playing along.

"I was a naughty girl today," she tried to look innocent as she sat back on her heels with her hands on her knees.

"Oh?" I asked. She nodded in affirmation. "How were you a naughty girl today?"

"I didn't wear any panties to school," she said in a little girl voice.

"That is naughty," I said getting aroused at the thought of a seemingly good girl like Jenn walking around all day without underwear on.

"I don't like wearing panties," she paused, "ever!" She played the innocent little girl act as much as she could.

I asked, "Do you do anything else that is considered naughty?" She nodded again. "Tell me."

"I play with myself," she said.

"You play dolls with yourself?" I asked playing along with her bit. She shook her head no. "Then how do you play with yourself?"

"I touch myself," she said with a bashful smile.

"Do you want to show me how you touch yourself?" I asked. "That would be very, very naughty."

She got a mischievous look on her face. "I've never done that before."

"Well," I said, "why don't you show me how naughty you can be."

She leaned forward off her ankles and ran her hands up her legs, across her stomach, up to her shoulders. I made my way over to her computer desk and wheeled her chair next to her bed and sat down.

Without a word she turned to face me, still on her knees, and then slowly pulled the dress up over her head. True to her word she was not wearing any panties. She was also not wearing a bra.

"You didn't tell me about not wearing a bra," I said.

"Well, this dress doesn't really work with one. So no panties and no bra for me today," she said tossing her dress to the floor.

"You are a naughty girl aren't you." She nodded and began running her hands over her body. "I thought you were such a good girl." She shook her head no. "So tell me, what do you do when you play with yourself."

"I start off playing with my boobies," she said as she grabbed her breasts. "They are small, but I like them. Do you like them?" I nodded. Using some of the knowledge Ashley gave me, I guessed they were a full B cup. "I then start to play with my pussy." She slid her hands down between her legs. "Sometimes I look at porn on my computer." This caused my dick to jump in my pants. "Sometimes I think about boys." She paused as she slid her hand between her legs letting a small moan escape her lips. "Sometimes I think about girls." My dick jumped so hard it nearly ripped itself out of my pants. "Most of the time I just use a toy."

I tried to keep my wits about me. A younger, more inexperienced me would have jumped on the bed by now and probably blown my load in seconds. Since Ashley had already shared her own stories about being with girls, and playing with toys, I was a bit more tempered. Still, I was young, eager, and itching to get my rocks off. I just reminded myself to be patient, and take my time.

Jenn repositioned herself on the bed, spreading her legs in front of her, and giving me a nice view of her smooth pussy.

"I get it waxed," she said. "I hate shaving."

"Very nice. I hope to taste it later," I said flirting with her.

She slipped two fingers inside her pussy and then brought them to her lips. "I think I taste yummy." I so wanted to dive right in and start licking her pussy, but I waited. She finished licking her fingers and then reinserted them into her pussy. "It feels so good when I do this. I feel so naughty with you watching me. No one has ever watched me do this in person."

"What do you mean no one has watched you in person?" I asked unsure of what she was implying.

"I like to put on a show every now and then on line." I subconsciously swallowed as I let that sink in. "I have always wanted someone to watch me in person. I am glad it's you Steve." I thought to myself that I was glad it was me too. "Do you want to hear something really naughty?"
