 Nicole awoke alone and naked in a hotel room to the sound of a running shower, taking in her surroundings for a moment before remembering the night before. It was prom night, and this was the room her date had rented for their after prom activities. As the memories flooded back in, so did the headache, as it began to throb. She tasted something salty on her lips and got up to go to the bathroom noticing the time on her phone as 11:09AM. 

She also had 11 unread texts - most of them from her friend Jamie staying in the room next door. The last was sent at 2:50AM, which read "lol r u still fucking? i can hear u". Checking herself out in the mirror, she saw that she was still covered in last night's cum - dried on her lips, cheeks, neck, and breasts. She pushed her small but perky boobs together as she felt the dried spunk and let them fall back apart as she examined herself before pulling back the shower curtain. Inside was her prom date and the financier of last night's evening. She smiled slightly at his tanned, fit body in the shower. Ryan was shocked, but still stood under the warm flow of the shower hanging his head. "Nggghhh," He moaned, tired and a bit hungover himself as she stepped in to join him and wash off his sperm from her body. 

Nicole washed her face and body clean of the remnants of the previous night while her prom date watched. Although he wasn't feeling well, his cock had a mind of its own. Watching the gorgeous girl bathe in front of him made his cock swell. Like a true high school gentleman, he leaned forward and poked Nicole in the side with his hard on while she soaped up her chest. 

She turned around and smiled. "Again? Aren't you Mr. Stud." He poked forward again, this time making contact with her shaven pussy and rubbing against her lips. "No, I'm too sore. But I'll suck you off if you're quick." She knelt down in the shower and rubbed her soapy hand along his cock as the water quickly washed it away. Nicole wasted no time in taking her date's cock back into her mouth and sliding her wet lips up and down the shaft. She took him deep into her mouth, poking in her throat, not quite as deep as she could go but as far as his cock would make it. Slowly at first her wet lips ran over Ryan's dick, hard in that way that only teenagers get. Once reaching his cock head she bobbed her head more quickly, until sending it into a second gear when she started to jerk him off as well. She twisted her mouth and hand with every stroke as she kept speeding up, employing every trick she knew to get a guy off. Her tongue flicked on the sensitive underside to his penis, and she looked up at him with big doe eyes and arched eyebrows while she blew him.

Minutes later Ryan started to moan and groan. Not wanting to spoil her breakfast, Nicole removed his cock from between her lips but continued to stroke, positioning his cock just over the bridge of her nose. He spurt out cum that formed a line from her forehead down her nose, while the rest dribbled out over her cheek and lips. Once he was finished she leaned backwards until her head rested against the edge of the tub as she started to feverishly rub her clit, with a quick orgasm less than half a minute later. She looked up at Ryan as she caught her breath, his cum still staining her eighteen year old face, and smiled.

After having a proper shower, she put on her outfit she brought with her, slung her dress over her shoulder and left the room, knocking on the next door down. Nicole's longtime friend and neighbor Jamie came out wearing tight shorts and a tank top, which was failing in holding up her generous chest. Nicole laughed, "Forgot to pack a bra with your after prom outfit?"

Jamie rolled her eyes, "Ugh shut up, I didn't remember when I packed that I wouldn't have a bra on in the dress." Jamie stood still while Nicole giggled and played with her friend's boobs. "I know you're jealous."

"Extremely," Nicole replied. "I can only imagine the things you let Tim do to these," she said, grabbing a handful roughly.

Jamie slapped her away. "Stop," she whined again. "They're very sensitive today."

"Yeah I bet," replied her friend as they started to walk towards the exit. "From all the tittyfucking."

"You're such a pervy weirdo," teased Jamie. "Even guys don't think about sex as much as you do."

"Whatever, if I didn't tell you how to please a man you'd still be a virgin." Nicole got out her phone and started to scroll through her contact list.

"Where did you pick up all that stuff, anyway?" Jamie asked.

Nicole ignored her, clearing her throat as she put her phone up to her ear after hitting send. "Hi Daddy! Can you pick us up now?"

******

The next day, the girls met up for a late lunch at the only restaurant within walking distance. As the bill came, Nicole reached out and grabbed it. "Lunch courtesy of Mr. D?"

Nicole shook her head. "Mr. Mancini."

Jamie raised her eyebrows as Nicole signed the check, leaving a generous tip. "You mean Ryan? Are you guys officially going out now?"

Nicole sipped from her water glass. "Not exactly..."

"Then why is he buying us lunch?" Jamie asked.

"He may have paid me $200 to go to prom with him." Nicole explained, slightly embarrassed.

"Whoa whoa whoa - " Jamie held up her hands in shock. "Why am I just now hearing about this? You slept with Ryan for $200?"

"No, no. I went to prom with him for $200. I let him fuck me for free." Nicole looked over at the red-faced waitress who had come by to refill water glasses, but kept walking. Clearly she had overheard. "But even if I had slept with him for the money - who cares? It's $200 and I had fun. And so did he."

"Nic, that's prostitution! You're not a whore. Well...not a professional one." Jamie threw in the dig at her friend at the end.

Nicole rolled her eyes. "Whatever, if I'm gonna get called a whore I might as well get paid, right? It's the only thing I'm good at."

Jamie made a sad face at Nicole. "I thought we were going to go to GCC together? Don't you want to go to college?"

Nicole stood up to leave. "I'm not going to stand on street corners, Jamie. It's just for fun and extra cash. Relax. I can still room with you next year. But I need to buy myself a car, if my dad won't. Are you going to Kevin's party tonight?"

"I wasn't planning on it," Jamie said as she stood up to leave, picking up her purse.

"Be ready by 8. Wear something that shows off your tits."

Jamie shook her head as the pair walked back towards their houses.

*****

Nicole stood outside Jamie's house shivering, wearing her shortest shorts that accentuate her long, cross country team toned legs, and a casual shirt. She tapped her foot while she waited impatiently. "C'mon Jamie..."

After a few minutes her friend emerged, fulfilling her promise - she wore a loose fitting sundress with no bra. "Atta girl, Jamie. Let the beasts roam free."

Jamie punched her friend on the arm as they started walking towards the house party. "Do you think Ryan will be there?"

"No idea. Why?" Nicole asked as they walked briskly.

"Just wondering. Tim usually hangs out with him." Jamie said, slightly red faced.

"Has he called since the morning after?" she asked with a concerned tone.

Jamie looked sad and didn't respond, so Nicole changed the subject as they continued to walk to the party.

*****

Nicole walked through the hazy crowded room to refill her beer cup when she bumped into Tim. He was tall and lanky, and rough around the edges, but he was nice enough to Nicole and Jamie really liked him. "Oh hey Tim, I think Jamie is looking for you." She said, as she filled her beer at the keg.

"Oh uh, yeah don't tell her I'm here." He said looking around.

Confused, Nicole turned to face him. "What do you mean? Didn't you guys have fun on prom night?"

"Not really," he said, still avoiding eye contact with Nicole. "She's, ah... Not very forthcoming."

Nicole smiled and nodded. "Wouldn't let you fuck 'em?"

Tim chuckled and shrugged, now eyeing up Nicole. "Yeah, pretty much. Or anything else for that matter. Graduation is weeks away. I'm not going to college a virgin and I don't see Jamie giving it up any time soon. Hey... Ryan said he had a lot of fun with you."

Nicole grabbed her boobs through her shirt. "I thought you were a tit man."

"I'm an admirer or all things beautiful." Tim explained, slurring his words slightly.

Nicole rolled her eyes at his attempt at a pick up line. "Nice try Tim." She started to turn and find Jamie when she felt his hand on her shoulder.

"I've got the $200 on me right now." He said calmly as he leaned in close to her ear. "Ryan told me he had a LOT of fun." He repeated his earlier sentence.

Nicole turned around and gave him a dirty look, but Tim didn't back down. Her anger quickly faded as she contemplated the situation, taken off guard by Tim's sudden turn into a heel. She nodded and looked over towards the bedrooms in the house. "Find an empty room, I'll follow you in a minute."

Tim practically lost his cool when he turned and almost ran to the bedrooms. His power walking caused Nicole to laugh as she chugged her second beer of the night. She watched him enter one of the bedrooms, counted to 10 and followed him inside, closing the door behind her.

She smiled as Tim laid back on the bed. She stood up straight, thinking to herself, "OK, time to shine." She walked towards Tim and pulled her shirt over her head, tossing it aside before straddling him on the bed. She held his face into her chest as they fell backwards onto the bed. Nicole began to slowly grind herself on his lap while he kissed at her breasts, fumbling for the bra clasps.

Once he managed to remove her bra his hands pawed and squeezed at her small breasts. Like Tim's cock beneath her, Nicole's nipples were very hard. Tim nibbled and sucked on them, seemingly fascinated and obsessed. She didn't mind - it felt quite nice to have him suck on her nipples. She ran her hands up his chest under his shirt and felt his body. He flinched slightly as she tickled him, and rolled her over so he was on top. Taking off his own shirt first, he tossed it on top of her bra while she unzipped her shorts. She wiggled the tight bottoms over her hips, taking her thong panties off in the same motion.

Tim was now standing at the edge of the bed, staring at Nicole and her nude form, admiring her thin body, her prominent nipples, her toned muscular thighs, and most of all her shaved pussy. He wasted no more time in taking his pants off, jumping on one foot to get his jeans over his feet, and climbed back on top of Nicole. A trail of pre cum rubbed was formed on her thigh as his hard cock rubbed on her body while they made out.

Nicole reached underneath Tim to grab his cock and point it towards her wet opening. He slid it in slowly, his eyes closed and mouth agape as he lost his virginity. She smiled as she felt him bottom out inside, panting heavily as he laid on top of her. He quickly started to hump vigorously - his lack of experience being very apparent - pistoning his cock in and out of her tight wet hole. She moaned as he slammed inside again and again, until after about a minute his arms started to shake. 

Nicole pushed him back, quickly urging "Pull out, don't finish inside me." Tim pulled out as instructed, his cock hovering above her glistening pussy, twitching slightly. She thought he was cumming for sure, but he managed to hold off as they both caught their second wind. "Lick me?" she asked timidly, her legs spread wide on the bed. Tim nodded and knelt on the floor with his head between her legs, his tongue slathering all about her lips. He pulled away for a second and breathed through his mouth before diving back in, performing oral with about as much subtlety as his sex. Nicole directed him upwards toward her swollen clit, but opted to instead rub it herself when he wouldn't take the hint.

"Oh fuck," Nicole moaned, beginning to talk dirty for him. "I love your cock baby, you make me feel so good..." she could hear a muffled moan from between her thighs, Tim clearly appreciative. "I want you to cum so bad, I want it so bad... I want you to cum on my face while I get off... will you cum on my face baby?"

"Fuck yeah, really?" Tim stood up quickly and walked to the head of the bed, stroking his cock next to Nicole. She nodded and rubbed her clit quickly, as the sounds of slick pussies and dicks being rubbed filled the room. She looked over at Tim, his body obscured from view by his cock positioned inches above her face.

"Give me all your cum baby," she said, feeling herself getting close. Tim started to grunt and groan and knelt down to get his cock closer to her lips. She flicked her tongue up and caught the tip briefly, causing Tim to cry out. Seconds later, she felt the warm spray of thick cum as she reflexively closed her eyes just in time. Semen sailed out in a line past her cheek, followed by another matching shot as drops fell down onto her lips. Tim continued to squeeze out his seemingly neverending supply of cum as Nicole continued to get herself off. Her mouth, chin, and cheeks were completely smeared with warm, wet spunk before he slowed his hand motions. Nicole opened her eyes and looked up at her classmate as she succumbed to her own orgasm. Her head turned to the side, mashing her jizz stained cheek into the bed as she shook, cumming hard. 

Tim stood cock in messy hand, and watched in awe as Nicole got herself off. She rubbed herself through fifteen seconds of orgasm before coming down and catching her breath. 

*****

Having settled up with Nicole, Tim made a hasty exit from the bedroom as Nicole finished wiping herself clean on whoever's bed they were using. She felt slight remorse, more for the owner of the bed than her own morals as she pocketed the $200 Tim had paid for fifteen minutes work. Waiting a few more seconds to be sure he was gone, she made her own exit, almost immediately bumping into Jamie.

"Oh - Nic - have... have you seen Tim? I saw him come from here."

Nicole, still sweaty from the brief encounter, tried to lie. "Nope. Haven't...haven't seen him."

"Why are you so shiny?" Jamie mused, staring at her friend's glistening face. "You're all sweaty. Were you just fucking?"

Nicole remained silent, too buzzed and woozy to offer a decent rebuttal.

"Oh my god you were - you just fucked Tim didn't you!" Jamie's voice was loud enough for a few other party goers to hear and laugh. "You're such a fucking whore, I thought you were my friend."

Jamie stormed off as Nicole closed her eyes, regretting betraying her friend, and rubbing the side of her head when she felt some of Tim's cum still clinging to her hair. She looked around and saw a few people staring and made a quick exit for the bathroom.