 ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ 

My unsolicited sequel to DamonX's story 8 Days. 

http://www.literotica.com/s/8-days

Nefarious plots are revealed...

There are too damn many intriguing stories that are never completed. If I find a story that's been left hanging for too long, I'll give you my idea of an ending. Fair warning though, I don't write about total wimps. May not be BTB, all nuclear and shit, but no voluntary cucks, or whiny simpering wimps. 

For information on how I decide which stories to continue, please check my profile.

     ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~

Breakfast was simple. Raisin Bran, grapefruit juice, and a quickie, with Lacey bent over the kitchen table.

I received my escort to the door, my briefcase, and a warm kiss goodbye. "Have a wonderful day at work, my love," she said softly.

My morning was perfect. Everything seemed to be falling my way. I called Jenna around 11:00. I needed to talk to her. I was confused, torn. I needed my buddy, but she wasn't picking up. No funch, but I did receive a call from Cale.

"You checked out your home surveillance?" he asked.

"No, I don't see any reason to," I explained.

"Fred said he thought you should."

"Did he say why?"

"No. He was kind of mysterious. Just said he'd want to, if he was in your shoes." He paused. "You holding up Ok?"

"Actually, far better than I ever would have expected to," I admitted.

"Good. You still seeing Stacy and Jenna?"

"Jenna, yeah. Haven't seen Stacy since Monday."

"That's too bad," he said. "Is she blowing you off?"

I thought about telling him what was going on. He was a good friend, but this was too personal for discussing with anyone but Jenna and Lacey. "No, I've been ridiculously busy. I expect to have most of it under control by the end of this weekend."

He chuckled, "You know, I'm not feeling quite so sorry for you anymore. When you settle down, don't forget your friends if you have any leftovers!"

I didn't linger on the phone. I didn't want to have any work hanging over my head when I took off.  By mid afternoon, I was caught up. I had Friday off, as well as the following week, when I was supposed to be on my honeymoon. 

I mailed off the last of my completed tasks, set my email to 'away' and left a vacationing message on my phone. I was getting antsy, and decided I should call Vicky. It had been a couple of days, and I had promised I would.

"Sloan and Thomas, Victoria speaking." she said. I had used my work phone and wasn't surprised she didn't recognize the number.

"Hey Vicky, it's Damon."

"Hi!" she answered, instantly perking up. "Something up?"

"No. I was sitting here at work thinking of you. I wanted to tell you what a great time I had with you the other night."

She chuckled. "Not as good as you had with Donna though, was it?"

I wondered if she could hear me blushing. "God, I wasn't expecting that. I thought she hated me."

"We all did. What the fuck, Damon! Did you hypnotize her or something?"

I went over my discussion with her, tracing our animosity back to our very first meeting. "Oh my God! You didn't really think that guy was with her, did you? She was just using him to get us drinks."

"Hey, what do I know? He was sitting there, and she was flirting with him. You were never pissed because I didn't buy you one, were you?"

"No, but I had a date. I think he would have been a little ticked off if you bought me a drink. Now if you had bought him one, the damn cheapskate..."

We laughed at how things worked out. "You're not mad at me being with Donna?" I asked nervously.

"Nah. It was gonna happen. You know what they're offering now, both of 'em. Does that knock me out of the running? Because I'm not as easy?"

"Hardly. Still the best damn BJ of my life," I said, but started remembering Lacey's lips the night before, out on the porch. That was the experience of a lifetime. Nowhere near the talent Vicky had, but still.

"It only gets better, lover. When are you going take me out?"

"I think I'm going to take a break. Maybe get away on my own next week. There's just so much happening, so fast. Jenna and I came to an understanding about our relationship. Lacey and I had a coming of minds as well. It's all too weird."

"I understand, baby. I do. You loved her for over a year, you were about to marry her. I don't want you on the rebound, but I'll be damned if I want anyone else to catch you that way either. Give me a call when you're ready, Ok?"

"You got it. BJs aside, I had a great time with you. Really."

I read once, you can hear when someone's smiling over the phone. I knew she was, in a big way. "I know. Me too. I guess it's because we've known each other so long. Moving the relationship up even one notch was an easy transition. Don't know if I've ever had a better first date."

"I'm looking forward to a second one," I told her.

"Mmm. Me too. I'm at work, honey. I really should go. Call me sometime, when we can chat for real."

It was only a little after 4:00, but I had run out of things to do. I organized my desk, determined to put in my time. I tried to get hold of Jenna again, but she still wasn't picking up.

By 4:30, I was doodling. I probably would have surfed the internet, but didn't want to risk that at work. I called Mom, and we talked. She tried to find out more about what happened between me and Lacey. I explained that it was between us. We were still friends, but marriage was out of the question. 

"How horrible could it be, if you're still friends, Damon?" she asked. "You can't give it another try?"

"Too many issues, Mom. I wish it was otherwise. I do. She's great, and I still love her, but I don't see it working out."

"I don't want to pressure you, but think about it, Ok? I don't know what happened, I'm sure it had to be important to end your engagement a week before your wedding. People make mistakes. We all do. I know I've made my share. You learn to forgive, and move on. You can't let it eat at you, and you can't let it ruin your life. You two were great together. Everybody saw it. That girl loved you like nobody's business."

"Mom, it's too late, Ok?"

"No. That's not Ok! That's a lousy excuse. It's never too late, so long as you two are still breathing. It may be too late to get married this weekend, but never too late to work things out between you guys, and give it another shot."

I could tell she wasn't going to let up, which surprised me a little. I never thought she liked Lacey all that much. I managed to get her off the phone before too much longer.

I still had 20 minutes before I planned to leave at 5:00. I thought about Cale's enigmatic message earlier. I logged into the DropBox account, and started to review the contents. I immediately noticed that in addition to the directories for house and vehicle, there was a folder labeled 'Interesting.' It looked like Fred was pre-screening the material. I wasn't sure how I felt about that. It saved me a lot of time, but I didn't know the guy that well, to have him privy to all my private information.

I opened it up to see a half-dozen video clips and a few audio clips.

The clock showed 6:10 pm before I left. It was eye-opening. Fred was right, it was something I needed to know.

~ * ~ * ~

Jenna opened the door, looking surprised. I probably should have called first, but my head was a mess. I walked by her and sat down in their living room.

"Did something happen, Damon?" she asked worriedly.

"Can I have a beer, Jenna?"

She nodded. Nikki came out, and I watched Jenna give a head shake, and her roommate disappeared again.

My best friend in the world, handed me an Anchor Steam, apologizing for not having my favorite.

"Tell me about Brett, Jenna."

She looked at me for a few seconds, then sat down. I knew her, as well as she knew me, and the look of nervousness was as bad as I'd ever seen it.

"What do you know?" she asked quietly.

"No. You don't get to ask questions this time. This is my fucking life we're talking about. Tell me about Brett!"

She didn't apologize, didn't get all mushy. We weren't like that. This was us. Me and her. Honesty mattered. "I paid him. $100 to make sure she did something she shouldn't. I was going to video it, but the bastards at the strip joint got all pissed when I took my phone out to tape it. Then the shit happened with the bitches, and I had to leave."

I hadn't expected that part. "And the rest, Jenna. All of it." 

She nodded. She got up and grabbed herself a beer. "I gave him her number, your house number, and your address. I told him to call, to head over there, to not take no for an answer. I said he could do anything he wanted with her, she wouldn't say no, not the way they were planning things. She was determined to be a slut." 

She started talking faster, anxiously. "You had to know. The shit she was talking with those other bitches. About getting you to agree to being single for a week, and all the shit she was going to do behind your back. They tried to make it sound like it was no big deal, but she was talking about being a complete slut, Damon! Laughing about doing all the stuff she'd never done with you."

"So you knew about her deal the night of the party?"

"I knew what they were planning, and how she planned to bribe you. They...they even asked me to be part of the bribe, if you wouldn't go for the first one. You get me, and she gets half the cock in the city. That's when I blew up. I told you she doesn't deserve you. I told you."

"I don't believe that. The last thing Lacey ever wanted was me to be with you."

"It wasn't her. It was the others. They figured they could talk her into it. I think they were sort of considering it an olive branch. They were actually being friendly when it started, including me. Not Lacey, that uppity bitch still would hardly talk to me, but the redhead and Vicky. They were the ones working out the details."

"Why send him to our house? And why him?"

She sat back, and took a drink. I could tell she didn't want to answer.

"The truth, Jenna."

She looked at me sadly. "I always tell you the truth, Damon. You know that."

"Until the last week. You knew what was going on, and why, and you held back on me. No more deception. I'm fucking tired of it. From her and from you. Especially from you. I thought I could trust you with my life."

She moved toward me and I pulled away. "No. Tell me why."

"He's an asshole, alright? An idiot, the world's most inconsiderate sex partner. Everyone knows it. That's why I chose him."

"And my house?"

She took another sip. "He...he wasn't supposed to leave until you got there. I paid him another $100 to make sure you caught them. So you could see for yourself what a whore she was."

"So when I showed up here, it was not a surprise, was it?"

"I...I didn't expect that, I swear, Damon. I figured you'd walk in and have a big confrontation. You don't walk away from stuff. I didn't think it would happen until late, probably after 1:00 am. You surprised me. I would have dressed for it, if I thought the result would be you showing up on my doorstep."

Her words didn't calm me. I was furious with her. "I can't believe my best friend tried to break up my engagement. Tried to destroy my relationship with my fiancée. We talk about things, Jenna. That's what we do. We don't play fucking games with each other's life."

"You had to know, Damon! I don't care what it costs, I couldn't let you marry her without knowing what a slut she was. Fucking around on you the week before your wedding? How could you let her do that!"

She moved over next to me, and hung onto my arm when I tried to pull away. "It doesn't change what she did. She sucked his cock before the deal was made. She took him to your bed. She gave him all the things she denied you. Nothing I did changes that. All I did was make sure you knew about it."

She leaned her head against my shoulder, clinging to my arm. "I love you, you idiot. I couldn't let you make the biggest mistake of your life. Not my Damon. I couldn't."

Furious would be an understatement. I'd been betrayed on both sides, by the two women who I should be able to trust most. I struggled to contain my anger, breathing deeply.

"How did you find out?" she asked softly.

"I've been spying on them. They fought. All of them together. I kept telling Lacey one of the biggest issues was the lying and deception. Telling me she had no plans, when she'd already arranged to meet that stripper. 

"Stacy was hammering her for being so stupid, for doing it in our house. For making secret plans and telling nobody. She denied it, saying he'd called her, on the house phone. He knew she was going to be in, and I was going to be away, and he showed up on her doorstep. She wanted to know who gave him her phone number, who told him I'd be out, but they all denied it. Round and round they went, pointing fingers, blaming each other, nobody willing to admit they'd told him where she lived or what her phone number was."

I noticed I was still holding a full beer. I'd had one sip. I took another long one. "I realized there was one other person who knew about the two of them, and might have been the instigator. I couldn't believe it but I had to ask. My Jenna wouldn't stab me in the back like that, she couldn't. But I had to ask."

"She doesn't deserve you. You had to know. You had to. I couldn't let you marry her," Jenna whined.

I barked a cruel laugh. "Do you know what she said to me night before last? We're lying in bed, and she's explaining why she's pushing her friends at me. Then she says to me, 'Vicky, or God help me for saying this, Jenna.'"

Jenna stiffened. "What did she say about me?"

"That's who I should choose. You or Vicky. Vicky, because Lacey and I could still be friends. She knew that if I went to you, that would likely be the end of her and me, but still she chose you. Because you'd make me happy, and you'd never hurt me. Not like she did."

I sat back and drank my beer. "She'd step aside, so I could be happy with you. You'd stab me in the back to prevent me from being happy with her. How could you, Jenna?"

She was hanging onto my arm for dear life, and she was crying. Jenna, crying. "I'm sorry, Damon. I truly thought you needed to know. I swear that's all it was. The way she talked, the disrespect she showed you, I couldn't stand that."

"Is there anything else I need to know? Was the whole Nikki thing a setup? Did you have to make sure she knew? What else is there?"

"No, that's it. I swear. I had nothing to do with Nikki telling. Getting her in your bed wasn't planned, you have to believe me. I paid Bret twice. Once to get pushy at her bachelorette party, and a second time to do her in your bed, and get caught. That's it."

I finished my beer, and pulled my arm free. "I'm angry and disappointed, Jenna. I don't know if I've ever been angrier with you in my life. It's going to be difficult for me to get over this. I was screaming at her, about her trickery and deceit, lying to me about her 'date' with that bastard. It turns out she was the one telling the truth, and my supposed best friend was the one pulling the tricks, deceiving me, betraying me."

"No, Damon. It's not like that. I wasn't betraying you. I was trying to help you. You wear fucking blinders around that snooty bitch. You had to know the truth. I'm your friend, it was up to me to do it."

I held her away when she tried to hug me. "I'm going to need some time to deal with this, Jenna. This is bad. Really bad. You've broken my trust in you. It's going to be hard as hell to get it back."

"I love you, Damon. You know that."

"I know. I love you too, but I'm extremely pissed right now. Give me some space, alright?"

She nodded sadly, as I walked out.

I was on the phone before I got to my car. It was going to be a long, difficult night.

"Damon?" 

That fucking accent of hers made me weak in the knees. "Hey Donna. I know it's short notice but could I see you?"

"I'm not home. I'm over at Vicky's. We were just finishin' up supper."

"That's perfect, actually. Could I come over."

She giggled. "Not gonna happen, big guy. We're not like that. Damn, you're a dirty one, ain't ya?"

"No, this isn't about that, wild thing. I need to talk. Would that be Ok?"

She verified it with Vicky, and I promised I'd be over in 10 minutes. On the way, I called home and let Lacey know I was going to be late.

"Thanks for calling. I made dinner, but it will keep. Did you eat?"

"No. Not yet. I don't imagine I'll be that late, no more than an hour. Is that alright?"

"You don't have to check in with me. I appreciate it, but it's up to you. An hour's fine."

I parked in front of Vicky's house, and braced myself for another difficult conversation.

Vicky greeted me at the door with a big hug, but I didn't return it.

"Something wrong, Damon?" she asked. "Did she mess up again?"

"No. It's not Lacey," I explained. I walked past her and ignored Donna's greeting, sitting on the couch. Vicky sat down next to me, and Donna took the seat across the coffee table. 

"What's wrong, Damon?" Donna asked. "You look like your dog died."

"I installed video and audio recording in my house, after Lacey did the stripper the second time," I explained. "Living room, bedroom, kitchen."

They looked at each other, and I could see the brains going into high gear.

"Why would you want to break Lacey and me up?" I asked.

They both looked nervous, but neither answered. I waited until the silence was uncomfortable.

"Come on. Try to be honest for once. I know. I heard you two talking, in the living room, and in the kitchen. Why did you do it?" I turned to Donna. "I know you never liked me, but Lacey was your friend! Why?"

Vicky spoke up. "It wasn't Donna. We didn't really want to break you up, just slow things down. We were losing her. Our group was going to split up. Best friends for almost 10 years, and we were losing her to you."

I glared at her. "You sounded so proud of yourselves, talking her into making that deal with me. Telling her all the stuff she was missing. Giving her a little ecstasy at her party, so she'd screw up. You were trying to get her laid that night, weren't you?"

"No," Donna said firmly. "We wanted her all worked up, so she'd wanna make that deal, but we weren't gonna make her do anythin' that night, other than loosen up a bit. Play along with the stripper's, but that's all. I swear, Damon."

"Who's idea was it to track me? Put a GPS on my car. Report back to her with whatever I did?"

Vicky looked guilty as shit, and I turned toward her.

"Mine," she confessed. "My brother works in security. He got the stuff, and set it up."

I nodded. "And the plan to make sure I learned what 'real' pussy was like? To have you lead me on," I nodded toward Vicky, "while you got me hooked?" I asked, staring at Donna.

Donna couldn't look me in the eye.

"We did you a favor, Damon," Vicky tried to explain. "She didn't do anything she didn't want to do. She called up that stripper on her own, we had nothing to do with that. She'll tell you she didn't, but I promise, that wasn't us. We all took a little mood enhancer at the party, but we didn't give her anything the next day."

"You kept at her. Getting her to make that damn deal. Complaining that I was the bad guy. That she did nothing wrong. You knew the truth, but kept hammering at her. Telling her she could do better. That I didn't deserve her, if I was going to go around blaming her when she was in the right. That I was the one who screwed up."

"You did screw up. Jenna was wrong, and you know it!" Vicky snapped.

"That's funny. Jenna tells me that you tried to make her part of the bribe to let Lacey have her deal."

Vicky sighed, and leaned back in the couch. "What's the big deal, anyway? She's a slut, for anyone but you. She'll fuck around on you, and you know it now. You're better off without her." She moved closer to me, and I felt my skin crawling. "Look at where you are now. Don't tell me Stacy and Donna weren't better. That I didn't blow your mind. Let it go. Forget the marriage thing for now. We can all have a good time, make a new deal. Hell, you can probably keep training her, while getting all you want from the rest of us, just us, until you settle down. There's no hurry, right?"
