 Mareka Goltowsnin had an eye for art. She was an interior designer by profession and loved to visit any and every art do hosted at the Annenberg town center. This time the theme was erotica and renowned painters from all over the world had submitted one oil painting to be put up for display in the art gallery. This was one exhibition she would not miss for anything. She had implored her girlfriend to get back from office early so that she could accompany her to the art do. Unlike her, her girlfriend Serona had no love for art. Serona was a software consultant by profession and an adventurous girl; Surfing was her number one passion apart from racing around town in her Porche Cayman. She had also participated in some illegal street races where she had dragged Mareka to witness her dominance on the racing circuit. She didn't win that day but came second and it was enough of an excuse to bring out the champagne and have wild sex with Mareka in the car. 

Today she knew would be a sordid affair as far as she was concerned. She tried to stall when she got back by complementing Mareka on the way she was looking that night. Mareka was wearing an emerald green dress that went down to her knees and she was looking absolutely stunning. She had left her long blonde hair open so that they flopped upto her back. Serona tried hard to seduce her just so that they would be tired enough afterwards and Mareka would change her mind about going. But there was no convincing Mareka. She was hell bet on reaching there in time.

Beaten and Reluctantly Sorena took a quick shower and dressed up in a pant and a plain white shirt which she tucked in, along with loafers.

Seeing the sullen look on her face, Mareka promised to make it up to her later that night. 

Finally they were on their way to the art do. 

Once they were inside, Serona headed straight for the drinks bar to get them a couple of drinks while Mareka admired the paintings, taking care to scrutinize every single one of them. As she browsed, she came to this one painting that enraptured her. It was of a man and a woman making love in the missionary position but the way the artist had painted it, it stood apart from the other paintings. It looked quite real and so did the expressions on the lover's faces as they made love. 

"Exciting isn't it?" said a man standing beside her.

She looked at him and smiled, a little annoyed to be broken out of her reverie. 

"I definitely wouldn't use the word exciting for it.. Enrapturing yes.." she said directing her gaze back to the painting.

"I do not think it is that special. There's a Kevin in the row behind us that I quite liked.. but this painting.. it is just 2 people making love in the missionary position.."

Mareka was visibly annoyed.

"You won't get it. The Kevin pales in comparison to this.. See the brush strokes, so masterful.. the expressions of the lovers, captured beautifully, it almost looks real.. It isn't signed.. I would've loved to have met the artist.."

"Oh well stick around then Madame, he is bound to turn up sooner or later" said the man taking a casual sip from the glass of wine in his hand and moving onwards.

Mareka observed him with a scornful look on her face as he moved on. She wondered why these ignorant fools were let into these classy art dos.

Serona soon joined her but she seemed to be bored out of her mind. Mareka took pity on her.

"Tell you what.. why don't you go back home and wait for me, I'll catch a cab.. Keep the bed warm for me ok.."

At first Serona declined but Mareka insisted and finally Serona relented. 

Mareka took her time to look at all the paintings that were put up for display. 

Once she was done browsing, she headed towards the organizer to ask about the mystery painter. They handed her a brochure and on it at the 17th page she found her mystery painter. It was the same man who had been standing beside her criticizing his own painting. His name.. Sergei Guronovich, one of the most renowned painters of the time. He was based out of Paris and had long dark hair upto his neck and a handsome face with dark brown eyes and an athletic build. Women went weak in the knees at the mere sight of him.

She felt a little embarrassed at the way she had behaved. But then he had led her on.. she tried to locate him to complement him but couldn't find him anywhere. Deciding that he must've left, she decided to head home herself. 

As she stepped out of the gallery and headed towards a cab, a limousine came and halted in front of her. The door opened to reveal Sergei who beckoned to her.

"May I be of assistance?"

"Only if you let me apologize for being rude.. you could've told me it was you I was looking for to complement on that magnificent piece of art."

"It is magnificent yes, but not as magnificent as you my dear. May I drop you to wherever it is that you are going.."

Mareka hesitated just for a second and then acquiesced.

It was a half an hour journey to her place from there. 

"I have seen some of your other paintings.. I quite adore the one with the doves in it.."

"I agree with you.. I personally think it is my best.." agreed Sergei.

"You do have an eye for these things don't you.. You are an artist in your own right Madame.."

"Please call me Mareka."

"Mareka.. what a beautiful name you have. How I would love to capture your beauty on canvas.."

"You flatter me Sergei.."

"Tell me Mareka, would it be too much to ask you to accompany a simple soul such as I to my humble abode for a nightcap?" 

"Much as I would like to Sergei, I'm sorry, I have somebody waiting for me at home.."

Sergei looked crestfallen. 

"Oh Ok! Maybe some other time then.. I shall take you straight back to your place.." said Sergei.

"Thank you.. I stay at Mullhoney drive.."

Sergei directed the driver to take them there. He didn't talk much for the rest of the journey. Mareka kissed him good night when they reached and gave him her number.

"Call me and we can meet up.."

That seemed to cheer Sergei up a bit..

He waited till she went inside then drove away. Inwardly Mareka thought of him as such a gentleman. If she hadn't been into women, maybe she would've given him some consideration. Yet there was a slight feeling of attraction within her even at that moment as she stepped into the house; To find the hallway lit with scented candles. 

She headed towards the bedroom and when she got there, the bed was covered in rose petals. Mareka smiled.

The door to the bathroom opened and there stood Serona in sexy lingerie. She was wearing suspenders, with black underwear and black stockings and a black tight fitting bra. 

Mareka gushed..

"Wow.."

Serona walked up to her..

"Just don't say anything else and kiss me.." she said kissing Mareka long and hard, her lips playing over Mareka's and her tongue entwining with her's. 

She pushed Mareka on the bed and climbed on top of her, then continued to kiss her, letting their bodies push against each other, her vagina pressing into hers, gently thrusting as she continued to kiss her. She then lifted Mareka's dress to reveal her panty already getting wet. She took it off to reveal Mareka's pussy, wet with the need to be satisfied. Serona used her index finger to tantalisingly finger Mareka's clitoris making Mareka gasp with pleasure and squirm to the movement of her finger. After letting her writhe around for a bit, she inserted her finger into her tight pussy and started to probe deeper, trying to reach as far inside as possible. She started to move her finger inside her tantalisingly, making her more wet till her cum started to flow down the lips of her pussy. Simultaneously she started licking her clitoris as she fingered her. Mareka started to moan with pleasure as she started to move her hips to match the movements of Serona's tongue. 

Serona stopped for a moment to look at Mareka who's face was now red with excitement.

"Oh please don't stop now.. don't stop.." said Mareka as Serona smiled at her and then continued to lick her clitoris. 

Mareka started to move a little more urgently now as she grabbed the pillow behind her. As her thrusts became stronger and more urgent, she dug her nails into the pillow. Finally she came, squirting her cum over Serona's tongue and hand.

She lay there for a bit exhausted then smiled at Serona. 

"Come here you devil you.." she said grabbing hold of Serona and kissing her longingly, passionately. As she kissed her, Mareka slid her hand down Serona's panty and started to play with her pussy, running her fingers up and down her Vagina tantalisingly. 

This time it was Serona's turn to gasp as she squirmed and held her head back to enjoy the feeling of Mareka's finger on her pussy.

"Time for me to return the favour.." said Mareka taking off Serona's panty. She tore open her bra and started to suck Serona's left nipple, furiously fingering her at the same time. Serona started to moan louder and louder as she moved up and down against the motion of Mareka's finger. 

When she was sufficiently wet, Mareka lay down and brought Serona's pussy over her face. Serona held onto the headboard. And positioned her vagina over Mareka's mouth. 

Slowly, tantalisingly at first, Mareka started to lick Serona's pussy. As Serona moaned and started to move her pussy, Mareka used her hand to pleasure herself. With her other hand, she guided Serona's hips. As Serona started to moan louder and thrust more urgently, Mareka said

"Tell me when you feel like coming..".

Then she continued to lick Serona's pussy which was getting very sticky and very wet. Very soon Serona started to feel the feeling of an orgasm building up inside her.

"I'm about to come.." she said her voice hoarse with lust.

Mareka moved the hand controlling Serona's hips to her ass and gently started to thrust her finger into Serona's ass. This drove her wild as she started to gasp and move faster. Her thrusting became so intense that she was nearly smothering Mareka. But Mareka continued to finger her in the ass relentlessly until Serona closed her legs around her face and came all over it, screaming with pleasure. 

Suddenly they heard a sound outside their window. Serona quickly got off Mareka and reached for a gown. Mareka got up and ran over to the window. She got there just in time to see a limousine driving away. It looked a lot like Sergei's limousine. Mareka was angry at first. That bastard must've seen everything.. 

"Did you see who it was?" said Serona joining her at the window.

"No, whoever it was left in a hurry.."

"Shall I call the cops?"

"No let it be.. lets go to sleep.." said Mareka taking Serona into her arms and moving towards the bed.. 

Soon Serona was fast asleep in her arms but Mareka couldn't get any sleep. At first she had been angry at Sergei. But then she had thought about how rude she had been to him and he had been such a gentleman. He was a man of such high stature, an artist par excellence. Surely she could forgive him this one insolence. 

Finally she decided that if she were ever to run into him again, she would have words with him, stern words.

She didn't have to wait too long. 

A month later she got an invitation to attend the latest exhibition of Serge's art. It was titled 'The erotic overtures of sinless creatures'. 

She hadn't told Serona that she knew it had been Sergei that night. Knowing Serona she would've made a big deal out of it and would've even filed criminal charges against Sergei. Something that Sergie didn't really deserve thought Mareka. A simple proverbial slap on the wrist would do.

She told Serona that she would be going alone and she was free to stay back at home. At first Serona showed surprise that she didn't want to take her along but Mareka told her that she didn't want to bore her to death like last time. Serona didn't put up too much of a fight and agreed fairly quickly.

And so it was that Mareka found herself at the Gallery in a stunning shimmering black dress matched with high heels and matching ear rings. She wore red lipstick and a hint of make up and looked positively radiant that night. Serona had whistled as she was leaving making a show of covering her heart with her hands and falling over dead.

When she reached the venue, Mareka wasn't really paying attention, if she had she would've noticed a lot of heads turning in her direction, some admiring her more than the paintings. But she was fixated on her goal.

As she browsed, she came across a painting that piqued her interest. It was of 2 women, entwined in the throws of passion and as they lay there on the bed making love, behind them was a window through which the moon was looking and smiling. 

That settled that. Sergei had definitely been there that night.

"Ah Madame, I see that once again you have located the best of the lot.."

Sergei had magically appeared beside her.

"The painting truly is impressive... your antics that night.. not so much Sergie.." she returned icily. Sergei's bubble seemed to have burst.

"I.. I would like for you to give me a chance to explain Madame.." he managed to splutter.

"Ok, what do you have to say for yourself" said Mareka finally looking towards him and fixing him with a stern glare.

"Shall we go to a more private area?"

They ended up on one of the balconies overlooking the city, bathed in the moonlight, looking beautiful. 

"Well.." said Mareka waiting for him to begin.

"You see Madame, it is like this. When you left, you left a void in my heart. My heart felt heavy that night as I dropped you at your doorstep. I had to see you one more time before I left for Paris. So I decided to come back and say good bye to you. It was late and I thought that you must be asleep. I did not want to wake your friend because quite frankly she scared me. So I decided to climb up and knock on the window to see if you were awake and maybe we could talk a bit longer. I was guessing that your friend must already be asleep at the time. And so I climbed up but when I saw the two of you making love, I was enraptured.. never had I seen such a beautiful sight before. It was as if I were witnessing the angels themselves making love. I had to stay and watch and when I got back that night, the image stayed with me. I had to put it up on canvas.."

"Are you saying you watched us make love for the sake of art. Don't bullshit me Sergei.." said Mareka flaring up.

"No mademoiselle you are right, to say so would be a lie. I wanted to see you, I had to see you; And when I saw what I saw, I just couldn't leave. I had to see you writhing with pleasure and to tell you the truth I quite imagined myself in your lover's place."

"Well you know now that I'm not into guys.."

"But madame, have you ever been with a man?"

"No" said Mareka.

Suddenly Sergei kissed her. He was very gentle and his breath smelled lovely. It was a short kiss after which Sergei stopped to look at Mareka. She did not seem angry.

She licked her lips..

"Well that wasn't so bad.. do it again.." she said.

This time Sergie kissed her long and tenderly, his lips caressing her lips. He started to lean into her and she could feel him getting hard as he pressed his body into her's.

"Stop Sergie.. please stop for a bit.." she said placing her hands on his chest and gently moving him away.

"What is the matter Madame.. I hope I did not hurt you.." said Sergei concerned.

"No Sergei you didn't hurt me.. but this is wrong.. I love Serona.. but this feeling.. it is so new.. I am confused."

Sergei gave her a moment.

"It is ok Mareka.. just give yourself to the feeling.. I assure you it is something you may never feel again.."

He turned her around and took her in his arms.

He then kissed her again, on the lips and on her throat and on her chest just above her breasts. She liked it, it was a whole different kind of feeling, the kind of feeling she had never felt with Serona. She felt surprised as she started to get aroused and she started to kiss Sergei back, using her tongue and her lips. Slowly Sergie slid the straps of her dress down her shoulders and lowered the dress to reveal her bra. He then unhooked her bra to reveal her shapely breasts, her nipples taught with excitement.

"What if somebody sees us?" she said covering her breasts, feeling embarrassed.

"Don't worry Mareka, nobody is going to come here.. they are too busy filling their stomachs and admiring my paintings."

He moved her arms to reveal her breasts, the moon casting a faint glow on them. Gently he suckled her right breast and with his hand he started to finger her pussy gently over her underwear. 

Mareka moaned with pleasure. It certainly was different with a man she thought as she got more and more aroused.

Sergei lowered her dress further till it dropped to the floor leaving Mareka standing there naked save for her underwear which was wet with her juices. 

He then stepped back and took of his coat, his bowtie and proceeded to gently unbutton his shirt to reveal a chiselled frame. He took off his shirt and then proceeded to slowly unbuckle his belt and unzip his pant which he took off and threw on the floor next to Mareka's dress. He stood there for a bit and let Mareka look at him, his erection clearly showing through his briefs. 

Mareka's eyes betrayed her desire to look at his penis so he slowly took off his underwear to reveal his penis, taught with excitement, the pre cum making the tip of his penis glisten in the moonlight.

Mareka moved towards him slowly, her eyes fixated on his penis. She took it in his hands and gently caressed it, feeling it, weighing it enjoying its feel against her hand. 

Sergei moaned with pleasure and his penis twitched in her hand. She knelt down and kissed the head of his penis, then started to playfully lick it, gently like a cat. This made Sergei go weak in the knees and he took the support of the banister behind him. 

Mareka liked the effect she was having on him. She smiled at Sergei and then continued to lick his penis. She pulled back his foreskin to reveal the head of his penis, then proceeded to gently lick it from underneath, just below the head where it met the shaft. His penis started to twitch spasmodically. She decided to continue and see what it did to Sergei. His eyes were closed and his hips moved slightly to the licking of her tongue. He started to groan with pleasure.

"Oh Mareka what are you doing to me.." he said, his pleasure visibly heightened at this point.

As she continued to lick, his entire body started to shake uncontrollably.

"Mareka you have to stop.. please stop.." he said his voice husky. He wanted to stop her but the feeling was so great that he couldn't will himself to. 

"Mareka.. please.. I'm going to come.. please stop.." he warned her again. Mareka was beyond convincing, she was aroused and very excited to see what it would be like to make him come. She continued to lick more urgently. She could see little droplets of pre cum already forming at the tip of his penis. She continued and then suddenly took the head of his penis into her mouth. 

At that point Sergei came, his body convulsing and spasming as he came inside her mouth, his body buckling and he had to take support on her shoulders. She continued to suck till he stopped coming and his penis became tender..

"Stop stop stop Mareka.. That's it I am done.." said Sergei exhausted.

Mareka stopped and stood up.

"You're done! But what about me.." she said a tad disappointed.

"Gimme a minute Madame and I will make sure you do not leave disappointed."

"Promise me you will make me come like I made you come.." said Mareka.

"Oh that I promise. You will suffer the same fate as I have.."

Sergie kissed her again, hungrily, his tongue meeting with her tongue, his body leaning into hers causing him to start getting an erection again. He directed her hand to his penis and made her caress it so that his penis became harder and harder. He started to finger Mareka as he kissed her. Mareka started to moan as her pussy started to become dripping wet. 
