 Part IV

Chapter 1

It was barely light outside when I slipped my arm from around Abigail and crawled out of her bed. I dressed quietly, wrote a note to her and left it on the nightstand. I thanked Abigail for a delightful evening and said I would see her on Monday. As I left the house I decided to slip around to the back to see if Maria was up yet. She was an early riser so I thought I would take a chance. The truth was that I couldn't wait to tell her the good news about her boyfriend. 

I saw that there was a light on so I tapped lightly on the door. A minute later, the door opened and I saw Maria peek her head from the opening. Her hair was damp and she looked like she had just taken a shower. "Good morning," I whispered.  "I'm sorry to disturb you but I have some good news and I couldn't wait to tell you."

"Hi Jim," she said and smiled but looked a little nervous. She was wearing a white terry-cloth robe that she held closed at her chest. 

I was a little surprised when she didn't open the door for me to come inside. Then I looked behind her and saw a pretty young girl standing in the doorway of the bedroom. She was dark skinned like Maria but smaller. It appeared that she had a bed sheet wrapped around her. I said, "Oh I'm sorry, I didn't know that you had a guest." I think I saw Maria blush.

"Sorry Jim," Maria said. She opened the door a little wider and turned her head toward the young girl and said, "This is a friend of mine, Juanita.  She is visiting America."

"Hi," I said and waived my hand at her. She responded with a shy wave.

"Juanita doesn't speak much English. She is staying with some friends in Roxbury but spent last night with me."

It appeared as though they had slept together since she was standing in the doorway to Maria's bedroom and seemed to be naked under the sheet. I tried not to look surprised, but I was, just a little. However, I knew from growing up with sisters that girls often sleep together platonically and think nothing of it. It's an entirely different story for guys. 

Suddenly, I realized that no one was speaking and that I was staring. I regained my composure and said, "Listen, I can come back later."

"No... uh... please come in." She opened the door wider and said, "I was just going to fix breakfast. Would you like to join us?"

I hesitated for a second and then stepped inside. "Uh... no thanks. Maria, I just wanted to tell you that Juan should be coming back to the U.S. soon. His green card is going to be returned."

For a second, Maria looked at me like she didn't understand. Then the cobwebs began to clear and suddenly her face lit up. "Oh my God," she screamed and leaped into my arms. I stumbled backward and fell over the arm of the sofa with Maria on top of me, nearly throwing both of us to the floor. She began kissing my face and squirming in unbridled excitement. I could feel the warmth of her naked body under her robe and, although I had been very satisfied last night, I felt myself getting excited. By the time her lips found mine I was hard. Then I suddenly remembered that we had an audience. I pushed Maria off of me and sat up, trying to regain my composure.

Maria turned to Juanita and told her in excited Spanish what had happened. The young girl's face broke into a bright smile and she put her hand over her mouth to stifle a scream.  

Maria turned back to me and hugged me again. "What happened... how... when...?" she gushed in excitement. Then she curled up next to me with her legs under her, waiting for the story. 

"Well, it appears that it was all a big mistake. Juan's name got confused with a less desirable person that is in this country illegally. The INS is still looking for him. But Maria, the truth is that I didn't do much."

"No, no, no, I know you did it," Maria said and began to kiss and hug me again.

If she wanted to believe that I had done it, then who was I to dissuade her. Forgetting about our audience, I turned the sexy woman until she was lying in my arms. 

"Kiss me," she said as she stared up at me.

I brought my lips down to hers and moaned as I felt her tongue immediately enter my mouth. Then, to my total surprise she reached for my hand and brought it to her covered breast. As I continued to kiss her, my hand slipped inside her robe and grasped one soft and warm mound of flesh. We both moaned as our kisses turned very passionate. 

I pulled away briefly and looked up. I saw Juanita watching us with excitement on her face. My hand was still on Maria's breast, under her robe, as I cleared my throat. Maria opened her eyes and turned to look at her friend. Then, to my surprise, she sat up and slipped her robe from her shoulders, baring both breasts. Without a word she went back into my arms, pulled my head down and almost forced a hard nipple into my mouth. I moaned again and began to suck. 

Maria began to squirm with excitement and I could feel her hips moving on the sofa. Boldly I reached my hand down and slipped it between her thighs. If she didn't care that her friend was watching I wasn't going to worry about it either. I felt her tremble and then she opened her legs allowing my hand free access to her already wet sex. My finger searched through her fat lips until I found her pulsing hole. I pushed my finger inside her warm tunnel. Suddenly, the room was electrified with our passion. I sucked first one breast and then the other as my finger began to move in and out. 

"Oh yes, don't stop," Maria moaned as she gasped for breath and moved her hips in rhythm with my finger movement. 

I had no intention of stopping. However, just as I was moving my mouth to her other nipple I felt something. I pulled my head back and saw Juanita standing at my knees, totally naked. I must have gasped because Maria opened her eyes. I looked from one woman to the other. I couldn't read either expression and for a moment I was worried that I was going to be in the middle of a fight. I had the sudden urge to run. Then I saw the corners of Maria's lips turn up in an almost imperceptible smile. She pulled my head back down to her now heaving breast. As I began to suck her nipple again I felt Juanita push my legs apart and go to her knees. Maria sat up and let Juanita have room. My heart was pounding in my chest as I looked down and saw the big brown eyes of Maria's friend staring back at me. I groaned when she reached for the zipper of my pants. Maria pulled my head back to her breast to cut off any protest. A second later I felt my belt buckle being opened. Maria leaned close to my ear and whispered, "Lift up."

I continued to suck her nipple as I lifted my hips and let Juanita pull my pants to my ankles. As usual I wasn't wearing underwear. 

I heard a gasp and then I heard Juanita say "Beautiful." The cool room air on my naked lower half forced a tremor of excitement through me. A second later I felt a warm hand wrap around my throbbing penis. At that point, I wrenched my head from Maria's grasp. What I saw almost made me climax; Juanita was on her knees between my legs, her face just inches from my exposed groin. She was staring at my throbbing penis with her dark brown eyes wide open. A shudder went through my legs as I watched her stick out her tongue and begin to lick my balls. Then I moaned and spread my legs wider, throwing my head back in submission. Suddenly I felt the young girl's mouth on my penis. I gasped and lifted my hips. I closed my eyes in fear that the incredible sight would have me climaxing in her face. If I hadn't had sex with Abigail so recently I probably would have climaxed.

Maria slipped her hand down and joined Juanita's as she turned back to me and pressed her warm and wet mouth to mine. I moaned almost helplessly as both women brought me incredible pleasure. In my wildest dreams I never imagined I would actually be having sex with two women at the same time. My hips began to move up and down as both women worked on me. Juanita would suck the head of my penis as Maria pumped the shaft.

"Juanita is a good... how you say... 'Cock sucker'," Maria whispered and laughed. "You'd never believe that she's a virgin."

I was so far gone that Maria's words barely registered. However, she was quite right about her friend being a good "Cock sucker." Her mouth felt like a vacuum cleaner. She would suck the head then lick down the shaft to my balls and back again. Then she would use her tongue to make little butterfly flicks just under the head. I felt her hand cupping my testicles while Maria continued to squeeze my penis. 

I was moving rapidly toward a climax when Maria said something to Juanita that I couldn't quite hear. I watched as Maria moved slightly away from me and relaxed back onto the sofa. Then, to my total amazement, Juanita slipped from between my legs and knelt between Maria's. I hadn't thought that I could get anymore excited than I already was. I was wrong.

Juanita began to kiss slowly up Maria's soft thighs. Her tongue came out and left a wet trail as she moved closer and closer to the older woman's vagina. Then Maria moaned something in Spanish that I couldn't understand and almost violently pulled the girl's head until her mouth was buried in her wet flesh.

"Oh yes little darling, eat me!" Maria gasped in her native language. I understood that. Her hips began to move up and down as she directed the young girl's mouth. It was apparent that this wasn't the first time they had done this.

My excitement was greater than anything I had ever felt before or maybe since. I stared in fascination as the two women lost themselves in mutual pleasure. I could see that Juanita's face was getting very wet, attesting to Maria's excitement. I knew what that felt like. But Juanita didn't seem to mind and her mouth began to work more frantically. The sounds of her sucking mouth echoed around the room. It appeared that Maria was getting very close to a climax. However, before that could happen she pushed Juanita gently away. I could see a surprised look on the girl's face.

I sat in stunned silence, still unable to believe what was happening, as Maria turned to me. "Fuck me," she gasped. Then without asking she pushed me back and threw her leg across my waist, straddling my middle. A second later her large chest was pressed against me and she was searching for my penis with her hand. Juanita found it first. I could feel her mouth cover the head one last time before she fitted my penis to Maria's more than ready hole. When the head touched the hole, Maria hissed in pleasure and with one quick movement took me to the hilt. All three of us moaned.

Maria began to move slowly up and down as her mouth devoured mine. Soon we were rutting like two dogs in heat; my penis slipping in and out of her pulsing hole, making a sloppy sucking sound as her hips moved up and down in a rapid jerking fashion. Just when I thought the pleasure couldn't get any better, I felt Juanita moving closer to where our bodies were connected. I gasped as she began to lick my balls again. Her tongue started there and quickly moved upward until it was sliding up and down on the exposed section of my now very wet penis. 

"Oh Jesus Maria," I gasped as the combination of Juanita's tongue and the tightness of Maria's vagina brought me close to my peak.

"Yes, yes, yes!" Maria screamed and her body began to convulse as she bounced up and down in abandon now. 

"Ohhhhh!" I moaned as my balls tightened and suddenly I began to shoot my cream into her grasping hole. 

Juanita struggled to keep her face at our joined groins as the two of us shuddered in climax. Maria clenching hole and Juanita's searching tongue made my climax last for what seemed like a long, long time. My testicles felt like they were shrivel to nothing as the sperm left them and filled Maria's willing hole. 

A few seconds later Maria collapsed on top of me, her breathing ragged like mine. Her head was buried in my neck and I could feel her hot breath on my skin. When she could finally speak again, she whispered "Thank you."

"I should be thanking you," I answered breathlessly.

"No, I mean for getting Juan's card back."

I started to again say that I hadn't really done anything but it didn't seem necessary. Instead I whispered, "You're more than welcome." 

Maria slowly lifted up and I felt my rapidly shrinking penis slip out of her. She flopped down on the sofa beside me. When we looked down, we saw Juanita still on her knees between my legs with a wide smile on her face. I had briefly forgotten about her in the heat of our climax.

Maria startled me when she said, "Mr. Adams is all messy Juanita. Be a good girl and clean him up."

With that Juanita moved back toward my groin and began to lick away our combined juices. I stared in amazement as she used her tongue to clean me like a cat licking milk from a bowl. I felt tingling in my groin again. However, after the two episodes of sex in less than eight hours, there was no way I was getting hard. 

When the pretty dark haired girl was done with me she sat back with a shy smile and licked her wet lips. I saw Maria smile at her and then she slowly opened her legs. Without hesitation Juanita moved between them. I watched as she began to kiss up Maria's soft thighs again. Maria leaned back on the sofa and closed her eyes. Her hands slipped down and grasped Juanita's hair. She directed her face toward her saturated groin and moaned contentedly as her familiar lips touched her swollen vagina. 

Within seconds both women were so absorbed that it was as if I was no longer in the room. I watched for a few minutes until I began to feel like a "third wheel." I said, "I guess I had better get going before Abigail wakes up."

Maria's eyes opened and she looked over at me and said, "Would you like to stay for breakfast?" Maria face was glowing with lust again and her legs were now over Juanita's shoulders, her thighs squeezing her cheeks tightly. All that I could see of Juanita face was her forehead and her eyebrows. 

"I'd love to but I really have to get back to Bo. Can I take a rain check?"

"Anytime," she sighed with a dreamy look on her face.

I got up, put my pants on and walked to the door. As I stepped outside, I took one last look back and saw Maria pulling Juanita up and their lips going together. I shook my head in amazement.

Chapter 2

I walked around my house in a fog for the rest of the day. The events of the last 24 hours were muddling my thoughts. I thought of Abigail, Maria and Juanita. I couldn't believe that I had had sex with three beautiful women in one day. I was starting to think that this couldn't be real or that I had died and gone to heaven. 

The ringing telephone brought me out of my haze for a moment. It was Katie.

"Hi Katie."

"Hi," she said brightly. "I was thinking that I don't really have anything to do tomorrow and was wondering if you wanted to go on a little picnic... I know a wonderful place not far from here... its beautiful and so peaceful." She said the words in a rush, nervously.

I hesitated for a second. I am embarrassed to admit that I thought about her being a virgin and that there might not be sex involved. 

Before I could respond Katie said, "I'm sorry, I guess you have plans."

"Uh no... no I don't... I'd love to go on a picnic," I responded quickly. 

"Are you sure?"

"Yes. I'm just a little fogy this early in the morning. Do you mind if I bring Bo?"

"Of course, that's why I'm inviting you," she said with a smile in her voice and then added, "I love Bo but I figured that you wouldn't let him go without you."

We both laughed.

"I'll prepare everything and even pick you up. How about 11 A.M.?"

I could hear excitement in her voice and I smiled at her enthusiasm. "Great. I'll bring the wine. See you tomorrow."

It took me the rest of the day to finally get the cobwebs from my mind. When I did, I began to think of Katie. She was a sweet and beautiful girl and the kind that I could easily get hung up on. However, it wasn't a good time for a monogamous relationship for me. I obviously still had some wild oats to sow. 



I was ready and waiting outside with Bo when Katie pulled up on Sunday morning. I was relieved to see that she was driving an old station wagon because I was worried about Bo trashing her car. The wagon didn't look like it could be trashed anymore than it already was. 

Katie got out of the car and opened the back and I let Bo jump in. She was wearing a pair of tan safari shorts that fit her buttocks like a second skin and flared at the leg openings. On top she was wearing a yellow, long sleeved shirt that was tied in a knot at her stomach. The sleeves were rolled up and there were several buttons open in the front. I could see her orange sized breasts bouncing freely as she walked. The dark outlines of her nipples were clearly visible under the thin material. 

I had on a pair of cargo shorts, sandals and a tight v-neck T-shirt.

It was a beautiful and warm "Indian summer" day as we headed out of town toward the mountains. 

"Where are we going?" I asked.

"There is a little lake in the mountains north of here. There shouldn't be anyone there this time of year." Katie looked at me with a wide grin.

I wasn't sure what the grin meant but there was a sparkle in her eyes.

It took a little over an hour to reach the lake. We turned off the main road and Katie followed a pine tree lined dirt road until we came to a clearing overlooking a large lake. 

"Wow," I said as we jumped out of the car and stood with Katie on a hill overlooking the lake below. There was a well-worn path down the hill to a small sandy beach. "Bo's going to love this," I said. I went around and let him out of the back. We took the picnic basket and a blanket and walked down the hill. Bo suddenly took off toward the lake. He loves the water and he was already in by the time we got to the bottom of the hill. We spread the blanket out and sat down.

"Look at Bo!" Katie laughed.

He was swimming around chasing geese. They would take flight for a few seconds and land a few yards away from the furiously swimming dog. They seemed to find him more of a nuisance than a threat.

"He'll never catch them but that doesn't stop him from trying," I laughed. Then I leaned back on my elbow, propped my head on my hand and looked at the pretty girl sitting next to me. "This is nice. Thanks for inviting me."

"You're welcome," Katie answered as she leaned back on both elbows. The action served to stretch her blouse over her breasts, outlining the curves and the dark nipples. She was staring out at the lake and apparently didn't see me looking. "I used to come here all the time," she said almost in a sigh. "It's so peaceful and quite. It's a great place to think. Especially when life seems to be moving too fast."

I realized that this was a special place for Katie and I suddenly felt honored that she had invited me. I was still staring at her beautiful profile when she turned and smiled at me. 

"What?" she asked.

"You're beautiful." 

She blushed and changed the subject, asking, "Are you hungry?"

"I could eat."

We took the food out of the basket and set it up on the blanket. Katie had prepared ham sandwiches, homemade potato salad, macaroni salad, and fudge brownies. She also took out the only thing I had contributed-the bottle of wine.

"You went to a lot of trouble. I feel like such a mooch," I said as she opened the salads and prepared the plates. 

"Nonsense. I love to cook."

"Beautiful and a cook too! Quite a powerful combination." Suddenly I realized how chauvinistic that sounded. 

However, Katie smiled and didn't seem to take offense. 

The salads were delicious. I hadn't thought I was hungry but I finished everything and asked for more. A while later, most of the food was gone and the wine bottle was empty. We were lying on the blanket looking up at the bright sun in a wine-induced haze when suddenly a torrent of water cascaded over us. Both of us screamed and jumped up. Bo was shaking his body violent to throw water off his coat.
