 Fatima

I open my mail to the familiar sight of "OVERDUE" and "FINAL WARNING". My landlord was threatening to evict me. My bills were mounting and I had a constant sinking feeling. It was approaching winter and they were threatening to shut down the gas supply. A Michigan winter was tougher than most winters.

I was in debt and I could not escape. My job did not pay me enough to cover my debts. I worked at a local store.

I was grateful for the job but financially I was struggling and I needed a better paying job. My problem was that I had limited skills and my education finished at high school.

I was at the library looking for good paying jobs. I could not see much for my skills or education. I was 23 and still young enough to develop in any job but most jobs needed experience.

I saw a posting that was looking for a live-in maid. The pay was double the amount I was earning. Also not having to worry about bills or rent would save me from the mess my life was turning into.

A number was left at the bottom of the post for anyone interested in the job. I texted my interest and he agreed to meet me the next day. He seemed to need someone urgently for the job.

The house was out of the city and it cost me more than I expected to get there. This set me back as I was already struggling with finances. I really needed the job.

I walked up to the door and after a few minutes an older gentleman opened the door for me. He looked to be in his 50's with greying hair.

He seemed to be surprised by my appearance. I dress in traditional Islamic clothing and this means I cover my face and head with hijab and niqab.

****************

Harvey

I was used to being on my own after my wife passed away 5 years ago. I could take care of myself. I was a marine for 10 years and I always took care of myself. Since leaving the Marines I have worked in the private security industry and I have now been able to retire comfortably.

I was independent until my recent motorcycle accident. I was looking for a maid to help me around the house and I sometimes need some help with my mobility. Using private companies was costing me too much.

I was slightly surprised at her appearance. There are not that many open Muslims in Michigan. I was used to the sight of burkha clad Muslim women when I served in Iraq so this was not a problem for me. Her body was distracting. Her tits looked enormous in the jibe she was wearing. Maybe it was just the clothing. I was staring and acting like a dirty old man.

She seemed nervous about meeting me. It was not a formal interview, I just wanted it to be an informal getting to know you meeting. I did not receive much interest in the job so I was pleased to have someone turn up for the job. I was offering a lot less than what I was having to pay the private companies. I thought the offer of the spare room would incentivise someone. I preferred having a normal person than someone employed by a company.

I missed having a woman's touch around the house so she was the ideal candidate, big titted lady. She seemed really nervous and I tried to ease her into the meeting, "thanks for coming. You came from the city. Did you find the journey ok?" 

She seemed to be a bit shy, "It was ok. Thank you for the interview."

I wanted her to feel at ease, "it is not an interview. I just want you to understand the job and see if we can work something out between us".

I explained that I was having difficulty taking care of the house since my wife passed away and my recent accident. I had difficulty some days with getting around when my injuries flared up. I explained her duties. She helped me up the stairs and I showed her the bedroom where she would be staying if she got the job.

We went back down and I showed her the kitchen and garden. It felt nice having a woman in the house again. I had to sit down as my injuries did not allow me to stand for long. She seemed to be more comfortable in the house.

************

Fatima

I was feeling really nervous. I was desperate for the job. It would take me out of my financial black hole but he had not offered me the job yet.

We were sat at the dining table and he said, "I need someone that can take care of the house and also help me sometimes as I can have problems moving around. But I understand for a young girl like you this might not be an interesting job. And your family might not like you living with a white man"

I really needed the job, he thought I was not interested and my emotions just began to overwhelm me. I looked away as I began to cry, I just felt I was losing control of my life.

He surprised me by putting his arm around me to comfort me. It felt nice to have someone show such affection towards me. I had been so hurt in the past by men.

Through sobs I said, "I am sorry. My life is a disaster. My family has abandoned me. I really need this job and I would be the best maid you can have."

He pulled me into an embrace, "Don't cry baby. Why did your family abandon you?"

His affection was touching my heart, "I made a mistake about 18 months ago and my family left me."

He seemed to genuinely care, "What mistake could you have made? You don't have to tell me. You have the job. You can move in tomorrow."

I couldn't help myself. I hugged him tightly and said, "Thank you."

************

Harvey

She turned up at 9.50am in the morning. She did not have much luggage with her. 

As we greeted each other she said, "Thank you so much. You have saved me."

She seemed genuine but a career in security had taught me you cannot trust anyone. As a precaution I had set up hidden cameras in all the rooms in the house.

Her body was amazing. Her breasts seemed so large on such a tiny frame. She only seemed 5'2" but her body looked amazing. Her ass looked so big. I was turning into a dirty old pervert again. I tried to shake the thoughts from my head. She was young enough to be my daughter.

***************

Fatima

I was so grateful to Harvey for giving me the opportunity to start again. 

I wanted to show him how grateful I was and I got started straight away. 

I asked, "Have you had any breakfast?"

He said as he was waiting for me so he had not had the opportunity. I cooked him a big breakfast to show my gratitude.

I cleaned up the downstairs and I washed the bathrooms and kitchen. Harvey had been in his study in the morning and he finally came out at 3.00pm to see how I was doing. 

He seemed pleased, "Wow. You have done an amazing job. You have only been here half the day."

I blushed, "Thank you. I still need to cook lunch for you."

He said, "Don't worry about lunch. We will order some take out. You deserve a break. You should settle into your room and relax for a while."

I liked the way he looked at me but he did not seem to make much eye contact. He had intense eyes though.

I went to my room and collapsed on the bed. The bed was nice and comfortable. I was going to enjoy being here. I had my own bathroom and I liked that I had privacy even though I was living with a stranger.

****************

Harvey

I knew I shouldn't but I could not help myself. I had a link to the camera in her bedroom on my cellphone. It was in the smoke alarm. I was hoping to catch her naked body but she was on the bed fully clothed. It was going to be tough living with her. She was bringing out the old pervert in me.

She started opening up her suitcase. She took out a collection of hijabs, niqabs and jilbabs. She then took out heavy padded bras. They looked like maternity bras but this could not be right. 

She then took out a couple of thongs. Maybe this girl was not the pious Muslim girl she made herself out to be. I wondered what thong she was wearing now.

This girl was a walking wet dream. I desperately wanted to see her naked. 

She took out her pink thong and fresh clothes. My hand was stroking my cock as I looked on. I whispered, "please get naked. Take out those titties." I was stroking faster and faster.

She then opened the bathroom door. And I groaned in frustration. I did not have a camera in the bathroom as I did not want to invade her privacy. Now I regretted that decision.

*********

Harvey

She came down at 8.00pm and I ordered us a Chinese takeout. She looked amazing.

The atmosphere was quiet but I wanted to get to the bottom of what went wrong in her life, "What problems were you having?"

*************

Fatima

I felt I could trust him and he had done everything to take care of me so far. No one had shown me this much love in a long time.

I wanted to be more open with him, "My family are really strict Muslims. I was not allowed to talk to boys or men all my life. I was not allowed to go to university because my parents feared me meeting

other boys or men."

He asked, "Your family sounds controlling. What happened then?"

I went on, "My family allowed me to work after a lot of begging but only in the Muslim community. I was working as a babysitter for a Muslim family. Over time I got close to the husband and he would buy me gifts. The gifts became more sexual over time. I ended up losing my virginity to him."

It felt nice to be able to share this with someone. I had been alone the last 18 months since my family discovered my secret.

He asked, "How did your family find out?"

I had to share everything with him, "I became pregnant and I could not hide it from my family. I gave up the baby for adoption as I did not have the money to take care of it."

I broke down as I told him. He comforted me again. He hugged me tightly.

He said, "I am so sorry for what you went through. I promise to support you as long as you need it".

It felt so good having his support. I had never felt this lucky.

***********

Harvey

I could not believe what she had just told me. The gifts from the older gentlemen explained the thongs. She had not been fucked in over a year and she must be desperate for a fuck.

I now knew that she was not an innocent Muslim virgin, so I could start planning to seduce her. I needed to show her I would support her and take of her. 

I said, "I want you to settle in here permanently. Tell me what you need."

She seemed unsure, "Thank you. You have done so much for me already. I can't ask for anything else."

I offered, "You did not seem to have much luggage and I have not seen you in any normal clothes. I want to help you."

She said, "Since moving out of my parents' home I have not had the money to spend on clothes. I only wear Islamic clothes because that is all my parents allowed me to wear. I have not bought undergarments or sleeping clothes in a long time."

This was an invitation that I could not resist, "Give me your measurements and I will order you some new clothing."

She looked pleased and shyly said, "36-32-36".

I asked her openly as I stared at her breasts, "What is your bra cup?"

She gulped at this, I knew it was turning her on talking about her body with a stranger. She said, "double f."

Her titties were as big as I imagined. I could not wait to get my hands on them.

We went up to bed at 10.00pm.

************

Fatima

The way Harvey had treated me had gotten that old fire burning in me. He was so caring and supportive. I had never met a man so supportive. The last man I slept with denied any relationship once I told him about the pregnancy. He did not offer to support me when my family abandoned me. It was nice to meet a man that could be so supportive.

My breasts were full of milk again. I had been lactating since giving birth. It was frustrating that I had breasts full of milk but no baby to feed on them. I always produced more milk when I was horny and the way Harvey had treated me it had gotten my milk producing like crazy. It was leaking into my bra. I took off my clothes and got into bed. I was in my bra and pink thong.

I undid my bra and dropped it to the side of the bed. I attached the breast pump to my nipples. The milk was oozing out. My thoughts went back to the way Harvey was looking at my body. As he was looking at my breasts I could feel my nipples begin to leak and my pussy drip. I know he was only looking so he could figure out my measurements for the clothes. My body was hoping it was more sexual.

As I thought about Harvey, my pussy was getting wet and I could feel my thong getting wet. I always got horny when I milked my breasts but today it was different. The presence of Harvey was turning me on more than ever before. Knowing he was just in the next room.

My hands were on my breasts slowly, I was slowly massaging the milk out of them. The milking causes my nipples to become extremely sensitive. They have grown longer and bigger since I have started producing milk. The sensation of milking my breasts has gotten me so turned on. My thong is soaked.

My pussy needs urgent attention. I slipped my hand in to my thong and I started gently rubbing my clit.

My breasts have never ending supply of milk. My pussy is getting wetter and wetter. I am slowly encircling my clit as I can feel that familiar tension build in my cunt. 

I need to cum. That need has been there all day. Every moment I caught Harvey looking at me turned me on. I wanted him to take me and fuck me. I slid my fingers to my wet soaking cunt lips. They feel so wet and slick. I run my fingers up and down my pussy. I need to fuck my cunt so bad. I slide in two fingers and I rapidly finger my cunt. 

I moan out loud, "Oh fuck me, Harvey."

I cum in a mind blowing orgasm soaking my thong and bed.

***************

Harvey

I was watching intently at the most beautiful sight I had ever seen. She had the perfect body and those breasts were divine. I just wanted to drink that heavenly milk. It felt a waste for it to be drained from her glorious breasts and then wasted. Fatima was a beautiful sight naked and in the throes of orgasm. I came without touching my cock. I came the moment she said my name.

I never expected her to be interested in me sexually. I was old enough to be her dad but now I knew that she had a sexual interest in me it would be easier getting her to drop her panties for me. I needed to ramp up the sexual tension.

I picked up my laptop and looked for some clothing to order for Fatima. I ordered some dresses. I deliberately picked short dresses that would show off her legs. I picked some nightwear for her. I picked low cut and v neck tops that would show her cleavage. I also picked only shorts. I wanted her legs exposed. I ordered 4 thongs. 2 black, 1 red and 1 blue. One of the black thongs was crotch less. If she noticed I would pretend to be none the wiser.

When it came to bras I wanted to move away from the padded variety she chose. I decided to pick out 2 half cup bras and 2 quarter cup bras. I wanted her to know how I wanted to see her body. 

She would soon be my personal slut slave.

**********

Fatima

I had a good night's sleep. I needed that orgasm last night.

I went downstairs to prepare breakfast and start doing my jobs for the day. I wanted to show Harvey I was grateful for the job.

I made breakfast and I had done the cleaning. Harvey had still not come down for breakfast. I was beginning to get worried.

As I was about to see if he was ok. He came downstairs to have his breakfast. He greeted me with a big smile. He seemed to be in a good mood and relished the cooked breakfast. He remarked, "I have missed a woman's presence in the house. I am happy you took the job, Fatima".

It was a good start to the day.

*************

Harvey

After what I saw last night. I could not help myself. I waited until I heard Fatima go downstairs to cook breakfast. 

Once she began cooking I snuck into her room and sought out her dirty thong. She had left the pink thong by the side of her bed. I put it to my nose and inhaled her scent. She smelt so fragrant. I licked her dried cum from the thong. It tasted so good. I pulled out my cock and jerked off into the thong. I shot my cum into her thong and left it. I quickly rushed down before I was discovered. 

It was risky and it would have exposed me as a pervert but she had turned me into a horny high school teenager. I was constantly hard when she was around.

*********

Fatima

I went around the rooms to pick up the dirty laundry. I picked up my dirty thong first to hide it at the bottom of the basket. As I picked it up, I noticed it was still wet with my cum. I was ashamed at my horny pussy for causing me to drench my thong so desperately. I needed to be fucked. I had not had sex in over 18 months and I needed the feel of an older man dominating my body.

*************

Harvey

It had been over a week since Fatima had moved in and we had settled into a pattern. I became familiar with her routine. She was a hard worker and she was earning every dollar she received.

She had a simple routine every day. She would cook breakfast at 8.00am. We would eat together and have simple chat. She would then clean up and retire to her room at 10.00am. She would milk her breasts and sometimes masturbate. She would then finish up the rest of the jobs in looking after me and the house. Before she slept she would milk her breasts at 10.00pm. She seemed to need it every 12 hours. Every night as she milked her breasts she always masturbated.

She had started wearing the dresses and I liked the look of her legs. She still kept on her hijab but she only wore the niqab sometimes but it was nice to see her legs exposed. She kept them smooth with no hair and my mind immediately pictured her cunt being bald.

As we were having dinner I mentioned, "I like the dresses. You have sexy legs. Have you worn any of the other things I bought you?"

She seemed to blush. She was wearing a black dress. And a black hijab and niqab. The dress was short sleeved and came to just above her knees. She looked down as she said, "Yes. I am wearing them now."

I could see she was getting turned on by this questioning, "Which other items are you wearing now?"

She seemed to squirm in her seat, "The black ones".

I knew the black bra was just a quarter bra but she had a choice of two black thongs. I pictured her wearing the crotch less thong. I wanted to fuck her with her crotch less thong and hijab on.

I acted nonchalant as I queried further, "Do you like them?"

She seemed to be breathing heavier and I could smell the muskiness of her cunt. She was a horny cunt, "Yes I do like them."

I was looking intently at her breasts through the thin material of the black dress. Her nipples were almost visible. She looked up at me but saw my eyes on her body and looked down again.

I wanted to be bolder, "There were two black thongs. Which one are you wearing? I want to buy you more clothes. So I need to know which you prefer."

She was playing with her food as she said in a quiet voice, "The one with the slit".

I could see milk start to form on the outside of her nipples and begin to dampen the dress. She seemed oblivious to this. I wanted to keep the sexual tension building, "Is that your favourite?"

Her voice was getting quieter, "Yes".

The damp stains around her nipples were getting bigger as more of her milk soaked into the dress. The smell of her cunt filled the room. 

I asked, "Does it make you feel sexy?"

She seemed to moan, "Yesss".

She was really turned on now, "Do you like the bras?"

She tried to answer but she was struggling to hide her aroused state, "Yyessss. I loovvee tthheemm".

She was close to orgasm and we were only talking.

I decided not to push anymore. I wanted her to completely submit to me. I needed her to submit to being my slave. I said, "I will order you more now I know what you like. Let's go to sleep now".

I went to my bed and pulled out my laptop to bring up the camera from her room. As she got into her room. She immediately stripped to just her bra and thong.
