 There were three of us in the car. 

First of all there was me, Clint. I'm nineteen, slender and a little on the short side. I seem to be a natural target for bullies so I've studied martial arts. Hand one bully his head and word gets around. And I'm an average skier.

Second, there was Peter. Same age, same college. An excellent skier, who says he'll give me some lessons in exchange for some martial arts lessons. He's over six foot tall, and beefy. 

Third was Thorndyke, and why the hell parents give their children names like Thorndyke is totally beyond my comprehension. We call him Thorn. Again, same age and college. He's even taller than Peter and just as muscular. An average skier and hoping for a few lessons as well.

The three of us were heading up the mountains, on our way to a ski resort. We planned to spend a week there. Thorn was driving, despite my protests. It was his car, so we didn't really have too much to say about it, but he's a lousy driver.

We were running a little late and night was approaching fast. I bloody told Thorn to ease up a little. The resort wasn't going anywhere. If we were a little late it would still be there waiting. 

It was a patch of black ice that got him. One moment we're sailing around the corner and the next we're doing 360 spins. We spun around and around, flat-sided the protective barrier and neatly remove a big chunk of it. We finished up right on the edge of the mountain. I could look out and down, and it was an awfully long way down.

We got out of the car (On the driver's side, I wasn't getting out my door, I'll tell you that.) and stood back to look at the situation we were in. In theory, we could just back up slowly, away from the edge, get on the road and away we'd go. In practice, the offside wheels were half over the edge, and I'd hate to be in the car when we tried to move it.

The problem was solved when the ground crumbled under a wheel and dropped that wheel over the edge. Tow-truck time. Thorn reached for his phone and wouldn't you know it, no signal. We'd have to hike up to the nearest place with a land line. 

We were wondering whether to get our stuff and take it with us when there was this funny crunching sound and the next thing we knew the car vanished. We heard it land about five seconds later. We also heard it land a second time, a couple of seconds after that, followed by scraping sounds. I guess that first landing was really just a bounce.

We considered going to the edge and looking down at the wreckage, but what would be the point? And seriously, would you want to stand on the edge of a cliff that had just had chunks fall off it?

Our decision now was uphill or downhill. We knew what lay downhill. Nothing. Miles of it. We voted uphill. So we set off up the road, praying for a phone signal, a passing vehicle or lights.

It was getting cold fast, and our parkas were in the car at the bottom of the frigging mountain. Fortunately we were all quite fit and we were able to make good time without over exerting ourselves. Still, we were all bloody grateful when we finally spotted a light.

We went hurrying over to the building and it turned out to be a hikers hut for stranded hikers or skiers, and that was sure us right then. We knocked and then just opened the door and bustled straight in. It was getting really cold out there.

Geez, it was nice to be somewhere warm. Unfortunately it was also a bit crowded. What at first glance seemed a bevy of beauties quickly resolved into a trio of indignant young women. I seemed to be a case of, hey, we were here first. You lot go away.

We finally managed to explain to them that we had a bit of a problem and that we'd be on our way as soon as possible. There was a landline there, patched straight through to the ski resort. Thorn was on it pretty quick, demanding a tow truck instantly, and transport up to the lodge.

What he got was a horse laugh. It appeared that the weather was lousy at the lodge and they weren't sending anyone out into it just to extract us from a hikers hut. They pointed out, quite reasonably, that we were perfectly safe where we were and could just stay the night. 

As for a tow truck, there was no way a tow truck was going to come and haul our wreckage up the side of the mountain in the middle of the night with a storm brewing. That would also wait until tomorrow. 

On the plus side, the resort said that they had now ticked us off as accounted for and they would be happy to pick us up in the morning. 

The three young ladies were not at all pleased to find that they were having company for the night. Introductions seemed in order so I introduce myself, Thorn and Peter.

The young lady who seemed to be doing all the talking for the girls then introduced them. There was Sara, a mousey little thing, quiet but pretty.

Next was Claire, average size, dark hair, nice figure, pretty and chatty. Last, but definitely not least, was Alicia. If you know the meaning of Junoesque, you know how this woman was built. She was big, blonde and stacked. She was also taller than me and quite possibly heavier, although her weight was arranged differently to mine, that was for sure.

Now the hiking hut came with some bare necessity staples like soup and coffee, so we were able to get something hot into our stomachs. 

There wasn't an endless supply of wood for a fire though. The idea I suppose is that stranded travellers wrap themselves in the blankets provided and sleep on one of the little beds. There were three of these, folded up against the walls. The idea was you could fold them down as required and use them as chairs, tables and, of course, beds.

It was getting late and we were all sort of casting looks at those beds. It was Thorn that finally opened the subject. 

"Well, it looks as though we're all going to have to share the beds," he announced, and he was giving Alicia the once over while he spoke.

Alicia just snorted.

"In your dreams," she said. "Sara and Claire can share one bunk. You and your mate can share the second. I'll take the third one with him," jerking her thumb toward me, "and if he tries anything I'll kick him all around the room."

Like I said, bullies look at me and see an easy target. It's depressing at times, but this time it also got me sharing a bed with a doll. Alicia was hot. 

Peter and Thorn both gave me looks, knowing my abilities. I just shrugged and tried to look small and helpless.

The only things we took off when we retired was our boots. I could just imagine the girls reactions if we'd suggested undressing for bed. Fun to watch, but it might result in us sleeping on the floor.

I suggested that Alicia might like to get on the bed first and lie up against the wall.

"It'll make it easier for you to push me out of bed if you have to," I pointed out, keeping my face perfectly serious. 

She gave me a suspicious look but went along with it. I turned off the light and climbed in after her. The beds were narrow and we were pressed fairly close together. Sara and Claire probably had it OK, but Thorn and Peter had my sympathy. 

I put one arm around Alicia's waist, apologising for the necessity. She seemed to tense up a little, apparently waiting for me to do something, so I did. I went to sleep.

I woke a few hours later. It was pitch black and cold. I could hear the other occupants off the hut breathing steadily, all asleep. I pinched some of the blanket back off Alicia, snuggling closer to her warmth. 

When I put my arm around her again I noticed a subtle change. Her top had come adrift from her pants and my hand was resting on warm flesh. It was only natural to let it drift up slightly to check out her lovely breasts. She was wearing a bra, naturally, but by a stroke of good fortune it was a front opening one. A quick flick of the clip and I had possession of a nice warm breast. With my hand cupping my prize, I settled down to back to sleep.

When Alicia woke it was still dark. She was warm and comfortable, but something seemed wrong. For a start, something was poking her in the back. And, of more serious concern, a hand was holding her breast. Not squeezing it or playing with it but just holding it neatly cupped.

That little rodent must have grabbed it in his sleep she thought. Reaching behind her, she went to push aside whatever was poking her. Too late she realised what it probably was and her hands closed over an erection that she thought surprisingly large for such a little man. Fortunately, said erection was still in his trousers, and Alicia snatched her hand away, waiting to see if she'd disturbed the man. What was his name again? Clint. That was it.

She felt Clint stir slightly. Not surprising, Alicia supposed. She suspected any man would stir slightly if someone suddenly grabbed their cock. She felt Clint's hand move on her breast, his thumb rubbing against her nipple. Then he stilled and she could hear him breathing deeply. Thank god she hadn't awakened him.

The problem of his hand remained. If she just flung it off he'd wake up and she'd be lying there with an aroused man cuddling her and his erection pressing against her. She'd just as soon not have to fight him off, even if she could probably kick the little wretch all around the hut.

Alicia placed her hand on Clint's and slid it off her breast and down to her tummy. Harmless there. She ought to do up her bra, but thought she'd have to wriggle about too much. She let it be.

Alicia was just starting to drop off to sleep when she felt Clint's hand moving. Downward, this time. It slipped under her pants, hesitated when it reached her panties, then slipped under them. It tangled itself in her curls, lightly pulling and massaging. Clint was still breathing deeply, apparently asleep.

Alicia had to stop this. She gave a gentle tug on Clint's arm, to no effect. His hand actually moved further down. Now it was slipping between her legs, teasing her pussy. Was the son-of-a-bitch awake or not? If he was asleep, he must have been having a damn interesting dream.

Perhaps if I just let him go for a minute he'll stop, she thought. She found herself breathing deeply now, and she wasn't asleep. Clint's hand happily roamed around her female flesh, stroking and massaging. A couple of times a finger would slip between her lips, probing deeper.

Alicia gave a sigh of relief when the hand paused and the retreated. The relief didn't last long. The hand settled on her waistband and started pushing her pants down. Clint's other hand had joined in and although Alicia wriggled quietly her pants were facing a losing battle. Clint very deftly pushed them down, exposing her bottom and pussy to his touch.

If he was awake, she'd kill him. If he was asleep, how to make him stop? Alicia could feel Clint's hand running over her bottom, pressing between her legs, starting to torment her again. Then it retreated again.

Alicia waited. Was that the end of it? He seemed to be just moving restlessly. Then he was snuggling up behind her again and Alicia almost screamed. She knew what that rigid shape was and it wasn't safely behind a pair of trousers now.

Alicia could feel Clint positioning himself to drive into her. She tried to move away and found the wall there. Trapped between the wall and Clint's erection, Alicia floundered, not knowing what to do. Then it was too late to do anything. Alicia could feel Clint's cock parting her lips and entering her. She gave a gasp and relaxed, effectively pushing herself down onto his cock.

What the hell was she supposed to do now? If he started pounding her pussy he was going to wake everyone and she'd be so embarrassed. How to get him off her?

Alicia gradually became aware that Clint was pounding her pussy. Not large domineering strokes but a gentle movement that was starting to play havoc with her body. The son-of-a-bitch was hardly moving, just moving enough to build up a steady friction inside her. His arm was circling her again and his hand was clamped on her breast.

Alicia was breathing hard. Those tiny little movements were telling on her, exciting her. She found herself wanting to move with them, but didn't dare. If he was quiet, no-one would know what had happened. Maybe even Clint wouldn't know if he was really asleep. The gentle rocking continued and Alicia sweated.

With big vigorous strokes, Alicia reckoned she would be able to tell how long a man would last. With a gentle rocking like this, she found she had no idea. The movement went on. And on, and on. Alicia found her nerves were stretching tight. She wanted to scream. She wanted to fling herself wildly against the cock inside her and beat it into submission. She wanted to pull away from it and its tormenting twitches, but found herself lying there, taking it.

Oh god, she was going to climax. She could feel it approaching. It wasn't charging down upon her, but it was definitely tiptoeing towards her, sneaking up on her with promises of bliss.

She wanted it now. Not later. Not when Clint was ready. She wanted her climax now. Alicia whimpered softly as Clint's cock continued its slow torture. Damn it, she couldn't help thinking, a man is supposed to take you. Not tease you like this.

Slowly rocking, the silent movement on the bed unnoticeable from any distance, Clint continued to slowly ravish Alicia. Her hand was now clasped to her mouth, muffling the groans and pleas she wanted to make. The whole situation was unbearable, being taken in a dream by a man who would not finish the job.

When she detected the first harder push Alicia felt nothing but relief. Still only making small movements, Clint was hitting her harder, apparently ready to push her over the edge. Alicia felt his hand clamp tightly to her breast and then a sudden push sent him ejaculating into her. Alicia bit into her hand, desperate not to scream as she shuddered under the force of her climax.

Lying there afterwards, Alicia eased her panties and pants back into position. And fastened her bra. She managed to push Clint's hand down to her tummy where it remained. If he woke up and found his cock hanging loose, that was his problem. Alicia lay there, trembling slightly from memories of her climax, finally drifting off to sleep.

Feeling and hearing Alicia's deepened breathing as she slept, I grinned and straightened up my clothes. I wondered if she'd put it down to a dream or whether she'd try to find out if I knew what had happened. I drifted off to sleep again.

-- -

Thorn woke when it was daybreak. For some reason he always did. The sun hit the sky and Thorn kicked awake, like it or not. If he was tired he could always go back to sleep, but nothing seemed to prevent that initial awakening.

This morning, however, Thorn was happy to be awake and out of bed. Being cramped in a narrow bed with Peter was not his ideal sleeping state. He'd much rather have been in bed with that blonde girl. Lucky bastard, Clint. He'd probably managed to cop a feel while pretending to sleep.

Thorn got up and put his shoes on. Stepping outside he stepped behind some bushes for a piss. He was busting. He was stepping out from behind the bushes, still zipping up, when the door to the hut opened and the mouse came out. What was her name? Sara. That was it.

Thorn grunted and gave her a nod, quite content to stay outside in the fresh air for a while. Sara nodded back, peering up at him.

You're a big one, aren't you?" she observed.

From her height of five foot and not all that much more, Thorn supposed he was. He smirked.

"Yeah, I am," he said, "and if we'd shared a bed last night you'd have found out just how big."

Sara blushed, taken aback.

"I beg your pardon. That was a little crude wasn't it, especially to someone you don't know," she gently reprimanded.

Thorn's smirk got even bigger. He was in an evil mood, thinking of his car at the bottom of the mountain and the time he'd have to waste recovering it.

"Not really," he said. "Crude is when I ask you to pull down your pants and bend over so I can fuck you. How about it?" 

Sara's blush deepened. 

"Really, there's no need for that," she protested.

"There is if you're horny, and I am," pointed out Thorn. "I don't have time to seduce you the way you'd like, so I figured I'd just ask. How about you just bend over and I'll pull down your pants. Save you the effort."

Sara glared at this impossible man. He was deliberately trying to shock her, and she told him so.

"You're just having fun seeing if you can shock me. You'd probably run a mile if I'd said OK," she scorned.

"I would?" asked Thorn. "Hmm. I don't think so. More likely to just sink my cock into you and go to town."

Gently taking one of Sara's arms, Thorn turned her to face a smooth barked tree. 

"Put your hands against that tree," he said, urging her towards it.

Sara did so, wondering what he was playing at. She jumped and looked down at herself. That oaf. He'd just pulled her pants down. Even as she looked down at herself she saw her panties rolling down her legs. My god. She was naked from the waist down.

A large hand cupped her pussy and gently squeezed.

"We're going to play a little game of chicken," Thorn said. "Right now I'm just holding your pussy, but in a few moments I'm going to spread your lips and insert my cock, and then I'm going to fuck you hard and fast. Of course, I may chicken out, thinking it might be rape.

On the other hand, I may decide that if you don't chicken out then you're giving me consent and it won't be rape. So let's see if one of us is chicken, because you'll find yourself fucked if we aren't."

Sara leaned against the tree, feeling this behemoth playing with her privates. He was rubbing them, stroking them, sliding his finger inside her, trying to get her worked up.

And succeeding, Sara admitted. She could feel a burning inside her and could feel her lips puckering and swelling. But he wouldn't really just take her when she didn't want him to, would he? But if she didn't move away he might just assume that she did want him to. 

Sara flung a glance over her shoulder at Thorn. He'd lowered his pants and it was plain that he had the equipment ready to carry out his threat. She swallowed and looked hastily away. OK. She was chicken. She wasn't going to let him stick that thing in her. 

Another glance behind and Sara could see he was bringing that damned thing closer. He wasn't going to stop. She'd have to step away and admit he'd won. She hesitated a moment longer.

Oh, god. She could feel that thing touching her. That wasn't a finger or thumb pressing against her. He'd stop. He'd have to stop. People didn't just walk up to a girl and stick their cocks into them.

He wasn't bloody stopping. Sara could feel him starting to push into her. She opened her mouth to tell him to stop, but then snapped it closed again. If she quit, he'd be the winner and would laugh at her. Every time she saw him he'd smirk and she'd remember panicking and running. She would not give way. Maybe he'd stop after scaring her a little.

But as Thorn slowly pushed into her Sara knew that he had no intention of stopping. He was going to push it home and then fuck her hard and fast. She knew it, and by not stopping him she was saying it was OK. What sort of girl was she, anyway?

Thorn was slightly startled that Sara hadn't panicked and bolted as soon as her pants went down, let alone having her panties follow. His surprise increased when she didn't resist as he played with her love mound, getting her hot and wet.

He'd seen the look on her face when she'd spotted his erection and had expected her to bolt at that stage, but she's just faced front, tense and expectant. He pressed his erection against Sara's lips, then used a couple of fingers to part them, letting his cock push past.

With the head of his cock inside Sara, Thorn had to accept that she was going to let him take her. She hadn't uttered a single word. Just stood there, letting him possess her. If she wanted it, so be it. Thorn pushed forcefully forward, driving deep into Sara, hearing her give a little squeak as he sheathed himself.
