 "Ken? Ken, are you out there?" Came a cry from inside the tent.

"I'm right here, Kim,” I responded.

"I yelled a few minutes ago and you didn't answer."

"I'm sorry. I went down to get some water. I figured you were still sleeping."

Kim's head emerged through the tent entrance with one eye open and a very messy head of hair. Boy, she looked good even after waking up, I thought to myself.

"How's your ankle feel this morning?" I asked.

"It feels fine right now but I won't really know 'til I stand on it."

"Well, we better get packed up. I want to get started as soon as possible. There's a plastic bag in there next to my camera. Just throw the towels and your t-shirt along with anything else that needs to be washed. My red shirt is in there too. You can wear it on the way out. Your shorts and socks are dry.

Kim packed up everything inside while I folded the tarp. Within half an hour we were ready to head down the trail.

"Let’s have a look at that ankle." I said. "There’s not a lot of swelling, but I'll put this ace bandage on it. That, hopefully, will give you more support."

I wrapped her foot and carefully slipped her sock over it. She laced her boot on her own, as not to turn her ankle the wrong way.

"Sorry about your towel." She cringed. "It got a little messy."

I looked her square in the eye, "Well, I'm not sorry at all."

She gave me a smile that would melt the bark off a tree. What was it about this girl? She had everything..........At least everything that interested me. Looks, personality, and seemed very mature for her age.... Ah, her age. The college- and I, for that matter, have strict rules about student/staff relationships. Though she wasn't a student, she was only 18. I had just turned 30.

I put it all out of my head. "C'mon, let’s get out of here." I said, and with that we started out and down the overgrown trail. We stopped for a few minutes while I got some pictures of the chestnut trees about 30 yards off the trail. On the way back, I saw Kim staring up at the treetops and took a few candid shots of her before helping her to her feet and continuing our trek. 

She did quite well on her bad ankle, but I could see, after an hour or so, it was becoming more painful. We rested often. I would inquire about the pain, but she never complained. "It'll be alright," She would say. I would tell her stories, jokes, and try to engage in some conversation hoping to take her mind off her injury. We were about two hours on the trail; Kim was telling me about her family.

"I remember on my birthday my mom would.............."

"Shhhhh," I cut her off and stopped.

"What's the matter?" She said with a frightened tone in her voice.

"Did you hear that? .............There it is again."

"What is it?" She whispered.

I stood quiet. "Someone's coming up the trail."

We walked as softly as we could as the voice I was hearing got louder. I then smiled and nodded to Kim, "It's a rescue party. They're calling your name.”

Within a minute, they were in sight. I waved both arms and they quickly came running up the trail.

"You Doc Palmer?" said the first one who met us.

"Yeah," I said, shaking his hand.

"Barry Wagoner. What do we have here?"

"A sprained ankle, though it’s not an emergency. It's pretty painful to walk on." I told him.

These guys were very professional. One guy popped open a collapsible stretcher while another got on the radio and reported the find to Jim at the parking lot. Barry and I shot the breeze while they got Kim on the stretcher.

"Oh God, this is so embarrassing," She said, covering her face.

Barry and I smiled. "You're gonna be okay." Barry reassured her and we started off to the parking lot.

"Jim told us you were in here and that you might have come across the girl. Where did you find her?" Barry asked.

"Up on the rock pile," I replied.

"You know, you're not supposed to be up there," Came a voice from the front of the group. "That's a closed off area."

"I'll try to remember that." I shouted ahead while rolling my eyes.

"Ah, cut him some slack," Said Barry with a half laugh. "It's his rookie year." 

I held Kim's hand all the way back and she looked a little scared as she kept commenting on her "embarrassing situation.” The pace was pretty quick; we made the parking lot in a little over an hour. Jim was there to greet us.

"Jeez, Doc- In one weekend you write a book and rescue a damsel in distress."

I placed my hands on my hips. "All in a day’s work Jimmy." 

Kim sat up and slapped my arm as she laughed, but never let go of my hand. We walked over to the guard shack and filled out some papers. I guess when you are rescued they want your life history.

"Is there a charge for this?" I asked Jim.

"He shook his head, "Nah, Not for you, Doc. After all, you're the one who rescued her. Kim, do you want to wait here for your friends? They're with a party over on the Avery Trail. I called over and told them we located you."

Kim looked at me as some tears started to appear. "Can you just take me home?"

"Sure," I nodded and looked at Jim. "I'll take it from here. If she needs medical attention I'll make sure she gets it."

Jim smiled. "Good to see you again, Doc. Take care of her and I'll see you again somewhere on the trail.”

I got Kim into the truck and walked around to the driver's side. I was barely behind the wheel when Kim started on me.

"DOC? I didn't know you were a doctor!"

"Well, I have a PhD in Ecology."

"Oh," she replied.

"Does that disappoint you?"

"Oh No," She said with a very concerned look. “I just..............”

"Hey, I was just being sarcastic," I interrupted.

"I don't think you could ever disappoint me. I'll never forget this weekend," She said, putting her hand on my leg.

We pulled out of the parking area and headed south as Kim's hand gently caressed my thigh. A rush of excitement ran through me. Kim knew it, as her hand moved up to the crotch of my shorts, feeling my hardness. I never resisted as she looked at me with that wonderful smile and made a futile attempt at opening my fly.

"Wait a few minutes," I told her.

She sat up, looking a bit confused. No words were spoken until I turned off the road and into a rest area. I drove all the way to the end and parked the truck.

"Ooooo,” She giggled and unbuttoned my red shirt that she was still wearing. Her bra was in the bag of wet clothes. One look at her tits put my cock back into an extremely hardened state. She undid the button on my shorts and I raised my hips to give her better angle to the zipper. My hardness sprang into her hand as she pushed my underwear down and before I knew it; her sweet lips were clamped around my shaft. I reached for her lovely breast and started pinching her nipple, lightly at first, then harder as she urged me on with moans of pleasure. Kim's mouth kept sucking, never coming up for air. She took my cock in her free hand and slid the other to my balls, gently fondling them.

"Give it to me, Ken. I want every drop of your fucking cum. Feed it to me, babe. C'mon, give it up."

I grabbed a handful of her auburn hair and held it to my face, kissing it and running it through my fingers. My head fell back and I pushed my rock hard cock deep between her lips. Soon her head stopped its piston-like motion as ropes of cum splashed in her mouth.

“Mmmmm,” She groaned, trying not to spill a drop.

She squeezed the base of my shaft and sucked hard on its head, desperately trying to get every last drop before raising her head and swallowing my huge load. She cleaned me with her tongue, then rose and kissed me. I could taste my own cum on her lips. Sitting forward, I released the breath I had taken moments before.

There was no smile on Kim's face. She just stared at me. Her mouth opened as if she wanted to say something, but the words never came. A few cars pulled in near us as I reached for Kim's shorts. I wanted to return the favor, but she held my hand.

"No not now. Please, take me home."

There was that smile again, as I got back on the road. A few hours later, Kim was pointing out her home to me.