 "That looks like a nice spot to take a break."

I looked across the small stream to where Jen was pointing. There was a copse of aspen, the leaves already yellow. The warm September sunlight appeared golden as it filtered through the aspen leaves. Nothing beats Colorado's mountains in the autumn when the aspen turn with the season and the sky is so blue it defies words.

"Yeah, nice spot. We can step across the stream right over there."

"You can step across, your legs are longer. I'll have to jump. You can cross first and help me so I don't fall into the water."

"Yes, you don't want to get your boots wet. We still have a ways to go to get back to the car."

I stepped across the stream, and held out my hand for Jen to take to steady herself as she crossed. She half stepped, half jumped, and landed a little unsteadily on the other side. I reached out and got my other hand around her waist to help her. She settled against my chest, her tits pressed against me. She looked up at me.

"Thanks. I didn't want to get my feet wet"

She kissed me. It was no accident that her tits pressed tightly against me.

"Although I might be interested in getting other things wet."

I'd guessed that she had something other than a rest in mind when she suggested crossing the stream to this spot. It was a pretty spot, and secluded from the hiking trail.

I kissed her back. Jen was as close to sexually insatiable as any woman I had ever dated. That was more than great to me. She was also the absolute best fuck I had ever had.

We moved under the trees. I slipped off my backpack, pleased I had thought to pack a light camp blanket to spread out. I had anticipated that we might need something on the ground for our "hike". Grasses covered the area under the aspens, still the blanket would keep either of us from touching anything itchy.

We sat down together. I leaned toward Jen and kissed her again.

"I want to get my boots off," she said.

As she did, I pulled my boots off too. I looked over at her, and pulled her against me, kissing her. I still had my shorts and shirt on, but I was hard, anticipating her desperately.

I started feeling Jen's tits. Her breasts were firm and beautifully shaped. I knew she didn't think her breasts were big enough. I thought they were. I thought that whatever she lacked in size mattered little given their perfect shape.

After a few seconds, Jen stopped long enough to pull her tee shirt over off. No bra as usual. I cupped one breast with my hand, lowered my head to kiss and lick her nipple. Jen softly caught her breath. With my mouth and tongue still on her breast, I moved my free hand onto her thigh. I moved my fingers up her thigh, grateful once again that she was wearing hiking shorts. It made getting my fingers on her pussy much easier than if she had worn pants.

I slipped my fingers inside her shorts. I gently rubbed her through the panties, enjoying how turned on she was. Immediately I felt her moist heat through her panties.

Jen shifted a little, squirmed really, spreading her legs, pushing her crotch against my hand. She really wanted it, and I might be taking too long. I didn't care about that, I wanted to enjoy her body. I knew that taking a little time would only get her more turned on.

I slipped my fingers inside her panties, feeling her silky labia, already slick and wet. Jen moaned softly again. My fingers slid between her lips, finding the opening of her cunt. I gently fingered her, in and out, up to her clit, back to her hole.

Jen suddenly pulled back and quickly striped her shorts and panties off. I saw them land somewhere in the grass. Jen shifted, leaning back on her elbows, spreading her legs, her pussy facing me, the scant triangle of dark hair adding to my excitement, her pink inner lips swollen, protruding with an unmistakable invitation for pleasure.

I shifted my upper body between her legs. I opened her lips with my fingers, lowering my face to her pussy, sticking my tongue into her opening, then licking up to her clit. I circled her clit with my tongue, flicking it rapidly over the top of that firm little nubbin. I slipped two fingers into her cunt as I licked and sucked her clit. "I'm going to cum!"

Her fingers were tangled in my hair, pushing my face against her while I licked and fingered her. Immediately Jen moaned, thrusting her body against my mouth and hand.

"Oh God! Don't stop! Don't stop! I'm cumming!"

I kept eating her. I felt waves of cunt juice surging over my tongue as she climaxed. I don't know if Jen even knew that happened when she had a super intense orgasm. I knew, and I thoroughly enjoyed lapping up those waves of hot juice.

I ate her as she squirmed in pleasure. I felt her tense. She was going to cum again. Focusing my tongue on her clit, I pushed two fingers deeper inside her, feeling for her G-spot. Hard and bumpy, I fingered her spot, sucking her clit while I did. Almost immediately, Jen came again, even more intensely than the first time. She moaned, writhing so much that I momentarily thought she might buck me off.

Now it was time for me to fuck her. She was the tightest cunt I ever had. And she fucked like a porn star. I had been with some wild and enthusiastic women before, still, Jen topped the list. She was the best fuck I had ever had.

As soon as she began to calm a little, I moved on top of her, squeezing a tit with one hand, as I guided my cock to her opening with my other hand. I pushed the head of my cock into her. Just that first inch, then held it there.

Jen opened her eyes when I didn't immediately penetrate her. She hesitated for a second, then grinned.

"Are you going to fuck me with that thing or just leave it hanging out?"

I answered her by thrusting my cock as deep inside her as I could. I swear that I only stopped because I hit her cervix. Immediately I pulled it back, then plunged inside her again. I rode her deep and fast, just like she liked it.

Jen closed her eyes, her head went back and her mouth opened in a silent moan. I fucked her for another minute before she started to cum again, even more explosively than before. She moaned softly as she came. Jen was seldom noisy. She just wildly thrust her hips against me, thrashed and twisted in ecstasy. I didn't mind a bit how volatilely she came, everything about sex with her was exceptional.

She slowed a little, maybe to catch her breath. I kept riding her with a steady, deep rhythm. I knew how she liked it. A minute or so to catch her breath, then she'd be ready to climax again. I think her best with me was a dozen or so orgasms before I came myself. I was okay with trying to break that record any time.

"There's something poking me," she said.

I hadn't stopped or slowed. I didn't want to stop. Her cunt was simply far too enjoyable to finish quickly.

"I'm poking you!"

She laughed a little.

"No, there's a stick or something underneath the blanket. It's a little distracting. I don't want to be distracted."

I rolled off of her.

"We could do it doggie style," she suggested.

I was always in favor of doing Jen any way I could, and right then, I just wanted my cock inside her. Jen got on her hands and knees. I got behind her, then slowly pushed my cock into her cunt. I reached around, cupping a breast with my left hand. With my right hand, I reached down and got a finger on her clit.

When I touched her clit, Jen shuddered. A good shudder that told me that Jen was absolutely turned on. With my touch, I could feel her sexual energy escalate immediately. I pumped in and out, stroking her clit, playing with her breast. In less than a minute, Jen rewarded me by cumming again. She didn't almost buck me off, yet she definitely had an intense orgasm. I continued to fuck her with a slow steady speed, my hand on her tit, my other hand steadying both of us by holding her hip.

Jen repeatedly muttered "Oh! Oh! Oh my God! Ahh!"

Moaning in unison to my pushes inside her, I could tell how turned on she was. I knew that I would be able to judge when I should fondle her clit again.

Over the next several minutes, Jen came twice more. I didn't vary my rhythm, I just kept fucking her at the same pace, thrusting in, pulling out, thrusting in. Jen kept up her monologue of excitement. Whenever I felt her getting close, I would touch her clit. That would quickly send her over the top again.

That's when I heard voices across on the trail. I looked up, spotting other people hiking down the trail across the steam. They weren't real close, maybe 60 yards away. So far they hadn't seen us. Or heard us. That was good. Jen had her head down, probably because she had just cum or maybe she was about to cum again. Either way, she hadn't seen them. I was too busy fucking Jen to care if they glanced our way or not.

For a split second I wondered what Jen would do if she saw the people walking along the trail. I could tell her, but I didn't want to do that. It wasn't that Jen was an exhibitionist, just that she was over the top wild about sex. Good thing she was on her hands and knees as I fucked her from behind. If she had been on top riding me, she might have called them over.

Jen had asked me once if I'd ever done a threesome. I told her I had, once in college. Actually, it was really a friend and myself fucking the same girl, twice for me, three times for him. We didn't even try so spit roast her, and never thought of a DP. Jen said she hadn't, mainly because no one suggested it. I was intrigued, impressed with Jen's attitude toward sex. Still, I wasn't sure I wanted to risk it with Jen. Maybe some time, but I liked what we had.

I wanted Jen to cum again, so I didn't distract her by saying anything about the people walking past our little alcove in the leaves. So long as the people didn't interrupt us, I wasn't going to say anything.

I didn't change my rhythm with Jen, but I could see the people clearly now. They were almost directly across from us, although the aspens around us seemed to block any view of us. It was two guys and a woman walking down the trail. Watching them, I guessed that they were likely in their twenties, younger than me for sure. They were laughing and talking, clearly flirting and having fun.

Jen still hadn't seen or heard them. She was too fixated on getting fucked I guess. She was close to cumming again. She was moaning softly with every stroke into her. Not loud enough for the hikers to hear, although the girl glanced up, but didn't appear to see us. I held off on fingering Jen's clit until the hikers went around the bend in the trail.

I moved my hand back to Jen's clit, finding it immediately and gently stroking it. Suddenly Jen tensed, then squirmed and shuddered underneath me. She bucked, thrusting back against me, moaning that she was cumming. I held her hips just enough so that I wouldn't slip out of her, and pushed my cock deeper inside her. I held it there, not moving, just holding it deep. If felt like another intense climax for her.

I was ready for my own release. There might be other hikers and I didn't want to get distracted. I started pumping Jen faster, building to my own orgasm.

A few more strokes in and out of Jen's cunt, and I let go. I know that I moaned or groaned or said something right then. I'm still not sure what. I felt the cum surging deep inside my balls, right down at the base of my spine. Another stroke or two and I would burst. I pushed so hard and deep that Jen collapsed forward onto her elbows. I drove into her one more time, feeling the eruption of semen burst from my balls. I thrust in and out, a paroxysm of exquisite release.

I didn't fall over from the exertion, although I might have. I just knelt behind Jen, looking down at her ass and back, feeling my cock starting to soften, slowly catching my breath. She was breathing more regularly within a few seconds. She didn't seem in any hurry for me to pull out.

I knew when I did withdraw, the cum would gush out her. I'd shot a massive load.

After a minute or so, I had caught my breath enough to pull out. I did, and sure enough, globs of cum fell out of Jen onto the blanket. Good thing the blanket was easy to wash.

Jen and I sat lay next to each other, my arm around her, her head nestled against my chest. Life couldn't get any better. I was looking up through sunlight, dappled canopy of golden leaves, with blue sky above, a beautiful woman resting against me. And a post coitus afterglow.

We must have been like that for several minutes. Jen stirred first.

"We'd better get dressed and head back to the car."

"Okay."

I knew that once we got to her place, we'd likely do it again.

We got dressed. I picked up the blanket and we headed back to the trail. Again, I helped Jen jump across the little stream.

We'd only walked a little ways down the trail when Jen slowed and turned to me.

"You know, when we get to my place, we could do it again."

I chuckled a little, "great minds think alike."

We kissed and started walking again, both of us seemingly pleased with ourselves. Then we came around a bend in the trail. Across the stream, on the edge of some trees, we could see the people who had walked by earlier. They too had a blanket, and they were obviously enjoying themselves. The girl was naked, kneeling between the two guys, a cock in each hand, sucking first one, then the other.

Jen looked at me, then smiled.

"What do you think?" she asked.