 The phone rang around 7:30 p.m. I knew it was Kim and was hoping she wasn't going to make a habit of calling me all the time; with the new school season fast approaching. I didn't want to tie up the phone and figured I better tell her.

"Hello?"

"Hi, it's me. I don't want to be a bother, but I had to call you."

"It's okay. What's up?" I said, a little relieved that she knew too many calls might be somewhat troublesome with me.

"My mom knows," She answered.

"Knows what?"

"About you and me." 

Kim went on with her story, "When I got home, my mom was cooking dinner. She acted like she always does, but when we sat down to eat she said, "So, How's Ken?" I asked her what she meant and said she knew I was going to see you. Apparently I had the same look on my face this morning that I had when you brought me back from the hiking weekend. I was speechless. Then she told me that she didn't mean to destroy the napkin with your e-mail address and that she was glad I was able to find you again. She wanted to know if we were involved. I told her no, but now I feel bad that I lied. Not that it matters because I don't think she believed me."

"So, did she object to me seeing you?" I queried.

"No. She did ask how old you were, and I told her."

"What did she say?"

"She told me to be very careful."

"Kim, we're going to have to talk. When can you come over again?" 

"Not tomorrow. I have to work at the dry cleaner's. Maybe the next day, I'll let you know." She sent me an e-mail telling me to she would come by in two days. She was true to her word, though twenty minutes late. I opened the door, when I saw her walking up the front stairs, and could see she had been crying. We hugged for a while until I took her hand and led her to the back yard. We sat at the picnic table where she started wiping her eyes.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Oh Ken, I'm afraid." She started tearing up again.

I reached over and took her hand. "There's nothing to be afraid of." I said.

"When I got here, I sat at the end of your road for a while 'cause I didn't want to see you. I'm afraid you're going to tell me we can't see each other anymore and I don't want that to happen."

"Well, I'm not going to tell you that. In fact I'd like to see more of you than I do now, but that might be difficult. School's going to be starting soon and my weekdays are going to be pretty filled up."

Kim got up and sat beside me, staring at the tabletop for some time. She raised her head and looked me in the eyes. God, she looked beautiful even with her teary eyes. She just kept staring at me, biting her lower lip and trying to formulate the words I knew she was going to say.

"I love you."

This was followed by a long pause. "There, I said it. Now everyone will know and I don't care. They can talk all they want but those are my feelings and I................."

I placed my fingers over her lips. "I know you do and I'm very pleased. Love is a powerful word and I'm not sure I'm ready to say it to you....... though my feelings for you get stronger by the day."

She threw her arms around me. "I don't want you to say it if you don't mean it. For now I just want to be with you. I want to be part of your life, even if it's just a small part.

We kissed passionately. My God, I could have made love to her right there in the backyard, with a crowd watching us, and it wouldn't have mattered. "Take me now," She whispered in my ear. I led her to the bedroom where I undressed her, then myself. We fucked in every position we could think of, pausing only to gather our wits about us, before doing it all again. She would suck my cock to the edge of an orgasm. She really enjoyed cleaning her juices from my tool after we'd been fucking for a while. I enjoyed soaking my tongue in her overflowing cunt and bringing her to the brink of cumming. We tickled, rolled, laughed and just outright frolicked in out lust for each other until I found myself pumping what seemed to be quarts of my cum into her wanting cunt.

Totally exhausted, I buried my head in a pillow while Kim softly rubbed my back. "You think we'll need a shower?" She giggled.

"Oh Yeah!" and off we went into the bathroom.

School started in September and I didn't get to see Kim as much. She'd come up on weekends and some nights, when she could get the car. As the warm days lost their grip and winter was approaching, I started to see a maturity in her that most girls her age didn't have. She never hounded me, always put her mother's needs before me and when she did come over, she'd always help out around the house in one way or another. This is what I was hoping to see and I decided to take the relationship to another step. The college paid me well and, being single over the years, this allowed me to put some money away. My expenses weren't great, so I talked myself into making an investment (with my fingers crossed) in Kim's and my future.

I set up a meeting with Bob Greenberg, a veterinarian who I went to high school with, and offered him a deal. If he would take Kim on part time for a few months, I would pay her salary. I really wanted to see if this was something Kim wanted to do. We agreed and told me if she worked out, he would keep her on and pay her salary. One of his girls was leaving in January and Kim could start then.

To make sure she could get there, I bought her a car. My mechanic checked it out for me and gave it his okay after a few minor repairs. It was a Jeep with 100,000 miles. I got it for a song and he said it would go forever if no one beat on it. I got his okay to leave it on his lot until Christmas, when I would give it to Kim as a gift.

Around mid-December, Kim Called and said she and her mother wanted me to come over for Christmas dinner. My mom and dad were going to Arizona to visit my mom's brother, so I was going to be alone over the holidays. I told Kim I had a better idea.

"Why don't you and your mom come to my house. Mother's always want to know about the guy who's seeing their daughter. I've only met your mom once, so I sure she'll jump at the chance to check me out." 

I was put on hold for a minute while she tossed the plan around with her mom and then came back telling me her mother liked the idea.

"There's one catch. You have to come over Christmas Eve and help me to get thing's ready. I'll pick you up around noon."

Everything was agreed upon and the day before Christmas, I was picking Kim up at her trailer. I hadn't seen her for nearly two weeks and wanted to take her right home and mess up the bed for a few hours, but I thought better of it. I had picked up the Jeep the day before and parked it in the back yard so Kim wouldn't get suspicious and after shopping for everything in sight. We got to the house and started sorting it all out. 

"You're gonna make the pie when we get back." I told her.

"Where are we going?"

"I want to get some more ornaments for the tree. It looks a little sparse and most stores close early today," I said. "Oh yeah, and I want to give you your Christmas present also. C'mon."

I took Kim's hand and led her down the hallway. Opening the back door, there stood the Jeep with the large bow I had taped to the hood. I really thought it might fall off in the cold air, but it still held. Kim had a very puzzled look on her face until I reached into my pocket and handed her the keys.

"Merry Christmas," I said, kissing her on the cheek.

Her eyes grew wide and her jaw dropped to the floor. "Ken! You didn't............"

"Yeah, I did. Now, grab your coat. You're driving."

It took a while to calm her down. There was the crying and lots of kissing, but we were soon backing out of the yard and on our way. We got everything we needed, including a bottle of wine she knew her mother would like. All the way home, Kim was turning every knob and flicking every switch on the dashboard to see what it was and if it worked. "Do me a favor, just drive the car. We can figure everything out later," I told her. 

We finally got back and Kim made her first pie and a gingerbread cake, while I made the stuffing for our sixteen pound turkey. We got the table ready and finished decorating the tree. It didn't look too bad once I plugged it in. It looked even better after I got a few gifts under it.

"What are those?" Kim asked.

"They're a few things for you and your mom. It's not much, but it's something to open tomorrow."

"Are we done here?" Kim demanded to know.

"I guess so. I just have to get up tomorrow and cook everything," I laughed.

"Good," she said. Now, let's go." She took my hand and led me to the bedroom. She looked pretty serious as she unbuckled my jeans and got me down to my underwear. I laid across the bed while Kim stripped for me in a very sexy fashion. I positioned myself onto a pillow as she climbed on the bed next to me. Without a word, she pulled down my briefs and started slowly sucking my already hard cock. I closed my eyes and took in all the pleasure she was giving me, until she released my shaft from her mouth and eased her way up next to me.

"Ouch!" I exclaimed.

"What's the matter?"

"I don't know," I said reaching under the pillow. "What's this? Hmm, it's a present with your name on it!" I said handing it to her.

Kim curiously tore off the wrapping and opened the box. "Oh, you naughty boy." She giggled, holding a nine-inch vibrator in her hand.

"Boy. That Santa gets around!"

"How does it work?" She said, examining the phallic object.

"I think the instructions said you have to spread your legs."

Kim punched my shoulder before bursting into laughter and falling on top of me. Now that I ruined what was to be a very amorous moment, I waited until we both settled down and then started again. I caressed her beautiful breasts which I had admired since our first meeting. I gently sucked her hardened nipples, while playing with her swollen clit until her juices flowed freely over my fingers. Then, taking her new toy, I eased it into her soaked hole and turned it on. Kim jumped a little, and then sank down on the bed. "Oh, my God," She mumbled.

She started squirming like a worm on a fish hook as I applied my tongue to her swollen clit. Her cunt drooled more and more as I worked the object in and out of her, thinking I wasn't going to stop until she went over the top. Kim pulled at her nipples and her breathing got heavier. I knew her moment had come as she took a deep breath and laid motionless, talking to herself and squeezing her fists until her knees drew up and her head flew forward. "OH FUCK!" She screamed.

I kept up the pace as her orgasm sped through her, before crawling up next to her. She took the vibrator and licked it clean, knowing I enjoyed watching her. She then looked at her new toy, and looked at me, "Well, that's a keeper!" She said, pushing me onto my back.

My reward was receiving the best blowjob ever. I was over her, under her, beside her, sixty-nining, and finished standing over her, sending a good amount of my cum into her waiting mouth.

It was still early, but dark. "My mom's gonna shit when she sees the car." 

"Just drive carefully. I want you both here in one piece tomorrow," I smiled.

"Oh, yeah... What time?"

"I figure we'll eat around one, but you can come anytime. Just call and let me know you're leaving," I said.

I watched the tail lights of the Jeep disappear down the road before bringing in a few logs for the fireplace. I wanted tomorrow to be special, already knowing that it would be.