 My job takes me all over the country. Recently, I found myself a half hour north of Birmingham, Alabama. The little one horse town I stayed in was right out of a Larry McMurtry novel. Since relocating to the Midwest, I preferred to stay out of the big cities, especially while on assignment.

After checking into my motel, I drove around the town looking for the diner my cell phone indicated was close. 

The sign in the entranceway instructed guests to sit anywhere. I chose a booth, near the back of the diner, and began perusing the menu.

"What will it be today, Sugar? Have you decided, yet?" 

Standing next to my booth was an incredibly beautiful, full bodied waitress. Her jet black hair was pulled back and up in a bun. Pink lipstick covered her full pouty lips. The buttons on her white blouse were straining to keep her large breasts from popping out, but it was her eyes that were spellbinding. Bright, clear blue eyes, almost with a twinkle, stared at me, while I stared back.

"I understand the food here is the best in town," I said. 

"Well, Sugar, the truth is, the best food in town comes out of my kitchen at home. This here is the second best," she replied. 

I ordered a burger, fries and an unsweetened ice tea. No beer today because I had work to do during the rest of the afternoon. Starting early tomorrow, the all day trips would begin. 

When my lunch arrived, she sat down across from me. It was early afternoon and the lunch crush was over. She looked me over and said, "You don't talk or dress like anyone from around here. What brings you to town, Sugar?" 

"I'm investigating some insurance claims around Birmingham. I'm originally from the East Coast, currently living in the Midwest. My name is Tony," I said. 

Tapping the name plate with her pencil, which was fastened to her ample chest, she said, "As you can see, I'm Hildi, and it's a pleasure to serve you."

"It's a pleasure to be in your company," I said. Then I asked her, "Where can I get an ice cold beer, when I return to town at night?"

"Well, Sugar, the coldest beer in town is in my fridge at home, but most of the fellas around here go over to the Dew Drop Inn. The place is usually packed around 8:00."

I asked for the check, and watched her in her tight black slacks disappear behind the counter. 

When she returned, she smiled at me, left the check and said, "Hope to see you again, Sugar." Near the price of my lunch was a smiley face. Next to the smiley face were the words; Thank You, Hildi. Under the words was her phone number.

A couple of days later, I dialed the number. When Hildi answered, I asked, "Are there any clothing optional eating places around here?" 

Hildi responded, "You're in luck, Sugar. I've got Thursday night off and my place is where you want to be - say 6:00ish." 

Hildi met me at her front door. Her jet black hair was shoulder length and framed her beautiful face. She was barefoot, in jeans, and wearing a pink blouse, with the top 4 buttons undone. Her magnificent cleavage was on display. Her lipstick and her blouse were almost the same color. We greeted each other with a friendly hug. I felt the fullness of her chest and noticed she was almost as tall as me. I'm about 5'10".

She asked me if I wanted a cold beer, and told me to have a seat in the living room. As she walked over to me with my beer, I watched her tits moving under her blouse. We talked mostly about my job and the fact that my hotel room was just a place to crash in. I was gone from sun up to sun set, most days. 

We were almost finished with our beer, when she excused herself to check on supper. She came out of the kitchen wearing just a pair of fashionable and sexy, black lace panties. In each hand was another cold beer. I couldn't believe the Rubin like goddess standing in front of me. She wasn't fat, just proportionately large. I could feel myself getting hard.

Her tits were huge, not saggy, just big. Her nipples were like two children sized teacup saucers. I began to wonder, if my 6" dick would be enough to please this gorgeous woman. 

"I suggest you get ready for supper," she said. "After all, this here is a clothing optional environment."

I quickly took off my clothes. Not being bashful, everything came off. I stood near her completely naked, with my stiff dick pointing straight up. 

Grabbing my hard dick she said, "Sugar, let's not waste this. I'll lower the heat on the slow cooker and we'll get to know one another, right properly."

She came out of the kitchen with her clothes, and had me follow her to the bedroom. Her large round ass bounced a little under her thin, tightly stretched panties. 

Hildi opened a draw on her night stand and removed a two headed vibrator. One head was large, shaped like the head of a dick, meant to be inserted into her pussy. The smaller head was bullet shaped and designed to rest against her ass-hole. She removed her panties showing me the mass of trimmed black hair, that surrounded her pussy. Everything about this woman was large, and within reach. 

Hildi said, "This here is Big Buck. Both heads are battery operated and I get my fair share of orgasms from him. What I like most is having my nipples licked and my tits squeezed, while Buck does his thing." With that she turned on the vibrator and began enjoying the sensation of having both of her holes stimulated. I laid down next to her and began licking, sucking and squeezing her large tits. While my mouth enjoyed one tit, my hand enjoyed the other.

She came with a loud scream. Good thing the houses in her neighborhood are so far apart. No one heard her, but me. She still had her legs spread wide and bent at the knees, when I moved from her tits to her pussy. I buried my face in her wet gash. I licked and sucked for all I was worth. I felt like I drank a quart of her love juice. She came again and closed her legs around my head.

"Sugar," she said, "It's about time you get to cum yourself." She knelt at the edge of the bed and had me stand in front of her. Her large tits hung straight down. She rolled her tongue around my dick, from the base to the head. She then took me deep in her mouth. She did this about a half a dozen times. Looking up at me with those gorgeous eyes she said, "Sugar, you fuck my mouth hard and fast. Think about my big tits, my sweet tasting pussy, and cum in my mouth." 

Again, I did what she asked. With piston like thrusts, I fucked her mouth. I watched my dick slide in and out of her beautiful full lips. I heard the unmistakable slurping sound that accompanies a great blowjob. I stiffened ready to cum, and grabbed the back of her head. I buried my dick in her mouth as far as it would reach. I held her tightly that way until I unloaded. I shot multiple streams of cum in her mouth and down her throat. She swallowed everything. 

Supper as promised was fantastic. Supper as promised was clothing optional. We ate in our underwear reducing the chance of staining her chair cushions. Sitting across from each other allowed me to drink in the beauty of her face. Each time she left the table I stared at her beautiful backside. When she returned to the table, I stared at her magnificent chest.

During supper I asked her about living in this town, She said, "I moved here about 5 years ago. Pickings in this here town for a steady relationship are lousy at best. The guys tend to chase after the co-ed types; you know the girls with the small tight asses and the store bought tits. Women like me are not on their radar. I really don't know, if the locals know how to pleasure a curvy gal. But you certainly do, Sugar."

I thanked her for the compliment, the supper, and the unbelievable sex. I told her that I would be doing paperwork most of Friday and hadn't decide if I was going to leave late Friday night or early Saturday morning. She told me that she had the supper shift and needed to close, both Friday and Saturday nights. 

She stood up, pulled her panties down, and while stepping out of them said, "You know Sugar, we probably will never see one another again. Let's go get our nasty on. Ain't been a real dick in my ass since high school."

I followed her large naked body back to the bedroom. With each step my dick grew and got harder. We dispensed with any formalities, and foreplay. She laid on her back, and after getting out of my underwear, I slid my dick in her. We quickly got into a rhythm together. Her moaning increased with each thrust. She cried out with each orgasm. The more she bucked, the louder and wetter she got. At one point, I thought she was going to toss me onto the floor.

I was on the verge of exploding, when with the agility of a gymnast, she flipped over, and slid her own hand along her wet gash. She rubbed her juices all over her ass-hole. Kneeling on her elbows and knees, with her face buried in a pillow, she offered me her little brown hole.

She spread her ass cheeks. I lubricated my dick by sliding it along her wet gash. I then placed the tip of my rock hard dick at the opening of her ass-hole. With one slow and easy push, I was in. My balls slapped her back side with each stroke. I could hear her alternate between grunting and yelling, "Damn, Damn, Damn," into the pillow. I couldn't hold back any longer and I filled her ass with cum.

We were on our sides, facing each other. We were wrapped in each others arms, gently kissing when Hildi said, "You sure did make tonight interesting. I reckon, I won't be needing Big Buck for a while. Promise to look me up, if you ever make it back this way, Sugar?" 

"Sure," was all I could come up with.

She walked me to my car, naked. We had our arms around each other; her's around my shoulder, mine rubbing her bare ass. No words were exchanged. We stood near the driver's side door and kissed good-bye. I couldn't resist squeezing her ample tits and pinching her large nipples one last time.

As I started the car, Hildi turned around and walked back to her house. I backed up far enough to shine my car lights on her amazing hips and ass. I sat there memorized by her body. 

Never looking back, she entered her front door and shut off her outside light. 

Damn, Damn, Damn, this was one amazing night!