 This is a work of pure fiction. This is a sequel to a previous story, so if you want to find out how things began, please refer to the first story. Any similarities to any persons, alive or dead, or to anything you have ever seen or heard before, is a complete accident.




My relationship with Nicole progressed through the winter. Finally spring came around, and with the warmer weather Nicole started telling me that she was going to take me hiking. She was an outdoorsy person, while I was more of a homebody. I went outside when I had to. You know, to walk the dog, or go to work, or go shopping. Exceptions were made only for miniature golf or maybe a softball game. We made plans to go hiking on a Saturday afternoon in May. I wasn't sure it was going to happen because it rained pretty hard Friday night, and Saturday morning was kind of chilly and foggy, but as the afternoon arrived the sun came out and it got unusually warm.

I met Nicole at her apartment and she drove us to the park. I was so oblivious to outdoorsy stuff; I didn't realize that there was even a park within 20 minutes of our town, much less a large one with hiking trails. It was a huge state park, Nicole told me, with a nature reserve and hiking trails, and if you weren't careful you could get lost. Nicole had done plenty of hiking here, she told me, and so she knew her way around. 

We parked at the entrance and Nicole handed me a backpack full of bottled water and snacks, and also towels. Nicole started to explain to me why towels were a good idea to bring with us, but unfortunately I tuned her out, thinking about Hitchhiker's Guide to The Galaxy, in which having a towel with you at all times was one of the cardinal rules.

We set off hand in hand for the hiking trails. I wasn't much of an outdoorsman, but I was in good physical shape, riding a stationary bike at least twice a week. A hike of several miles wasn't going to affect me much. The trail that we would take, Nicole said, weaved its way through the foothills and the trees and eventually would take us in a huge circle.

The temperature soared well into the 70's by mid-afternoon. I started out in sweatpants and a sweatshirt but quickly took off the sweatshirt and tied it around my waist. Nicole was dressed in shorts and a white t-shirt, and I found myself glancing at her breasts swaying in her bra beneath her shirt. I figured any sexual activity would have to wait until we got home, if we had any energy left after hiking all day, that is.

For a while I enjoyed myself. It was a beautiful afternoon, and I enjoyed the smell of the outdoors, looking at the trees and the flowers, the birds flying overhead, and the squirrels scurrying around the trees. But after an hour or so it started to feel repetitive. We had gone two or three miles out already, up and down hills and taken so many turns around the winding trail that I would never have been able to find my way back by myself. We only saw a couple of people in the beginning; and we hadn't passed any people in at least a half an hour. I asked Nicole if we could stop and rest for a bit. She gave my hand a squeeze. Hang on, she said, there was something she wanted to show me, just a little further ahead.

We walked on a few more minutes, and suddenly Nicole pulled me off of the trail, through some trees, and then we were standing in a clearing by a stream. It felt like the most secluded place in the world.

"We can rest here," Nicole said.

"Wow, how did you find this place?" I asked.

"Just luck," Nicole said, "One day I was hiking and happened to hear the sound of the water. I come here all the time now. You're the first person I've ever shown it to."

"Wow, thanks," I said.

Nicole turned and gave me a long kiss. "You're welcome," she said, and led me by the hand to a big rock by the brook. The rain didn't affect the trail much, since it was packed hard by the hikers, but here the soft ground was still wet, and we slipped and slid a little in the mud on our way to the rock. I took off the backpack and placed it on the rock. We pulled out two bottles of water and some snacks and sat on the rock, staring silently as the stream, swollen by the rain, rushed by.

We finished our snack and packed everything back into the backpack. I figured we were going to go and finish our hike, but Nicole stopped me.

"Don't be angry at me," Nicole said, "But I found out something about you."

I froze. What horrible thing could it be? I suddenly pictured my ex-wife finding Nicole and telling her about all of the horrible things she claims I did to her. Oh no! Why did she drag me all the way out to the middle of nowhere to tell me? Was she going to run off and leave me stranded here? "What?" I asked meekly.

"One night when you were in the bathroom I took a peek at your computer, and I found out about your... fetish," Nicole said.

She found out about my fetish? That hardly even narrowed it down. I had a pretty rich fantasy life, and several kinks. Which one were we talking about?

Nicole went on. "I saw that site where the women were... you know... in mud," she said.

Oh... that one. I thought. Again, stupidly, I wondered why she brought me all the way out here just to tell me that.

"Do you want to see me... muddy?" Nicole asked.

Yes readers, she had to beat me over the head with it, unfortunately. She wanted to help me live out one of my fantasies? I wasn't going to say no. "Well, if you want to," I said.

Nicole leaned over and kissed my cheek. "Tell me what you want me to do," she whispered in my ear.

Unfortunately I was at a complete loss. It was one thing to search the web and get myself off at stories, images, and videos of my fetishes, but when it came to actually living one out... well I was kind of getting cold feet. "Do you really want to do this?" I asked.

"I do," Nicole said, "I have a bit of a... dirty streak myself, believe it or not." She smiled. "Well, why don't I get started, and you can just participate in any way that you want." Nicole sat back down on the rock and pulled off her sneakers and socks, placing them on the rock. She took a few steps toward the stream, her bare feet sinking into the mud. "This feels really nice," Nicole said, "Why don't you take off your shoes and socks too?"

I was staring at her, dumbfounded, until what she said to me finally clicked in. It didn't sound too hard, I thought, so I took off my shoes and socks and placed them on the rock next to Nicole's. I let my own feet sink into the soft Earth. I looked back at Nicole, who was watching me over her shoulder.

"Want me to go deeper?" She asked. I could only nod at her. She took another step and her foot sank in to her ankle. She took another step and her foot sank in to her calf. She turned to look at me again, "Wow, it's pretty deep," she said. Suddenly she started to lose her balance, and started waving her arms helplessly in the air. She finally fell backwards onto her ass with a squeal.

I was still frozen in place. Do I go to help her? I stayed where I was, maybe because everything about the 'sinking' oeuvre involved single women, mainly damsels in distress. Something in the back of my mind told me that this is the way it was supposed to go.

Nicole eventually brought herself back to her feet by pushing her arms in the mud up to her forearms and pushing herself up. "Well, I guess these shorts are ruined," Nicole said, turning carefully to inspect her mud-covered behind and trying to shake the mud off of her hands. "How are you doing back there?" She asked.

"I'm fine," I said. "How are you?"

"Messy," Nicole said. "Want me to keep going?" She asked.

"Sure," I said.

Nicole started moving again, taking slow, tentative steps until she was just a few paces away from the stream. She was knee deep in the mud. She slowly turned herself around to face me. "Well, what do you think?" She asked, "Should I keep going?"

Keep going where? I thought. She was already almost to the stream. Nicole started pumping her legs up and down in the mud, causing it to churn up and she began to sink down to her thighs. "This is really hard work... whoop!" She said as she fell forward this time, saving herself from falling face-first into the mud by sticking out her arms, but when she righted herself again her arms and front were covered in the thick, brown mud.

"Oh well, guess the shirt is ruined, too," Nicole said, and shocked me by pulling her muddy shirt over her head and down her muddy arms, leaving her clad in only a white lace bra and her muddy shorts.

I know I originally felt like we were in a secluded place, but suddenly my girlfriend was half-naked, and I became acutely aware that we were in a state park. We had gone far enough through the trees that the trail was no longer visible, and therefore we probably weren't visible from the trail, but I had no idea what else was around the clearing. I started glancing around, worrying that somebody was going happen upon us at any minute.

"Don't worry," Nicole said, "I've been here countless times and I've never seen another soul!" She took her hands and placed them on her bra-covered breasts, fondling them and leaving muddy hand-prints. "This feels great," Nicole said, "Do you want to see more?"

As nervous as I was, I was also getting aroused. This was my fantasy, after all. My mouth was getting dry, so I ended up nodding at her.

Nicole smiled back at me, and reached behind her to undo her bra. She pulled it off of her and tossed it aside next to her muddy t-shirt. She shook her torso and jiggled her C-cup breasts, almost losing her balance again. She started to take handfuls of mud and rub them onto her breasts. Soon almost her entire body below her neck was covered in mud, except for some clean sports on the front of her shorts and thighs.

Nicole was clearly enjoying her mud bath, kneading the mud into her breasts and massaging her nipples. I think she briefly forgot I was there, lost in her own pleasure. Eventually her left hand began to work its way down her muddy belly and into her shorts.

"Mmm..." Nicole said, "This feels so good." She opened her eyes and looked at me. "Do you like what you see?" I could only nod at her. "The mud is cold, but it's making me so hot," Nicole said, "I want to feel it everywhere!" She started tugging at the waistband of her shorts, but quickly realized that there was no way she was going to be able to get them off of her while she was standing thigh-deep in the mud. She toppled herself forward, and crawled out of the hole she had dug for herself. She swung to a sitting position in the mud and leaned back, pulling her shorts down and lifting her butt in the air to get them down her legs. She kicked them off and now she was only wearing white cotton mud-splattered panties. 

Nicole gave a whoop and lay completely back with her arms over her head, and began rolling back and forth, covering every inch of her that wasn't already covered, except for her face. She stopped and sat up again, facing me. Her hips started rocking back and forth. "Wow, I can feel the mud seeping into me," Nicole said, "I'm getting so turned on." She cupped her muddy breasts, and then thrust her left hand into her panties. "I just love the feeling of mud on my clit," she said. I could see the movement of her hand under her mud-soaked panties as she fondled herself.

After a minute or so she leaned back again, this time to pull her muddy panties off. She was now completely naked. I couldn't believe my eyes. My girlfriend was completely naked and covered in mud, and getting herself off. I had been frozen in place this whole time, still in a t-shirt and sweatpants. I was so mesmerized by the scene that it was only now that I slid my hand into my underwear and grabbed a hold of my erection.

I wasn't even sure that Nicole remembered that I was there. She was so lost in what she was doing. She was now rubbing handfuls of mud into her naked crotch, hips jerking at the sensations she was feeling. She lay back again and started doing a 'two-hander', rubbing her clit with one hand and penetrating herself with the other. I knew my sexually charged girlfriend wouldn't take too long to come at this point, and I wasn't disappointed when after less than a minute she began to grunt and shake.

"Oh my God," I could hear her say, "Fuck me... fuck me in the mud... yeah!" Her orgasm seemed to go on and on, but finally she was still, her hands leaving her crotch and trailing lazily up to fondle her muddy breasts. I was still watching her, transfixed, my hand on my cock but not even pumping, afraid to give in to the moment.

Nicole sat up and looked at me. She seemed genuinely disappointed that I was still just standing there. "What's wrong?" She asked. "Didn't you like it?"

"It was amazing," I said, "I just... I don't know..." I wasn't sure what to say. Nicole's performance was better than anything I had ever seen or read about on any of the dedicated WAM sites. Was I in shock? Was I over stimulated?

"I know," Nicole said, "You need some help." Nicole began to crawl towards me, cat-like, her mud-brown body and her pendulous breasts swaying. It was probably the sexiest thing she had done yet, and I began to stroke myself underneath my sweatpants.

"No fair," Nicole said as she approached me, "I want to see."

I took a look around, and entertained the crazy idea that if somebody was indeed furtively watching us that their voyeuristic version of this story would be up on a fetish story site soon enough and that's how I'd find out about it. I took a deep breath and pulled my sweats and underwear off all at once and down my legs, leaving my 7 inch cock hanging in the air.

"That's more like it," Nicole said. By now she was right in front of me. She slid into a sitting position, and reached out and touched my cock with her muddy hand. My cock twitched when she touched it. "I think somebody's happy to see me!" Nicole said, and brought up her other hand with a handful of mud to smear all over my cock. She began to stroke my mud-covered cock. "Yeah, do you like that?" Nicole asked.

"Yeah," I said. The mud was acting like a lubricant and speeding me along to orgasm.

"Are you gonna cum for me?" Nicole asked.

"Yeah," I said.

"I want you to cum on my muddy tits," Nicole said, and thrust her muddy chest out at me.

After that invitation it only took me a few more strokes to feel my orgasm building. "I'm gonna cum," I told her, and she increased her stroking and rose to a kneeling position and aimed my cock at her chest, just inches away. My orgasm hit and I shot load after load of cum, leaving white streaks on her muddy chest. Nicole let go of me and I stumbled backward, nearly falling over, but catching myself against the rock.

Without a word, Nicole stood up and pulled my t-shirt over my head, and wrapped her arms around me and kissed me. "Did I fulfill your fantasy?" Nicole asked.

"Yes," I said, "It was amazing."

"Good," Nicole said, "Now you can fulfill mine. I want to be fucked outdoors. Good and fucked." I never had much trouble maintaining erections after orgasms, but after hearing that I knew it wasn't going anywhere.

I took another furtive glance around, still expecting to see a crowd of people watching us at any minute. Then I stated the obvious, "But you're all dirty," I said.

"We'll clean up a bit," Nicole said, and instructed me to take another bottle of water out of the backpack. I took some of the water and cleaned the mud and leftover cum off of my dick, my erection bouncing. Nicole stood up and walked a few paces away, to where it was less muddy and grassier. She lay back on the ground, still naked and caked in brown mud. "Can you try and clean me off too?" She asked. "I'm probably going to have to really wash myself when we get home to get all of the mud out of my pussy, but do the best you can."

I pulled off my sweats from around my ankles and placed them on the rock. Now I was just as naked as Nicole was, except much less muddy. I went over to her and kneeled between her legs. I spilled some of the warm water on her pussy and used my hand to try to brush some of the drying mud away. I succeeded in getting most of the mud off of the area around her pussy, and most of it out of her pubic hair. I gave her clit plenty of attention while Nicole writhed on the grassy ground. "I'm ready when you are," she said between gasps and moans.

"One more thing," I said, and spread her pussy lips, revealing her moist opening. She really did get mud up her pussy, I mused. I took the water bottle and squirted water right into her pussy. Nicole yelled in surprise and began bucking her hips, her inner muscles expelling all of the water I had just squirted up her. It got most of the mud out, anyway. "Oh my God," Nicole said, "That felt funky. I almost came."

"Sorry, I'm out of water," I said, tossing the empty bottle aside. (Don't worry naturalists, we didn't leave it behind.) "I'm going to have to do this instead." I climbed over her and kissed her while I lined my cock up against her pussy. It was only at that moment that I realized we didn't have any protection. "You didn't think to bring any condoms, did you?" I asked.

"Well, I'm on the pill," Nicole said, "And I happen to know for a fact that I have no STD's." You haven't been with anyone else for several years, and you're too much of a gentleman to keep something like that from me, so I feel pretty safe that you're clean, so go ahead and fuck me."

I still felt some apprehension, but not enough not to slide my cock into her pussy. She immediately gasped and started bucking her hips. I was rock hard and slid deep inside her. I knew it would take me at least 15 minutes after a first orgasm to reach another one, so I was free to fuck her silly. She didn't need much to reach her second orgasm though, moaning and thrashing beneath me. She wrapped her muddy legs around me and pushed me as deep inside her as she could as she came. I slowed my pace as she came, concentrating on pushing myself into her as far as I could go, feeling the tip of my cock against her cervix, and letting her slide in and out of me and squeeze me with her inner muscles. When her orgasm was over she fell back with a sigh, her legs sliding off of my butt and back to the ground. I let her relax for a moment and then picked up the pace again. Nicole was a sexual dynamo, and I knew that I could make her cum every 2-3 minutes on average.

We stayed in the missionary position for two more of Nicole's orgasms, each one stronger than the last. After the second one she placed a firm hand on my side and said, "Roll over." I obediently pulled out of her and rolled onto my back. I was staring at blue, partly cloudy sky, with fluffy cumulus clouds slowly drifting across my field of vision. Nicole quickly climbed on top of me, still covered in mud everywhere but her face with streaks of cum on her chest. Her pony tail had fallen off of her and her muddy long brown hair was stuck to her body. She lined herself up against my cock and slid herself right down on it. She began to slide up and down on my cock. 

"Oh my God," Nicole said, "This is the best sex I've ever had!" I was mesmerized by her muddy breasts bouncing and swaying above me. I reached up and fondled them, chunks of mud peeling off as I did so. I could feel the slower, more intense build of my second orgasm begin, but with Nicole on top it would take a while for it to arrive.

Nicole bounced up and down on my cock for a few minutes, bringing herself to another orgasm. When it was over she climbed off of me and crawled a few paces away on her hands and knees. "Ride me," she commanded, pointing her ass in the air, and I rolled myself into a kneeling position and scooted behind her, entering her doggie style.

This position gave me control of my sensations again, so I figured I had a few minutes to work myself to orgasm. I placed my hands on her muddy hips and rode her for all I was worth.
