 She lay in the bed, waking up slowly, leisurely. The sun was beaming in the window, filling the bedroom with a soft glow. She savored this wonderful, happy feeling inside, her mind filled with thoughts of him.

He had taken her to dinner last night. They went to a quiet, elegant restaurant. The table clothes were linen and snowy white. There was a small bouquet of flowers on each table. Candles completed the intimate feeling of the red leather booth. 

She could feel his muscular thigh along hers. The heat of his superb male body penetrated her skin through her thin silk dress. She gazed adoringly at him, admiring the dark suit, white shirt, and patterned tie. Everything he wore always fit and matched impeccably. 

She looked at his hand and wrist, the gold watch gleaming in the candlelight. A light dusting of dark hair covered his arm, what little bit was peeking out from under the cuff. She shivered as she remembered how strong those arms were when they were locked around her. Moving over his face, her eyes sought out his full lips, framed by the soft moustache and beard. Thoughts of how that moustache tickled and aroused flashed in her head.

Her eyes traveled over her as he watched her face. He could tell when she was thinking about something erotic just by the look on her face. As her gaze reached his neck, his tan skin a stark contrast against the white shirt, she could visualize his hard chest in her mind. Smooth, warm skin, with just a little bit of hair on his chest, and these perfect brown nipples. She felt again the sensation of feeling his strong heartbeat against her lips as she kissed him there.

She looked again at his large hands. She was constantly surprised at how gentle those hands could be at times. Soothing her from a nightmare, stroking her hair, a fingertip running over her lips. Yet she knew how strong they could grip her, sometimes holding her slim wrists over her head as he took her up against the wall. 

Their passion never ceased to amaze her. He brought out things she didn't even know she dreamed of or wanted. He generously gave them to her, fulfilling fantasy after fantasy with his sometimes fierce, sometimes tender lovemaking. 

She remembered a night after a party at some friends. They had mingled all night, talking to friends, their eyes catching across the room at times. He had told her not to wear panties under her red and white flowered dress, so he could visualize her warm and naked under it. 

The minute they entered her house, he had taken her; hard, fast, and devastatingly. Those firm hands had lifted her dress, stroking across her bare bottom. As one hand undid his trousers, the other penetrated her wet heat. She groaned as he pushed her to the wall, trapping her with his stronger, bigger body, his long fingers digging deep into her. 

He lifted her thigh, and entered her in one smooth motion. They both grunted with the satisfaction of it, his hard length filling, stretching her. Hooking his powerful arms under her knees, he opened her up, supporting her with strength. Her back was pounding into the wall with every thrust, and she reveled in it.

They both climaxed, her body clamping his tight as he filled her. Collapsing to the floor, hearts beating hard and fast, a languid feeling that would not last long. Every time they were together they seemed to never be able to get enough of each other. One session of incredible sex always managed to lead to another, usually more passionate than the one before.

Her mind came back to the restaurant, and she saw him grinning at her, chuckling softly. She flushed prettily, never able to hide anything from him. She glanced shyly up at him, and her eyes looked at his neck above the shirt. 

A night in a hot tub came crystal clear in her head. She remembered him sitting in the tub, her straddling him, and him buried deep inside her. Her arms were around his neck, and she had bitten him in her passion. She could still hear the throaty growl he made as her teeth sunk into him. He had stood up in the tub, her still riding him, and laid her down on the big fluffy towel next to the tub. 

She knew he had wanted to be in control then, that she had once again unleashed the lion lurking inside him. God, she loved that. As her legs wrapped tightly around him, he had thrust again and again into her, both of them moving in perfect counterpoint to the other. A primal rhythm, lust pounding in her head and heart. She never knew where this tigress inside her had come from, only that he drew it out of her often.

Once again the sounds of the restaurant had penetrated the sensual fog she was in. As her eyes cleared, she saw him looking at her. She could see his very soul in those blue eyes. They were sparkling, dancing with humor, yet full of so much love it almost made her want to cry. 

She loved that about him, too. She could cry, and he would just let her, sometimes holding her, rocking gently, other times kissing the tears away. When his big hands would frame her face that way, she never felt more loved than in that instant. 

His quiet strength was so deep and such a natural part of him. She never felt alone, even when he was not there. His presence was always with her, in her heart and in her mind. Never in her life had anyone "been there" for her like this man was. 

Her hand lifted to stroke across his cheek, a soft smile on her lips. He put his hand over hers, and turned his head to kiss then lick her palm. She felt it through her whole body, that velvet tongue lapping across her. She shivered. She knew it was a promise of what was to come later, after dinner.

She had managed to get through the meal somehow, and they had left the restaurant to come to her house. Taking her hand, he had taken her to bed, stripped her carefully, then made exquisite love to her half the night. There was not a single inch of her that he did not touch, or taste that night. 

She stretched luxuriously in the big bed, still fragrant with the smell of him and her. Just as she started to get up to take a hot bath, the phone rang. She smiled, knowing who it would be.

Him by Cathy O'Niel copyright 2009