 My thoughts began to drift toward sex, as they often do when it comes to my wife. The thought of her soft, natural breasts, olive complexion and of her beautiful, full lips begins to get me a little excited.

These thoughts lead me to last night when we were going to bed. I was horny and wanted to be with her but for some reason I did not make the move. She asked me to come and snuggle with her but I did not move. And that thought got me wondering what could have been if I had just said ok and moved over...

As I motioned across the bed anticipating what was about to come, my wife was just settling in and getting warm when I pressed my body against hers, firmly wrapping my right arm around her and cupping her right breast. As we got comfortable, I gently massaged her breasts from outside of her pajamas, slipping a finger or two in between the buttons to touch her soft skin and kissing her neck as she began to react to my touch.

It wasn't long before we were kissing passionately with open mouths exploring each others familiar tongues and bodies with our hands. It never takes her long to get her hands on my cock, which I love. Tonight I wondered if she would go down on me and it wasn't a second later that she was pushing the covers back so she could slide down and put my dick in her mouth. First she sucked nice and gently on and around the head, which was quite swollen and ready by this point, while she had one hand wrapped around the base of my cock and balls. Then she slowly slid my entire length into her mouth. Her full lips rubbing me just right!! Slowly, in and out, in and out, her lips took me as I gently caressed her hardening nipples. As I look down to watch the action, I saw her ass in the air as she was on all fours knelt over swallowing my cock. Then, the thought of another man fucking her from behind while she sucked my hardness crossed my mind -- and it was exciting. I could see her breasts swaying back and forth from the fucking she is receiving as she enthusiastically sucked my cock. The thought of her taking it doggy style from another man while she sucks on me got me hotter and harder as she sucked harder and faster. I wonder if she ever has thoughts like this?

She sucked me off for a good ten or fifteen minutes until I couldn't take it any more. She continued to take me in and out, faster and faster yet until I shot my load into her hungry mouth and she swallowed every drop as she sucked on the head of my throbbing cock. As I came down from the rush, her hands gently rubbed my stomach as I gazed up at her beautiful face and body and told her that it was now her turn.

I then sat up and kissed her deeply, again putting my right had on her perfect 34DD breasts, slowly rubbing her tits, moving from her chest to her back to her neck and down to her hot legs. I leaned her back and began kissing her while undoing the buttons of her pajama top. And then one of my all time favorite moments -- that moment when her full breasts become exposed and fall into my awaiting view. I immediately reached out and stroked each breast simultaneously as she arched her back acceptingly. I kissed my way down her chest, paying special attention to her large, sexy silver dollar-size nipples, all the way down her belly and then to my favorite spot -- right below the belly button and above the pubes -- and lick her sweetly...all the while rubbing her inner thighs.

I then made my move to her awaiting and very wet pussy. At first I first rub her clit with my nose a little and gave it a gentle lick. I ask her to spread her legs a little bit, which she did ever so willingly. I love my wife's pussy! It smells so good and tastes unbelievably. I spread her vagina with my fingers and begin licking her pussy lips. After a few minutes of this she got increasingly more moist - more than I have seen her in a while and she is really into it. As I begin to suck more intently on her clit while rubbing her nipples in the same motion I am sucking her pussy, I move my right index finger to her lips, which she takes into her mouth and begins circling with her tongue as if she is sucking a cock. I wonder what she is thinking -- is she thinking about a nice hard penis in her mouth? - and that thought gets me that much more excited. Is she imagining a hard cock in her mouth as I continue licking her hot vagina? I hope so. As she continues to suck that imaginary cock I see her massaging her breasts as I eat her pussy and rub my cock against the mattress. This is true passion at this point and my gorgeous woman is on the verge of a heavy, heavy orgasm, pushing her pussy up in the air towards my anxious mouth I continue sucking and licking her clit, as she is simultaneously sucking the imaginary cock. We are both breathing extremely heavy when she lets out a huge moan as her hips gyrate and grind into my mouth as screams out that she is "cumming, cumming, cumming" -- and she explodes and begins to tremble.

She is paralyzed and does not want to be touched. Every bit of her body is tingling. But I have had time to recover from the awesome blow job she gave me and I am hard as a rock again and ready to penetrate my horny wife. So I push a little and she relents, taking my swollen cock fully into her wet pussy. I know it won't be long but I take my time. In and out of her love hole goes my cock. Her breast moving to the motion, much like they did in my mind when I was imagining the "other man" fucking her from behind as she sucked my cock -- she is so hot!!

She is really enjoying the penetration now. I have her on her back, making love to her slowly as she reaches down and begins rubbing her swollen, yet sensitive, clit. She is so hot. She rubs her clit slowly at first, but as I increase the speed of my strokes, she increases the speed of her masturbation. We continue like this for a good while until she begins to come again, which sends me off the deep end. I begin fucking her harder and faster as she is rubbing her clit as fast as she can until she cums again, cumming harder than she did the first time.

We kiss deeply and lovingly and drift off into a perfect slumber.