 After a long, chaotic day of one crisis after another I decided instead of going back to my lonely hotel room I'd stroll down to the bar for a drink to help me relax and forget about the day. I sat down at the corner of the bar and glanced around the room. 

Doing a little people watching is one of my favorite pastimes on my business trips. I imagine the strangers around me in different situations and scenarios; some of them purely professional and some of them not so pure or professional. 

We all have another side to us that so often must stay hidden neatly under our business suits. I am always the consummate professional from 9 to 5, but I still like to feel sexy inside. I never go out without some lacy bit of finery underneath it all. My little secret. 

This day is no different. Under my little black suit is an even smaller black corset, complete with garters and thigh high stockings. The other part of my personal secret is the fact that I never wear panties. On the exterior I look like your typical businesswoman, with the possible exception of my shoes, which might be deemed just a tad too high for proper business attire. 

The bartender wanders over to take my order of scotch and soda, my usual. A few moments later he's back with my drink and I begin to relax as I feel its warmth easing away the tensions from the day. It's a little warm at the bar, so I decide to remove my jacket and undo the next button of my blouse. 

As I turned back towards the bar after placing my jacket on the back of my stool the bartender was placing another drink in front of me. As he did he gestured towards the other side of the bar. I looked up across the bar into the bluest eyes I've ever seen. Even from that distance they took my breath away. They also gave me a subtle tingling sensation in my loins as I mouthed thank you to the handsome stranger.

My eyes never left him as he stood and made his way around the bar towards me. I couldn't believe my luck as this perfect specimen of manhood who looks like he might have just stepped from the cover of a cheesy romance novel approached me. I remember thinking that the day might not be so bad after all.

He introduced himself as AJ, and asked if I would mind him joining me, as he hated to drink alone. With that smile and those piercing eyes, I didn't think there was too much this man had to do alone. At least not tonight if I had any say in the matter.

Our conversation started with the usual casual small talk. AJ was in town on business for a few days working on a proposal for a new construction project in the area. It appeared to have the potential to be quite lucrative, if he could just manage to secure a meeting with the regional manager for the development company. I chuckled when he said that the manager must be some old geezer not willing to come off the golf course to take meetings or return telephone calls. I blushed when he said that if he looked like me he might have better luck getting a few minutes of his time.

I told AJ that in my opinion, with his looks I was pretty sure getting lucky was never an issue for him. I studied his face intently as his lips parted and he smiled a smile that could have melted the North Pole. I almost jumped off my stool when he laid his hand upon my knee and I felt the electricity traveling straight from his fingertips to my crotch. All I could think about was what it would feel like if those fingers were actually touching my then throbbing pussy.

The DJ had started playing. I was feeling the need to move, for fear that if I remained seated on my barstool much longer I was going to stand up with a huge wet spot on the back of my skirt. It was almost as though he could read my mind when he took my hand and led me to the dance floor where we began our seduction.

He slid one arm around my waist and rested his other hand on my hip, pulling my close and sliding his right leg slightly between mine. I looked up into those soulful eyes and gave him a knowing smile, as I could feel his growing arousal rivaling my own.

As the music changed we wandered back towards the bar and ordered another round of drinks. As he stood there next to me on my barstool he casually lowered his free hand to my knee. As we continued talking he slowly began sliding his hand up my thigh just under the edge of my skirt. I could see the passion starting to surface in his eyes as his hand slid every so slowly farther up my thigh, reaching the bare flesh above my stocking tops. 

He shifted slightly and leaned in towards me, gently kissing the nape of my neck as his fingers continued to caress my thigh moving ever closer to my core. A sigh escaped my lips while I was reveling in the warmth of his touch. I couldn't stop myself from moaning when I began to tremble. I struggled to maintain my composure, feeling his fingers slowly enter me and his thumb gently circle my clit. 

I glanced around quickly and noticed that we were starting to garner some attention from the other patrons at the bar. He leaned in toward me again and whispered in my ear that he wanted to taste my sweet pussy. I tilted my head up and whispered back that he could do whatever he wanted to me as long as he promised to fuck me. No more words were necessary.

We made a hasty retreat from the bar, almost running for the elevator like a couple of teenagers. The moment the doors closed behind us we were instantly all over each other with our hands pawing, groping, and urgently clawing for release. Within moments we were at my floor. We tried to compose ourselves long enough to make it up the hall and into my room.

Once inside we stumbled towards the bed, kissing, touching, and practically tearing at each other's clothes, unable to get to flesh fast enough. He managed to finally release the last button on my blouse and pushed it back off my shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. His lips were trailing kisses down my neck, and shoulders as his arms reached around me fumbling for the zipper on my skirt. All the while I was struggling to remove his shirt and touch his magnificent shoulders and chest.

He pulled back a little and stared into my eyes as he gently slid my skirt down over my hips, watching as it puddled on the floor at my feet. I felt like I'd waited more than long enough, and push him back on to the bed. It took him somewhat by surprise as I peeled his jeans down his well-muscled thighs, gently raking my nails down the back of those amazing legs.

I stood and walked around to the other side of the bed. Never taking my eyes off his, my lust was building and becoming more evident with every step and breath I took. I felt almost like a lioness stalking her prey. I couldn't wait to devour him.

AJ stood up and pulled me to him, kissing me passionately. Slowly he left a hot wet trail from my lips to my neck and beyond. I gasped as I felt his lips and teeth around my lace-covered nipple. It was total sensory overload. I was running my hands all over his baldhead and massaging those broad shoulders, as his hands and mouth alternated back and forth between my breasts. 

I moved my hands lower, down past his well muscled back, reaching for his boxers and what was waiting for me inside of them. I almost shrieked in surprise when he pulled me away and pushed me back onto the bed. Never missing a beat he went back to kissing the sensitive undersides of my breasts where he had left off and began working his way lower, leaving a trail of hot wet kisses down to my aching pussy.

I almost came immediately when his fingers parted my nether lips and I felt his hot breath gently blowing on my clit. When his lips first made contact with my pleasure center I felt like I was on fire with electricity coursing through my veins. I came in a wave, almost like a tidal wave showing no mercy as I screamed his name and begged him to fuck me.

As he sat back on his knees I pushed him over onto his back so that I could finally release his cock from the confines of his boxers. It was perfect, not huge, about average length and thickness. I couldn't wait to climb on and ride him for all he was worth. I straddled his hips and slowly lowered myself onto him, savoring every inch of him sliding into my aching pussy. 

I was grinding my hips in a circular motion, when he lifted me off and told me that he wanted to fuck my from behind. I gladly assumed the position on my hands and knees, gently swaying my hips from side to side in invitation. He placed both of his hands on my hips and took me by surprise when he rammed his cock deep inside of me in one swift motion and held it there momentarily.

It felt amazing, as he picked up the pace, slamming his cock in and out of my aching pussy with long hard strokes. I was already losing control, moaning and whimpering in ecstasy when he took me by surprise and smacked my ass. He sent me skyrocketing over the deep end. Screaming, I was coming harder than I ever had before as I thrust back onto him keeping pace with his strokes. It was almost as though my scream was the trigger for his release. I could feel his cock throbbing in my pussy as he filled me.

We stayed in that position for a few minutes, just basking in the afterglow. He pulled out of me and pulled me to him as he climbed up behind me on the bed. While we were laying there in each others arms I looked back over my shoulder and asked him if he was still hoping to get that meeting with the development company's regional manager before heading for home. From the look on his face I could tell he was wondering just where in the heck that question was coming from at that very moment. Before he could answer, I told him that if he was, he could give me his proposal and sales pitch in the morning over room service.