 Bill stirred first, looking around the room and remembering where he was. The candles had long since burned out and there was a dim light coming through the window. Beside him lay the 18-year-old girl from whom he had taken her virginity the night before. He had an urge to stroke her exposed breasts, the nipples on which were soft and flat against her skin, but he did not want to wake her. 

He didn't want to get up and just leave Alice either. He admitted to himself that he had taken advantage of her and did not want to make things worse by not being there when she awoke. He gently slid his legs over the edge of the bed and searched his jacket pocket for his flask. Yes, it was six in the morning. Yes, he hadn't eaten yet. And, yes, he was drinking whisky. The first slug of the morning from the flask burned as it usually did. The second went down smoother. He didn't even taste the third.

"A little early for that, isn't it?"

He turned to the voice and saw Alice watching him, her round, full body now more fully exposed. If she had been awake before, Bill lied to himself, he would be licking her instead of the top of his flask.

"Yes, it's early," Bill replied. "It's always early, and it's always too late." He took a final sip and returned the flask to his jacket.

"I'll be right back," he told Alice and he got up and headed for the bathroom. When he went to shut the door, he realized that Alice was right behind him.

"Do you mind?" he asker her.

"Not if you don't," was her reply. Bill just shook his head, walked over to the toilet and aimed towards the bowl. In a second a stream of piss appeared from his cock. Alice stood behind him, hugging his back, and watched him empty his bladder. Her tits felt warm against his back as her arms circled around in front of him. She reached down and put her hand on his and they both held his cock as he pissed. When he finished, he gave it a little shake.

"Why do you do that?" Alice asked.

"Just getting the last drops off the tip," Bill explained.

"Oh," she said, and she reached, wiped the tip of his cock with her finger and put it to her lips. "Does that help?" Bill chuckled to himself. Twenty-four hours ago this girl had, at the most, sucked some guy's little wiener. Now she was licking his piss off her finger.

"I need to wash up," he told Alice who turned the water on in the shower and stepped in.

"I'll help," she said and pulled Bill into the shower with her. She grabbed a washcloth off the shelf, soaped it up and started on his back, working from his shoulders to his ass. She rubbed the cloth between his ass cheeks and then turned him around to do the front. Again starting at the top, she worked her way down until she reached his cock and balls. She soaped them up then, without the washcloth in her hand, rubbed them letting the cock and balls slide through her soapy hands. Bill's cock responded immediately and soon she was stroking his hard meat.

Alice took the shower spray, rinsed him off and then knelt in front of him after shutting the water off. Bill's cock stood out straight from his body and was pointed at her lips. Without hesitation she opened her lips and took the cockhead into her mouth. Alice was not looking for sensuous foreplay but aggressively fucked Bill's cock with her mouth until it was buried in her throat. She could tell he was getting into it when his hips started pumping hard against her face.

Alice let the cock fall from her mouth. Strings of saliva and pre-cum ran from the tip to her lips. She stood and kissed Bill hard.

"Fuck me," she said and she turned to face the tiled wall. Bill understood what she wanted and stepped behind her, guiding his cock to her asshole. Alice reached around and spread her round cheeks giving him access to her hole and he pushed hard into her. She cried out at the suddenness of his action which pinned her against the wall.

"Is this what you want?" he asked, knowing it was exactly what she wanted. She nodded quietly.

"I said 'is this what you want'?" he asked again, wanting to hear the words come out of her mouth.

"Yes," she said breathlessly.

"Yes, what?"

"Yes," she said to Bill, "I want you to fuck me in the ass." 

She winced as Bill pushed his cock all the way into her rectum until his pubes were against her ass cheeks. Then, in a painfully slow manner, he slid his cock all the way back out. Then, in a painfully quick motion, he slammed his meat back into her ass pressing her against the wall again. He repeated this agonizing torture several times, sometimes lingering outside her asshole long enough for her to wonder when he would penetrate her again and responding with a grunt when his cock skewered her again.

When Bill had enough of this fun, he started fucking her hard and fast, grabbing her ample hips making sure that she absorbed each of his thrusts to the fullest. Each thrust was met with a grunt from Alice and the slapping sound of their flesh meeting and her round cheeks shook with each violent collision. 

Looking down he saw that Alice had started to rub herself while he fucked her. No, that wouldn't do, he thought to himself and he reached down, grabbed her hands and lifted them above her head. Holding them there with one hand, he put the other around her waist and held her steady as he pounded his meat into her ass.

"Tell me again. What do you want?" he whispered into her ear.

"Fuck my ass," she responded.

"Again," he ordered.

"Fuck my ass," she said again and he responded with another sadistic thrust into her ass.

He repeated his order and she repeated the answer and was again impaled on his cock.

"Fuck me ass... fuck my ass... fuck my ass..." she continued without prompting, each time her request being answered until Bill felt his balls tighten and he shot his load deep into her bowels. 

"Oh... SHIT... YES!" Alice screamed and when his cock finished pulsing he could feel the contractions and spasms of Alice's muscles as she came shortly after he did. It was a great feeling, as if her ass was milking his cock dry. He held her hands above her and leaned her into the wall until his cock softened enough to be expelled from her abuse asshole. He spun Alice around and kissed her hard on the lips. 

"Clean me off," he told her and she sank to her knees and started licking his soft cock but before she could finish he released a stream of piss into her mouth. He was surprised that she did not recoil from it but actually let it fill her mouth until it flowed over her lips. When he finished, she spit it out and took his cock in her mouth again and licked it clean.

"Why don't you cleanup," he told her as he stepped out of the shower and wrapped a towel around himself. He left her kneeling in the shower and walked back into the bedroom where he took another drink from his flask. 

"What am I going to do now?" he asked himself, wondering about the girl 25 years younger than him that seemed to be willing to do just about anything for him.

He had made his way to the kitchen and figured out how to make coffee and when Alice got downstairs she found him sitting at the table wearing a towel. She had slipped into a nightshirt which clung to her like paint and barely covered her backside. Every curve of her full body was accentuated by the tightness of fabric stretched over her skin. 

"I see you made coffee," she said noticing the cup in front of him. His flask was beside it and she picked up the cup and took a sip. "That's pretty strong 'coffee'."

"Yeah, I guess," Bill replied. "Look, we need to talk."

Alice poured herself a cup of coffee and sat down. There were four chairs in the kitchen and she sat in the one right next to Bill. He could feel the warmth of her body and the fresh scent of soap and shampoo.

"You shouldn't allow yourself to be treated the way I treated you," he explained. "You're too nice of a girl to do that."

"I was just trying to please you," she said looking into her cup as if there were answers floating somewhere in the coffee. "I thought you liked me and that's why you did those things."

"I do like you," Bill replied, "but I did those things because of this," he said pointing to the flask on the table.

"Look, whether I like you or not is not what is in question here," Bill continued. "I'm 25 years older than you, I drink too much, have strange ideas as to what I want in a physical relationship and you can do a whole lot better."

Bill turned to look at Alice and recognized the look on her face from last night. It was the look of an insecure teenager left standing alone on a street corner, abandoned by her friends. And he was telling Alice that he, too, was leaving her alone on the street corner.

"I know you're right," Alice replied, not looking up from her coffee, "but I don't have anyone else." She let her hand come to rest on Bill's leg and ran her fingers along the inside of his thigh. She didn't say anything else.

Bill took her hand in his and squeezed it and returned it to the top of the table. He didn't need Alice rubbing his thigh when he was trying to say good-bye to her.

"The things you see in those movies you and your friends watch and the things we did last night aren't 'normal'. You should be treated with more respect. And I'm probably not the guy to do that."

"I know," she said again, "but I like you and would do anything for you." Her hand returned to his leg.

Bill's mind said to move her hand again but his body responded otherwise. His cock started to harden and tent the towel he was wearing. Alice's hand inched up and down his thigh getting closer and closer to his balls until she finally curved her fingers around his ball sack and massaged it gently.

"Alice..."

She leaned over and kissed his bare shoulder and then let her lips trace down to his chest while her hand grasped the shaft of his cock and started stroking it under the towel. He grabbed her by the hair, at first to pull her away from him, but the urge to let her continue was too great. He pushed her head down to her lap where she opened the towel and took him into her mouth. He groaned as the warmth of Alice's mouth enveloped his cock and her saliva dripped down his shaft while her lips slid up and down the length of his cock.

Bill pulled her mouth off his cock and up to his where he kissed her passionately.

"You don't have to do this, Alice," he said between kisses.

"I want to," she replied. "I want to do anything you want me to, Mr. Walters."

Bill stood and pulled Alice to her feet. Grabbing the bottom of her nightshirt, he pulled it quickly over her head and tossed it aside. He then turned her away from him, bent her face down on the table and slid his cock into her pussy from behind. Alice gasped at the intrusion as he pushed his thick, eight-inch long meat into her without warning. Her tits were pressed to the table and she grabbed the sides of the table as Bill started thrusting into her. Bill wrapped one arm around her waist, using his hand to massage her pussy, and the other pushed her onto the table by the neck.

"Oh, God... Mr. Walters!" Alice cried as her pussy tightened around his cock. Bill was pumping into her as fast as he could, rubbing her clit at the same time. Alice's legs were spread wide apart and Bill drove his cock deep into her on every stroke. "Oh... God... Oh... God..." she moaned with each syllable coming out as if forced by Bill's push into her pussy. The force of his thrusts were enough to upset the two cups on the table and hot coffee spilled across the table and pooled around Alice's tits. The sensation of warm liquid flowing on her breasts caused her juices to flow in her pussy.

Bill pulled out and told Alice to turn over and lie on the table. One she was lying on the table, he grabbed her by the ankles, spread her legs wide and guided his juice-covered cock at the opening of her pussy. Without effort he slid back into her tight, wet vagina and started fucking her again.

Alice's hand had found her clit and was rubbing it in rhythm with Bill's strokes and it took only a few seconds before her climax hit her and her muscles contracted around Bill's cock. By instinct she tried to close her legs but Bill held them apart, not willing to let her recover from her orgasm. Minutes later she came again, this time a crashing unrelenting wave of pleasure that caused her to cry out. Bill felt the contractions around his cock and could feel his cum rising in his cock. He pulled it out of Alice just in time to see rope after rope of thick, white cum shoot across Alice's breasts. He stroked his cock coaxing more cum out of it until the shots slowed to a dribble that dripped onto Alice's pussy.

A minute passed before Bill recovered enough to lower Alice's legs. She winced as her thighs closed around her pussy which was abused, sore and wet with Bill's cum and her own excretions. Bill leaned over and kissed her lips and she took his head in her hands and returned the kiss passionately. Bill let his mouth find its way to her ear and neck, kissing them as he went and finally ended at her breast where he licked the cum off her nipples. He slid lower on her body, licking and cleaning her as he went until he reached her mound of dark pubic hair. Using his tongue, he parted the hair and flicked it in and out of her slit.

Alice responded first by pushing him away from her ravaged pussy and then by pulling his face into her. She could not take another orgasm but neither did she have the strength to push him away. As the soreness subsided and waves of pleasure engulfed her, she surrendered to his oral pleasures.

Alice could feel her pleasure mounting as Bill licked and sucked on her. She closed her eyes and spread her legs as wide as she could, completely surrendering to Bill's ministrations. Her own hands rode up on her body caressing her breasts and pinching her nipples as Bills fingers alternately fucker her pussy and asshole. Bill's other hand was stroking the length of his cock which was hard again. Looking down she could see the top of his head bobbing up and down between her thighs. 

It was then she thought she saw movement at the kitchen door window. She tried to push him away but he resisted. She questioned whether she had seen something, if only to allow herself to continue to be serviced by Bill without interruption. But, THERE! She saw it again. 

SHIT! It was Sister Rose! And she was in the window watching them! Alice tried again to push Bill away but his fingers were deep inside her fucking as he flicked at her clit with his tongue. She tried once more, but the words were unable to come. Only then did she realize that she did not want to stop. No, let Sister Rose watch.

She let Bill do his magic between her legs and she resumed pinching her nipples again. She watched the expression on Sister Rose's face which had gone from one of horror to one of fascination. Alice found some perverted pleasure in letting the good sister watch the sex scene in front of her and she climaxed once again. Her vagina and ass muscles gripped Bills fingers as they slid in and out of her and she closed here eyes as she moaned in relief.

Bill stood up and got up on the table with Alice, straddling her head. He was stoking his cock quickly and it was pointed towards her mouth. Alice glanced over and could see Sister Rose frozen in place watching what was about to unfold in front of her. Alice stared into her eyes and could tell Sister Rose was fascinated with what she was seeing. She did not take her eyes off Sister Rose when she heard Bill grunt and shoot his load into her mouth and onto her face. When he was finished he lowered his softening cock to her lips where she took him into her mouth and sucked on him and looking towards the door she saw that Sister Rose was gone.

"Mr. Walters," she said pulling his cock from her mouth, "I need to tell you something."

Bill bent down and kissed her on the lips. "What is it?"

Alice thought a minute, looked at the door and back at Bill.

"I love you," she said.