 A collection of stand-alone stories, which can be read in any order. All stories will begin with the same introduction. Many thanks to JD for providing inspiration.

***

They had been talking over coffee when she brought up the subject the first time. "So, tell me about your fantasies."

He had smiled and laughed, asking, "Where did this line of questioning come from, love?"

"I'm curious, of course. I want to see how closely they match with mine." Her eyes had danced a little as she added, "And perhaps I just want to hear you talking about sex." His Irish brogue was charming, and she loved listening to him. 

They had met online – common enough these days – and he had written to her that his accent, "... would have you on your back with your jeans around your ankles in no time. Don't ask me why, but American women just love it." Too true. She loved it.

And so he had told her a few of his fantasies, and she had listened, flirting with him, enjoying the way he shifted in his seat as she added views of her cleavage to his descriptions.

"I'm starting to think you're just trying to make it difficult for me to stand up and walk out of here without being noticeably erect."

She had laughed, and offered to help him take care of whatever difficulties he might be having in that department. 

And she had quietly filed away his answers to her question.

*****

She quietly slid open the shower door and slipped in behind him.

"No, don't turn around," she said, to stop him from turning to embrace her. "I just want to look at you." She ran her hand down his back, gently following the shape of the muscles from his shoulders, stroking along his spine, moving down and over to end at his hip.

He exhaled, enjoying the hot water on his front, and her caress on his back.

Placing her thumbs in the small of his back, near his spine, she pressed and rubbed, massaging away some of the tension from the tight muscles. He made a sound of contentment as she continued, pressing deeply.

A few moments later she picked up a scrub, lathered it, and began the process of washing his back.

"Thank you, love," he said with a sigh. He leaned his hands against the front wall of the shower, dropping his head down to allow the water to cascade over his head and down his back.

"Hey," she chided gently, "let me wash before you rinse." She shifted her scrubbing down to his ass cheeks as he chuckled. His quiet laughter stopped abruptly with a sharp intake of breath. She had reach under to caress his balls with one soapy hand.

"Oh," he said with a soft groan. She continued soaping his scrotum, far longer than was necessary for cleanliness. "Fuck, that feels amazing." 

She had dropped the scrub and snaked her other hand around his hip, now using both hands to slide his soapy testes around, back and forth, exploring. She shifted her front side hand to slide up his expanding erection.

He groaned as she stroked him slowly, soap making his cock slide easily through her fist. 

"Just making sure you're really, really clean, sweetheart." She smiled against his back, placing kisses along his spine as she continued stroking, fondling. She tasted the skin on his back with her tongue, and bit him gently with her teeth. All the while continuing to slide his shaft through her fist and move his balls with her fingers.

In a slightly strained voice, he said, "I think I'm clean now." He tried to turn around, adding, "I should wash you."

Pressing closer to him to prevent the turn, she tightened her grip slightly, and said, "No, I don't think so. I'm not convinced you're clean enough yet." She shifted and moved her hand more rapidly along his length, twisting her hand just a bit at the head each time.

It was making him crazy. She increased her speed until his breathing hitched in the familiar way that told her he was close. They both knew that there wasn't enough pressure or friction to get him off; it was just enough to keep him on edge, orgasm close but unreachable.

Finally relenting, she said, "OK, you're probably clean enough..." She had barely finished the sentence before he turned to her, pushing her back against the wall of the shower. The cold against her back made her squeak in surprise as he covered her mouth with his. His hands found her breasts, his tongue found hers, and it was her turn to gasp as he shifted one hand from her breast and down to slide a finger through her slit and slip inside her.

"You're wet," he growled. He added a second finger and kissed her harder, pushing his tongue into her mouth in a rhythm that he matched with his fingers pushing into her, rubbing his hand along her clit.

She made a needy sound and rocked against his hand, seeking more pressure from his palm.

"Oh, no," he said, removing his hands from her body and wrapping them around her wrists. "Not after all of that teasing. You have to wait for me." He held her hands over her head against the shower wall and kissed her, hard, as he pressed his body against hers.

She felt his hard cock trapped between them and squirmed against him, trying to continue her teasing while he kissed her deeply. Reaching down, he gripped his cock and slid it between her thighs, making sure that the shaft was tucked between her lips, riding against her clit. He moved his hands to the outside of her thighs to hold them together, with his cock trapped between them. 

She gasped out an "Oh!" as he started moving, thrusting between her legs, allowing his cock to drag back and forth against her clit with every movement, feeling her hands grip his shoulders and her breath panting against his neck. 

He released her thighs and shifted his legs to press between hers, and she responded eagerly, opening, moving one leg up his thigh as he grabbed her ass.

They were similar enough in height to make it possible for him to enter her while they were standing, and he bent his legs enough to slide the tip of his rock hard cock against her opening.

With one hard thrust he entered her, swallowing her shout of pleasure with another deep kiss.

He held himself buried deep inside her and looked into her eyes. "Now," he said. "Now I'm going to make you cum, you sexy tease." 

Her return gaze was full of heat, and she moved her leg higher on his hip, grinding against him. "Yes," she replied, and she ground against him again, adding, "Please."

"Please what?" He slid his cock out just a little, and then shoved in again, hard, filling her. "Tell me what you want."

She looked at him, her eyes filled with passion, and said, clearly and distinctly, "I want you to fuck me, handsome man."

He grinned, and started moving in and out of her, slowly.

She closed her eyes, breathing harder. "Fuck me." He moved a little faster, a little harder. Opening her eyes and smiling, she kissed and bit his lower lip, and then slid her lips up to his ear and whispered, "Please fuck me HARD."

He finally gave in to what they both wanted, and thrust into her hard and fast, listening to her moan out his name.

They bucked against each other, building towards release until his long, drawn out groan of orgasm finally pushed her over the edge into a shared climax. He felt her fingers digging into his skin as she held him tightly, muscles contracting around him in waves, drawing out his own orgasm as he continued to capture her moans with his kisses.

It was a few moments before they realized that the water was starting to cool.

"Looks like it's time to get out, love. Almost out of hot water." He chuckled, saying, "I'm not sure how much of me actually got washed. Not that I care anymore."

She smiled at him in a slightly sleepy way as he turned to shut off the water, and she opened the shower door just enough to grab the two towels waiting on the rack, handing one to him.

"I'm pretty sure none of me got washed," she said with a smile as she stepped out of the shower to dry off.

He bent his head and rubbed the towel through his hair and then paused for a moment, still looking down. Laughing out loud, he said, "Oh, love, you are clever." He stepped out of the shower to join her, putting his arms around her waist to give her a kiss. "I just this minute noticed the new non-slip mat on the floor of the shower."

She returned his kiss with a smile and a twinkle in her eye. "Safety first, sweetheart."