 Baron – this one is for you My Lover. If only I could make all your dreams come true. Love Sao xx

Isobel had been planning this afternoon for the past few weeks, and wanted everything to be perfect. It was a year to the day that herself and Peter had first got together, when they had both realised that the online friendship they had shared for the previous few months had become something more. He had said something that he was afraid had offended her and sent flowers to her office the next morning. For both of them it had become a watershed and they had quickly come to a place where they could no longer deny how they felt.

She smiled to herself as she got out of the shower, remembering how cautious they both were and yet how alive this new relationship had made them both feel. They had come a long way from those days of being an online couple. They now spoke several times a day on the phone and met as often as they could, grabbing a few precious hours together where they could relax and indulge themselves in the love making they so passionately indulged themselves in online.

So, here it was a year later, and Isobel was determined to make the day as special as she could for him. She had arranged for him to meet her for the afternoon in the penthouse suite of the new hotel in town, overlooking the bay. She had spent the morning in the hotel's beauty and hairdressing salons and she now stood naked in front of the mirror appraising herself. Her normally pale skin was tanned lightly, her nails manicured and polished, her wavy hair dried straight the way he liked it, her breasts were full yet firm and her pussy bare, waxed smooth and soft.

Softly humming to herself she rubbed Ralph Lauren Romance body oil over her body, her fingers lingering over her breasts and pussy as she anticipated his mouth and fingers caressing her. Glancing at the clock she knew he would have left the office and would be on his way to her. She slipped into the outfit she had bought specially for today, and then slipped a long black silk robe over it to cover the surprise. A final squirt of Romance perfume and she was ready.

As if right on cue, she could hear Peter's key in the door. A last glance in the mirror and an adjustment of the robe, Isobel smiled broadly as the door opened, and Peter came in, his arms full of freesias and clutching a bottle of champagne. "Happy Anniversary Sweetheart" he beamed as he handed her the flowers, kissing her softly and as usual admiring how she looked and smelt. Putting the flowers aside she moulded herself into his open arms and they held each other closely. Knowing that if they stayed like that much longer they would end up devouring each other right away and ruin her surprise, Isobel pulled away gently and suggested that he open the champagne. 

Peter threw his jacket over the back of a chair, took off his tie, loosened his shirt collar and wandered over beside her to look out at the magnificent view from the window. Popping open the bottle of champagne and pouring a glass for each of them, he stood behind Isobel, his arms around her, kissing the top of her head, murmuring into her ear and nibbling on the nape of her neck. She leaned back into him not speaking, not wanting to break the moment, her eyes closed, a happy contented look on her face. "Here's to us my Darling, and to many more years of togetherness" he whispered into her hair, as they both relished the shared memories.

A soft knock on the door disturbed them as the bell boy entered with the lunch she had ordered earlier. They chatted easily as they ate lunch, she had ordered light salads for both of them, hers with chicken and his with fish. They both always enjoyed the build up over lunch, the teasing, the eye contact, the knowledge that they were both hungry for each other and knowing that the afternoon was theirs to indulge in each others bodies.

As Isobel crossed her legs at the table, her robe fell open to reveal a pair of black high heeled shoes and black thigh high, lace top stockings. "God, you have gorgeous legs" Peter sighed, watching her as she seductively crossed and then uncrossed her legs, enjoying his reaction. Peter felt his cock react instantly as he once again fell under her spell. In the meantime Isobel stood up from the table and let her robe slip to the floor. As Peter poured more champagne he glanced up at her and gasped. "Oh my God Isobel" was all he could muster... "Oh my God!" 

She stood in front of him wearing a black pvc laced up corset, her nipples protruding through the cups, a black crotchless pvc thong, a black pvc suspender belt with black stockings and high heeled black shoes. Her demeanour changed as suddenly as she had dropped her robe. No longer the loving, playful sex kitten, she had become a tiger in full control, her eyes flashing, her stance confident and sexy. For this afternoon she was living one of his fantasies for him and had become his Domme.

Isobel moved to the bed and sat on the edge legs crossed, and smiled at him sexily. "Stand up Peter" she commanded, watching him as he got to his feet, "now, strip!! I want you naked. I want to see how much you want me." Peter eagerly undid his shoe laces and kicked his shoes off, pulling his socks off as he did so. He fumbled with his belt and zip on his pants but soon they were on the floor too. Eager to be naked for her he pulled his shirt over his head and finally pulled his black silk boxers down over his now throbbing erection, watching as threads of pre-cum clung to the material.

"Now, lie down on the bed face down" Isobel instructed, admiring his body as he did so. She leaned over him and placed a blindfold over his eyes, despite his protests that he wanted to see her. Reaching into the bedside locker she pulled out a wrist cuff and deftly caught his right wrist and tied it to the bed head. She did the same with his other wrist and then moved down the bed to cuff his ankles. "Oh Baby" he murmured, caught up in the most exquisite feelings, "you have nooooo idea what you are doing to me"! In reply Isobel ran her hands along his back whispering "you ain't seen nothing yet Lover!"

Reaching under the bed, Isobel pulled out her new riding crop she had bought just for today. Kneeling between his outstretched legs she lightly flicked the crop against his ass cheeks. He flinched as she brought the crop down on his ass several times, each time a little harder than before. Groaning he gasped that she was making him so hard, it stung, but fuck it was hot! In reply Isobel raised the crop and again brought it down sharply on his ass. Watching his reaction and seeing how turned on he was getting only served to turn Isobel on more. She could feel the moistness of her pussy and her nipples were protruding like hard buds from her tight pvc top.

Easing back on the spanking and smiling to herself as she saw how red his ass was, she reached for her bottle of Romance body oil. Pouring some onto her hands, she began massaging his shoulders, working her way steadily back to his ass. She stopped the massage when she reached his butt and leaned over him, softly kissing his cheeks. Her mouth kissed and licked and nibbled at his bum, while her hands began to probe at his asshole. Pulling his cheeks gently apart Isobel ran her tongue along his crack, working her way from his heavy balls to his anus and back again. Peter was groaning and pulling at the cuffs which restrained him. 

"Oh God Baby, I need to fuck you, fuckkkkkkkk I am soooo hard!" Begging her only served to prolong the game Isobel was playing with him, as she gently let some oil drip into his ass. Using her fingers she massaged the oil into his tight hole, her fingers easily sliding in and out.

She stood up then and walked over to the locker. Peter could hear her moving around the room but was unsure what she was doing. He then felt her hands on his feet, freeing him from the ankle cuffs. With another crack of the whip across his ass, she commanded him to get up on all fours, with his hands still restrained and his eyes still covered.

Watching him as he manoeuvring himself into position, Isobel could see how hard his cock was. His balls looked so heavy and his cock looked ready to explode at any time. Isobel climbed onto the bed behind him and positioned herself between his legs the way he had done with her many times. "Oh Jesus" was all Peter could manage to utter as he slowly began to realise that she was going to act out one of his fantasies that he had told her about a long time ago. He had been almost embarrassed while telling her about it, but she found herself extremely turned on by the idea and had vowed to herself that someday she would make it happen for him.

She adjusted the harness she had secretly slipped on, and bending over him gently pushed the tip of the strapon dildo against his anus. Increasing the pressure slightly she pushed a little harder into him, then a bit more, then a bit more. His ass was well lubricated from the oil and she felt the dildo push through his tight ring with only slight resistance. Peter was gasping, groaning, his hands still cuffed and tied to the headboard. Isobel watched as the dildo slid completely into his ass, smiling to herself that it was now she who was fucking him, not the other way around! 

Keeping up a steady rhythm Isobel fucked Peter's ass with the dildo. She slid one hand underneath to cup his balls and to grasp his cock for a moment. "Oh God Peter" she groaned, "you are so fucking hard and wet." Pushing herself further into him, Isobel put both hands on his hips, driving the dildo deep into him in long hard thrusts. In return Peter pushed back into her, completely lost in the erotic world she had created for him. Isobel thrust the dildo deep into him, both of them in a shared world of pure abandonment, her breasts pressing against his back. She was practically climbing up his back, the fake cock buried so deep in his ass, her fingers clawing at his skin, driving it in further and deeper. "Oh Christ Isobel" he screamed, "I am going to cum. FUCK I can feel my cock about to blow, oh fuck don't stop, its cumming, I'm sooooo close, yesssss, oh fuckkkkkkkkkk Isobelllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll!. YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!"

Isobel felt his entire body tense and buck underneath her as Peter's orgasm crashed over him. Wave after wave of intense pleasure struck him as his cock exploded onto the bed, blasting reams of hot sticky cum onto the sheets. As his body shuddered and trembled with the force of his orgasm, Isobel slowly eased back with the dildo. Sliding it completely from him, she uncuffed his hands and took the blindfold from his eyes. Rolling over onto his side, and gasping to catch his breath he caught his first glimpse of her wearing the harness. "Oh Isobel, Baby" he whispered, "you look so incredibly sexy and you are so damn hot! Come here Woman!" Unstrapping the harness and letting it fall to the floor, Isobel climbed onto the bed beside him, collapsing into his arms as he completely wrapped himself around her. They lay there for a while, whispering, sipping their champagne, enjoying the closeness they shared, both completely contended.

After a while Peter leaned over Isobel to kiss her, softly running his hands down her face and through her hair. He kissed all around her face as one hand reached to pull on her nipples the way he knew she loved. Pulling on each nipple, gently twisting and pinching each of them, he felt her body arching into him. Her eyes had that glazed look that she got when she was aroused, and leaving her face he took each nipple into his mouth to suck and bite on. His hand roamed down her stomach, over her suspender belt and thong to the open crotch. His fingers easily slid around her soaking slit as she gasped and grabbed his hair with her hands. He adored her pussy and could spend hours licking and kissing it, being turned on by her taste and scent.

She lay on the bed, her legs bent at the knees and open, his fingers stroking her clit and diving deep inside her, his mouth devouring her nipples. Moving down the bed to kneel between her legs, he grabbed a pillow and placed it under her ass. In one expert movement he was tonguing her, his tongue circling her clit, his fingers pressed deep into her hot tight cunt. By now Isobel's head was thrashing from side to side, as she panted and moaned in ecstasy. Peter continued to lick and suck on her clit, up along her slit and then into her pussy, while pushing his fingers further and deeper into her. Her cunt was eager for him and felt so hot and wet. Her juices were all over his mouth and chin and he loved how she tasted. He lapped at her peehole, knowing that it would drive her wild. She clamped her stockinged legs around his head and thrust her open pussy upwards towards his face, sliding it up and down. Gasping for release she pulled at her own nipples as Peter continued to drive her towards the edge.

"Peterrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr" she screamed as she felt her orgasm exploding, "Peteeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr... I love youuuuuuuuuuuu, Oh fuckkkkkkk.. Oh God, yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!" Her body shook and quivered, her throat and face flushed from the power of her orgasm. With a few lingering loving kisses on her pussy, Peter slid back up the bed to wrap her back up in his arms and hold her. Gently throwing the sheet over both of them he held her tight and as they both started to fall asleep, kissed the top of her head and whispered "I love you Isobel."