 A collection of stand-alone stories, which can be read in any order. All stories will begin with the same introduction. Many thanks to JD for providing inspiration.

***

They had been talking over coffee when she brought up the subject the first time. "So, tell me about your fantasies."

He had smiled and laughed, asking, "Where did this line of questioning come from, love?"

"I'm curious, of course. I want to see how closely they match with mine." Her eyes had danced a little as she added, "And perhaps I just want to hear you talking about sex." His Irish brogue was charming, and she loved listening to him.

They had met online -- common enough these days -- and he had written to her that his accent, "... would have you on your back with your jeans around your ankles in no time. Don't ask me why, but American women just love it." Too true. She loved it.

And so he had told her a few of his fantasies, and she had listened, flirting with him, enjoying the way he shifted in his seat as she added views of her cleavage to his descriptions.

"I'm starting to think you're just trying to make it difficult for me to stand up and walk out of here without being noticeably erect."

She had laughed, and offered to help him take care of whatever difficulties he might be having in that department.

And she had quietly filed away his answers to her question.

*****

"Really?" She had looked completely incredulous. She shook her head slightly and said, "No," and then paused. A small head tilt, and then she asked again, "Really? Never? You've never had a blow job?"

He had laughed, a warm, rich sound. "Yes, really. Don't get me wrong, I have been on the receiving end of oral, but in the context of foreplay. Never as the full act itself." He had leaned forward across the table, lowered his voice, and said conspiratorially, "I have never cum in a woman's mouth."

"Oh, well, sweetheart, we are going to have to change that, now, aren't we?"

*****

He grabbed a quick dinner immediately after work on Friday, and then came directly over to her apartment. Working with his hands meant that he ended most days sweaty, generally filthy, and ready for a hot shower before doing anything else.

She met him at the door with a quick kiss, saying, "Hello, sweetheart. The shower is all yours. I got you a new bathrobe. It's in the bathroom along with clean towels. I will be waiting for you after."

"Thank you, love."

While he showered, she finished her preparations. Spaghetti-strap dark blue satin chemise. Glass of merlot on the table next to the couch.

He came out of the bathroom wearing the new thick cotton robe and toweling his hair dry. "God, I feel better. What a week..." and his voice trailed off as he caught sight of her. "Well, hel-lo." His eyes widened in appreciation, and he took his time looking her up and down.

"Hello to you," she said, and took his hand to lead him to sit on the couch, and then leaned over to give a good view of cleavage before kissing him lightly on the lips. "You have had a long week, so I thought you could use some pampering." She stood up and handed him the glass of wine. He hadn't taken his eyes off of her yet.

"If pampering involves seeing you looking like that, count me in." He took a sip of the wine and closed his eyes briefly. "Oh, that's good." Opening his eyes again, he asked, "Are there other plans for this evening, I hope?"

She cocked her head and smiled playfully. "Are you interested in other plans?"

He chuckled and said, "There's a bulge forming in this bathrobe that says I am."

"Oh, really?" She picked up a pillow that was strategically placed on a nearby chair and put it on the floor near his feet. "I guess I should check that out to make sure before I do anything further," and she knelt down in front of him and tugged the knot on the robe. "I wouldn't want to make any decisions about the rest of this evening without having all of the pertinent information."

He felt her hands run up the outsides of his thighs underneath the robe, and murmured, "Oh, fuck." Her hands ran over the top of his thighs, tantalizingly near to his balls as they came down to his inner thighs, and he groaned as she dragged her hands gently down his inner thighs to his knees, pushing his legs apart as she went.

"You are very long overdue for some serious attention for your beautiful cock." She settled herself comfortably between his knees, and gently encouraged him to move his hips forward on the couch just a bit, so that everything was in easy reach. "Oh, yes," she cooed, touching his hardening shaft gently, enjoying the twitch that resulted. "This definitely needs some attention. And so do these." She cradled his balls, weighing them in her hand. They were large, and heavy, and she rolled them gently in her fingers briefly before shifting her hands to the tops of his thighs again, and further up to his chest, stroking through his chest hair.

His eyes were half-lidded, and he was breathing more heavily than normal already. While she ran her hands over his nipples, feeling them rise up under her fingertips, she leaned forward and licked him from root to tip, slowly, with the flat of her tongue. He was fully erect.

"Christ." It was a whispered groan, and he closed his eyes and put his head back against the couch cushions.

She dragged her hands slowly back down to his legs, leaving her tongue in light contact with the tip of his cock as she did. "I'm going to enjoy this very much," she said, pressing his left leg further away from his body so that she could place licks and kisses at the crease of his hip. "God, you smell so fucking male." She rubbed her cheek against his hard shaft, and heard another quiet groan. "I love it. I love the way you smell. And the way you taste." She moved to his scrotum and took the loose skin in her lips and tugged gently, and then took one testicle into her mouth, using her tongue to move it around within the pouch. The groans were louder, and he instinctively moved his right leg further away so that she had room to repeat her actions on his other testicle, lightly sucking as she manipulated it with her tongue, finishing with licks and kisses to the crease of his opposite hip.

"You're so thick." She had wrapped her hand around him, using a light pressure and slight movement to feel his girth. "I love the way you stretch me when we fuck." Her tongue flicked lightly over the tip of his cock, and then swirled in widening circles as she pulled down with her hand, fully exposing his glans to her exploring tongue. Dragging her tongue down the underside of his shaft, she turned her head sideways to lick and kiss just where his shaft met his balls, pulling at the skin with her lips as she had earlier. She laved her tongue across his balls and back again, taking time to pull each testicle in her mouth one more time to suck and manipulate with her tongue.

Finally licking and kissing her way back up the underside of his shaft, she used one hand to grip him firmly near the base while she licked across his glans and over the tip of his cock repeatedly, tasting the salty precum. She looked up to his face; he was watching with heavy eyes, flushed and breathing hard. Smiling at him, maintaining eye contact, she took him into her mouth until her lips met her hand.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck." It was almost a mantra he was repeating as she began moving on his cock. Her left hand moved up his chest again, stroking through his chest hair, touching and tweaking his nipples, pressing against the muscles of his chest. She started with moving her mouth slowly up and down on his shaft. Bringing her left hand back down again, she reached under to cup his balls, rolling her fingers in time with the sliding of his cock. She added a bit more suction pressure, and allowed him to pop out of her mouth, only to swirl her tongue around his crown again.

Releasing both of her hands, she took him back into her mouth, taking him in as far as she could while she moved her hands back along his thighs to the top of his ass. He felt her run her short nails across his back and down to his thighs as she held him deep in her mouth for a moment, before resuming her hold on his shaft and her shallower strokes into her mouth. Increasing speed slightly caused an audible intake of breath from him; when she opened her mouth around him and rapidly breathed in, causing a rush of cold against his cock, he jumped, gasping, "Holy shit!"

She moved back a bit, chuckling, her eyes wickedly playful when they met his. And then, her gaze shifting to pure heat, she took him into her mouth again and began to move her hand on his shaft with a firm, sure grip, stroking him slowly at first. While she increased the speed of her strokes incrementally, she started treating the top half of his cock as she would a lollipop -- sucking, moving her tongue to press and slide, swallowing while using her tongue to press him against the roof of her mouth. Allowing his cock to pop out of her mouth with hard suction, and then sucking him back in again. Using the tip of her tongue to firmly press against his frenulum, moving it around. All the while increasing the speed of her stroking. Holding his balls with her left hand, touching, rolling, tugging.

He was panting, groaning, moaning. "Oh, fuck yes. Fuck yes." He started moving his hips as she increased the speed and pressure of her stroking yet again. When she allowed the tip to pop out of her mouth she pushed her hand up far enough to move the skin over his head before pulling back down again to stretch it tight, resuming her oral assault on his senses.

Suction. Pressure. Stroking. Tonguing. She was now jacking in the short, fast strokes that she knew would send him over the edge. Hips shifting, cursing, thrusting... and then she pushed her lips down to her hand and moaned loudly, the vibrations finally sending him into a pulsing, shooting, shouting orgasm. He grabbed her head, pushing his hips up towards her mouth, thrusting frantically as his climax crashed over him. He twitched repeatedly as she kept up suction and pressure, continuing to stroke him as she swallowed, massaging his balls as he cursed while ejaculating more than he thought possible.

And finally, finally, he began to relax as she released his cock from her mouth and hands, running her hands up to his chest once more while she kissed the inside of his thighs before getting up to sit next to him on the couch.

"Fuck. Just... fuck." He looked at her. "That was... fuck. No words." She laughed softly, deeply pleased by his reaction, and he smiled at her, looking a little intoxicated. After a few moments of just breathing and returning to his own body, he said, "If you give me a few minutes I'll return the favor, and then maybe give you a proper good fucking."

"Ah, love, while that is a sweet idea," she snuggled up and nipped his earlobe, "this night is all about you and your magnificent cock. If you decide that you're capable of round two this evening, then I will simply," she licked his ear, "and happily," she dropped to a whisper directly into his ear, "suck you off again."