 Nervously, I pace back and forth across the hotel room. I have waited for so long for this day, yet I'm terrified now that it's here. I pause for a moment to check my reflection in the mirror. Short black skirt, no panties...breasts straining against the thin white silk of my blouse, free of a bra. I'm faintly embarrassed by the outline of my nipples, already so hard and showing clearly through the fabric. I followed his instructions to the letter, and can only hope he's satisfied. 

As the time we agreed upon grows closer, doubt begins to fill my mind. What if I'm not what he's expecting? What if I can't fulfill his desires the way he has already filled all of mine? "Stop it, Michelle" I say out loud. After wanting him for so long, and needing so badly to submit completely to him, I can't let my fears stop me now. 

I gasp as I hear the key turn in the door. I quickly move to the door to take his jacket and briefcase for him. I can feel his eyes burning into me as I bend to set his briefcase in the closet. In the next second, I am on my knees as he looms behind me. His hands run through my hair as he holds me to him, and I can feel his cock already growing in his jeans.

"Ah, my good little cumslut, are you ready to hand yourself over to me?" 

"Yes, Master," I reply, "I am yours to do with as you please." I feel a calmness settle over me, and know that I've made the right decision. 

Slowly, he turns me to face him. God, I want so badly to rip his clothes off now and take him in my mouth, my pussy, my ass...to feel his cum on my body would be sheer heaven! But I know I must wait for it, so instead I bow my head, trembling at the thought of what's to come. Slowly, he unzips his jeans and slides them over his hips. "Look, Michelle. Look at what your Master will give you if you're a good girl." I raise my eyes and a moan escapes me as I see his cock for the first time. Veins are throbbing all along its length, and I close my eyes to imagine how it will feel in my pussy. 

I'm brought back to reality by the sharp slap of his cock across my cheek. "Did I give you permission to close your eyes? Were you supposed to be daydreaming, girl?" 

"I'm sorry, Master," I reply. "Please forgive my moment of weakness." In reply, you draw my head to you. I open my mouth and before I have a chance to react, your cock is buried deep in my mouth, and I can feel my throat opening to make room. You wrap your fingers in my hair and begin a slow, leisurely thrusting. All I can think of is how good you taste, and how right this feels. 

You begin pumping harder and faster, telling me what a good girl I am to swallow you so well. Harder and faster, deeper and deeper, until I feel a heat building...my pussy is drenched, and my legs begin to shake. You notice too, and suddenly you stop. "Did I give you permission to cum, girl?" I slowly shake my head with tears streaming from my eyes, both from the enormous cock in my throat and the need to cum. 

You pull out of my mouth, and keeping your hands wrapped in my hair, pull me to my feet and to the bed. I find myself thrown on the bed on my hands and knees, and quickly drop to my elbows, head between them, in the submissive pose I know you like so much. You grab my hips and pull me back to the edge of the bed. I stifle a scream as you run your fingers down my freshly shaved pussy, feeling how wet I am. 

As you stroke my pussy, you warn me. "No noises, little one, or I will stop. If you cum before I allow you to, your fun is over. I will take my things and leave, and you will never hear from me again." I quietly answer, "Yes, Master, this girl will do her best, Sir."

Without warning, you plunge two fingers into my pussy. The shock of it almost makes me cry out, but I bite my lip so hard it bleeds. Working your fingers in and out of me, you sigh with pleasure that I am as tight as you hoped. You slowly withdraw your soaked fingers and tell me that you'd like to see how well my virgin ass can take them. I'm petrified, yet I nod, being careful to not make a sound. 

The pleasure is almost more than I can bear when you slowly rim my ass with your fingers. The pleasure turns to pain as you insert both fingers at once into my tight ass. With the fingers of your other hand, you stroke my clit until I relax, and I begin to forget everything except the amazing sensation of your hands on my body. With two fingers of each hand, you fuck my ass and my pussy. I can almost feel your fingers touching as you ream me harder and harder...it is so hard to keep quiet!

Finally, just as I think I can't take it anymore, you stop. I think I'm getting a break, but I couldn't be more wrong. You step closer to me and say, "I can't decide...will I fuck your pussy or your ass?" You rub your cock along the slit of my pussy, and I can't help but lean back to try and take you inside of me. 

SLAP! Tears spring to my eyes as I feel the heat of your palm coming down on my ass. "girl, you do not get to choose. you are not to move unless I say, understood?" I nod yes, tears again streaming from my eyes. This may be more than I can handle...I have never given up control like this before. More decidedly now, you move the head of your cock to my ass, and push ever so slightly against the tight hole. Just as I think you've made your decision, you slide back to my pussy. Back and forth you continue, making me insane with desire, but knowing I am helpless to make any movement or noise. 

At last, you bring your well lubed cock back to my ass. I tremble with fear, afraid of the pain and unknown that comes with my first ass-fucking. "Don't worry, my little girl. I won't hurt you," you say. Slowly, ever so slowly, you push the head of your cock against my ass. I can feel myself opening to you as you slip the tip of your cock into me. With a soft pop, the head enters me, and you slowly begin to pump into me, little by little. Finally I am accustomed to this new feeling of fullness and begin to move with you. You move a little faster, grabbing my hips to pull me farther and farther onto your throbbing cock. Harder now, you pump into me as I moan inwardly, being careful to make no noise. 

My head is exploding when you finally give me permission to cum, as long as I am quiet. Straining to impale myself on you, I feel myself let loose as my legs begin to shake uncontrollably...my legs and your balls are soaked with my cum as I spurt in the most intense orgasm I have ever had. At the same time, I feel you growing and throbbing in my ass and hear your breath becoming more and more ragged. With one final thrust, you grab my hair and pull me upward against you. You kiss and bite my neck as you give me the best reward ever-hot, ropy, streams of cum shoot into my ass.

Exhausted, you collapse onto me as we fall forward onto the bed. I lay with your weight on top of me, smiling with the pleasure of knowing that I've satisfied you.

"you are a very good girl, Michelle. I may use you again," you say. I lower my eyes and answer "Yes, Master. This girl would like very much to be used in any manner you see fit, whenever you desire my company."

After a short rest, you raise your body off of mine. I hide my disappointment as you shower, then dress to leave. After I shower and dress as well, you pull me to you for one final kiss. I watch you pick up your cell phone and bag, and as you walk down the hall, I hear you say "I'm on my way home, honey. I'll pick up pizza on the way."

I sigh, knowing that this dream of mine can never be a reality. I pick up my keys and purse, and head home to my family, knowing that I will always have the memory of this amazing forbidden day.