 I was at work when I received a call from my son, Tim. It turned out that his boss had been involved in an accident and was facing a week in hospital. Bad luck for the boss but a nice chance for Tim. 

He'd been tapped on the shoulder to replace his boss at a convention in Atlanta for a week. He was on his way to the airport even as we spoke. What he wanted, he said, was for someone to swing past his house each day to feed his damn cat. (His description. Not mine.) It looked as though I was the cat-feeder of choice. 

I figured I'd do it the easy way. Just sling the cat in the car and take it home for a week. Not a problem. I'd done it before.

So after work I swung past Tim's place. Grabbing his mail from the box (making a mental note to do it again in a couple of days) I headed inside to catch the cat. 

The first thing I did was take the mail through to Tim's home office and drop it on his desk. While doing that I heard a noise behind me and assumed it was the cat coming to say hullo. It looked as though it was going to be an easy catch. No hide and seek or chase the maniac feline running along the walls.

I turned around with a 'nice puss' look on my face to lull the little brute into a sense of security and found myself looking at a very pretty young lady wearing a towel.

She said "Surprise," dropping the towel as she did so.

Surprise is right. She was very pretty with just the towel on. Without it, she was sensational. And if you think I got a surprise it was nothing compared to the shock that she got.

She screamed and tried to cover herself with her hands but with breasts like those, no chance. She also started to turn so she could dive for the towel she'd tossed aside so lightly.

I snapped "Hold it," and she sort of froze to the spot.

"Who the hell are you?" I demanded.

She seemed to find it difficult to open her mouth but then she said with this little quaver in her voice, "I'm Jenny. Tim's girlfriend. Who are you and where's Tim?

Um, do you mind if I grab my towel? I feel funny standing here like this," she added.

So. Tim's girlfriend. One of several, actually, even if she didn't know it. Jenny? The name rang a bell. What had Tim said about a girlfriend called Jenny. Oh, that's right. He'd said she was very submissive.

"As a matter of fact I do mind," I replied. "You aren't supposed to be here but seeing you are I'm enjoying looking at you. You have a very nice figure."

Jenny went even redder but, showing her natural submissiveness, she didn't reach for the towel.

"Tim is probably sitting in a plane halfway to Atlanta right now," I told her. "He was tapped to go to some sort of convention. A half hour notice and he was on his way. I'm his father. I'm here to pick up the cat.

Seeing you are here you can go and make me a cup of coffee while I sort out a few details."

"Yes sir," she said, and I could hear the sarcasm oozing out. "I assume that you won't mind if I get dressed while the water boils."

"As a matter of fact I do mind," I replied. "It would be a waste of time. Just make the coffee the way you are."

"What do mean, a waste of time? I want to get dressed. You can't expect me to just run around the house naked."

"Yes, I can," I told her. "If you get dressed I'd just have to undress you if I decide to take you to bed. If I decide not to, then you can get dressed. Now, please go and get my coffee."

For a submissive girl she sure could give a killing look. But I also noticed that she headed straight to the kitchen rather than to one of the bedrooms, where her clothes presumably were.

I watched her bottom swaying as she walked away. Thinking forward, I unzipped.

Jenny returned shortly with the coffee, still naked and still blushing. I indicated that she should sit, and then while I had my coffee I gave her a bit of a cross examination. You know the sort of thing. Typical father quizzing his son's girlfriend. Only difference this time was that Jenny was sitting there naked and I was letting her know that I was fully aware of this fact.

Finishing my coffee I put the mug to one side and told Jenny to come here, patting my lap at the same time.

Her face, which had lightened, went red again.

"Why?" she said.

"Because I've had enough of just looking at you," I told her. "Now I want you here, where I can touch you and taste you."

"Ha," she snorted. "If I come over there you'd want to make love to me. Not going to happen." 

"Don't be silly," I said mildly. "Of course it's going to happen and you know it and expect it. You've been waiting for me to make a move. Now come here."

She did. She rose and came to me, trying to show her reluctance, but coming anyway. 

She sat on my lap and I immediately cupped a breast and squeezed it while my other hand started stroking her leg. Starting at the knee, my hand moved smoothly along the inside of her thigh, moving towards that sensitive junction. Half way up, her legs closed upon my hand, holding it away from her more private areas. I bit her ear lightly and squeezed her breast, rubbing her nipple under my thumb.

"Move your leg," I murmured, my hand pressing slightly more forcefully against where her legs were holding tightly together. She hesitated a moment, but only a moment, and then her legs parted, letting my hand continue its upward sweep.

Very soon I was busy teasing her mound, fingers dipping into her honeyed sweetness, mouth tasting her breasts. Then I edged her hands away from where she held them clasped in front of her, letting one drop onto my lap and against my groin.

Jenny held out for about another thirty seconds, then her hand slid across to my fly, found it already open, and darted inside. She claimed her prize and hauled it forth into the light to see it better.

Jenny, it turned out, was determined to make sure she knew what she was getting. She made a detail examination of my old fellow, and I was beginning to wonder if I would last until the main show started.

Jenny was hot and wet and as far as I was concerned I was long past ready. So I told her to stop playing and sit on it.

Submissive was correct. My wish was her command. Jenny was off my lap, turning to face me, and slowly settling herself down upon my erection almost before the words were out of my mouth.

One little hand held me, holding me in position while she manoeuvred over me until she started to sink down onto me. Then she let me go and placed her hands on my shoulders, continuing to ease herself down onto me, but looking at me for approval as she did so.

I gave her a slow nod, indicating that all was fine by me, and she broke into a huge satisfied smile while pressing down even faster. When she had settled fully onto me she paused, waiting for directions. They were short and simple.

"Now bounce, while I relax," I told her, and Jenny giggled and started bouncing.

Ay yay yay! Could that woman bounce! I don't know if this was a regular way for Jenny to make love but, if it isn't, she's missed her calling. 

The advantage of what was happening was that I could conserve my energy while maximising my pleasure. Jenny definitely seemed to be enjoying herself, gasping and babbling in her pleasure.

It's surprising how long you can last when someone else is doing all the work. Jenny bounced and bounced. My hands resting against her breasts were effectively massaging them as Jenny moved up and down, her breasts rubbing against my palms as she moved. I could feel her hard little nipples grating against my palms as she moved.

Eventually I could hear and see Jenny was approaching her climax. She was making little whimpering sounds as she moved, gasping as she bounced. I had to admit that I was past due myself. I was quite frankly surprised I'd lasted as long as I had.

Jenny squealed at her next bounce as she found me moving vigorously up to meet her. The advantage of conserving my energy now became even more obvious as I slammed into Jenny hard and fast. Jenny was squealing loudly now, a fresh squeal being jolted out of her with each thrust as I slammed powerfully up and into her.

Then her face was buried against my neck, seeming to be trying to bite me and scream at the same time as she went shuddering into her climax. I felt like screaming myself as I vented into her, thinking my own climax would never end. 

Then I was settling back, breathing hard, while Jenny was sort of slumped against me. When Jenny finally showed signs of coming back to life I directed her to the bathroom for a quick shower.

After fifteen minutes she came back, showered and dressed and looking guilty. She chewed on her lip for a few moments and then finally came out with it.

"How can I possibly tell Tim I was unfaithful to him?" she wailed. "What will he say?"

Nothing much, in my opinion, as I'd be having a quiet word with him. He couldn't really complain as his boss's secretary was also at the convention and she was another of his girlfriends.

"If you feel you have to tell him just stand there and confess. You can blame me if you like. Say I caught you unawares and you couldn't help yourself. He'll probably take down your panties and spank you but then you can have some make up sex. 

Just think. The coming spanking will give you something to look forward to."