 Mrs. Riley listened to the rain as she sat in her living room reading another of the trashy romance novels she had been addicted to since she was a girl. The house was empty, unusual for a Saturday night, and she was looking forward to a night of peace and quiet. The sudden ring of the doorbell caused her to glance up at the clock. Ten to eight, she wasn't expecting anyone. With a small sigh she put the book aside and left poor Rachel alone for the first time with her secret love - her father's stable boy.

A quick glance out the peephole identified the caller and she quickly undid the deadbolts on the door and opened it wide. Standing before her was a young man, drenched by the rain.

"Good Evening, Mrs. Riley," He said as he dripped onto the foyer carpet.

"Michael Steven Cassidy, what are you doing out in weather like this, you'll catch your death in this downpour." She said as she ushered him inside.

"I just wanted to drop off Becky's report for school," he said as he produced a small binder wrapped in plastic from under his soaked jacket. "I promised her I'd proofread it and get it back to her by tonight."

"Proofread , is it now." Katie Riley said with skepticism, "Are you sure you didn't just write it for her."

The guilty look on his face told her he had.

"Well we'll discuss this later," she said as she tossed the report on a nearby table. "First order of business is to get you out of those wet clothes. March yourself into the laundry room and toss all of those things into the dryer. You'll find some of Matt's old things in the basket that you can put on."

With a shrug, Michael headed for the laundry room.

Putting on a pot of tea while she waited for Michael to change, Katie worked up a few good angry thoughts for her youngest daughter, Becky Ann. Becky had been dating Michael for three months now, a fact which had surprise her from the onset. Michael was nothing like the boys she had usually gone out with. First off, he was very intelligent and well mannered, - a straight A student. Secondly, although he was very cute, Becky usually preferred guys more rugged looking. It had been a futile hope that maybe she was finally growing up, but now Katie could see that Becky was only using Michael.

"This was all I could find that would fit." Mike said as he walked into the kitchen, holding onto the tie-string of the gym shorts that were too big for him. 

Katie bit down to prevent a laugh. Her middle son's pants were at least 2 sizes too big, but at least the t-shirt had shrunk enough to fit. If he were to let go of the pants, she was sure they would drop to the ground. She quickly dismissed the image, not wanting to make fun of the young man.

"Sit and have a cup of tea, it'll warm you up." She said putting a large mug in front of him as he sat down.

"Thank you." he said quietly.

Silently they drank their tea. He was cute, Katie thought to herself, sandy brown hair, blue eyes and a swimmer's form. A late bloomer, he was only coming into his own at 18, but give him another year or two and he'd really break hearts. All he lacked was self-confidence, without it he was just another boy Becky had wrapped around her little finger.

Aware that Mrs. Riley was looking at him, Michael felt very uncomfortable. At 42, Katie Riley was still an attractive woman. Although she tended to be on the heavy side, her weight was evenly distributed as to give her a full bodied figure. The most striking feature of which was a set of 38D breasts. Breasts Michael was all to conscious of as he tried not to stare at them though the thin housedress Katie wore.

"How long have you been doing Becky's schoolwork?" Katie asked as she put down her mug.

"About 3 months," Mike answered.

"I thought so," Katie said. "Doesn't it bother you that all you are to her is someone to do her schoolwork?"

"No, we really go out..." Michael said excitedly. "She showed me that she really likes me!"

"Oh really now?" Mrs. Riley asked "And how does she do that?"

Michael sat there speechless, he knew he'd said too much.

"You can tell me, Michael, I'm not going to get mad. I know all about the things boys and girls do together."

"Well...we kiss and sometimes she lets me touch her," Michael said, red with embarrassment. He found he couldn't escape the older woman's inquiries. "And sometimes she touches me..."

"She jerks you off?" 

"Ye...Yes...a few times." Michael stammered, amazed at the question.

"Has she ever sucked you off?"

"No..." he yelled. "She wouldn't ever do something like that!"

Katie smiled in amusement, the boy was in love with Becky. She was the first girl he'd ever had any sexual contact with and it had blinded him to the fact that she was using him.

"You'd be surprised what Becky does..." Katie continued, it wasn't fair that she had to burst his illusion, but it was for his own good. "Did you know she's not even a virgin, she's been on the pill for almost a year."

"No, she told me that she was saving herself. That's why we couldn't do it" Michael said in Becky's defense.

"Oh she told you that..." Katie replied. "And where did she say she was going tonight?"

"Becky said she was going to spend the night in Bakerville with her cousin Suzie." Mike said, wavering in his answer. "Helping her get ready for her prom."

Katie shook her head, thinking of a few more choice things she wanted to say to her daughter.

"Oh she went to Bakerville all right, but she went as Timmy Clancy's prom date."

"No..." Mike said "She wouldn't do that..." 

But deep down he knew that she would and did. Realization came over him and he began to cry.

"I'm sorry Michael," Katie said as she took him into her arms and held him. "Let it all out, its ok."

Katie held the boy as he cried, rocking him gently and brushing his hair. It was a hard thing to loose young illusions. After a few minutes of holding his head against her ample breasts, Katie realized that he had a hard-on.

As soon as Katie looked at the bulge in his shorts, Michael jumped back and began to quickly apologize.

"I'm sorry...I didn't mean to do anything..."

"That's ok, I know it was just a natural reaction..." Katie said in a soothing voice. "In fact if anything I should be complimented."

Looking again at the bulge, Katie wondered just how big it was if she could notice it though the too large shorts. 

"I guess I'd better get going..." Michael said.

"Nonsense, " Katie said. "Its still pouring out and your clothes are still in the dryer."

Michael looked around the kitchen, trying to look at anything but Mrs. Riley's huge breasts.

"Just out of curiosity...what did Becky promise you for doing the report?"

Michael shifted in his seat, the question didn't do anything to make him loose his hard-on. He still couldn't stop answering Katie's questions.

"She said she would rub my cock for me..." he answered, his face growing redder and his cock growing harder.

Katie glanced down again at his growing cock and smiled. "It's a shame you did all that work and then miss out on your reward."

Michael then almost passed out as Mrs. Riley reached out and slid her hand down the gym shorts and pulled out his hard cock.

"Impressive..." Katie said with a smile as she rubbed the length of the 7" cock. "Becky doesn't know a good thing when she has it."

All Mike could do was sigh as Mrs. Riley continued to stroke his dick. Standing him up, she reached down and cupped his balls, playing with them as well.

"Do you want me to stop?" She asked, knowing full well the boy would never say yes.

"No, it feels so good." 

Michael quickly lost himself in the pleasure Katie's finger's brought him. Her experienced touch was quickly evident as she brought him to the verge of orgasm. 

"I think I'm going to come..." He said as he closed his eyes.

A sudden warm wetness engulfed his cock, causing Michael's eyes to spring open. To his astonishment, Mrs. Riley had taken his cock into her mouth and was now sucking it with vigor. Michael felt the sensation of her sucking down to his toes. He was so close it hurt. Katie clamped her fingers around the base of his cock, preventing him from ejaculating. Every lick of her tongue, every time she mouth him whole, caused Michael to feel like he was going to explode. But it was such a wonderful feeling.

Finally, Katie released her hold on his ball sac and felt the rush of hot cum erupt from them - a second before it began to shoot into her mouth and throat. She deep throated his cock, catching every spurt of salty cum. Savoring both the taste and the knowledge that this was the first blow job he'd ever had.

After what seemed like an endless supply of juice, his cock began to soften and Katie let it slip from her mouth. She wiped her lips with her tongue, catching the few drops with had escaped her.

"Did you enjoy that?" She asked.

"I don't think enjoy is the word..." Michael panted. "I feel like I've had a religious experience."

"Well now you see what Becky was holding out on you." She said with a grin, certain that he would be getting over her cockteasing daughter real fast.

With that the buzzer of the dryer went off - signaling that his clothes were now dry. "I guess that's my cue to head home." he said disappointedly.

"Well it is still raining..." Katie said. "I really couldn't send you back out there to get soaked again. Let me call your mother and tell her you'll be here for a while."

As Katie talked on the phone with his mother, Mike took a good hard look at Mrs. Riley. He was no longer shy about admiring her tits or that big beautiful ass. He could already feel his dick getting hard again.

"Well, your mother said that it was ok for you to stay, your brother Billy will pick you up in about an hour on his way home from work."

"That's great."

"Well, what can we do for an hour? Katie asked as she struck a pose, highlighting her huge breasts.

For a second, Michael though they were going to pop out of her dress.

"Would you like to see my breasts, Michael?" Katie asked.

"Oh yes...please."

"Well...as long as you asked so politely." 

Katie reached her neck and unzipped her dress. Then with a flourish she let it drop to the floor, leaving her standing there in bra and panties. She reached up between her twin mounds and undid the clasp. Like a slingshot the bra burst open and her tits popped free. Almost twice the size of Becky's, Katie had nipples that stuck up like eraser heads and aureole bigger than silver dollars. Michael hadn't even seen breasts that big in the books he hid under his bed. 

"Well are you just going to look or do you want to touch them?" Katie said as she massaged them and played with the nipples.

Without further encouragement, Michael shot forward and took a breasts in each hand. He squeezed the softness of each, contrasted by the hardness of each nipple. Raising one to his mouth, he began to suck on it, another thing that Becky had always denied him. He was rough at first, but Katie guided him in a soft understanding voice, teaching him how to use his tongue. Then how to suck the aureole into his mouth and use his teeth to give just the right tough of pleasure/pain.

Moving to the other breast, Michael showed that he was indeed a quick learner. Katie arched back and closed her eyes in enjoyment as the teen continued to suckle at her tits. What she was doing was so very wrong, but at the moment she didn't care. She knew that before he left for home, Michael's cock would be buried in her already wet pussy.

"Come on, " Katie said as she took him by the hand. "Lets go into the bedroom."

Once there, she stripped him of what little clothes he had and stepped back to take a good look at his young body.

"I was right, Becky definitely doesn't know a good thing when she has it in her hand" She exclaimed as she reached out and ran her fingers across Michael's hairless chest. "So smooth...so sexy.." Katie mused as she played with his nipples.

Michael was surprised that felt so good, he'd never thought of men having sensitive nipples. "That feels nice..."

"That's only the start." Katie said as she bent forward and licked the nipple with her tongue.

Then she moved to the other nipple, sucking it just as she had taught him to do a little while before. She played with his nipples for a while, reaching down while she did and gave his young cock a playful tug. 

"I'll bet you're already to go again," she smiled. "good, I like that."

Katie moved up from his chest and reached behind his head, caressing it with her fingernails. Pulling him toward her, she kissed him for the first time. Gently at first, then harder. A second kiss followed, then a third. Finally she opened her mouth and slid her tongue into his.

Michael quickly reacted to the warm, slippery tongue in his mouth. It was the first time he had been kissed that way, but he instinctively began to reach out with his own tongue. Both tongue mixed as they licked each other, exploring the new tastes.

"Are you ready for more?" Katie asked after a final kiss.

"Oh yes, Mrs. Riley." 

"Then follow me." she said as she laid back across the bed and spread her legs. "What I'm going to teach you now is the most important thing a young man can learn about pleasing a woman."

Michael knew what she meant, and knelt in front of her with slight hesitation. He had never even seen a woman's pussy outside of a skin mag, much had his mouth this close to one. Still he'd never had his cocked sucked before and look how wonderful that had felt.

Katie reached down and parted her cunt lips with her fingers, allowing Michael easy access. He reached out with his tongue and touched her wetness. Surprisingly he found he liked the taste. So much for all those stories that it smelled like a dead fish.

Encouraged, he reached out again and drove his tongue in as deep as it would go, savoring the new found delicacy. Katie let out a soft moan, this boy was an absolute treasure. What would he be like with a little experience.

Michael then ran his tongue up and down the length of her cunt, stoking the fire building the fire within Katie. At times it was only a touch, only a caress, but it was enough to cause the older woman to shake with abandon.

There was no doubt about it, Michael was a natural born cunteater. Each thrust of his tongue made him want more. All he wanted to do was make love to his new teacher with his tongue. Guided by the now louder moans and sighs, Michael drove deeper and deeper, filling his mouth with the wet juices. What ever doubts he might have had were now gone, here he was, giving head to a 42 yr old woman -- and she was loving it.

"Oh yes..Mikey...eat me..." Katie yelled as she grabbed hold of his head and pushed his mouth deeper between he legs. "Eat my pussy...God...yes!"

A steady flow of cuntjuice now coated his tongue and mouth as he attacked Katie's womanhood once more. He wanted it to never end, so he was momentarily disappointed when Katie pulled him up from between her thighs.

"I want you inside me.." she said before he could say a word. "I want you to fuck me!"

Katie quickly took hold of his now rock hard cock and guided it to her dripping hole. Coated with pussyjuice it slid deep within her, as her cunt wrapped around it. For this he needed no instruction, he'd done in his dreams a thousand times. Yet never in his most erotic dream could he ever had fantasized that the first woman he would fuck would be his girlfriend's mother.

With youthful energy he repeatedly slammed his pelvis against hers, slapping his balls against the outer walls of her pussy. Cuntjuice ran down her thighs, coming to a rest in the crack of her ass. A little while ago, Michael thought having his cock sucked was the most wonderful feeling he could ever have...but this went far beyond that feeling.

Katie grabbed his asscheeks and added her own energy to his thrusts. They moved like a well lubricated machine, each responding to the other's body. With each movement, both could feel the eruption building inside.

Michael's body tensed up, telling Katie that he was about to cum. She took firm hold of his ass and rammed his body into her, just as the first hot spurts of cum filled her pussy. Her arms held him so tight he couldn't breath as her own body exploded, sending a fresh new wave of girlcum to mix with his. They continued to trash wildly forseveral more seconds, until Katie was sure she had pumped every last drop from his cock. Then they both laid silent and still.

After a minute or two, Katie eased him off her and onto his back. His cock was once again semi-soft, coated with a thick mix of both their juices. Bringing her mouth down to it, she began to lick it clean. 

As soon as she was done, Michael confidently pulled her up and kissed her. As his tongue side inside her mouth, he was greeted by the taste of his own cum, another new taste to enjoy. He didn't stop until he had licked her mouth as clean as his cock.

Katie held him tightly against her breasts. He had came here filled with uncertainly but would leave full of confidence.

"You'd better hop in the shower," she said as she released him. "You're brother will be here soon."

Michael leaned over and kissed her one last time and moved into the master bathroom. As she laid there and listened to the water run, Katie had to fight the impulse to join him. All that soap and water provide a great opportunity to introduce him to the pleasures of anal sex, but if she started that they would still be at it when the sun rose. Or more importantly when her family came home.

Ten minutes later, a honking horn told them his brother was outside. After calling out that he would be right there, she pulled him aside away from the open door and gave him one last warm kiss - along with a playful tug of his cock.

As he ran out and jumped into the car, Katie spotted the school report that had brought him here tonight. Carrying it to the trashcan, she ripped it to pieces. Becky would have a lot of writing to do when she got home tomorrow. And if she wanted Michael's help, Katie was sure it was going to cost her a lot more than the promise of a hand job.

Smiling with satisfaction, she sat back down in her easy chair and picked up the book she had laid down a few hours before. She read a paragraph, then closed the book and placed it back on the table.

"Eat your heart out, Rachel..." she said to herself.

END