 Author's note: Readers, if you're not familiar with my work, please read: "His Little Belly Dancer" under 'Erotic Couplings' before reading this one. I wasn't originally going to make a 2nd chapter, but prompting from a reader had me do so.

The night time sky was a velvet purple as the snow fell rapidly. Charcoal clouds were sparse in the sky. The night was still. Mike was laying asleep in bed surrounded by the comforter; his head resting on a fluffy pillow. The clock read a drowsy 2:17 AM. The gentle rise and fall of his back was rhythmic and shallow. He was comfortably warm under the covers.

Sienna gently touched his cheek. "Master," she whispered. Mike stirred without opening his eyes. He pulled the comforter tighter around himself. Sienna smirked. "Master," she whispered again, this time close to his ear, her lips brushing the outer curve. "Master, wake up."

Mike's smoky blue eyes fluttered open. His eyes adjusted to the dim light of his bedroom. He raised his head off the pillow as he noticed 2 lit candles on his nightstand. The flames glowed softly as they warmed the scented candles. Exotic patchouli scent filled his bedroom. Mike rubbed his eyes and rolled onto his back. Sienna smiled at him.

Mike rubbed his eyes again and took a deep breath. Opening his eyes fully, Sienna came into focus against the very dim shadows of his bedroom. Mike smiled as he reached for her hand. "Well," he said in a low voice, not wanting to disturb the softness of the night. "Hi there, new girlfriend."

Sienna squeezed his hand. "Hi there, new boyfriend. I'm sorry to wake you, but I figured you'd want to see something."

Mike's eyes shifted to the clock. He sat up in bed and rested his head against the headboard. Sienna's voice changed slightly, becoming more sensual. "I'm sorry to wake you, Master, but it's been some time since you've been pleased and pleasured. Please, allow me to do it for you," she said, getting into character.

It took Mike several moments to realize his sexual fantasy was about to come true. When he did, his eyes widened with delight. Sienna stood before him with a smile hidden behind a sheer royal purple veil. Her auburn hair was pulled back into a high pony tail. Her almond brown eyes were highlighted with lilac purple eyeshadow and smoky purple eyeliner. A hunter green bikini style top clung to her full, 38C breasts and tied behind her back. A 14 gauge barbell with a cubic zirconia pierced her bellybutton. Sienna also wore sheer hunter green harem style pants that hung on her size 16 curvy hips. The sheer material revealed creamy, silky skin on her supple legs. A lacy black thong that tied at the sides with satin ribbon rested, teasingly, on her hips just waiting to be untied.

Her bare feet were a bit chilly standing on the wooden floor. Her toe nails and finger nails were panted in a French manicure. A sterling silver anklet hung perfectly around her left ankle. The chill in the air gave her slight chill bumps. Mike smiled as his glance moved over her from head to toes. He could barely speak.

Sienna stepped out of character for a moment. "Mike, is everything okay?" she asked, concerned with the silence. Mike gave a muffled laugh. Before he could answer, Sienna looked dejected at the floor. "I look stupid, don't I? I knew I looked nothing like your fantasy. Oh God, I'm so embarrassed."

Mike crawled across the bed and pulled her close to him. He felt the slight chill since he was only wearing blue flannel boxers that buttoned at the fly. Chill bumps appeared on his skin as well. "Sienna," he whispered, "YOU ARE my belly dancer in the fantasy, remember? Everything is perfect. I'm just -- surprised! This is a great way to be woken up ... even if it's almost two-thirty in the morning. No, you don't look stupid. You look sexy." He took her hand and brought it to his forming erection.

Sienna smiled. His encouraging brought her back to her belly dancer character. "Well, Master. Please sit back against the headboard so I can pleasure you," she whispered. Mike sat back as he was instructed. He rubbed the last of the sleep out of his eyes.


He was treated to a sensual dance of gyrations of Sienna's lovely hips. Mike's smoky blue eyes followed her curves as she twirled around the bedroom. Several of her dance moves made her 38C breasts round out nicely, or bending over so Mike could have a great view of her curvy ass. Her hips continued to swirl around in a hypnotizing fashion, the hunter green harem pants flowing around her legs. Her sensual dance continued for several minutes. She gracefully spun towards the bed. She crawled onto the foot of the bed and came to her knees.

Sienna locked eyes with Mike as she teasingly ran her hands over her breasts, tummy, and over her thighs. Mike smiled and groaned as he gripped the comforter. Sienna grinned. "Was that pleasing, Master?"

Mike nodded his head. Sienna crawled, cat like and sexy, up the bed to him. He flattened his legs out allowing her to straddle his hips. Before she did, she pulled the covers back revealing a full erection pressing against the flannel boxers.

"Mike?" she asked, out of character, "I know we're fairly new to dating each other, but I'm really turned on right now. Umm ... have you given any thought to having sex?"

Mike caressed her face. "I didn't want to scare you by bringing it up, but I'd love to if you think we're ready." He reached over to his nightstand and opened the drawer. Mike pulled out a foil wrapped condom.

Before he could make another move, he felt the buttons on his boxers being undone. Sienna smiled, back in her belly dancer character. "Oh, Master. You seem to be very aroused right now. Please, let me suck on your hard cock." Mike bit his bottom lip as Sienna tossed her sheer, royal purple veil towards him. She winked at him and then laid flat on her stomach. Mike reached forward and untied her hunter green bikini top. Sienna raised her chest, allowing him to pull the top off.

Her nipples stiffened with arousal. Mike caressed her full breasts for the first time. He loved the feel. Sienna lay back down. She wrapped her mouth around Mike's thick cock. The thought of them having sex for the first time in their relationship turned her on so much. She began to suck, gently at first, her pony tail draped over her shoulder. Mike sighed as the erotic feel washed over him like a tidal wave. Slowly, Sienna began to slide more of his erection into her mouth. As she sucked him harder, she traced her fingers lightly around his balls. Another gasp escaped Mike's lips. "Oh ... God ...yes." Her mouth was warm and wet.

Sienna released her mouth from his erection. "Master," she said, "your seven inches is very pleasing to me." She began to stroke his throbbing cock. Mike stopped her only long enough to slide his flannel boxers off. Tossing them to the floor, he ran his fingers through her auburn pony tail. Sienna encouraged him, this time turning a bit naughty. "Oh, Master. Your cock is so thick."

"You like sucking it, don't you, Sienna?"

"Oh God, Master ... yes! I enjoy sucking your thick cock," she groaned. Getting a little adventurous, she deep-throated his throbbing cock. However, she accidentally hit her gag reflex.

Mike jumped at the gagging sound. "Sienna!" he cried, concerned, as he pulled her face to his. Trying to ease her slight embarrassment, he held her close. "I don't know whether to apologize or say thank you," he smiled.

Sienna cracked half a smile. "Master, I'm so very sorry to ruin the mood."

Mike shook his head and kissed her. He trailed it to her full breasts and sucked on her nipples. Sienna gasped in pleasure at how warm his mouth and tongue were. "You certainly didn't ruin the mood, Sienna."

"I would hate to displease you in any way, Master. Is there something else I can please you with?" she asked. Mike nodded. "Well," she began, "what is your wish of me?" Mike slipped his fingers between her skin and the waistband of her costume pants. He tugged at them and began to slide them off her legs.

Now free of them, Sienna straddled his lap. Mike released the stain ties on her black, lacy thong. Her bottom lip quivered slightly as she tossed it aside. She closed her eyes and inhaled the patchouli scent. Mike asked, "Sienna, is everything okay?" She nodded, her eyes showing a bit of doubt. "Are you as nervous as I am?" Mike smiled. She returned his smile and nodded. "We certainly don't have to do this."

Sienna shook her head. "Oh no, Master! I want to! I have wanted to for quite some time. I thought because of me being twenty-two and you being thirty this would never happen. Yes, Master. I would love to please you by having sex with you."

Mike smiled as he tried to unwrap the foil wrapper of the condom. She noticed his hands were trembling, not allowing him to get a good grip on it. "Okay, this is a little embarrassing. I can't even get the thing open," he laughed slightly.

Remembering this part of his fantasy, Sienna took the condom from him. She smiled as her hands were only slightly more steady than his. However, she was able to open it. She brought her warm hand down to his thick erection. She wrapped her hand around it and slowly began to stroke it up and down. Mike relaxed against the headboard with his eyes closed and a smile. Enjoying his pleasure, he slid his hand between her thighs. Sienna tilted her hips forward allowing his fingers to rub her soaking wet clit.

Taking her hand away, she gently unrolled the condom. Mike let out a groan as she did so. "Master? Have I gotten you ready?" she whispered, controlling her approaching orgasm. Mike nodded. "Please, Master. If I may request, go slow as you're rather ... well endowed." She thought Mike may have been blushing at that last comment.

"Wait," Mike stopped, "before we do, is it okay if I pleasure you orally?"

Sienna gave him a confused look. "But Master, I thought I was to please YOU tonight."

Mike caressed her face. "Pleasuring you will certainly pleasure me, my little belly dancer," he said in a low voice. Sienna grinned as she arched backwards gracefully, giving her "master" a beautiful view of her breasts. She lay on her back, her shadow dancing against Mike's bedroom wall.

Mike placed a pillow behind her head and one under her naked hips, raising them up a little. Sienna gasped in bliss as she felt his tongue begin to trace circles around her clit. His warm tongue felt like satin. He slowly traced the underside of her pussy. Mike was pleasantly surprised to see she shaved the underside of it. Slowly, he slid his middle finger deep inside her dripping wet pussy. She encouraged him to keep going by gently placing her hand on the back of his head. She enjoyed the feel of his brush cut hair.

"Master, this is most enjoyable," Sienna panted. Mike gently hooked his finger in a "come here" motion, hitting her G-spot perfectly. She groaned and arched her hips almost off the pillow. Mike slid his finger up to her clit and rubbed it in an up and down motion.

Sienna's bottom lip quivered as she felt an approaching orgasm well up in her stomach. Mike said, "Little belly dancer, I can see you're close to coming. I'd like to taste you when you do." Sienna smiled and nodded. She gently guided his head back between her legs. Mike now ran his tongue around her clit and slid his finger back inside her sopping wet pussy. Sienna gripped the comforter in a mind numbing orgasm. The pillow under her hips intensified the feeling. As she came, Mike ran his tongue from her clit to the opening of her pussy and tasted her sweet juices. Her entire body shook with bliss. She accidentally raked her nails over Mike's shoulders, leaving red marks. He groaned, a bit turned on by the feel.

His tongue lapped around Sienna's pussy, enjoying the taste of her first orgasm of their relationship. Wiping his chin and lips, he crawled up to Sienna, his cock now throbbing, aching to release.

Slowly, he kissed her. Sienna gasped in bliss as she felt the head of his thick erection slide into her. At her earlier request, Mike went slow. He let her get used to that feel before entering her fully. He was pleasantly surprised to feel Sienna rocking her hips forward, taking him inside her tight pussy. He was buried in her up to his groin.

Just being inside her made him want to come. Sienna seemed to glow in the candle light. His excitement couldn't be contained. He began to thrust into her at a rapid pace. Her tight pussy ached, in a good way, for his seven inch cock. Mike gently rolled her stiffened nipples between his fingers as he thrust. He ran his hands over her outer curves, feeling how silky her skin was.

Every time their groins met, a wet spot appeared on Mike's groin. Sienna's pussy was moist with sexual desire. "Oh Mike!" she screamed. She never felt passion like this. His thrusts almost moved them down the Queen size bed. Sienna squirmed with delight and gave a few mews. Mike smiled down at her.

"Sienna, roll over," he said, breathlessly. She obeyed and got on her hands and knees, knowing what was coming next: her favorite position! A satisfied moan escaped her lips as Mike's thick cock entered her pussy from behind, fully. He wrapped his hands around her curvy hips and pounded into her.

The bliss was overwhelming for them both. Sienna slyly slipped her hand between her thighs. She rubbed her clit as Mike pounded into her. Her masturbating added to his excitement. He tried to control his approaching orgasm, but with no luck.

His inner muscles tightened as he felt a pleasurable release. Sienna screamed his name in bliss as she felt the tip of the condom swell slightly. Mike pounded his way through their orgasms. Sienna's inner muscles milked his cock perfectly.

Mike slowly pulled out of her, careful not to spill the contents of the condom. Sienna crawled back up to the head of the bed and collapsed. A smile spread across her face. Her skin seemed to glow. A few strands of her auburn hair fell across her eyes.

After disposing of the condom, Mike pulled the comforter around them. The new couple clung to each other, each coming down from their sexual highs. Mike placed a kiss on her forehead. Sienna rested her head on his chest, feeling the slight hair on it tickling her face slightly.

"Mike, that was amazing," she whispered. He brushed her hair away from her eyes. "Was it as good as your fantasy?"

Mike sighed, "No."

Sienna jumped slightly, taken aback by his answer.

"It was better than any fantasy I could ever have," he smirked. "Sienna, that was the best sex for me." She sighed in relief and lightly tapped his cheek. He kissed her again.

"You're very welcome ... Master," she grinned as he held her tighter. The exotic patchouli scented candles dimmed as the wicks burned up, enveloping his bedroom in darkness.

Mike nudged her. "So, my dear, do YOU have a fantasy?"

Sienna raised and eyebrow and smiled. "You bet I do ..."

THE END