 I drive slowly, as my lover sleeps, following this forgotten path snaking through the large grassy field. It's a hot sun-drenched windless day and the tree tops and grasses are stilled. My trusty Jeep rides the grassy knolls so smoothly as I head toward the forest to find a remote, private place for us. 

It's been a long time, way too long, since I spent a naked afternoon, outside with him, with his hot heavy breath on my skin. I find a perfect spot, parking near the edge of the forest, the humidity rushing my face as I open the door. I stand looking over the field, close my eyes, hold my breath. Yes, there's a faint breeze, from the south sky, laced with sweet acrid field grass and damp forest musks. 

The midday sun is intense. I pick a grassy spot for us in the shade of a large oak tree, moving the fallen branches out of the way to unroll my mat, the soft woven one I keep special for our altar of pleasure. I sit facing the south sky ... my lover, he's asleep, again. I whisper his name, hoping to stir him, to bid him to come to me, to bring his breath upon me. I close my eyes, waiting, listening and the leaves begin stirring ... he's drawing nearer. The leaves are fluttering ... he's coming upon me. The leaves are rustling and I kick off my sandals, freeing my toes to dance in delight of his presence.

I unbutton my shirt, yanking it open, exposing, releasing my breast to him, unleashing the rapture of freedom within me. He grazes so sweetly up my soft supple front, his face whisking my belly, the tip of his tongue up the cleft of my chest, his breath tickling my face and prickling the hairs behind my ears. He returns to my chest to grace me again, his breath now deeper and heavier. The warmth of his lips clings to the tenderness of my breasts, my areola dimple and pucker in the sweet haze of his breath, my nipples perk yearning to be taken. 

A warm whooshy wave comes forth from deep within leaving my skin tight and tingling and my bottom blood-rushed anxious. It's passing stirs my mysterious lover, his breath now a slow pant that leaves the leaves fluttering with his excitement. 

I pull off my shirt and lay back, planting my feet on the grass, arching my back, lofting my hips, grasping the tops of my shorts and panties to pull them off in one swoop. But before I can get my shorts past my knees, my lover the rascal greets my bared bottom, lapping playfully as I giggle and squirm in my vulnerability, struggling to shimmy out of my shorts, until I finally manage to flick my panties off the ends of my toes.

I lay back, smiling, closing my eyes once again, but this time with my all bared to him ... my arms flung back, hands palms up, feet planted with my toes gripping the grass, my legs bent and spread wide. I am shameless in my invitation for him to luxuriate over me, to lap with joy, desiring the curiosity of his breath over all of me, wanting him to leave no inch untouched. 

He stirs over my flesh, caressing me, leaving my skin tugged with goose-bumps as he whooshes with abandon up my body, from my curling toes, up my legs, licking behind my knees, grazing on my loins, caressing my belly, stroking my breasts, kissing at my underarms, time and time again. His hot frisky breath slips in deep into the crevice of my bottom, glancing up my most private folds, ascending to my mound as he frolics through my thick-haired forest searching for my dark damp ravine. 

I spread my legs wider parting my vulva, exposing, presenting my gaping pussy to serve his curiosity and invite the pleasure of his hot lapping tongue. He responds in earnest, licking at the delicate mouth of my gaping vagina, a breath of his stirred curiosity whirls into the depth of my cavern. He laps with abandon exploring the delicate valley between my lips, slips up my silky crests, and laps generously to the delight of my clit. I detect the telltale essences of my arousal on his hot heavy breath. The trees nod and shiver as the indelible news of my presence is carried into forest, proclaiming the presence of woman, naked and aroused.

I join him, my fingers laying claim to my engorged clit and the mouth of my whetting vagina, finding them warm and silky from his careful attention. This excites him greatly, his breath now a hot fast pant, and the leaves shudder madly as he releases his wonton spirit upon me in a phantasm of pleasuring. He strokes me, laps at me, he caresses me longingly, teasing me, tending me, unabated, in glee, in his passion, everywhere, up the bottoms of my feet, dancing through my toes, skating up across my flinching body up to his kiss on my nose. 

His pleasure is sustained at every nook, mound, crease, and summit upon the tantalizing and tantalized woman stretched before him. In his attentiveness and desire, he even joins alongside my fingers, lapping at my labia as I rub my clit into a hot hard swollen mass, his hot breath flowing into my vagina as I saw at it with my slickened fingers. 

In a timeless experience of cresting pleasure, he carries me to my threshold, delivering me to a dizzying apex as the trees flex and roar with the excitement of his heaving breath. My clit throbs, begging for mercy, begging for the release I can no longer contain. My orgasm unleashed, pulses flooding over me, sustained in wave after wave of release, torquing my body, leaving my face gripped. My cry, the scream of primal woman released, passes through my gaped mouth to join his awe-struck howl, filling the sky, echoing through the forest as my body vibrates with pleasure.

He falls upon me, his warm breath upon the sweaty bosom of my sweet-spent body. The trees grow silent, peace settles upon us, resting, cradled by earth, under the hushed oak tree as I fall blissfully into sleep with my lover, my south sky breeze.