 Sienna was curled up on the couch, lounging in her pajamas. Light blue satin shorts showed off her curvy ass as a cream colored spaghetti strapped tank top clung to her full, rounded, 38C breasts. Her auburn hair was pulled back into a messy bun. Her light almond brown eyes were slightly drowsy with sleep, even though it was 4:30 in the afternoon.

Suddenly, she heard the back door slam. She jumped as she saw Mike's back pack come sailing through the air and hit the hallway floor with a thud. She heard Mike holler, "Fuckers! Those sons of bitches!"

Slowly, Sienna poked her head around the corner. She saw Mike leaning over the table, his head hanging. Sienna touched his hand, gently. Mike raised his smoky blue eyes to meet hers. He sighed as he curled his hand around hers. She placed a tender kiss on his cheek. "Bad day?" she asked.

Mike sighed and was obviously upset. "I hate the people I work with. They tease me about our relationship relentlessly. Yeah, they're favorite thing to mention is that when I'll be forty years old, you'll be thirty-two. They love to mentioned that eight year age difference."

There was a long pause before Sienna spoke. "So, you let them run your relationships?"

Mike sighed, "I wish just one person would be happy that I was with you."

Sienna was quite taken aback by his comment. Her light almond brown eyes began to well up with tears. Without saying a word, she turned and ran up the stairs, leaving Mike with a confused look on his face. "Sienna!" he called.

Racing up the stairs, he cleared them two at a time. He came into his bedroom to find her throwing her clothes, haphazardly, into one of her duffel bags with tears streaming down her face. Mike stopped her and asked, "What on earth is all this about?"

Sienna could barely speak as she choked back tears. She managed to ration, "You wish one person would be happy? I thought that YOU would be happy! Don't you count as one person? You let them run your relationships, Mike! Why do you need other people's approval to be with me?"

She managed to yank her bag away from him. Sienna slipped jeans over her light blue satin shorts. Slinging the bag over her shoulder, she pushed past Mike down the stairs.

Mike practically jumped down the flights of stairs after her. Sienna made it to his back porch before Mike could get to her. Grabbing her by the wrist without causing any pain to her, he stopped her in her tracks. "Sienna, please don't do this! Please don't leave," he begged, his voice quivering. She couldn't even look at him. Mike explained, "Sienna, they're idiots. They have no idea how happy I am with you. Most of the guys are miserable in their own relationships so they think no one else can be happy. I want to be with you, Sienna. You make me so happy. I feel alive with you. Well, what do you expect when I, a thirty-two year old date a twenty-three year old?" He cracked a slight smile.

Sienna sighed slightly. Mike continued, "Yes, baby, you're young. We talked about that; but you act so much older and mature than twenty-three. I like that we can have an intelligent, civil debate about -- say -- the death penalty, and then go and watch cartoons -- and laugh! I really like that about you. Sienna, please, come back in the house."

"Why?" she asked quietly.

"Because I ..." Mike stopped himself before he said it. The pause was awkward, but he recovered, "because I asked you to."

Sensing there was more to it than he was letting on, she allowed surrender to take hold and followed him back into his house.

She dropped her bag to the kitchen floor and practically collapsed into Mike's arms. He hugged her close to his chest. His heart fluttered, in a bad way, at the thought of almost losing her. A tear ran down his cheek as he sniffed back a sob. Mike tenderly cuddled her head to his broad chest, and ran his fingers through her auburn hair. Sienna rested her hands on his chest and inhaled the sporty scent of his cologne. "I guess I was hoping that my feelings for you would be enough of a validation."

Mike clenched his jaw and tried not to cry. He realized how much he had hurt her by letting the men at work get under his skin. He gripped her tighter. "Sienna, it does. Please believe me. Your feelings mean more than those guys ever will. Sienna I ..." Mike stopped and swallowed a lump in his throat as he looked into her misty almond brown eyes. "Sienna, I ... I ... L L L lost my wallet. Umm ... have you seen it?" Mike asked as he stepped away from her and rummaged through the "stuff" basket on his kitchen table.

Sienna could see her confused look in the kitchen window. She turned and stared at him. "What?" she asked, confused, not really expecting an answer.

"Maybe I left it upstairs," he said quietly as he made his way back up to his bedroom. As he turned, Sienna saw the outline of his wallet in the back pocket of his black dress pants. She crossed her arms over her chest in shock.

She bounded up the stairs after him and rounded the corner into his room. "You have some explaining to do, Michael Aidan O'Connor," she demanded. All three names got his attention! "You've been acting strange lately. I've noticed you leave the room to talk on the phone. We haven't gone to any movies lately. You insist on bringing your lunch to work instead of meeting me like usual. When Katrina and I were at the mall last week, we saw you in the jewelry store with another woman."

Mike swallowed a lump in his throat. He could hear his own heart beat pounding like a bass drum.

Sienna braced herself for her twenty-three year old heart to be shattered into a million pieces like safety glass. "Mike, if there's something you need to tell me now's the time to do it."

The silence in his bedroom was almost deafening. Breathing seemed as loud as crashing cymbals. Mike placed his hands on his hips and said, "I packed your bag." Sienna kept her composure. A thousand things raced through her mind: the first time they met; their first date; the night he confessed his fantasy about her being a belly dancer for him [His Little Belly Dancer]; the night she made that fantasy come true for him [His Little Belly Dancer Ch 2]; that same night having sex with him for the first time in their relationship.

In silence, they climbed into his pick up truck. Sienna stared out the passenger window, unable to look at him. She fought back tears as they rode in silence. Soon, country music replaced the hum of the tires. Mike could never ride in silence for too long. She "zoned out" as she blankly stared out the window.

After what correctly seemed like an hour, Sienna became confused. She looked around, not able to tell where they were. Winding dirt roads and identical rocks and pine trees began to confuse her even more. Suddenly, his truck slowed to a stop, and she looked intently out the windshield and saw a picture perfect log cabin with smoke puffing lightly out the chimney.

It was surrounded by tall, majestic pine trees and a wrap around deck. A wide, gentle rolling creek was winding behind the cabin, creating a soothing sound. The sun had begun to set in a fiery ball of orange, throwing pink and lavender shades into the cloudless sky. Sienna's mouth hung slightly open as she turned her mystified gaze towards Mike. He was looking down at his lap as he fidgeted with his truck keys.

He drew a breath and admitted, "The reason I would leave the room to talk on the phone was because I didn't want you to hear me planning this. My best friend owns this cabin. If you heard me, it would ruin the surprise."

Sienna looked down at own lap in shame. Mike reached in the back seat of his truck. She glanced up as he said, "The reason we haven't gone to the movies or met for lunch is because I wanted to be able to afford this for you." He presented her with a long, slender black velvet box. Sienna bit her bottom lip as she opened it.

She gasped, "Oh my!" with a shaking voice. Laying perfectly against the white satin of the inside was a 16 inch white gold box-cut chain. Hanging from it was a 1/2 carat, princess cut natural tanzanite, gleaming with a soft lavender color. "This is a tanzanite," she squeaked, shameful tears flowing. Mike nodded.

"Your favorite stone."

Sienna snapped the box shut and moved across the truck seat to hug him. She practically broke down. "Mike, I am so sorry for what I almost accused you of!" she sobbed.

He said, calmly, "The lady that was with me was Marry Ann from work. Her father owns the jewelry store."

"Will you forgive me for being a stupid, jealous girl?"

Mike smiled slightly, "If you'll forgive me for making you think I was sneaking around on you." He wiped a tear from her cheek as she nodded.

As they exited the truck, Sienna clutched the box. Mike led her by the hand down to the gentle creek. Carefully, he placed the tanzanite necklace around her neck. It was perfect against her supple, slightly pale skin. Mike took her hand as their foreheads met. Granted, Sienna had to stand way up on her tip-toes for that, but she made it happen. As stars began to glitter the sky, Mike looked into her almond brown eyes and finally said, "Sienna, I ... I love you."

Her eyes widened. "THAT'S what you've been trying to say?" She smiled as she squeezed his hands. "So, I guess you didn't really 'L L L lose your wallet', huh?" Mike shook his head with a smile as he kissed her.

With very little warning, Sienna jumped into his arms, wrapping her legs as best she could around his waist. "Eeeep!" she squealed. "Grab tight! I'm slipping!"

Mike laced his fingers underneath her curvy, supple, ass. He grinned, "Yeah, I know. It's because I'm fat."

"Stop that!" Sienna demanded as he carried her to the cabin. "You are not fat!" She nuzzled his nose and said, "I love you, too, Mike."

Her heart pounded with excitement as the inviting smell of cinnamon and fire filled her senses. Mike set her down in the living room area in front of the fireplace, for the evening had turned a bit chilly.  After a quick visit to the bathroom, she pulled off her shoes and socks and enjoyed the feel of the faux bear skin run. A naughty thought ran through her mind.

She glanced over her shoulder to watch Mike slipping off his boots. Sienna turned back to the fireplace and quietly slipped out of her jeans, shorts, and tank top. There, she lay on the faux skin rug in a pair of panties and a bra.

Although brief in style, her panties were quite cute: light pink in color and bikini straps rested against her curvy size 16 waist. The pattern sported small gingham checks. her bra matched the pattern and had a plunging center, causing her 38C breasts to round out at the top. Quietly, she law back on the rug. The faux fur felt so smooth against her supple skin.

She was in the middle of a stretch when Mike came over. He stopped, smiled, and checked his girlfriend out from head to to, lingering his gaze at her breasts. Sienna grinned up at him as she patted the rug. "Care to join me, Mr. O'Connor?" she asked with a vixen smile.

Mike ran his tongue over his bottom lip and said, "Damn right."

Slowly, she leaned in to kiss him. As their lips met, he pulled her close. Sienna unbuttoned his shirt and slipped it off his shoulders. She tossed it up on the couch. Mike slid his tongue into her mouth and explored. She pulled off his under t-shirt and ran her fingers through the slight hair on his chest. Mike shuddered and smile.

Gently, he glided his hands down her back and released her bra. Her now free breasts felt warm and silky against his bare chest. Their kiss continued, but became more passionate. Sienna could feel herself getting wet with sexual desire. Already, there was a damp spot on her panties.

Her fingers quickly released the button on Mike's dress pants and slid his zipper down. She couldn't get them off fast enough! Mike kicked them off along with his boxers while Sienna ran the tip of her tongue along the outer curve of his ear. Mike sighed blissfully at the feel. A smile appeared at the corners of his mouth. He leaned back against Sienna's naked chest as she continued to tease his ear.

She smiled as she whispered, "Oh, Mike. You've got my little pussy so wet." Naughty talk in a whisper this close to his ear was one of his favorites. "Mike, I want to feel your hard cock sliding in and out of my tight cunt." He groaned and smiled at the sound of that. "I want to sit you up against the couch and ride your cock." Sienna guided his hand to his forming erection.

Mike wrapped his hand around his cock, and Sienna curled her hand on top of his. She loved to watch him masturbate. "Does that feel good?" she asked. Mike nodded as he kissed under her chin. He rested his head back against her beautiful, big breasts. Sienna smiled, "It looks great, baby. I really want to feel all seven on these inches inside me."

Without saying a word, Mike gently pushed her back and cushioned her head as the fell back onto the silky, faux fur rug. He slid her panties off and traced her inner thigh. Sienna groaned as his finger traced closer to her pussy lips. His fingers finally found their way and he gently inserted one of them into her. She groaned in pleasure and rocked her hips against his hand. He slowly began thrusting into her with his index finger, slightly stretching her out. He then added to her pleasure and inserted his middle finger as well. She cried out his name as she ran her fingers over his brush cut, light brown hair. Her pussy was very warm, wet, and inviting; perfect for his throbbing cock. Mike traced her nipple with his tongue, teasing it to a stiffened peak. Sienna gently pushed her breasts to his face. He grinned as this was his favorite mini fantasy.

Her breasts, which he now caressed with both hands, felt so soft and supple against his face as he kissed between them. Mike ran his tongue from her perfectly formed cleavage up to her neck. A sigh escaped Sienna's lips, which warmed his ear. 

Wrapping her arms around the back of his neck, she pulled him close and his ear even closer. "Oh, Mike," she sighed with seduction and lust in her voice. "I want you so much. I need to feel your seven inch cock pounding into me. You've got my pussy dripping wet." She guided his hand between her legs. Mike groaned with pleasure as his hand was practically covered in her sweet juices. "I want you to pound into me as hard as you want, Mike ... because I'm your naughty girl and need to be punished."

Mike couldn't help himself and gave in. "Oh, you're right, you'll be punished. I think someone's going to be spanked," he smiled.

Sienna's eyes twinkled. "Really? Is that a promise?"

Mike nodded as he sat back against the front of the couch. Sienna ran her hand over his stiff cock. Mike moaned slightly at the feel. Wanting him so much, she knelt next to him. She gently wrapped her warm mouth around his cock. Mike leaned his head back and groaned appreciatively as he ran his fingers through her auburn hair.

He encouraged, breathlessly, "You're such a good girl, baby. Oh, yes, that feels good. Wow, you such my cock so well ... good girl, Sienna ... oh, fuck, yes!" Mike's chest rose and fell rapidly as Sienna teased his cock. She sucked on the head of it and wrapped her delicate fingers around his shaft. She began to stroke his cock in an up and down motion quickly. Mike bit his bottom lip as he caressed her curvy ass. Smiling, he spanked her ass sharply, but not enough to cause pain -- just a sexy tingle.

"Oohh!" Sienna grinned. "That felt so good! Why don't you spank your naughty girl again?" She continued to suck on his cock, caressing and gently kneading his balls.

Mike could feel the muscles in his lower stomach tighten and then flutter. He fought to control his impending orgasm. Sienna began to taste a slight salty drop of pre-cum. She snaked her tongue around the head of his cock and then dragged her tongue down his velvet-feeling shaft to his balls. Gently, she sucked on them as she jerked him off. 

Mike began breathing rapidly. He gave her curvy ass a few more playful spanks. Sienna's slight groans began to mix with his. She released his rock hard cock from her warm, inviting mouth. Sienna straddled his lap and guided his cock into her sopping wet pussy. Slowly, and enjoying the feel, she allowed his erection to fill her inch by inch until all seven inches were inside her. Her sensitive clit was easily rubbing against the base of his cock.

Sienna rocked her hips back and forth. Mike wrapped his hands around her ass and pounded into her. Their groans were loud and uninhibited. The harder he pounded up into her, the more her beautiful, supple breasts bounced. Mike smiled at this.

"Wow, your breasts look so great when they do that," he said, his smoky blue eyes frosted in ecstasy. "Oh, God, Sienna, yes! Bounce on my cock ... oh yes!"

"You like getting fucked, Mike?"

"Oh yes. You fuck me so well, baby. Yeah, fuck daddy hard."

Sienna groaned, "I'll fuck daddy nice and hard ... Oh, God, yes! Yes! Mike, fuck my cunt! God yes!" She leaned forward slightly and gripped the couch cushions. Her nipples rubbed against the slight hair on his chest. The feeling was exhilarating for them both. Mike moved his hands back around to her ass and spread her cheeks apart. This allowed him to thrust his cock just a bit more into her.

Sienna pushed off the couch and slid her hand down his chest to where they were joined. She began to rub her clit in fast circular motions. Sienna tipped her head back and groaned his name loudly. She could feel the muscles in her lower stomach begin to twitch. "Mike, this feels so good with your cock inside me. You're going to make me cum!" Her voice quivered as she felt her orgasm flood her, and her muscles squeeze his cock.

Mike grunted with each thrust into her. She could feel his cock swell and then felt him release warm ropes of cum into her tight pussy. He groaned her name out in a low satisfied tone. He continued to pump into her until he spent his load.

It took quite a few moments for his breathing to return to normal. He opened his smoky blue eyes to see Sienna leaning against his shoulder, panting. She cuddled up to him as she lifted herself off his cock.

Mike, still in a daze of sexual ecstasy, asked, "Are you ready to accept the fact that you may be pregnant?"

Sienna kissed the tip of his nose. "I'm on birth control pills, remember? AND when I was in the bathroom, I put in some spermicide foam. We're okay," she explained.

"You just killed my little guys. How could you?" Mike smiled and asked sarcastically. Sienna lightly tapped his cheek. "Well," he said as he cuddled her to his chest, "I was just concerned. Personally, I think you'd make a great mommy."

Sienna's eyes widened a bit at his statement. Mike smiled and kissed her sweetly on the forehead. Sienna wasn't sure what to say, but smiled at him.

She commented, "Well, how long do we have your friend's cabin for?"

"I figured four days, three nights."

"Maybe we can do a lot of talking then," she said as she kissed his lips and caressed his face.

Mike carried her to the master bedroom and gently placed her to the bed. Sienna shouted, "Weeeee!" as she realized it was a water bed. Mike crawled next to her, causing waves. The sheets were t-shirt material, but warm and soft to their naked bodies. They met in the middle of the King size bed.

Mike grinned, "I wasn't expecting that round of sex, but damn! It was good! Still, Sienna, you should see what I have planned for us tomorrow."

Sienna grinned and asked in a little girl voice, "Can I have a hint?"

Mike smiled, " Nope."

(to be continued ... !)

THE END (..... for now)