 Sienna and Mike sat close together on the couch. A glowing fire kept them warm. They had been close friends for a few years. Mike thought and felt he could be himself around her; no judgments were passed. They could tell each other anything, despite their 8 years age difference. Sienna was 22; Mike was 30. He felt she was very mature for her age.

"Would you like another glass of wine?" Sienna asked as she held up the bottle of chocolate cherry wine. Mike smiled his beautiful smile and held the glass up. His house smelled of pumpkin spice and cinnamon as the scented candles glowed softly. As she was pouring, she smiled. "We've been friends for a while, but I'd like to know what makes you tick, Mike."

Mikey's smokey blue eyes sparkled against the fire light. He took a sip of wine and asked, "Well, Sienna. What would you like to know?"

She shrugged. "I'm not sure. Sometimes you're so shy and mysterious. I think I'd like to know something deep about you." She slouched back comfortably in the crook of his arm.

Mike smiles even more and let out a small laugh. "Like what?" he asked. "A dark secret? A bad habit? If I've ever killed anyone and hid the body?"

Sienna laughed and rolled her eyes. She pulled him down to the blankets on the floor in front of the fire. She lay on her back, and Mike on his stomach so he could look down at her face and into her almond brown eyes. He gently brushed a stray strand of hair out of her face and behind her ear. Her voice softened. "How about a sexual fantasy?"

Another smile from Mike; this time, it seemed a little shy. "It's stupid, though. You'll laugh at me."

Sienna lightly traced his face. "No ones fantasies are stupid, Mike. They reveal your inner most wants. Fantasies are personal to you. I would never laugh at your fantasy." Mike lowered his head so she could place a gentle, reassuring kiss on his cheek, feeling his day old scruffies. "Wait!" she suddenly said. "Can I try and guess?"

Mike nodded. "Sure ... but I doubt you'll ever get it."

Sienna grinned and began to try and confirm his deepest fantasy. "Ummmm ... two college girls?" Mike shook his head as he stared down into her eyes. Sienna guessed again. "A woman in uniform?" Another slow shake of his head from Mike. Another guess from Sienna: "A dominatrix?" A laugh from Mike escaped his kissable lips.

"Nope."

"A naughty nurse?"

"Nope."

"A stripper?"

"Negative."

Sienna thought for a moment. "Jeeze, Mike! I'm out of guesses!" He traced her face with a smile. She begged, "Please will you tell me?" Mike hesitated at first as he played with a few strands of her hair. "I promise I won't laugh," she encouraged as she lightly rested her hand on his. Mike drew a breath in.

"A belly dancer," he finally admitted.

Sienna's eyes widened and she smiled. "Really?" she asked. "That sounds very exotic! Tell me about it, Mike."

He grinned as he took another sip of the chocolate cherry wine. Mike began to tell his fantasy:

"Well, she's kind of a little thing - 5 feet 4 inches maybe. She has long, reddish brown hair ... little curls at the end. Her hair is up in a high ponytail. Her eyes are a light brown. Her waist? Maybe a size 16. I'm not partial to these skinny, 'bag of bones' women. My belly dancer has fair skin, painted nails, and a gold belly chain. She has little jingles strung together for anklets.

"She has on sheer, hunter green harem style pants that rest on her lovely hips. She has the same color bikini style top on. Her veils? Those are a deep, rich, violet color. One rests across her nose and mouth. Others hang from her wrists and hips. She has on a satin black thong." Mike lightly shuddered with a smile into Sienna's eyes.

She winked and encouraged him. "Please go on, Mike." He obliged and continued:

"We're in a hotel room -- a really nice one. You know, maybe three stars."

Sienna interrupted, "At least you didn't take her to some scumbag hotel."

Mike continued, "SHE took ME there," with a wink. Sienna returned the wink, encouragingly. He continued: "She decides that she wants to do a few dances for me. I love to watch her chest and ass sway as she moves. She looks so beautiful, and moves so gracefully. Her eyes pop against the violet veil across her face. Her hips almost mesmerize me. I can tell she's smiling. Those light brown eyes give it away."

He took a gulp of wine. "She asks me to watch her and to wear almost nothing. So, I'm sitting under the covers in boxers, and I'm shirtless. Best of all, she doesn't care that I'm a few pounds overweight."

Sienna lightly tapped his cheek. "Mike!" she gently scolded. "You are NOT fat. Now, stop saying that," she said slowly and deliberately. She pinched his cheeks together, making a "fishy face" with his lips. "You are very attractive, sexy, and cuddly. Lots of women love big boys like you ... nice and safe ... and cuddly." She released his cheeks. Mike lowered his head and placed a gente kiss on her forehead.

"You're sweet for saying that, Sienna, but ..." his voice trailed off. It was quiet for a moment. Only the pops of the wood in the fire could be heard.

Mike continued, "Anyway ... she finishes her dances, and it's obvious I enjoyed them. I mean my cock is so hard. It won't even stay in the boxers! She comes over to me and lightly drags her silk veils over my face and chest.

"She asks, 'Are you satisfied, master?' I smile and tell her, 'Very much so, but ...' My little belly dancer looks at the floor, almost dejected. She says, 'I'm sorry, master. I thought I was pleasing to you.' She almost starts to cry."

"Good one!" Sienna interrupted.

Mike gently hushed her and said, "BUT! I take her by the hand and invited her to the bed. She joins me, and I pull the sheets back showing her my erection. I say, 'You can certainly continue to satisfy me,' as I pull her on my lap. She straddles my hips. Gently, I pull her facial veil away and kiss her hungrily, slipping my tongue into her sweet mouth.

"I run my hands down her back and release her top. Her bare breasts are so full and beautiful -- 38C maybe. I kiss her neck and trail those kisses to between her breasts. My tongue traces circles around her nipples as she lets out a small, pleasured gasp. 

"She sighs, 'Master, I thought I was to please YOU tonight.' I smile as I wrap my hands around her breasts. I tell her, 'Oh, you ARE pleasing me.' I slip my fingers down a little ways into her harem pants and finally slide them off. I decide to leave her belly chain on. So, now she's straddling me in her satin black thong. My cock gets even harder. She leans forward and kisses my lips.

"Standing up, she slides out of her thong. I notice its wet. She's dripping with excitement. I ask her, 'Is it okay if we have sex?' She smiles, and holds up a condom. Her delicate fingers unroll it onto my erection. I almost come right there from her touch. She has the perfect grip on it." Mike shuddered again. He slightly shifted his hips. He could feel himself getting an erection. Mike traced Sienna's face lightly with his fingers. She smiled as he continued with his fantasy:

"My belly dancer is just dripping wet for me. Slowly, she slides my cock into her tight little pussy. She feels so warm, and slides in with ease ... all the way down to the base of my cock. She smiles and begins to grind her hips against mine, imitating one of her dances.

"You can imagine how much heavier my breathing becomes. I run my hands down her back and cup her curvy ass in my hands. She gasps a little and her eyes twinkle. I smile as I rock her hips back and forth against my cock. I ask her, 'Is there something you'd like me to do?'

"She replies, 'Master, I am to pleasure and satisfy YOU!' I tell her, 'Pleasuring you is going to pleasure me, my darling.' She takes me hand and slides it more around her ass. She smiles as I trace my fingers closer. I ask her as I begin to rub her in the best spot possible. 'Do you ant my finger in your ass?' She ---"

Sienna interrupted, "Mike! That is so hot!" She noticed their faces had become a little closer. She also noticed her thong was getting wet as well. "Go on," she whispered.

"Well, she smiles and says, 'Oh please, master! I enjoy that feel!' So, I rub some lube into my hands and slowly start to fill her tight ass with my index finger. Her whole body relaxes as she takes it all. I can tell she wants to come already. She even tells me, 'Master, this will make me come so quick!' I slowly pull my finger out about a 1/2 inch, and then back in one inch. I keep doing that until she feels just a little more stretched out and ready.

"I quicken my thrusting both with my finger and my cock. I'm so turned on by the sight of her bouncing breasts. They're so full and beautiful. She even has her belly button pierced. It's not too long before she starts moaning and rocking her hips even harder. Her little pussy's so warm. I slide so easily into her. She begs me, 'Please, master, don't stop!' She continues to work her tummy around as if she were doing another dance for me. My cock is certainly getting a treat! I replaced my index finger with my middle finger in her ass. 'Oh! Yes, master! It feels wonderful!' she moans.

"I ask her to rub herself so I can watch. She does and its a great sight. I can feel myself getting close to coming. Her fingers just glide so easily. I love to watch a woman do that. It makes me pound up into her harder. I hit her G-spot and she shudders. Her rubbing intensifies as she begs me not to take my finger from her ass.

"Finally, I can't take it anymore. I come so hard. I feel her muscles tense up around my cock and squeeze. It's probably the best, mind blowing orgasm I've ever had. Slowly, I slide my finger out of her ass. She gets a little added pleasure feel from that. 'Did I please you, master?' she asks, regaining her barrings. I wipe my forehead and smile. I can only nod. She enjoyed herself, too, since the lap of my boxers are soaked!"

Sienna smiled up at him, their faces now very close. "Mike, that was so hot," she whispered. "What an awesome fantasy. But tell me something." Mike nodded. "You'll believe your imaginary belly dancer that you're not fat, but you won't believe ME?"

Mike caressed her face and, for the first time ever, gently kissed her lips. "Sienna ... if I believe my little belly dancer, that means I believe you."

Sienna's almond brown eyes widened. "You mean ... I'M your belly ..." Mike nodded and French kissed her. He pulled a violet piece of silk from his jeans pocket and handed it to her. Sienna took it, smiled, and said, "I thought you'd never ask ... Master."