 "Bread and Butter" isn't that what some people say when something comes between them?

In this situation she and he came out the kitchen door of their apartments at the same time carrying plastic totes containing weekly laundry. The thing between them was an individual's washing machine.

Their apartments were adjacent and were joined at the rear by an undivided porch area where Laundry facility connections had been installed during original apartment construction.

They'd also moved into their apartments within days of each other and had shared some of the same original problems new tenants endure.

They were very near the same age and he was single while she was divorced with a son nearly five years old.

After several chance meetings they'd begun to joke with each other and now more than a year later their joking had become more sexually detailed although they'd never been intimate or dated.

It was a Friday afternoon and her son was at school in Kindergarten but sometimes walked home alone on weekdays. If she didn't walk to school, meet the boy and return home together her son would walk solo to arrive about three-fifteen and knock on the door.

He was tall and rugged looking but strong and had a nice personality although he sometimes joked too often to the wrong people. He was well-educated, more than mildly successful and worked from his apartment. He loved larger women and fully appreciated her. He'd even thought many times of asking her out but so far the right moment hadn't arrived.

She was cute with big eyes, nice lips and a constant warm smile. She had wide hips, great boobs and weighed around two hundred pounds at five foot one inch tall. She'd never lost the weight she'd gained when her son was born and condemned her willpower for its lacking. She didn't work but lived on alimony and child-support from her ex. She had an education and would go to work in a few years when her son was mature enough to care for himself while she was away in those hours between school dismissal and her arrival home.

They'd said hello and looked each other over that day before beginning to load their washers. 

He straightened up after dumping a load into his washer while she was still sorting things. He checked her out again as she leaned into the machine and liked even more what he saw.

He joked that if she kept bending over like that he might get the wrong idea and come up close behind her to make her day.

She laughed as she straightened again, pulled her skirt down in the rear and glanced down at him as she said it looked like he was ready.

He glanced down where she was focused and noticed the obvious sign of arousal in his jeans. He felt self-conscious and hurried to smooth down the rise while she laughed. He wasn't wearing a shirt or shoes and she was wearing a low-cut blouse that didn't look like she'd remembered a bra.

He smiled and told her that someday he'd really surprise her when he followed up his remarks with action.

She smiled back then said in such a case she might be tempted to give him an honest blowjob to cool the thing. It had surprised him then and she asked why he thought it would be a surprise as she added detergent and some kind of stain agent to her machine.

He too added detergent then closed the top and started his machine.

He smiled and asked her if she was good at giving blowjobs and she smiled back, winked at him and said every guy she'd ever known that way had thought hers were perfect.

Now she started her machine and before he could respond she glanced down at her wristwatch and exclaimed she had to hurry and get ready to go for her son. She informed him her ex would have the boy for the weekend and was picking him up at four before she said goodbye and hurried into her apartment.

He stood immobile a few minutes thinking and then he heard more water running. He turned off her machine and listened. He heard the sound of water through that pipe to her machine and wondered if she was showering or taking a bath. He listened moments longer and his thoughts of her being naked began to gnaw at his hunger.

He turned her machine on again and started toward his own kitchen door but suddenly stopped, turned around and marched to her door instead.

He opened her door, went inside and found his way to her bathroom door. He listened and heard a bit of splashing as he put his hand on the doorknob, twisted and quietly pushed the door open.

She started to scream until she recognized him and instead tried to cover up. She asked him what he wanted and he smiled and just said he wanted one of those perfect blowjobs. He added that it was no good for her to try and cover her nakedness because anywhere she placed her hands he could still see more than enough.

She settled again as he reached down, opened his fly and took it out.

She gasped and stared before finally forming a smile again. She commented that he really looked prepared but she had to hurry to get her son.

He smiled back and said that she'd better hurry then because he wasn't leaving until he'd had one and could judge the quality himself.

She felt cornered and moments later gave in and told him to throw her a towel. She rinsed quickly then he held out his hand and helped her to stand. She also dried quickly and his eyes followed every move of her body as his mind grew even hungrier for her. She then stepped from the tub and walked to the toilet, put down the cover and sat down with the towel wrapped around her. She held out her hand toward him and he stepped forward close enough to let her begin.

He really hadn't thought it would work and thought he'd just tease her more before leaving and maybe provide her some temptation for when he finally did ask her on a date but now she leaned forward and seriously began to prove her point.

He'd thought she would have to truly work to get him in far enough but it took only a few tries before she'd swallowed it all and began to work it as she moaned and seemed to be humming. She glanced up into his eyes and winked at him as he put his hand behind her head. His body began working it in and out.

He was moments away from a climax when they heard a soft knock on the door and a plaintive "Mommy" being called.

She stopped and pulled back then quickly stood and tightened the towel around her. She was surprised because her son was slightly early and as she held his rigid cock she asked how he was going to get out of there without her son seeing him.

He thought just a moment then told her to get her son and take him into the bedroom, hug and hold him so that the boy's back was kept toward the bathroom door. He told her that as soon as that happened he'd sneak out and leave through the kitchen door.

She whispered thank you, left the bathroom and closed the door behind her.

He heard her greeting her son and then heard the boy's footsteps as she pulled him into the bedroom. The boy said he had to go to the bathroom but she told him she wanted a hug first.

He cracked the door and glanced out to see the boy's back and her face looking at the door. He opened the door and started to walk away but before he was out of sight he moved back into the bedroom doorway while holding his cock in one hand and holding up five fingers on the other. He mouthed the words "I'll be back at five."

She shook her head "no" but he shook his cock and nodded his head "yes."

Finally and without being able to answer him she smiled and shook her head okay.

He hurried through the apartment and out the kitchen door while buttoning his fly again.

Her ex came up the front walkway at almost exactly four and he heard the guy knocking. He heard the boy greet him and then almost twenty minutes elapsed before he heard the door opening again and the guy left carrying the boy in one hand and a small bag of the boys stuff in his other.

He'd told her five but now he wanted to run back over. He didn't though and suffered the time until five in case the ex had forgotten something and came back for it.

At precisely five on his watch he was at her rear door and opening it. He stepped inside and saw her sitting naked on a kitchen chair smiling at him with the towel again across her lap. He didn't wait but this time instead of opening his fly he dropped the jeans to his knees and approached her. His height this way with her on the chair positioned him perfectly for her to work.

Now she began again unhurried and smiling as she slowly and methodically gave him exactly what they both wanted. Her tongue and lips played and teased him while her hands knew exactly what to do to both excite and please him.

He reached down and under to find her breasts and his thumb and fingers teased her as she worked. She moved her shoulders to show appreciation but didn't pause. He was now deep in her throat stroking even as her head bobbed and the humming continued. She truly was exactly as she'd joked and giving him the perfect blowjob. Then as he filled her the moan from deep within her caused the humming to cease. She finished by swallowing and using her fingers to slowly rub his balls in soft gentle circles and milk the last drop up through his shaft.

When finally she pulled back and cleaned him externally he was almost too weak to stand. He swung his ass over to sit on the table and studied her while he caught up with his breathing.

He told her how incredibly perfect it was and now studied her body. She was self-conscious as he yanked the towel from her lap and wouldn't allow her to cover up.

Finally she asked what was next and if he expected any further reward for proving it.

He laughed, leaned over, picked her up and tossed her over his shoulder in a Fireman's carry and she squealed as he carried her into the bedroom.

He'd had to walk funny to keep from falling with the jeans still around his knees, but when he put her on the bed she reached for him while he finished undressing.

He asked if there was any particular way she wanted it and she just smiled and asked him to surprise her. He studied her body now and under his gaze she grew nervous until finally he told her how much he liked and appreciated her body and that she was indeed beautiful. He meant it and although she was still a bit afraid he convinced her. Next he moved her onto her knees then slid her to position her feet over the edge of the mattress in front of him and prepared to enter her. He ran his fingers over her full, cute bottom and then lightly spanked it before bending to kiss it everywhere.

Standing nearly upright between her feet he entered her and found she was wetter than any girl he'd ever known and she was tight. 

He knew her husband had left her but didn't know the guy's crazy justification. He would ask her later but right then she was perfect in all that he knew of her and he worked to hold off his climax until she grew exhausted from multiple orgasms and begged him to fill her. It was his pleasure and he loved the way her body responded driving hard back against him even as he slammed into her. The tempo grew and now she seemed rejuvenated following her earlier plea when she'd seemed so tired.

After the event he cradled her in his arms and she spooned even closer to him before they fell asleep.

She woke him just before nine with another perfect blowjob but this time before he climaxed he dug into his wallet and extracted a bill. He borrowed her phone and called for an extra-large supreme pizza to be delivered before ten.

During the interval she told him why her husband had left and how the ex had thought her a nympho because she'd always wanted more sex. She also told him that if sex had been even a fraction as good as it had been this afternoon then she would have rested and let the guy rest for a day or two but he just couldn't seem to pleasure her and always left her needy. Finally the ex had found a very young girl with a limited sexual appetite. She'd found out about the girl as he left.

She looked at him now with those great soft eyes and asked if she was too sexed for him. He just smiled and said she'd find out soon enough.

After the pizza arrived they'd each eaten two pieces and then he'd taken a third and pushed her back onto a pillow. He turned the slice over and coated her nipples in the cheese, toppings and sauce. He handed her the crust to nibble on and then used his mouth to slowly clean her breasts. She giggled and talked as he worked but when he'd finished it was her turn.

She put a fresh slice in her hand and then wrapped it cheese first around his shaft and slid it up and down before handing him the crust to finish.

He laughed and just grew harder as she teased and cleaned. Her lips were still covered in tomato paste when they kissed and she told him it was the best slice of pizza she'd ever enjoyed.

It had been fun she told him as she got up, went into the bathroom and returned with a small pan of cold water, towel and a small soapy cloth to clean him again. She'd already used a moment in the bathroom for her own cleaning.

They had the entire weekend and slept together. She woke about five the next morning, went to the kitchen and returned with a handful of marmalade then wrapped the sticky palm around his shaft again and began stroking it. He woke and she smiled, said good morning and then began cleaning it again.

She showed that she knew exactly how to please him and when she was finished he picked her up and carried her into the shower. He applied a body shampoo and rinsed her. He told her that one good turn deserved one in return and in less than ten minutes he was on his knees returning oral of his own kind while pleasing her. 

She'd never been given oral before and it sealed their connection. They enjoyed each other every minute that weekend.

Now they regularly get together mostly in the daytime or after her son is in bed at night. 

He knows she isn't a nympho at all but merely a woman that enjoys pleasuring and being pleasured. 

He is her man. Their needs match perfectly.