 It was one of those days where I was just half with it, too tired to really do much but sit around the house. Since he seemed to feel the same way, it quickly became a do nothing kind of day. We ended up sitting on the couch, which ended up with my hand in his lap. That of course led to my hand around his cock and my mouth soon to follow. Before he let me get too into it, he announced he was out of cigarettes, and if we were going to have a fuck fest, he'd ought go get a pack. 

I nodded, and got up, sitting right back down on his cock, riding it until I came. I got off, licked him clean, and watched as he pulled up his pants and grabbed his keys to head out the door. I sat down at the computer, kicking off my panties and tugging my shirt off and across the room. I toyed with the cups of my bra, and went online to look for fun things until I could play with him again.

I looked up his favorite movie site and was cruising around for something stimulating. I watched a few clips on the screen before my hands were distracted by my already dripping pussy and my aching nipples. I kept picturing his head buried between my tits, and his hungry mouth sucking at my nipples. I really really wished he would hurry. I really needed a good fucking. I was ready to be bent over and fucked hard until I was filled with cum. It had me on edge. I enjoyed the feeling though, watching the woman eating another woman on my screen, while playing with my clit until I could almost cum, but holding off so that I could cum with him. 

He got home, not soon enough for my tastes, and stripped his pants and shirt off, and with a glance from me, even took the boxers off after closing the door. I watched as he lit a cigarette, let him get a puff, and kissed him, loving the taste of the menthols in his mouth. He sat down to watch what I'd been watching, and to direct me to other links he liked. 

In the middle of it, we found a few videos that he thought looked promising, and my pussy was so wet that it was almost dripping. I told him I needed to be fucked and leaned over to kiss his cock and make it shine with a few licks and kisses. I stood up and leaned over the chair, asking him for just a little fuck. He slid his cock in easily, I was so wet it surprised me it wasn't running down my thighs. 

He slid his full length into me and I moaned, begging for more. I turned my head to watch the woman on the screen getting fucked, and was rewarded with his nice steady thrusts. In seconds, I was cumming on his cock, and I asked him to step back so that I could lick him clean and enjoy the taste of my pussy on him. 

I bent my mouth to his cock, licking off his precum, and my cum. I let my mouth linger over the head a moment, before deciding that I needed more than just a little taste. I slid my mouth over his cock and took him completely within my mouth for a couple of quick strokes, before again standing and presenting him with my very wet pussy. He quickly filled me up, and with a free hand he caressed my clit until I was cumming again.

He licked his fingers clean, gently slapped my ass and never stopped fucking me. He said, "You like this don't you? Bet you'd love for me to cum in your pussy and lick it for you wouldn't you?" At his words I felt another orgasm and agreed. It was something I did want, for him to lick me clean and then let me lick the cum from his mouth. 

He kept on fucking me and I continued watching the porn clip playing on my screen and his hand returned to my clit. I came again, and took his hand, dragging him to the bed. My mind was lost, I wanted nothing more than for him to cum and then lick me clean. Hell, I just wanted to cum again. I never said I wasn't a greedy little bitch when it comes to getting his cock when I want it, and where I want it. I watched him lay down, his hard cock standing tall and oh so inviting.

I slid into bed with him, mounting his cock and sliding down its length. I got into a nice rhythm, loving the way I could grind my clit against him when I was on top of him, and the way his hands were on my breasts. I rode him slowly, and was soon almost begging for him to cum, and in the same breath begging him not to cum. He laughed and kept on, moving his hips to place his cock deeper inside of me, and it wasn't long before I was awash in pleasure. 

Added to this was the fact that he said when he came he was gonna take our cum in his mouth and then feed it to me. I felt so wet that I just knew his balls were drenched, and soon I was begging him for his cum. We fucked furiously then, his hands squeezing my tits, and going to hold me down on his cock as he groaned and shuddered beneath me. He finished cumming and stilled. It wasn't a moment later that he licked his lips, and invited me to sit on his face like I had asked.

I had a moments reservation but then I rose off his cock, and quickly slid up over his mouth, he buried his face in my dripping pussy, and I felt him sucking the cum out. I came twice just from the feeling of it, and sat back on the bed, afraid I'd pass out. He came to his knees and met my mouth, passing the cum into my mouth, onto my very willing tongue. We finished the kiss and I swallowed it down, falling to the pillow spent. The porn clip was still playing on my computer, but my body was too wasted for me to move. 

He got up and got something to drink, and soon his naked body was again beside of me, I snuggled into his embrace and slept only to dream of fucking him again. I don't guess I'll ever get enough. But he does seem pretty content with a wife that always seems to want to fuck his brains out.