 His flight had been late, and she answered the door for him already dressed for bed, wearing a very oversized t-shirt over panties. They kissed with a sleepy passion. He had been gone more than a week on a trip for work.

As she turned and walked away from him, towards the bedroom, the name on the back of her shirt registered. "Murphy?" he asked. "As in your ex-boyfriend?"

"What? Oh, yeah. This was his shirt. Sorry, I didn't even think about it." She took a few more steps before realizing that he was no longer following. She turned to look at him, and was surprised to see him glowering, clearly angry. "Are you OK?"

"No. I'm not OK. That's not OK with me. I didn't realize you still had things from him. He was an asshole and treated you like shit. Why do you still have his shirt?"

"Honestly, I didn't even think about it. I found it at the bottom of my drawer the other day. It's comfortable, that's all." She smiled at him, tilted her head a little, and said, "I don't ever think I've seen you jealous."

His brow furrowed some. "You have shirts of mine that you could be wearing. You even have some of my shirts from college that have my name on the back." He stepped closer to her and gripped the sleeve. "You don't have to wear the name of some fucking bastard that cheated on you."

She looked at him a little more closely. "You really are bothered by this." She stepped in front of him and put her arms around his waist, looking up into his hazel eyes. "I'm finding this interesting. And a little hot, to be honest."

"I'm serious. We have been together for three years, Jen. I shouldn't have to see you wearing another man's name." His voice pitched lower, sounding edgy, a little primal, and he gripped her tighter. "And I do get fucking jealous. I love you and I trust you, so I don't make a big deal about it. That doesn't mean I don't feel it."

Jennifer took his hand and pulled Adam towards her bedroom. "Come on, I will find another shirt. I was tired, but now I'm starting to look forward to you taking this one off of me." 

She still sounded a little playful about this. He was dead serious. Maybe it was the lateness, or how long they had been apart, or the stress from travel, but Adam didn't just want her to change her shirt. He wanted to claim her. He wanted to make her his in a way that she wouldn't forget.

They got to the bedroom, and he watched as Jennifer rummaged around in her drawer and found one of his shirts and changed into it. "Better?" she asked, looking at him.

His eyes were dark, almost angry, and he closed the distance between them quickly and kissed her hard, one hand behind her neck, the other on the small of her back. He pulled her against him roughly, and she could feel every inch of his hard erection pressed against her stomach as he probed her mouth with his tongue. She made a small noise and started breathing faster, her arousal almost immediately overwhelming all other thoughts.

"Turn around." She complied. He wasn't asking tonight, he was ordering. Adam grunted his approval, seeing his name across her shoulders, and reached down to pull her underwear off in one swift, rough motion. 

Her heart was beating out of her chest. Adam turned her around, his hands on her shoulders, looked into her face, and growled, "Get on the bed. On your knees." 

She complied again. It wasn't often that he took control so completely, and it was doing things to her. Hot, sexy things. 

Adam stripped off his clothes and knelt on the bed behind her. He put his knee between her knees, and moved them apart. "MY name, Jen." He put his other knee between her legs and pressed in the other direction. "ONLY mine." He took her hair in his hand and came up close to her ear. "Don't ever wear another man's name again. Ever." 

He took her hand and put it on the headboard as he pushed his cock inside of her in one deep thrust, enjoying her gasp. "MY NAME, Jen." He started moving, sliding in and out of her. "Say it, Jen." He was feeling on the edge of control.

"Adam!"

"CARSON." He growled his surname, the name on the shirt, breathing heavily as he continued to stroke in and out of her. 

"Yes. Oh, yes. Carson!"

"Yes. MY name." He was slowly starting to increase the speed of his thrusts. "Say it again, Jen."

"CARSON. Adam Carson. Oh, God."

He wrapped his hand into her hair at the back of her neck, already starting to feel the pressure building at the base of his spine, sliding in and out of her, feeling her hot wetness pressing around him. Her tightness pulled and stroked his cock with each thrust. "You're MINE, Jen." He bowed his head, starting to pant. "You wear MY name. MY NAME, Jen." He was speeding up; the headboard was starting to thump against the wall with the force of his movements. 

His thrusting was deep and powerful. "MY name." He was starting to lose rhythm. "You're MINE. SAY IT."

"Oh, God, Adam, I'm yours!"

"Say my name again!" He was so close. "Say it!"

"CARSON." She was panting, riding at the edge of orgasm. A few more seconds passed, and then Jennifer screamed, "Yes! Oh, God, ADAM!"

Adam grabbed her hips and thrust into her one last time, holding on and grinding against her as he ejaculated, growling loudly as he claimed her in this primitive ritual, feeling each surge as if it was coming from his toes.

He rested his forehead on her back, one arm on the headboard, the other curled around her body, trying to catch his breath. Exhaustion from the day was catching up to him quickly.

He pulled Jennifer down with him in a controlled collapse onto the bed, into a spooning position. They lay there as their breathing slowly returned to normal. 

Jennifer rolled to face Adam and smiled, eyes half-lidded with sleep and sex. "Welcome home, Adam. Yes, I'm yours." She kissed him slowly, tracing his lips with her tongue. "And tomorrow, I'm going to make sure you know that your mine." 

His low chuckle came from deep in his chest. "I'm looking forward to that." She rolled back over to snuggle into his arms again, and they both fell asleep.