 Walking slowly into the room, she looked over to where he sat, her face showing her delight as she saw him.  He sat there relaxed, his long, slim frame slouching in the chair, he winked and turned his gaze back to the TV.

Moving over to him, she curled up on the floor at his feet, resting her head on his lap and curling her hands around his legs, her fingers brushing at the denim of his jeans, she also began to view the TV screen.  Both sat in silence they watched the rest of the film together.  

As the film drew to a close, she watched the couple on the screen pull together in a deep, long kiss.  Moving slightly, her hands began to move further up her lover’s legs, her strokes firm against his thighs.  Turning her head to look at him, she smiled with that unmistakeable grin of hers, the green of her eyes sparkling, her lips parting as she sought his eyes.

Looking down to her, he reached out tenderly to stroke her hair, his eyes roamed adoringly over her face, framed as it was by the impish short cut of her hair.  His eyes rested on the softness of her lips, his finger reached to trace along their fullness, following the lines of her smile.

Shifting a little more, she bit at her bottom lip and continued to grin at him, her hands increasing the intensity of their touch; her fingers kneading the muscles in firm yet tender caresses.

He moved a bit in the chair, quietly musing over how this woman affected him, how her mischievousness was such a huge turn on.  How seductive she could be with just a wink of her eye or the way she tilted her head and just gazed into his eyes, he shifted more as he saw that blush of desire creep over her cheeks, warming her face with a gentle flush.  Already his cock was beginning to strain at his boxers and jeans, and he knew by the look of her she had intended that.

Parting his thighs, and moving her between them, his hands curled into her hair and pulled her towards him, his mouth softly covering hers.  The grip of his hands in her hair very firm and increasing until her kiss covered lips moaned softly, and her eyes closed in passion.  He chuckled as he drew her head back and gazed into her eyes, his free hand moved to her lips, wet from the kiss and parted from her rapid breaths.  Their eyes met and they could see the mutual desire in one another’s stare.

“Mmmmn…undress me baby.” He said, as he lay back further into the chair, letting his grasp fall from her brown hair.

Kneeling between his thighs, she began to undo the buttons of his shirt, making sure that with each twist of the button that she grazed his bare flesh beneath the shirt.  Each move of her hands was matched with a wiggle of her hips, her soft stomach grinding onto his already aching, straining cock.

As she loosened the shirt and pulled it back she placed gentle kisses upon his chest, her teeth and tongue played over his nipples, gripping one nipple tight she tugged it lightly from him, the grasp of her teeth firm enough to cause him to groan.
His hand rose up and grabbed her hair once more, but his grasp became a stroke as her tongue flicked and played softly upon him once more, his eyes shut and his head rested upon the chair as she worked wonders with her mouth on him.

Moving down to his trousers, she began to tug at the denim as soon as the button and fly were opened, roughly pulling them down his hips, he raised his hips as they caught on his arse, and the jeans came down with a swift yank.  Throwing the jeans in a pile behind her, she went to his boxers, moving her mouth to the growing bulge she kissed it through the soft silk, and then began to pull them down with her teeth, till his hardness sprung free and bounced at her face.  He watched her as her eyes sparkled with a look of joy to see his hard shaft so close to her face, he bit his lip as he saw the tip of her tongue dab round the fullness of her lips.  Moving quickly she pulled the boxers and laid them on the floor.

Her movements were smooth as she stood before him, leaning forward to slip his arms from the shirt before pulling it from him too. Stepping back a little, she reached round and opened the zip of her skirt, letting it slip down her bare legs to the floor.  Her thumbs moved to her white cotton thong, bending at the waist she pushed them down and to the floor, a slight kick of her foot flicked them in front of her.  Raising her hands above her head she removed the soft cotton jersey and added it to the pile of clothing, till she stood there with just a cheeky grin and her bra.  A little giggle broke from her as she grabbed his boxers from the floor and stepping into them she wiggled them all the way up her smooth legs.  Adjusting the silkiness against her till it snuggled up close against her already wet sex.

His eyes lifted from her feet up till he was looking in her eyes, he watched as she turned from him and swayed her round behind at him.  A low growl came from him, as she teased and taunted him, a dance of seduction for his pleasure, her hands running over the silk of the boxers, playfully rubbing at her cunt through the material.  Her fingers twirled over her hard nipples through the flimsy cotton of her bra, before she undid the clasp at the front and threw it to the floor.  Her large heavy breasts swung as she danced for him, her hands caressing, her mouth inviting.
With a wink she kneeled in front of his naked form, a smirk on her lips.  Lifting her panties from the floor with a finger, she laughed softly and began to run them so slowly up his legs, her laughter increased as she saw the way his face and cock both twitched with bemusement. 

Pushing his cock gently into the stretchiness of the thong, she moaned.  Her head went down quickly, her mouth moving over his cock beneath the material, her tongue poking and prodding leaving wet patches over his hardness.  Her warm breath blew at him, her lips stroking at playing, teasing torturing till his head went back hard onto the chair, his fingers gripping tightly onto the arms of the chair, as his delicious rascal played him like a tune.

Walking away from him, she dragged a dining chair from the other side of the room, and placed it in front of him, so that his knees were nearly touching its legs.  She sat on the chair and leaned forward to him, her body bending over his legs, her breasts running between his thighs as she moved to and fro, dragging her nipples up and over his cotton clad bulge.  He moaned as she brought her arms together and pushed her breasts over his hardness, wrapping him in their warmth, shimmying her shoulders she began to caress his manhood with her tits, the heaviness moving his balls and cock in a massaging soft hold.  Her lips moved on his stomach as she continued to tease him with her tits, her nails running up and down the hairs on his thighs, her giggles shot through him, and he couldn’t hold back anymore.  Reaching to grab her hair and pull her upright, he shifted forward in the seat and kissed her hard, his lips rough against hers, her body melting into submission against his, her breath hard, her excitement visible as the crotch of the boxers darkened from her wet cunt.

“Stop the teasing baby, I want you now” He held her hair firm with one hand and with his other he easily ripped the thin cotton panties from himself.  He lowered her head till she was just in front of his cock, her eyes savoured the beautiful sight of his cum hole glistening with pre-cum, her eager tongue darted out and delved into it’s creaminess, looking up at him, she slowly licked her lips and closed her eyes as if tasting the most delicious thing on earth.  The growl came low in his body, as she carried on playing the game of temptress.  Pushing her back hard onto the dining chair, he lifted her feet and then grabbed the boxers from her, yanking them from her in a fluid motion; the boxers were lifted to his nose where he breathed in her intoxicating scent.  His tongue dabbed at her sweetness on the cloth of the boxers and he copied his little minx by closing his eyes.  

He shocked her by throwing the boxers to the floor swiftly and in a seamless movement he had draped her legs over his shoulders and dove down into her sex, his tongue raping it’s velvety folds in hard strokes, his nose grinding onto her hardening clit.  Her back arched up in rapture as he ravished her clit and cunt with the perfected way only he could achieve.  His fingers joining his tongue as he drew her closer and closer to an orgasm.  One thumb grinding her clit the way she loved it and a fingers in her tight star and cunt as he led her higher and higher, each breath from her body a strangled moan of ecstasy.

He began to finger fuck her in her cunt and arse harder and harder until she began to writhe on the chair, yelping as her orgasm took hold, he moved his hands quickly from her, pushing her thighs wider apart as his mouth covered her sex just as she shot her wonderful female ejaculation onto his waiting tongue, her juice covering him, filling his mouth as she came harder with each stroke of his greedy tongue. 

He sat up licking his lips as she laid back in the chair; her eyes closed tight, her body shaking as the orgasm slowly finished.

A smile spread across his face as he sat back in the chair, parting his legs once more.

“Now, fuck me, Kate, let that cunt of yours cover this cock.” He held his thick, hard shaft in his hand, stroking it slowly as she began to move.
Standing up she turned around, pushing her arse out as she lowered herself down towards his lap, letting him guide himself into her wet, aroused puffy hole.  She tightened her cuntal walls on him as his cock head entered her.  Her sex held him in a vice like grip as she lowered further down, till his cock was buried fully in her.  

Using the chair as balance she began to ride him, slowly, tightly…each move like a hard stroke on his cock, her well-tuned vaginal muscles massaging his shaft.

His eyes gazed at her arse, half shut in his idyllic state, his hands reached to touch the smooth creamy flesh, stroking the soft roundness as it rose and fell deep onto him.  He could feel her cunt holding him, pulling him, like the softest hand, working his foreskin up and down his shaft in her slow, sensuous way. It wasn’t enough though, she drove him wild, he needed her hard and fast, he longed to pump his hot seed into her.  She could afford to be slow, she had cum once already, but as he sat there looking at her, her slender neck bowed in concentration, her slim waist undulating as she moved over him in so many ways, her arse compressing into delicious orbs as she ground onto him painfully slowly, his need grew, his hips began to lurch forward, he began to lunge into her, his pelvis slamming into the softness of her arse with each thrust.  His force made her bounce on him, her heavy tits jerking on her chest.  As his thrusts became more urgent she was thrown forward, her arse in the air, her feet on the ground, her hands rests on the chair, he stood, almost lifting her with his cock, his slams becoming frenzied, animal like, he wasn’t happy till she started to whimper from his fucks.  He loved the way that she began to scream yes, to start plunging back as his cock stuffed into her, she became wild for him, her body enjoying it as much as him.  He watched his cock slam into her, saw it glistening, saw the way her arse cheeks started to glow from his body slapping against her, his hand came down in a firm swat across that delectable flesh, and she shook in delight as the warmth of the slap spread through her whole body.  Gone now was all the decorum of love making, he wanted to fuck her till she cried out for more, he reached round and ground her breasts hard into her chest and began rutting her faster and faster, his balls tightening as he felt her cunt spasm over him, the sign of another orgasm approaching.  The both yelled as the climaxed together, he withdrawing his cock from her just as his seed began to shoot from him, the hot cream splattered on the now rosy cheeks of her arse and ran down the crevasse to her cunt, which was now leaking her own juices too. He flopped back onto his chair, pulling her with him; they sat there like that for quite a while, till they recovered.  She a slimy mess on his lap, he a panting sweat covered animal beneath her.  She curled round on his lap, till she could see his face, her flushed cheeks and sparkling eyes filled his vision, as she moved to him with the softest kiss.