 This story contains intense graphic primal sex between consenting adults. If it gets you hard or makes you wet, please let me know!

XOX

Hot Hunty

*

He's already ripped my shirt open, leaving it hanging in tatters around my now-bare breasts. I am aware of the feel of the wall against my back, rough, cold, hard and unyielding. He, standing in front of me, is not so different. He presses closer to me, grabbing one of my tits and giving it a vicious squeeze, pulling long and hard on my nipple before letting it go. I can feel him, erect and expectant, against me.

He grins and yanks at my shirt again, seemingly taking satisfaction in the harsh sound of the tearing cloth. "No bra, I see." He mutters. "Not like I'd expect a fucking slut like you to wear one. How about panties?"

He runs a hand down the front of my body and between my legs, shoving it under my skirt. He finds my cunt like he expected it to be; bare, wet and hot. He runs his fingers through my slit roughly, then shoves two up inside me, drawing a gasp from my throat. "You're wet, sloppy...does this mean you want to fuck, bitch?"

I nod, rocking my hips against the two fingers he is twisting in my cunt. He smirks, shoving a third in. "Then say it, you filthy meathole, tell me how much you want me to fuck you?"

I lock my eyes with his, the need as evident there as it is elsewhere on my body. "I want you to fuck me," I pant, still grinding against the three fingers he has working inside me. "I want you to ram the shit out of my cunt, use me like I know I deserve."

He steps away from me, pulling his fingers from my body abruptly. "Lift your skirt, slut." I do, and he nods. "Now spank that sloppy cunt of yours, you fucking bitch."

I do, and he shakes his head. "Harder, you fucking cunt. I want to hear it, and see that pussy juice on your hand."

I honor his request, delivering several sharp, hard slaps to my cunt. He nods. "That's good, slut, now get on your knees."

I do, mindless of the feel of the dirty pavement under me. He unzips and pulls out his hard cock. "Are you ready to get that face of yours fucked, bitch?" I nod. "Good." Then his hands are wrapping in my hair and yanking me forward, pulling me onto his engorged dick.

He hits the back of my throat on the first thrust, causing me to cough and gag around him. His pace only lessens slightly on the second thrust, and I am working to keep sucking him, working to keep from puking, and he continues to yank on my hair, forcing me up and down along his cock. "That's it, you little slut, get my cock all messy..." He chuckles and continues to fuck my face. "Somehow seeing a fucking whore like you, on her knees, cunt dripping and tits hanging out, with a mouthful of cock in an alley is all too appropriate, don't you think?"

I nod, still sucking.

"Yeah, I bet you do, you filthy bitch. Do you want to get fucked now, whore? Do you want to get your gaping cunt banged out here in the alley like you fucking deserve?"

I nod. He pulls me off his cock, hard and fast. "Say it, slut."

"I want you to fuck me, now."

He pulls me up by the hair, pausing only long enough to slap my tits, before spinning me around and pushing me towards the wall. I brace myself against it and bend over, offering him my eager, wet cunt. "You are such a filthy fucking whore," he sighs, then he shoves himself into me, hard and deep.

I immediately move back against him, thrusting myself against his cock. "Fuck me," I sigh, 'fuck me hard. Bang me like the nasty fucking bitch that I am."

He does, slamming into me hard and fast, hips slapping against my ass, balls bouncing against my clit, one hand wrapped around my hip and the other tangled in my hair, yanking my head back. I am ramming back against him, aware of the sloppy, wet, messy sounds my cunt is making as it is so thoroughly reamed by his cock, my own wetness leaking out around him and down my thighs.

"Quite the horny little whore tonight, aren't you?" He snarls, and I nod, tits and ass shaking with each thrust. "Is that because you like getting your fucking slutty clothes ripped off and getting banged in an alley like the easy piece of trash that you are, whore?"

"Yes," I growl in reply, fucking him as hard as he is fucking me now. "I fucking love getting used like the slut bitch that I am, and you know it."

"Yeah, I do, you disgusting slut. Cum for me, then I will pound that whore ass of yours, too."

I start thrusting back on him faster, mind consumed with nothing but the feel of his hands on my flesh and twisted in my hair, the sensation of my wildly slapping tits, and most important of all, his cock slamming in and out of my eager, dripping cunt. Soon I am panting, "fuck me", over and over, and rubbing my own clit in hard, tight circles. He picks up his pace, hammering into me viciously, and I am cumming, hard and loud, body hot and tight with pleasure, and he is pulling out of me...

"Spread yourself, you fucking bitch, I want to see that gaping cunt of yours before I ram my cock up your ass.'

I do so, reaching back and pulling open my swollen cunt, spreading it wide for him. "God you are a fucking slut. Get your ass ready for me."

I rub my hand through my soaking cunt, then spit on it before reaching back to moisten my ass. I rub my hand over the hole first, then stick two fingers inside. "You hardly even need lube anymore, you loose little whore..."

Then his hands are on my hips again and he is shoving himself into my ass, sure and deep. He pumps in and out slowly a few times, opening me up, then he starts moving faster, driving his cock up into my asshole with the same ferocity he had used on my cunt. "Do you like that cock up your ass, bitch?" He pants between thrusts.

"Yes." I gasp in reply, once again working back against him.

"Yeah, too bad we don't have a few more cocks out here using you like you fucking deserve, slut. Maybe next time..."

He is pounding me hard and deep, driving into my ass with all the force he can muster..." you fucking whore, you gape holed slut, take my cock like the nasty bitch cunt you are".. and I am, moaning and writhing against him, loving the feel of him so thoroughly using my ass, my own fingers slipping over and into my cunt. Suddenly, he grabs me by the hair again and yanks me to the ground, jerking his cock in his hand and holding it over my face... "Stick out your fucking tongue, slut."

I do and he cums, splattering his jizz all over my tongue and chin. When he is done, I close my mouth and swallow what he has put there, then he is tucking himself back into his pants and pulling me to me feet, devious grin on his face.

"I think, whore, that we should walk back to the car just like this, with your holes gaping, tits hanging out, and cum on your face. I mean, you are a filthy fucking slut, might as well make sure anyone who might see us knows it...."

If you'd like me to post Act 2, leave me a comment and let me know. XOX Hunty