 As morning drew near, Tara awoke first to see him sleeping ever so peacefully beside her, she lay quiet reliving the wonderful moments she had with him, and yet at the same time her heart was now in shambles for she didn't know what to do. She knew that in a matter of hours this man who she has now fallen for completely would be being discharged, and heading back home. How could she let this man go back to that woman who doesn't give a shit whether he lives or dies? And yet on that same note, how could she possibly keep him with her? This whole situation is really all her fault; she put herself into it last night when she started falling for him. 

Rolling gently onto her side, she kisses him softly, and slides herself slowly out of his arms, although she didn't ever want to be out of his arms. Making her way out of bed, Tara moves over to the window, opening the curtains a bit, Tara watches the sun beginning to rise. Just then the night nurse knocks on the door.

"There is a phone call for him out here would you like me to forward it into the room?" "Is it her?" Tara asks quietly.

"Yes I believe it is."

"For Christ sakes it's five-thirty in the morning, oh that woman never stops." She thinks to herself. "No, don't forward it in here…just tell her he is sleeping, and she can call back later."

"But isn't she his…?"

"I don't care if she's the Queen of England, I won't have that belligerent fool waking him at five-thirty in the morning and upsetting him. She will just have to call back." The door closes and Tara returns to the window. She stands there looking out with so many different thoughts running through her head she has become lost in them, so lost in fact she never heard him stir. 

"Good Morning." She hears whispered in her ear, as his arms slowly wrap around her waist. Her body in an instant reaction jumps a bit, she gasps quietly, her hands coming to rest on his.

"Good Morning, you startled me." 

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to, I just couldn't help myself but to wrap my arms around you, you look so beautiful in the early morning light."

"How long have you been awake, long enough to be able to watch you staring out that window, when I woke up, and you weren't in my arms I needed to find you." "Well see you found me, and I wasn't far away."

"Your not far away anymore, you're right where I want you." Lightly he plants baby kisses up and down the side of her neck. She moans softly as her head falls to the side resting onto his shoulder, her hand slips into the back of his hair holding him to her neck. 

"Oh baby, you're not making this easy, you're supposed to be in bed."

"Not without you there for me to hold, I want to be able to hold you all the time, I don't want to lay in that bed alone." Slowly his hands begin cascading up her body, cupping her breasts he massages them gently. She could feel his now erect shaft pressing against her. "Come on baby come lay with me." 

"Baby, as much as I want to, I just can't." and at that point Tara breaks down and begins to cry.

"Tara, what's the matter? Come on talk to me and tell me what's wrong."

"I have been trying to come to terms with the fact that in a matter of a few hours, you're leaving me, and going back to her and I may never get to see you again. I know I shouldn't be feeling this way, but it's my fault, when I went to the call last night, I shouldn't have broken my own rule, but I did I fell for you. I'm sorry I didn't mean to complicate your life, and I know that what I just said probably isn't what you really wanted to hear, but the fact is that I won't lie to you, I fell for you, and now I don't know how to let you go back to her, and have you walk out of my life." In hearing her say this to him, he wrapped his arms around her and held her close.

"Baby don't cry, you have to know that if you think I am going walk out of here and out of your life, you're wrong, you didn't complicate my life any, if anything you have made it so much better. I didn't make love to you last night just because I wanted something to do, or I wanted a quick fix, I made love with you because I wanted you, I wanted to be near you, I wanted to feel you. Tara, last night when we made love I was happy for the first time in a very long time, I was with a woman who looked at me for me, for the man that I am, not just for someone who she could walk on and treat like dirt. Yes I know that I have to go back to the house today, but I am by no means going back to her; there will never be anything between her and I again, I guess I have known that for some time now, however last night just confirmed that for me, and if you will allow me to, I want to have you in my life. You saved my life last night in more ways then one and if it wasn't for you, I probably wouldn't be holding you right now. I can not let you go."

"Oh please I don't want you to let me go." She replies softly, their eyes locking onto each other, gently his hands slide into her hair, leaning in toward her, his lips meet hers, his tongue lightly probing, her lips part accepting his wanting tongue. Their tongues meet, dancing that forbidden dance of passion. Their kiss deepens, her hands untie his jonnie, removing it from him, as his hands slide inside her top, lifting it up her back, and slowly removing it. Their kiss breaks as he kisses his way down the front of her neck, past her shoulders, down her chest to her fully erect nipples. Gently he sucks her right nipple into his mouth, rolling it around with his tongue as he sucks it to the roof of his mouth, suckling it like a baby. He moans softly, as her hands roam slowly over his chest, enjoying every inch of this man. The feelings of his moans vibrating on her breast arouse her even more as she can feel her own juices beginning to flow. Lightly he begins to pinch her left nipple, sending erotic chills through her being, her body arches, pushing her nipples forward, the right one further into his mouth. He suckles it a bit harder as he opens her pants, sliding his fingers inside her waist band, sliding them down over her hips, down her legs, and completely off.

"I want you, and I want you now…please baby I want you inside me again." Lying back on the bed, he takes her into his lap, straddling his thighs she takes his shaft into her hand, sliding the head of it up and down her glistening pussy lips, his body shutters, and his back arches as she slides her pussy down his length inch by inch slowly. As her muscles close down around him milking him and sucking him deeper inside her, he pushes her down further onto him by her hips. He lets out with one hell of an erotic whimper as her hips begin to roll and grind on his shaft. 

Feeling his shaft growing to full thickness inside her, she begins to rock back and forth on it, reaching down behind her, cupping his balls, she massages them gently. His body tenses, his back arches, the look in her eyes becomes more erotic, her moans getting a bit louder, her body beginning to tremble.

"Yeah that's it, come on baby let it happen…cum for me baby." He whispers. Her muscles tighten down around him even more stroking his shaft in a way that only she could make happen, her body tenses, taking his hands into hers, his arms locked in front of her, she pushes against his hands as her body releases all her hot love juices over his cock, that's all it took, he couldn't hold back anymore… his body shivering, as she pushes him over the edge, with one last deep thrust, he shoots all his cum stream after stream deep inside her pussy. As their bodies settle together, she lay upon his chest, his arms wrapped around her holding her close, he looks deep into her eyes and whispers, 

"I promise you this here and now, you and I will not EVER be apart." And with that, he kisses her one last time, as she lays her head onto his chest, and listens to the heart of the man that she now finally realizes she loves.