 When I woke up, Mr Charles was sitting in an armchair in a bathrobe, and his eyes lit up when I looked over at him.

"You're awake! Come quickly, sweet girl, and look out over the city while the sun sets. It's so beautiful. I padded over, completely naked and blushing, and let Mr Charles stand behind me in the bay window, his hands on my bare shoulders as we admired the amazing evening view. Mr Charles leaned in behind me and kissed my neck and my earlobe. I felt him reach down between my legs and I squirmed when he inserted two fingers into my sore, swollen pussy. Hot semen was oozing out of my vagina and completely coated my soft bare labia. Runnels of the thick white fluid ran down my fleshy inner thighs, and Mr Charles let out a low whistle as he investigated my flooded genitals more fully. 

"So much sweet ejaculate for you, my sweet girl. Well done, you have taken it very nicely. You have pleased me so far." Something about the words "so far" made me shiver, and I was surprised when I felt Mr Charles' hand at my face. He pressed his fingers into my mouth and I felt the viscous semen he had scooped out of my pussy coat my tongue. 

"Taste it, my sweet girl. Taste us together. Open yourself to me." I moaned and sucked his large fingers eagerly, my eyes clenched shut as I leaned back into Mr Charles' strong chest. After a moment he pushed me forward until I was bent over the window sill, supporting myself on two outstretched hands. My small tits hung down and Mr Charles grazed my erect nipples with one hand while he forced my legs further apart with his knee. 

"Stay exactly where you are." I waited obediently, bent over with my seeping vagina displayed and I looked out over the skyline in a daze. Mr Charles had fetched a small bottle and caressed my soft fleshy ass as he smoothed sweet scented oil over my skin. Occasionally he would lean down and kiss my skin, then continue with his ministrations. I gasped when I first felt his finger trace my small tight anus, but I realised Mr Charles' intentions at that point and resolved to do whatever I could to meet his desires. Slowly Mr Charles increased the pressure on my muscular anus until he had worked the tip of his index finger into my ass. He moved slowly and gradually, while stroking my body all over with his other hand, and I felt relaxed and surprisingly comfortable considering this was the first ever penetration of my ass.

When someone knocked on the door, Mr Charles called casually that it was unlocked. He must have felt me tense up, but with a strong hand on my shoulder Mr Charles made it clear that I was to stay exactly where I was.

"Hello – Oh!" The door started to close again as a hotel employee retreated, red-faced and with eyes averted.

"No it's quite alright, what can I help you with?" asked Mr Charles, crossing to the door and holding it open.

"I wonder if... I thought this might belong to the young lady..." As he held up the tiny black thong we had left in the hallway, the employee was clearly torn between trying to be polite to Mr Charles and wanting to gape at my tight body bent over and spread open at the window. I could still feel sticky cum on my thighs and labia, and I knew the scented oil Mr Charles had been massaging into me had left my whole ass slick and glistening.

"Yes, thank you, it is. We were in a hurry earlier, I apologise." Mr Charles graciously accepted the lingerie in his upturned palm, then went on: "I'm glad you called in, actually – do you have two minutes to do us a favour?"

Looking dumbstruck, the employee stammered his agreement. 

"Let me get straight to the point. Actually, it's easier if I just show you." Mr Charles led the employee over to the window and placed a hand gently on my upturned buttock. 

"Tonight I plan to sodomise my sweet girl. She is of age and in agreement, of course, aren't you?" I nodded and squeaked in confirmation. 

"Please would you help us by holding her ass cheeks apart while I stretch her sphincter a little further? A third pair of hands would be really helpful. Like this, you see?" Without further ado, Mr Charles stretched my ass cheeks apart quite forcefully, until my ass crack was stretched white and my little ass hole looked looser than ever. 

"Yes, quite like that, thank you." Mr Charles turned his attention back to the lubricating oil as the hotel employee reached round and placed his warm sweaty palms on my skin.

"Even tighter, really pull her open for me, won't you? I want to be able to see exactly what I'm doing." said Mr Charles. I could see him behind me in the reflection of the window now that night had fallen. He had undone the bathrobe and was oiling up his enormous swollen shaft. The hotel employee seemed fixated on my slippery ass and dripping pussy and was staring at that until Mr Charles moved round and presented his shiny penis to my anal sphincter.

"Yes, spread her open for a moment and I'll soon make my way inside." Mr Charles pressed the tip of his huge member onto my anus and used his strong hips to push ever more forcefully against my tight virgin hole. He groaned slightly as he increased the pressure, and I could feel the stranger's hands on my ass cheeks trembling. Mr Charles let out a sigh of relief as the head of his enormous purple erection popped past my anus and into my rectum. I let out a high-pitched squeal as I felt my inner canal readjusting to this large foreign intrusion. 

"You can go now, you know," Mr Charles said a bit sharply to the employee, who stood stock-still and mesmerised by the scene of this middle-aged man calmly taking his secretary's anal cherry. I managed to wait until the door had shut behind him before letting out a guttural moan of mixed pain and pleasure. Mr Charles' huge penis was slowly but surely slipping deeper into my rectum, and a swollen fullness was spreading through my lower half. Combined with my bruised pussy, I felt unbearably sensitive and vulnerable to my boss' sexual ministrations.

"My wife refuses to take it up the ass you know, my sweet girl. She says only cheap sluts take cocks up their assholes. You're doing me a real favour. So hot and tight!" My breath caught in my throat when I thought about Mrs Charles again but the continued invasion of my rectum was forefront in my mind. After several minutes of steady pressure, all nine inches of Mr Charles' giant erection were buried in my anal passage, and his thighs were now pressed against my buttocks, with his pubic hair slightly tickling my ass cheeks. 

"My sweet girl, you're doing so well. Now I'm going to ass-fuck you properly. Remember the promises you made me." Mr Charles abruptly withdrew his slippery organ all the way out of my body, then slammed back into me, causing me to lose my grip on the windowsill. As he continued his assault on my tiny sphincter, my whole upper body was pressed up against the window. Even my face, turned side on, was mashed into the glass as Mr Charles took his sexual pleasure from my virgin anus. If anyone happened to look up to the high window, my jolting naked figure, with breasts squeezed against the window and my pained expression of lustful concentration would have been clearly visible. My greasy asshole was looser now, and through the numbness I began to feel pleasure building. It was too late though: with a couple more sharp thrusts and a loud sigh, Mr Charles clenched his thighs and began emptying his testicles into my rectal passage. 

Streams of his salty cream poured into my ass, sending shivers of warmth through my panting body as Mr Charles moved backwards and let his softening organ slip past my slippery buttocks. Cum slid down my inner thighs again, and Mr Charles wiped the final rivulets from his cockhead on my cheeks and lower back, bathing me in streaks of glistening ejaculate. He grabbed my neck suddenly and twisted my face around, then kissed me hard on the mouth, still slightly breathless from the exertion of our frantic sodomy. "Well done, sweet girl. You managed well. I'm proud of you."

I had heard that older men took longer to recover after spewing their load, but Mr Charles had far more energy and stamina than any boys my age I had encountered. He fucked me hard four more times that night, in my engorged pussy and in my puckered anus, and his supplies of slippery semen seemed endless. I eventually fell asleep some time before morning, stiff and sticky from thorough sexual usage but more infatuated with Mr Charles as ever.