 She was standing at the sink drying the dinner dishes, fantasizing about what she was going to do to her husband when he came home. She had put her son to bed early that night, with the hopes of getting in a nice, hot bath. So lost in her thoughts, she never heard the door open. 

Seeing her standing there in one of his old Army PT shirts and nothing else was a sight he had dreamed about for a long time. The shirt had been worn and washed so many times that the soft material just clung to her like a second skin. The A and the Y curved outward around her breasts and the hem stopped just at her ass. He just stood there, gazing at her, drinking in her beauty. She had long, golden blonde hair that she had piled on top of her head, and green eyes that he could just lose himself in. 

Over the years that they had been together, she had changed physically. After the birth of their son, she had a hard time losing the weight. It had left a mark on her mind. In his mind, she was still the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. But for a long time she wondered why he was still attracted to her. When he was still in the Army, he had been deployed for a long time to the Middle East, and while he was gone, she resolved to get herself back in shape as best she could, not just for her husband, but herself as well. She did, and the end result was her husband not being able to take his hands off of her. 

Not sensing anyone else in the room, she continued her task. As she finished, she backed away from the sink into something solid, something that was most definitely male. His arms went around her, one of his hands spanning the front of her neck, the other gripping her hip. Tilting her head to the side, he kissed her just below the ear, in the spot that makes her knees buckle every time. Her hands went to the edge of the counter to steady herself. There was no fear, she knew who it was. Instinctively she pressed her backside against him, feeling his erection pressing into her. 

"Did you miss me?" he breathed into her ear, lightly running his tongue along the edge of it. His hand slipped from her neck to grasp her left breast, the one he knew was the more sensitive of the two.

"You know I did,” she whispered. His fingers circled her nipple, making it harden to a point. Moaning, she pressed herself into him again, making him pinch her nipple, pulling on it lightly. The hand that had been on her hip was slowly working its way down to the hem of her shirt, and under it. Caressing her softly rounded stomach, he groaned, confirming his suspicions of her not wearing any panties. As his hand slid down, he found that she had shaved her mound. A new wave of lust shot through him as he slipped his fingers between her pussy lips, grinding himself into her ass. He barely touched her clit, circling it, teasing her, as his other hand kept working on her nipple. Kissing her neck, he slipped a finger inside her, causing her to jump. The wetness he found between her legs proved to him that she wanted him as badly, if not more than, he wanted her. 

Trying to turn in his arms, she felt him tighten his hold on her, his hand applying more pressure to her breast and sliding another finger into her pussy. Her legs were quickly turning to rubber, and she was using the counter to support her. " I need you,” she moaned. 

"Not yet. I want to tease you some more". The fingers inside her started moving, his thumb pressing on her clit. " I want you to come for me,” he said huskily. “NOW!” His hands worked their magic on her and she was cumming in seconds. 

“Ooohhh…god yeeesssss…..” she cried. Her knees buckled under her, causing him to remove his fingers from inside her to catch her before she fell. She took the opportunity to turn and face him, locking her lips on his. She wrapped her arms around his neck, molding her body to his. “I missed you so much” she said with tears forming in her eyes. His arms tightened around her, one hand sneaking up to pull the pins from her hair. As her hair fell, he ran his fingers through it, stroking it, soothing her. 

“Sshhh…I’m home now. I’m not leaving again” he murmured into her hair. As she calmed down, he started to lead her into their room. “I won’t be traveling anymore for work, babe”. He started grinning as he saw the smile light up her face. “I’m going to be around so much you’ll want to get rid of me.” 

“I’d never want to get rid of you. You can be my shadow and I wouldn’t complain.” She shut their bedroom door, leaning up against it with a very satisfied smile on her face. He stood next to the bed, wondering about the look that was on her face. Anytime he had seen it in the past, the night had been unforgettable. Hearing the lock click, he smiled, watching her as she moved towards him, her hips swaying suggestively. He saw her eyes darken to an emerald green as she laid her arms around his neck, claiming his mouth. Molding her body to his, she deepened her kiss, putting in it all the passion she had been keeping inside her since he left. His arms went around her, his tongue entering her mouth. She moaned into his mouth, as his hands slid down her back to rest on her ass, kneading it lightly. She slipped one of her hands down the front of him, slowly rubbing his chest, going lower and lower until she reached the fly of his jeans. Feeling the hardness beneath the cloth, she pressed her hand against it, drawing a gasp from him. Encouraged by the reaction, she unzipped his fly and snuck her hand inside, grasping him, this time causing his knees to buckle. Breaking the kiss, she removed her hand from his pants. She pulled his shirt up and off of him, then undid his belt and button, pushing his jeans down over his hips, pulling his boxers down with them. Yanking off his shoes, she tore the jeans off the rest of the way, pushing him back onto the bed. She straddled his lap, claiming his mouth again, her tongue entering his mouth forcefully. His hands went to her hips, his fingertips digging into her flesh. He lifted his hips up to hers, pressing his dick against her clit. She started rubbing herself against him, coating his dick with her wetness. 

Breaking the kiss, she asked, “What do you want?” 

“ I have what I want….you” he replied, as his hands went to the hem of her shirt, pulling it up over her head. Throwing the shirt across the room, he laid his hands on her breasts, kissing her neck. She wrapped her arms around him, just happy to be with him. Lost in the joys of being near her husband, she didn’t notice him moving his hands, cupping her breasts, kissing his way down from her neck. Lightly licking the top part of her breast, he squeezed both softly, making her gasp. He then slowly ran the tip of his tongue around her nipple, making the tip harden to a point, causing a shock to run through her body. She groaned, grinding herself on his lap, trying to ease the pressure building inside her. He pressed his hips up to hers, taking the nipple in his mouth, softly sucking and nibbling at it, while teasing the tip of the other breast with his fingertips. 

Wrapping his arms around her, he twisted his body, lifting her with him and laid her down on the bed. Laying himself down on top of her, he kissed her hard, burying his hands in her hair, his dick rubbing against her pussy. 

“Sweetie, I need you” she panted, raising her hips, trying to get him inside her. He chuckled, forced her hips down into the bed, and rolled off her. Groaning, she tried to climb on top of him, but he pressed her back, shaking his head at her.

“Not yet, babe. I’m not done with you yet.” He lay on his side, one arm tucked under her shoulders. His free hand skimmed down her body, coming to rest on her stomach. Looking into her green eyes, he realized how much he needed her. Hugging her close to him, he whispered, “I love you”, kissing her. Rolling up on her side, she moved her body as close to him as she could, feeling his hardness against her belly. His hand moved to her hip, sliding down her thigh, to pull her leg up over his hip. Their bodies straining against each other, their kiss deepened. His hand moved over her ass, gently kneading, but as the kissing intensified, the kneading became harder, causing her to moan. 

Breaking the kiss, he rolled her onto her back, his hand slipping between her legs, caressing her labia. He started kissing her neck, making his way back to her breast. As he reached the nipple, he slid a finger into her pussy, making her gasp and arch her back, pressing her breasts into his face. 

“Oh….my…god” she panted. He added another finger, and with his thumb on her clit, she was writhing on the bed. “I need you, hon…PLEASE!!!!” she begged. The pressure that was building inside her was growing, causing all thought to leave her. All that mattered was her husband and what he was doing to her. As his fingers worked their magic on her pussy, her own reached for her breast. Her fingers circled the tip, slowly pinching and pulling. Knowing that touching herself turned her husband on, she pulled her other arm out from under his shoulders and slid her hand down to join his on her clit. Groaning, he took his mouth off her breast and kissed her mouth, his tongue forcing its way in her mouth. 

“Will you tease me?” he asked, his voice thick with emotion. She nodded. He removed his hand from her pussy, drawing a little whimper from her and got on his knees. Moving up beside her head, he reached down, softly caressing her face. She stopped what she was doing and sat up. Motioning him over, she kneeled in front of him. She kissed his mouth softly, trailing kisses down his body, until she reached his dick. Lightly licking the tip, she wrapped one hand around it. As she exhaled on it, he gasped. Encouraged by the reaction, she took it in her mouth as far as she could, the tip touching the back of her throat. “Baby…I gotta sit down….” He said weakly. Not taking her mouth off of him, she moved with him until he was sitting. Slowly releasing his dick from her mouth, she put pressure on the underside with her tongue. Moaning, his buried his hands in her hair, pushing her head back down. Smiling around his cock, she moved her mouth up and down, his dick sliding in and out, occasionally stopping to lightly suck on the tip. 

He suddenly pulled her off of him, bringing her mouth to his, kissing her fiercely.

He pulled her onto his lap, and taking his dick in his hand, he entered her, slamming her down on his dick. 

“ Ohhhh…yeeesssss” she cried. He lifted her hips and slammed her down again. “Let me do it” she whispered huskily. He grinned at her and settled his hands on her hips as she started to move. Slowly, she moved her hips back and forth, stroking against him. Leaning back against the headboard, one of his hands went to rest on her clit. She looked down at him, her eyes glazed with lust. Every time he flicked his fingers over her clit it sent jolts through her body. Her hands went to her breasts as her hips rocked back and forth. His free hand left her hip, sliding up her back to rest in her hair. Lightly pulling it, he used his arm to pull her closer. She gripped the headboard as he thrust up into her, her hips pushing down on his. He tugged her hair harder, causing her to cry out, him knowing how much it excites her. He took his hand from her clit and gripped her hip again, helping her move faster. She tilted her hips forward, catching her clit on his pubic bone on every thrust. 

“Baby, I want to you cum for me” he rasped, lightly licking her collarbone. Using both hands, he urged her on, guiding her hips, forcing them to move faster. Feeling the pressure in himself, he was trying to hold back, waiting for her. “I’m getting close” he whispered.

Sparks were floating through her as her orgasm approached. “I’m gonna cum” she panted, moving up and down, his dick sliding in and out of her. Suddenly she exploded inside, cumming harder than she had in a long time. “ Ooohhh…I’m cumming” she cried.

Feeling her pussy clamp down on his dick, he thrust harder, his fingertips digging into her hips as he moved her. His orgasm hit just as hard, and calling out her name, he exploded inside her, waves of cum flowing out of his dick. The feeling of his cum hitting her insides triggered another small orgasm for her, making her shudder with pleasure. 

Their bodies heaving and covered with sweat, they wrapped their arms around each other, kissing softly. She climbed off of him, laying down against his side. He reached down and grabbed the sheet, covering them. Kissing her forehead, he murmured “I love you” into her hair, bringing a smile to her face. As she drifted off to sleep, she whispered that she loved him too, her head resting in the hollow of his shoulder, a spot she believed was made for her. His arms tightened around her as they both fell into a deep sleep.