 I marvelled at the luxury of the glamorous city-centre hotel where Mr Charles had told me to meet him the next evening. I shivered with nerves in the elevator and adjusted the short black dress I had worn with bare legs and high heels. In the elevator mirror I looked more like a scared teenager than the sexy grown-up lover I wanted Mr Charles to see in me. My heart was thumping when I left the elevator and knocked on his hotel room door.

"Good evening, my sweet girl. How are you? You look very beautiful." Mr Charles looked relaxed with his shirt sleeves rolled up, and he quickly drew me in for a soft warm kiss. With one strong hand in the small of my back and the other on my neck, he pulled me up into him so even in my high heels I was balancing on tip-toes. Still locked together in the doorway, I felt his hand clench at my back and gather up my dress so my whole peachy ass was exposed, my narrow black thong framing it rather than covering anything. The elevator had opened behind us again and the group of business men who came out could see everything. My middle-aged boss was passionately kissing me, while exposing my buttocks and underwear, and I was like putty in his hands as he caressed my ass cheeks and worked my thong down over my hips with one hand, while those strangers watched, until it dropped to the floor at my feet. He groped and pulled at my pliable cheeks and chuckled into my mouth as the onlookers stood there, fascinated.

With a laugh, Mr Charles finally spun round and pulled me into the room, shutting the door on the open-mouthed businessmen. The comfortable hotel suite was dominated by a large four-poster bed, but there was also a beautiful bay window looking out over the rooftops of the city. 

"I'm glad you got my message. My doctor said you were very compliant, well done. He sent over some photos of you as well." My face burned when I realised that Mr Charles had already seen my most private areas, spread open for the camera. At the same time, I knew it was part of our agreement that my body would always be available for him, whether in pictures or real life. 

"I... I wanted to obey your instructions." I hesitated, feeling unbearably self-conscious but also desperate to get closer to Mr Charles again. "I couldn't wait to see you again."

"I know, my sweet girl, and I feel the same, of course." With this, Mr Charles came closer, and, reaching behind me, unzipped my dress so that it pooled at my feet. I hadn't worn a bra to avoid visible straps, so now I was completely nude, and Mr Charles warm hands pawed at my tits and squeezed my young flesh. He kissed me again, and quickly stripped off his shirt, unzipped his pants, and kicked off his shoes. 

"I'm going to use your body now, sweet girl. I care about you and I'll make sure you feel good, but remember our agreement. You must do your best to please me in every way, okay?" I could feel Mr Charles' huge penis pressing into my flat belly, and I nodded, my slightly fearful expression betrayed by my stiff pierced nipples and hot, slippery inner thighs. Mr Charles lifted me and laid me down in the middle of the big bed, then settled himself above me and started to press his enormous erection between my legs. Instinctively I spread my legs wider and turned my head sideways as I felt the uncomfortable stretching sensation spread. Mr Charles took my head in both hands and straightened it so I was looking up at him.

"Look up at me while I penetrate you, my sweet girl. This is your purpose now, and you should be happy to serve it. Your body will open for me whenever I demand it and you should get used to offering it up willingly." He kissed my forehead, and my cheeks softly, then without warning thrust upwards and buried his long member deep into my small pussy. I gasped and clutched at Mr Charles' broad shoulders; I could feel the pulsing tip of his penis pressing against my cervix and I was amazed by the intense sensation of intercourse without a condom. Small trails of precum and my own arousal ran down my labia as Mr Charles forced my vagina open wider, and I could feel his sweaty, slippery flesh pushing all the way inside of me with every thrust. 

My labial lips were forced wide open and my legs were stretched as Mr Charles continued to thrust into me at a slow but regular pace. He kissed my face and my mouth and I could feel my pierced nipples grazing across his hairy chest. Suddenly he hitched my legs up onto his shoulders, bending me in half and tightening the grip of my pussy around his slimy shaft. On every smooth penetration, I felt Mr Charles' bulging organ press fully into the depths of my vagina, forcing me open wide and making me gasp breathlessly with the combined pain and pleasure. I let out increasingly high-pitched squeals as my boss continued to pummel into me, slick sexual juices gathering on my pussy and thighs and dripping onto the bed. 

Soon Mr Charles pulled out of me and roughly manipulated me onto my hands and knees. After a short pause I felt his penis pressing into my genitals again, and agonisingly slowly his bulbous cock head entered my vagina and pushed down towards my cervix. I could hardly contain my grunts of pleasure as Mr Charles penetrated me more deeply than ever before. He grabbed me by the tits and pulled me upright, clutching me tight to his chest so that I was bouncing on his cock as he knelt on the bed. In the large gilt-framed mirror opposite the bed I could see us, entwined together with my boss' large hands groping my little pink breasts and my labia stretched open obscenely around his slick purple penis. 

Sweat trickled down my neck as the speed of our mating increased until I was frantically jackhammering up and down on Mr Charles' enormous sexual organ. I was completely consumed by lust and the repeated invasion of my genitals, along with sharp tweaks of my nipple piercings, was driving me towards a delicious climax. As my insides clenched tight around Mr Charles' swollen erection, I groaned in ecstasy and felt my vaginal muscles ripple up and down his penis as I let my orgasm wash over me. 

"You're very responsive, my sweet girl. Well done. Now it's my turn to cum, inside your slick little pussy. Take my semen; take it into your body." With this, Mr Charles squeezed my torso even harder and stiffened, staying stock-still as copious volumes of ejaculate pulsed up his penis and sprayed into my grasping vaginal canal. I could do nothing but exist in my boss' tight embrace as his semen flooded into me, completely covering my inner walls with hot, slick cum. Mr Charles released such a huge volume of semen into me that soon it was spurting out of me and dripping down my soft thighs, his huge cock not quite adequate to plug my vagina and prevent it from leaking out. 

Although I was completely exhausted, after Mr Charles released me I lay back on the bed and as he watched I scooped his ejaculate out of my genitals and spread it over my nipples and lips. Leaning over, I carefully cleaned Mr Charles' penis using my mouth, gently sucking away remnants of gloopy semen and running my hot moist tongue over the curves of his enormous cock. I giggled and traces of cum gathered at the corners of my mouth when I grinned up at my boss.

"Excellent. Rest now, sweet girl. We have a lot more to do." I slumped back against the pillow, still leaking warm creamy semen from my stretched pussy, and soon fell asleep.