 "I'm not surprised," Nancy said with a stern look. "You were up late with Lizzie."

Lauren's mouth dropped open, and she was suddenly nearly ready to freak out.

"Yeah, she said the two of you had a nice chat," Nancy said.

Lauren shifted her eyes to Lizzie without moving her head. The other winked. Somewhat relieved, Lauren said, "Uh, yes we had a nice chat." She didn't know how forthcoming she should be.

"It's okay," Nancy said. "It's Saturday. We all have breakfast together on the weekend. Sit and join us." She seemed happier and friendlier this morning.

"Oh, thanks," Lauren said, still nervous about what Nancy might know. "But I really need to get going. I expected to have been on the road by now."

"Lizzie got up early to make a special omelet for you."

Lauren glanced at Lizzie, who returned a big smile and a wink.

"It does smell delicious," Lauren remarked, a little more at ease. She respectfully sat at the place that had been set for her.

"Coffee, milk, juice?" George asked.

"Oh, definitely coffee."

Lauren noticed that the others were already halfway through the meal, so she felt it was okay to start eating.

"So, obviously you slept well," Nancy noted.

"That bed is very comfortable."

"Then why not stay in it?"

"Excuse me?" Lauren said, not sure what the woman was referring to.

"Lizzie shared some of your concerns about moving to an unknown place," Nancy went on. "George and I discussed it and then we all talked it over. You have no family except for George, even though he is not technically a relation. He told us how close the two of you were. He also said he'd offered for you to live with us." She smiled. "We'd like to all extend that offer to you. We want you to stay with us. We want to become your new family."

So stunned was Lauren she dropped her fork and it clanged in her plate. Her eyes went wide, and her mouth hung open.

"Well, think about it," Nancy quipped lightheartedly.

The others all chuckled.

Finally speaking, Lauren said. "I don't know what to say."

"Say you'll at least think about it."

"I will. But now that the initial shock has worn off, I'm a bit confused because, while I truly appreciate your hospitality, I didn't really get a sense yesterday that . . ." Lauren was grasping for non-offensive words.

"No, we weren't . . . I wasn't as welcoming as I should have been," Nancy said. "I apologize for that. Your appearance was unexpected, and we don't get unexpected visitors here. That's no excuse. Please forgive me. I just had to resolve it in my own mind."

"I understand," Lauren said to be polite. "I should have called first. I do have to ask, since I am the daughter of George's ex-wife, will this be awkward for any of you to have me here? When George initially made the offer, awkwardness was my first reaction."

"There's no question it will be an adjustment for all of us, you included," Nancy admitted. "But it's one we're willing to make."

"Fair enough."

Silence ensued for a minute.

"We don't expect you to make a decision right here on the spot. You should take time to think about it. I would suggest you stay here as long as you like, get to know us, and let us get to know you, and when you decide, you'll already be here, or if you choose to move on, you can leave at that time. You've been traveling for many days, you could probably use some time to rest."

With a heavy sigh, Lauren said, "As a matter of fact, I could. And truthfully, as I told Lizzie, I was so anxious to leave New York for a warmer climate and San Diego sounded as good as anywhere, but, I'm not as certain."

"Well, then, this is perfect for you to reevaluate your plans."

Lauren thought for a second, then said, "I accept your offer to stay while I decide, but it's a two-way street. If after a few days you don't think I'm a good fit, please ask me to leave. Also, I'll only stay if I pull my weight and pay my way."

"I'm sure you'll fit just fine. And we all pull our weight, so that would be expected without saying. We'll talk later about paying your way."

* * *

Once she made the decision to hang around, Lauren become lazy. The weight of the last few weeks eased a bit. It appeared that the family took it easy on the weekends, so she didn't feel bad about hanging out in her room lying around.

It was a good thing she wasn't attempting to sleep because an hour later, Josh walked by and stood in the open doorway. "Hey."

Lauren looked up from her phone and smiled. "Hi." He was very handsome and muscular.

"For what it's worth, we really are happy to have you here. We rarely get visitors, so it's nice to have you."

"Oh, thanks. The longer I'm here, the happier I am I decided to stay."

"That's good. So, did you have a good time with Lizzie last night?"

Lauren tried to restrain the frown that wanted to form on her face. It was a strange question to ask. Did he know what they did? "I guess I had as good a time as you can have chatting with someone."

He grinned and nodded as though he was playing along. "I hope we have a chance to chat."

She shrugged. "I'm sure we will."

A while later, Marv was also passing by. He stopped and greeted Lauren. "All settled?"

"Yes. Just relaxing for the first time in a while." Marv was alike a younger version of Josh and almost as handsome.

He nodded. "Don't get mad, but I just want to tell you that I think you're hot."

"Why would you think I would get mad?"

"A lot of girls do."

"I don't mind being complimented."

"I'm the youngest and I tend to be ignored. I hope you don't ignore me."

Another odd statement, as was Josh's. "I'll try not to."

"Okay. Thanks. See you later."

"Yeah."

The parade of visitors continued not long after when George appeared. Unlike the brothers, whose bedrooms were further down the hall and could have been just passing by, George and Nancy's master suite was on the ground floor, so his visit was intentional.

"Thought I'd come up and check on you," he said by way of greeting.

"Just relaxing for the first time in a while," she repeated, having told Marv the same thing.

"Believe it or not, I'm really glad you came here." He stepped closer to the bed.

"I'm beginning to be happy I did also. What did it take for you to convince your wife?"

"I didn't have to," George revealed. "She asked me last night if I thought you came because you had changed your mind about staying with us. I told her I didn't know, and that she should ask you. Instead, she asked the kids how they would feel about it, and they were all in favor. So, she simply extended the offer."

Nodding her understanding, Lauren informed him, "I don't think I'm actually going to try to decide." To his frown, she added, "What I mean is, I think the experience of just my staying here a few days and getting to know all of you will decide for me."

"That makes sense. Don't force the decision, just let it come to you."

"Yes."

"Well, if you need or want anything, don't hesitate to ask," George told her.

"I will." She thought for a moment. "There is one thing I want to know. It's about Nancy. Do I have to watch out for her?"

"Watch out for her?" he asked with raised eyebrows. "I'm not sure what you mean."

"Quite honestly, and with all due respect, she really did not appear happy that I showed up on Friday. But this morning, it seemed she did an about face and was warm, friendly and quite accommodating. What will she be tomorrow?"

"I think as she said this morning, this is going to be a big adjustment for all of us, particularly if you stay. I think there will be some differences when your New York ways meet their California ways, and there may be some clashes, but you and I had no trouble getting along, and I haven't had any problems getting along with Nancy, Josh, Lizzie or Marv, so I think it will all work out."

"Okay. I'll try my best."

"I know you will. Saturday nights we just grill burgers. I'll be starting in a little bit if you'd like to come help."

"Of course."

* * *

Dinner was a relaxed and pleasant gathering outside on the patio. Lauren felt a warmth and togetherness she had never before experienced. She and her mother had always gotten along and usually had dinner together, and even during the brief time George had been around, there was not this congeniality that there was tonight. And something made Lauren believe that they weren't just putting on for her benefit, that this was genuine. It felt like what a real family meal should be.

After the meal, they all relaxed on the patio. Lizzie and Marv went for a swim in the backyard pool. They invited Lauren to join them, but growing up in Manhattan, there weren't many opportunities to swim, so she was not always comfortable in any more water than a bathtub.

They all, seemingly except Nancy, wanted to know about New York City. Aware of Nancy's distaste for big cities, Lauren played down the excitement of the Big Apple. She made it sound like a crowded city of people living on top of one another, not owning a vehicle, having to walk many places or rely on public transportation, and living in small apartments. She said the only thing she would miss were Broadway musicals.

It ended with Josh remarking, "Then this is going to be a big change for you, a real culture shock."

"Change, yes," Lauren agreed. "But culture shock, I don't think so. When you're ready for a change, it's much easier to make."

It was getting dark, so they gradually migrated back inside, and one by one, to their rooms. Lauren got ready for bed, though because she had relaxed all day, she wasn't tired for a change. She pulled out her iPad and surfed the Internet for a while, looking for nothing in particular.

As is got later, she half expected Lizzie to pay her a visit, and didn't know whether to be excited to have some sort of sex with a woman. It had certainly been arousing last night, not to mention the great orgasm she'd had. She wondered if the thrill had been because it had been so long for her and this had been something new and unexpected, and was she really open to embarking on a different sexual adventure.

After a while, Lauren actually found herself becoming disappointed that Lizzie had not appeared, but she wasn't sure if she simply wanted the company or needed the sex. Convincing herself it was really the former, she eased out of bed and headed for her bedroom door. A peek into the hallway revealed that it was clear, and a glance downstairs showed it was dark.

Tiptoeing down the hall to the next door, she found it closed, but not completely set in the door jam. Was that Lizzie's invitation? Was she hoping that Lauren would visit her? Assuming so, Lauren did not knock, instead quietly pushing the door ajar just enough to see in. Whispered talking prevented her from going in. Opening the door, a small amount more to see, a faint glow dimly illuminated the head of the bed. It appeared to be coming from an iPad.

As Lauren's eyes adjusted to the darkness, she could now see that there were two people in the bed, although she couldn't tell who the other person was. Glancing back down the hallway, she noted that the door to Marv's room, which was next to the bathroom on the other side of the hall was only closed as much as Lizzie's had been. Josh's door was completely shut. Quickly walking to Marv's room, she risked a look inside and found his bed empty.

Back at Lizzie's door, she heard Lizzie whisper, "This guy really knows how to fuck. Pay attention and learn, Marv."

They were watching porn, Lauren quickly realized. Sister and brother spooning while watching fuck films together. Interesting.

A few seconds later, Lauren heard, "This is my favorite part. See how he shoves it in all the way, then pulls it out and rubs the length on her pussy?"

"Yeah, that's hot. You're rubbing your pussy now, aren't you? Let me smell your fingers."

Lauren could see vague movement as Lizzie extended her arm behind her. She could hear Marv inhale. "Mmmm. Delicious."

Lizzie giggled.

"Can I lick them?" Marv asked.

"Of course."

Lauren could vaguely see Marv slowly slide her fingers between his lips and stick out his tongue as though he was licking icing off.

Again giggling, Lizzie said, "That tickles."

Marv's tongue action became more sensual.

"Mmmm, that actually feels good."

"Stick your fingers in your pussy and give me another taste." The movement suggested she did before feeding her fingers back to her brother. "You really taste good."

"Mmmm-hmmm."

Lauren saw the covers being thrown down. Marv then crawled down and yanked Lizzie's panties off. She did not resist but actually assisted by lifting her rear. Her brother than squirmed between her legs and started munching on her pussy.

Lauren could hear slurping. She was becoming too aroused to consider the fact that this was brother going down on sister.

"Oh, yeah," Lizzie moaned. "Just like that."

Marv halted his tongue action and kissed up and down each thigh and her pussy before going back to licking. Lizzie threw her head back on the pillow to enjoy her brother's oral attention. She stopped the video on the iPad and set it on the night table.

"Take off your pants," Lizzie commanded.

Marv was quick to comply. Kneeling in position, he rubbed the tip of his dick up and down her pussy, separating her labia, and then slowly slid it in all the way.

"Mmmm," Lizzie moaned.

Marv lifted off his t-shirt, and then bent over supporting his upper body on one arm while using his free hand to play with her tits.

Watching what was going on was breathtaking, both because it was really hot, and that it was brother and sister. Lauren didn't know why but the fact that they were siblings made it extremely erotic. Her hand went down to rub her pussy through her panties. So enthralled was she that she didn't hear someone step up behind her. She felt the warm breath on her neck.

"They're really hot, aren't they?" the voice whispered.

Turning slightly, she knew before looking that it was Josh. He was standing very close behind her and she could feel the heat from his body.

Back inside the room, Marv pressed his lips to Lizzie's in a passionate kiss.

"I love to watch them fuck," he whispered.

She felt Josh's arm go around her right side. Then his hand covered hers over her pubic mound. With that, his body pressed against hers and she felt his cock touching her rear. It felt really hard and really big. It was actually nice to be embraced by a man. She let out a soft sigh.

"Should I stop?" he asked, again in a whisper.

So polite, Lauren thought. "No."

There were a lot of "Oohs" and "Ahs" as the siblings stepped up their action.

Josh wormed his other hand under her left arm and gently caressed her breast. When his finger touched her nipple, she whimpered and leaned against him.

His right hand then moved off hers. Very slowly, as though testing her, his palm slid under hers. He paused a second before his fingers squeezed under the waistband of her panties.

She moaned when he made contact with her clit.

"Shhh."

Lizzie grabbed her brother's ass to make him fuck harder.

The combination of Josh's hands on her body and his penis against her ass had Lauren melting. Desperately, she reached behind her, felt her way to the elastic of whatever type of pants he had on and shoved her hand in. She grabbed his hard cock tightly and jerked him.

Now, it was his turn to let out a quiet moan. With that, he stepped up his fingers on her pussy, sliding his middle finger in her hole while thumbing her clit. Lauren's legs were becoming weak.

Marv was really plowing his sister now, and the sound of intermittent kissing could be heard.

Josh was leaking pre-cum, so Lauren used it to lubricate his shaft.

In the room, the siblings changed positions with Lizzie now on top. Even in the dim light, Marv's rapid up-thrusting could be seen accompanied by the sound of skin slapping skin.

Lauren's hand was flying up and down Josh's cock. He turned to the side slightly to give her a better angle.

Now, Lizzie was fucking Marv. He merely laid there as she bounced on him. The mattress responded with its own noise.

When Lauren saw Marv's cock explode and him unload his wad into Lizzie's pussy, she couldn't hold out and came hard on Josh's fingers, relying on him to help hold her up.

"Look at the cum dripping out of her," Josh whispered excitedly.

"Mmm-hmm."

And with that, Josh fired off a barrage of semen all over Lauren's hand wrist and inside his shorts.

A few seconds later, they heard Lizzie tell Marv, "Go get me a towel."

Lauren quickly extracted her hand, rubbing it all over Josh's boxers to clean as much of his cum off her as she could, and then darted down to her own room. She glimpsed Josh jogging back to his room as she entered hers, just as Marv stepped into the hall over to the bathroom. He hadn't dressed, and in the dim light, she could see his semi-hard cock glistening with a coating of his jism and Lizzie's secretions.

It was this vision and her memory of Josh's cock in her hand that she dreamt of all night.

* * *

After another wonderful night's sleep prefaced by another unusual but oddly quite enjoyable orgasm, Lauren woke up early, having rested so much the day before. Recalling that the family had breakfast together on weekends, she arose and headed to the bathroom in order to be downstairs helping prepare the morning meal.

While in the shower, there was a knock on the door. "Yes," Lauren answered, pulling the shower curtain aside.

"I've really got to pee," Marv said. "Do you mind? The shower curtain is not see-through."

"Sure, come on."

Lauren resumed showering, but the sound of him urinating, prompted her to want a peak, so she drew the curtain aside as slightly as possible not to be detected. Even soft, he was a good size. It had been hard to tell while watching last night in the dim light, but now she could imagine that he was almost as big as his brother.

With her attention focused on his cock, she was startled when he spoke, and had to instantly shift her eyes to make sure she hadn't been caught looking. She hadn't.

As he was tucking himself away, he asked, "Did you and Josh have a good chat last night?"

"What?"

"Josh said you and he had a nice talk."

"Oh, uh, yeah, it was nice."

"I know you were watching," Marv said.

"What? What are you talking about?"

"It's okay. It was actually a turn-on knowing you were watching," Marv admitted. "Made me really come hard."

Lauren was appalled that she'd been caught and was too horrified to say anything.

"I'm sorry," Marv offered taking her silence as embarrassment. "I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable. I'll go and let you finish."

A second later, Lauren heard the door close. She hurriedly finished, went quickly through the rest of her morning bathroom routine and couldn't wait to get back to her room. While dressing, her inclination was to avoid breakfast and further embarrassment.

Then, there was a knock. Rolling her eyes, Lauren said, "Yes?"

"It's Lizzie. Can I come in?"

Oh, shit, Lauren thought. If Marv knew, Lizzie probably did also. Hell, she couldn't avoid them forever. "Sure," she said resignedly.

Lizzie had a grin on her face. "So, I just talked to Marv."

"Oh, shit."

"Did he embarrass you? He's a good guy, but he doesn't always think before he talks," Lizzie said. She could see Lauren was bothered, so she went on. "If you haven't figured it out yet, me and Josh and Marv are very sexual people. Remember when I said it's lonely out here but my brothers and I find ways to entertain ourselves?"

"So, that's what you meant?"
