 “But you cheated last time!” her voice rose on the word cheated, almost assuming a little girl whine, he half expected the accompanying stomped foot and “It’s not FAIR”!

“You agreed to the rules. No renegotiating until we’ve both had a turn. It’s like a board game – you can’t change the rules in the middle of a game!”

A look of apprehension crossed her face. Instantly, he was at her side, pulling her into his arms. “Darling, if you’re not comfortable we don’t have to play.”

With mock anger she pushed him away – or more accurately given their respective sizes, she pushed herself away from him. “You are NOT going to deprive me of my enjoyment of your turn!”

Dramatically she extended her arms in front of her, palm down with the wrists crossed. “Now tie me you wretch.”

They played many variations of this game. They needed no games. Even after years of domestic harmony and frequent lovemaking as well as quick and dirty fucking when the occasion and mood demanded, he still made her heart beat faster with just a glance. He got a soft adoring look on his face and tone in his voice when she called him at work – a fact about which his guys mercilessly teased. She introduced him as “My husband” more frequently than truly called for simply because she loved the sound of that phrase in regard to this man.

They both enjoyed the games, though - - the liberty of perfect trust without inhibition. Their love a tangible presence that others frequently noted with a sweet smile or Disney-worthy comment. 

So, with arms outstretched, her weight canted on one hip in saucy defiance despite her casual birthday-suit attire. He had insisted that they dress alike – ordinarily a silly sappy couple custom…but in this case quite apropos. 

“Keep your arms out if you wish – but that isn’t the first surprise.”

At the husky almost-whispery tone, her nipples responded with alacrity – tightening to rounded buds that cried out for his lips. He valiantly resisted the temptation and walked around her, temporarily ignoring his near-full erection, his penis having come to attention at the precise moment that his mind registered those beautiful big nipples in the middle of her perfect small breasts…just the right size for his hand to encompass…for his mouth to devour…shaking off the distraction, he drew a black silk cloth around her neck…pausing for a moment to tease with the sliding silk on her sensitive neck and that place where her hairline ended and her neck began…winding the cloth around and tying it securely to form a blindfold.

Her hair was still up from her work day – a reverse French braid that had begun to unravel, leaving little strands surrounding her beautiful face that now had begun to flush with anticipation of pleasure.

“Not too tight, is it?” His tone was lightly mocking although the question was real – he would die before he caused her a second of discomfort. Their games never got out of hand – always poised gracefully on that edge that they both enjoyed so well…laughingly dissolving into each other and the sanctity of their eternal bond when they had attempted games that did not suit them.

She shook her head and he crossed back to her front side…admiring those lovely breasts that were starting to lose that full tightness…he reached out and tweaked both nipples simultaneously – her gasp of surprise accompanying the abrupt re-tightening of those buds and, he was sure, a rush of moisture to her pussy. That he would sample later, but for now…He wound another length of silk around her wrists, knotting them on top of several layers to ensure that she would bear no mark from these mild restraints. 

Without a word, he led her over to the wall of their bedroom, firmly turning her so that her naked derriere was against the wall. He extended her arms straight above her head. A third strand of silk was used to loosely secure her bound wrists to a hook, previously installed at the appropriate height.

“I KNEW that wasn’t a hook for a plant!” He ignored her muttered comment and retreated a few feet from her, backing up so that he could fully admire his handiwork.

She stood before him – a fantasy – a vision. All pale skin contrasted by dark hair at the apex of her legs and on her head…black silk blindfold and wrist bind - - her hands suspended with enough slack so that her elbows were slightly bent but the positioning was comfortable.

His cock bounced slightly – nodding its agreement with its owner’s admiration of his captive bride. He turned his back for only a moment – retrieving a small hand-held battery-operated vibrator. This he held in his left hand. His right retrieved a slightly melted ice-cube from a strategically-placed glass. These implements and those supplied by his body and imagination would be his tools.

She felt him approach and could not resist her body’s attempt to lean toward him – having to reposition her feet to keep from stumbling or bowing out into an arch – yearning for his touch. She gasped when the ice caressed her left nipple – swirling around in four or five complete revolutions before he removed it and replaced it with his hot mouth…sucking light with growing suction until the sucking was not sufficient and his teeth joined in a light bite – never to hurt – just an emphasis – a counter-point to the pleasure brought from his tender attention. 

He had carefully kept his other hand back out of touch. Knowing that she would expect similar treatment to her other breast, he turned on the vibrator and touched the tip of her right nipple with the vibrating end. She emitted a low groan…moving her hips involuntarily as the combination of sensation and surprise multiplied and transformed her to a creature of pure lust…Abandoning the torture of her nipple he slowly traveled the vibrator down her side…circling her belly-button and tracing the bottom edge of the boundary between her legs. 

As he knew she would, she moaned and spread her legs – trying to tilt her pelvis for him to more easily access her wet waiting entrance.

Ignoring this mute but unmistakable plea he stepped back and waited one beat. In one motion, he extended his ice-bearing hand and stroked in a frontwards motion from the groove of her anus to her clitoris, pausing there slightly – her gasp having taken on a new quality. Her knees nearly buckled and he almost relented but the prize was nearly within reach…

He lay his body against hers – his cock a promise against her body – not yet inserted in its accustomed home, but pulsing with the desire to be sheathed there in that warm grasping orifice. Hands against the wall, he leaned in to whisper in her ear. “Stay standing up straight or you shall have to be punished for your disobedience.”

Since he was positioned so nicely, he nipped and sucked at her neck – using the combination of light tongue stroke and hard almost bruising suction that nearly undid her – hastening the pace of her breathing to the point that he schooled himself to wait a full count of 10 – wanting her hot and desperate but not so volatile that she would pop into orgasm at his first taste. 

Kneeling before her he abandoned the vibrator on the floor – turned off – probably unnecessary for the completion of this particular game. The ice still half-formed, he used it and the fingers surrounding it to rub teasingly along her very wet pussy knuckles up – teasing her with no insertion – the alternating cold ice and warmer flesh triggering another knee bend and restless movement of her hips, as though she was uncertain which direction would give greater penetration and accompanying release…

He teased her with the ice – sometimes extending ice only to rub her clitoris, sometimes ice-and-finger, but never penetrating past the first knuckle. As the ice melted completely away he continued his light finger stroking. His own arms were now trembling – his body taut with desire. Bracing on both sides of her he pushed close enough to run his tongue around her clitoris – rewarded by loud response – a moan rising to almost a squeal. 

Her eyes blinded, arms extended almost painfully but just on the pleasure side of that line – the indescribable sensations that he wrought in her body were exquisite torture. Her nipples tightened at merely the remembered sensation of icy wetness followed by his greedy mouth…the vibrator a different sensation entirely…tantalizing…

Her clitoris engorged to an almost unbearable tightness to the touch of his fingers…the ice…his fingers….Oh, God! His tongue caressed her clit and she felt the pleasure nearly overwhelm her…God - - take me NOW! But she remained as silent as she could, which of course was not silent at all but included no words…no pleas…still – he withdrew his teasing tongue. He removed himself totally from her body and she felt his hands untying her wrists from their confining hook.

‘Oh goody – now we get to fuck!’ Simplistic thoughts seemed to be the height of her capacity at the moment.

He led her over to the bed and gently but firmly pushed her against it – face down – arms still bound but now roughly clasped over her head. Her hips against the edge of the bed – legs slightly spread until he used his own foot to push them further apart.

Lightly caressing her right butt cheek he almost crooned. “You were very disobedient.”

Her body had a moment to interpret those words before his extended hand came down in a sharp spank on her cheek. Another caressing touch on the other cheek – this one more lingering and finished with a finger slide up from her pussy edge through the space between the globes of her ass cheeks…a hesitation just to make sure that she couldn’t fully anticipate the spank and then the other cheek too was smacked soundly. She could feel her body tighten – excitement almost too much to stand – cheeks feeling hot but never as hot as the inferno she felt in her vibrating pussy.

He indulged them both in three more swats - - drawing closer to her pussy with each and lingering longer on the stroking in between. Finally, pulling her cheeks apart he pushed only the tip of one finger inside her pussy - - following immediately with his cock head - - getting the angle just exactly right and then with one savage stroke he joined them – his cock fully embedded in her pussy – her scream unchecked as her body instantly tightened around him. 

His control almost gone at the feel of her surrounding him – he withdrew only far enough to give them both the satisfaction of a thorough thrust as he once again found the end of her. This time, between his ever-more-rapid strokes he gave a lighter spank on alternating cheeks - - this interfered with his rhythm and he abandoned the mock-punishment in favor of slapping flesh merely from the pace and strength of his cock thrusting into her eager and welcoming pussy. In an almost operatic scale - - rising vocally from low to almost a scream, she tightened spasmodically around him…catapulting over into an orgasm of such strength and duration that he had to think of accounting formulas and paper recycling in order to hold somewhat still. 

Knowing her body as he did, he gave her a few beats to pass from full orgasm to the after-shocks that could extend for minutes. He withdrew almost fully from her and then changed his angle slightly so that he entered again with exquisite slowness – with each withdrawal he changed angles until he had formed an entirely new rhythm - - catching her again as her body began enjoying this new dance…

In a few minutes she was straining back against him - - urgently begging with her body for him to bring them both that blessed release…she felt him grow even harder within her…his pace faltering and his grip on her hips tightening to that pleasure/pain point…with almost a yell, he released within her and she joined him…both of them lost in a world that held only each other…falling together with a timeless moment of sensation…

Minutes later he tenderly unbound his captive princess. She looked at him with eyes overflowing love and adoration and trust. Entwining their bodies as closely as they could, they retreated under the covers of their marriage bed. Her eyes overflowing just a bit – a phenomenon that had once worried him but that he now recognized as an acknowledgement of feelings too powerful and profound for words. He laid his lips in her now almost fully unbound hair and they fell into sleep together.