 I was at home alone that evening when an unknown number rang my phone. I answered it tentatively.

"Good evening, this is Mr Charles' driver. He has asked me to pass a message on to you: he will be dropping by briefly within half an hour with two work colleagues to whom he would like to introduce you. They are en route to a business dinner event but are running ahead of schedule. Mr Charles requests that you wear minimal clothing and that you lubricate your anus in advance. Do you have any questions?"

"No," I whispered, my mouth dry and my heart racing. I jumped in the shower and shaved my pussy extra smooth, then squeezed copious lubricant directly into my rectum. The anal lubricant, in a bottle with a special easier pointed nozzle for anal injection, had been left in plain sight on my desk at work the day before. I massaged more lube around my small, tight anus, and rubbed warm scented oil into my breasts and over my skin. I pulled on a short, sheer nightgown, and due to my height it only skimmed my hips and left my pink labia on show. My nipple piercings had previously ripped the fine white lace so my nipples were left exposed through the resulting holes, and I pinched them slightly to ensure they were prominent enough to emerge through the nightgown, then settled myself nervously against a side table by the front door.

When Mr Charles let himself in with his own key, he whistled as he held the door open for two more middle-aged men. The way I had arranged myself, my labia were slightly splayed and the men could see my nipples through the ripped nightgown but also most of my pussy as it was spread open for them. I blushed furiously but stayed still until Mr Charles pulled me by the arm towards my bedroom and called to his companions to take a seat on the couch for a few minutes. In fact we never got as far as my bedroom: Mr Charles spun me round so I was bent face-first over a bookcase in the hall, quickly unzipped his pants and slowly but surely eased his large erect organ directly into my rectum. Regular anal sex had loosened my anal muscles enough that he could penetrate me immediately: all this had happened within about 90 seconds of Mr Charles' arrival. 

I groaned softly as I felt my young anus being opened and filled. I was so wrapped up in the pleasurable fullness that I did not realise the door to the sitting room was still open, and both Mr Charles' business associates, now sitting on the sofa, had a perfect side-on view of what Mr Charles was doing to his twenty-year-old secretary in the hall. As he leaned slowly backwards, the two men could see my boss's cock, glossy from the lubricant I had injected earlier, slowly pull out of my anus then drive quickly back in. Mr Charles had focused on the depth of penetration from our very first attempt at anal sex, and he still prioritised filling my anal passage to its depths over thrusting into me particularly quickly. Looking down, he pawed at my soft ass cheeks and held them apart as he watched his swollen organ invading my fleshy ass. I let out a high-pitched whine as I felt Mr Charles' cock reach the very bottom of my rectum and his bulging testicles press into my soft smooth labia. 

"You are so beautiful my sweet girl, and I am so proud of you. I couldn't resist your little anus tonight but that's not why I have come. I promise I will look after you." Mr Charles grasped my chin gently, turning my neck and kissing my face and my lips. As his tongue entered my soft mouth I moaned gently and kissed him back, my rectum stretched and my nipples pleasurably taut. Then Mr Charles resumed his rhythm of thrusting as we kissed, my body twisted to allow him access to my anus and my mouth simultaneously as we stood leaning against the bookshelf. Just as I was feeling the stirrings of an orgasm, Mr Charles grabbed me tight and squirted hot cum into my rectum quite forcefully. I could feel the warm ejaculate splattering inside me and Mr Charles' large sex organ twitching and spasming as it propelled more semen into my hole. He continued to hold me still and kiss my neck until his penis slipped out of my anus and warm ejaculate began to trickle down my legs. 

"Well done, my girl. Very satisfying and compliant." Only as I straightened up and tidied my hair did I realise the two other men had been watching the whole time. I gasped and, blushing furiously, moved to hide myself behind Mr Charles, but had already glimpsed their open-mouthed expressions and erections pressing through their pants.

"Surely you haven't forgotten our agreement already, sweet girl? These are my associates and I have told them all about your lovely young body and how eager you are to please older men." He took my hand and led me through to the living room, which also had a large dining table on the far side. I kept my eyes on the floor but I was secretly pleased that Mr Charles had been telling other people how satisfied he was by me. I allowed him to lead me to the table, then looked up at him, confused. 

"Climb up on here, sweet girl. Let these men take a proper look at you." I didn't understand why the table was necessary but I sat up on it and allowed Mr Charles to push me down by the shoulders until I was flat on my back, with my head dangling over one side and my legs dangling over the other.

"You should decide who wants what now," Mr Charles said to his business associates, who were now standing around the table looking down at me. The nightgown I had put on half an hour ago was gathered around my waist, fully exposing my bare pink pussy, and my nipples still poked through holes in the sheer material. As my head was dangling upside down, I could not see the looks exchanged between Mr Charles and the other two men before I heard two zips slide down and was faced with the erect penis of an unknown middle-aged man in close proximity. Mr Charles had taken a seat at the table near my head, his hand still pressing firmly down on my shoulder, and he gently stroked my face before turning it towards the other man's cock.

"Accept this penis into your soft mouth now, sweet girl. You would do that for me, wouldn't you?" I tried to shake my head and move away but now the other man took hold of my head too. As the stranger's penis moved closer to my face, Mr Charles gently pushed a finger past my lips and hooked my mouth open for the penis to slide in. 

"Good girl, sweet girl. You are doing so well. I am so pleased with your obedient behaviour. Keep your eyes open and look up at me, please." Mr Charles looked down at me and stroked my hair and my face as the stranger thrust his cock into my mouth at an increasing pace. Just then I jumped and jolted almost upright as I felt pressure against my small smooth pussy.

"Yes, go on and penetrate her, she'll be fine in a minute," said Mr Charles to his other business associate on the other side of the table. "No condoms, sweet girl, because these are my friends and they deserve to feel your young body properly, don't they. Spread your legs a little to allow him easier access, please."

As one man's penis slid back into my mouth and pressed its way down my throat, I automatically opened my legs and allowed another man's bare cock to inch into my soft pussy. The feeling of bare skin pressed into me was still strange and I struggled to remain still as I was penetrated increasingly deeply at both ends of the table.

"Christ, Charles, she's really tight. What age is she again?" asked the stranger whose erect cock was lodged tightly inside my vagina. I could feel his hairy thighs press against me as he thrust in and out, his average-sized cock feeling increasingly good inside my slippery little hole. My anus was still stretched and slimy from Mr Charles' ministrations and my unfulfilled orgasm from that encounter was reappearing now. 

"Just turned twenty, didn't you my sweet girl," he said, looking down at my stretched face, which was beginning to shine with sweat, drool and precum as the first man approached his climax. 

"So that's why you're never available for a lunchtime meeting any more, then - you've found a twenty year old who takes it in all three holes!" The stranger whooped with laughter but there was a strain in his voice borne out in increasingly desperate thrusts of his penis into my tight vaginal canal. For the first time, the rhythm with which these two men were shoving their penises into my body was synchronised: every sharp thrust into my pussy pushed my convulsing throat farther along the second man's veiny shaft, and when he pressed his organ most deeply down my gullet, my pussy was jammed forcibly onto the penis at the other end. As the pace increased frantically I grunted and drooled, my little tits jiggling in time. 

"Go ahead and spunk inside her, boys. She needs to get used to it, really." Before Mr Charles had finished his sentence I felt hot semen jet into my pussy. There was only a small amount compared to what Mr Charles regularly deposited inside my genitals, but in the circumstances and as Mr Charles tugged my nipple piercings with one hand, it was enough for me to orgasm briefly. Straight afterwards, the other man held my face with both hands and poured his semen into my throat and mouth, withdrawing quickly to streak a trail of gooey cum across my lips and chin. Mr Charles kept his hand gently under my chin, holding my mouth closed while I gulped down his associate's salty ejaculation.