 He has one of the sexiest phone voices I know. It's soft, melodic and just deep enough to be masculine without being to low to hear. When he talks there is a slight melody to his voice. You can tell by the way he talks that he either sings often to his children, in a group or just aloud. He must be a baritone or low tenor.

How do I know this? That's easy. I have to talk to him almost every day on the phone. He and I work as professionals in the same company but in different cities. We're working on a major project together and it requires our constant coordination. Because he likes to brainstorm out loud and I am willing to listen, we can be on the phone at times for close to or over an hour. So, it's not unusual for him to start off talking about work or the project and end up talking about family and friends. Sometimes the topic is sex. And oh, how I love those conversations.

I wish I could say it's the sex talk that turns me on the most. To listen to him mentioning somebody who turns him on or listening to him talk about past experiences, but I'd be lying. The truth of the matter is when he starts droning on about how we are going to complete the next task and he is getting into the finer, more obscure details of work. I'll close my eyes, because I distract easily. I'll tell myself that I'm trying to focus on what he's referring to; picturing the items he's discussing. 

As he continues to discover and brainstorm all the ideas he has in his head, my mind will start to wander on its own. At first, I might think about some little tune that he may have been humming the last time we talked. Or I'll think about his deep throaty laugh whenever we crack jokes. Eventually, I'll start thinking about other sounds that he might make. I start to wonder what kind of moans or gasps he makes when someone is going down on him. And in my mind's eye, that person is me.

Will he run his hands through my hair and tell me how much he likes what I'm doing to him? Is he the kind of man who gives gentle hints of encouragement and direction, praising me all along? I'll picture what he must sound like as I slowly, teasingly, take him into my mouth and work some delicate tongue action around the head of his cock. I picture myself on the floor of his office, running my hands up and down his jeans. Feeling his thighs and then messaging my way up to his button fly. There I'll pull in one motion, all his buttons off quickly. I'll start by pulling out his semi hard cock and lovingly stroking it up and down. I'll use my fingertips to gently message his manhood to a full erection. 

Then, I'll begin servicing him with a flick of my tongue along his cock. Slowly, I'll kiss up and down his shaft and then lightly suck in his head. Then, I'll change speed and rapidly deep throat him. I'll let my tongue play with the deep vein that runs under his prick. I'll vary my speed starting with a nice even four by four beat, followed by a very rapid pace; and finishing with a long and slow hum in my throat. I'll be in control, all the while, he'll have a deep constant moan in the back of his throat. He'll be whispering words of encouragement to me; begging me to continue what I've started. 

Or maybe is he the kind of man who will grab on to my face with both hands, guiding my mouth, forcing me to take him all in at once. He'll use the ponytail I have as a sort of controller for his use. He'll roughly pull on my hair when he wants me to pull back only to visibly force my mouth back on him again. As my imagination continues to explore, I'll almost feel him scraping the back of my tonsils. My mouth begins to water in anticipation. He'll force his cock down my throat; fucking my face like some cheap whore. He will continually grunt, bruising my lips and making my jaws ache. I'll start to taste that bitter, salty flavor in the back of my throat as the precum leaks from his prick. He'll continually be degrading me in a deeper than normal voice; telling me what a slut I am.

"SO? What do you think? You haven't given me a lot of input." 

I'll wake out of the trance I'm in and make some reference to the last idea I remember him talking about. Then I'll give the excuse of having to go to the ladies room because we've been on the phone for a while. 

I won't tell him that I have to go try to clean up the wet stain that's begun on my panties.