 He awoke slowly to the sound of running water. Instinctively, reaching without opening his eyes, he felt for her across the bed. Her side of the bed was empty but he could still feel the warmth of the sheets indicating she had not been gone long. Turning over he opened his eyes to the dim morning light and looked around the room. His eyes stopped when he looked into the bathroom. She was already in the shower.

She stood under the warm spray of water. He watched through the clear shower curtain as water cascaded down her body making it appear shiny in the light. Her eyes were closed as she leaned her head back letting the water wet her hair. He saw her nipples stand pert on her taut breasts with her arms raised over her head. Bending she picked up a bottle and pour something into her hand. Raising her hands back to her hair he realized it was shampoo.

She slowly messaged the shampoo into her hair forming a rich soapy lather. Her eyes remained closed making her unaware of the cobalt blue eyes from the other room observing her morning shower. He continued watching as the lather from the shampoo slowly slid down her shoulders and toward her breasts. Where the water aided in rinsing it in a soapy trail down the valley of her breasts and over her flat belly. 

While watching he felt the familiar ache begin in his cock. His right hand sought out and began stroking his growing hard on without conscious effort on his part. He continued to watch as she stepped back into the spray of water to rinse the shampoo from her hair. He imagined what it would feel like to step into the shower with her and feel her soap slick body move against his. Instantly his cock became rock hard as that thought traveled through his brain. He flipped the sheet back, swung his legs over the edge of the bed to stand. His right hand still held his hard cock as he slowly walked into the bathroom. 

Quietly he held the shower curtain aside and stepped into the large garden tub behind her. As she turned around she opened her eyes and was at first startled to see him.

"Oh!" she gasped then shyly smiled at him. "I'm sorry if I woke you with the water." She said.

"Not at all," he reassured her. "I wouldn't have missed this for anything," he smiled as he stepped closer to her taking her in his arms, feeling her warm wet body press against his. He brought his mouth down on hers for a long and passionate kiss. Their tongues touching, rubbing, tasting the inside of each other's mouths in turn. Putting her arms around his neck, she pressed closer to him. She could feel his hard cock pressing against her lower belly. 

Breaking the kiss he stepped back, reached down and picked up the bottle of scented body wash. Pouring some into the palm of her hand, he then poured some into his own hand and set the bottle back down. Without breaking eye contact with her, he rubbed his hands together quickly turning the liquid into a creamy lather. 

Starting with her neck he ran his hands over her skin, his fingers massaging as they moved. Down her shoulders and her arms. "Turn around," he told her. She turned her back to him feeling his hands move down her back, rubbing and massaging, the lather making his hands slide over her skin. His hands slipped under her arms to reach around and cup her breasts in his hands. He loved the fullness and the weight of them in his palms. He let his fingers slide over her nipples. Stopping only long enough to tease them into erectness.

While she enjoyed the sensations his hands were making her feel, she unconsciously began to form a creamy lather in her own hands with the body wash. She turned again in his arms, placing her hands on his chest to spread the lather over his skin much as he had done for her. His hands on her back pulled her against his chest. Their bodies slick with soap felt slippery and smooth. Again his lips found hers as their hands continued to move, spreading lather over each other's body. 

His hands cupped her ass pressing her against his hard cock. She slipped her right hand down his belly to wrap her soapy hand around his hard shaft. He moaned into her mouth as she began stroking him. Her hand easily sliding effortlessly up and down the length of his cock. Their tongues danced and parried together as they stood in the steam filled shower. Her hand moving over his throbbing cock as his hand moved to her pussy. His fingers slipped over her wet lips as he felt her shift her hips and her legs move apart to allow him more access.

His middle finger slid between the smooth lips of her pussy to begin making little circles on her clit. He felt her moan as her clit began to swell under his finger tip. Overwhelmed with a sudden need to bring her to orgasm, his fingers massaging her ass traveled to begin probing her asshole. He gently inserted his finger into her asshole while his other hand continued to rub her swollen clit. Her hips began moving. 

She tightened her left arm around his neck as her right hand stroked his cock. Her head rested against his chest as she moved her hips. She tightened her ass around his probing finger when she began to grind her hips against his finger rubbing her clit. Bending slightly, he thrust his two middle fingers deep into her pussy letting his thumb rub hard over her clit.

Her breathing was fast and panting. Her hand moving faster stroking his cock. He could tell she was close to orgasm as he heard her start moaning louder.

"Oh fuck I'm gonna cum!" she gasped, tightening her arm around his neck as her hand gripped the base of his cock. He withdrew his finger from her ass when he felt her tremors begin. "Fuck yeah I'm cumming, I'm cumming!" she screamed out as her knees buckled with the force of her orgasm. He lowered her to the corner seat of the tub kneeling before her, holding her as he places gentle kisses over her face while she calmed. She leaned back against the wall and smiled at him as her breathing slowed to normal. 

He put his hands under her knees and pulled her ass slightly forward as he spread her legs further apart. He smiled at her as he reached over and picked up the can of shave gel. He squirted a small amount in his hand and set the can back down. Rubbing his hands together he formed a lather from the gel and began applying it generously to her pussy. He smoothed the lather over her pubic mound and down the lips. He stood to rinse his hands under the shower spray then reached and picked up her razor laying next to the shave gel can. 

She watched intently as he knelt back down wetting the razor and gently taking the first stroke over her pussy. Gently and methodically he shaved her entire pussy. Stopping to rinse the razor and place little nipping kisses on her inner thighs. He ran his fingers over the shaved area to make sure that he hadn't missed anything. As he shaved and checked his work with his fingers, she had both of her breasts in her hands caressing them and teasing her nipples with her thumb and forefingers. When he was done shaving her he made one last check. Sweeping his fingers over her pussy then sliding his middle finger deep into her vagina. He could feel her wetness caused by her arousal. 

He stood again giving the razor one last rinse before putting back down by the shave gel. He then took the shower head from the holder and moved back to his knees between her legs. He directed the spray onto her pussy using his other hand to help rinse away any trace of soap and shave gel. When he was satisfied that she was well rinsed, he handed her the shower head and smile into her eyes.

"Now I have to taste my handy work," he told her as he lowered his mouth to her pussy. 

She felt his tongue glide over her clit. She was already very aroused by his shaving and fingering of her pussy. She moaned loudly pressing forward trying to press harder against his tongue. He placed his hands on her inner thighs pressing them open as his tongue delved deeply into her vagina, tasting her honey. Dropping the shower head, she grabbed his head in both of her hands pulling his face closer to her pussy. Feeling his tongue slide into her pussy she gasped and moaned loudly again, humping her pussy against his mouth.

He let her pull his head closer against her pussy as he probed his tongue as deep as he could into her vagina. He could feel the hard nub of her swollen clit rub against his nose. 

"Oh suck my clit!" she moaned out to him. He immediately complied with her wishes, sealing his lips around her hard little clit to suck it into his mouth. While he sucked her clit, he rubbed his tongue over it again and again. She was still holding his head as she bucked her hips against his mouth. He could feel her juices flowing from her pussy down his chin as he listened to her breathing become faster and raspier.

Suddenly he felt her stiffen, "I'm cumming" she screamed as her entire body shuddered with the intense force of her orgasm. Moving his mouth from her clit he licked her pussy wanting all the honey that flowed from her pussy. 

After she had calmed enough to stand again he helped to her feet as they rinsed off a final time. They stepped from the tub and began to pat each other dry as they kissed the skin that they dried. When they were mostly dry, she reached out and took his semi erect cock in her hand again. Smiling as she looked up at him, then she knelt in front of him. 

Maintaining his eye contact she held his cock against his belly as her tongue licked over his balls. She sucked one into her mouth caressing it with her tongue as she gently sucked. He leaned back against the vanity counter as he watched her mouth create sensations that made his cock begin to throb. She moved from one side to the other licking and sucking his balls as her hand began to stroke the shaft of his hard cock.

Next she dragged the flat of her tongue up the underside of his cock until she was licking the head like an ice cream cone. Her tongue licked and circled the head of his swollen cock as her eyes watched his watching her. She tasted his precum as it formed on the head of his cock. Loving the taste of him she closed her lips over the head of his cock sucking him into her warm wet mouth. The feeling was so intense he closed his eyes as his head rolled back on his neck. 

He could feel the hot wetness of her mouth sucking at him, her tongue soft and wet, licking and caressing the head as her hand continued to stroke his shaft making him even harder. Her left hand came up to cup his balls in her hand, her fingers began to massage and lightly squeeze his sack. He sucked in his breath feeling his balls tighten and the sensation grow in his lower belly.

"Baby, you must want me to cum in your mouth," he was barely able to speak his breathing growing faster. 

She looked up at him again with his cock still in her mouth and nodded her head. Letting his cock slip from her lips she licked around the rim of his cock then told him.

"I want to feel you shot your hot cum in my mouth, on my tongue. I want to swallow all of it when you cum." she told him then let her tongue slide over and around the bulging head of his throbbing cock as if to empathize her point. She sucked his cock head back into her mouth, this time sucking harder and her hand moved faster and gripped his shaft tighter as she stroked him.

His hips began to move in a slight fucking motion. His breathing raspy and labored as he felt his balls tighten more and more. "Oh Baby, you're gonna get me. Your gonna make me cum all over your tongue sweet girl," he gasped. "R...i...g...h...t now!" he moaned loudly as the first spurt of cum erupted from his cock into her hot mouth. Again and again he shot his cum into her waiting mouth. He felt her swallow and her tongue lick over the head of his cock. Her hand pumping, milking his cock as if to get every drop he had. Gasping and panting he watched her lick him clean of every drop of cum before placing a light kiss on the head of his cock.

Licking her lips she stood and smiled. "Now that we've had breakfast," she giggled, "want to take a nap?" 

He chuckled as he picked her up and carried her to the bed. Gently laying her down and lying down next to her he pulled her close to him to hold her as he inhaled her scent.

"Napping is not what I had in mind," he whispered in her ear.