 I just bought a new crew cab truck a little over a week ago and decided I want to go on a road trip. I took a couple weeks off from work and hit the road. No particular destination in mind, I just wanted to see parts of the country I hadn't seen before. I drove for about an hour when the words of my mother came to mind.

"Always pee before you go anywhere."

I smiled as I pulled into the gas station. I didn't listen to her and had to go. I pulled up to a pump, thinking I may as well fill it while I'm here. After filling up, I walked into the store and hit the Men's room. I grabbed some snacks and drinks and headed back to my truck.

"Excuse me Sir."

Turning I saw a beautiful girl looking at me. She looked to be in her early twenties. Straight black hair that disappeared behind her shoulders, with bangs cut straight across, just above her eyebrows. She had stunning green eyes that seemed to look into my soul. She stood about five foot six. She was wearing a red button up shirt tied just below her breasts, revealing her flat belly. She was wearing a pair of very short denim shorts and flip flops. Her shirt was unbuttoned enough to give me a nice peek at her cleavage. If I had to guess I'd say she wasn't wearing a bra.

"Can I help you?" I asked.

"I saw you get out of your truck. It's very nice."

"Thanks, I just got it."

"Um, this is awkward, but is there any way I could get a ride with you?'

"Where are you going?" I asked suspiciously. 

"Anywhere but here. I just broke up with my boyfriend. I was stupid and moved here to be with him. He turned into a complete asshole so I just left. I don't have any friends of family here, so I have nowhere to go."

Her eyes started to tear up.

"Hey, don't cry." I replied. "We'll figure something out. This is going to sound weird, but are you over eighteen? I don't want to get mixed up with transporting a minor."

She quickly reached into her back pocket and pulled out her licence. Sure enough it was from out of state and she was twenty one.

"Okay, you've got a ride. Hop in."

She ran over and grabbed a backpack and headed for my truck. I took it from her and threw it in the back seat.

"With you being so nice and all, I hate to ask." She looked down at the ground. "Are you going to expect "things" for the ride?"

"The only thing I expect is some nice conversation and to poke me if I get sleepy."

"It's a deal!"

She smiled and held out her hand.

"My name is Skye."

I took her hand and didn't want to let go, it was so soft and warm.

"I'm Bill."

I helped her in to my truck then got in the driver's seat. I flipped up the center console and dropped the bag of snacks on the seat between us.

"Help yourself to whatever you want." I offered.

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah, it's mostly junk food and soda, but take whatever you want."

She looked into the bag and took some snack cakes and a soda. The cakes were gone in under a minute, and she chugged half a bottle of soda.

"I'm sorry." She began. "I must look like such a pig. It's just that I haven't had much to eat, or much sleep in the twenty four hours."

"No problem," I smiled, "just leave me a drink and I'm good. We'll stop for lunch in a few hours. Feel free to recline back and snooze. I noticed where you're from, I can head in that direction if you want to go home."

"Thanks, but no. I called home when I wanted to leave and my mother said than she warned me this would happen, and there was no room for a slut like me anymore."

Her green eyes welled up with tears. I reached over and put my hand on her shoulder.

"I'm sorry for crying, but I'm not a slut, I just made a mistake. I thought I was in love.

"Skye, I don't think you're a slut. We've all done stupid things in the name of love."

"You're such a nice guy Bill. I can't thank you enough for what you've done for me."

"I know how i'd like you to thank me." I thought.

"Think nothing of it." Is what I said.

After about twenty minutes, I looked over and saw her head bobbing.

"Skye, put the seat back and take a nap. It will save you a stiff neck later."

She agreed, and put the seat back. She was sound asleep in less than a minute. As she snored lightly I took the time to really look her over. Her hair was so black it shined. The skin on her face was flawless and smooth, with just enough plump in her lips to make me want to know how they would be to kiss or better yet, how they would feel on my cock. Her shirt was gaping just enough that I was pretty sure the was no bra involved. I could see down between them pretty good and saw no sign of material. She had a belly button ring, a red stone of some kind. She kept the button on her shorts unbuttoned, a look that I have always liked. The shorts were tight enough to show a hint of a pubic mound. Her legs were long a slightly muscular. She was pretty evenly tanned all over.

As I looked at her I felt my cock starting to grow.

"Look away," I thought, "think about baseball, or kneeling on nails, whatever to distract yourself."

Right about then, she let out a little moan and shifted around on the seat. In doing so one breast popped right out of her shirt. There was the tan line. A tiny triangle of white skin, just barely big enough to cover her nipple. My cock sprang to full hardness. I knew what would be in my mind as I jerked off later! I was debating on whether to wake her or let her sleep when she let out a little snort and opened her eyes. I looked away immediately. From my peripheral vision, I saw her adjusting her shirt.

"That was embarrassing." She smiled. "I hope you liked what you saw."

"I didn't see much." I lied.

"Nice try. Then why can I see the outline of your cock in your pants? I'll at least be honest, I do like what I see!"

"Alright then, of course I liked what I saw. You are a beautiful girl and I have to say your boobs are bigger than I first thought.

Skye slid over next to me, placing her hand on my shoulder.

"Before I do something stupid and make a fool of myself, can I ask you a personal question?"

"Sure, go ahead."

"Do you have a wife or girlfriend or anything?"

"Nope, I'm as single as can be."

"Then, would you mind if I did this?"

She dropped her hand into my lap and started tracing the outline of my cock with her finger over the material of my jeans.

"I thought you didn't want to do anything like this," was my stunned reply.

Skye explained.

"I didn't want to feel pressured into doing something just because I got a ride. You've been a perfect gentleman. I want to do this."

She cupped her hand over my cock and rubbed the length of my hard cock. She continued to slowly rub up and down my shaft, her fingers tickling the tip. I was finding it increasingly more difficult to drive the more she stroked me. 

"Um, Skye, if you keep doing this, I'm going to have to change my pants soon."

She continued to rub my cock.

"Really? When was the last time you came in your pants? High School?"

"I never have, even in school I managed to either get into the girl or make it home."

Her voice took on a sexy, sultry tone.

"And what did you do when you got home? I want to hear you say it."

"I jerked off. I made myself cum."

"Mmm, I think it's sexy when a guy admits he jerks off. Did you want to jerk off when you saw this before?"

She released my cock long enough to unbutton and untie her shirt, letting it fall open. Her tits were magnificent! A large C-cup or small D. Her nipples were dark and fully erect.

"That was my plan." I agreed.

She cuddled up next to me to allow me to get a handful of her tit. She went back to rubbing my cock. I squeezed her tit, enjoying it's firm softness. I spread my fingers and brushed them over her nipple, letting it pop out between my fingers. She moaned a little, her hand picking up speed over my cock. I felt myself getting close, still not believing she would let me cum in my pants. I twirled her nipple in my fingers, pulling on it a little.

"I'm gonna cum!" I gasped.

"Do it Bill. Shoot that load for me!" 

I felt the warm liquid hit my leg and spread out as I fired several streams into my pants. Skye kept rubbing until she noticed the growing wet spot on my pants. Her rubbing turned into a milking motion as she forced even more cum out of me.

"I think I need to change."

"That was so hot." Skye giggled. "I've always wanted to try that,"

"It was fun," I agreed, "but if you feel the need to do it again, you'll have to wait until I can wash these jeans. I only brought two pair."

She held up her right hand.

"I promise I'll be good."

"There's an exit a mile up the road. I'll get off there and get changed."

With a twinkle in her eye, Skye replied,

"You just got off here and now you want to get off again in a mile?"

"Sexy and a sense of humor, Nice!"

Getting off the highway, I pull into a grocery store parking lot. I park away from everyone else and get out and grab a pair of jeans. I get into the back seat and start to pull my pants off. Skye has turned around and is watching me.

"I'm just enjoying the show. I hope you don't mind."

"I'm not shy, look all you want."

I take off my jeans, rolling them into a ball to keep the cum enclosed. I notice Skye is looking right at my cock. I laid back on the seat and opened my legs.

"See anything you like?"

"I sure do! You have a nice cock. I have some plans for it later, if you're interested. Oh I see your interest is rising already!"

Indeed my cock was rising, but a grocery store parking lot is not the most romantic place. I pull my clean jeans on and say.

"How about later? If I'm going to make love to you, it's not going to be in my back seat in the middle of the day in a parking lot. It's a good way to get arrested."

"Chicken!" She laughed. "I guess I'll have to put these away."

She makes a big production of buttoning up her shirt and tying it up again.

I get out of the truck and look around.

"Hey I see a diner down the road a little. Ready for lunch?"

""Um, yeah, it's just that I don't have any..."

"If you're worried about money," I interrupted, "don't. Let's get this cleared up right now. As long as you're riding with me, we'll act like we're a couple. I'll pay for everything. You still won't have to do anything you don't want to. We clear?"

"I got it, and you'll find there are things I want to do!"

I walked over to her side of the truck, open the door and hold my hand out.

"Hop out for a second."

She takes my hand as she slides to the ground. Not letting go of her hand, I pull her to me and embrace her. I lean in and place my lips on hers, gently at first. She kisses me back and soon it turns into a passionate kiss, our tongues searching for each others.

"This is a little backwards, I normally kiss a girl before she makes me cum. I just couldn't resist your lips anymore."

"Don't fight it. My lips are yours."

We kissed again, then headed to the diner.

Sitting on the same side at a booth, we were just about done and I noticed she couldn't sit still as we ate.

"Are you okay?" I asked.

"Yeah, but after making you cum, them watching you change, and that kiss, damn, that kiss! Well I just can't get my horniness under control. The more I try, the hornier I get.I'm about to head to the ladies' room for a quick cum!"

"I'm sure there are better ways to handle it."

I slid my hand up her thigh until it made contact with her crotch. I let my little finger run across her shorts, over the pussy beneath. She sucked it a quick breath and clamped her legs shut.

"Here? Are you crazy?"

"Think of it as a game." I smiled. "How quick can you cum and can you be quiet about it?"

"Quick I can do, quiet, I can't promise."

I moved my hand directly over her crotch and started to rub. She relaxed her legs and gave me better access. She closed and opened her eyes in long slow blinks.Her breathing got deeper as I rubbed a little harder. Her hips moved against my hand. I could see her nipples making little tents on the front of her shirt. I estimated where her clit was and concentrated my efforts in that area.

"Yes Bill, I'm gonna cum. I'm going to cum in a fucking diner! Oh! Oh!"

"Was everything okay folks?" The waitress asked.

"Yes!" Skye almost shouted as she came.

The waitress wore a look of surprise.

"Yes, everything was great." I calmly replied. "We were deep in a conversation and you startled her."

"Oh, alright, I'll just leave your check.

I paid the bill and we got back in the truck and headed down the road.

"That wasn't fair." Skye said, punching me in the arm. "You make me cum in a restaurant, then the waitress scares the shit out of me before I could really enjoy it."

"I didn't plan for the waitress, do you want to cum again?"

"Here? In the truck?"

I reached over and pulled her zipper down.

"Lean back and pull these down."

She slid her shorts and thong down past her ass then kicked them off. She laid back, leaving one leg on the floor and the other went up on the back of the seat, giving me a perfect view of her hairless pussy. She opened her shirt, giving me a full frontal view of her body. I could feel my cock stiffening in my jeans.

"You are simply perfect. Just gorgeous."

I slid my hand up between her legs, rubbing her pussy. She brought a hand down and opened her lips.

"Don't worry about warming me up, I'm still horny from before."

Without hesitation, I slid two fingers into her. She was still so wet from before, there was no resistance. She groaned as I buried my fingers deep in her. I slowly pulled back out then in, starting a slow rhythm. I pushed in and out a few times, then brought my fingers to my mouth, tasting her.

"Mmm, delicious. If I wasn't driving, I'd be going in for a closer taste." I said as I slid my fingers back into her.

""I'd love it!" She purred.

I started pumping into her pussy again. She closed her eyes and let the feelings wash over her, raising her hips to meet my fingers. I started rubbing her clit with my thumb and she began to moan.

I noticed a trailer truck was pacing me so I looked over and saw the driver watching the action.

"Skye, how much of an exhibitionist are you? We have a trucker enjoying the show."

"He doesn't know me, I'll give him some more to watch."

She grabbed her tits and started rubbing them, pinching her nipples between her fingers. I continued to slide in and out of her pussy, while trying to keep some attention on the road. 

"Bill, your fingers feel so good in me. I can't believe a total stranger is watching me. It's really turning me on."

She continued massaging her tits and thrusting to meet my fingers. I started rubbing her clit with my thumb again. She dropped her head back and started moaning.

"Fuck Bill, this feels so good. You keep this up, I'm going to cum soon! I'm going to cum all over your fingers."

"Then no reason for me to stop. I wish it was my tongue in your pussy, tasting you, sucking your clit, waiting for your sweet cum."

Her breathing got real heavy as she pawed at her tits, pinching and pulling on her nipples.

"Think of my cock being in you, pounding deep into you. I want to fill you with my cum. Cum for me. I want us to cum together."

Her back arched off the seat and I felt her pussy clamp around my fingers as she came. Her body contracted with her orgasm for several seconds. She dropped back down onto the seat, turned so she was facing the trucker and started licking and sucking my fingers clean, while looking straight at the trucker. When she was done, he blew his air horn and was down the road.

"Bill, do you think I'm too slutty? This isn't the kind of thing I do all the time. In fact, that was the only time I've let someone watch me."

"Hell no! That was hot. There wasn't any danger in letting him watch and it seemed to turn you on."

"It really did. From this bulge in your pants, I'm not the only one turned on. I think you need some relief again."

"Actually, I'm good at the moment." I chuckled. "I'm all out of clean pants!"

"I promise I'll take care of it for you later."

She snuggled up to me and was soon asleep. I thought how weird it was that I was driving down the highway with a beautiful, near naked woman. However, that near naked woman was doing nothing for the ache in my crotch. I drove for about an hour with my cock twitching every time I glanced at her.

Skye started to wake up, so I asked her.

"Traveled enough for one day?"

She glanced at the clock in my truck.

"It's only three, but I'm just the passenger, Whatever you want to do is good with me. I guess I should get dressed back up."

I soon found a little roadside motel with a few cabins in the back. I pulled in and we went into the office.

"Can I help you?"

The guy behind the desk gave Skye a long look up and down.

"A room for the night please."

"Do you want a room or a cabin? The cabin is ten dollars more, but you get more privacy."

He gave me a leering wink. Skye was doing her best to ignore him by looking at brochures on the wall.

"That will be fine." I said.

"Two queens or one king? I have one of each."

Skye jumped in. "We'll take the two queens."

I was a little puzzled, but agreed. "Two queens it is."

I paid and Skye took the key.

"I'll walk back and open up, and you can bring your truck over."

As soon as I walked in with the bags Skye through her arms around me and pressed her lips to mine. Our tongues were soon searching for each others.

"I'll bet you're wondering why I wanted two queens?"

Skye asked as she was unbuttoning my jeans.

"Kind of, yeah."

"One for sleeping, and one for fucking. No one gets the wet spot."

She squatted down and pulled my jeans to the floor. My already hard cock sprang out and almost slapped her in the face. She wrapped her hand around it and started slowly stroking it. 

"I've been wanting this since I saw it when you were changing."

She slid her hand to the base of my cock and took it into her mouth. She looked up at me with those amazing green eyes and locked onto my eyes. She slowly moved forward taking all of my cock into her mouth. She gripped my ass with both hands for balance and moved back and forth on my cock. She gradually increased the speed until she was furiously bobbing on my cock. I wrapped my fingers into her hair, trying to get even deeper into her mouth. From being so horny before, I feel my orgasm fast approaching. 

"Skye, I'm getting close." I warned.

Without slowing at all, she takes one hand and gently cups and squeezes my balls. That was all it took. With a growl, I pumped stream after stream of cum into her mouth. She eagerly swallowed it all down. She released my cock from her mouth and grabbed it with her hand, squeezing from base to tip, milking the last drops out of me. She licked them up as soon as they appeared.

"Damn Skye, that was incredible!"

She stood up and replied.

"I'm glad you lik..."

I interrupted her by pulling her close and kissing her. It turned into a long passionate kiss. I undressed her without breaking the kiss then walked her back until the back of her knees hit the end of the bed. I laid her on her back while we continued to kiss. My hand moved to her breast, squeezing, running my fingers over her nipple. I moved down and began to kiss her neck. While still playing with her tit. I kissed my way down until I got to her nipple. I sucked it into my mouth, while I twisted the other one with my fingers. She moaned as I switched back and forth between her nipples. I didn't want to leave her awesome tits, but I continued my journey south. I kissed my way down her abdomen and paused for a second to stick the tip of my tongue in her belly button. She sucked in her breath, so I assumed she liked it and kept licking at her little hole. In a little while she started raising her hips up off the bed and back down. I took this as a cue to continue downward. I got to her pussy and could see was already wet. I slid to the floor on my knees and leaned in to kiss her pussy. I parted her lips with my tongue and pushed it into her wetness. I licked deep into her, enjoying her sweet taste.
