 I knew how to get my way. Men were so easy to work and I had decided that living at home with my parents was something of the past. I was ready to start the rest of my life and so I packed myself a little suitcase and walked out to the side of the road. I didn't have enough money to buy a ride but I figured maybe I could just do it the old-school way and hitchhike. I had read an article about it online and I was fairly certain that my assets would draw the attention of plenty of drivers. I knew that I might have to trade rides for sex, but honestly, that was part of the fun. I stuck my thumb up for every car that drove by until one of them finally stopped and rolled down the window.

"Hey! You looking for a ride?" the man asked me.

"I sure am," I used my sexiest voice, the one that always got me my way.

"Well hop on in," he unlocked the passenger door and I jumped inside.

"I'm Chuck," the man said with a slight drawl. He was from the South.

"Gigi," I would have offered my hand for him to shake but his hands were on the wheel.

"Where you headed?"

"Nowhere in particular. I just needed a little vacation from my home life."

"What's going on at home?" he raised one eyebrow as if he was actually concerned.

"I don't want to talk about it," I explained. "I'm on vacation."

"Well, I'm headed to St. Clair if you want to go there."

"Sure, that sounds like a good spot." I'd heard of that town. It was suburban and fairly small. I could probably find another ride there.

"So you're just out here hitching rides? How old are you?"

"I'm twenty-two."

"I'm going to have to see some ID. I don't want to harbor a running teenager, you know? Do your parents know where you are?"

"I left them a note. And here," I pulled my ID out of my wallet and showed him.

"Your name isn't Gigi."

"It's a nickname. I go by Gigi."

"How do you get Gigi from Savannah?"

"It's a long story. Look, I'm looking to gain some life experience and I could really use some help with that?" I tried my best to convey that I was looking for sex. Chuck was a pretty handsome guy. He had a few days worth of stubble on his face but I could tell that when he shaved he was pretty hot. His body looked fit and I wondered what his cock was like. I wasn't going to tell him the real reason I had decided to hitchhike all over the place. I had no real destination in mind, I simply wanted some experience. The kind of experience I needed more than anything was sexual in nature. I had been living a sheltered life where my parents wouldn't let me go out and get what I needed. This was my chance and I wanted to seize the day. I was going to fuck Chuck if I could figure out how to get him to fuck me. I was a bit naive and I didn't know how to use my feminine charms completely yet. I was still learning.

"What kind of help are we talking about?" he sighed.

"I'm not asking for money." He relaxed. "I'm asking for help...sexually." I said the word "sexually" much more quietly than the rest of the sentence.

"What was that?"

"Sex! I need help with sex!" I blurted out.

"You're not a virgin or something?" his eyes were focused on the road but there was a hint of a smile on his lips.

"No. I've had sex but only with two guys and they are both my age so I really don't think I know much about how sex can really be. I hear older men are the way to go. They know more about a woman's body. I just want to know more. I want to live a little. You know?"

"I have an idea," Chuck said, pulling off the highway at the nearest exit. I wasn't sure what he was doing but I hoped it was finding a place where he would fuck me.

"Where are we going?"

"Don't worry. I'm not going to hurt you...much." He laughed to himself. I wasn't afraid. I was excited. I welcomed this experience. Chuck found a place in the brush on the side of the road to park his car. "Get naked."

"What?"

"You want to learn about sex, right? Get naked."

"Okay." I took off my jean shorts and my panties and then my shirt and bra. I was ready but I realized I was shaking. I was nervous about this but this was what I wanted.

"You ready?" His cock was out and he had it in his hand. "Lean over here and suck on my dick."

"Yeah," I confirmed my readiness and leaned over until I had his cock in my mouth. His hand gripped my neck and he pulled my whole head down until his cock was in the back of my throat choking me. I felt like I was going to puke and somehow I held it back. I pushed away from him, gasping for breath and unable to understand why he would do such a horrible thing to me. "Why did you do that?"

"I'm trying to teach you about sex like you asked me to. I thought you wanted to learn."

"I do!"

"Then pay attention. Get your mouth back on this cock. Now." He stared me down and I could have gotten out of the car and run away but I wanted to learn and I was ready to face this. I leaned back in and took his cock in my mouth.

"Now let me fuck your throat. Just stay relaxed and you won't choke." I said nothing, waiting for the face fucking to begin. He moved his cock slowly at first but as he moved faster I couldn't believe the force he was using to thrust into me. I tried so hard to relax and not let what was happening scare me but my fear got the best of me and I choked so hard that I pulled the handle to open the car door and stuck my head outside so I wouldn't puke on the car interior. I sputtered and shook for a few moments before I realized that it was another false alarm. I wasn't going to puke. I had merely choked.

"Get your ass back here and suck me!" Chuck was starting to sound angry and I was feeling a bit insecure as I closed the door and made my way back to his cock. I gripped it in one hand and tried my best to stroke it while I sucked the tip. "Get your fucking mouth all the way down on it. I want to feel your throat, Savannah."

I made a gurgling noise as he forced his cock down my throat in ways that no other guy had ever had the audacity to do to me! I was used to being treated like a princess and this was a far cry from that feeling. I felt like a gutter whore and a total slut. I felt like this man didn't give a fuck about me and that he was just using me. So why was my pussy so fucking wet. I touched myself as he raped my face, working his cock in and out of me so hard that I was scared that he was going to permanently damage me.

"Get in the backseat."

"Right now?"

"Yeah, now, you slut! Get back there and open your legs. It's time for you to learn how to take my cock like a good girl."

"I'm not a slut!" I cried, offended by the use of that word. No one had ever dared to call me a slut before and now, I didn't like it one bit.

"Yes, you are, bitch. What kind of girl stops a moving car with her thumb and then asks for help with getting fucked? Huh? Do good girls do that?" He pushed my legs further apart and forced his cock between my legs until he was all the way in my pussy. "You're so fucking tight, slut. So fucking good on my dick. That's a good little girl."

It felt good being fucked as hard as he was fucking me. No guy had ever fucked me so hard and I let go, dropping my guard and throwing my head back to scream. I had never cum like this, my body shaking uncontrollably as he pounded me harder and faster with every thrust. His words continued to taunt me. He called me every bad word in the book and then he slapped me across the face.

"That felt good," he told me and he slapped me again. I don't know why it made me cum but I wasn't really thinking about why I was doing anything when I came like that. I had vertigo and I tried to find something to focus on that would orient me again. I didn't know where I was anymore. The world had taken on a dreamlike quality that made me wonder if I was asleep or if this was really happening. He was pulling his cock from me and I didn't understand why.

"Take my cum you dumb bitch! I can't believe you let a stranger do this to you. Fucking slut!" I felt the warmth hit my face before I realized what it actually was. It got me in the eye and all over my cheeks. I moved my hand up to my cheek to touch the spots of warmth. I was shocked when it came back wet. I looked at the substance, perplexed.

"I came all over your face, your stupid dumb dumb. God, your generation is a bunch of idiots. Get back in the front seat and get dressed. I need to get back on the road. I don't have time for this shit but your pussy is decent. I'd fuck it again if I wasn't in a hurry."

"Oh, I didn't know you were in a hurry. I'm sorry if I made you late."

"Don't apologize to men for fucking them. That's stupid." He shook his head in disgust. "Seat belt back on." I buckled back up.

"So, Savannah. Where are you really off to?"

"Wherever your dick takes me," I giggled.

"Really. I'm meeting some of my friends at the gun show. What do you say you let all of them teach you a little bit about sex."

"How many friends?" I asked. I was a bit worried but also a bit excited!

"Four. Ever had a gangbang before?"

"No."

"Well, imagine that. Today's sex lesson is on taking lots of dicks at once. You want to learn don't you Savannah?"

"Call me Gigi."

"Gigi then. Think about it. You have about thirty minutes until we get there. We all have hotel rooms and so we can just go fuck you in one of them. Sound like a fun adventure for you?" He grinned manipulatively.

"I don't know."

"Listen to your pussy, Gigi. What is it saying? Does it want more experiences?"

"I...I don't know."

"Touch your pussy and tell me how wet it is?"

"Why?"

"Then I'll know if you really want us all to fuck you like the slut you are or not." I reached down and touched myself and I was shocked by what I found. My pussy was wetter than I had ever felt it. "So? How does it feel?"

"It's super wet," I admitted.

"That's what I thought. Looks like it's your lucky day, you slutty hitchhiker. You're about the have the experience of your life!"

"I am?"

"Yeah. Five horny older men all using your holes...ever done anal?"

"No?"

"You're going to learn today!" He laughed, his eyes still on the road. The fear inside of me was growing and I realized that maybe I had been stupid to try and hitchhike like this. I wondered what would happen if I tried to tell him no. Would he force me to do it anyway? Did I want him to force me? Why was my pussy so fucking wet for this? What the fuck was wrong with me?