 Sometimes the most amazing things happen when you least expect them. Twelve years ago, I was driving across country from Atlanta to San Francisco going to my new job. I had just graduated from Georgia Tech and had been offered and accepted a position with Cisco Systems. Since I didn't have to report for another month, I decided to drive and see America. So I packed up everything I could take in the back of my Subaru, kissed my mom goodbye, and set of on my great adventure.

I had been driving for six days and was on Interstate 44 having just left St. Louis. It was after 6:00 PM on Friday, I was about two hours out of the city and it was raining pretty hard. The area was devoid of all houses and other cars and any signs of civilization. A few hundred yards ahead of me, I saw what looked like someone standing on the side of the road in the rain.

As I got closer, I saw that it was a young woman who was hitchhiking. I normally don't pick up strangers but it was raining and there were no other cars on the highway. So I stopped. I came to a stop about six yards past her. She ran over to the car and got in. As she buckled herself in, I could see that she was a young, white female about twenty with blonde hair cut into short spikes.

"Hi! Thanks for the ride! It's pretty nasty out there and I haven't seen many cars!" she said.

"Yeah, you're sort of out in the middle of nowhere! How did you get stuck so far out in the boonies?" I asked as I resumed driving.

"I had gotten a ride with a trucker out of Trenton and he sort of went psycho on me! I had to leap out of his semi and ended up out here. My name is Diana. What's yours?"

"I'm sorry, my name is Derrick. Pleased to meet ya. So where are headed?"

"I have an aunt that lives in Seattle. I'm headed there."

I looked over at the small backpack that Diana carried. "You're going from New Jersey to Washington with nothing but what's in that little pack!?!

"I had to get away from where I was in a hurry. This is all I could grab."

"Was it pretty bad?"

"Yeah, pretty bad."

"Do you want to talk about it?"

Diana just shook her head slowly 'no' and began staring out of the window. I decided to let her be and continued to drive.

About two hours later, I said to her, "I'm pretty hungry and could use a potty break. There's a Denny's up ahead. I'm going to stop. Is that okay?"

"Yeah, that'll be fine."

We pull into the restaurant and go in. When we are seated, I look at the menu. "Well, what looks good to you?"

She looks kind of sad at the menu. "I really don't have enough money to buy anything."

"Don't worry about it. Order anything on the menu! It's on me!"

"You don't have to do this."

"It's fine. It's no problem at all. Go ahead and order!"

Diana orders a burger, fries and milkshake while I order steak and shrimp. As we eat, I try to make small talk but she is reluctant, so I don't pursue it.

Diana eats with gusto and it is obvious that she hasn't eaten in a while. "When is that last time you had a good meal?" I ask.

"I haven't had anything to eat since the day before yesterday," she reluctantly answers.

"Do you anything else?"

"No, thank you. I'm full."

I pay the tab and we head out. About an hour later I again try to strike up conversation.

"Won't your clothes in the backpack be soaked?"

"Yeah, they are."

"We can stop at a K-mart and get you a few things to tide you over."

"What do you want!?! Why are you being so nice to me!?! You don't even know me!" she lashes out.

"Whoa, whoa, I'm just trying to help. No strings attached!! Honest!!"

She gives me an intense inspection. "I do need some more underwear and stuff. If its not too much trouble, that will be okay."

We stop at a Wal-Mart about six miles down the road. I buy Diana some underwear and a couple of pair of pants and some hygiene things. After another hour of driving, I turn to her. "I'm exhausted! I'm going to pull into the motel ahead and crash. You're free to stay with me if you like."

"I'll stay," she answers.

We stopped and I got a room. The room was small but serviceable and had a full size bed. I'm unpacking my suitcase when Diana says to me, "I'm going to take a shower, is that okay?"

"Of course, go right ahead."

She takes her things and disappears into the bathroom. While I set out my things, I hear the water going in the shower. I pull out a beer and sit down on the edge of the bed to watch some TV. About fifteen minutes later, Diana emerges from the shower. She looks very pretty now that she's clean and fresh. She's wearing a white button down shirt with bare legs and feet. Out of the heavy jeans and sweat jacket, Diana now reveals a lean, shapely body with nice, perky tits.

"Can I have one of those?" she asks indicating the beer.

"Sure, here." I toss her a brew.

She sits down on the edge of the bed beside me and opens the beer. With her sitting this close to me, I can smell the lilac scent of her shampoo and feel the heat from her body.

"Are you running from someone, Diana?"

"Kind of. My mom got remarried three years ago. The asshole she married took a little too much interest in me. He was touching me in places that he shouldn't have. I told my mom but she didn't believe me! She blamed me and called me a slut!" she said with the tears starting to flow freely.

I put my arm around her and drew her to me. Diana sobs into my chest for the next twenty minutes.

"How old are you?"

"I just turned eighteen in July?"

"Wow! That's a heavy load for someone so young! Where are you going? What are you going to do?"

"Like I said, I have an aunt who lives in Seattle. I'm going to see if she'll let me stay with her."

"You ran away then. Do you have money or anything."

"I have about $40 left."

"Okay. You can ride with me as far as San Francisco. I'll give you bus fare to get to Seattle from there."

"Why are you being so nice to me?"

"I just don't want you to get hurt out here all by yourself."

"I can take care of myself."

The conversation kind of dies and we just watch TV for a while." She looks over to me. "When do we do it?"

"Do what?"

"Have sex."

"Uh...I don't know what you're talking about!"

"Bullshit! No man treats a woman he doesn't even know nicely, feeds her, and buys her things without expecting to get laid in return. I'm young but I'm not naïve or stupid."

"Diana, I'm not expecting anything in return. You don't have to buy kindness with your body."

Almost before I could finish my sentence, Diana has pulled me down to her and kissed me full on the lips. I really, truly tried to resist but the heat and closeness of her body was too much. I gave in and we passionately kissed. Our tongues hungrily sought out the depths of each other's mouths.

"Diana ...don't..." I protested.

"Shhhhh! I'm going to make love to you because I want to not because I have to!" she lustily whispers to me.

We tumbled back onto the bed still locked in a loving embrace. My arms encircled her body while she held my head in her hands. I began to kiss up and down her neck. Diana let out soft, little animal sounds as the lust built within her. As I kissed down to the 'vee' of her neck, I began unbuttoning the shirt. Diana wore nothing under the shirt. I opened her shirt and exposed her perky breasts with their large, dark areolas. My tongue softly licked around the stiff nipples first one tit and then the other. Diana inhaled deeply and held it as I sucked her tits. I licked all around and deep between the curves of the breasts.

I then started slowly kissing down her taut abdomen. Pausing at her belly button, I licked deep into the indention drawing a short giggle from Diana. I continued down into the dark tangle of her pubic patch. My hot breath against her triangle made Diana start to squirm. I gently parted Diana's thighs exposing the hot pink length of her pussy. I grabbed behind her knees and lifted Diana's legs to give myself easy access. Inhaling the freshly clean scent of her, I started licking the length of her outer lips. Diana fiercely gripped the bed covers and threw her head from side to side in ecstasy. My tongue played with her clit alternating between licked and gently sucking. Then I got serious. I began sucking her clit while using my teeth to delicately gnaw. This drove Diana over the edge. She reached down and grasped the back of my head and tried to push me deeper into her cunt.

"Oh, god!! Oh, god!! Oh, god!! Do it, baby!!" she gasped.

Her juices were now free flowing and I was lapping then up like a starving man. When I buried my tongue deep in her snatch, Diana's body arced and shuddered in a massive orgasm. I ate her for at least twenty minutes until she was reduced to a quivering mass of passion.

"Derrick, please!! I need you inside me!! Please, Derrick!!" Diana begged.

My nine-inch long five inch around monster beef stick was rock hard and throbbing and for some action. I eased back up Diana's now hot and sweaty body until I was again eye to eye with her. We again fell into deep kissing. As I probed the depths of her mouth, she reached down and gripped my manhood. Diana stroked my cock up and down getting it even stiffer. She rubbed the drops of precum all over the head making it slick. I positioned my cockhead right at the entrance of her pussy. With a quick thrust of my hips, I was buried balls deep inside of Diana!

"Oh, baby!! Ohhhhhhhhh!" Diana began moaning.

Oh my god! This young bitch was tight! If Diana's cunt wasn't sopping wet, there's no way I would have gotten in with busting her wide open. Her eyes were closed and her teeth were gritted while trying to adjust to my size. I just lay buried to the hilt in her for a few minutes to let get used to me. I started easing three-quarters of the way out and then ramming my cock back home. Diana wrapped her legs around my torso and soon she was bucking and thrusting with me. My thick cock was slamming deep into her cunt on each thrust. I very slowly increased the pace until I was pounding in and out, in and out like a jackhammer.

I could feel Diana's pussy muscles tighten and grip my prick on each thrust. She was leaking buckets around my cock and me cock was so white with her juices it looked like it had been dipped in whipped cream. Suddenly Diana's body stiffened and she began panting rapidly. I could feel her cunt spasm in a deep orgasm. The grip of Diana's legs threatened to snap me in two but I continued fucking her right though her cumming. She was making animal lust noises deep in her throat. Diana's initial climax subsided but was quickly followed by two smaller orgasms. I was still thrusting into Diana's cunt at a furious pace. My balls made a small, wet smacking sound as they slapped against her ass on each stab. The bed was rocking like mad and pillows and covers flung all over the place.

I could feel my balls tighten ready to shoot my load. A few more deep thrusts and then I erupted inside of Diana. My body shuddered uncontrollably I hosed down her insides with thick, hot, sticky cum. I lay on top of Diana just panting trying to catch my breath. My body is drenched in sweat and I'm dripping onto Diana below me. Diana reaches up takes my cheek in her hand and looks me in the eyes. "Damn, that was good!! Baby, you're the best I've ever had!!"

"I do aim to please!" I brag. We just lay there awhile just cuddling.

Diana and I just held each other spoon-like and talked for the next two hours. I told her about Georgia Tech, my family, and about my new job. She told me about her mom, her asshole step dad, and school. Diana was a real good student until her mom got remarried. Her grades had fallen as her life at home became unbearable. She told me that her step dad had fondled her several times in the past year and she was afraid that he was going to molest her if she stayed in that house. Diana started to cry again while talking about her homelife. I held her tighter and did my best to comfort her.

Diana turned to me. "I'm glad we met. You're the first person to treat me decently in a long time."

"I'm glad we met too. Do you want to get some sleep now?"

"No, I want to take a shower."

"Now!?!"

"I didn't say anything about taking it alone," she impishly smiles at me.

"Well since you put it that way; you're on!"

We playfully got up and headed to the shower. Under the hot spray, we again embraced lustily. I moved in behind Diana and began to soap her down. I let me hands roam all over her body as she became aroused. We rubbed our soapy bodies together grinding furiously. She reached back and began to fondle my cock. I was stiff in no time. I turned her around and pinned Diana against the back wall of the shower. With her back to the wall, I lifted her up to my chest. Diana wrapped her legs around my hips. Pinned between my chest and the wall, Diana was waiting to be fucked. I lowered her on my stiff cock. Diana was impaled on my meat with the steady beat of the water providing background. I ground her down on my root of my cock and lifted her off; only to repeat over and over again. Up and down, up and down; my cock stabbed deep into her cunt. Diana must have come four or five times with the pounding of my prick. When I finally came, I almost blew her off my cock. The explosion of my orgasm between her legs set her off again also. We seemed to erupt together forever. The hot, steamy sex along with the soft, gentle pelting of water was magnificent.

We made love twice more during that night. Each seemed more passionate than the last. In the morning we checked out and reluctantly went on with our journey.

Diana rode with me all the way out to San Francisco. She never did make it to Seattle and ended up staying with me until she became my wife two years later. We were married for six years and had a daughter, Alexis. The marriage was rocky and eventually fell apart. We've been divorced three years now. I still see Diana from time to time when I go to pick up Alexis. The years have been very kind to her. Diana is as gorgeous as ever. Even though we aren't together anymore, for the past three years we have still met in a certain motel 200 miles outside of St. Louis on an agreed night each August and have made uninhibited, mad, passionate love to each other.

The End