 "Damn, Shit, Fuck!" I yelled, banging my hands on the steering wheel. "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!! I screamed, shaking my head from side to side, my long hair flailing. My car had just slid off the icy road into a ditch and it was getting dark. 

"Now, what?" I muttered to myself, realizing there was no way I could back my car out. I was stuck. 

I sat back thinking, knowing my cell phone was dead and I had lost the charger. I was going to get a new phone when I got home. "Who knew I would slide into a fucking ditch," I said to myself, angrily rationalizing my procrastinating tendency. 

"I'm going to have to hitchhike and see if I can find a phone," I thought, knowing it was dangerous for a woman to hitchhike but I had no choice. "Oh well, here goes," I said out loud, grabbing my backpack. 

I zipped up my down vest, pulled my wool cap down over my ears, flipped my scarf around my neck and opened the door. I had to squeeze out because the door was jammed against the side of the ditch. Once I wiggled my way out, I stood on the icy dirt and looked around. It was getting darker and it was obvious not a lot of people used this road. I realized if I didn't get picked up soon, no one would be able to see me. 

"I hope I don't get picked up by some pervert?" I thought, walking up the road a little, glancing back at the front of my car down in the ditch. I stood there feeling the wind through my faded jeans. Fortunately, I was wearing boots that came up near my knees, my jeans tucked in them. I was really in an isolated spot and saw no signs of houses, no lights, nothing but trees on both sides of the road. 

"No one's going to come," I muttered, then said, "Come on, Vicki, don't be negative. Think positive thoughts. Someone's going to come—everything's going to be alright."

I paced back and forth for about ten minutes, getting colder and looking in both directions, hoping a car would appear. "What should I do if a car doesn't come? Should I walk and hope I find a house or should I sit in the car and just wait it out? Damn what a mess I'm in. Why did I decide to take the fucking scenic route?" I muttered. "Why do I like the back roads? Why am I so stupid?" I added, letting my negative tendencies rise again. 

Suddenly, I thought I heard the sound of a car and got excited. "Maybe I'm in luck," I thought as I looked in the direction of the curve in the road. As the sound got closer, I saw the glow of headlights shining on the trees across from me. When I saw the car, I moved closer to the edge of the road and put out my thumb wishing I could make it longer and more emphatic as I extended my arm, waving it frantically. 

"I hope it stops, Please stop. Please stop," I whispered to myself, almost praying. 

I saw the car slow down but it did not stop until it was twenty or so feet ahead of me. It backed up as I ran towards the car. The window went down and I poked inside and saw a man with longish grey hair and a shaggy beard but couldn't see much more. 

"Looks like you're in a jam, miss," he said.

"Yeah, I slid off the road. I need to find a phone to call a tow truck." 

"Hop in," he said. "I live five minutes from here. You can use my phone."

I opened the door and got in, putting my back pack on the floor. The car was warm and the radio was playing classical music.

"Guess you're not used to driving on these icy roads," he said. 

"Yeah, I'm not from around here. I was on my way back to Boston after visiting an old friend from college and decided, stupidly, to take a back road."

He nodded and smiled at me. It was dark in the car, but I could see he had a nice smile. The classical music was soft and I relaxed, thinking he did not seem like a mad rapist. I don't usually listen to classical music but it was nice to listen to—kind of soothing. We were both quiet as he drove and I looked out the window. 

"Almost there," he said, as we turned down a dirt road. He drove slowly over the bumpy road, steering the car around pot holes. He turned down another narrower dirt road that had trees on both side and had a lot of curves."

"Where in the world are we?" I thought as we drove through the woods and then turned into a small lane. It was dark but I noticed solar panels when we turned and then drove up to a cabin surrounded by trees.

"Wow you really live in the woods, don't you? I said. 

"Yes, and off the grid," he said. "This is my Shangri la," he added as we parked. 

"Cool," I responded as I looked up at the cabin and saw a light in the window. 

I grabbed my backpack and followed him up a path to the front door. When we entered, I felt the warmth of the woodstove and saw the glow of coals. 

"How about if I make us some tea and I call George's garage and let him know the story," he said, taking off his wool cap. He then got some logs from the woodbin and threw them in the stove. "He'll get you out."

I looked around the cabin at all the wood. It was just one room but it had a kitchen area and a bathroom. He had a table by the window with his laptop on it. I noticed the plants on the window and a Begonia on the table. 

"This is such a nice place," I said as I walked around. "I never saw a wood ceiling," I said, looking up. 

"That wood is over two hundred years old," he said, putting water in the tea pot. "I got it from an old barn they took down about fifteen years ago." 

I took my down vest off and my wool hat and put it on the clothes pole he had near the door. 

"By the way, my name is Peter, what's yours?" 

"Vicki," I answered. "Short for Victoria," I added. 

"I guessed it was short for Victoria," he laughed, looking at me. I saw him glance at my tits then look away. "You don't look very Victorian," he said, smiling. 

I was wearing a tight turtle neck shirt and no bra—hate them and only wear one when I have to. My faded jeans were tight and I knew they looked good on me—especially with the boots. I can tell by the way guys look at me that they like what they see and I could tell Peter liked what he saw. I have to admit, I like being sexy and I like to fuck, but I am particular and don't let any guy get in my pants.

While the tea water was heating up, Peter went to the phone and dialed the number. He waited for several minutes, glancing at me and seemed concerned. "No answer," he said. "Maybe he's out on a call." 

He hung up just as the tea kettle whistled. "Take a seat, Vicki and we'll have some tea," he said. "I'll call again in fifteen minutes."

"It's so cozy here," I said as I sat down and watched him fill my cup and then his. 

I liked the way he moved around the cabin. He seemed so comfortable and had a quiet gentle way about him that I found appealing. His grey longish hair curled up in the back just above the collar of his flannel shirt. His beard was shaggy and he looked like he didn't really give much thought to his appearance. His jeans were worn and I liked that he took off his shoes as soon as he sat down at the table. 

"I never wear shoes in the house and love being barefooted," he said, smiling at me. He had a twinkle in his blue eyes when he smiled and I felt myself being attracted to him. I have a thing about older men that I don't quite understand, but I often had crushes on my professors at college and flirted with them, but nothing ever happened. Actually, Peter reminded me of one of the teachers I had a crush on. 

"So do you have a woman in your life," I asked. 

"Nope," he answered. "I got divorced two years ago." He took a sip of his tea looking at me over the edge of the cup. "We decided not to be in each others movie any more," he added. 

"That's a funny way of putting it," I said. I sipped my tea and looked at him over the edge of my cup. Again, I noticed the twinkle in his blue eyes. 

"Well, Vicki, it's not good to get in the way of someone's spirit. You just get out of the way and let go when it's time."

I thought about what he said and nodded. "Nice philosophy but it must have been painful for you."

"It was. I really loved her and we had a long history together. But we're friends, now and we wish each other well. It's best this way." 

He then got up and went to the telephone to dial the garage again. He had a little bit of a belly but was not fat. He was taller than my five feet three and I liked the way he smiled and how our eyes met when he dialed. "What a nice smile," I thought feeling myself getting turned on then tried pushing my attraction to him aside. "This is nuts," I thought.

"Still no answer," Peter said, sitting back down. "I'll try again in a little while. Meanwhile why don't you tell me about yourself? Do you have a guy in your life?"

"Nah!" I answered. "Nada." I shook my head. "I had a boyfriend up to a few months ago, but found out he was a jerk and was cheating on me—with my best friend, no less," I said, shaking my head as the thought awoke the pain and anger I felt. 

"Too bad," he said. "He must be stupid to let some one like you get away."

"Well, thank you," I said, suddenly feeling he was interested in me. "Your wife wasn't so smart to let you out of her life," I said, looking into his eyes. 

He chuckled and shrugged his shoulders. After a silence and a sip of his tea, he asked, "How old are you?" 

"Why do you want to know?" I asked, smiling, our eyes meeting. I was feeling relaxed with him and wanted to be playful. I took a sip of my tea, again, looking at him over the edge of the cup.

"Curious," he said. 

"I'm old enough to know what I want," I said. 

"Oh, really," he said, looking into my eyes. "And what do you want?"

"Ecstasy," I answered, suddenly feeling bold and wanting to tease him. 

"Ecstasy?" he repeated and laughed, then smiled. His smile and the way he looked at me was getting me even more turned on. He was leaning back in his chair with his legs stretched straight out towards me. He sipped his tea and our eyes met as I sipped mine. 

We were both silent, looking at each other. My pussy was starting to tingle and I was getting wet. I had to do something. I could tell he was not the aggressive type and if something was going to happen, I had to make it happen. The intensity in our eyes let me know he wanted what I wanted. Here I was in this guy's cabin in the woods—a stranger who picked up a hitchhiker. I could not believe the turn of events. I only knew was I was getting hot. At the same time I was a little frightened and intimated. "What's going on with me," I thought. "This is crazy." 

"So, what do you do in Boston?" he asked, tugging on his beard. 

"I'm a painter. I graduated from Boston School of the Arts eight years ago and I work as a waitress at this cool café."

"You're an artist," he said, nodding. "Nice," he added. 

"Yes, I have a studio in my apartment and I try to paint every day. That's why I like being a waitress because it doesn't tap into my creativity."

"What about you?" I asked, glancing over at his laptop. 

"I'm a writer," he answered. "I write novels and short stories, but lately, I mostly write poetry. I try to write a poem every day," he added. 

The more he spoke, the more I wanted him. 

"So do you ever get lonely here in the woods all by yourself," I asked, hoping to lead the conversation to a more intimate topic.

"Yes and no," he answered. "I love my solitude and it gives me the time and quiet to write without distractions. "But," he added and then stopped. He took a deep breath. "Sometimes I wish I had a lover, someone to share my bed but who didn't want more than I wanted. Do you know what I mean?"

"Yeah, you want a fuck buddy," I said, happy that the conversation was going in the direction that I wanted. "You want a lover who doesn't get in the way of your spirit—right," I added, letting him know I understood his philosophy.

"Right," he said, looking into my eyes. "A fuck buddy is a good way of putting it," he said. "I'm getting up there in years but I still feel youthful when it comes to sex, but it's been awhile."

Our eyes met again and I could tell he was getting turned on by me and I was already wet with wanting him. The sexual tension in the room was intense. I stretched my legs forward towards his and spread my legs, revealing my crotch. I leaned back in the chair causing my shirt to get tighter against my tips. I saw him look at my crotch and at my tits. Our eyes were fixed on each other. I was so hot I couldn't stand it. I had to make something happen. 

Suddenly, I got up and stood over his stretched out legs and looked down at him. I could see the bulge in his jeans. My tight jeans pressed against my pussy. I still had my boots on. Without a word, I sat down on his cock, straddling him and started to grind against him. He held my hips as I moved up and down his hard cock, our eyes fixed on each other.

"Mmmmmmmmmm I like this," I moaned. "Ohhhhhhh baby this feels so good."

I was afraid he would stop this but then he grabbed my ass and pulled me harder against him. His hands on my ass got me even more excited. 

I started to grind against him harder and he lifted himself off the chair to grind into me. Right then I didn't care if I ever saw my car again. We were now humping harder as our lust became more intense. We were fucking through our clothes and I felt on the verge of cumming and screamed, "I need your cock in me. I want your cock!"

Just then he lifted me off of him and stood up. He unbuttoned my jeans while I pulled off my boots. My jeans were half unzipped when he squeezed his hand inside and grasped my pussy, pressing against my soaked panties. I was surprised at how aggressive he was getting and liked it. He moved my panties aside and put his finger in my pussy.

"Oh fuck!" I screamed as he put a second finger in. "Ohhhhhhhfuck!" I yelled again. He held my ass and fucked me with his finger. His thumb rubbed against my clit and I lost it as a huge orgasm swept over me and my cum gushed all over his hands and my panties. 

"That's just a beginning of your ecstasy," he whispered in my ear, his fingers still in me. 

I was holding on to his shoulders to keep from falling as another wave swept over me. He then bent down and pulled off my boots. I held on to his head as he got them off and tossed them. He then pulled my jeans all the way off and threw them across the room. He turned me around and pushed me roughly down on the table. He spread my legs as I grasped the other edge of the table and felt him move his big cock up and down my dripping pussy. He then rammed his cock into me screaming, "You're so tight....Oh what a tight little pussy," he yelled as he pulled out and thrust into me harder. 

"Fuck me, Peter. Yes! Yes! I love it. I love your cock! FUCK ME" I screamed. My shirt was still on-- my tits pressed against the table. I was on the verge of cummming again when he pulled out. "Oh no! no! Don't stop! Keep fucking me."

"I will," he said. "You're going to get the fuck of you life, the ecstasy you want."

I could not believe my ears. No man has ever fucked or treated me like this. 

He grabbed my arms and pulled me across the room to his bed. He laid me down with my feet on the floor. He got down on the floor and spread my legs wide apart, my pussy completely open. He put my legs on his shoulder and then started kissing and licking my thighs. He moved his tongue slowly and stopped just below my pussy. I grabbed his hair and tried to get his mouth on my pussy, but he was determined to lick and kiss my other thigh. At last he licked my pussy lips and I was writhing on the bed as he teased my pussy with his tongue.

"Eat me! Eat me!" I screamed, again grabbing at his hair to pull his tongue into me. "Stop teasing me. Oh please, fuck me! Ohhhhhhhh fuck I need to cum."

I then felt him lick my clit and place his finger in me again. "OHHHHHHHH FUCK"! I screamed as his tongue and fingers drove me insane. 

Suddenly, I knew I had to take charge. I wanted his cock and no more teasing. I pulled away and shimmied my way further up on his bed. He looked at me and took off his jeans. Our hungry eyes met as he got on the bed and crawled up between my spread legs. I looked at his big hard cock. He looked at my eyes and then at my wide open pussy. 

As he got closer, hovering just above me, I got my hands on his chest and pushed him on to his back while I got up and straddled him. I looked down at him and lifted my self up and grabbed his cock, my pussy just above it and then came down on his hard cock. "Ohhhhhhhhmygod," I screamed as he filled me. I leaned forward and began rocking back and forth, loving how his cock rubbed against my clit. He held my ass as I moved slowly at first and then faster and faster. My tits were pressed against his chest. My hair was falling in front of my face. I quickly pushed it back so that we could look into each others eyes. I then sat straight up and grabbed my tits with both hands-- rubbing and pinching my nipples. 

"Ride me," he shouted. Ride me!" 

"Oh baby this feels so good," I said as I lifted myself and came down harder, feeling on the verge of cumming. "Ohhhhhhhh baby I'm going to cum. I'm cummming." 

He lifted himself off the bed and I rose up with him and them slammed down on his cock and felt this huge orgasm sweep over me. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh baby I'm cummmmmmming I'm cummming I screamed at the ceiling as wave aver wave rocked my body. 

Suddenly, he flipped me on to my back, got quickly between my legs and without a moment's hesitation, thrust his cock into me. He was taking me harder than I have ever been taken and I could not believe his strength and energy and at the same time, his caring. I could feel his body tense up as he rammed his cock deep into my pussy faster and harder. I knew he was on the verge of cummming. I looked up into his face and he was looking into my eyes. 

"OhhhhhVicki Vicki! Fuck me! Fuck me! I'm cummming," he shouted. 

I could feel another orgasm rising as he thrust hard. I lifted myself to him and suddenly my body convulsed in the biggest orgasm of my life and we were both screaming at the top of our lungs. He then collapsed on me and we both lay limp as noodles, gasping and panting. Neither of us could budge as we lay there desperately trying to catch our breath. 

We lay there for several minutes trying to return to earth. I could not think, but I knew that I had experienced what could only be described as ecstasy. I was beyond words. 

Finally, he rolled off of me and got me on my side, wrapping his arms around me. We were spooning—one of my favorite things in the world. I lay with my eyes closed, feeling the warmth of his body, my mind melting into the moment. The present was all that mattered, the smell and heat of our bodies, the glow of the wood stove, the way he lifted my hair and kissed the back of my neck, my shoulders. I felt his tenderness after our passion. 

As I lay there, in the quiet, my mind suddenly swirling with questions- now what, where is the heading, how did all of this happen, the sudden realization that I was in bed with a man I had just met. It's one thing to have my car in a ditch and another thing to be wrapped in the arms of a stranger in the woods in the middle of nowhere. Then I said to myself, "Vicki. Stop thinking--just be here." 

His arms pulled me closer to him. He whispered in my ear, "Stop thinking. Be here." It was as if he was reading my mind. 

I turned my head to face him and looked at his smiling eyes. "That was amazing," I said.

"It was ecstasy," he whispered, smiling and kissed me gently.

"Now what?" I asked.

He chuckled and then surprised me when he started to sing the words from an old song I remember hearing in a movie. His voice was soft as he sang, "For all we know, we may never meet again. We just have tonight. Tomorrow may never come, for all we know....."

He looked at me after he stopped singing. "Have you ever heard that old song?" he asked.
