 Anyone who has worked out at a fitness club has come across that one woman or man that made you instantly hungry for them. I’m enjoying a new gym, so this story was easy to write. Enjoy the story! Please vote and Leave feedback!

Twisted

Cal glanced down at the monitor of the Stair climbing machine and redoubled his efforts. He was a few minutes behind in his workout and wanted to finish on time. He had been a few hours late getting to the gym and had stayed longer than usual. Cal liked working out in the evening and it was fast approaching midnight and would soon be time for the gym to close. He was dripping sweat, and not all of it was because of his workout. Cal had been a member of the gym for almost six months, and had gotten himself into pretty good shape in that time. He liked the late evening because there were less people in the gym and he was generally left alone. He hated when people tried to strike up conversations, as it ruined his concentration. Tonight had been different.

Annie was in her mid twenties and an instructor at the gym. Cal had noticed her on his first day and had not stopped noticing her. She had shoulder length brown hair that she usually kept in a ponytail and a pretty face with just enough attitude that kept her on the hot side of bitchy. Annie was slim but well toned and had a flawless all over tan. Cal had to keep himself from drooling any time she walked by. He was usually very composed except on days that she wore outfits that exposed her belly. The bellybutton ring she sported gave him an instant erection, but it was the sun and moon tattoo on the small of her back that made Cal want to rip her clothes off and fuck her on the spot.

For the six months that Cal had worked out at the gym, he had spoken to Annie in pleasantry only. The short conversations usually centered on the weather and other such mundane topics, or Annie’s pleasant but canned encouragements such as ‘Looking great’ or ‘your doing so well’. Cal knew that a thirty five year old married man was far from what this young woman was looking for and was content to keep his fantasies to himself. Tonight had changed his thinking. He had only been a few minutes into his routine when Annie climbed onto the machine next to his. He kept his head facing forward as to not stare at her, but a tap on his shoulder made him realize that she had been talking to him.

Cal removed his headphones and kept running. “I’m sorry, I didn’t hear you. How’s it going?” He said through a few huffs.

Annie smiled back at him as she began to pick up a steady stride. “I’m good. I didn’t get to workout this morning so I figured a get a quick set in. I hope you don’t mind me using this machine but I get bored when no one else is around?” She asked.

“No, not at all. I don’t mind talking.” Cal lied. He hating talking while working out, but would chat up a storm if it were with her.

Annie was a natural talking once she got going, and Cal found out more about her in an hour than he had in six months. She talked about the music she liked and he wasn’t surprised to find that she enjoyed hitting the dance clubs a few times a week. Annie glanced over at his machine as her set was winding down and whistled.

“You’ve really improved. That’s a pretty tough program you’re running. It takes some people years to be able to build up to that level.” She told him.

Cal laughed and shook his head. “I think your just saying that to make me feel good.” He replied as he finally began to slow down his strides.

“No, I’m serious. You’ve done quite a bit since joining the club. Both you and your wife.” Annie explained. 

Cal slowly came to a halt and checked his read out. Even though Annie had distracted him, he had still finished above his usual workload for the time allotted. He hadn’t failed to notice Annie’s mentioning of his wife. It was like a huge sign that said ‘no pussy for you married guy!’ Cal toweled his face off while Annie did the same.

“I’m going to grab a bottle of water. Do you want one?” Annie asked as she headed over to the juice bar. Cal eyes zoomed directly to her tattoo as she walked about and the bouncing cheeks below it. He was like a deer caught in the headlights of a car.

“Hey! Do you want a water?” Annie asked again, while also raising her voice. 

Cal was abruptly shaken out of his trance. Annie was standing staring back at him and waiting for his answer. “Oh yeah. I’ll take one.” He stammered. He quickly toweled his face again so as not to see her reaction. She had caught him looking and he was sure that she now saw him as some rude jerk. He was somewhat relieved when she returned with the water and showed no signs of being angry.

“We’re the last two here, and I was thinking about hitting the steam room. Do you want to join me for a while before I close up?” Annie asked after taking a healthy chug of her water.

Cal wasn’t sure what to make of it, but was sure the situation was innocent. It was late and he would usually skip the steam room to head home, but he couldn’t give up a chance of seeing Annie wrapped in only a towel. He thought that if he were lucky he might even see a peek of things through the towel.

“Sure thing. Which one?” Cal asked since the men and women had separate steam rooms in their respective locker areas.

“I’ll change and meet you in the men’s Steam room.” Annie decided. She left him so that she could lock the doors, and Cal quickly made his way down to the locker room. 

Cal quickly stripped off his gear and wrapped a towel around his waist. He didn’t know why, but he felt like a schoolboy. He didn’t want to be the last one coming into the room and having Annie watch him. The Steam felt great and despite his nervousness Cal found himself relaxing against the wall. His eyes were closed when the door opened and he caught a quick glimpse of Annie before the door closed and she was shrouded in steam.

“I love sitting in here after a good workout. It feels so good to sweat in the moisture. It feels so different than sweating while exercising.” Annie said as she climbed on the bench next to Cal.

Cal tried to act nonchalant but was unnerved by Annie’s closeness. He glanced over at her and found that she had laid her head back and was enjoying the steam. She had wrapped a towel around her mid section and it was barely long enough to cover her crotch. Cal did notice with some excitement that it was a small towel and a thin strip of skin showed on one side where the towel did not meet. Cal didn’t want to push his luck and he reluctantly tore his gaze from her. He closed his eyes to enjoy the steam and the tension of having Annie so close.

“I have to ask you something. Do you have any tattoos?” Annie asked after a few minutes of silence.

Cal breathed in the steam and kept relaxing. “Nope. I want to get one, but I’ve been putting it off for the right time.” He said.

“Okay, so you do like them.” 

“Yeah. I think some people overdo them, but a strategically placed tattoo can be very cool.”

“So was it my tattoo or my ass you were so captivated by earlier?” Annie said bluntly and with a hint of mirth in her voice.

Cal was caught off guard and didn’t know what to say. The question made him sit upright. He looked over to Annie, but her head was still thrown back and her eyes closed.

“It is a pretty nice tattoo. Where did you have it done?” He finally answered, and tried to shift the topic.

Annie lifted her head and through the steam he could see her eyes open. “I got it done somewhere last year. Are you telling me you don’t like my ass?” She asked, returning to the first topic.

“Yeah, it’s very nice.” Cal replied. He wasn’t sure where this was going, but he wasn’t going to back down. Maybe Annie was teasing him, but his cock was responding to it nonetheless.

“I think it’s better than just nice.” Annie said. She stood up with an arm holding the towel in place. “I think most guys would say it was better than ‘nice’.”

“I didn’t want to sound like an ass. It is much better than ‘nice’, it’s fucking fantastic.” Cal said. He was rapidly becoming bolder. Annie looked at him through the steam, but Cal could not read her face. He watched as she slowly unfastened her towel and let it drop to the floor. Her body was as sweet as he had imagined and he could hear his breath as it hissed inward between his clenched teeth.

“So what about the rest of me?” Annie asked. She pivoted on one foot and slowly turned a circle.

“Much better than I ever imagined.” Cal answered. His cock was already pressing up against his towel as he soaked in her view.

“I like someone who appreciates me. Too many people are so focused on themselves. I like it when someone focuses on me. It leaves me free to turn my full attention to them.” Annie walked back over to the bench and grabbed Cal’s towel. She pulled it open and watched as his cock bobbed free.

“Mm…you do appreciate me. Do you want me?” Annie teased

“Yes, very much.” Cal responded. His voice was throaty and bordered on a growl.

“I hope you can handle it. I can get very kinky when I’m hot and ready.”

Annie slid onto his lap and pressed one of her breasts to his mouth. Cal clasped her nipple in his mouth and sucked on it like a baby. Her breasts were average in size, but her nipples were stiff and long and her skin tasted of sweat and coconut oil. He sucked the hot nipple and lathed his tongue over it until Annie ground herself down on his trapped cock.

Annie pulled away with a quick jerk that left Cal’s tongue flailing in his mouth. She pulled herself up and perched upon the shelf behind Cal’s head. She lowered her cunt to his mouth and Cal salivated as the pink flower came closer. He could smell her muskiness from arousal as well as her workout and the steam carried her scent. He lifted his head to meet her and his mouth pressed deeply between her lips.

Annie came to rest on Cal's mouth and he furiously lapped at her cunt. Her juices were thick and mixed with sweat, but the musky flavor excited Cal like a wild animal. He drilled his tongue into her and sucked at her lips before pulling back just enough to savor the heady taste of her entire crotch. Annie’s ass was slippery from the steam and Cal’s fingers kept slipping as her gripped her cheeks to spread her open. When one of his fingers accidentally slipped into the slippery cleft of her ass, Annie wiggled her approval. Cal took the hint and pressed a finger into her ass. He met little resistance as it slid knuckle deep into her buttery hole.

“Fuck…fuck…fuck.” Annie repeated continuously as Cal drilled his finger into her poop hole.

Cal began to suck on her clit as he thrust in an out of her hole. The steam and sweat provided a natural lube that helped him smoothly plumb her hole. Cal could feel the muscles in Annie’s legs flex and knew that she was working herself up for a massive climax. He hummed on her clit as his tongue swirled around and battered the nub, causing Annie to bounce against his mouth. Her pussy was already flowing like a river when she her body went stiff. Cal could feel her cunt bulge against his lips as her internal muscles convulsed and then a sudden gush of cream spurted against his mouth.

Cal opened his mouth and lapped at her cunt with his flat tongue. He caught three more gushes of her cream before Annie began to slide from her perch. Cal kept his finger embedded in her ass as she slid down his chest. He waited anxiously as she gripped his hard cock and guided up into her descending snatch.

Cal hissed as his cock made contact with her lips. He was amazed as Annie sat straight down, not taking any time to adjust herself to his cock. Her cunt was slippery and hotter than the sauna and he was engulfed inside of her to the very root of his cock.

“Oh fuck that feels good.” Annie crooned. She hunched her hips forward and set up a slowly by powerful rhythm. The strokes were little more than an inch in depth, but Cal felt her tight cunt stroking the full length of his shaft. He leaned in and kissed her for the first time, and her tongue wrapped around his like velvet. Her breath burst into his mouth in heaves and they soon broke away breathless.

“Fuck my ass too…fuck it deep.” Annie urged. The position allowed Cal perfect access to her ass and he eagerly complied with her wishes. He wiggled a second finger against the first that was still lodged in her ass and then slowly pushed it in. Annie leaned forward and bit his shoulder as he worked the second finger in with the first. Cal twisted them slowly and opened her ass further. Within a few minutes he had both fingers buried deep in her ass and was deftly massaging her sticky passage.

Annie’s cunt was becoming more than Cal could bear. The excitement of the situation was pushing him over the edge and he began to thrust up to meet her. Annie felt him but kept her weight firmly on his lap, not allowing him to change the stroke. Cal felt as if here were going to lose his mind if he didn’t cum, and his franticness was reflected in the save way he was thrusting his fingers into Annie’s ass. He finally felt the point of no return approaching and his body moved on it’s on volition. He growled and yelled, as his stomach became a mass of knots and his cock swelled to the point that it was almost painful. He could feel the semen surge up his cock and coat the walls of Annie’s grasping cunt. He felt as if he were going to cum forever and shuddered, as Annie’s cunt became a sticky pool.

When Cal finally recovered he found that Annie was gripping his neck tightly and his fingers were buried deep in her ass with his knuckles grinding for entry. He began to pull his fingers free but Annie hugged him even tighter.

“No. Not yet. I want you nice and hard so you can service my ass properly.” She groaned in his ear. Annie began to squeeze her cunt muscles in a steady rhythm and Cal soon felt his cock regaining its full strength. He could feel their combined juices oozing out and dripping down his balls as Annie stroked him back to firmness.

“Oh yeah, that feels so good. I don’t want to end but I want this cock stuffed up my tight ass.” Annie crooned. Annie wiggled a bit then pulled herself up on unsteady legs. She yelped as she caused Cal’s fingers to slip from her ass. Cal watched her pink hole gape open and wink before Annie turned around and knelt on the bench next to him.

“I want you to fuck my ass good and hard. Make me feel like I can’t live without it plowing my hole.” Annie commanded, a forcefulness returning to her voice.

Cal stood up and maneuvered behind her while Annie grabbed her ass cheeks and spread them wide, exposing her well prepared fuck hole. Cal enjoyed anal sex with his wife, and banging this woman’s heavenly ass was a bonus to an already unbelievable fuck. He leaned back a bit as he guided his cock toward its goal. He wanted to see everything. Cal tried to take it slow and grunted as the head of his cock slowly sank into the expanding ring of her ass. Once the head was in he pressed forward and slid his entire length inside her clutching hole. The ring of her ass was tight and her ass was even hotter and stickier than her cunt.

“Oh shit! Stuff my ass!” Annie cried.

Cal pulled his cock almost all of the way out before thrusting back in. He was trying to take it easy and not hurt her, but Annie kept urging him on. “You don’t want my ass! If you wanted it you’d fuck me so hard that your balls would be trying to get inside.” She yelped.

Both of their bodies were coated in sweat and steam and Cal had to constantly blink in order to see. His fingers kept slipping on her slippery skin until he gripped her hips and dug his fingers into her soft flesh. Cal was actually holding onto the bones of her hips as he slammed his cock into her slurping ass. His voice became a hoarse growl as he punished her ass and gave her everything she wanted. He could barely hear her voice over his as she wailed and pleaded with him to continue.

Annie’s hands were clenched into fists and she began beating them against the bench’s ledge. Cal felt her body stiffen and threw himself into her with all he had, his cock hammering deep into her. Her ass was making loud squelching sounds and her legs were shaking violently. Annie finally stiffened and her whole body convulsed. She lay her head down on the shelf and beat her fists violently as she climaxed. She lost all control as she came and squirted piss in heavy splashes all over the bench. Cal’s feet and thighs caught some of the blast, and the sheer kinkiness of it all caused his cock to lurch.

That old familiar built quickly but powerfully and Cal gave her everything he had. When his cock burst forth with a fresh load of cum he slammed his cock in as deep as possible and milked it into her ass with short, hard strokes. He finally collapsed on her back, panting and heaving while her ass continued to quiver and convulse around his cock. 

It was a few long minutes before Cal had the strength to move. He peeled himself from Annie’s back and slowly pulled his cock free from her ass. He was surprised that he was still not completely soft as his cock slipped free, which caused Annie to groan from the loss. Cal watched as her ass gaped open and a sticky river of his cum flowed from her hole. He was ready to sit down when Annie slowly slid from her position and was amazed that she still had the energy to move.

“I told you I was a kinky girl.” Annie said through heaves of air. She slid down to a sitting position on the bench and gripped his cock in her hand. It was sticky with his cum and her own juices, but he watched as she licked the head then plunged the entire thing into her mouth. Cal groaned as his tool slipped into her throat and she milked him clean. His mind was willing but his flesh was weak, and he could do nothing but enjoy her throat massage.

Annie eventually pulled away with a loud suction sound, leaving his cock clean as could be. She sagged back on the bench exhausted while Cal could do nothing but drop to his knees where he stood. He laid his head on her lap and took deep heavy breaths. The smell of her cunt, ass and their sex filled the room, and it was intoxicating as the best perfume.

It took all of the strength they had to leave the room and stumble to a shower. A bath would have been better as they spent the entire time kneeling on the shower floor. The washed each other and relaxed as the warm water washed over them. Cal took the time to carefully wash Annie’s ass, which had slowly closed shut. He felt proud that she praised his fucking ability and hoped he could have another session with her soon.

They parted ways as Annie locked the door to the gym. Her apartment was nearby and Cal still needed to get home to his wife. He planned on telling her everything that had happened. She also thought Annie was hot and he knew the perfect way to get the two of them together. He hoped Annie would get a good night sleep. She was teaching the aerobic class that his wife would be attending in the morning. He had a feeling that she would need her energy.