 Several years ago, I won the state lottery and, quite suddenly, I found myself with more money that I could ever possibly spend. Even in my wildest dreams. That's what this story is all about--my wildest dreams.

Ever since I was about 16, I have been consumed with sex. My life's deep focus was certainly of a sexual nature. Every waking moment, it seemed, was spent fantasizing, if not pursuing, sex. I never considered myself normal in this way, as most of the people I knew, while "into" sex, weren't really as consumed by it as I was.

Around the time I got my first apartment, I began my obsession with pornography. Not Playboys and R-rated movies, you understand, but hard core videos, magazines and other stimulations which my raging body just couldn't resist. Before too long, I was familiar with every porno star, and knew all their special talents by heart. I especially enjoyed watching the men, who, with their long, heavy cocks, would fuck onscreen or in the pages of my favorite magazines for what seemed like an eternity. I always smirked a little, because when I was about 19, I realized my cock was bigger than all of theirs, and the puny little dribbling cumshots they'd produce were no comparison to the pouring ropes and gushes which spewed from my big dick. I've measured it many times, and, now, at the age of 33, it seems to have peaked at just over 10.5" when fully hard and close to cumming.

The major difference between those porno studs and me was their developed, attractive bodies. How I wished I had the muscular build that most of them possessed. Unfortunately, I was just average in the body type department. I am a big man, standing 6'3", and at the time, I probably weighed about 235. While not fat, I was mostly non-descript, just on the edge of what you'd call flabby. I had a nice distribution of body hair, including a mat of black, curly hair that ran rather symmetrically across my chest. My forearms were also hairy, tapering down at my wrists, with just the right amount of hair on my hands. A thick line of hair traveled down my belly, and expanded into a sexy, heavy bush of very wiry-looking pubic hair. My balls, however, were very smooth. My ass had just a little fuzzy hair on it, which joined at my thighs with heavier hair, which very beautifully, covered my legs right down to my ankles.

If only I could get the discipline to work out regularly and seriously. I was sure I could challenge any of those porno men for the beautiful women they were fucking and sucking with in those sex-drenched videos and magazines I was so addicted to. The problem was that working so hard at my office job just to make ends meet had me so exhausted that I was simply unable and unwilling to put in the time that I would have needed to develop my physique.

All that changed overnight, as it seems, when I won the lottery. Within days, my bank account had over $310,000 in it and I was guaranteed another $310,000 every year for the next 19 years! The jackpot I hit was a big one--nearly 21 million--and the annual checks were more than I could have imagined. Needless to say, I quit my job in Ohio and immediately moved out to the California coast. I bought myself a beautiful condo right off the beach, and furnished it with everything I ever wanted. There, at the age of 26, I definitely had the world by the balls. I built a special entertainment room, which featured state-of-the-art audio and video, and watching huge cumshots on a wall-size screen just increased the intensity of the constant desire which flamed in my guts.

I had been living there about 2 months, pretty much just enjoying the pool and the house when I saw an ad for one of those "private trainers", who guaranteed results. It all seemed on the up and up, and I made an appointment for later that afternoon. When we met, Matt was all business, which was something I had forgotten all about. He looked me over in my silk shorts, and asked me to remove my T-shirt. After a few seconds, he explained the terms of his offer. Matt would work with me for 2-3 hours per day, estimating that in 18 months time, I would have the body I wanted. He showed me pictures of other clients he worked for, and they all looked fantastic. I hired him on the spot, writing him a check for the first month, $2,500.

When we first began, I nearly fired him. He worked me so hard, on so many different pieces of equipment, that I thought my arms and legs would fall off. Matt believed in free weights to develop the muscular look I wanted so badly, and, in aerobic exercises, which made the body strong and able to withstand just about any physical demand. After only 2 weeks of working with Matt, I began to see my body change and I felt so much better.

After 6 months time, my waist had shrunk from a 37 to a 33, and my arms were starting to look big, even when I wasn't working out. I was curling 110 pounds with each arm 30 times a day, and right after the workout, my biceps began to take on the look of coconuts.

After 12 months, I was thrilled by the way my body had responded. My neck and shoulders had filled out broadly, my pecs were defined and hard as rocks, and my washboard stomach tapered down to very sexy thighs. My body was sensational. With nothing more than time on my hands, I also took care of some cosmetics. I had all my teeth straightened and whitened, and, at a tanning parlor I was frequenting, the guy in charge of the tanning beds, who was openly gay, offered to trim my body hair. I couldn't believe it when he was finished and I looked at myself in the mirror. All of my chest hair, which now covered a bulging, swollen pair of pecs, looked like a freshly cut lawn. Best of all was my pubic hair, which he had cut down and trimmed so neatly. I finally had my fantasy of the porno body that I had yearned for since I could remember.

Matt felt that a few more months of hard work and I'd be there, so to speak. Every week, it seemed, we picked a different part of my body to emphasize. Matt reminded me of a gardener who would carefully trim a different section of the garden each day, and eventually, the entire garden just got greener, plusher and more developed. That was what happened to my body under his expert care.

When we reached about 16 months of workouts, Matt "discharged" me, and after tossing him a bonus of $5,000, we went out for a farewell drink. It was then, at that point, that I confessed to Matt my motivation for what I'd just gone through for all that time. Matt just laughed and said that I probably had too much money and too much time on my hands. I couldn't argue, and we both had a good laugh. Just before he left, Matt scribbled down a phone number in LA for me, and told me to call when I had ALOT of money to spend and a horny, hard cock. I was intrigued and, upon arriving home, I called the number.

The woman who answered the phone had the sexiest, soft voice I had ever heard, and when I told her Matt had given me the number, she began to explain what services they offered. Simply put, it was a "model's studio", which employed the cream of the crop models in the LA area. Most, Jennifer told me, were probably recognizable from the best XXX videos on the market. There was always a number of women to choose from, and while they were very, very expensive, there had been very few complaints on the satisfaction they provided. That was all I really needed to hear.

I began planning my visit there in earnest. I went out and bought a pair of very expensive jeans, which seemed flattering even in the store's dressing room. I went to a men's boutique and purchased a $90 shirt that buttoned down and, lastly, a pair of real macho cowboy boots. I looked myself over in the mirror and felt great. My goal was nearly in sight. Last thing I did was spend about 5 hours a day for 2 weeks tanning my body nice and evenly at poolside. All I wore was a black, nylon thong, which, besides weighing down heavily at the crotch, seemed little more than thread. I must admit that I turned quite a few heads. In truth, all I could think about was the women I would have to pick from at the modeling place. My last stop was back to my gay friend for another body hair trim. I told him it was for a very special event, and he outdid himself. I had to hand it to him. I was as close to perfect as one could get!

The day had arrived, and I lounged by the pool for one last tanning session. The warm sun felt so good against my body. I had met a guy who had scored some very expensive, very exotic pot for me. I would take two joints with me that evening. I laid down for a late afternoon nap, and woke up around 8:30pm. My housekeeper had left me some dinner prepared before she left for the day. It was a pasta dish, as I had specifically requested--I knew I'd be needing lots of protein and carbohydrates. I also took a triple dose of vitamin E, which I was hoping would increase my semen volume. I hadn't cum for nearly 4 days, and my natural production of the stuff was starting to back up on me.

After showering and shaving, I got dressed, putting the joints in my top pocket, and headed out to the car. While still sitting in the driveway, I used the carphone to call the place. Another equally sexy sounding lady told me that there were plenty of women to choose from that night, and as I began to feel my temperature rise, I started the car and began the 20 minute drive into the City of Angels.

The address I had been given was an old home on the outskirts of Los Angeles. It was in a fashionable neighborhood, and I parked my Blazer curbside. The front door was locked, and I rang the bell. After about 20 seconds, the door swung open and I found myself face-to-face with a gorgeous woman. I told her that I had called earlier and that I wanted to see what might be available for the evening. She looked up at me, smiled, and took my hand, leading me into a room off the foyer that was set up like an executive's office, complete with a large wooden desk, a highback leather chair and decorations that were more tasteful than I had expected. She introduced herself as Monique, and began to explain the different offerings that were available. She was up front about the money. Monique explained that "her girls" were the best in Los Angeles, and that the only offering was for an all night stay. The cost?...$10,000. I didn't blink an eye, and smoothly opened my wallet, peeling off 10 one thousand dollar bills. Monique tried to stay calm, but I could sense her excitement at seeing all that cash. Monique told me that she'd like to introduce me to some of her friends, who were waiting in the next room. I could barely contain myself.

When we walked into the main room, which was basically a living room, I could not believe my eyes. There were 8 of the most beautiful women I had ever laid eyes on. Immediately, I recognized 3 of them from porn videos I had recently rented. I could feel the bulge in my pants begin to ache. My eyes fell instinctively upon this blonde, who was standing up next to the couch. Her near-platinum hair was all teased up, which gave her that sex-soaked look. Her face was flawless, and her body was incredible. I guessed to myself that she was about 23, and her eyes met mine like a head-on crash of two powerful vehicles. Her lips were full and luscious, and the wisps of hair followed down to her long, sleek neck, and then, to a chest that seemed in absolute, full bloom. I could see her pointed nipples right through the sheer material she was wearing, and they topped what had to be 44 inch tits. Considering the relative petiteness of her body, they were incredibly big, firm and just begging to be handled. I noticed her hands next, and the bloodred polish on her long, sexy nails. I literally couldn't take my eyes off of her. Monique sensed my immediate attraction, and, taking me by the hand, led me over to Tara. Tara looked me straight in the eye and boldly told me that I was perhaps the sexiest man she'd ever seen. Now, I don't know if she was just selling herself or what, but, I knew she was definitely the one for me. And if you had heard that sexy little voice, I'm sure you would have understood why my cock really began to swell. Monique turned to me and announced quietly that Tara had a rather strange sexual circumstance. I looked at her, then at Tara, and then back at Monique. In a near whisper, Monique told me that Tara seemed to have a second clit, which was located deep within her throat. Tara just smiled at me, and licked her lips. I thought my legs might give out at that point, but, fortunate for me, they maintained their composure. It was the combination of her delicate femininity and her seemingly insatiable lust that had the blood coursing throughout my body at a near boil.

I gave Monique the nod, and Tara led me upstairs to her room, which contained a big, comfortable couch and a king-size bed. Tara motioned for me to join her on the couch, and we sat very close to each other. She reached over and began feeling my biceps, and I could see from the look in her eyes that she really admired muscle. I removed my shirt, in order for her to more fully enjoy what I had worked so hard for. She couldn't keep her hands off my chest, stomach and arms, raking her sexy fingernails across the various parts of my body. I, in turn, couldn't hold back anymore, and reached out for those beautiful breasts. Tara obliged by taking off her shirt, to expose those beautiful breasts. When I saw those beautiful nipples, I was in heaven. They sat high up on her breasts, which she held for me, causing the lust to increase ten-fold. My hands were soon fondling them, and soon after that, my mouth was affixed to her sexy, almost rubberlike nipples, moving from one to another.

Tara was obviously enjoying this, and I could tell she wanted more. She began squeezing my crotch, and her moans told me she liked what she was feeling. She asked me to take my pants off, and before she had to ask again, they were history. My cock was getting harder, and my balls were all kinds of swollen. She could not keep her hands off me. I knew that we were moving way too quickly and just her hand squeezing my balls was bringing me way too close. Hell, I'd worked too damn hard for this to be over that quickly!

I backed off a little bit and asked her if she wanted to smoke a joint. She giggled a little and said she'd love to. I found my discarded shirt, and pulled one of the rolled joints from the top pocket. We each took long, deep tokes on the bone, until we had smoked it about 2/3 of the way down. Within about 10 minutes, my body was literally humming with pleasure and the thought of sex with Tara was creeping into my mind like an orchestral crescendo.

I pulled her back over by me, and we began to kiss again. Within seconds, her hands were all over my cock and balls while my hands played with those huge tits. I really don't know who was enjoying it more! Soon, Tara got down on her knees, kneeling in front of me as I sat on the couch. Her tongue was taking long, heavy licks at my big, smooth balls, as my hand began to jerk my cock off. I could feel those licks all the way to the bottom of my feet, and my legs were feeling such intense pleasure, I never wanted it to end. Soon enough, Tara's tongue began to lick it's way up the underside of my cock, steadily applying pressure to that big cumtube on the underside. All I could do was groan. Eventually, her lips had reached the swollen head, which seemed so vulnerable as her sexy mouth approached it.

Before I could even think about it, Tara had that big head inside her mouth and just seemed to savor it. She occasionally released it, but only to lick that sensitive ridge that runs along the very edge. Her licking was so perfectly complimented by her hand, which just seemed to drive me crazy as it stroked my huge cock up and down. I was already feeling close to cumming, but remembering Monique's description of Tara having a clit deep inside her throat made me hold off. Soon enough, Tara had that big head back inside her mouth, except this time, she went a little deeper, probably sucking it about 2 inches below the head. That is such a turn on for me. Tara was rhythmically moving up and down on that much of my cock, while at the same time, using her tight fist around the shaft, never stopping that jerking motion. In my very stoned condition, with every sensual nerve ending magnifying the pleasure 1000-fold, I felt that I had died and gone to heaven.

My cock had stiffened to well over 10 inches by this time, and it was rock hard. The blue veins which ran up and down it's length seemed to be glowing and my balls were tightening up as her other hand massaged them endlessly. How much longer could I hold off...?

Tara looked up into my eyes, and her look was one of lust and desire. For a fleeting second, I wondered if perhaps, Tara ought to have been paying me for all this sexual excitement. Anyway, before I could think of much more, her sexy mouth began that long descent down my big cock. I watched in awe as she pushed further and further down on me until I saw her upper lip bang down against my bush. I had never, ever felt that before, and the feeling was incredible. My eyes rolled to the back of my head as she held her widened mouth tight around the base of my wet, full, incredibly thick cock. She seemed to be taking it's measure before pulling back up on it ever so slowly. Her lips seemed to vibrate as she moved at the perfect slow speed right up to the tip. Her two hands held my cock at the very base, and when her mouth lifted off it for a moment, a big string of precum connected us. It was as hot as it gets. Tara never took her eyes off of my cock. Once again, she began devouring it, moving slowly down that still thickening shaft. What made her cocksucking so incredible was that she was able to slide her tongue out over her lower lip and swab the underside of my shaft before the velvety pressure of her lips had me groaning in pleasure. When she once again hit bottom, her tongue just lapped and lapped at the base of my cumtube, which was practically pulsing in heat. The tip of her tongue barely reached my balls, which by this time, were truly ready to burst. I could feel the pressure of all my cum welling up deep in my guts, yet all I could manage was a low groan. As she pulled back up, milking more of that pre-cum which she seemed to adore, she, too, sensed that the end was near. She grabbed my cock at the base, barely able to reach her sexy hand around it, and began very determined pumping. Her mouth worked equally hard right below the head, and the combination of her actions put me right over the top. Deep in my body, I could feel the roar of a huge orgasm starting, and, probably because of the potency of the pot, it just seemed to go on and on before I actually began to shoot.

Tara was in total control, knowing that my cock was about to shoot like a fucking hose. Her strokes were perfectly matched to the beating of my heart, and suddenly, her mouth came off of my huge dick. The head was nearly purple. Her hand now stroked me hard the length of my cock, and her other hand tugged lustfully at my rockhard, tightened balls. Her first two fingers massaged that area between my balls and my ass, and as my body seemed to spasm, a huge spurt of cum drove straight up in the air, nearly 3 feet high. Her mouth moved quickly toward it, and most of it splashed her on the descent. Suddenly, another and yet another rope in rapid succession hit her in the face and this time, it was Tara that moaned. I could sense I was only about a third of the way through cumming, and even more cum tossed at her sexy face. The trajectory was less, but the volume seemed to increase. For a momentary second, her eyes looked a little frightened as she began to realize just how much cum I was actually shooting, and she could tell there was plenty more. Her tongue lapped the head and another heavy gush flooded her face, dripping down off her chin onto those magnificent tits. Just the sight of it made me almost cum again. Finally, my cock stopped shooting, as Tara lovingly gulped the huge mouthful that she had greedily collected. Her eyes told me that she was more than satisfied.
