 Gavin was only about twenty minutes late but it was noticed by almost everyone on the staff. He worked in the claims call centre of a big insurance company and anyone missing automatically meant that the rest had to work harder to cover for him. Besides which all extensions were monitored so that any non-operating workstations were soon noticed.

Gary's next-door neighbour desk wise was Jacqui, a dusky big-breasted girl of about twenty-two. Gary knew she had a partner, a hooker with the local Rugby League team. He had seen her with him once or twice; he was built like a brick shithouse!

"You're going to cop it," she grinned as he slid into his chair. "Couldn't you get your cock out of her cunt? Good morning, Concept Insurance, how may I help you?"

Gary switched on his equipment. "Good morning, Concept Insurance, how may I help you?"

His morning had started and soon he was into the rhythm. After about twenty minutes a note dropped on to his desk. It was from his supervisor. 'See me at next break', it read. Fuck it!

Soon he was seated in front of his supervisor. Ann Taylor was about twenty-eight, tall, blonde with protruding tits. She was separated from her husband and was keen to progress within the Concept Insurance group. Unbeknown to Gary, she was also horny, having been without for about four weeks now.

"You let the team down this morning Gary. What do you have to say for yourself?"

For some reason Gary's new sexual self-confidence asserted itself. He stood and looked Ann in the eye.

"I'm sorry Ann, it won't happen again. It's just that I spent my first night ever with a girl last night and she wanted attending to this morning as well. That's why I'm late and that's the truth."

Ann Taylor looked at Gary's crotch; his cock twitched and she saw it. She also stood up and Gary relaxed. He was going to get away with it! She walked around her desk and stood in front of Gary with her back to it. She looked at his crotch again. Despite his last night's exertions, Gary's prick was definitely on the rise.

Ann suddenly sat on her desk and spread her thighs, revealing her standard white panties as her skirt rode up her hips. Gary was mesmerised and his cock was now at full stand.

"What are you going to do to ease my tension and make me happy Gary? Careful now, one false move and I'll have you in front of Jack Steed."

Taking a deep breath, Gary reached to his waistband and pulled down his zip. He produced his cock, hard fat and long; about nine inches long!

"Will this help you Ann?" he said, holding his shaft and revealing his red knob end.

"Fucking Hell," gasped his boss, reaching for her panties. "That's a beauty Gary. Were you really a virgin until last night?"

"Yes ma'am, what do you think?"

"That's just gotta be the biggest I've ever seen." said his boss as she frantically pulled her panties down and kicked them off. "Stick that monster in here Gary, I've just got to have it, now!"

Gary stepped forward, cock in hand. He pushed Ann backwards across her desk and spread her thighs. He positioned his knob end in the entrance to her wet cunt and put his hands on her tits.

"Are you sure you want it Ann? My break's nearly over and I've got to get back to my desk!"

"I'll fuckin' decide how fuckin' long your fuckin' break is!" snarled Ann. "Now fuck me damn it!"

Gary obliged. Ann's cunt felt slacker than Betty's or Barbara's but it sure was wet and hot. He started shafting her hard and fast.

"That's it you bastard! Fuck me hard and fuck me good!"

Gary all too soon felt the onset of another ejaculation.

"Where shall I shoot it Ann," he gasped as he gripped hard on to her tits.

"On my tits," squealed Ann. "open my blouse, you fucker!"

Gary ripped open her blouse and pushed her bra up to reveal her tits. As Ann squealed into an orgasm he pulled out and shot a load of his spunk all over her tits. He watched as Ann slowly regained use of her faculties, looking down at his offering on her teats.

Gary stowed his cock away. "I'll get back to my station then boss. Call me if you need me again!"

Gary repaired to the toilet and then resumed his place next to Jacqui. She dropped her earpiece and looked at him hard.

"You don't look like a guy that's just been roasted by Ann Taylor. What happened?"

Gary grinned at her, looking meaningfully at her stupendous chest.

"Let's just say that she's satisfied with my performance."

"Whaaat! Do you mean what I think you mean? What have you got in your pants? Nobody has ever mentioned your performance before Gary."

Gary grinned at her. "That's because until last night no girl had ever seen me. Now I know that I'm considered more than adequate I've got a lot of self-confidence."

"Can I have a look at it please Gary?"

"You've got a big black hooker for a partner Jacqui. I don't want to be messing with any jealous boy-friend as big as he is!"

"Huh! He's not as big as you might think in the cock department. I want to see a really big one! Let me see it?"

Gary glanced around. Their two desks were fairly hidden away. He slowly pulled down his zip. His cock was almost at full stretch again. He pulled his prick out and showed it to Jacqui.

"Fuckin' Jesus Christ almighty!" she said irreverently. "That's a whopper and no mistake. Is it full size yet?"

"Not out here it isn't but it was in Ann's office a few minutes ago!"

"I want to touch it Gary. I'll just give you a quick squeeze now and then you can show it to me at lunchtime. Can I do that?"

Gary smiled and opened his flies wider. Jacqui reached forward and pouched his tiger in her little hand. Then she saw something in the distance. She squeezed and let go.

"Concept Insurance, how can I help you?" she said as she licked Gary's pre cum off her palm.

"Concept Insurance, how can I help you?" echoed Gary as he one handed stowed his cock away.

The morning slowly dragged on.

oooOOOooo

During a slack time at her job at the baker's in the high street Betty managed to call her 'boy-friend' Jack at his place of work, a high class menswear shop, also on the high street.

"You didn't call me yesterday, you bastard!" she began. "What were you doing, shagging that Melanie Stoopes?"

"I tried to call you Bets," answered Jack. "Your mobile was switched off every time I called you. What were you doing all that time? Anyway, I don't fancy Melanie!"

He didn't mention that when he couldn't get an answer from Betty's mobile he had called Melanie. She had invited him round and had admired his cock from close quarters, very close quarters indeed, several times.

Betty felt a little guilty. She had switched her mobile off all the time she was at Barbara's, in the cinema and then in the club. She hadn't switched it on again until this morning on the bus to work.

"Sorry pet," she mollified. "Do you want to do anything this week?"

"Apart from fucking your pussy you mean? Seriously though Bets, we've got two big matches this week. Wednesday under lights we've got the Braves and then on Saturday afternoon we play the Tigers. If we can win both of those we'll probably be able to win the league, even after last Saturday's fiasco!"

"What about Wednesday after the match? You could come around to me after the pub and work off your beer! I'll kick you out in plenty of time to get to work on Thursday morning."

"Come to the game and to the pub afterwards. I'll bring my stuff and come to your place. I'll need my cock and balls shaved off by then. What do you think? I'll leave you a ticket for the game at the members gate."

"It's a date!" agreed Betty and they said goodbye. Then she called Barbara at home. She only had a part-time job at MacDonald's and was on afternoons this week. "Hi darling, how did you get on with lover boy after I left this morning?"

"Hello Betty darling! I saw my man shagging your back end before you left. I thought he was fucking your arse but he said it was your cunt. He had a snooze and then I sucked him off before he left for work. He was going to be late though!"

"I hope he doesn't get sacked for it," giggled Betty. "It was a great night though, wasn't it? Can we do it again sometime? I know he's your boy-friend and all that but it's nothing serious, is it?"

"Of course I want to do it again! I want to make love to you again as well; maybe we could invite Gavin to watch! That should keep his pecker up!"

"That's a great idea," laughed Betty. "What about this week? Jack says he can only fit me in after the game on Wednesday as they've got two important matches this week. What about Gavin? He'll be playing too, won't he?"

"I expect so," answered Barbara, "but he's coming here tonight for some more of my pussy. I expect he'll go home later though. Why don't you come around here tomorrow evening? Gavin and I are going to shave each other tonight so that will be different for you, won't it?"

"I'll be there," said Betty happily. "Around seven-thirty all right?"

oooOOOooo

Jacqui dragged Gavin off to the park at lunchtime break. She was eating her sandwiches as she walked so very little was said between them. As he had been late for work Gavin had not brought any lunch with him. His mother usually made his sandwiches for him.

Jacqui seemed to know her way around in the park and led him to a secluded corner where there was a long bench hidden away in an area surrounded by trees and bushes. As soon as Gavin saw that the bench was in a secluded place his cock began to grow.

They sat down on the bench and Jacqui immediately unfastened the buttons on her coat and opened it wide. It was quite a pleasant spring day so it was not too cold. Nevertheless the cooler air caused her nipples to harden and push against her purple silk blouse. Gavin feasted his eyes.

Jacqui giggled, making her generous tits wobble.

"You like my titties, don't you Gavin? Do my nips make your cock grow? Let's have a look then."

Gavin proudly showed Jacqui the bulge in his slacks. She reached out to place her hand on it and in turn he pulled her to him and sought her lips. She opened her lips to him as contact was made and the kiss turned into a prolonged wet snog. All the time Jacqui was rubbing Gavin's growing tool through his slacks.

"Ooooo, it feels ever so big now Gavin. Can I see it again?"

Gavin unzipped his fly and produced the evidence. Jacqui literally grabbed it and bent closer to examine it closely. Her brown fingers wrapped themselves around his shaft and began to frig him lasciviously. Gavin groaned and his cock seemed to flex as it grew to its maximum size.

"Oh my God Jacqui, that feels fucking fantastic," he groaned. "You're an expert; you'll make me come soon!"

"That's the idea, isn't it," grinned Jacqui as she admired his engine. She bent closer, her tongue flicking out to capture Gavin's almost free flowing pre cum. He groaned again, reaching out to grasp her ample tits. Now Jacqui moaned.

"Get my tits out Gavin! I just love to have my nipples pulled hard! Oh God, just look at this cock; I've just got to taste it!"

"Wait please Jacqui, I don't want to come too soon! Let me release your tits from your bra and then you can rub my cock between them!"

"What bra Gavin? I don't wear one! These beauties of mine stick out all by themselves, all natural too! See!"

Gavin watched spellbound as Jacqui deftly unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it open. Two more than generous rounded mounds of flesh appeared in the gap and Gavin's cock flexed again as Jacqui regained possession of his tool. Her big fat nipples hardened and he reached out to touch and then grip.

"Fuckin' Hell," Jacqui gasped. "I love you doing that! Stand up in front of me so that I can squeeze you between my titties. Yessss, that's it; it's so big and hot. I love it!"

Gavin stood in front of Jacqui as she rubbed his by now gigantic cock between her melons. She made saliva and dropped it from her mouth into her cleft, lubricating his shafting movement. He began to receive coming signals from his balls again! He seemed to grow a little more and warned her.

"I'm going to come very soon Jacqui," he gasped.

Jacqui glanced up at him and grinned. She squeezed her breasts even tighter around his shaft and rubbed harder, looking down at his knob end just below her mouth.

"Tell me when," she shouted.

"Now," shouted Gavin. Jacqui's mouth opened just above his piss hole. "Now, now, now, now!" he shouted again as his cock ejected spurts of thick hot, white come between her thick open lips into her open mouth. She held her place and her mouth filled. Finally Gavin stopped ejaculating; Jacqui lifted her head to show him her full mouth and then deliberately swallowed. Gavin's cock even flexed slightly again.

As he sat down beside her Gavin took her breasts in his hands. Jacqui swivelled around to almost face him as they kissed again, sharing the taste of come between them. Gavin moved one hand to her thigh, just under her skirt. Jacqui moaned into his mouth as he slid his hand slowly and deliberately up her thigh until he reached her crotch.

"Ooooo yessss Gavin, do me there; frig my fanny!"

Gavin slipped his hand under Jacqui's panties and encountered her abundant pussy hair. He carefully parted it as she moaned again at his touch. Suddenly his questing fingers found her hot wet slit. He quickly inserted one, then two, fingers into her twat with his thumb finding her quite large prominent clitoris. He stopped moving and Jacqui groaned.

"Go on Gavin, finish me off! Frig my fanny, make me come!"

"God Jacqui, you feel so hot and hairy. My girlfriend has just shaved herself. She's going to do mine tonight so that I'll be all smooth for her."

Jacqui broke the kiss and held Gavin's head as she looked him in the eyes.

"You're going to be hairless tomorrow?" she questioned. "Wow, fuckin' wow! Will you have lunch with me again tomorrow so that I can feel you again? Oh Gavin, please say yes!"

"OK," answered Gavin as he fingered Jacqui harder and faster, flicking his thumb quickly over her now hard clit. He said nothing else as he captured one hard fat nipple between his teeth. Jacqui exploded into her orgasm.

"Ohhhh yessss, yessss," she wailed. "That's it you fucker you! That's fucking it. You got me you bastard man!"

Jacqui was making copious juice. Gavin pulled his wet fingers out of her cunt and offered them to her mouth. As she accepted he joined her by kissing her again. Then he plunged his fingers into her again and sucked her cream off them.

Gavin finally stood in front of her.

"You want to put it away for me?" he said. Jacqui complied, giving him a quick suck as she did so.

The colleagues walked out of the park arm in arm but separated as they approach their workplace, trying to appear to be just walking together.

"My best lunch break ever," grinned Jacqui as they parted. "Until tomorrow that is!"

oooOOOooo

After work Gavin quickly went home, showered and changed. By the time he was dry and changed his mother arrived home from work and started to prepare their evening meal.

Mrs Andrews was a lovely woman of thirty-nine, having had Gavin at seventeen as the consequence of a rumbustious back seat experience on a coach trip to an away hockey fixture. She wasn't quite sure who Gavin's father was as she seemed to remember having sex with at least three different men that trip. Harry Andrews was one of them and he asked her to marry him when he found out. Gavin did look a bit like Harry so maybe it was his seed that did the dirty deed! They divorced after four years.

Gavin watched his mum through the kitchen door as she prepared the meal. Sheila Andrews stood about five feet six. She had dark chestnut hair tumbling in waves down to her shoulders and framing her firm, slightly angular features. She hardly showed her age with her body in fine shape. Generous breasts thrust from her chest with hips to match below her waist. Gavin tried not to stare at his mother; his cock had risen before when he had done that. He hoped that she hadn't noticed; she had, of course, women always notice these things!

"Where were you last night darling?" Sheila asked him. "I was a bit worried about you. You usually phone if you're going to be late and when you didn't come home at all I was even more concerned. Did you stay at a friends?"

"Yes mum, I'm sorry I didn't call you but I'm afraid I got a bit sidetracked, you know."

Sheila came to the kitchen door and looked at her son; she noticed that he was looking a little flushed!

"Sidetracked eh? A girl I presume?" Gary nodded sheepishly. "Is she pretty?" He nodded again, automatically looking at his mother's breasts. She noticed again and laughed loudly.

"I see that she's got big tits too! I know you like big tits Gavin, you look at mine often enough! I like big cocks too, just like yours darling!"

Gavin was now beet red and, worst of all, his cock was growing noticeably.

"I'm, er, seeing Barbara again tonight Mum," he croaked hoarsely. "Tomorrow night is hockey practice; we've got two big games this week. We've got to improve a lot after Saturday's fiasco. Do you want to come? I can get you tickets if you want?"

Sheila used to play hockey in her younger days and still maintained an interest.

"I think I'd like that darling; only Wednesday though. I've got plans on Saturday. Will your, er, Barbara be there?"

"I don't know. I'll ask her tonight. She plays for the ladies first team but I think she'll only be playing on Saturday this week."

Mother and son carried on chatting, comfortable in each other's presence. Sheila soon accepted her son's frequent glances at her breasts as normal. She liked his appreciation of her large breasts as they moved inside her thin blue woolly top. She sneaked glances at the growing bulge in his slacks as she finished preparing their meal.

Soon Gavin was ready to go to Barbara's.

"I'll be home tonight for certain Mum," he said as he opened the door.

"Good!" said his mother, coming to the door. She kissed him lovingly, pushing her breasts quite firmly into him. "I'll see you later son!"

After he had gone Sheila leant against the wall in the hallway, her chest heaving. She couldn't believe that she had just managed to resist groping her son's cock and balls as she kissed him!

Gavin drove to Barbara's with a big tent in his slacks, although he firmly believed the cause to be anticipation of seeing Barbara again rather than the recent proximity of his mother's big breasts.

Barbara opened her door almost before he had knocked. She stood naked in front of him!

"I thought we'd save time," she giggled as she pulled him through the door. "Aren't I shameless? After making you wait for so long to see me nude I'm trying to make up for lost time."

The lovers kissed with only lips touching although tongues were busy in each other's mouths. The reason was that Barbara's fingers were busy undoing Gavin's belt, unzipping his flies and pushing the slacks and his pants down his thighs until they fell to his ankles. She captured his cock in her hands as she now pushed her chest at him, squashing her breasts against him. Gavin gasped as he grasped her love mounds.

"Ohhh yesss Gavin, that's right!" squeaked Barbara as she finished the kiss. "Play hard with my tits darling, make them tingle! Let's get to the bedroom!"

"Not yet darling!" growled Gavin. He span her around and pushed his throbbing tool into her arse crack. He was already making pre cum, making his hot shaft slide up and down her arse crack. He was also trying to push his pants, slacks and trainers off his feet.

"Ooooo, are you going to do my bum hole?" squealed Barbara. "You can if you want to."

"Gosh," panted Gavin, rubbing faster. "I'd love to try that. I've never thought about that but it's made me want to do it."

Gavin's second trainer finally dropped off his foot. Finally totally naked he groped around Barbara's hips into her crotch to find her wet pussy. She groaned and pushed her buttocks harder on to his long hard fat cock.
