 This is a copyrighted original work by the author. All rights reserved.


I want to thank to Mark B for editing and helping me with this story. 

All characters featured herein are at least eighteen years of age, even if not expressly stated. Any resemblance between actual persons, living or dead is entirely coincidental. Thanks, Dean

*****


Have you ever had one of those days where you just want to go home from work and sit down and be left alone? I was having one of those and I was looking forward to just sitting at home in front of the TV and drinking a beer. I could not wait for 4 o'clock to arrive and when it finally did I grabbed my briefcase and headed out the door. I stopped along the way to grab myself a 12 pack of beer and headed straight for the house. 

I finally arrived at home after waiting for every slow person on the earth that was out today and headed straight for the shower. Finally feeling refreshed I opened the fridge, turned on the TV to a football game that I had already seen on ESPN and cracked my beer. As I sat down and lifted the beer to my lips the phone rang. It was Christina, my girlfriend, and I didn't even want to answer it even though I was going to.

"Hi Honey," She said in a sing song voice. "Are you ready to go play golf?"

"I think I am going to just sit here and drink a beer to be honest." 

"Sweetheart a couple weeks ago you told me we could go today and you put it on your calendar."

I grabbed my calendar and looked and of course she was absolutely right it was on there. "Well I guess I just forgot about it so what time do you want me to pick you up? "

"Pick me up at 10 and we can go to the golf course."

"In case you haven't noticed it's dark at ten."

"I know that. We are the only ones playing and we are using special rules for the game."

"Are we doing something illegal or something?"

"Only if you count trespassing illegal and I doubt anyone will ever see us. We are going to a course out in the country, so quit worrying about it. I will explain the rules when you pick me up." She said laughing into the phone.

I was worried because Christina is the cutest little pixie I have ever seen. She is about 5 feet tall with long blonde hair and is well endowed for her small frame. Her best feature is her cute little bubble butt and I have tried more than once to have some fun with that little ass of hers, but she shuts me down at every turn. The one thing she does like to do is walk around nude. Now I am not complaining about this it's just that she likes to do that out in public. She is an exhibitionist through and through. 

I arrived at her house a few minutes before ten and she came out to the truck carrying a small bag and two gold clubs. "I brought us each a putter and a few extra balls in case we lose one in the dark."

"What are you getting me into?"

"Don't worry anything I suggest you will agree too."

"Come on Christina give it up what are we doing exactly?"

"I told you we are playing golf?"

I knew there was more to this than she was telling me but I also knew I wasn't telling her no either. We started down the road to the golf course and she told me to kill the lights on the truck before we got there. I knew I was in trouble at that point. I pulled up and parked and she pointed in the direction of the first hole.

"We can start over there."

I opened my door and walked around to her side of the truck and by the time I got there she had already taken her blouse off and was unbuttoning her pants.

"What the hell are you doing?" I asked rather exasperated. 

"Getting ready to play golf of course, I am going to start naked to give you an advantage."

"I think you better explain the rules to me so that I know what I am getting myself into before we start."

"It's simple we are going to play 9 holes. On the first three holes you are playing for my mouth and I am playing for your clothes. If you win on any of the first three holes I have to suck your cock. If you lose you have to give up an article of clothing."

"Why didn't you just tell me we were going to play strip golf?"

"Because it's not strip golf stupid, in strip golf you only take off your clothes, in my game you get to fuck me."

I suddenly became more interested in the game and its rules as well. "Okay what happens on the next three holes?"

"It's the same thing except you get to fuck my pussy right out here on the green, and the final three holes you can fuck my ass."

"Did I hear you right did you just say your ass?"

"If you win you can but if you don't I might get to play with yours."

"Whoa, back up the cart, say that again."

"If at the end of the night you have lost all your clothes and you lose on any of the last three holes I get to fuck your ass. All is fair in love and oh you know what they say."

"But that only happens if I lose all my clothes, right?"

"Yep, I start naked and you get your clothes unless you lose. You can't possibly lose at this sweetheart. I am offering my mouth, pussy, and ass."

"I want to think about this for a minute." I told her.

"Yeah right like you are going to say no."

"Okay your right I am not saying no, I am just counting; two socks, shirt, pants, briefs, two shoes. I have 7 items so I am going to make it to at least the eighth hole if I lose on every hole. That means you only get my ass if I lose the 8th or 9th holes."

"If you lost every hole or even some of them I can't possibly come that many times you know."

"I never said you were going to be allowed to come. I just said that we would be fucking. So are you ready to start playing or what?"

"Yep let's get started." I said ready to have her lips around my cock.

She paced off about 60 feet from the cup and put the balls down on the green. At least we had a full moon so that we could see the cup and the balls. She took her putter and struck the ball and came within three feet. I put mine down and hit the ball and slid past 5 feet away. I looked at the putt very carefully and then said, "What happens when I make this and you make your putt, it will be a tie and no one wins or loses?"

"Then it is a tie just like any other game and we move on."

"If I tie on two holes I can't possibly lose all my clothes."

"You're right, do you like my little game." She said with a smirk.

"I am starting to love it actually."

I sized up my putt and sure enough I sunk it. She just looked at me and said, "Lucky." She sank her putt and we walked to the next hole. I actually trailed behind a bit so I could watch her ass, which actually made walking much more difficult since my cock was stiff as a board. I kept adjusting it as we walked and she turned around and caught me and laughed.

"If you quit watching my ass you might not have that problem you know." She giggled. 

We finally got to the next hole and she dropped the balls about 10 feet off the green and said, "This looks like a good spot."

I could barely see the cup since it was almost to the collar of the green on the far side. She took her putter in hand and got within about 15 feet which actually was not a bad put considering the distance and we only had putters. I knew what line she had taken so I followed suit and hit mine a touch harder than she did and mine lipped the cup and went to the side about seven feet from the cup. "I thought I had you on that one."

"Fat chance; just get out of my way so I can putt."

Christina lined up her putt and it sailed just off to the left and stopped about four feet passed the cup causing her to gasp as it went by. 

"Tough break," I said as I walked to my ball.

"You really didn't want it to go in did you?"

"Can't say that I did, but it could have gone a little farther past the hole."

"Hope you make it." She said laughing.

I hit my ball and as it was going toward the hole feeling confident I started walking toward her. She made a gesture as if it missed but I kept walking. "Nice try but I know it went in." I grabbed her around the waist and placed a kiss on her lips and told her how much I was enjoying our game of golf.

Christina reached for my belt and unfastened it and slid the zipper down while looking into my eyes with a smirk on her face. She pushed my pants down to the ground and grabbed my briefs as she went to her knees. She took the head of my cock in her mouth and ran her tongue around the very tip before pushing her mouth down my shaft in one swift move. She continued to stroke my cock as she started to massage my balls. When she felt me getting close she released my cock and stood in front of me with a smile and remarked, "It's time to continue our game, don't you think?" 

I was in agony, I wanted her to finish me off but she wasn't going to allow that to happen with seven holes left. We started to the next hole after I got my cock back in my pants and my zipper back up. The time it took was okay because I got to watch her walk to the next hole and that was not such a bad thing.

We got to the third hole and she sat the balls about 6 feet from the hole. She took careful aim and put the ball right in the cup. I just looked at her as she smiled. "Remember if you miss you lose your pants."

"You told me an article of clothing."

"Yes I did and last I checked your pants are an article of clothing."

"I don't get to pick which one to take off?"

"I started naked so I believe that lets me choose what item you get to take off."

I couldn't argue with the logic in that so I just took careful aim and the ball went right at the center, hit the back of the cup, shot straight up landed in the hole and bounced right back out. 

"Looks like you lose your pants."

"It was in the hole and you saw it."

"I see it sitting by the hole and you lost so get rid of the pants."

I wasn't going to argue since I wasn't going to win so I got rid of the pants. I guess in a way it's an advantage. I don't have to take them off when she loses the next hole.

We got to the fourth hole and she put the balls about thirty feet from the cup so I was sure we would probably tie and we did. We headed to the fifth hole and she again placed them about 5 feet from the cup. She putted hers toward the cup and in it went. I groaned and sat my ball where she had and sent it toward the cup. It went off to the left and stopped a few inches away. 

"Let's see what you should lose this time. That cock of your looks extremely uncomfortable in the briefs you have on so why don't you just take them off. I want to look at your cock while we finish our game."

I felt like an idiot walking around a golf course with my shoes and socks on along with my shirt. My cock is standing straight out ahead of me leading the way as I look at her gorgeous little bubble butt as I follow along. We arrived at the sixth hole and she put the balls about 15 feet away on top of a ridge meaning that we had to aim away from the hole to have any chance of getting close. She putted and went about 7 feet past the cup. I did actually watch her hit the ball but knew the line would be much different since she went past the cup. I just picked a line a hit the ball and let gravity take over from there. I was amazed as the ball fell in the cup and I jumped up and down like a little kid winning their first race.

"Well I know lucky when I see it." She said as she smacked me on the shoulder. 

"That may very well be but I am looking forward to that sweet little pussy of yours. I just hope I get that lucky on the next holes."

Christina laid down on the green and I walked over to her and knelt between her legs. I slowly placed my cock at her pussy and noticed how wet she was. I pulled back and looked down at her and as I lay on the green between her legs I eagerly placed my tongue on her awaiting pussy. I glanced up at her as she was smiling at me and said, "I know it wasn't part of the rules but I don't hear any complaints." I continued to run my tongue through her folds and up to her clit before sucking it into my mouth. 

She pulled my head up to look at her and said, "Please put it in me now." My cock slid into her without any trouble at all since she had been waiting for this all night. I began to pump into her with abandon and was getting very close to coming when I felt her hands on my chest and her telling me that my time was up.

"Since when are we timing this?"

"Since I don't want you coming yet that's when."

I wanted to argue but if I was going to get the chance to shoot my load into her I wanted it to be in that cute ass of hers. She has never let me hardly even touch it other than to rub it. My trying to get close to her little pucker always resulted in a stern warning to my manhood being removed. 

I helped her to her feet and we headed off toward the next hole with me in the lead. "Are you in a hurry to get to the next hole for some reason?" She laughed.

"Of course there is a particular reason, and you know what it is."

We walked to the seventh hole and she placed the balls about twenty feet away and aimed for the cup. She stopped her ball about three feet past the hole and with a smile said, "Top that."

I lined mine up as best I could and managed to come up about five feet short. Since I was out she made me go next and of course I missed the damn thing. She laughed and sunk her put and we headed to the eighth hole after she took my shirt.

I was cursed on the eighth hole and didn't even get close to making mine after three tries. I was out for three straight shots so she only had to dribble hers in and she won that hole. Now I was walking around with my socks on without a stitch of clothes. I still had the ninth hole to play and I could always hope. 

"We walked to the ninth hole with her humming the entire way there. "You sure do seem happy about something or you know something I don't know." I said as I watched her ass as we walked.

"Just keep watching my ass and enjoying yourself because we are almost to the ninth hole honey."

We arrived at the ninth hole and she walked up and put her ball about eighteen inches from the hole. I finally knew what her plan was, she intended to make it a tie the entire walk here, no wonder she was humming.

She turned around and smiled at me as she lined the put up so causally. She knew it was in the bag and so did I. I didn't even bother to pay much attention to where she placed the ball. As she was taking her putter back I saw where she was aiming and she tapped the ball and it headed straight for the hole until it got within a few inches and it dived hard to the left and went under the cup. "I can't even believe that didn't go in the cup. How did that happen?" She cried looking at the three foot putt she had left herself. 

"Looks to me like there is one hell of a break in the short putt you gave us." I commented with a smirk.

"Just shut the hell up and putt your damn ball." She scoffed at me.

Just as I was about to take a stroke she walked over and grabbed my dick and started to pump the shaft to distract me. "Honey I really had no intention of giving you my ass tonight and if you loved me you will miss this putt."

Well I loved her with all my heart so after she backed away leaving my cock as hard as a rock I hit my ball and sunk that little sucker right in the heart of the cup. I danced around yelling, "I'm going to get some ass, and I'm going to get some ass."

"Well if you are finished acting like a little kid I guess I can tell how much you love me."

"Don't you for the life of me try and play head games at this point. You know I love you more than anything and if you weren't willing to finally give up your ass you wouldn't have used it as bait in the first place."

"That's beside the point."

"It is exactly the point and you know it."

"Okay maybe I was willing when I thought I couldn't lose."

"Well now you've lost and it's time to pay the piper, me."

"Fine, where are we going to do this?"

"Well right here in the middle of the ninth green of course."

"Since you are bound and determined to take my ass go over to the bag over there and get the lube out."

"You weren't willing but you brought lube. Yeah right you weren't willing my ass or should I say your ass."

"Yeah it is my ass, so get busy and let's get this over with."

"Oh no sweetheart I intend to take my time and savor this moment believe me. Why don't you just come over her next to me and let's look at the stars for a few minutes."

It really was a beautiful night and I had no intention of hurrying this along. She curled up next to me and we just held each other for a while looking for the big dipper and Orion's belt in the sky. She finally rolled over on top of me and then turned around facing my feet, and then crawled forward a little ways.

She knelt down on the green and got into position spreading her legs far apart and lowered her head to the green on top of her arms. This was the greatest sight I could imagine. I walked up behind her and placed my hand at the small of her back and began to rub her lower back as I dipped my finger into the lube. I placed the tip of my finger to her cute little pucker and began to make small circles over it. "You are going to go slow aren't you?"

"Sweetheart there is no way I am going to rush this. I have spent the entire time I have known you waiting for this moment and I don't want to mess it up."

She relaxed hearing my words as I continued to swirl my finger over her pucker. When I could feel her relax some more I began to push my finger into her up to the first knuckle. Once I was in I slowly pulled it out and dipped it back into the lube. I wanted to make sure that she was very well lubricated and I planned to insert three fingers into her before I put my cock in her lovely ass.

I slowly inserted my finger back into her and began to slowly pump it in and out of her in short strokes slowly adding my finger into her as she relaxed. I heard her groan a couple of times as I was doing this so I took my thumb and inserted it into her wet pussy at the same time my finger was inserted into her ass causing her to moan even more. 

Once I was able to get my finger completely into her with no resistance I asked her if she was ready for another finger and she said, "Oh please yes."

She was getting into this more than I believe she ever thought she would and I believe she figured she would not lose on the last holes we played. Her plan just backfired and she was now taking what she had fantasied about but wasn't willing to admit she wanted. 

I slowly placed another finger next to the other one and kept my thumb in her pussy. Before I put them in I withdrew them quickly causing her to moan as I dipped my fingers into the lube again. I placed my thumb back into her pussy and then slowly inched both fingers into her ass. 

She started to push her ass back into my fingers pushing my fingers into her at her own pace so I just held them steady and let her fuck herself on my fingers. It wasn't long and she whispered. "Can you add another finger?" 

I withdrew them again causing her to turn toward me as she saw me dip my fingers into the lube. I placed my thumb back into her pussy again and then placed them at her pucker. I wanted to see if she was going to push back onto them again. I had no more than got them there when she started to push her ass back onto my fingers. 

She set quite a pace for herself once she had them in her ass all the way. I was just amazed that someone who would not even let me touch her asshole a few days ago would take to anal play so quickly and I had not even started to fuck that cute ass yet, 

She finally looked back at me and said, "I think it's time for you to take my ass sweetheart."

I slowly removed my fingers from her ass and my thumb from her pussy and picked up the lube and applied it to my hard cock. I placed the tip to her pucker and let her push back onto my cock. She slowly pushed her ass back on my cock until it was finally seated. The entire time she was pushing her ass onto my cock all I heard was, "Om my yes, oh please yes please, oh let me get it in farther. Oh my God this is...oh my yes oh."
