 "G'day Rob," Mrs Alison offered the ubiquitous Aussie greeting as I entered her high walled yard, closing the poolside gate behind me. 

"G'day Mrs. Alison." I replied, organizing my chemicals prior to testing her swimming pool water. Gina Alison was reclining on a lounger, wearing a scanty white bikini and caressing sun tan lotion onto her long shapely legs. Legs that were already bronzed and sexy enough; coating them with glistening oil only made them harder to ignore, although ignoring Gina Alison was impossible and she knew it.

"Are we keeping you busy?" she asked

"Flat out like a lizard drinking this time of year Mrs. Alison." I replied "But Rob's Poolside Engineers will never be too busy to look after his favourite customer."

Gina Alison began applying the oily lotion to her washboard-flat abdomen. Long fingers rippling across her six pack. 

"How long have you been looking after our pool now Rob?"

"Since I was seventeen; this is my third year Mrs. Alison."

"Then don't you think that it's about time you started calling me Gina?"

"I'd like that," I paused then added, "Gina." with my Sunday best smile.

"Yes I'd like it too." 

For the next few minutes I concentrated on the ph balance of the water which was slightly acidic. I had not been flattering her when I'd said that she was my favourite customer. In her mid thirties, Gina was probably 15 years older than I, but whatever it was that women are supposed to lose as they age had not happened to her; in my opinion the tall leggy blonde had probably improved with maturity. Unlike her accountant husband, Brian, who had deteriorated, by growing fat.

When I looked up again she was smoothing lotion onto her firm breasts; the film of oil causing her cleavage to gleam in the sunlight. I could feel my cock growing in my shorts and decided that I had best look away; but before I could do so she looked up quickly and caught me staring at her. She gave a secret little smile then husked.

"Rob, would you mind rubbing some of this lotion on my back?"

Now I was sure that she was teasing me

Having been caught out staring at her breasts I felt embarrassed; before I could reply she continued.

"After all you did say that you'd never be too busy to look after your favourite customer." She smiled again. "Hoist by your own petard Rob."

She rolled over onto her tummy as I walked over to her and poured the lotion into the palm of my hand. Her back was a smooth golden sweep that terminated in the delightful rise of the twin globes of her rump. I began by rubbing the oil across her shoulders, my hands slip-sliding across her back.

"Doesn't "Hoist by your own petard" mean to be caught in your own trap?"

"Hmm something like that." She wiggled her bottom seductively. It was becoming increasingly obvious that Gina was deliberately tantalizing me.

I continued applying the lotion working down her back and along her sides; the tiny wisps of cloth that formed her bra allowed my fingers to caress along the side of her breasts which were very firm. They scarcely even dimpled under the pressure of my hands 

"Hmm that feels nice." She murmured.

"I agree." I replied while thinking. Two can play at this game.

She gave a throaty laugh as I switched my attention to the back of her legs by squirting lotion up each limb from her feet to her bikini line. Starting at her feet I began massaging, gently but strongly working the oil into her firm flesh. Her calf muscles were smooth tapering down to sculpted ankles and up to join the strong silky length of her thighs. As I made my way slowly toward her bikini she parted her legs to allow me access to the inside of her thighs. The cleft of her sex formed a perfect camel toe in the gusset of her white bikini. With each sweep of my hands I came further up the inside of her thigh till my fingers were brushing lightly against her panties, a few stray hairs glistened from the oil on my fingers. Once again she wiggled this time languorously; causing my fingers to press firmly against her sex which felt hot; a damp spot was appearing. 

Gina's only reaction was. "Hmm." Now two of us were playing the teasing game; my cock became rock hard as a result. I noticed that Gina's breathing had become ragged. In starting the game of tantalizing me, she was the one who was quickly becoming hoist by her own petard.

I calmed my own breathing and in my best Anthony Hopkins voice quoted. 

"For 'tis the sport to have the enginer 

Hoist with his own petar; and't shall go hard." 

Gina spun quickly over onto her back causing the palm of my right hand to come to rest on her pudenda. 

"Is that Shakespeare?" She asked.

"Yes, Hamlet."

"I am impressed." She allowed her gaze to travel down my body. "Hmm I see what you mean by; and't shall go hard"

My iron hard cock was making an appreciable tent in my shorts; it was too late to hide it so I slid my hand across her sun-tan oiled stomach up to breasts that glistened in the sunlight. Her bikini top had a front hook; she ran her tongue across her lips as I quickly unsnapped the fastener exposing a perfect pair of tanned breasts. Gina had obviously suntanned topless, her light pink nipples stood proud in arousal. There was a lascivious smile on her face as she said.

"Well now that you've uncovered them, you'd better rub some suntan lotion into them as well."

"My pleasure."

"Not entirely." She replied.

I tipped a small pool of oil into my right my right hand then rubbed my palms together before applying myself to the sensuous task of massaging the lotion onto her breasts. I started by circling around them, my fingers touching each other in the valley of her cleavage. Then I concentrated on her right breast working from the base and stopping just short of her nipple which now stood proudly erect. I caressed my hand across her areola; feeling the hard nub of her nipple bumping across my palm. Gina squirmed as I repeated the performance on her left breast; a low throaty groan escaped her lips as she reached up to draw my head down to her.

For awhile our lips barely touched as we exchanged breath, I inhaled the sweetness of her then returned it; she did the same and with the return of breath, her tongue lightly brushed across my lips before plunging into my mouth and intertwining with mine. My right hand still caressed her breasts slithering from one to the other, she squirmed in pleasure, as my left slipped across her tummy and down inside her bikini pants. The heat from her pussy was palpable, the nub of her clitoris stood hard from its protective hood. She reached down, wriggled her bottom and in one smooth movement her bikini was off and she was completely naked.

"Now there is something else for you to massage oil into." She purred

I broke off the kiss to gaze upon her magnificent nakedness, breasts that were sag less thirty six Cs, a flat stomach that glistened with tan oil ended in a light furze of hair. Gina had obviously sunbathed in the nude. Her full lipped vagina formed a sulky pout between her thighs.

"Ooh look; now you've found something else to rub oil into." Her voice was scarcely more than a purr.

Not that I needed the invitation; I began to massage oil into the area that had so recently been covered. Working slowly down her stomach, I allowed my fingers to trail through her pubic hairs till they glistened in the sunlight; then lightly flicked across her slightly protruding clitoris. This caused another soft moan as Gina opened her legs; I could immediately see that her vagina was producing more than enough oil of its own. I ran my hand along her pussy letting my forefinger penetrate between her labia; the heat was palpable as her irresistible musky odour arose.

As I lowered my head, Gina parted her legs further to allow me full access to her sex. I trailed my tongue along the soft flesh of her upper thighs; occasionally flicking her clitoris. Gina began to buck beneath me; her breathing became even more ragged as she moaned.

"Oh yeeeesss yesssss . Don't stop, doooon't stop." I drew her clitoris between my lips, sucking flicking and licking it, her head was thrown back and her back arched as she forced her pussy hard into my mouth as I changed tactics and used the flat of my tongue to vigorously massage her love button. Gina clamped her legs around my head; she climaxed into a huge orgasm as her hips thrust and jerked against me.

I rose to kiss her, our tongues again mingled, but this time she could taste her own juices in my mouth; which she did with great fervor, sucking my tongue deeply into her mouth as she twined her own around it.

We broke contact as she rose to her feet and proceeded to remove my tee shirt, then bent to take off my shorts. My cock springing free from its confines slapped against her right breast. Gina indicated the lounger and said, 'Your turn'.

Gina wasted no time in filling her hands with suntan oil and applying it; first to my chest. Her slender hands slithered across my pectoral muscles and over my nipples, where she slowed and circled them sensually stopping to pinch them lightly. For the first time in my life I felt aroused by the stimulation of my nipples as they stood hard and firm within her fingers. She quickly replaced her fingers with her mouth sucking, nibbling then caressing with her tongue, As I closed my eyes I felt oil being poured onto my abdomen; then without releasing her attention to my chest she began massaging across my abs working slowly toward my penis which towered hard above my stomach.

I was silently begging her to apply her sensual fingers to my, oh so needy, cock; when, as if she had read my mind, I felt her firmly grasp it in her oiled hands and begin to stroke up and down. Impossibly my penis grew even harder; almost feeling as if it would burst, I had never felt anything so sexually stimulating; but there were better things to come.

Suddenly Gina withdrew her mouth from my chest and slowly drew her firm breasts across the area so recently vacated by her lips. Her nipples bumped and slithered across my pectorals and then slowly and sensuously circled my own. I felt as if my chest were on fire. Her hand was still stroking my cock as I felt my orgasm building. Again, as if reading my mind, Gina slowed her stroking so that the orgasmic feeling began to subside but not to vanish. My whole body was tingling and shaking from her ministrations as she expertly kept me on the very edge. She began to trail her nipples down my chest to my stomach where they bumped across my abs and slipped around my navel then traversed down to my crotch.

Her timing was perfect as she released her hold on my cock and allowed it to slide into the valley of her cleavage. Using her hands to press her breasts firmly around me she began moving up and down my turgid length. The oil that had been rubbed into my cock and her breasts caused my rock hard penis to slip easily and form a suction that I could feel and hear. Unable to resist any longer I began to thrust with my hips; my orgasm was now urgent, my body was afire with the need of release as I felt my seed begin to boil along the length of my cock.

I threw my head back and howled, "I'm cuuuuummmmiiing." 

Before I could do so, Gina dropped her head and took the glans of my penis into her mouth just as I began to pump my semen into her throat. It felt as if my very being was drawn through my cock as she sucked and swallowed.

A deep feeling of contentment came across me, I felt replete. I felt drained. When I opened my eyes it was to see Gina gazing into them. There was a mischievous twinkle in her eyes as she said, 

"Now let's see what you're really made of shall we?"

I would never have believed myself capable of continuing after such an earth shaking orgasm, but had I reckoned without the skills of Gina Alison. 

She had joined me on the lounge and was lying on her right side whilst rubbing her well oiled left leg across my crotch. Her smooth slippery skin soon had the effect of causing my cock to rise again, it still felt sensitive from my recent orgasm, but this only added to the intensity of the pleasure that she was giving me. She soon replaced her leg with her hand and began stroking me as once again my penis became rock hard. I reached down to discover that her clitoris was distended, standing proud like a pencil eraser. I used a mixture of the suntan oil from my hands and her own natural juices to gently circle and massage her love button.

Gina began to squirm against me; her oiled body slithering and sliding against my own. Her hard breasts were pressed against my chest, I could feel her nipples flicking as they moved up and down my ribs. Once again Gina lifted her body above mine and began circling her swollen nipples around my own, then down across my abdomen to where my cock eagerly awaited her. This time instead of inserting my cock between her breasts, she trailed her nipples along its rock hard length. First the right nipple bumping and slipping along to slip off the end; to be followed immediately by its sensual sister. Right nipple, left nipple, again and again; there was no need of suntan oil to lubricate their path because as each nipple came to the end of my penis it became coated with the pre-cum that poured forth. 

Realizing that I was once again close to coming I changed positions as I rolled Gina onto her back. As I moved between her legs she raised her knees either side of my hips. Gina gasped as I reached down, seized my cock and began rubbing between her swollen lips and against her turgid clitoris. It was not many minutes before Gina was almost out of control, her body bucking and heaving against me as she cried.

"Oh Rob! Fuck me, please fuck me now!"

As I raised my body, Gina reached down with both of her hands, using the fingers of her left hand she parted the swollen lips of her pussy as she grasped my rock hard member with her right hand and placed it into her wet slipperiness. Even though she was soaking, and I leaked pre-cum, she was still very tight, but my cock still slid in to its full length.

"Fuck me hard Rob! Fuck me hard!" Gina begged.

I complied, thrusting as hard and fast as I could as Gina slithered and squirmed beneath me crying out in passion as she did so. It was not long before I could feel a huge orgasm begin to build. I tried to slow in attempt to make the love act last longer, but all I succeeded in doing was to intensify my orgasm. 

"I'm cuuuummmiing Gina I'm cuuummming!" I cried.

"Me toooooo Meee toooo!" she replied, "Cum insiiiide me daaaarling." she begged.

My orgasm shook me to the centre of my being as I became conscious that both Gina and I were screaming in ecstasy. As I felt my seed spurting forth from me I became aware that Gina's vagina was sucking against me with a power that was even stronger than that of her mouth till she had drawn every last drop of semen from me.

I had collapsed on top of Gina with my penis still inside her. As my strength returned I raised myself to gaze down on the beautiful woman beneath me. As her eyes fluttered open I said,

"Now let's see what you're really made of shall we?"

Gina gurgled with laughter.

"Oh yes please! But not today darling, I've had the best loving ever, and I don't think that we are about to improve on it. But we can at least try tomorrow."

I smiled. Kissed her full sensuous lips and said. "Hoist by your own petard Gina."

End