 Thing were busy with preparations for the wedding for the next two months. Linda was stressed out with the rapid succession of events and it led to some tension between us. We didn't have many opportunities to get together and I had begun to go out and meet people and practically became a regular at a local bar called "Lucky Strike." Still, I still hadn't had sex with anyone but Linda since my night with Ashley.

Two weeks before Ashley's big day, I came home early from work having made plans to meet Linda. She was waiting in our bed wearing a white satin and lace merrywidow. She looked like a new bride in the outfit and I told her so. "Looks like you're ready for a big wedding night. You're so beautiful Linda." I went to the bed, taking off my tie and shirt, and laid down next to her lovely body.

She kissed me and said, "I noticed that you haven't been spending much time at home lately."

"Yeah, I've been exploring some of the nightlife in town."

"I thought so. Anything interesting going on that I should know about?" She playfully stroked her fingernails across my crotch and undid my pants.

"No, not really. No one holds a candle to you Linda." I squeezed her buxom tits. "You're not wearing your rings." I sucked each nipple through the material that hid them from me. "You know, I sort of wish that it was us getting married." 

"Maybe if we'd met a long time ago. Oh Paul... You know that I love what we're doing together. Even if it doesn't always feel right, it feels so damn good." She sighed and stroked my hair. "I don't need any complications in my life and I'm not gonna leave Ron. If we're going to keep doing this, it has to be simple and discrete. I really hope that this works for you because I love you and this monster." She pulled my cock out and played with it.

"I know, it's just a thought."

"If it makes things easier for you, maybe you should date." She paused. "I don't care if you have sex with anyone else but you have to use condoms with them. I don't ever want anything between this cock and me."

"Linda, I don't want to have sex with anyone else. You know how I feel about you."

"Tell me again. Say it." She took my semi-hard cock in her mouth.

"Oh gawd!" I gasped feeling her lips lock onto me. "I... I love you Linda." 

She pulled away and squeezed my cock with her hand. "Oh baby. I know. I promise I'll try to be more available but it's been so busy. I'll make it up to you somehow with a surprise. You know that I need you."

Linda rolled onto her back and pulled her legs toward her chest offering herself to me. The merrywidow lifted and exposed her swollen pussy lips and puckered asshole. I slapped my cock against her cunt and mounted her smoothly. "Oh...Paul." Her legs fell against my shoulders as she caressed my arms and looked into my eyes. "I love how you fill me. It feels so fucking good. I... I..."

I ramrodded her hard and she closed her eyes, wincing. Panting, she gave in to the vigorous fucking and her whole body became a reflex to my thrusting. Her pussy-ring caressed my cock-shaft back and forth with an intense clenching action. I pinned her ankles back and jack-hammered her until I was out of breath, our bodies slamming together in a heated frenzy.

"Oh baby! It's never been this good with Ron. NEVER!!! Pump me! Gawd, keep pu-umping!"

"Ungh. Ungh. Ungh." I grunted continuously as I worked up a sweat. I stopped for a moment to regain my composure and held myself in her. Moving my hands to her big tits, I squeezed them through the material. The strength of her legs against my chest and shoulders propped me up. "When was the last time you fucked Ron?" 

She pulled me down by the neck, kissed me, and then groaned. "MMmmm! Don't stop sweetie! Please! Come on!" Flickering her tongue across my lips she bucked up and tried to urge me on. Her eyes were pleading.

"Tell me Linda."

"Ahhh! Last, oh... Last week he fucked me. It wasn't... Ahhh!!! Baby, it wasn't like this... I...Oh! I couldn't cu-ummm!!! I need to cum!!!"

I released Linda's legs but she kept them spread wide. Getting into a push-up position above her hot body, I slowly gave her long shafting thrusts. I closed my eyes and felt the surges of pleasure, moaning, "Linda, you're the best... Feels so good honey. Am I the best fuck you've had baby?"

Linda pulled me down on top of her and our sweat-slicked bodies feel into a sensual rhythm together. She groped at my body and opened her mouth for my tongue. We shared a nasty, drooling kiss as I took her hands in mine and extended her arms above her head. I kept pumping, rotating my hips, trying to stretch her love-hole with my cock.

"YOU'RE PERFECT IN ME!!! FUCK ME WITH YOUR BIG COCK STUD!!! AHHIEEE!!! I'M GONNA CCUUUMMM!!! YOU FUCKER!!! MAKE ME CUM YOU BASTARD!!!"

Linda's nasty talk and body language ignited my mind and my body responded to it with ferocity. The thumping tempo of our flesh peaked and our bodies fused together in orgasm. Cum poured out of my cock and I felt like I was melting inside of her. The union of our sex was overwhelming and I collapsed on the bed next to Linda with cum still pulsing from my cock. 

The only sound in the room was our breathing. I had my face buried in a pillow as my fingers stroked Linda's midriff. Eventually, she went to get a glass of water. When she didn't return, I got up and went to find her. My cock was bobbing in front of me and cum dripped to the floor as I made my way to the kitchen. 

Linda was standing there seductively against the counter.

"I was hoping that you'd come find me. I hope we're not done yet honey."

"Never. What are you doing?"

"Just thinking about how I love the way you make me feel. It's so different. I never thought I could say the things I say to you when you're inside of me. I want to feel you in me again. I must be ovulating, I can't believe how horny I am today."

She stripped off the merrywidow and let it fall to the floor. "We've never christened your kitchen. Sit down here." She pointed to a chair and joined me.

Sitting on my lap, she played with her nipples and playfully whispered in my ear. "I love you. I love being your neighbor slut." She licked my ear and added, "I'm the smartest slut you know aren't I? I bet you're the kind of man who needs that challenge." 

Linda turned her body so that she was facing away from me. Then she bent over and reached between her legs. "Look at the mess you made in me." She grabbed my cock and stroked it. "This big boy likes me." My cock began to come to life and when it was hard enough, Linda sat down on it. When she was comfortable, she spread her legs outside of my own and started corkscrewing on my cock. With each thrust, my cock got harder. Linda's delicious body was undulating on me and she took my hands and placed them on her clit with hers.

"Feel us together Paul. Gawd I love having you in me. I feel like I'm lost when you're inside me. You don't know what it feels like to have someone inside you like this." She was grinding down on me, her pussy stretched tightly on my shaft.

"Paul, I lied, I can't share you. When we're together, when you're inside of me, I feel so complete. There's some sort of exchange between us. I don't want you to be with anyone else."

"Oh baby, I love you. Linda, I don't need anyone but you."

Linda began bouncing in response. Her hair was flying back and forth as she rolled her nipples and I rubbed her clit. She started flailing and fucking down on me harder. I grabbed her hips and rocked her onto my cock so forcefully I thought it might hurt but Linda loved it.

"Oh yeah!!! That's it baby. MMM! MMM! MMM! OH GAWD PAUL!!!"

She bounced athletically, so hard that she fell off my cock. I stood up and took her in my arms. My hard slick cock was pressed between us and her tits crushed my chest as we wildly tongue-kissed. Clutching both of her ass cheeks firmly, I pulled upward. Linda responded by wrapping her arms around my neck to hoist herself up with her legs around my waist.

As I grabbed her ass to hold her suspended in position, she reached down and placed my cockhead against her cunt-ring. The angle of penetration was a little awkward until I let all of her weight down on my cock. Linda and I gasped before locking lips. As I began bouncing her again she pulled away and leaned back using my neck for support. Her beautiful tits shook and she moaned, "Oh gawd, that's so deep Paul! Oh my gawd!!! Oh my gawd!!! Oh my gawd!!! MMMMMMM!!!" 

Linda was humming in ecstasy as gravity impaled her on me. My body was straining as I fucked up into her. She worked her body to climb and jump my cock. Minute after minute of hard driving intensity was causing her to twitch and spasm on me. "MMMmmm!!! It's so gawd damn good baby! You're a fucking stud!!! AAAHHH!!! I love it baby!!!" 

I couldn't say anything and just kept pumping until I felt like my legs would give out. I turned and let her down on the table and began plunging my cock into her with full-length thrusts. Breathing hard, I grunted, "Oh Linda, you're such a hot slut! I love you! UNGH! UNGH! I could fuck you forever baby! If Ron could see you now... Oh yeah!!! Fuck me back!!!"

She leaned up and pushed me back away from her. Initially I thought she was angry for mentioning her husband but then she quickly turned over presenting her beautiful ass to me. "Fuck me from behind! Ron's never done that..." I took my cock in hand and stuffed her from behind. I didn't hesitate and began battering against her ass with each thrust into her drenched pussy. I hammered and watched the rippling effect of my exertion on her asscheeks.

Wanting to cum with Linda, I probed her clit with my fingers to boost the sensations of our coupling. "I wanna cum inside you Linda! I'm almost... AHHH!!! Almost...."

"Wait! Paul, I'm almost there too baby! Cum with me! AAHH!!! UNGH!!! YEAH PAUL!!! NOW!!! FILL MEEE!!!"

Linda was reaching out across the table, shuddering with her head against it. I reached for her shoulders and held my cock as deep as possible as I shot my load. "Oh Baby!" I collapsed in an exhausted heap on her back. "That was the best..." 

"MMMmm it was honey. Let's go back to the bed, I want you to hold me."

After our boisterous fucking, we went back to the bed. I could see the fluid remnants of our love-making on the backs of Linda's sweet thighs and in the crack of her ass. We crawled into bed and laid there, holding and making sweet-talk.

"Paul, I meant what I said earlier."

"You mean about ovulating?" I joked. She put her hand on my mouth and I licked it.

"About Ron. I haven't cum with him in a long time. I love the way you make me feel. You make me crazy. I almost snuck over here late last night." She paused and took my hands in hers and squeezed them. "The things I say, it's like it's not me. Before I met you I would never have enjoyed acting like such a slut, even in my fantasies."

"I'm glad we're together like this Linda. I do love you." I caressed her wrists and then playfully added, "And by the way, you are not only the smartest slut I know, you're the most beautiful too." I kissed her and continued, "And you're right, I do need the challenge. I wish we had more time to talk about things, but I'm not complaining."

"Just don't forget that we have more than the physical, lover."

I looked her in the eyes. "I know. The physical only makes everything else better sweetheart. Our lovemaking is an embodiment of what we are together. I know that it couldn't be this good if there weren't a lot more between us."

"Paul, you must know the poet William Wordsworth..." 

I nodded and gently rolled her nipples in my fingers.

"He wrote about 'spots of time' that people share... Oh, baby! Stop it!" She watched my fingers work. "Paul, we share spots of time to nourish our souls. You came into my life for a reason."

"I did. From the moment I met you Linda, I knew there was something very special about you. It's the way you pay attention to the details in your life. I remember admiring the little things about how you carry yourself and how you dress. Remember those shoes you were wearing when we first met? The architect Mies van der Rohe once said, 'God is in the details.' I think he was talking about the sacred dimensions of love that lies in special details."

We hugged and held each other before I took her into the shower and pampered her as I lovingly washed her body. Linda had to leave so I sat there naked and watched her dress. When she was ready, I kissed her and walked her out the backdoor. She told me she'd call later. I made myself some dinner and then sat on the balcony thinking and writing as I watched the sun set.

*****

When Linda called later, she said that Ashley would be inviting me to her wedding rehearsal. She also added that she wanted to meet for coffee the next afternoon. I was happy that Ashley thought enough of me to invite me. Ashley called me later in the evening and told me that she wanted to invite me personally before I received the invitation in the mail. I told her how happy I was for her and that her future husband was the luckiest man alive.

When I arrived at the coffee shop the next day, Linda was waiting at a table in the sidewalk seating area. I was surprised that she greeted me with a sensuous kiss in public. Having her slip her tongue succulently in my mouth made my cock twitch. I sat down and admired my lover. Linda's classic beauty was somewhat concealed behind her sunglasses but she looked even more elegant in a sense. 

"So how are the plans for the wedding going?" I asked.

"I think we're finally set. I finished some shopping this morning and Ashley and I are going to the spa later before the rehearsal."

"That sounds like fun. We should have had massages in Texas."

"Oh Paul. You gave me a wonderful massage in your own special way."

"Yeah, I had a great client to work with." 

Linda adjusted her position in her chair and spread her knees a little as she opened her posture to me. She wasn't wearing any hose but she didn't need to as her slender legs had a healthy color to them. I listened to Linda as the conversation became a little more serious and personal but it was hard not to think about being between her thighs.

"Paul, Ron is taking me on a cruise after the wedding. He said he wants to take me on vacation to relax because it's been so busy. He also said he thought John could stay home alone if he checked in with you everyday."

I was a little taken aback by the thought but said, "Yeah, Linda you deserve it and I'll take care of John. It'll be fun for you."

"Well, I don't really have a choice and you may not understand or want to hear it but I still love him. I love you too but Ron and I have had children together. Seeing Ashley get ready to get married has made me realize that Ron and I have had good years together." She looked out across the street and sipped her coffee.

I started to speak but she interrupted me. "I do love you Paul. I really do. I haven't told you this in so many words before but I worry that you need more, that you should have children and get married yourself. It's overwhelmed me at times, thinking that you should have more."

"Linda, I'm fine and I love you. All that I feel in my heart and mind is beyond words. When we're together, it feels like my body is recast as proof, as a justification, of how right we are together. I feel such an intensity of joy with you that it feels like you're the reason for my existence."

"Paul, my body is your reward." Linda said as she took my hand and placed it on her heart. "I'm just having some emotions about how my life is divided."

"I go crazy when I can't be with you, that I can't hold you each night. I've thought about seeing other women but because you... because you evoke so much desire in me, I haven't. We're good together and we share enough time together for now sweetie." I tried to comfort her and put my hand on her knee.

Linda didn't respond, she just looked at me as I sipped some coffee. She tilted her head back and stretched her neck.

"No one could be as good as you Linda. We can go on like this forever but I don't ever want you to feel divided. I am here for you sweetlove. Always."

"I know honey. I know." She paused. "I have to get going but will you get me something to read so that I can have something to remind me of you each night before I go to bed?"

"Of course. You go have fun with Ashley and I'll see you tonight at the rehearsal."

We got up and Linda took my arm as we walked to her car. She leaned into me and held me close. I opened her door and she told me, "I left you a surprise at your house because I want you to have a little more of me around when I'm not there."

I snuck a quick kiss and drove home. When I walked into the bedroom, I found a video camera set up there. Linda had left her panties hanging on the lens and a pair of red high heeled fuck-me pumps was set at the base of the tripod. The sheets on the bed were pulled back and she had laid out several vibrators on the mattress.

I hooked the camera up to my big screen TV to play Linda's surprise. She appeared on-screen in a tight facial shot.

"Sweetheart, we got a video camera for Ashley and Brian, so I got one for us too. I thought I could use it to leave you some treats for when we can't be together." She blew me a kiss into the camera and then moved back to the bed where she had laid out the toys. 

I could see she was wearing a sexy white embroidered bra with matching panties that created a nice contrast to her skin and the red pumps. She sat back against some pillows and parted her knees. She put her hand over her pussy and said, "This is where you belong. This is your home Paul. Inside me. But sometimes you'll need to come in the backdoor. You've awakened a special place inside me. I'm yours, your lover, your friend, your confidant, your nasty slut. You make me crazy with desire. I can't believe I'm doing this." She giggled.

Linda pulled her tits out of the bra. "Look at how hard my nipples are because I'm thinking about your big cock. I never knew a cock could be so good. So big, so alive in me. I wish I had yours right now but I guess these toys will have to do." She pulled on her nipples and then reached for a new dildo that I didn't recognize.

"You're so much bigger and better than this but..." She slid her panties aside and moaned softly as she held the dildo against her clit. "I need you to shave me again sometime. I love the way it makes me feel. Can you see how wet I am thinking about you here in our bed?"

She began to fuck herself. Initially her eyes were locked on the camera lens but when the pleasure grew too strong she closed her eyes and her thrusting became rapid.

"Oh baby. I need to feel you in me. I'm thinking about you. The way you look at me and make me feel beautiful. How you touch me. How you make me... Oh yes! How you make me cu-um... When you pound me! Oh, I'm gonna cum for you now Paul! MMMmmm..." All I could hear after that was her wheezing and moaning. It was amazing to watch her body move and shake. After she stopped shaking she looked back at the camera.

"Before I met you, I would play with myself like this sometimes when the house was empty. I never had an audience and now that I have you I don't need to play with myself anymore. I just thought you might like a little show baby. I hope you enjoyed it and that you have my cock nice and hard right now. It's my cock isn't it?" She got up and flashed me a smile before she left the screen and then I heard, "I love you Paul."

I was hard but when I looked at the clock I saw that it was late. I changed quickly and drove over to the church for Ashley's wedding rehearsal.

***** When I arrived at the church, I was awestruck. Linda was wearing a deep red, long straight hip-hugging skirt that flowed down to reveal just her ankles. It had the effect of highlighting her stiletto high heels. The matching jacket hid her beautiful pendulous breasts but it was still obvious that she was well-endowed.
