 An ease entered the relationship between Linda and I and in August we went on a secret vacation together. She told her family she was going away for a long weekend with a girlfriend from college on the Gulf Coast of Texas.

On the day we flew out, she was wearing a simple linen dress that buttoned all the way up the front. Once we arrived however, Linda almost never wore anything that covered up her sexy midriff which meant that her bust was constantly and prominently on display.

Linda wanted to do things she'd never done before. A few of our activities were even new to me. On the plane, I asked Linda if I could shave her love-hole since we'd be gone for several days. A sly look appeared on her face but she didn't answer. She just held my hand and said she was looking forward to our time together. I told her that I wanted to somehow initiate her into the mile-high club but we couldn't manage it. I hoped that our return flight would give us a better opportunity.

Being in a town full of strangers, we were able to show each other a lot of affection in public for the next few days. Despite the illicit nature of it all, or perhaps because of it, there was an intensity to everything we experienced. Linda told me that Ron didn't like to hold hands in public and that they probably hadn't kissed in public since just after their wedding, so I tried to show her special affection without making her uncomfortable.

After we checked into the hotel, we changed and went for a swim in the pool and lounged around in the sun. Linda chose to wear a relatively conservative one piece bathing that revealed an ample portion of her breasts but concealed her sweet ass. As we splashed and swam around in a playful mood, I told Linda that she needed a new bikini. When I took her in my arms, I adjusted the bottom of her suit so that it rode up into her asscheeks like a thong. "You need to let me shave you so you can wear a thong bottom that will show off your perfect ass Linda." She kissed me before dunking my head underwater. It was so relaxing to lay there for the afternoon without a care in the world and the most beautiful woman in the world next to me. 

In the shower before dinner, I noticed that Linda was already beginning to develop some sexy tan lines along her cleavage. We soaped and caressed for a while and then Linda got out. I thought she was done but she reappeared with a razor and shaving cream. Knowing what was about to happen, I ran the water for the bath and helped Linda down into the water. She laid there spread eagle with her legs extended over the edges of the tub.

Linda moaned as I scraped the fine hair away. I was gentle and took my time so I could study her sacred opening. When I finished, Linda's succulent pussy lips were featured in a striking manner and I couldn't help but run my fingers across her smooth skin. However, instead of enjoying it, Linda got up, dried off, and walked into the other room. I was a little surprised until she called for me.

Linda patted a spot on the bed next to her. I sat down as she said, "I love my new look honey but I just want to suck your cock right now and get you extra hard for me." She took my cock into her greedy lips, sucking it deep into her throat. She'd never taken me this deep. She seemed manic as she hummed on me. When she was satisfied with the strength of my erection, she laid back and fingered her clit. "Come on big boy, try me out with my new look. I'm so wet."

I didn't immediately enter her, instead I slid the bottom of my shaft back and forth through her now bare pussy lips. The slick hot friction was especially smooth and Linda was enjoying it. "Oh baby, it feels so smooth." I couldn't stand it anymore and wanted to feel the sensation of her all around my shaft so I drew my hips back and pushed into her. 

Our bodies quickly generated a forceful fucking rhythm. A long crescendo of moaning echoed against the slapping of our flesh. I watched Linda's tits shake as I was overwhelmed by a simultaneous sense of dominating her and being dominated. The feeling became super-natural and an infinite oblivion set in as Linda's pussy squeezed and caressed my pumping cock.

We both had our eyes closed in the ecstatic trance of our coupling. The pleasure surged and my toes began to tingle as our urgent bouncing rocked the bed. I lifted one of Linda's legs and drove into her hard as I began to cum. As I filled her she whimpered and shook in my arms, rising to her own release. We gasped for air as a breeze swept into the room through the open balcony doors. I stroked my lover's body as her breathing calmed, lost in the sensations of her radiant being.

In the filtered dusk light, we ordered room service and ate as we watched TV. For the remainder of the night, we didn't talk a lot, instead we enjoyed the company of each other and laid in bed until we fell asleep.

The next day we drove around exploring the town. We didn't have an agenda and just wandered until we found ourselves a little lost. I wasn't worried and just drove around. When I saw a seedy looking adult store, I asked Linda if she wanted to go in. She wasn't particularly excited about it but agreed to check it out. She had toys but she'd purchased them all online and I told her I'd buy her something special. I immediately knew what I wanted her to have, non-piercing nipple rings. 

Inside it was empty except the young clerk who stared at Linda when we entered. She walked past him and went to look at vibrators. I was the clerk if they had the nipple rings I wanted. He pointed them out and I chose some silver one as well as some clamps with a weight attached. Then I went to see what Linda had picked out. She had a double-pronged vibrator as well as a remote control butterfly in her hand as she browsed the magazine collection.

"You could be in any one of these magazines Linda. You're more beautiful than anyone of these women." I gave her ass a gentle squeeze and ushered her to the counter. When we purchased the items, the clerk said, "If you don't mind me saying, you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen in here."

"I told you so." I kissed her cheek.

"Thanks." Linda said shyly.

In the car, I asked Linda to put on the nipple rings. She unbuttoned her blouse and pushed down her bra so that her tits were spilling out over the top of it. She rolled her big nipples and placed the rings on. They accented her breasts in the most erotic way. I almost lost control of the car watching her and rushed back to the hotel.

In the elevator, Linda whispered, "I want you inside my love-ring Paul." When we reached our floor, she walked down the vacant hall to our room in front of me with her skirt raised and ass exposed. As she reached for her key-card, I reached forward to feel how wet she was. The door opened but Linda didn't move. My finger was inside of her and I pulled her to me and kissed her.

"Mmmm!" Linda moaned into my mouth as I used my fingers to massage her horny pussy. Linda broke the kiss and tried to enter the room but I held her there and began to unbutton her shirt. Button by button, her bronzed skin was exposed, her nipples erect in the vise of the rings. She squirmed against me, breathing heavily as I took her earlobe into my mouth. Her hands reached for my crotch and unfastened my pants.

Slowly she sank to her knees right there in the doorway, pulling down my pants. I watched her as she grabbed my cock and stroked it. Then she licked the base and popped my fat cockhead into her mouth, sucking it aggressively, bobbing her head up and down as she slobbered on it. I held her head and moaned as her lips made loud wicked noises. Suddenly, a door down the hall clicked open and Linda quickly pulled me by the cock into the room, causing me to stumble to the floor. She laughed and attacked my cock again as I lay there with my pants around my ankles.

Linda looked up at me with her beautiful eyes. Her fleshy tits tickled my legs as she mouthed my cock. "Ohh gawd!!!" I groaned. The people in the hallway probably heard me but I didn't care of course. 

Linda kept my cock in her mouth as she finished removing her clothes. The pleasure I was feeling was toe-curling. When she was naked, she got on her knees to get up. She stroked my cock with her left hand and helped me up with the other. I noticed her wedding ring for the first time in a long while as she led me to the bed. 

We laid down together, our hands kneading one another as we tongue-kissed. Linda's cunt was juicing against my thigh and my cock was dripping against hers. Our bodies were aching for gratification but we simply gazed into each other's eyes. Then we adjusted position and the lips of her pussy spread wide allowing my cockhead to penetrate her love-ring. "Ohhh!!!" We moaned simultaneously as our bodied were joined.

Our tongues danced together as I held my cock half way in her. I took her hands in mine and as I began to pump, I twisted her wedding ring around her finger. She looked up at her hand to see what I was doing. She licked her lips and then lifted her head. Her eyes shifted to watch my cock slide in and out of her. As I pumped Linda with relentlessly smooth thrusts, her breathing grew labored between soft moans. Pressing my hips lower to thrust against the bottom of her love-hole, I rocked back and forth and whispered in her ear, "I want to be inside you forever." She took a few sharp penetrations and threw her head back against the pillow as a sweet orgasm washed through her body.

We held each other in the intimacy of the moment until Linda began to buck her hips gently. I arched my body above her, using my arms to hold our flesh apart with the exception of our cunt-cock union. With increasingly forceful rhythm, I ramrodded Linda's hot wet pussy harder and faster. The bed shook under us and her tits swayed as her body became more active. She raised and extended her legs into the air, convulsing to my hard jacking thrusts. The swallowing action of her inner walls on my cock quickly caused my balls to tighten. 

Sensing my imminent release, Linda clawed at me and urged me to cum with her. "Oh baby! Cum with me! You're so big in me! Fill me with your love! Cum! OH! OH! I'm gonna cuu...mmm!" She lifted her ass off the bed, forcing every inch of my cock into her. I slick-fucked her hard for a few more thrusts until I unloaded. Linda rode it out with me as our bodies wrestled against each other. 

"OHHH! UNNNHH!" Linda moaned as the final spurts of my cum sprayed inside her pussy. 

"Oh fuck!" I sighed in response. My hands caressed her smooth body as she buried her face in my neck. In a muffled voice, she breathed, "That was soo goood sweetie."

I laid on top of her for a few moments with my soft cock still inside her before I had to get up for some water. When I came back with the glass, Linda smiled and said, "Oh Paul, you're so good to me. I think I'm gonna have to take your big cock in my ass again later." She was on her stomach and I caressed her gorgeous ass before she rolled over to sip some water. She almost gagged when I reached between her legs and flickered my finger against her asshole. 

"Oh, you bad boy. I said later..." Linda smirked. I smiled and moved to squeeze her tits. I couldn't help but admire the way her nipples looked. Linda kept the nipple rings on for most of the trip after that night. The outline they made under her bikini tops drew more than a little attention.

*****

(from Linda)

I shook my head as I sat down to write while Paul slept. I didn't want to think about why my world was as it was. I didn't care because the days and nights didn't have any connection to the past or the future. In the present, my thoughts and actions didn't have any implications except that I felt the immediate intensity of being alive, a feeling that imprisoned me in the raw unfolding of my being. I sat back and looked out over the water, conscious of only the pleasure I felt.

My mind was floating. Broken fragments of thought reverberated. Is this just physical pleasure? Is it worth it? Have I degraded myself? Can I live without this new sense of myself? What will the future bring?

I smiled, my eyes closed, a soft breeze flowing through my hair. My thoughts were underscored by the physical sense of belonging that had evolved in my affair with Paul. I didn't have to think because the questions themselves were only details of a truth I already knew. I watched him sleep for a moment and turned back to my writing.

"Paul,

There are volumes to be written about the sacred world we share together. I could never have imagined any of it but in the days ahead I will continue to put the words on paper. Our story means more to me than I could ever express but I am compelled to try to capture it in a more tangible form so because I don't ever want you to forget.

You deserve more than what I've given you but I hope that this chronicle of our experiences that we've kept together will always remind you of how I feel about you. Despite the circumstances of my life which can never change, know that I cherish you Paul. 

I'm waiting for you downstairs...

Lovingly Yours, Linda"

***** After reading her note, I got ready for dinner and went downstairs to meet Linda. When I entered the hotel restaurant my attention was immediately drawn to her. There was no way to miss her, she was stunning. I could see that two waiters were doting on her and she was laughing as they chatted her up for obvious reasons. 

Linda was wearing a skimpy black skirt that barely covered her ass and her blouse concealed very little of her voluminous breasts. The blouse was also quite short and revealed her flat stomach much to my delight. I slid my fingers across her midriff when I greeted her with a kiss.

We didn't speak much as we ate but Linda kept her legs in contact with mine under the table. At one point, she removed her slip-on heels and ran her bare foot against my crotch. Later, over drinks, Linda started talking about our relationship.

"This all feels like we're making love Paul. Does it feel that way to you?" She asked.

"It does. Linda, being with you is better than anything I've ever known." I tried to kiss her but she turned her head and hugged me.

"I love you Paul." She whispered.

"I love you Linda. I love you." 

"Take me dancing and then make love to me again."

We went to the hotel club and held each other sensually through a few songs even though the music didn't match our rhythm. Linda never let my hand go until we later made our way out to the beach and she took off her heels. We strolled along the deserted beach. The sound of the waves and the fading light made for a romantic atmosphere.

When we returned to our room, we made slow erotic love, holding each other adoringly in several positions. I licked Linda's pink pussy lips until she came and then she rode me to a heart trembling mutual orgasm. I loved watching her shake her breasts, her nipples pinched by the rings. It felt like Linda's entire being was consuming me and I could only moan a series of terms of endearment before we gave into the fatigue of sweet exertion and content.

*****

Late the next morning, we went down to the beach to lounge around before lunch. Linda was wearing an incredible pink bikini. Her nipple rings were clearly visible under the thin material. She was wearing a wrap that concealed the beautiful ass I loved and underneath she was wearing the butterfly we'd gotten her at the sex store. I didn't realize that she was wearing it until she handed me the remote control after we got settled in the sand.

I turned it on and laid there watching Linda. She initially drew in a sharp breath and then let the pleasure consume her. She was squirming and trying not to moan out loud but her legs began to flail and she begged me to turn it off. When I finally did, Linda got up and quickly led me to a semi-private alcove on unsteady legs. 

She laid back on the picnic table there and spread for me. I removed the butterfly and her bikini bottom. When I entered her, I could feel the ecstasy bursting through the nerve-endings in her hot-hole. I stood there with my cock in Linda, staring down at the opulence of her body in the natural light. She was already so turned on that the combination of her rubbing her clit and my thrusting had her cumming in no time. I kept pumping her but she squeezed her thighs to get me to stop.

"Let's go back to the room right now!" Linda didn't bother to put her bikini bottom back on as we collected our things and made our way back to the room. She simply tried to conceal herself with the wrap and walked as fast as she could. Heads were turning and followed us until the elevator doors closed. I reached up under the wrap and fingered her from behind as she leaned back against me. We raced to the room where Linda threw off her remaining clothes and jumped onto the bed.

I was enchanted by this busty goddess who was laying on the bed for me. I leaned down and suckled her engorged clit. Her juices were boiling as she grabbed my head and smothered my face. There was a sense of wild abandon in Linda's actions as she worked my sloppy mouth. 

She reached for the double-pronged vibrator on the nightstand and handed it to me. I slid it through her lips to coat it with some juice and studied the folds of her beautiful pussy. I licked her slit as I teased her with just the tip of the toy, thinking that the close-up view probably resembled what it looked like when my cock was in her. I was engrossed and wanted to lick her sweet nectar until she came but she wanted more. "I want the real thing now Paul."

I ignored her and kept licking as I inserted the vibrator deeper. When the second prong was against her ass, I turned the speed up and frenched her clit. Linda started shaking and begged me to stop and fuck her but she didn't push me away so I continued. Her body was so amazing, I took my time and ravished her with my mouth, enjoying her scent and taste. Moving the plastic dong back and forth, I could read the pleasure aching for release in her flesh. 

Linda pulled her knees up and held her thighs apart inviting me to penetrate her harder. It felt like she was beginning to cum in intense little spasms so I closed her thighs together and rolled her over onto her elbows and knees. When I licked her tender asshole she bucked and screamed, "OH FUCK BABY!!! YES! I WANT IT THERE! FILL BOTH MY HOLES!!!" She knew exactly what I wanted and offered it to me. I slapped her asscheeks causing her to undulate. The vibrator stayed in place and I moved to get some lotion. Linda was an incredible sight propped up with her ass presented to me as she took hold of the vibrator and fucked herself with it. 

She was moaning and wanting more. I don't think I'd ever seen her so wanton, willing to do anything at that moment. Her body was riding an electric wave of pleasure and I was about to give her more. I greased up her ass and turned the second prong away from her asshole to rub and finger it. 

After working two fingers into her forbidden hole, I took my cock in hand and squeezed the head into her. It felt tighter with the toy in her pussy. Linda was groaning and pleading as she wrestled against me.

"Oh baby, anything! Fill me up. I want to feel your cock in my ass. I need you baby. Do me! Take my ass! I'm gonna cum so hard, I can feel it!!!"

I too was overwhelmed by our sensuous activities. Linda's body was wide open to me, her legs propping her ass up for the taking. I fed her my cock inch by inch, watching her asshole stretch tight on it. "Oh so hot baby! I need to be in you forever!" I rammed myself back and forth, all my energy surging through my shaft. The vibrations from the toy caused tremors across the slick hot point of our connection and the second prong periodically grazed my balls.
