 “We’re leaving tomorrow. I’m gonna come over this afternoon so we can work out the details about John.”

After I’d been home for about an hour that afternoon, Linda came over. She sauntered right past me without even a hello kiss and went smiling into the bathroom of the master bedroom. I followed her but she wouldn’t let me past the bathroom door. Instead, she went through her flight times and the rules she and Ron had laid out for their son John. I sat on the bed and took mental notes, anxious with sexual anticipation.

After about ten minutes, Linda finally appeared with a sexy grin on her face. She stood before me, an elegant vision of radiant femininity. Her body was covered by a playful Marabou trim babydoll. The fluffy material along her breastline and the hemline gave her a classy sensual appearance reminiscent of a pin-up model from the 1950s.

“Oh my Linda.” I said as she struck a pose.

The hem of the babydoll slid up in front to subtly expose her insatiable hole as she extended her arms to push her hair behind her ears. “I’ll miss you this week.”

I stood up and pulled a strap off of her shoulder to cup one of her succulent breasts with both of my hands. “I’m gonna miss you too Linda.” I said as I nibbled on her perfect flesh.

She moaned and raised my head to kiss me, her tongue brushing across my lips in a sensuous motion. Linda always kissed me in a way that stirred the emotions in my heart. As our kissing grew impassioned, I turned our bodies and laid Linda back on the bed. Again, the hem of her babydoll rose up and exposed her to me.

I dropped my pants quickly and as I unbuttoned my shirt, I knelt between Linda’s legs to lick her protruding pussy lips. I relished the feeling of her inner thighs against my cheeks as I inhaled her intoxicating fragrance before lightly tracing my tongue across her sensitive womanhood. She flinched with a gasp but then arched her hips upward offering her pussy to my lips.

With my tongue extended, I lightly flickered the folds of her flavorful love-hole. The urgency in her hips quickened, as I pressed my tongue on her clit and held it there to swallow. Her juices gave strength to the desire growing in my cock as I opened my lips wide to mouth her cunt. The savory textures of her sex-lips made me hungrier for her as I heard her moan toward an orgasm.

“Oh! MMMmmm… Right there!”

I pursed my lips on her clit and frenched it lovingly. Then in an effort to provoke Linda, I sucked it back and forth firmly through my lips. The suctioning action caused her hips to gyrate and her thighs closed around my head.

Linda grunted deeply. “Oh fuck! I need you inside of me Paul!” She tried to push me away but I held my place and devoured her tender flesh. I loved having her buck against my face and mouth and never wanted to release my sweet lover.

“Suck harder baby! Ohhh!!!” 

I did and then reach up to roll her nipples causing her to shudder. With both hands I pulled her big hard nipples and twisted them. I wanted to be a little rough so that Linda would feel me for a few days.

“Oh please! Paul!!!” 

I pinched harder and pulled her nipples down toward me. Her tits were stretched taut as pressed my head hard between her legs and came on my face in a prolonged high-pitched whine. “Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Unghh!!!” Linda thrashed and humped into my face.

Releasing her tit-flesh, I licked up her tight stomach and laid on top of her and shared her cream with her in a sloppy slick kiss. Linda threw her arms and legs around me and was able to capture my cock with practiced grinding of her hips. I penetrated her wanton hole and began the slow intercourse of our loving session. With control, I made love to her, wanting her to remember the delight of our union. 

She flopped back and let me have her. I was thrusting into her tight caressing pussy, trying to melt my flesh into her with rhythmic friction. As our bodies worked together, I held back my urge to go faster and languished in the delight of feeling her inner muscles grip my shaft.

“Quit teasing! Fuck me Paul! Put your big hard cock deep in me!”

With short strokes, I continued to stretch her as I held her head in my hands and looked into her beautiful eyes. Pulling back until my cock slipped out of her, I kissed her and pushed my tongue into her mouth. Overwhelmed by the insistent passion growing between us, I pushed my tongue hard into her mouth and worked it like I was tongue-fucking her. At the same time, I slid my cock back and forth through her slick cunt-slit.

Linda grabbed my ass and worked her hips to capture my cockhead again and then lunged her hips to get my cock back inside of her. I didn’t resist and continued to kiss her as my cock was engulfed and massaged by her inner muscles. Our bodies were grinding but it wasn’t enough for Linda. She wrapped her arms around me and shook in an attempt to get me pumping but I held tight and kissed her harder.

Slowly enjoying every inch of this amazing woman, I lengthened the thrusts of our coupling but kept it measured and deliberate. Having Linda’s mouth locked to mine, I pressed my hips lower and pumped the underside of my shaft against the bottom of her love-ring. With each thrust, the tension of our union rose and then released. 

I whispered in Linda’s ear, “It feels so good to be inside you. I want to make love to you forever.” And began driving my cock into her faster with short bucking.

Linda gave herself to the fucking then, her arms flailed against the bed and her hips shook in abandon as our sex pummeling heightened. I looked down at her buxom figure, so available, her face flushed in agonizing pleasure. Suddenly my thrusting felt effortless and our bodies harmonized with my cock plunging in and out of her.

Blissful radiation seared through my body as I drilled her sweltering hole. I began slam-fucking into Linda and she responded by rearing her hips up against each thrust. Pumping and grunting I ramrodded my cock into her for a minute and then changed tempo.

I pulled my hips back to withdraw my cock and then hesitated before filling her to the hilt firmly. I could tell by the inhaling and exhaling of her breath that Linda was getting closer to an intense cum. My own orgasm was building strong in my balls and I clenched my ass to try to control it.

“Oh, so good… Paul… Yes baby! Just like that! Unnnnggh… faster now! Come on!”

I loved fucking my gorgeous neighbor. I loved her in every way. I felt the friction of our fucking spark as I jackhammered her enflamed lips. Crying gasps flowed from Linda’s throat and her blonde hair swung wildly as she shook her head and came in shudders. 

“Mmmm… O! Oh! Honey! Cum with me… Oh gawd! Ungh! Ungh! Ungh!”

Linda’s orgasm spurred me on and I tried to fuck her into submission. I stuffed my tongue in her ear and pounded into her cunt. Her sexy flesh was mine to enjoy. I slowed my thrusting and raised her legs, locking my arms behind her knees. This made her big tits swell upward and I watched them shake as I pumped. She closed her eyes and held her mouth open in a silent scream as I rammed my cock hard for a few thrusts.

With her ankles on my shoulders Linda’s ass was accessible so I pulled out and let my cock slide against her ass. When I felt I could hold back my cum, I pressed my cockhead against her asshole. Linda closed her eyes and reached down to spread her asscheeks for me. I wanted her pussy to ache for me but I also wanted her to feel nasty so I popped my cock into her tight hole with determination.

“Slow baby, easy.” Linda pleaded. 

I knew I wasn’t going to last in her ass so I drilled into her supple flesh and held my cock there and leaned down to hold my face against hers. Linda grunted and shifted her hips against me as I pushed into her deeper. Sharing a long, open-mouthed slippery kiss, I flexed my cock in her ass and she squeezed back. 

Thrusting in and out of her ass-ring for a few moments, I held Linda tight and relished the sensation of being interlocked with her in this intimate position. I looked into her eyes, feeling a swale of emotion. Linda stroked my hair and said, “I want you to be in my pussy again baby and cum with me. But let’s do something different.” 

I released her legs and we separated briefly. To my surprise, Linda got up and dragged me into the bathroom. She turned on the shower and entered the hot spray. I joined her and enjoyed the soapy caressing as we kissed in the steamy cascade. The cleansing gave new life to my cock which Linda noted and manipulated with a good slick fisting of my shaft. She acted crazy and started playing with my asshole as I watched her pump me. 

Her big tits were shaking from her intense exertion and I grunted when she pushed a finger in my ass. She held her finger there and stopped jacking me so she could stand up and kiss me as she played with my ass. My knees buckled slightly as she fingered my hole. I couldn’t stand it anymore and threw back the curtain to sit on the edge of the tub.

She sat her slippery body down on me and extended her legs. Water was splashing everywhere as we fucked wildly, grinding and humping against one another. Our moaning echoed against the bathroom tiles as we strained to fuck harder. The fluid sensations of our mounted union quickly sent me over the edge and I erupted. Shooting my hot load into Linda, I clung to her and urged her to cum. 

She got off of me and squatted down stroking my cock all over her face as she watched the final drops of cum ooze from my cockhead.

“Oh Paul! Look at me!”

Linda maintained eye contact with me and licked my cock clean. She seemed mesmerized by my cock and sucked it hard, causing me to wince.

“I want you to remember where this cock belongs. In my mouth…” She slurped on it loud for emphasis and then stood up. “In my pussy…” Linda stood up and slid a finger through her pussy lips. “In my ass…” She turned around and spread her asscheeks for me.

I could feel my cock regain some firmness and stood up to take my lover in my arms. I kissed her passionately and held her under the shower spray as I explored her body. She reached for my cock and squeezed it back to life. The frenzy of our lust took over and I pulled Linda out of the shower and dragged her to the bed. Water was dripping everywhere as I threw her back onto the bed and penetrated her. 

I ramrodded her sweet hole aggressively and Linda bucked up at me screaming. “Oh yes!!! Hurry baby, it’s getting late. Fill me up before I have to go.”

“Cum! Cum with me!”

The deep and hard penetrations caused Linda to draw in sharp breaths. Her sweet inner walls formed a perfect sleeve on my cock. We began to moan loudly as we worked toward an intense orgasm. I fucked harder and clenched my teeth. Linda’s face contorted as her cunt started contracting on my cock-shaft.

“OHHH GAWD!!!” Linda wailed arching her back. “SO DEEP!!!” 

I could feel the tension in our supple flesh reach the threshold. Linda threw her torso at me and I jacked my hips faster. Cum surged through me and filled my beautiful lover’s quaking hole. She gasped and shuddered as I rocked back and forth on top of her. My mind went blank as we clutched together in hard breathing ecstasy.

After a few moments, Linda broke the slick wet connection of our love-knot and went to clean up again. I laid there feeling the cum dry on my cock as the pulsing subsided. I got up when I heard the shower shut off and moved to the bathroom door to watch Linda. As she dried her hair, I fondled her breasts and pulled on her nipples, causing her to shudder. Watching her tits shake was hypnotic and I didn’t want to let go but she slapped my hands away. 

As Linda dressed, I went to get the book I wanted her to read during her vacation. It was an erotic novel by Jaid Black about a woman who discovered her submissive nature. I put the cover of another book on it so that Ron would know what it was about. We said good-bye with a soft kiss and then I took a long bath.

I called Linda later, knowing that she was busy packing but I was desperate to have her one more time before a week of abstinence. My heart was pounding and I was overwrought with emotion.

“Go into the kitchen.” I told her.

“Ok, but why?” She questioned.

“Is your garbage can full?” I asked.

“Actually, it is.”

“Take off your panties and then go outside to dump it.”

I hung up the phone and snuck over to Linda’s house and waited just outside her garage. A minute later the door was activated and Linda appeared wearing a robe. I stood up from my hiding place and took her in my arms.

We kissed in a fervor as I undid the sash and pressed myself against her naked body. I pull my hips back to drop my pants and then pinned Linda against the wall. Bending my knees, I put my cock into position and rose up to penetrate her. Linda gasped and raised a leg around my hip and then hoisted herself up onto me placing her arms on my shoulders for leverage. 

After getting past the initial dry friction, we began a smooth fucking action that built quickly into desperate bucking. My legs were straining as I rammed up and Linda’s weight brought her down on me. Our cries were muffled against one another in the relative silence of the neighborhood but the sound of our bodies slamming was distinct. The slick creamy pistoning of our bodies in this risky scene quickly intensified into a palpable surge toward orgasm. I grabbed Linda’s tight ass and pounded her against the wall. 

“I’m gonna be sore you bastard.” Linda moaned. “I’m gonna cum! Fill me up now!”

Pumping hard, I could feel the cum begin to rise through my balls and grunted with the first spurts. Linda whimpered and came with me. She lost control and unlocked her legs so that she was on her tiptoes leaning against me. My cock strained at this angle and continued to shoot. We shared a long nasty kiss until Linda pulled away.

“I have to get back. I love you. Be good Paul.”

I watched her walk away quickly and then pulled up my pants and ran home. The phone was ringing as I entered the house. It was Linda. All she said was “You’re dripping out of me lover.” And then she hung up.