 I was divorced for a few years when my life changed forever. My ex husband Stan had called me on the phone one night to invite me to his wedding. I accepted even though I was hurt because a part of me still loved him. We were married for 20 years. That's like a lifetime for two people to be married. I thought we would be together forever but boy was I sure wrong. 

I had finished a hard day of work when I was in the elevator going to my apartment. I got off the elevator and went to my apartment door when I noticed my neighbor trying to get his key out of his pocket. 

"Hey Zack. How have you been?" He has been my neighbor for almost a year now and I try and talk to him whenever I can. He is probably the most gorgeous man I had ever laid eyes on. I get so turned on whenever I see him let alone think about him. 

"Hi Victoria. I've been good. Had to go and visit my kids up north for a few days." He leaned up against the wall as he talked to her. 

"Well that's nice. I have to go cook dinner so I'll see you later."

"Would you like to have dinner at my place tonight? As friends of course." She smiled. Of course just as friends. That's all he saw her as. 

"Ok that sounds good. Let me take a shower and I'll come over at around eight."

"Sounds good. Do you like Chinese?"

"I love it." He opened his door before breaking the conversation.

"Alright see ya at eight." He closed the door behind him while smiling at her. I was so happy. I was going on a date with Zack. The man I have fantasized about for ever. He didn't feel the same way but hopefully I can make him feel something then friendship for me. 

Once I got into my apartment, I went upstairs to take a shower. As I was getting the shower ready I stripped down to nothing and looked at myself in the mirror. Who am I kidding? All I am is a middle aged woman. There was no way he would want me. My own husband of 20 years didn't even want me anymore.

I hate my curly blonde hair. My green eyes were probably my only good feature. I looked down and saw my breasts. At least they weren't sagging yet. There was no way Zack would want someone like me when he could have someone a lot younger. 

He was way better looking then I was. He had crystal blue eyes. Short black hair and a body to die for. He was tall and muscular. Why was he going to go for a woman like me. Oh well I thought to myself as I stepped into the shower. 

After my shower, I did my makeup and got my outfit together. Even if it wasn't a real date, I still wanted to look good. I decided on black pants and a red form fitting blouse. Even if I didn't think of myself as sexy on a normal basis, I felt like I was that night. 

I went downstairs to get a bottle of wine from my collection when I heard a noise. It sounded like it was coming from Zack's apartment. Since our apartment's were so close together, I could hear things that he did. Like if he broke glass or when his water was running. The walls were really thin. 

I went over to where I heard the noise exactly and stopped. I was right in front of a picture frame. Something told me to move it out of the way so I did. When I did I was in for the shock of my life. 

As I moved the picture frame I saw a small hole in my wall. It wasn't really big and it was the first time I had noticed it in the year I had been in this apartment. A good friend of mine had gotten the apartment for me so she probably covered up the hole with the picture and forgot to tell me about it. I was never the one to spy on people but I decided to look through the hole just to see. 

When I looked through the hole it looked like I was looking at a bedroom. I was looking at Zack's bedroom! Now I knew I was always going to think about this while I was sleeping. I felt bad about looking so I was about to stop when I saw Zack enter the room. I stood there and watched closely. The hole was too small for him to notice me I hoped. 

He had this look on his face as he sat at the edge of the bed. As he sat down he started to stroke his cock through his pants. Was he masturbating? That would be so hot if he was. I kept thinking about what his cock looked like. Was it big and thick as I thought or was it small? I didn't know but I wanted to find out. 

Zack pulled down his pants and I could see him grasp his cock in his hand. I couldn't really tell the size of it from were I was but he looked like he was a pretty blessed man. He started to stroke himself harder moving his hand up and down the shaft. He threw his head back and moaned deeply.

"My god she is so hot. I just want to fuck her brains out so bad." I heard him say as he picked up the peace. He was moaning like crazy by them and I felt the urge to touch my soaking underwear. He was moving his hand even faster until it was over and he came all over the place. His breathing had gone back to normal as he went into his bathroom and got a towel to clean up his mess. 

"God what I wouldn't do if I had a night alone with her." He said to himself. Who was he talking about I wondered to myself. After he was done cleaning up he redressed and left the bedroom. I moved the picture frame back and decided to do this again whenever I got a chance to. I felt like a voyeur but I didn't care. It was hot to see him masturbate. I loved every second of it and I knew I was going to think about it a lot when I masturbated that night. 

I looked at the clock and saw it was close to eight so I went over to Zack's. I knocked on the door and waited for him to answer. He answered the door with a huge smile and I just smiled back thinking about what I had just saw him do. 

"Come in please." He opened the door wider for me as I walked in and looked around his apartment. It was nice and tastefully decorated. He motioned for me to sit down on the couch and followed me to it. 

"I brought some wine for you."

"Oh well thank you so much. That was very nice of you." He smiled his gorgeous smile and went to go get some glasses. The doorbell rang while he was pouring the wine. 

"Could you get that it's the Chinese. The money is on the counter." I went over and got the money before answering the door. I handed the Chinese guy the money while he handed me the food. I thanked him and then closed the door. Zack helped me with the food and set it down on the counter. 

"Serve yourself please. Eat as much as you want." Once we got our food we situated ourself on the couch. 

"This is really good. Thank you for inviting me."

"Oh it's no problem at all. I get really lonely at times so I decided to see if you wanted to have dinner. So tell me something about you."

"Well I'm divorced and have two beautiful grown kids."

"I'm divorced as well after 21 years."

"20 years for me. I didn't see it coming."

"I did. We always argued never agreed on anything and our sex life lacked so much." Just talking about sex made me think of seeing him a few minutes ago. I could feel my panties getting soaked again. 

"Well my husband went through a midlife crisis and slept with his 25 year old secretary. They're getting married in a few weeks."

"Wow he is an idiot for giving up an incredibly beautiful woman like you." I could fell myself blushing and thanked him. We had finished most of the wine when he got the plates up and washed them. I felt a little dizzy and light headed since I hadn't drinken at much in a while. He noticed while he was washing.

"Are you ok Victoria?" I nodded my head.

"I'm fine. I think I drank a little too much."

"Well at least you don't have to drive anywhere tonight." I was lucky I didn't because I knew there was no way I would have made it home alive that night. "Do you need any help Zack?" 

"No I've got in under control. Thanks though." I don't know if it was the wine but I was so fucking horny. I think it was Zack though. Seeing him washing the dishes was such a turn on for me. He noticed me staring and turned off the faucet moving towards me.

"There actually was a reason why I invited you over tonight." He moved closer to me until he was face to face with me. I got fell my breath getting shallow. 

"Really what was that?" He leaned in and I could fell he breath my neck. He moved his hands to my neck and trailed down to my breasts before stopping. He leaned into my neck and kissed it gently. I couldn't breathe. My fantasy was hopefully coming true. He stopped kissing my neck and looked directly into my eyes. His eyes weren't blue anymore. Instead they were as dark as black. 

"I wanted to kiss you." He leaned in and kissed me deeply on the lips. Nibbling on my bottom lip gently. I have never been kissed like this before in my life. He pressed his body into mine and I could fell his erection sticking into my thigh. "You know I fantasize about this body when I masturbate." I gasped as he cupped my breasts and started to massage them. Then it hit me. I was the woman he was talking about while he was jacking off. I felt myself smile and he saw it. 

"I think of you too when I masturbate." He kissed me again as he took off my shirt and then moved to my pants as I fought with his clothes. When we were in our under garments, he picked me up and carried me to his bedroom. Setting me down on his bed he removed his boxers making my eyes bulge out of my head. There stood a nice hard 9 inch cock with pre cum glistening from the tip. I had never had a cock that big before. Stan was the only 7 inches. I knew I would enjoy it though. 

"Do you like what you see?" I smiled and nodded my head as I removed my bra and underwear. He looked like a kid in a candy store as he eyed me up and down. '

"I love what I see." He then moved on top of me and kissed me again before moving his fingers to my wet pussy pushing them in making me moan out in pleasure. I wanted him at that moment like I had never wanted a man before in my life. 

I groaned as he banged me faster with his hand. He kissed me one last time and then moved his head down to my breasts kissing them before kissing his way down my body. He stuck his tongue into my bellybutton making me laugh before descending to my pussy. I held my breath as I what anticipated would happen next. He looked into my eyes and smiled before he took one glorious lick to my pussy. Gasping in pleasure I grabbed his head and wrapped my fingers into his short hair. 

He started to tongue fuck me as he moved his thumb to my clit and rubbed it gently. I was getting so much pleasure I couldn't stand it anymore. I was about to come and come hard. He could tell I was close so he moved his tongue faster and faster before I felt my orgasm coming. I gushed so much against his tongue as I moaned in pleasure. he kept licking and sucking me making me come even more. 

"Oh god Zack." I said as I caught my breath. He looked at me and smiled since I was so satisfied. I knew he had to be dying though. Time for him to get his I thought to myself. 

He moved down to me and kissed me hard making me taste myself on his lips which turned me on even more. I flipped us over shocking him. 

"Now It's my turn." I winked at him before kissing him on his chest. I started to lick his nipples and biting them gently. he moaned as I did this which made me want to please him more. I kissed his rock hard abs before taking his cock in my hands and stroking it lightly. I then blew on the tip before taking it into my mouth. I hardly ever did it for Stan because it never appealed to me which is probably why he went to a much younger woman. But with Zack I really wanted to do this for him. 

I started to lick and suck him harder which he loved. I looked up at him and saw his lustful eyes staring back at me. He moved his hands to my hair and pulled on my hair gently. I could tell he was close so I moved my head quicker on his cock. He pulled me up and flipped us over again before pushing himself into me hard. 

"Oh fuck Zack harder baby please go harder." He thrusted the length of him back into me harder then the pervious time making me scream in pleasure. Never before had a man made me feel this way. 

"Oh god Victoria you feel so damn good." He pumped harder into me. 

"Fuck baby I'm gonna come. Come with me please." He pumped into me one last time before his hot cum went into my pussy. We both caught our breaths as he moved down on the bed next to me. 

"God that was amazing." He kissed my forehead before wrapping his arms around me tight. 

"I have wanted to do this forever."

"Me too." I started thinking about watching him masturbate and started laughing.

"What's so funny?" I moved up on my arm and looked at him. 

"There is a hole in my wall and before I came over here, I watch you jack off. It was really hot." He smiled because he knew that I knew I was the woman he was talking about. 

"Well hopefully I won't have to masturbate as much with you in my bed." He kissed me deeply before we fell asleep. 

Ever since that night we have been dating which will be a year soon. He makes me fell so alive and free I love it so I feel nothing for Stan but friendship and I know Zack and I's relationship will last for a while and who knows maybe it might turn into something more.