 "If you liked your outfit, I have more in the top drawer." George said pointing to the dresser. "Sorry, I neglected to get anything to wear to bed."

Shannon untied and pulled off the black sheer snippet of cloth and went over and carried it to the dresser. She felt suddenly naked, which made her laugh realizing it hadn't really covered anything. She opened the drawer and pulled out the featherweight pile. First was a sheer white bra and miniskirt that couldn't have been smaller. She looked at him, "Apparently, this is not for warmth?" Seeing him shake his head, she plopped it back, "Ok, it's your party." Next, she pulled out a red fishnet bodysuit. She held it up to the light and signed, seeing no filtering. "Thank God we didn't make a skiing bet. I'd freeze to death with your choice of clothing." She headed to the bathroom to brush her teeth and get ready for bed, her pussy throbbing in anticipation.

She looked in the mirror to see if she could see any difference in how she looked. She felt completely different, but could see nothing in her eyes or anywhere else. She wondered how she was going to look Dan in the eyes tomorrow. Would Dan see something? She shook her head and rinsed her mouth out. She thought back on how big George's cock was, how it felt stretching her pussy out. It was exciting to think how totally she gave herself to this man. How he bent her over and took her, how he exposed her to other men. She realized there'd be no need of much foreplay, touching herself between her legs.

When she came back into the bedroom, George was lying fully naked on his back, stroking his hardening cock. She saw a tube of KY on the side table and sighed, "Thinking you'll get lucky, I see." Shannon laughed. She crawled up on the bed and took his hand off his cock, "I'm sorry, union rules. You hired me to take care of this and you touching it is a union violation. You really don't want the wrath of United Cocksuckers and Handjobbers coming after you." She licked the head, "Plus, you might hurt yourself with those huge hands of yours."

George grinned seeing his cock being tended to. It had been a long, long time since he came three times in a day, but he actually thought he could do a lot more than that with the beautiful blonde kneeling between his legs. He watched eagerly before plopping his head back, eyes closed, feeling her lips opening up and her warm mouth take in more and more of his aching cock.

Shannon felt George relax and get into her mouth pleasing his really fat hunk of flesh and looked up at him. Pulling off with a slurp, she indicated the KY with her eyes, "There something you'd like?"

George pulled her on top of him and kissed her, "Actually, yes." Reached between her legs and guided his cock against her wet slit. "This felt too good earlier and at my advanced age, I wasn't sure I'd get the chance to feel it again before our 24 hours is over."

Shannon sighed as she felt her pussy stretched again. She thought how she could get used to this, but shook that thought off and focused feeling this for now. "You might be older than I am, but you've got the libido of a post-pubescent boy. Don't give me that advanced age crap." 

George chuckled and ran his hands all over the young girl's body. Amazed how flawless her skin was, how tight her stomach felt, how her butt muscles flexed as she raised and lowered herself, but especially, her nice tits. She had perfectly shaped tear-drop breasts. He guessed C or D-cup, just large enough his hands barely covered them, her hardened nipples scraping on his palms. His hands continued to explore every inch of her body, but were drawn back to those tits. He didn't need to know she was a natural blonde by checking out her golden patch, but because she had the perfect blonde's pale pink nipples. The areolas puffed out when she got aroused and her nipples hardened nicely under his ministrations. He looked at her face, eyes closed, apparently lost in pleasure and he had a swelling of pride that he was able to please this goddess. He lifted his head up and pulled a nipple into his mouth causing the girl's hips to move faster of his cock. 

Shannon was loving how when she torqued her pelvis against the fattest shaft she'd ever had inside her, her clit grinding against it, driving her closer and closer to the edge. "Fuck, George, why didn't you get a hole in one in Pebble Beach? We could have done this all week." She gasped.

Hearing that made the older man almost cum, "I've thought about that over and over, ever since. Hang on. I'd like to switch positions. Do you mind if I get on top?" George asked.

Shannon groaned, "Ok, but damn, I'm close." The young blonde slowly pulled off the large shaft, savoring the friction. "You'd better be ready to pound the shit out of me. I need it." She panted, flopping onto her back, leg spread obscenely wide.

Grinning, George got between her legs and let her smaller hands guide him and as soon as he felt lined up, he drove into the sopping pussy.

"Aaaaaaahhhhh, yessss." She cried, "Fuck me. I'm all yours George...cum inside me...mark me as yours."

Hearing that, the man thrust harder and more rapidly into the grunting girl. He loved how her tits bounced all over her chest and her wide open crotch thrust up, welcoming his spearing. He tried not to cum too soon, but seeing the intense look of pleasure, her hands mauling her tits, her grunts, he prayed she'd cum soon. He remembered Dan's warning. "Oh God, Shannon, we have to slow down, I'm so close." He started to pull out when the girl grabbed his ass and pulled him hard into her and she came hard. 

That was all it took and both of the sweating lovers ground against each other as they climaxed in unison. Panting, drenched in sweat, George collapsed on the bed, his chest next to Shannon's, his cock shill buried deep inside her pussy. "Fuck me, Shannon. I held off as long as I could."

"I love it when I get to cum at the same time as my lover. It means we are in sync." She felt his shriveling cock slip out, and juices begin to seep. She put her hand between her legs and rolled off the bed. "I think I'm going to go clean myself up."

*************************************************

As she lay in bed feeling scrubbed but exhausted, Shannon stroked the man's back, "I'm glad you won. I dreaded it, then wondered how to get out of it, but there's an aspect of this, perhaps because it's illicit, but it's more than sex, it's everything leading up to it, knowing you're not my husband. The forbidden fruit, as it were." She giggled, "Sorry, I'm rambling."

George laughed, "I understand. Believe it or not, my first thought was to cancel the bet. I'm happy I won, but I feel guilty. I didn't win fair and square. I feel like I had to cheat to win, but I'm over it." He laughed as he pawed one of those beautiful breasts.

"You did cheat, but I went along with it. I still cannot figure out how I didn't see that coming." She looked over at the side table, "There is something I thought I saw coming, didn't. I thought you'd want to fuck my ass."

"I did. I do. I know it won't be tonight, but I was enjoying what's between your legs so much, I really hated to stop. Plus, I've never had anal sex. I think I've been afraid of hurting someone and well, no woman has indicated she wanted me there."

Shannon thought about it. "Look, we can try in the morning. If I can take you, that's great, if not, I'll scream, most likely inducing a neighbor to call 911. I don't see the downside of at least trying." Shannon said softly. "But, you've worn me out. You wouldn't mind getting sleep, would you?"

Shannon turned and looked at the clock, 4:14 AM and felt a wave of sadness realizing she'd be in Dan's arms in pretty much 12 hours. 'What has he been thinking? Has he been able to sleep? Shit, shit, shit...please don't make my stupidity ruin what we have. Poor Dan. Please forgive me, Dan.' She felt strong tears build up and turning, put her face into the pillow and tried to get back to sleep. 

Her thoughts returned to the man beside her and knew he'd want as much of her as possible. She shuddered thinking, could she take something that big in her ass? She rolled over and softly reached over and found that fat snake. Even soft she could barely get her hand around it. As she explored the flaccid shape, she felt it stir, grow, shift up from between his legs up onto his stomach. As she stroked it to full hardness she played with the ideas of sucking on it or climbing onto the man and riding it. 

George opened his eyes and looked over at the beautiful blonde, her breasts bouncing gently with every stroke. He closed his eyes again and let her believe he was still asleep.

Shannon looked up and saw George was still asleep, she gently pulled down the covers to reveal the large snake. 'Christ, look at that fat head. That actually got inside me?' She felt the slight soreness and grinned. Very slowly so as to not wake the man, she crawled over and guided that wonderful hunk of flesh into her mouth. She could taste his cum seeping out and wanting more, wrapped her lips around him and took more and more of him into her mouth until he was hitting the back of her throat.

George slightly opened his eyes as he felt the girl's warm mouth around his cock, the tongue eagerly exploring his shape. He groaned feeling her soft hand playing with his balls and wondered if he had any sperm left, but that didn't make it any less erotic. He looked at her other hand stroking the base of his shaft and saw the wedding ring and felt conflicting emotions, 'Sorry Dan. As much as I love this, you're a good man.' But also, 'Fuck, right now, I'm the luckiest man in the world. Look at that body, those tits, those beautiful lips stretched around my cock...surely the biggest cock she'd ever see.' This last thought drove out any regrets and made the sensations in his crotch even more intense.

Shannon looked up and saw George looking at her and attacked his cock with more passion, taking it deeper, sucking on it harder. She lifted up her arm as the man reached down and grabbed her dangling tit. The deeper and deeper she took his cock, the more he responded by thrusting his hips against her mouth and soon she had to release his cock so he could drive deeper into her throat. His balls were becoming slick with her saliva and as she fondled those huge testicles, she brushed her finger across his anus and thought he pushed up a bit more. Testing his response, she continued to slide her finger across that tight bud and his responses became more urgent. 

George was in heaven, his cock deep down the girl's throat, his balls gently and expertly stimulated and a finger now penetrating his ass. He wanted to cry out to stop that he was going to come, but feeling that finger drive deep into him he thrust his hips hard up and grunted out, "Unnng...nnnngggg...nnnng...Oh God damn..." As he exploded a surpriising amount of cum into the blonde's stomach.

Shannon swallowed as rapidly as she could but after the man finally stopped ejaculating his cream into her throat, she pulled off with gasping and coughing. She grinned at the man, tears running down her face. She let the man pat her back and she got the sperm out of her lungs. "Wow, I just assumed you had very little left after yesterday." 

"Sorry, I didn't mean to choke you. Are you alright?" George asked?

Shannon rolled off the bed, "I'm fine. I think I'll splash some water on my face. Go back to sleep, sorry to wake you." She said grinning as she headed to the bathroom.

*************************************************

Dan looked at the clock and groaned. No sleep. He got up and looked out the window at the blackness outside and wanted to punch himself. 'Why did I give George the keys to open his wife's legs? It was stupid, stupid, stupid.' He thought about Shannon lying naked on her back. The large man grinning down at her naked body as he plowed into her. She'd mentioned he was hung, was she loving it? Was she dutifully allowing the man to do what he wants? Was she upset with where she found herself? 'I am so sorry Shannon. I am really, really sorry. This is my fault.' He hadn't cried since his dad died back in college, but felt on the verge now. He shook his head and walked back to the bed and looked at his favorite picture of her next to the bed. '4:23. No point.' He realized he wasn't going to get any sleep so he pulled on his running clothes and headed out.

*************************************************

George woke up and stretched feeling more relaxed and relieved than her had on months. He looked over and saw his prize was already up and smelled bacon and coffee. He looked over at the clock. 'Crap, 9:20?' He rolled out of bed and pulled on a robe and went downstairs. 

Shannon smiled and hugged him, "I thought I'd have to pour water on you. You sure are a sound sleeper."

"I don't usually sleep through that much, but I guess getting sucked off at 4:30 left me a bit drained. I never even felt you get up. You just don't weigh enough to rock the bed."

Shannon looked thoughtful, "The milkman had to weight 200 and the paperboy...he probably was just 150, but we tried to be considerate. Anyhow, coffee?"

As Shannon served eggs, bacon and toast George looked at the beautiful girl wearing simply the small white apron and bra, "I have to ask, how did you cook bacon without getting painfully splattered?"

"I know, right? I used the microwave. Much better in a frying pan, but that might be dangerous without clothes on. So, what degrading plans do you have for me today?" Shannon asked taking a bite of toast.

"You want just the degrading plans? Or everything I have planned?" The man replied as he picked up a piece of bacon, "I'll have to get on Facebook to see what I posted. You know, at my age it's best to record good ideas."

"So, basically all your followers know what you have in store before I do." She looked at the man, "Ok. That's cool." She got up to get the pot of coffee and poured more for George and herself. "I'm shocked you didn't have me wear this on the course. Frankly, I felt just as naked losing my bra and panties."

George gathered the dishes and took them into the kitchen, "Hang on. I have to make a quick phone call, then I'll come back and do the dishes."

After putting away the dirty dishes and cleaning up, they headed upstairs. Shannon immediately went over and made the bed hearing George laugh.

"What? What's funny?" She asked fluffing a pillow.

"You. You put on a skimpy maid's outfit and, well, you pretty much act the part." Seeing her scowl at him he stepped back, "Just saying. I'm going to head out and get you a painter's outfit," he looked around, "this place could use some brightening up." He ducked as the pillow came flying at his head. "Ok, ok, I'm definitely leaving the MMA outfit in the drawer." He pulled off his robe and hung it up, "I'm going to take another shower, join me?"

Shannon opened the shower door and took the washcloth from the larger man, "Allow me." 

Shannon admired the man's body. She hoped Dan looked this good in 30 years. She had to get on her knees to do his legs and giggled whenever his thick cock slapped against her head. She looked up at him, "Watch that thing. You want me to get a concussion?" She soaped up her hands and grabbed the dangling member, "I know. I can get it to point at the ceiling and get out of my way." She stroked the shaft, feeling it pulse larger and stiffer. Soon it was pointing up at a 45. Shannon looked up at the man with disappointment.

"Sorry, I guess there's too much mass to get any higher than that." He reached down and lifted the girl up. "I know one way to get it to point up." 

Shannon squealed as the large man grabbed her ass cheeks and lowered her onto his cock. She had to reach down and guide him in, but she was so wet, he buried himself instantly inside her as she wrapped her arms around his neck. "Men. Just as nature abhors a vacuum, men abhor an empty hole. Always feeling the need to fill it up." She loved the slick feel of their bodies sliding against each other, "Nice job by the way filling up the hole." She felt her vagina being impaled even deeper than last night, it seemed. Her pelvis eagerly responded to each spearing as he lowered raised and lowered her effortlessly.

George loved feeling those ass cheeks flex in his hands as he bounced the girl on his cock. He felt her pubis grind against his shaft as she slid up and down. He slipped a finger against her asshole and pushed it in hearing her moans encouraging him. He was so aware how tight she felt, how tight her ass was against his finger, how hard her nipples felt sliding up and down on his chest and wondered how long he could hold out.

Shannon felt that finger invade her ass and realized George might be getting her ready. He did seem interested in anal, so she tried to relax and let it happen, "That feels good George, but remember, you won me. You can do what you want." She heard him groan and pull her off his cock.

The man's arms were getting tired anyhow and the implication he could fuck that beautiful ass was all he needed to hear. He stepped out and grabbed the tube of KY and feeling his cock ache in anticipation, turned her around.

Shannon put her hands on the glass wall and stuck her ass out, she felt the cold gel against her, then inside her. George's fingers were plenty fat enough to get her ready so when she felt the head press and slip in, she immediately relaxed her sphincter and felt the initial sting fade as George opened her up.

"Are you ok?" George asked, feeling the tightest hole he'd ever felt, "I'm afraid I've never done this before, so you'll have to tell me if you can't take it."

Shannon nodded and gently pushed back at him, taking a bit more. She'd never felt that much in her ass before and was thinking perhaps calling it off, but hearing George say he'd never done it made her determined to give him this pleasure. "I'm good. Fuck! George. That's a fat piece of meat you have there. I'm getting used to it." She felt it pull out and push back in more. "Please play with my pussy, that always distracts me until I get used to a cock in my ass."

George reached around and gripped her breast with one hand and probed her wet slit with the other. He was shocked that within a couple of minutes his hips were pressed fully against the creamy ass of the younger girl. "God damn, you're tight. Are you ok?"

"I'm good, fuck my ass and keep doing what you're doing with my pussy." She panted as she pushed back at his now pistoning cock. "Yes, yes, God, that feels good. Your fucking cock is almost too fucking big."

George felt the girl shudder and squeeze her legs against his finger buried in her pussy, the base grinding hard against her clit. He grinned feeling the girl's explosive climax clenching against him. His cock was being milked as Shannon jerked her ass as she gasped in pleasure. He couldn't believe how strong the girl was as she torqued against his cock, also how fucking tight his cock was being gripped. The pleasure was unbelievable, so much pressure on the head every time he pulled almost all the way out. Her ass ground urgently against him as she came.

Shannon was feeling like she was going the stumble to the floor, feeling intense waves shoot through her, George's meaty fingers in her pussy, his cock comfortably buried in her rectum. Finally, when the bolts of light faded from her vision and the waves of pleasure faded away, she returned to being aware of his needs. She wanted him to have the best orgasm ever and returned to grinding back against him. She knew he had to be close, but she also knew he'd be savoring the experience and welcomed him as deeply as she could. 'Christ, I can almost feel him in my stomach,' she thought. 'God, how great it would be for Dan to be in my pussy while George fucks my ass.' Imaging that, she immediately came a second time. Grunting and crying out, she pressed hard as she could back against him and felt and heard the man explode into her.
