 Tonya brushed her short black hair into place. She let her hands run down her yellow dress. She wanted to look perfect. Look perfect for him. Her mother left an hour earlier. Kevin would be here any minute. She took a deep breath and stared into her own brown eyes. She exhaled and hung her head grasping the edge of the sink. Kevin. How had she ended up acting like a school girl for Kevin? She knew better. She had just turned 30 a few months ago, she was a grown woman. She thought back to how it all started...

Tonya took another sip of wine and rubbed a hand over her newly cut hair. She had chopped it off after breaking up with Paul. It was a symbol of her being her own natural self, forget relaxers. It was finally her summer break. Being a middle school teacher was hard work and now that the school year was over and report cards done, she felt like celebrating. It was two weeks since Paul and her had gone their separate ways. She had been the one to break it off and she knew it was the right thing, but the damn loneliness. She picked up her phone and flicked through her contacts. Who could she reach out to? Spend some time with who understood her, at least tried to. Paul, no; Erica, no; Helene, hell no; Kevin. She paused and read his name again. Kevin? She sat back on the couch and bit her full bottom lip. Kevin was her older sister's friend really, not hers. He was like a close family friend. He always teased her and called her little girl. He pretended to be super protective of her being that he was 11 years her senior. He was fun to be around and she had a good time around him. She had hung out with him occasionally without her sister, Noelle.

There had been one kind of weird time when he had taken her face in his hands and kissed her on the lips. She had made a face at him like he was crazy. He had done it a couple more times that night. The next time Tonya saw Kevin he acted like he didn't remember the kiss.

Tonya knew he did. She tried to wrap her head around him finding her attractive. She was cute she knew, but Kevin was 40. He was suave, knew all the right people and knew girls who were a little more conventionally beautiful. She was attracted to him of course. He was actor handsome with smooth brown skin and a bald head. Tonya had almost always dated white guys. Not for any real reason. She would've been perfectly happy to meet an intelligent, educated black man. It just hadn't happened.

Tonya clicked his name and typed quickly.

So bored. Send.

Beside that whole weird kiss thing...and the comment about her hips. It was at her birthday dinner. Noelle had organized it and invited Paul, her mom, and Kevin. He was considered a family friend. They sat talking when her sister retold the story about Kevin seeing them walking down the street near Noelle's house.

"I said I saw those hips," he grinned wolfishly at Tonya.

"Hips? Who's hips?" Tonya asked.

"Yours, Tonya," Noelle laughed.

"Do I have big hips?" Tonya whispered to Paul.

"Your hips are sexy," he kissed her ear.

She waited. Kevin was a nice guy and funny. She spaced out for a moment and pictured him naked. Stop it, she said to herself; you're in withdrawal, two weeks, no sex.

Ba-da-bum, text message.

I'm sorry. -- Kevin

I hesitated.

Hang out? Send.

Tonya took another sip of wine.

Come get you? --Kevin.

She'd been drinking; actually, she was kind of drunk. It was 10 pm on a Friday and she bet he had too. Why take the chance.

Cab. Send.

As Tonya walked up his drive she licked her lips. This was Kevin. She reminded herself, just Kevin, Noelle's friend Kevin.

"Hey baby," he greeted her at the door with a hug, "you cut your hair." He stood back and looked her over, "I like it."

"Sometimes I feel like an ugly boy," Tonya smirked.

"You? Never," he smiled and kissed her on both checks.

Kevin was like that, very friendly, touchy. It had taken Tonya time to adjust to this. She was the opposite.

"Why are you so bored huh?"

"Paul and I broke up," Tonya sat on the couch. He had already poured her a glass of wine. She took a sip.

"Eh, he was okay, but you can do better."

"Oh, here we go," Tonya rolled her eyes, "because he was white?"

"No, it has nothing to do with that. Hell, I date white girls. He was just," Kevin gestured with his head.

I took a look at him as he watched ESPN. He looked good, really good, as usual. He was fit and handsome. She watched the tightly coiled muscles in his arms. She shook herself. Stop it, this is Kevin.

"You okay?"

"Yea sure," she smiled and took another sip of wine.

"So you're out of school now? What are you going to do?"

Tonya shrugged, "Well, I'm going to La Canada to stay with my mom, and read I guess."

Kevin smirked, "You read that 50 Shades of Grey shit?"

"I just started it."

"No, are you old enough to read that?"

"Kevin, I turned 30, you were there, I'm a grown up now."

"Alright, you're right," his eyes lingered on her, "I didn't know you liked all that bondage stuff."

"I like sex."

Kevin covered his ears.

"Oh stop, don't act like I'm a little girl. Some men actually find me attractive," Tonya joked.

Kevin's face turned serious for a moment, "I know that Tonya."

He caught Tonya's eye. The moment felt heated. She smiled to lighten the mood.

The night went on. The two sat, Kevin watching TV, both drinking wine, talking about life. Tonya looked at her watch. It was past midnight.

"Thanks for having me over Kevin," Tonya felt really sleepy. Kevin turned off the TV.

"Come on little girl, you can sleep here."

He tugged her up and she walked to the bed. She sat on the edge as Kevin tugged his shirt over his head. She took in the view as he pulled off his jeans. Tonya giggled.

"What?" Kevin laughed. She shrugged and rested back on the bed and closed her eyes. She felt eyes on her. She opened her own eyes to see Kevin looking at her.

"What?" she asked softly.

He moved toward her. She thought he would touch her, but instead he lay beside her. Tonya forgot the feeling of potential when you were with someone you hadn't had sex with before. The spark of energy you feel. She felt herself getting wet.

She shifted her weight to face him. He was already facing her. He caught her chin and kissed her lips. It felt to Tonya like he was caressing her lips. His hands were strong. He felt different when he touched her. She realized why. Kevin was a man. His hands were not unsure, too slow,too fast,or shaking a little. His hands moved on her body like he knew how to touch a woman. He kissed her neck and she swooned. His hands wandered down her body.

"My big hips," Tonya laughed.

"Huh?" he looked at her.

"You said that one time, that I have big hips," she felt stupid bringing it up.

"I didn't say that," she couldn't believe he'd lie about it, "I said those hips," he grabbed her hips, "These hips catch a man's eye."

He kissed her again.

She felt his hand grab her ass. God, the way he touched her. His hands pulled down her jeans. His fingers found her expertly. She moaned. He pulled back and moved down her body, stripping her of her underwear. His mouth was on her, tasting her, exploring her. All she could think was, holy shit Kevin's mouth is on my pussy.

Just when she thought she was going to burst, he sat up and pulled her legs around him.

"Wait," Tonya put a hand to his chest, "a condom."

He leaned over her to his nightstand. She rubbed her hands up his arms. She must have been lost in the feel because suddenly she felt his cock pushing at her entrance. He felt thick and big. She tightened her pussy. He groaned and pushed all the way inside her. Tonya moaned. His hands found hers and he held her down. He fucked her hard and fast.

"Does that feel good?" his deep voice whispered in her ear. She tried to nod. He fucked her harder.

"Is this how you like it little girl?"

She shivered and moaned when he called her that. Kevin fucked her hard. He whispered to her the entire time. Tonya loved hearing his smooth voice and feeling him inside her. She could feel his breathing getting faster. He groaned.

"I'm going to cum," he pulled out and came.

Tonya bit back a frustrated sigh. She wanted to feel him explode inside of her.

That had been three weeks ago. Now here she was in La Canada trying to look perfect for him... She and Kevin had exchanged texts, some flirty some not. She had on a whim invited him to the house while her Mom and Noelle went to NYC. She had a feeling she was getting in too deep. For a guy like Kevin casual sex was commonplace, for her it could lead to feelings. She didn't care, she wanted him, and he had set something off inside her.

"What am I getting myself into?" she whispered to her mirror image.