 "Steve! Jayne! What are you doing?" screamed Lynne's voice from the doorway.

I looked up in terror to see both Lynne and Samantha at the door. But before I could say anything, Lynne disappeared into our bedroom, and Sam turned around and went back outside.

"Oh, Steve, I'm so sorry!" said Jayne. " I have to go." And she quickly got up and left.

I didn't know what to do, only that I had to get out of there. I grabbed my keys, jumped into the car, and drove away.

I drove around for a while, and then I stopped and went for a long walk, trying to clear my head. Then I just sat in the car. Finally, about nine pm, I knew that it was time to go back and face the music, so I drove back to the cottage.

Everything was quiet as I went inside. I had assumed that Lynne would be in bed, but no, she was sitting on the couch in her nightdress. "Hello, darling," she said as soon as she saw me. She came over and kissed me. "I'm so glad that you're home," she said calmly. "Why don't you take a shower and then come to bed?"

I was too surprised to say anything, so I grabbed my pyjamas and went into the bathroom. What was Lynne planning, I wondered? Had she replaced the shower water with acid? Was she going to attack me with a knife while I was in the shower? The music from 'Psycho' started playing in my head!

But I survived the shower without incident. I cleaned my teeth, put on my pyjamas, and walked tentatively into out bedroom. When Lynne saw me she turned down the bedclothes on my side of the bed and said, "Come to bed, darling."

I got into bed, and Lynne snuggled up next to me. Then she unbuttoned my top and ran her hand through my chest hairs. Without saying anything, she started kissing my chest and nibbling my nipples. Even though I was surprised by all of this, my cock started to respond to her attention. Then she kissed my chest again, and moved her mouth slowly down until she reached my cock. She kissed the end, and then suddenly took my cock into her mouth.

I was stunned! Lynne had never taken my cock in her mouth before. But right at that point I switched off my brain and let my cock take charge of my body.

Lynne worked my cock until it was nice and hard, and then she moved on top of me. With a quick downward thrust of her hips I disappeared into her pussy. "Oh darling," she moaned. "I've been thinking of your big cock all afternoon and how much I wanted it inside me." We fucked for hours, until we finally fell asleep exhausted.

When I awoke the next morning, I was startled to find Lynne's mouth once again around my cock. I lay back and enjoyed the sensation, until finally I gasped, "Lynne, I'm cumming!" Lynne just kept up her actions until I came in her mouth. Much to my surprise she swallowed all of my cum.

Lynne came and nestled up next to me. "Oh sweetheart," she said, "seeing you with Jayne yesterday made me realise that I have been neglecting you lately. I'm so sorry, and I wanted to make it up to you. Will you forgive me?"

With remarkable self control I managed to say, "Why of course, sweetheart."

After a couple of minutes, Lynne said, "I never knew that sucking cock could be so much fun. Can we do it again soon?"

"Very soon," I said, grabbing her. "But this time you have to swallow it completely." Lynne squealed, but then I shoved my cock into her mouth and rammed it right down her throat. I was determined to make her pay for all of those years without oral sex. But she had never been throat fucked before, and she coughed and spluttered and couldn't breathe. So reluctantly I had to pull back and just let her use her lips.

As we lay together afterwards, I still wasn't quite sure of what was going on, so I just held her and said nothing. But then Lynne said, "I guess I should be thankful to Jayne for showing me what I was missing out on. I should do something nice for her."

"Maybe you could buy her some flowers," I suggested.

"No, flowers isn't what I had in mind," she said. Then after a pause, she said, "Do you think that Jayne's pretty?"

An alarm bell went off in my mind. Was this a trap? I answered carefully, "Well, yes, I think that most men would say that she was attractive."

"I was thinking that it's probably been quite a while since she has had sex, what with her being widowed and all," said Lynne. Then there was a very long pause. "What would you say to the idea of us having a threesome with her?" she asked casually.

My brain exploded! A threesome? My sweet little wife, who had never even had oral sex until that day, was suggesting a threesome with our very hot neighbour!

It was a couple of minutes until I had recovered enough to reply. "A threesome?" I said. "Are you sure?"

"Oh yes," she said. "I found out what it's like to suck cock, and now I'd like to find out what it's like to lick pussy."

All of this was just too much for my poor brain to handle. My cock took control again. I grabbed Lynne and fucked her pussy without mercy, all of the time thinking about her and Jayne together.