 "Ohh, Joe, doesn't the tree look absolutely stunning?" Kara whispered, snuggling closer to her boyfriend of three years. The couple gazed up at the newly decorated Christmas tree that sat in the corner of her living room. The round red and shiny ornament balls rested peacefully on the branches of the tall green tree. The day had been spent rustling through boxes from the basement and laughing at old Popsicle stick decorations that she had made in pre-school. "Mom prepared me well when I moved out of the house," she had giggled.

Joe turned his head to look at Kara, her chestnut-colored hair surrounding her full, beautiful face. Her two big blue eyes were shining on her soft tan face. He often wondered how such an amazing, voluptuous woman had fallen into his arms. He did not question it too long, fearing that she was only a figment of his imagination. Wrapping his arms tighter around her body, he leaned down to her ear. "Baby, you look stunning."

Kara giggled. She thought it was the most adorable thing when Joe spoke to her. He was so lean and athletic-looking; he looked so tough. The soft, sweet words that came out of his mouth hardly matched his physical image. His hand enveloped hers and squeezed it tightly. "I'm glad I'm spending Christmas with you again this year."

Smiling, Kara removed her zip-up sweater. "So am I. Can you fix the fire, though? It's becoming like a sauna in here, and you remember what happened last time the fire got too hot."

Joe remembered. The fire alarm went off, and due to her paranoid mother, the alarms alerted the fire department. Although she was twenty-two, her mother still considered her to be her 'baby.' The volunteers firefighters arrived at the house in a jiffy, kind of aggravated to find out it was just a mistake. He was quick to respond to what she asked for. Kara had been in a frustrated mood all day due to holiday stresses. She had complained about Christmas shopping all through lunch and Joe had suggested they decorate the tree to easy her worries.

Joe pushed his hands on the plush carpet and lifted himself from the floor. He turned the wood around in the fireplace, removing a piece and placing it to the side. The flames became a bit smaller and the room seemed to cool off a little already. He quickly returned to Kara's side, taking in what he saw in front of him. Kara laid on her side, her lower body covered in stretch-fitting jeans, her top with a white t-shirt. Since she had not left the house all day, she felt no need to put on a bra. Joe could see the outline of her dime-sized nipples through her shirt.

On the floor again, Joe ran his hand onto Kara's side, making her shiver by his touch. She smiled at him, saying, "You know that tickles me, Joey."

"It also makes you wet," he replied, bluntly. He reached down to unbutton her jeans.

Kara's hands were instantly on top of his, stopping him from removing her pants. "Take it slow, sweetie. What's the rush?" With that, she positioned herself on her back and gently pulled him down on top of her. She strained her neck to reach her lips to his and kiss him.

Joe's strength was weakened at the moment their lips touched, igniting a different energy within him. He kissed her back, easing his tongue between her sweet lips and meshing it with hers. His hands wandered to her neck and side of her face. Joe gently massaged her jawbone, moving his thumb up and down her face.

The urges within took over Kara's body when she reached down to the bottom of her shirt and removed it in on swift movement. Her full breasts were exposed to Joe, the lights from the Christmas tree shining different lights onto them. Her nipples were soft and not yet standing.

Not able to contain himself, Joe reached up to her breasts and took them in his hands. He rubbed each tip, making them hard between his thumb and pointer fingers. He leaned down and took the left nipple in his mouth, swirling his tongue around it, sucking it rhythmically to the tune of Jingle Bells that was playing from the Santa ornament on the tree.

Kara arched her back, pushing her chest to her lover. She took this opportunity to undo her own pants and slide them off, leaving her clad in her g-string underwear. Joe noticed this, a smirk on his face. He knew just what to do.

Still massaging Kara's nipples, Joe leaned his head down to her ear. "What's wrong, baby?" he asked.

Kara did not respond with words, but she did let a soft moan escape from her lips. She wiggled her body, silently begging Joe to do what he wished with it.

"Am I making you hot, Kara?"

Kara sighed and nodded. Joe knew it - her weakness. When it came to sex, Kara's most vulnerable spot was 'dirty talk.' She had never experienced it before Joe and it made everything a million times better.

Joe pressed his lips to her neck, licking and sucking where it made her tingle. "Do you like it when I touch your tits?" He held her breasts in his hands, rubbing them a little rougher this time.

"Yeahhh," Kara moaned in return. She grabbed his hand and pushed it down between her legs. Joe moved it back up to her stomach, laying it there to rest. Anxious, Kara repeated her actions.

"No, no," Joe teased, wiggling his finger in her face. "You have to tell me what you want." He rubbed his hand across her stomach, dipping low to the top of her panties, but never within them.

"Touch me," she whispered.

"Touch you where?" His hands removed the last article of clothing on her body, waiting for her to say the magic words.

"There." She put his hands on top of the freshly shaved area between her legs. They were now spread open wide, exposing herself completely.

Joe continued to just stare at her impatiently, only letting his hand rest on her stomach. "Tell me what it's called, baby. Then I'll make you cum like you never have before."

"Touch me on my..." Kara drifted off, staring up at the ceiling, moving her hips around in anticipation. "My pussy," she finally mouthed.

"Yeaaah, that's my baby." Instantly, Joe let his hand dip down between her legs and into her moist opening. His finger ran up and down between her lips, finding her clit between the fleshy outside. He tapped it lightly, watching Kara jump in excitement. "Yeahh, you like that don't you?"

Moaning, Kara pulled off Joe's shirt and urged him to remove his pants. Naked, she pushed him down so his face was level with her wetness. He looked at it intently, rubbing the opening with his finger.

Kara thrust her hips, hoping to make his finger enter her. After watching her attempts, Joe finally allowed his finger to emerge into her. Kara let out a scream, enjoying the feelings that were taking over her body. Rapidly, Joe pushed his pointer finger in and out of her wet opening.

"Your pussy is so wet, baby." He leaned his face towards her and licked her vagina from bottom to top, stopping at her hard clit. He removed his hands from her and began to slowly masturbate himself as he kissed her wetness.

Kara spread her legs even further as Joe began to lick circles on her clit. She moaned and squirmed as he sucked and played with her button, teasing her to the point of orgasm and then moving away. He lifted himself from her, mouth dripping and kissed her lips. "Are you ready?" he asked, positioning his firm cock between her legs.

Kara gazed down at the hardness that was about to enter her. The thick smooth organ rested on her thigh, anticipating its entrance. Nodding, Kara lifted her hips for perfect alignment.

Joe guided himself to enter her, slowly sliding himself into her deep wet vagina. Kara's breath became choppy as his cock reached further within her. He began to withdraw for the first time, Kara's hands flying to his buttocks, ramming his cock deep within her again.

The hormones had taken over her, taking away the shy side that had been shown before. "Fuck doing this slow, Joey. Do me hard. Do it fast," she moaned to him, rubbing his muscular arms up and down.

Pumping his pulsating cock in and out of her, Joe began to focus his mind, fully appreciating everything he was feeling. The wetness was smoldering, touching all the sensitive spots of his hardness. Kara began to moan at every time he would thrust inward, Joe's cock hitting her in just the right spot.

Joe reached down and lifted Kara's legs to his hips. She wrapped herself around him and let him make love to her. She felt each time his cock pushed in past the lips of her vagina. She felt it when his cock filled the inside of her.

His pelvis hit her body with perfect positioning, rubbing her clit each time he pumped his hard cock into her. Kara began to scream, feeling the orgasm coming on to her. "Yeahhh, fuck me! I'm so close, baby," she screamed to her lover.

Joe moved his hips faster, striving to satisfy her. The itch of desire within her began stronger and stronger, her insides heating up. She felt the orgasm within her and she felt it become higher as it tried to peak. She reached up and pulled her body tightly to Joe's.

"I'm cummmmmmming..." she gasped, feeling the final thrust hit her clit and set her off. Her vagina erupted into a series of clenches, and the energy escaped her as she fell back to the carpet, breathing heavily. Joe continued to thrust his cock into her. After a few moments, she began to encourage him. "Cum on me, baby," she teased him, urging him to have his own orgasm.

Joe thrust his hips back and forth, feeling the after-effects that Kara's orgasm did to her insides. The muscles had tightened, making each entrance even better. He felt his orgasm approaching and removed his cock, jerking it quickly with his hand. A few seconds later, he came on to her stomach.

Kara smiled and kissed him. "Mmm, I love when you do that." After a quick clean-up, he laid himself next to her, covering her body with his. "You are an amazing lover," she told him.

Trying not to boast, he shook his head. "Not as much as you. To be honest, I think I did a better job decorating the tree than pleasing you. I don't think you liked it."

Slapping him on his shoulder, Kara snuggled closer. "Don't be silly, Joe. It takes two to make love." She wiggled closer. "You know I love each and every time."

Joe grinned. "And to think, we have the fire to thank for this!" He kissed her nose and closed his eyes. He knew it was time for a day of hard work to come to an end with a restful sleep.

"Yeah," she agreed. She leaned her head back onto him, letting her eyes become sleepy like his. "Just don't tell my mother how the fire managed to heat up more things than just one." With her final joke, she let her eyes close completely, letting her mind wander off to dreamland.