 The Christmas holidays have arrived in Pismo Beach, California. The town is turning into a festival of lights and music. Being retired I have the luxury of putting up my own Christmas decorations on my own time and at my own pace. I'm a traditionalist, so I've spent the past several days stringing multi-colored lights around the eves of my house, on the front porch and around the arches of several windows. I even have lights running along the entry way sidewalk and in the trees. I don't go for those huge blowup snowman or life size Santa's, just a river of lights around the entire house. 

Many of my neighbors celebrate the holidays with decorations, so our street is all aglow from end to end. I installed lights on my next-door neighbor's home as well. For this act of kindness, I was treated to dinner and a blowjob. My next-door neighbor, Denise is a lovely lady of forty-eight years who works at the local Sprouts Farmers Market. On several occasions, she will ask for one of my patented foot massages after standing all day. With the extended hours of holiday shopping, Denise has been getting regular foot massages that usually include more than just her feet. She is blessed with a stunning 44GG set of boobs and since I am a confirmed big boob man, I always take time to massage her huge tits. 

Denise relocated from Southern California a year and a half ago. She has light brown hair with blonde highlights, a slim face and cute dimpled chin. Her full lips are usually highlighted with a bright red shade of lipstick. I recall our first sexual encounter just weeks after she arrived. 

We spent the day at Avila Beach naked and free. After spying on a couple making love in the ocean, Denise begged me to take her home, so we could make love in private. Our first time was in her backyard swimming pool. I remember standing in the shallow end with my head between her sweet thighs as she sat on the edge. I took my time staring at her lovely womanhood. Her cunt has full, puffy outer lips, soft pink labia and a landing strip of pubic hair covering her mons. Denise let me know that she likes to keep herself groomed and prefers a little bit of hair to a full Brazilian. 

I used my tongue to lick her pink slit from bottom to top. Then I moved to her full, smooth outer lips and soft thighs. Her inner labia spread open as my tongue moved up and down. With each pass, I drilled deeper between her slick folds. At that point Denise moved her hand to the back of my head and urged me to continue. I remember tasting her sweet pussy juice as I searched for her clit. Denise shivered as I explored the center of her womanhood. I concentrated on her clit and fingered her G-spot to send her into orgasmic bliss. Denise's breathing intensified; her breaths turned into moans. I felt her pussy throb and clench my fingers right before she erupted into a body shaking orgasm. 

After Denise settled down, she returned the favor and introduced me to her fabulous blowjob technique. There is never any hesitation when she opens her mouth and wraps her lips around my cock. Denise usually wraps one hand around my shaft while she plays with my balls with her other hand, rolling them around like marbles. She jacks me off as she sucks my cock and alternates between sucking on my spongy tip and licking up and down my seven-inch shaft. Every time Denise pumps my cock like that, I unleash ropes of semen that lands on her breasts and crimson nipples, or she takes me into her mouth swallowing all my jizz down her throat. 

We've been together many times over the past eighteen months, spending delightful evenings at her house or mine. It's so convenient when you live right next door. We've enjoyed rendezvous while camping in my travel trailer and I've even managed to get her to have sex on the beach in public. That was a real stretch for Denise. 

With the mad rush towards Christmas and everyone preoccupied with buying gifts, baking goodies and decorating, I have enjoyed some quiet, leisure time at home. The last several evenings have been filled with reading, a bit of television and surfing the internet. I admit I've spent a fair amount of time watching porn or reading the latest postings on Literotica. My trusty Fleshlight has been a constant companion on these evenings. 

I was preparing to pull it out and lube up this evening when my cell phone chirps. A new message is waiting for me. I check the heading, it says Time for Christmas Magic. I have an inkling who this is from as I enter my passcode and pull up the message. Sure enough, it is from my friend Nanette. She and I have become sexting buddies since we first met this past summer. I read the full message and smile. ...Hey lover, I'm really horny and want to meet you at DAW tonight. What do you say? 

DAW is Diamond Adult World, our local sex shop in Grover Beach. It's where Nanette and I originally met. I was there with another friend, helping her pick out a new corset and vibrator. I was going to introduce my friend the store's video booths with the glory hole. However, when I stuck my cock through the hole, it wasn't my friend on the other side, it was Nanette. Unbeknownst to me, Nanette had entered the other booth first. While I stood there thinking my erect shaft was being attended to by my friend, it was Nanette's mouth devouring my cock. It was one of the best blowjobs I've ever experienced. The way she twisted my shaft as she sucked my entire length, I just knew she had to give the best hand jobs as well. 

After I shot the biggest load of my life and Nanette swallowed it all, she whispered through the glory hole that she didn't know who I was, but that I have a gorgeous, thick cock. She said that I was so much bigger than her husband and that she loved playing with me. She complimented the load of cum I gave her, stating it was very tasty; sweet and salty at the same time. Nanette whispered she would never forget this moment for as long as she lives. Her pussy was drenched. She wished I could fuck her, but she had to leave because her husband was waiting in the car. 

My mind was blown by this entire scenario. I chalked it up as a one and done opportunity, never thinking we would meet again. However, it turns out that Nanette is very persistent. She recruited the Assistant Manager to help locate me. Now, the Assistant Manager of Diamond Adult World is a very good friend of mine. It didn't take her long to put two and two together. With her help and a series of texting, Nanette and I were reunited. At first, we started texting one another, talking about our lives and what turns us on. The texting quickly morphed into sexting with us sharing our fantasies, desires and pictures. 

My first glimpse of Nanette was a picture of her tits with one of her texts. They are just as she described in an earlier message, somewhere between a B and C-cup, round but slightly less full at the top. Her areole are two inches wide and very pink. She commented that her nipples are always erect and in need of gentle sucking. I asked if she would send me a picture of her pussy and she complied. Her vaginal lips are silky smooth, and she has a small triangle of golden-brown pubic hair on her Mound of Venus. 

Since that first round of sexting we have engaged in a steady stream of messages back and forth. One of us will relate a certain fantasy and the other will add comment or seek more detail regarding the scenario. Nanette will get so worked-up and then tell me about how she masturbated while reading one of my texts. I let her know when one of her fantasies set me on edge and I resort to my Fleshlight to relieve the tension. 

We managed to hook-up for an entire weekend at the end of summer. Her husband went on a fishing trip with a buddy, and I persuaded Nanette to join me while I was camping at the North Campground at Pismo State Beach. It didn't take much persuading. When she realized she would have an entire weekend of alone time, we planned our initial meeting with a series of texts. She didn't want alone time, she wanted my cock in her mouth again. 

We finally met face to face and realized that we had seen each other at the adult sex shop. We were both surprised but delighted at the revelation. She looked delicious wearing a burgundy crop top and tan capris. Her bare midriff was tan and svelte. Nanette is about five-feet six inches tall with a slender frame accentuated with wide hips and a full ass. 

It didn't take long for us to get naked and we enjoyed several sexual encounters that weekend. Our tryst included a double-penetration session using her strap-on. We made great use of the camp table outside under the stars. Our first encounter pretty much wiped us out and we fell asleep in each other's arms. The next day we made love in the sand dunes, not to mention several sessions in my trailer. 

I don't waste any time responding to Nanette's latest text. 

(ME): Nan, I would love to. I've been thinking about you and your sexy mature body. Is hubby OK with you leaving? 

(Nanette:) As usual, he is snoring in front of the TV. I haven't had a satisfactory orgasm in several weeks. I want your cock. 

(Me): Well, OK! How will I know how to spot you? 

(Nanette): You are too funny. I'll be the one with the hard-pink nipples. 

(Me): I'll be the one with the hard cock. 

(Nanette): I'm counting on it. I'll be there at 7:30. 

At 7:15, I pull into a crowded parking lot at Diamond Adult World. I walk through the front door and see a fair amount of people strolling through the aisles. Wow, the holiday season sure brings out the crowds. I wonder what will be under their Christmas trees on the 25th. I don't spot the Assistant Manager anywhere, but I do spot Nanette at the back of the shop looking at the wall of dildos. I quietly make my way to the back. 

"That's a nice selection of magical toys. Do you see anything that interests you? Perhaps a ten-inch vibrator?" 

Nanette turns on her heels with a look of surprise and happiness. She rushes to me and we embrace. Our lips meet with a passion only lovers know. Our bodies press together from top to bottom. I feel her firm breasts against my chest. I sense that other people in the vicinity are watching us. Let them look and wonder. 

"Rob, at last. It's been too long. How wonderful we're together again." 

I tease, "So, you'll be here at 7:30? A bit early, are you? I suppose you needed extra time to see if there were better options?" 

"There are no better options than this bulge I feel grinding into my pussy. Besides, I needed to escape from the house before my husband woke up and demanded a hand job. Boring. You know, I could say the same thing about you. Fifteen minutes early, huh." 

"Well, I was hoping to find naked busty women to make out with. So, anything interesting on the wall?" 

"No, not at all. No new dildos or vibrators that I don't already own. Can you believe all of the people in the store tonight?" 

"Tis the holiday season. Nothing says Merry Christmas better than a twelve-inch vibrating cock. Or maybe a red and green butt plug with silver bells, or silver balls." 

"Oh Rob. Come on and help me pick out some new lingerie. I'm feeling rather festive tonight." 

"And I thought you were only horny." 

We walk hand in hand over to the clothing section. I still sense there are some eyeballs checking us out. As I look around the shop, I see several new faces assisting customers. I surmise they are seasonal temps hired for the holiday rush. I make eye contact with a few women and wink. They quickly avert their eyes. 

"Hey Rob, what do you think about this little number?" 

Nanette holds up a sheer green teddy for my inspection. I question whether she might feel a bit of a chill with only lace covering her boobs. She smiles and throws me a pretend kiss. As Nanette sifts through the rack, two other women join her quest. One lady examines a sparkling blue corset with matching crotchless panties. I whistle and extend a happy holiday greeting. She turns a bright shade of red and immediately places the outfit back on the rack. Nanette shoots me an evil grin. 

"Rob, come over her and tell me what you think of this number." 

I scoot next to Nanette as she holds a holiday bra and thong set up to her tits. The red bra has demi-cups lined with white fluff all around the edges, as does the thong gusset. 

I respond in a loud whisper, "Nan, you will look like the perfect Santa's helper wearing that. I love it and can't wait to unwrap you under my tree." 

Again, I feel like there are several people looking in our direction. I look around the store with a knowing smile on my face. Nanette just shakes her head. 

"I think I'll try these on. OK, I'm off to the changing room. Please stay out of trouble, Rob." 

I don't know what kind of trouble she is referring to. After all, I'm just in an adult sex shop at night with several ladies wondering around the premises searching for that perfect Christmas gift. Nanette leaves me to my own devices. I mosey on over to the male masturbator aisle. There are so many options on display, from female butts, to penis enlargers to my favorite, the Fleshlight and its many competitors. Just the Fleshlight alone has so many variations, I don't know where to start. As I check out the samples, a lovely lady walks by. I mention that her significant other would enjoy finding a Fleshlight under the tree. She smiles, winks and proceeds to choose the original black case model. As she moves on, I can't help but whisper, "That's the one I own, good choice." 

Just as I am about to move on to the DVD section, my phone chirps with a text. 

(Nanette): Grab a cock ring and some lube. Meet me in video booth 1. 

What is that minx up to. I don't give it much thought as I search for a cock ring. Again, there are too many choices. I pick a two-inch red silicone ring. Why not stay in the holiday spirit. On the way to the back room, I grab some cherry flavored lube. I knock on the booth door. Nanette opens slightly and peers out the crack. She sees me and pulls me into the booth. I nearly lose my breath as I take in her gorgeous body clad in the bra and thong. 

Nanette's round breasts are pushed up and in by the demi-cups, creating a mouth-watering vision. Her pink pointy nipples are erect and peek out just above the white fur lining. The thong molds to her pussy lips making for an enticing camel toe. My cock throbs as I check her out from head to toe. Nanette sees my bulge. 

"So, you like?" 

I grab her hips and pull her close for a passionate kiss. Our tongues intertwine as I grind my hard shaft into her that secret spot between her thighs. We break for a moment to catch our breaths. 

"Yes, very much. Your boobs are perfect in that top. What a delightful present you are." 

Nanette smiles as she grabs my belt and unbuckles it. I notice the video screen on the wall showing a threesome on a bed. A lucky fellow has on lady riding his cock while a second is sitting on his face. His tongue is in overdrive licking a very juicy cunt. 

"Wow, you don't waste any time Nan. I love your video choice." 

"Yeah. Well all the changing rooms were occupied so I thought this would be a better place for a little lovin'. I put in a bunch of tokens, so we'll have plenty of videos to watch while we fuck. You know me, I love threesomes, whether it's two men or two ladies, I don't care. Now, let's get these pants off, I've waited long enough for your cock." 

Nanette unzips my pants and pushes them to the floor. My seven-inches snap to attention and she wraps her hand around the shaft. I lean in and kiss Nanette while she strokes. 

"Gawd, I love this cock. I've loved it since the day I first I saw it in that glory hole over there." 

I move my hands up to Nanette's boobs and run my fingers along the demi-cups. Her skin is so soft and smooth. I pinch her pink nipples that are protruding a half inch. They are hard. I can't resist bending down and sucking each nub between my lips. All the while Nanette continues to work my hard-on. 

I begin my quest to satisfy Nanette here in the video booth. I nuzzle her firm breasts as they rest on her holiday brassiere. I leave little wet kisses as I move south down her flat tummy licking and nibbling her warm skin. I stop to tickle her belly button with my tongue before moving on to that sweet spot between her thighs. 

I look up momentarily and see Nanette's eyes focused on the video screen. The threesome has changed positions and now one of the ladies is lying back on the bed with her hands clutching her tits. Her lady friend is bent over with her face buried in her wet pussy. Her tongue is drilling deep between the folds of her friend's inner labia. The gentleman is behind that gal with his cock buried deep inside her cunt. He is grinding into the wide ass before him. 

I refocus on Nanette, grab the strings of her red thong and pull it down to her ankles. She kicks it to the side and spreads her legs. Nanette's silky-smooth lips are inches from my face. I take a deep breath and inhale her sweet fragrance. I use my finger to trace around the small triangle of golden-brown hair adorning her mons. The downy soft pubes feel good. I press my face against Nanette's puffy lips. Her inner thighs provide a smooth frame around my head as I lick her slit from bottom to top. She tastes delicious. 

I run my hands along her thighs while I drill my tongue deep within her wet folds and separate her labia. A sweet wetness forms inside. As I continue to eat out my friend, I use my fingers to spread her outer lips and search for her clitoris. I dart my tongue deeper into her hot flesh and lick along her slit. I feel Nanette's pearl emerge and flick it several times. My lips wrap around the hard nub. 

"My clit is throbbing, it feels so good. I'm so close baby, I'm going to cum." 

Nan places her hands on my head and pulls my face into her cunt. I concentrate on her clit, hoping to take her over the edge. Her inner lips are moist and tasty. I slide my tongue along her pink slit and suck on her inner flaps. I move my tongue around the soft skin as I reach around to grab hold of her fleshy ass cheeks. Nanette's wide hips are the perfect handles to hold while she squirms and shakes. 

Her large pearl grows harder and longer as I apply more pressure. I suck on her clitoris and use my tongue to flick it back and forth and up and down. I concentrate my effort on Nanette's clit which brings her to the brink of orgasm. In a matter of moments Nanette cries out, her body spasms and my mouth is filled with sweet juices. Her cum covers my face. My lips remain pressed to her clit while her hips mash into my face. I hold her through the entire wild ride, until her pussy becomes too sensitive and she pushes me away. 

"Gawd, I wasn't expecting that. I love how you make me feel. My pussy is throbbing." 

My hands are firmly around Nanette's hips to prevent her from falling. I lick her sweet essence from my lips and savor her pussy juice. The familiar taste reminds me of the first time she sat on my face in my travel trailer. I stand and hold Nanette close to my body. I feel the beat of her heart against my chest as she regains her composure. We kiss softly, and I let her taste her cum on my face. My cock is rock hard pressed against her body. 

"Mmm, I feel a nice hard cock needing some attention. Let me get that cock ring." 

Nanette unsnaps her red bra and places it on the table. 

"Let's not get this dirty, I want to buy it, I love the way it holds my boobs." 

She grabs the ring from the table and rips open the package. She twirls the silicone device around her finger as she grabs the bottle of lube. 

"I love cherry, Rob. Good choice. Let's get you ready for a holiday blow job." 
