 Ch. 01: Night Picnic

The train journey was long, 500 miles. It had been difficult, with delays and problems, and Jeannie was so tired as she arrived at journey's end. She wearily managed her suitcase off the train, and stood on the platform and looked around. The few people who had shared the small train with her to this remote place in the north of Scotland had been locals, being met by friends, getting into their own cars in the car park. Her hire car was nowhere to be seen, and she was alone on the station in the dead of night. But she was not quite alone. He was there again. He must have been well into his fifties, nicely mature, tall and slim, with smiling blue eyes, greying hair, open shirt revealing a St Christopher pendant nestling in dark chest hair. At her age, a decade younger, he was the type she would certainly go for.

His name was Cliff. He was American, a writer and photographer, now living and working on the island which was just a mile across the water. She had seen him twice along the way, the first time being when he helped her with her suitcase on the mainline station, and they chatted in the queue at the ticket barrier. She had thought that the woman standing near him was his wife, and when Jeannie pointed out that she had gone without him, he explained that he was not married. Jeannie was mortified, but he laughed. She liked his polite, easy manner, gentle American accent, and ready smile. Later, she saw him come through the train towards the buffet car, and they had another pleasant chat. She wanted to know him more, but probably this was just going to be a brief encounter.

So here he was, fortunately for her taking his time to leave the station. She explained the lack of hire car, and he offered to wait with her for a little while. He told her a little about his work, how he had been down south on business, how he had to return to the rat race every now and then to maintain a profile. He asked her what she was doing in those parts, and she explained that she was on a photography trip herself, worked into her annual holiday. Thinking she definitely wanted to meet him again, she told him where she was staying, in the guise of asking him whether it was a nice place. And then the lady arrived with the hire car, and she hadn't finished talking to this guy, hadn't sealed the possibility of future meetings which she knew she wanted. He looked dismayed too, but just said "Probably see you around, it's a small island," and that was that. 

Jeannie felt keenly the lost opportunity, remembering the chemistry between her and Cliff, knowing he was geographically close, but unattainable as she had lost him. Her holiday continued for some days, negotiating mountain roads, discovering castles and standing stones, spotting wildlife and generally taking in the beautiful scenery. On the fourth day, Cliff came to the guest house. Jeannie was surprised and delighted, although her outward demeanour was just calmly friendly. The hostess made them a pot of tea in the lounge, they sat and chatted, and Cliff stated his purpose: to invite Jeannie on a photography trip to a certain part of the coastline, where there was a colony of rare sea eagles, and he would bring a picnic for them to enjoy at the same time. She had to see this, and she had to see Cliff, and he knew it. 

Exercising due caution, Jeannie drove her own car to the village nearest to the bird sanctuary, and sure enough, Cliff was in the car park, waiting outside his American Chevrolet 4x4. This had not been bought from America, but had British plates, and it stood out from the other vehicles. She saw him first, and had chance to have a good look at him before he greeted her.

And she liked what she saw. Cliff was a little older than her, with greying dark hair, but still very handsome and well-kept, wearing chino slacks, a showerproof jacket and walking boots. His long legs were shapely under the chino, and her gaze travelled upward, lingering on the slim hips and broad shoulders. She was beginning to feel aroused already....

They said hi, and just stood there shyly in the car park. Then both spoke at once, he with "so you found it all right...." she with "I'm not late I hope...." , and they both burst out laughing. They donned rucksacks and set off along the soft grass above the shoreline, he putting his hand on hers as he held a gate for her. As she climbed over a stile, he took her arm to steady her, and after she landed, he deliberately stood holding her too long, his gaze lingering on her face, and travelling downwards a little, before coming back to reality and moving on.

Cliff told Jeannie about the sea eagles which nested on the crags above where they were heading, how they were Arctic birds, which summered down here in Scotland. He said how they mated for life, and only produced two or three chicks per year. Jeannie listened, but was distracted by how attractive Cliff was, how much she would like to feel those strong arms encircle her, pick her up, carry her to some quiet corner....

She was brought to the present again as Cliff suggested they sat and rested. They sat down on the grass, she deliberately sitting next to him, near to him, as he poured them a coffee from a flask in his rucksack. He explained that the picnic basket was back in the Chevy, and he would go back for it later, when they were ready to eat. They sat in companionable silence, staring at the tempestuous sea and drinking their coffee. 

At one point Jeannie shivered in the strong breeze, at which Cliff took off his jacket and wrapped it around her shoulders. As he placed his arms around her shoulders, settling the coat, his face was right in front of hers. He was so tempted to kiss her full, pink lips, stroke her smooth cheeks. She in turn looked into his eyes, unable to disguise her desire, but just murmuring "thank you for the coat". 

As they walked on, the storm began to ease, and they chatted as they walked, sometimes about mundane things, sometimes details of themselves. The sun came out again, and it was excellent weather for photographing the birds, both on the ledges and in the air. Presently they came to the hide, from where they could see an outcrop of rock where there were breeding chicks. Inside, as they looked through the narrow slot, Cliff stood close to Jeannie, just behind her, and as he handed her the binoculars, he brushed against her body. She leaned back, almost lying back on his chest, and turned her face to him slightly. He put the binoculars down and, taking her chin so gently in his fingers, he drew her nearer to him, and kissed her on the cheek. They looked long at each other, and she turned fully towards him, matching her body to his as they enjoyed a prolonged and passionate kiss.

Cliff held Jeannie to him, moulding her body to his, feeling her full breasts crushed against him. He felt a stirring in his loins, felt his cock begin to harden, and his hand travelled down her spine and alighted at her waist. He held her away from him a little, and they smiled at each other, before kissing again and again, beginning to be hot and urgent. Cliff's hand went under Jeannie's sweater, and he caressed the bare flesh of her back, travelled over her bra strap. Jeannie curled with pleasure, which brought her loins against his, and she felt his bulge against her belly as he pushed against her. 

Cliff continued to stroke her back, moving downwards now, and dipping his hand down slightly into the back of her slacks. Jeannie moaned softly, and tightened her arms around Cliff's waist, un-tucking his shirt and stroking the base of his spine, pulling him near to her, and sending him crazy.

Cliff now stepped back a little, and starting at Jeannie's waist, he began to slide his hand upwards, and found her breasts. He cupped first one then the other through the lacy fabric of her plunge-neck bra, gently enclosing her soft flesh through the thin material. They continued kissing thus for a few moments, then Cliff stood back and slipped her sweater off her, revealing her pretty bra, which showed off her full cleavage to its best advantage. After a moment of admiration when he traced his fingers down her cleavage, he reached behind her, unfastened the bra and took it off her. His finger and thumb found one of her nipples, and squeezed the tip a little so that it hardened, then did the same to the other breast. Cliff deftly unbuttoned his shirt and slipped it off.

For a long moment they regarded each other's bare flesh, he taking in her full, mature breasts and her soft arms and shoulders. Cliff leaned forward and gently kissed and gripped Jeannie's pink, round nipples, drawing them out to erect points, accentuated by the fresh outdoor air, then circling around the soft pink surround with one finger to excite them still more, which made Jeannie moan with pleasure. As Cliff stood up straight again for a moment, Jeannie's hands alighted on Cliff's chest, stroking gently, feeling the curly hair, feeling his strong muscles, letting her hands stray downwards along the trail of hair which disappeared into his trousers, and teasingly ran her fingers quickly into his waistband, pulling it slightly before stepping back, smiling.

Cliff was getting very excited now, stroking Jeannie's breasts one more time, then his hands travelled gently down her stomach to her waist. He hooked one finger into her waistband at each side, and gently pulled down her slacks, out of which she stepped elegantly. She was wearing lacy French knickers to match the bra, fitting in the waist, loose at the leg, accentuating the roundness of her hips.

Jeannie reached out once more to Cliff, firmly ran the fingers of one hand down his fly, feeling his hard bulge, and began again to toy with the fastening. Cliff helped her by unzipping his fly, revealing the dark curly hair on his belly, disappearing into his sheer cotton briefs. Jeannie took the waistband of his trousers, and Cliff moved obligingly as she carefully manoeuvred the trousers over his obvious erection, pulled them down, and he stepped out of them.

Like this, they closed together again in an embrace, Jeannie just lightly touching her soft breasts to Cliff's strong chest, and moving so that her nipples teased and stroked him, and he crushed her to him and kissed her passionately, holding her lower body to him, his fingers going up the leg of her French knickers to squeeze her buttock gently. Jeannie found all this so arousing, as his hard erection, straining at the briefs, pushed into her belly, and made her lean into him all the more. Cliff slowly took off Jeannie's underwear and his own briefs, and they stood naked, hungrily devouring the sight of each other.

Cliff looked around the hide, and not finding favour with it, took Jeannie's hand and led her outside, where a spectacular sunset now filled the sky. The clouds were coloured purple, etched in gold around the edges. In other places the sky was tinged with every shade of pink and purple. Jeannie and Cliff walked a little way, hand in hand, he enjoying the sight of her breasts swaying as she walked, and her nipples tautening in the coolness of the evening, and she admiring his erect penis, which was at a nearly vertical angle, drawing the skin from around his balls, surrounded by curly dark hair. After a few yards Cliff had found the right place, and in the golden evening light, between the gorse bushes and the reeds, he laid Jeannie down on the soft green grass, and started to make love to her.

He laid her down on her back, and first kissing her on the lips, his mouth moved down her body with wet kisses, travelling over her breasts and nipples, caressing, tickling, exciting, which caused her to cry out with pleasure. He continued to plant small moist kisses on her body, moving down over her belly, until he found her dark curls. He ran his tongue down each side of her groin, on finishing each stroke flicking it against the pink folds of skin half hidden under the curls. Jeannie moaned, and reaching down pulled Cliff's head down into her groin.

He parted the pink folds of skin and plunged his tongue down into her moist depths as far as he could go, tasting and savouring her juices, and running the tip of his tongue around her moist labia, and straight onto her clitoris, which made her gasp with pleasure. He also grasped the pink skin in his mouth, and pulled slightly, then let go, before plunging his tongue into her again, this time finding her G-spot, running his tongue upwards over the raised surface, causing different juices to emerge and making Jeannie gasp with excitement.

Cliff loved to taste a woman in this way, and for some time he ate and drank of her, kissing, caressing, licking and chewing her delicious wet flesh, until she started to become urgent. His balls had been aching, his cock fit to burst, and now, as he felt that she was approaching her climax, he plunged his big cock into her soft, wet pussy, kept it in, and moved in a circular motion so as to press her G-spot firmly. Jeannie arched herself and began to come, and as she hit her climax, Cliff pulled out of her and watched her spasms, watched her pink flesh contract, and watched the gush of hot fluid escape her, as she cried out in pleasure. Rubbing the hot liquid all around the outside of her pussy, he plunged his cock back in, and pumped and thrust inside her until he too started to come, at which he withdrew, leaned back a little, took the head of his cock in his hand, and with a loud groan, shot his load all over Jeannie's already hot, wet body.

He fell forward onto Jeannie, calling her darling, telling her he loved her and, taking some of his weight onto his hands, lay down gently on top of her, feeling his hot ejaculation on her breasts and belly, and her hot liquid on her thighs. They lay thus for a little while, then Cliff took handfuls of the soft grass and gently cleaned both Jeannie and himself, before coming to rest beside her. Now night had fallen, and as they looked up at the starry sky, as the last embers of light were disappearing below the horizon, they realised they had another appetite to satisfy..........