 Sue and I arrived back home after the Greek holiday tanned and relaxed. The couple that we had met on the island, Fiona and Richard had had some unusual ideas with their open lifestyle but they had introduced us to naturist experiences in a very limited way - a couple of brief experiments on a star-lit beach and a glass of wine on a secluded hotel balcony.

We idly discussed options for our next vacation but it all seemed so far away. It was still summer and our garden was the only place that we would find any sun for a while. I made sure that we had a corner of the lawn that was not overlooked by any of the neighbours and Sue dared to lie on a lounger without clothing, having got the taste for feeling the sun and breeze across her skin.

Gradually she tanned her white bottom and the triangles on her chest until they glowed in the dark no longer. Then summer faded into autumn and the loungers were returned to the shed. The memories of Fiona giving herself a mud-pack or talking on the beach wearing little but a feather in her hair remained bright however.

Then one day in October I received a message on a social networking site. 

'Hi. This is Richard, am I talking to the guy that I met with my wife in Greece in June? If so Fiona has a message, please get back.'

Intrigued, I hit the 'Reply' button. 

'Yes, I believe you are correct, what's up?'

The next day I had another message. 

'We have an offer on a holiday villa in Spain, Fiona is asking if you are interested in joining us. Apparently she enjoyed your company - up to you but you're welcome to stay if you can get flights for next month.'

The location was in the Canary Islands. I checked with Sue and she was up for another break, especially if the costs were kept down; we had spent most of our spare cash on the previous trip. I trawled through some discount airline sites and before the evening was out we had another holiday all booked. The next few weeks dragged by but in due course we found ourselves on a cheap flight, keeping the price down even further by avoiding the fees that packed luggage incur with these carriers and just taking the minimal amount in small carry-on bags.

We arrived in the early afternoon at the airport in the barren volcanic landscape and swept past baggage reclaim to walk quickly out of the Arrivals hall. The others had arrived the day before and Richard was waiting in a hire car to take us to the accommodation. This turned out to be an isolated villa in a tiny valley about an hour drive from the airport. There was a private pool at the rear of the house with a view of the sea but the unmade track which led to the property ensured that passing traffic and members of the public were kept away. 

Their daughter Cress was staying at home being looked after by doting grandparents so wasn't present. On the other hand we found that another person was going to be sharing the villa. 

Veronica - who everyone called Vee was Fiona's elder sister, recovering after a recent divorce. She turned out to be not at all like her sibling. Her hair was a wild shock of auburn pulled back into a pony-tail and she wore no make-up. She was about the same height as me - just over six feet - and what my grandmother would have called a 'strapping wench', others might describe her an Amazon. 

She carried a bit more weight - both on her chest with firm, prominent breasts and in the form of some well-defined muscles. Vee had a ruddy complexion and clearly worked out regularly. 

There was a resemblance with her sister in the facial features; she had a striking statuesque quality with clear blue eyes. When we arrived she was wearing a bright blue sarong wrap around the hips and a white cropped top, showing a flat stomach, a long and lean pair of legs - and those very distracting breasts.

Fiona was elegant as ever in a very short maroon skinny dress top with a chain belt. It had thin spaghetti straps and clung in all the right places including to her nipples.

Whilst we unpacked, Richard started a charcoal barbecue for evening meal. As we only had the small hand cases that didn't take long, but we were hot and sticky from the journey so we showered and then looked for fresh clothes from our tiny pile of T shirts and shorts. 

Our room had a patio door overlooking the pool area and Sue pointed to where the others were sitting. Vee was swimming vigorously in the pool, doing endless tumble-turns from end to end - although it wasn't really big enough to do proper lengths as such. Her ass repeatedly bobbed above the surface and there was no sign of a bathing suit. The others were naked on the sun-loungers, basking in the late afternoon heat.

In the circumstances there seemed little point in dressing so I wrapped a towel around my waist and I opened the glass door to joined them. Three more loungers were lined up so I sat down and stretched out to dry in the sun. 

Sue followed me with her towel tucked securely around herself above the bust.

After a while Vee stopped flashing her butt doing the tumble-turns and climbed out of the pool, standing dripping and nude. Uncovered, her full breasts jutted out without sign of surgical interference. They gave the impression of missile warheads aimed towards the horizon with small dark brown nipples. We were introduced properly, which seemed wrong somehow. I couldn't help thinking that people should wear something when introductions were made. 

We found that she worked as a Police Officer in the mounted section - she was not currently, she commented drily a 'mounted officer' as unfortunately her husband had left her for a colleague and the villa had been part of the settlement. 

As she took the remaining lounger I saw that her toned stomach led via a tiny landing strip of trimmed hair to her stupendously long legs with strong thighs and calves which were obviously developed in gyms and from many years of horse-riding. Her inner labia protruded prominently from her pussy, darkly pigmented contrasting with the paler skin alongside.

I loosened my towel and dared to show myself but I noticed that Sue kept her wrap tucked securely as we lay on the sun-loungers.

Richard kept an eye on the barbecue and after a while announced that food would take about an hour. At this news, Vee commented that she was going for a run and pulled on a tight pair of black Lycra shorts and matching athletic bra. The shorts were pulled right up between the cheeks of her ass, displaying the well-developed glutes but were rolled down low over the belly, barely covering her mound. 

With a pair of training shoes on her feet she climbed over the rear garden wall and dropped down out of sight. She reappeared shortly after in the distance running up the gully of a dried up stream bed, hopping effortlessly over the scattered stones.

"She just can't keep still," Richard said. "Since the break-up Vee's been living on her nerves."

"It's hardly surprising the way that bastard treated her," Fiona defended her sister. "This was their little hidey-hole together and now she's stuck with it. We wouldn't really have come here except to keep her company, she's been so down."

Richard had wrapped his towel around his waist whilst loading the barbecue and Fiona followed suit with hers around the hips. She buttered bread rolls, then chopped some fruit and mixed a bottle of red wine with lemonade and ice to make sangria. Her bare back soon had a rivulet of sweat which trickled down her spine till it disappeared into the soft material above the swell of her bum. Her bare brown breasts jiggled with the movements but her make-up and hair remained flawless.

The glass jug of iced sangria was glistening with condensation and presently Fiona picked it up and pressed it to her chest between her breasts, rolling the droplets off onto her skin. She kept the coolness still until her nipples were poking stiffly.

Presently Vee returned from her run, breathing heavily and soaked in sweat and went to take a shower. 

Sue and I went to our room and dressed, just as Richard pronounced the food nearly cooked and he also went to put on a pair of shorts. When we came back to the patio Vee was freshly showered and brushing out her damp hair. She was wearing a loose skirt and a low-cut halter top showing brown cleavage and side-boob all the way down to her belly button. 

We sat at a small table under an awning to eat and watch the near-tropical sunset. When it was dark and the stars became clearly visible, unhindered by any street lighting Richard switched on some music quietly from within the house. The sangria was finished, and tired after our long journey Sue and I retired to our room leaving the others chatting by the pool. We undressed and lay still in the half light, then with the babble of soft music and voices drifting in from outside, dozed off.

* * *

I awoke in silence and darkness. The room had retained an airless, stifling heat and I was soaked in perspiration. I stood up to slide open the door and sucked in the oxygen. The fresh air was a welcome relief and I could now hear waves crashing against the distant shore. The pool was black, still in the starlight and the Milky Way was a swathe across the clear sky so I crossed the patio and stood by the garden wall gazing up at the constellations.

I heard a slight noise alongside and found that Sue had joined me. She had not covered herself either and I reached a hand around her hips then stroked her bum, from her soft thighs up to the top of her buttocks. I slowly brushed the sensitive cleft between her cheeks as she leaned slightly against my side and held my cock until it stiffened. We remained for some time, fondling each other under the stars, listening to the faint sound of the waves.

I took her hand and led Sue to the poolside. We sat on the edge dangling our feet in the fresh water, watching ripples spread across the darkness. The water was cold on our warm skin but quite pleasant after the first touch. After some minutes I slid down into the pool which although small in size was quite deep. Sue followed, with a gasp at the coolness. I swam around the edge whilst she gathered confidence and then we floated gently in the middle. 

I climbed out of the pool and grabbed a couple of fresh towels from the room as Sue also pulled herself out of the pool up the metal ladder. I threw one of the towels to her and we dried off before sitting on a lounger in the darkness cuddling without speaking. She automatically tucked the towel modestly back around herself as we sat and studied the constellations.

I then heard a sniffle from the shadows near a leafy bush in the corner of the patio. I jumped at the noise and saw that a person was hiding there. As I approached to investigate, the person stood up and I realised it was Vee.

She had tears running down her cheeks and had bits of twigs in her hair from the bush. Sobbing, she apologised and explained that she had been standing in the dark when we had come out. Trying not to be noticed she had ducked down out of sight. "It looked so romantic, you being so happy together, looking at the stars," she sobbed "I just couldn't help thinking about my 'ex' and the first time we stayed here."

Sue, with her towel tucked around her boobs gave her a hug. However it was not secure and fell to the floor at the contact. I saw that Vee's halter top had parted at the deep cleavage leaving the two women standing chest to chest - except that the height difference meant that Sue had a substantial pair of breasts either side of her face."I'm sorry, I didn't mean to disturb you" Vee repeated before dashing inside the house.

Sue picked up the towel and with a shrug she carried it back to our room.

* * *

The next day, the first proper day of the holiday, we woke up to a blazing sun. It was clear that we needed to apply high-factor sun cream to prevent burn, so Sue and I applied it to each other all over. We used a waterproof all-day product, as we had in Greece previously. This not only meant that we did not need to worry about clothes moving and allowing burn on unprotected areas, but also allowed me to massage all over her perfect little body, then for her to do the same for me, paying special attention to the areas not normally exposed.

After breakfast we all stepped over the wall from the patio and walked down the dry stream-bed of the valley to the tiny secluded beach, which took around 10 minutes. There were no roads to cross or other houses to pass and the beach had a mixture of golden soft sand and dark volcanic grit.

Vee and Fiona stripped off and lay down, Richard busied himself setting out towels and sun-umbrellas before also undressing. I slipped off my shorts and pointed out to Sue that she would be collecting tan-lines again if she stayed wearing a bikini in the strong sun. Soon she quietly stripped off the bra top when no-one was looking and lay on her front. I was seriously impressed; this was the first time that she had ever sunbathed topless and I was aware of how much nerve it took her.

Presently the other three went for a dip. Sue waited a while longer before turning onto her back and showing her breasts to the warmth of the sun. She wasn't bold enough to skinny-dip in broad daylight so kept her bikini bottom before going into the water, quickly moving to sufficient depth to cover herself. Still she was topless in public, even if everyone else present was nude. I went for a solitary swim to leave her enjoy the experience.

When we returned to the beach Sue ventured to sit quietly topless. Small steps, but gradually I saw that she was becoming more and more confidant.

After a couple of hours of sun and sea Richard pointed out that the mid-day sun was too fierce to remain out in so early in the holiday, so we packed up and made our way back up the hill. Fiona put her one-piece costume back on, looking as immaculate as ever, but Vee just slipped on her sandals and walked up nude - not that anyone else could see us anyway in the gully of the stream bed.

We spent the afternoon sheltering from the sun in the house, snoozing away the remaining tiredness of the previous day's travelling.

In the evening we put on some music and sat on the patio chatting with the music system playing Spanish guitars gently in the background. Vee had covered up with a sarong tied over one shoulder, Fiona was wearing a loose pair of purple harem pants of a sheer chiffon material worn low on the hips and a pair of sandals. She remained topless and her tanned breasts had acquired a burnished glow. 

The sun started to set and the heat left the day as we drank cold bottled lager from the refrigerator. 

The music on the player changed to a Moroccan flute and Fiona, obviously tipsy from the lager, started to give us a belly-dance. Her clothing was certainly appropriately Arabic and as she shimmied around with her nipples jiggling I could see that there really was nothing underneath the semi-transparent pants.

She sat down as the music returned to Spanish guitar, breathing heavily and a sheen of perspiration on her skin. Vee stood up and danced an enthusiastic flamenco, throwing her arms around until her sarong proved too loose and a single breast slipped out to one side. Unabashed she continued dancing until the music finished and she sat down laughing. She tried to pull the thin material back across the escaped flesh but the make-shift garment had twisted and would not stay to cover it. She relaxed, leaning back on her elbows and left the errant tit hang loose. "Sue, come on - show us your moves!" she called out.

Sue can dance when she's warmed up and tonight she was hot. She was just wearing one of my white T-shirts as a short dress and stood up. Twirling round the patio like a madwoman, she gave everything she had. No real style, just an outpouring of energy.

When she sat again, exhausted, Vee was laughing. "My God, I thought you were shy. All coy on the beach, and now you're dancing like an idiot without any knickers on." She had obviously noticed that the T-shirt barely covered Sue's ass and had been flying in the air. This didn't particularly surprise me, when we met Sue was much more modest regarding her breasts than her pussy.

"Well, we didn't bring much, we didn't have any room in the cases" Sue protested. "Anyway, there's something in the lager." 

"Yes, alcohol." I said quickly.

She jumped up again. "Put the music up higher". She commenced dancing again, around and around with the shirt rising up waist-high exposing her bum and bare pussy until she suddenly lost her balance and stumbled dizzily to the ground, landing in a sitting position on the floor near the pool. Then, in slow motion she overbalanced backwards, raised her legs in the air and toppled upside down into the water.

Vee was closest and immediately jumped in to grab hold of Sue, who emerged coughing and spitting water. When they both managed to regain dry land, Sue's wet T-shirt was almost completely transparent as was Vee's sarong which had now released both breasts. The short skirt part of the garment was only partially covering her patch of pubic hair and clinging seductively to the wet skin.

Together the pair staggered back into the house to dry and Richard also disappeared to clear up the plates and glasses.

Fiona and I sat giggling and chatting for a while and then she stood and started dancing again. As I was the only one left, the belly-dance was clearly aimed at me. She shook her shoulders, making her firm breasts shimmy from side to side and leaned over backwards to thrust her pussy towards me, visible through the thin sheer material. 

She high-kicked and hip-swivelled, then turned away and slowly bent over wiggling her ass with her feet wide apart to flash herself at me. She placed her forehead on the ground and looked back through her legs to peek at me staring at her butt and pussy.

Then she span round and ripped off the pants, which I realised had been fastened with a Velcro fastening down the sides. She stood nude except for her sandals, breathing heavily towering over me.

"Careful," I whispered "Sue and Richard will be coming back out now."

"Richard has made himself scarce" she replied. "He knows when to disappear. And don't worry about Sue and Vee, are you blind?"

"What do you mean?" I was confused.

"Come on you must have noticed, Vee is bi and Sue has pulled. They tied up last night after you had that midnight encounter, when you were kipping."

"But Sue isn't gay."

"So what do you know. She's certainly bi-curious and now it looks like she's finding out what it's all about."

"I don't think so. Anyway, how do you reckon she's bi-curious?"

"Haven't you noticed the way she looks me up and down when she thinks I'm not looking, and the way she stares at Vee? I noticed it the first time on the beach in Greece. You were both staring at my box like it was wrapped up with ribbons underneath a Christmas tree, it's obvious."

I was unconvinced despite the colourful phrase. "What do you mean about Richard knowing when to disappear?"

"He knows about my needs, when I get horny for extras he lets me work it out but I'm not allowed to let anyone cum in me. Only he's allowed to do that. I'm only scratching an itch, he knows it, he lets me. It's a mutual arrangement, don't worry about that. If he has something to do he lets me know and I'll bugger off out of the way."

She stepped closer, so that her pussy was nuzzling against my nose. Her thighs separated further and I felt a hand on the back of my head pressing my face closer. Her breath was now louder than the sea as my nose entered the folds of soft and musky flesh. 

She murmured "How does it make you feel, finding out about your wife?"

I pulled back for a second. "I don't believe it, she's so straight. Honestly I'd be amazed."
