 I had a vocation to the priesthood since grade school at St. Precopius elementary. There we were required to wear dress shoes, dress pants, a white shirt and a tie. The tie was a different color for each grade. I should mention my grades were pretty low and I never could bring them high enough to allow me to try out for altar boy. The sisters found me obedient and quick minded. My mom required I obey them as I did her, so I was their gopher. Bringing their books back to the public library or dropping off messages to someone in our Parish. On graduation day for eighth grade, we danced with our girl classmates and celebrated our leaving grade school and moving up to high school. We were getting older.

High school at De Sayles all boys private school was boring. I hated it from the first moment I was there. I had enjoyed seeing the girls in their plaid uniforms in grade school and I missed that. I could not stop thinking about their voices or the occasional pencil drop routine. The principal wouldn't allow dances at the school, nor would he allow our Sister schools to advertise their dances. During this time there was a shortage of priests and I suppose they were trying to forcibly guide us to a vocation.

My heart still yearned for a vocation. A small parish where I could make a difference in the lives of my flock. The opportunity to officiate at weddings and baptisms. I often dreamed of wearing the formal priestly robes, the expensive silks and vivid colors. The beautiful loving looks the mother gives her baby at baptism. So when Father Rick called me into his office for counseling (for what I didn't know yet) I was planning to ask him about it. About becoming a priest. I was seventeen and the world was still a strange and wonderful place. Father Rick told me to sit down. "Pete, how have you been? It's getting near graduation time and you are the only student who hasn't come into my office to ask about college."

I took a deep breath and breathed a sigh of relief. I thought they had caught me masturbating in the john or something, but I had nothing to worry about. In fact the question fit into my plans. "I'm thinking about going to Seminary, maybe becoming a priest."

"That's a fulfilling vocation Pete. I can tell you from my own experience that there is no calling in the world that will give you the rewards and sense of fulfillment."

That was then, this is now. On graduation at St. Joseph's Roman Catholic Seminary. I was given my first Assignment at St. Mary's of Perpetual Help. It is a large Parish and has a grade school and high school. The church is white marble with gold ornamentation and beautiful paintings and statues. It was the first place I went to when I arrived, even before checking in with the Monsignor. I was awed. The scent of incense, the quiet rays of the setting sun and the glimmer of candles set a mood that I can only barely describe here. I felt in touch with God there while I stood inside the quiet church.

Even though this is a huge Parish, there was only Monsignor Boyle and me. It didn't take me long to begin to learn the sisters names and some of the students. I had met so many of the parents that I couldn't remember one name from the next.

I sat at my desk in the high school chaplain's office, of St. Mary's. Sister Elizabeth came quietly inside and locked the door behind her. Her hair was short, brown, a little curly and showed her ears. She wore a plain dress suit with white blouse. Pinned on her left lapel was a gold cross. She wore the traditional black work shoe. 

"Father Pete, would it be possible for you to hear my Confession?"

"Yes sister. Don't you usually see Father Boyle?"

"Not for this Father, I am so embarrassed."

I stood up and moved around the desk. There is a small leather couch by the wall and I led her there. Then I helped her sit down and I sat down next to her. I know it seems strange but in the quiet warmth of my office, all I could think about was her scent. Not perfume. Nor the deep musky smell that some women have. I didn't know. I was a virgin. Yet, when I sat down next to her, our legs touched each other. We sat there as she began to confess. I was in my twenties and she in her forties but her body felt young and warm next to mine. My senses felt so sharp. My breathing deepened, as did hers. She clasped her hands together in prayer as she related her problem to me. I wasn't prepared to hear, what she related to me.

"Father forgive me for I have sinned. It has been a week since my last and most truthful confession."

"Do you mean you have lied and made a bad confession sister?"

"Yes, Father." Tears began to well up in those beautiful hazel eyes of hers. Her lips trembled as the words began to tumble out.

"I don't know what has come over me Father. I think I will have to leave here. I am about to ask the cardinal to release me from my vows."

"Go on sister. Tell me about it in your own time. I'm listening."

A knock on the door disturbed us and I stood up and moved quickly to it. I felt irritable to leave Sister Elizabeth's side. The feeling of soft warmth of her thigh now was a cooling memory. I wanted to get back to her. I thought to hear her confession.

"Father Pete, I am Megan. I don't know if you remember me, but I was wondering if we could talk?"

"Yes. Of course Megan. At the moment I am hearing confessions and need privacy. Would you come back in an hour?"

"Yes Father" She smiled and as she turned round the momentum sent her hair around her head in a sexy lilt. Her firm breasts bounced as she made her way down the hall. I briefly noticed the rhythmic dance her buttocks made with each step...

I put "The confession in progress" sign on the door and locked it.

"I'm sorry sister Elizabeth. Please continue." This time I purposefully sat down so close to her, I had almost sat in her lap. She smiled at my uncoordinated movements and began to tell me why she was having problems with her vows.

"Father Pete. All I can think about most recently are our boys. I find my eyes traveling down their firm young bodies. I feel a warm tingling sensation in the pith of my stomach when I see one with an erection. I have woke in the middle of the night in my private cell (bedroom) after having a steamy sexual dream where I was with one of them."

She put her hands on her lap. She could no longer hold them up next to the bulge of her firm large breasts. Her hands were so shaky. I once again was made aware of the pleasant warmth of her thigh. I carefully moved my hands down to hers, clasping those neatly trimmed fingers and hands in mine. I held them cupped in mine. My breathing once again was deep and now I felt the adrenaline rushing through my body. My groin ached and my penis seemed pinched in my pants. I moved down to ease the tension and make myself comfortable. 

Sister Elizabeth's hand seemed to fly down next to mine as I did this. We both seemed unaware. It seemed so natural. Now that the pinching was gone my erection moved up into its full length and made a little tent on my pants leg. I gently led her hand back up to my other one, and again cupped those soft hands of hers. Her breathing too seemed to be deep and rhythmic. Her adrenaline caused her veins to pulse noticeably. "Is that all then sister, just a few bad thoughts and a dream or two?"

"Yes Father Pete. But it's interfering with my prayers."

I don't know why but when she said this my manhood leapt. The thought of her in saintly devotion to our Lord seemed to intensify my mood. I no longer paid full attention to what she was now saying. As she talked on for a few minutes in my office, the closeness of us, the dim lights; all I could think about was bedding this woman. I wanted to give her so much pleasure, to make her moan in delicious agony, as her hips rocked hard pushing me deeply into her. Kissing her breasts and neck. I wanted to kiss everywhere on her body. I wanted to know every crevice, every blemish, every spot. My concentration centered on the touch of her hands and the warmth of her thigh. Part of me wondered how this had gotten so far out of hand. 

"Well," I said to her, "often when a woman who has had sex before entering the sisterhood will feel her sexual tensions rise." I said, trying to remember the psychiatry classes I had at seminary, which were my only link to sexual knowledge at that time. I didn't even know what a mons would feel like, nor the slippery texture of her pussy as my hand rubbed it deeper and deeper making it wet. These thoughts would come later, when I had experienced more of life.

"Father, I am a sister!" She said. "Yes. I know that. What are you telling me? We are in confession, you may speak freely."

"I'm still a virgin Father." Though the words came calmly to her in the beginning, they ended in a deep sob.

"What's wrong with that sister? I am a virgin too."

"But, but, you're a man Father."

I related a little of my history to her. Letting her know that I wasn't lying. Nor was I trying to trap her.

A brief moment of confusion. This is to the best of my knowledge as you read you will understand.

As I now noticed we were staring into each others eyes. Our faces so close. Her lips parted, glistening, showing clean white teeth. I loved those teeth.

Slowly, fearfully, I took the lead. I placed her hands in her lap, making sure that I touched as much of the mons area as I could but seemingly innocently. Lightly brushing my hands on it, as they left hers. I slid my hand up her arm and brought her gently down on the couch. My heat was so intense. We fused together in this moment of lust. Still dressed, I began to kiss her eye lids, and her nose, then I brushed gently across her lips with mine. It was late in the day and I had a small five o'clock shadow. 

Somehow I knew to brush my beard lightly across her lips as I kissed her. I felt her hand move around my groin as she felt my firmness trapped inside my trousers leg, still pulsing with the heat of my primal desires. I kissed her and explored her breasts, running my hands down her sides to her hips and back up again. Feeling the firmness of her tits as the heaved in desperate desire. We were no longer in control. Just two people, a man and a woman, deeply aroused. Exploring each other in naive desperation. Making the moment last. 'This can't be bad.' I thought. How could something so right be sinful? 

But even these simple questions were lost while I carefully released her tie, and began unbuttoning the buttons which imprisoned those large firm breasts. Those beautiful breasts that heaved and sighed like an ocean. I buried my face in them and heard her sigh and moan slightly. I released her bra and watched as they bounced free. Large aureos and erect nipples. I kissed them, rubbed them. My desire so intense. I wanted my lips to be everywhere, on her lips, on her breasts, her nipples. I wanted to explore her shoulders and the depressions there. As I did so, I moved into position to straddle her. Abruptly the sofa moved out to form a small day bed. It was a brief but frightening interruption. Then I heard a knock on the door. I placed my finger to my lips and made myself presentable.

Megan stood outside the door. Her bright eyes and smiling face. "I'm back Father. Aren't you done yet?"

"Can you tell me about this? What is it?"

"I need to talk to you about something. I need counseling."

"This confession is taking a bit longer than I had planned. Can you come back tomorrow morning?"

"Yes. Of course Father." She smiled. "But you have to promise to see me!"

"I'll put your name down in my day book. Tell you what, I'll send for you during classes tomorrow. That alright?"

"Yes Father. Thank you. Bye."

I silently locked the door and turned around. Sister Elizabeth lay still. She hadn't moved since I left her but for the small sobs that shook her, and her hands over her mouth. She hadn't moved an inch. Now though she seemed frightened.

"I am sorry Father, she began to stammer." As she began to get up. I would not. I could not let this be. My deepest primal desires had been stoked there was only one way to cool them down and Sister Elizabeth wasn't going to leave before this urge, this desire was completely quenched. I gently pushed her down and in my haste a bit roughly unclasped her bra again. This time she began to protest a bit. I was almost deaf to it by then as the blood was thrumming though my ears, my large cock was so engorged and throbbing. I needed release.

"Father we can't!"

"It's a sin!" I don't remember what I said to quiet her down and calm her fears. My hands did busy work as I quickly undressed her and untill I once again was above her I hadn't realized that her hands too had been busy. My trousers and boxers were down to my ankles. My black socks peeking out above the waists. My knees between those lovely round legs of hers, I placed myself in position and found her helping me, guiding me with her hand to the opening of her soft, slick wet pussy. I could feel the deep coolness of her pussy hairs. I felt her breath deeply as I pushed inside her. She made a soft moan which drove my lust filled organ into her, ripping away at her hymen with my stiff blood gorged prick. I felt the warm blood gently trickle down our legs. "I. I didn't mean to hurt you sister."

"Oh it feels soooo goooood!"

"It doesn't hurt Father." Slowly now, more aware and in control I guided my penis in and out and listened to the soft deep moans she made, I could taste her saliva with our kisses. It tasted so good. I remembered another place that was wet. I wondered if it too would taste good.

As I moved my seven and a half inch penis out of her already soaking wet pussy, I heard the 'shluuumph!' noise and sister Elizabeth was begging me not to stop. I knelt down lower, kissing her nipples, kissing my way down to her belly button and then to the moist dark damp spot between her thighs, where my erect penis had been. I took a tentative lick. She tasted so goood! I thought. I buried my mouth on her, licking so hard. Pushing my tongue deeper and deeper inside her. I covered my teeth with my lips so they wouldn't hurt her clit as I bit down softly. Her moans were deeper now and neither of us noticed how loud she was becoming. I licked the angel wings that were on the sides of her vagina, the vagina walls and again sucked her clit deep into my mouth tasting her juices. Enjoying the pleasure that I was able to give her. "Please Father now.. Now! Oh God, Now Father. Fuck me. Make me orgasm! Oh Pleeeeeaaaasse!" She begged desperately but I was concentrating on her clit, giving her head. It took a second or two for my wits to come back and once again I was the master. I was in control. I walked on my knees and felt her hand automatically reach for my erect pulsing penis. I took the head and gently rubbed up and down the vaginal opening. I circled her clit. Her moans were intense. I think she must have been coming, orgasming. As with each moan, her hips rocked up, pushing up, hard. I took great pains in pushing my hard manhood slowly and deeply inside once again. This time it felt like a familiar place. 

We began to rock and moan. Her pussy tightened on my penis. I felt her deep but pleasant pressure. Uncontrollable pleasure spurted in torrents as I began to come. I came again and again and again as we both rocked with rolling orgasms. Sister Elizabeth and I clutching each other in the beautiful pain of mutual multiple orgasms. Both of us had been virgins. Neither of us had even read or been talked to about sex. I felt my sperm shoot deep inside her, spitting like a dragon. Each time the orgasm seemed less and less for both of us. Our sweat mingled together like our juices as I lay on top of her. I realized she might be uncomfortable and began to gently move off of her but she pulled me close to her. Her pussy still holding tight onto my now flaccid dick. As it got smaller it slid out tickling us both.

"Sister, I beg you. Please don't leave!"

"We'll figure something out." Oh God I thought, she may be pregnant. We seemed to be thinking the same thoughts. "Father, I have been taking the pill for months now to regulate my period. Don't worry, I'm not pregnant."

"Good. I was beginning to think." Funny, it makes sense even now, that small phrase. She lay down on the day bed that we had discovered in my office. I went to my desk and got some tissue and cleaned her off. She was so weak after orgasming and I seemed to be so full of energy. In a few minutes we were both straightened up and fit once again into our clerical roles. We made a mutual confession and a promise to do this again, but not too soon or too often. "Father. I don't know what got into us but I don't want to leave here now. No. Not now." 

The room seemed filled with the pleasant scent of her juices as she walked calmly away and out the door. Her hips seemed to rock in delight, her shoulders erect and the small lilt in her hair with each step reached to the bottomless soul of my emotions. This wasn't some lust filled sex orgy. Nor were we errant clerics participating in some grotesque and perverse act to defile the church. Somehow I felt like an angel had left me and later, she had said she felt the same about me. Two angels having intercourse, we laughed at the pun. 

Now sister Elizabeth has made me her Father confessor. We don't spoil it though. We only have sex about once a month. Fasting from the touch of each other, waiting once again for the fulfillment of mutual multiple orgasms. And in my desire to please this lovely angel, I have taken the lead in reading up on sexual intercourse, techniques and even deep sensual massages. The interesting thing is nobody knows. 

I'll tell you about Megan later.