 Holiday Romance ch 3 - Trip to USA

Cliff had been working for ten hours. He had a responsible job, and people had been bothering him all day with problems. It doesn't do to be good at IT – everyone wants you to fix their system. Now, Cliff sat in his car in the traffic queue. What on earth was the problem, didn't usually get any delays here. He sat there and thought of his Jeannie, thousands of miles away, imagined her sitting by him right now, no panties on, pleasuring herself and reaching over and fondling his groin right now, and he closed his eyes and felt his erection start to swell in his pants. No one would see. He snuck a hand down there and rubbed until the cream came. Ohhhh, Jeannie, Jeannie, Jeannie!

As he enjoyed the tingly sensations afterwards, he thought of the times he had had back in Britain with her, the different ways he had enjoyed her, mainly out in the open and eventually in his bed. She had been shy at first, very British, very different from the girls he had been used to. She was travelling on holiday, and had assumed that a stranger was his wife at the railway station, and was so embarrassed when he put her right laughingly. She looked so cute, and he had fallen in love with her on the spot. At the end of that rail journey back to his Scottish island home, he had fortunately met her again, and managed to find out where she was staying before circumstances swept her away from him.

Now back in the States briefly to sort out some things regarding his former job, he was heading back to his rented house for a couple of nights. The traffic was moving again now, and he glanced wistfully at the empty seat next to him before moving on for the last couple of miles. In a daze of tiredness he arrived home and garaged the Chevy, crossed the drive and went round the back. The back door was unlocked – what was Charlie next door playing at? Could've been robbed. Must have a word with him.

Closing the door behind him, Cliff put down his bags, threw his keys on the kitchen table and opened the fridge. At least Irma next door had stocked up for him. He made a ham sandwich and some milky coffee, took them on a tray through to the den, and ate hungrily. He realised he must do something about himself after his admittedly enjoyable episode with Jeannie in the car just now. Smiling at the memory, he cleared away the tray of things and went through to the bathroom.

As he undressed, Cliff remembered how it had been...  He undid his zipper, remembering when Jeannie had done just that, and how she had rubbed his erection through his tight briefs until it leaked, then taken it right out and taken the head into her soft wet mouth and tasted his pre-cum. He unbuttoned his shirt, remembering when Jeannie had done just that, and ran her fingers right down his body, round his groin and the full length of his cock. He stood naked, remembering a time before when he had stood before Jeannie, his dick so hard it was painful, admiring Jeannie's naked body, her full, round breasts, her pink, pointed nipples, the dark curls below her belly, the pink folds of skin just visible, prior to when he lifted her onto his bed and explored every inch of her beautiful body, both insatiable, making love into the night...... Cliff wanted some cock action right now, as in spite of his tiredness he was ready to burst, but his lady was thousands of miles away, and he was here alone, and needing a shower. He stepped in, closed the door, switched the water on.

In spite of the water, Cliff was now only half awake, and was beginning to go soft. After a few moments, when he had his eyes closed and was washing his hair, he could have sworn that he felt soapy hands around his body, stroking, rubbing, lathering. He could feel soapy fingertips pressing on his nipples. He could feel soapy fingers run down his belly. He could feel soapy hands rest upon his cock and grasp it hard. He kept his eyes shut, not wanting to break the illusion. 

With lots of shower gel the hands teased and pulled his cock into a huge erection. The soapy hands ran up and down the shaft, massaging, pumping. The slippery fingers worked round and round the head of his cock, and into the hole.

Then he felt his cock completely enfolded between phantom breasts, soapy, slippery, soft squeezing... and then for a moment, the phantom mouth enfolded him. At that point he thrust, and shot his load into the phantom mouth.....and he stood there a moment, just savouring the sensations.

Cliff finally did open his eyes, and sensed that the phantom was hiding behind him. Now he felt soapy hands around his bottom, squeezing the cheeks, running soapy phantom fingers right down the crack, finding the secret passage, and gently exploring just a little bit inside, on the front surface, finding the bit where guys like it. Cliff then stood legs apart, to allow the soapy fingers further access, to gently rub further forwards to that place just behind his balls, where the penis begins. He enjoyed it immensely as soapy fingers rubbed all those secret places, soaped them, massaged them, cleaned them.....

And again when Cliff was not looking down, the phantom hands came back round the front, as he was starting to get really hard again. His balls were so tight, and the phantom soapy hands caressed and soothed them. One soapy hand stayed around his balls and tickled them, and the other went to work on his shaft, encircling it, massaging up and down, faster and faster, his cock standing vertical, huge, hard, erect. Then both soapy hands held his cock so hard, pulled it from root to tip, pumped it, faster and faster, more and more, and then he groaned, as lashings of his white man-juice flooded out of him, all over the phantom face, the phantom breasts, the phantom body. Finally the soapy hands soothed and massaged him until he was comfortable, satisfied, rested.

Cliff turned off the shower and emerged, wrapped himself in a towel, and dried himself off. His cock was satisfied for the moment – not like it was in actuality with Jeannie, but very nicely nevertheless. Without bothering with pyjamas, he set his alarm for morning, collapsed into bed and fell into a deep sleep.

In the middle of the night, Cliff half awoke, as he was sure that Jeannie, completely naked, crawled under his duvet at the foot of the bed, spread his legs, and worked her way up, stroking, kissing, until she came to his balls. She ditched the duvet, uncovering Cliff's gorgeous masculine body. She stroked very lightly the fur on the inside of his thighs, and ran a finger round his balls a couple of times. His breathing became very heavy as she was doing this, and he was whispering "More, baby!" 

Then, cradling Cliff's balls in one hand, Jeannie started to run a finger right up the length of his hard cock, until she found the sensitive bit just before the tip, and pressed gently in a circular motion, which made him moan. Then she leaned down, and her wet hair fell on his belly as she ran first the flat of her tongue, then the tip, the whole length of his cock, starting just below his balls, licking, sucking. He started to move his hips against her, so she took the head of his cock in her mouth, and gripped wetly, so that his end just slid in and out between her lips. 

Deeper and deeper Jeannie took him into her mouth, over halfway, and held onto him hard, as she wanted to draw his semen out all over her. Up and down Cliff went, as she held him firmly into her mouth, milking him, draining him, and lovely salty liquid was coming out of the end of his cock. At the same time she was gripping and moving her hand on his shaft generally, in time to the sucking, and Cliff just lay back and sighed. 

Leaving his cock wet, Jeannie moved so that she could wrap her breasts around his shaft, and he thrust and thrust, more pre-cum coming out, making it lovely and slippery. After all this activity Cliff was beginning to cream, so she moved up again, sat astride him and lined her pussy up so that he just caught her dripping wet lips with the head of his cock. That sent them both crazy, trying not to come, wanting to prolong it all night. She then sat down hard on him, and took him all the way in. That felt so good! 

To her, Cliff felt so huge that way up. Jeannie found that if she leaned forward and moved her bottom backwards a bit, the base of his cock was rubbing straight on her clit and G-spot, and she felt hot liquid come out from her around his cock, and run outside past her pussy lips, into Cliff's groin. As she was riding him like this, he reached out and stroked her thighs, slowly working up her belly, and she leaned forward again so that he could grasp her breasts. Cliff took some moisture from the site of their sex, and rubbed it around her nipples, and she leaned still closer, supporting him under pillows, so that he could reach to lick it off. 

After quite a while of this, Jeannie was getting urgent, and she sat back up, and sat down hard on Cliff again, and he bucked under her, penetrating, thrilling, so she was ready to come. Trying to keep quiet, as she felt her climax happen, she took him out for a moment, held his cock to her pussy lips, and came, gushing all over his cock and his stomach, her pussy contracting then squirting more out several times. 

Jeannie straight away put him back in again, and rode him harder, to make sure she was completely sated, and to take Cliff even higher. Holding her steady by the hands, he bucked and bucked into her, and at one point she felt him tighten up, and then he made such a big thrust, and groaned, and thrust again, and again. Jeannie tightened her pussy around him, and made sure she had squeezed him dry. She then lay forward, took him out but laid his cock along her pussy crack outside, and they kissed and began to fall asleep. 

Jeannie roused herself a little, found the bath towel again, and gently wiped them both as best she could. A few more moments of laying on Cliff's body, her breasts on his chest, and his cock placed between her legs, and she gave him a huge, wet, passionate kiss. Cliff fell asleep, contented.

The next morning, Cliff was awakened by the alarm, and he switched on the bedside lamp, and looked around the bedroom to find he was alone. Of course Jeannie wasn't here – how could she have been? He noticed the laundry basket, lid off, towel hanging out over the side – but he didn't leave it like that?

He had a morning erection, and he needed a shower....