 Walking through the door I was awestruck at how big the reception was. It was a lot bigger than I thought it was going to be judging by the outside, and there was quite a few people milling about. Getting into the queue I put my case on the floor and waited patiently, all the time looking around at the other people.

Eventually I reached the front of the queue, received my room key and reached down to pick my case up. Wandering away from reception I headed up the stairs to my room, opened the door and went in. The room was average size with a double bed, TV and coffee maker but not much else. Lifting my case onto the bed I slowly unzipped it, flipped open the lid and stared in shock at the contents, I had picked up the wrong bag. Instead of my neatly folded clothes, freshly polished shoes I was staring at lacy lingerie, vibrators, dildos and condoms. 

I closed the case quickly and looked at it; the case was identical to mine. Checking the handle and luggage label holder I was stunned to discover that there wasn't any name on it. 

Zipping the case back up I was about to leave the room, and take it down to reception, when there was a knock on the door. Putting the case down I went to the door and opened it to come face to face with the most beautiful brunette woman I had ever seen, and she was holding a case identical to mine. 

"Hi," the woman said.

"Hello how can I help you?" I replied.

"I seem to have picked your case up by mistake," she said blushing slightly. "You haven't opened it have you?"

Her face went redder than a tomato as she asked the last question, and she bowed her head a little.

"I did I'm afraid," I answered.

"Oh I see," she whispered with embarrassment. "Can I have it please?"

Turning to go into my room and get her bag, I picked it up, turned around and was surprised to see she had followed me into the room.

"What must you think of me," she said. "Seeing what is in there."

"Don't let it worry you," I replied. "Each to their own."

I handed her the case, and took mine from her.

"Thank you," she said before turning and scurrying out of my room without so much as a bye.

I smiled to myself as I opened my case and began to place the clothes and underwear in various drawers and wardrobes.

Once I had finished I pushed my empty case under the bed, headed out of my room, and went back downstairs. I walked through reception and headed to the bar, after the travelling I really need a drink. Sitting on one of the bar stools I called the barman over.

"Jack Daniels and coke please," I said.

"Do you want ice sir?" The barman replied.

"No thanks."

I turned and looked around while the barman went to get my drink, and noticed the woman whose case I had picked up by mistake sitting at one of the tables, alone.

"There you go sir," the barman said.

I turned and picked up my drink before turning back and looking at her again. She was sipping, what looked like, from a glass of wine. I stared for a couple of minutes before emptying my glass and calling the barman back over.

"Same again please," I said. "And, see that woman over there; get her whatever she is drinking."

The barman got me what I had ordered and, picking up both glasses, I stood up and headed towards her. She was staring out of the window as I headed over, and didn't notice me until I put her glass on the table.

"Hi again," I said. "Do you mind if I sit with you?"

"Oh hello," she replied. "No I don't mind."

"I saw you sat alone and as we have already met I thought I would get you a drink as you are the only person here that I know."

"You don't even know my name," she said picking up the drink I had bought for her.

"That's a point," I replied. "Well I'm Dave what do I call you?"

"Teresa," she whispered before taking a sip from her glass. "I can't believe you saw what was in my case, I am so embarrassed."

"Told you not to worry about it."

"I know but you must have got a great shock," Teresa said her blush coming back.

"I did but it didn't bother me," I said. "I was just going to go down to reception with it when you knocked."

"Glad I found you first then." 

We both took sips from our glasses and I looked at her carefully. Her brunette hair hung down to just below her shoulders, getting wavy at the end. She was wearing a tight white blouse, which clearly showed her purple bra through the material, tight white jeans and black two inch heels. For a minute or two we sat in silence, finishing our drinks, when she picked up the glasses and stood up.

"Would you like one more before I have to go?" Teresa said.

"Thank you," I replied and she turned towards the bar.

I watched as she walked, her ass looking perfect in her jeans, and felt a stirring in my trousers. I turned away, hoping that the growing bulge in my trousers would go down, and waited for her to come back. Teresa placed the glass down in front of me, and as she went past her breast brushed against the back of my head. I was shocked because there was plenty of room and wondered why she had to be so close.

"So are you here alone?" She asked after sitting down.

"Yeah it's another boring business trip," I replied. "What about you?"

"I wasn't supposed to be," Teresa replied. "But yes I am."

"How do you mean?" I asked.

"This was supposed to be my honeymoon," she replied, a tear forming in her eyes. "But the wedding never even happened."

"Do you mind me asking why?"

"Well you know they say it's bad luck for the bride and groom to see each other the night before."

"Yeah but..." I said.

"Well for me it's true," she said. "I caught the bastard screwing my head bridesmaid, in our fucking bed."

"I am really sorry," I said. "I can't believe anyone would cheat on someone as beautiful as you."

"I don't feel very beautiful after what I saw," she replied, the tear running down her cheek. "He was doing something to her he had never done to me."

"It's okay I think I know what you mean." I said hoping to stop her from saying anymore.

"Sorry Dave I've got to go," Teresa said putting her glass down and standing up. "If you are here later may I join you for something to eat?"

"Yes I would like that." I replied before she started to walk away.

My eyes were once again drawn to her perfectly formed ass, her wiggle causing the stirring in my trousers to return. Finishing my drink I stood up and headed out of the doors towards the pool.

Outside the sun beamed down onto the pool area and, as I walked around, my eyes were drawn to the bevy of scantily clad beauties lying round the edge soaking up the sun's rays and drinking, yet all I found myself thinking about was Teresa. 

I had only met her a couple of hours previously but after sitting, drinking and chatting with her, as well as finding out what type of things she took on holiday, I found myself wanting to get to know her a hell of a lot more. I glanced once more at the beauties around the pool before heading back to my room, to get showered and ready for tonight's evening meal, secretly hoping that she would join me. 

Once safely in my room I closed and locked the door, headed into the bathroom and turned the shower on. While I waited for it to get to the correct temperature I stripped of and, once fully naked, found myself admiring my body in the bathroom mirror. Although I didn't have the physique to match the world's greatest hunks and heartthrobs I wasn't in bad shape, maybe a couple of pounds or so overweight but nothing much. My long, dark hair went down to my shoulders, my muscles were formed, but didn't stand out like a body builders, and my cock was an average length, about seven inches when fully erect, nothing to worry any of the major porn stars, but enough to satisfy the women I had been with.

Reaching my hand under the flow of water from the shower I was happy with the temperature and stepped in. I closed my eyes as the water cascaded down over my body, the temperature absolutely perfect. Searching for the shower gel blindly I eventually wrapped my hand around the bottle and began to wash my whole body down, inadvertently spending more time stroking my cock with the soap than was really necessary, before letting the water clear the lather from my body.

Once all the soap had gone I stepped out of the shower, dried myself, wrapped the towel around my waist and headed back into the room. I had already laid out the clothes I wanted to wear on the bed, black trousers, purple shirt, fresh boxer shorts, socks and my black shoes. I dropped the towel and got dressed before tying my hair back in a ponytail, something I always did when I was going to eat, splashed on a small amount o aftershave and headed out of my room and downstairs.

The restaurant was fairly quiet as it was still a little early, just gone six-thirty, so I sat at the bar and ordered a large Jack Daniels and coke. Slowly sipping my drink I picked up a menu and began to see what sort of meals they served, finally deciding that I would settle for medium rare steak, French fries and a side salad. 

I turned and looked around and noticed that the restaurant was starting to fill up so I picked up my glass, found a table and sat down. Tables were set for either two, four or six people so I chose a two person one and waited for a waiter or waitress to come and take my order.

As I waited I stared out of the window at the hotel gardens when I felt a small tap on my shoulder. I span around expecting the tap to have come from a waiter, but came face to face with Teresa.

"Is this seat taken?" she asked at the empty chair opposite me.

All I could do was shake my head no as I stared at her, she looked absolutely stunning. She was wearing a pencil thin short, it ended just above her knees, black skirt, white top with a black and red rose design on, tights or suspenders and black high heeled shoes. Quickly coming back to reality I stood up and, acting the perfect gentleman, pulled her seat out for her to sit down. 

"You look really nice," I said casing her to blush slightly.

"Thank you so do you," she replied.

"Would you like a drink?" I asked holding my, almost empty, glass up.

"Why don't we wait and have a bottle of wine with our meal," she said. "If that's okay with you?"

"Of course it's okay," I replied before looking around and getting the attention of a waitress.

Watching as she came over to us I guessed she must have been about eighteen or nineteen and probably a student trying to earn some extra money.

"Good evening sir, madam," the girl said. "My name is Francesca and I shall be your waitress for this evening. How may I help you?"

"What would you like Teresa?" I asked, already having decided on my meal.

"I'll have the same as you," she replied. "As long as it's not seafood."

"No it's not," I said smiling. "Two medium rare steaks, French fries and side salads please."

"And may you get us a wine list as well please," Teresa added.

"Oh yes sorry madam," Francesca said and handed a list to Teresa. "I'm new here and not quite used to it all yet."

"That's okay," I said.

"Can we have a bottle of the house red please?" Teresa asked.

"Of course you may madam," Francesca replied, before adding. "Your meals won't be long."

As she walked away I found myself staring at Teresa, picturing her naked in my mind, when I felt her foot rub against my leg. I looked up and saw a glint in her eye that I hadn't seen from a woman in quite a while. Somewhat nervously I smiled back at her as her rubbing continued, and my cock started to stiffen. Trying to hide my growing excitement I emptied my glass just as Francesca came over with our meals, closely followed by the wine waiter and Teresa let her foot run slowly down my leg to the floor.

"There you go sir, madam," Francesca said putting our plates down in front of us." Enjoy your meal."

"Thank you Francesca," Teresa and I said in unison.

"Sir, madam your wine," The wine waiter said and opened the bottle.

Pouring a little into my glass I tasted it before giving him a small nod of approval. Moving towards Teresa he started to fill her glass and I could see him staring at her as he did so, stirring feelings of almost jealousy from within me. Teresa must have noticed the look I was giving him because after he had walked away, leaving our bottle on the table, she smiled at me.

"Was someone a little jealous of the wine waiter?" she asked smiling.

"Who me never," I replied lying.

"He's a little young for me," Teresa said. "I am twenty-nine and he can't have been much more than Francesca's age, twenty at tops."

"Well I'm forty-one does that make me too old?" I asked.

"Oh no I like the older man," Teresa said with a slightly wicked smile. "My ex-fiancée, the bastard, was thirty-eight."

The rest of the meal we made small talk about things like where we lived, what we did for a living and other trivial things, Teresa taking charge of the wine ordering as we ate. By the time we had finished eating, including a dessert of black forest gateau, there was three empty wine bottles sitting on the table and Teresa was slightly tipsy, to say the least.

"Can I have the bill please?" I asked Francesca as she walked past us to the next table.

"Certainly sir I shall just fetch it for you."

She quickly brought the bill back and I looked at it, expecting it to be quite expensive, especially with the wine we had consumed, but was surprised to find it was only $59.65. Taking seventy dollars from my wallet I handed the money to Francesca and thanked her for her service, before standing up to pull Teresa's chair out for her.

As she stood up Teresa wobbled in her heels slightly but quickly managed to gain her balance, whereas I expected her to topple over.

"Why don't you get another bottle and come back to my room for a nightcap?" she said the wicked smile from earlier returning to her lips.

"Are you sure that's a good idea?" I asked holding her arm to keep her steady.

"Damn right it is," she replied. "It's supposed to be my honeymoon and I am going to damn enjoy myself."

Shocked at her outburst I quickly went to the bar and bought one more bottle, borrowing a corkscrew and two glasses as well, before heading back to Teresa and leading her out of the restaurant. 

Knowing that she would never make the stairs easily I called the lift and, as the door opened, we stepped inside. As soon as the door closed Teresa looked at me, smiled and threw her arms around the back of neck, her lips pressing against mine urgently. Surprising myself, instead of pushing her off because I was sure it was the drink causing her to behave like she was, I wrapped my arms around her back, pulled her as close to me as I could, her tits squashing against my chest and responded to her kiss. Our tongues started to wrap around each other's and I let one of my hands slide down her back and gripped her firm ass tightly.

We were still kissing passionately when the lift came to a stop and the door opened. Teresa took my hand and dragged me out, past an elderly couple that had a look of disgust on their faces, and along the corridor to her room. Hurriedly she opened the door, pulled me in after her, shut and locked it.

"You open the wine I just need to use that bathroom," she said to me leaving me alone in her room.

Doing as she asked I opened the wine, expecting her to be in the bathroom quite a while, more than likely being sick. Once I had the bottle open I filled the two glasses just as Teresa returned to the room, wrapped in a black silk dressing gown.

"Thought I would slip into something more comfortable," she said taking one of the glasses from me, as I stared open-mouthed. 

I just stood and stared as Teresa waltzed past me and over to the sofa, before sitting down.

"Well are you going to join me?" She asked patting the cushion next to her.

Doing as she asked I walked over and joined her on the sofa, sipping from my glass as I did so. Once I was comfortable, and just as I was going to pick my glass up to take another drink, Teresa put her glass down and pounced on me again. As our mouths came together again I went to reach around her back. But she stopped me. 

Pulling away she stood up and, slowly, undid the belt on her dressing gown, letting it fall to the floor. Underneath she was wearing a white lace corset, white g-string and white stockings and suspenders; she still had her black heels on.

"What do you think Dave?" She asked turning slowly so I could see the complete view.

"Fucking gorgeous," I said staring at her breasts that were straining to escape from the confines of the tight corset.

"Do you really mean that?" she asked.

"Damn right I mean it," I said. "Get in the bedroom and you will see just how much."

Standing up I took hold of her hand and led her to the bedroom, before scooping her up and laying her on the bed.

"Strip for me Dave," Teresa whispered seductively. "Show me what you've got."

Slowly I undid my shirt, and dropped it to the floor, my trousers and socks following quickly. Standing there in just my boxer shorts, which were hiding my erect cock Teresa looked me up and down.

"Very nice," she whispered. "But I think you forgot something."

Knowing what she meant I gripped the waistband of my boxers and slowly lowered them, releasing my hard cock for her to see for the first time, my eyes averted from hers until she said something.

"Mmm very nice come here," she finally said.

Stepping towards the bed I noticed Teresa pick something up from the bedside cabinet, before reaching out and wrapping her other hand around my thick, hard shaft. I stood and closed my eyes as she began to stroke my cock slowly, until I heard a slight buzzing soon and Teresa gasp, and opened them again. As Teresa slowly wanked me she was rubbing her pussy, through her g-string, with a six inch vibrator and seeing her do it turned me on even more but what she did next almost took me over the edge.

Leaning forward, while still rubbing her pussy with the vibrator, Teresa flicked her tongue out across the end of my cock tasting the first drop of pre-cum that had seeped from the end, before opening her mouth wide and wrapping her lips around me. As she bobbed her back and forth along my hard shaft and rubbed her pussy furiously I was worried that I would cum before I wanted to, but I didn't need to worry as after only a minute or two Teresa stopped and looked straight into my eyes.

"Get on here with me," she whispered.

I did as she asked, lying on the bed next to her and ran my hand from her tits to her pussy, stopping on the outside of her g-string, which was sodden from her juices. After rubbing her gorgeously wet pussy through her g-string for a minute or so, I slid my fingers under the material, feeling her smoothly shaven pussy and sliding my middle finger into her, lowering my head towards her as I did so. 

Pulling my finger out of her I sucked her juices from it before pulling her g-string down over her hips, exposing her to me. Looking up at her I smiled before moving in between her legs and lowering my head towards her sweet smelling pussy, flicking my tongue lightly over her slightly parted lips before opening her wider and starting to lick and suck on her engorged clit. 

Teresa thrashed about on the bed as I greedily worked on her pussy, her juices running into my mouth and down over my chin, her hands holding my head as close to her pussy as she could.

"Fuck me Dave now," Teresa gasped. "I need your cock in my pussy."

Lifting my head I started to move up her body, but she stopped me and rolled onto her front. Getting onto her hands and knees she lifted her ass up for me and I moved behind her, gripped her tightly and moved forward. My cock slid easily into her soaking pussy, Teresa gasping as it did so, and I quickly built up my rhythm as I rammed my cock back and forth into her pussy.
