 Chapter 4: Home to UK

Cliff dozed in the aircraft as it flew over the Atlantic, business in the States now done, going back to his new home in Scotland, UK. He was looking forward to getting home this time, as he was seeing Jeannie at her home in East Anglia on his way through from London. They had met by chance in Scotland, as she had chatted to him a couple of times on the train, he had looked her up at her holiday accommodation, and they had started up a romance. 

He remembered particularly the night they had had a picnic at the coast, and he had set up candles all round them, by a stream, and he had made love to her right there on the rug, and then again in the stream as they were washing. The memory of that and other encounters made him go hard, and under the newspaper on his lap, he rubbed his crotch and enjoyed the good feelings.

Eventually this got him too excited, so carrying his jacket in front of him to hide his bulging cock, he made his way down to the facilities, locked himself in, leaned against the wall, closed his eyes, and massaged himself long and slow as he thought of Jeannie, her pretty face, her large breasts, her pink nipples, her rounded bottom, her soaking wet pussy, her swollen clit. Aaaaah, at last, some relief - for a while, as Cliff was a very sexy man, thinking about it and wanting it frequently through the day and night. Staying in the facility for a while longer until the obvious signs of ecstasy had dissipated, he then went back to his seat, and dreamed of Jeannie....

In his dream Jeannie was wearing a white lacy camisole, through which he could clearly see her breasts, her nipples showing through the fabric, pointed, erect, her breasts moving as she turned and invited him to her. She was wearing white lacy panties, slashed at the side, the gusset having gone slightly into her slit, so that he could see her dark brown bush around the narrow material. He looked at her groin, where he had run his tongue so many times, and her shapely thighs. He looked fondly into her face as her eyes half closed with desire, her lips ready to cover him with kisses...

At the sight of her thus, a thrill ran through his body, and his cock sprang to attention, dripping pre-cum already. He was casually dressed, and his cock made a huge bulge in his jeans. Jeannie walked forward slowly, smiling, sultry. She looked down at his bulge, and took his cock in one hand through the material, kneading him, squeezing him, stroking and rubbing him, and she leaned full length against him and rubbed her breasts against his chest, as they kissed passionately, tongues entwining, penetrating, 

She ran a hand up the front of his shirt, stroking his chest hair, tickling his nipples, and pulling at the shirt slightly. Cliff needed no encouragement to take it off, and Jeannie immediately started covering his chest with wet kisses, shifting as she started to work down, licking his flesh, biting it gently, ever downwards...

When she reached the waistband of his jeans, she undid slowly, one by one, all the buttons of his fly, revealing his tight silk briefs, just showing a glimpse of his huge hard cock. She gently pulled at his jeans, and he stepped out of them.

Then Jeannie really got to work on his cock, through the fine silk material of his briefs. She traced a finger gently around first one ball, then the other, then drew all her fingertips up along his cock, from just below his balls, between them, watching them shift, then the full length of the most sensitive side of his cock, until she reached the head. Cliff was groaning with pleasure, his hand on her arm, helping. She then traced a circular rubbing motion with her fingers, which made him ooze pre-cum, wetting the fabric substantially. She then slipped her fingers into the legs of the briefs, where his distended cock had pulled the material away, and gently stroked the hair and the smooth pink skin which she could reach. She bent down and darted her tongue in around the same places, which made Cliff gasp. Naughtily, Jeannie lifted the briefs away from him, took the head of his cock in her mouth for one moment, then replaced the briefs and carried on stroking the outside for the moment, before gently taking the briefs off him.

Cliff's cock was bursting when Jeannie revealed it in its full glory, stiff, engorged and dripping with pre-cum. Jeannie massaged it a little, then pulled the skin downwards and gently licked the tip, looking up at Cliff for approval. He had his eyes closed, transported. A little bolder, Jeannie then took the head in her mouth and sucked firmly. Cliff sighed, and put his hand on her head to draw her closer. Very carefully, she took in more of his cock until it filled her mouth, and began to touch her throat. Cliff kept very still for her, not wishing to frighten her, and gradually she took in all she could. Cliff loved the feel of this new, wet, tight enclosure, and just stood still and enjoyed as Jeannie tentatively moved his cock in and out of her mouth. At one point she took it out, and kissing the head, then moved down the shaft, kissing firmly as she went, all the way down the shaft, all the way up again, and another firm kiss for the head. Cliff could not contain himself, and although he warned Jeannie that he was about to come, she resolutely stayed there and took it all in as Cliff groaned and shot a huge load into her mouth. She sucked hard, and milked his cock with her mouth, until he was still and spent.

Cliff awoke, disorientated for a moment, then realised he was still on the plane, and the hostess was telling him to fasten his seat belt as the aircraft made its descent into Heathrow. His cock was still stiff and his balls ached, and added to that he was headachy after his heavy sleep. They landed safely. Cliff bought a coffee while he was waiting to reclaim his luggage. Beginning to wake up a little, he went through to Arrivals where Jeannie was meeting him.

As he spotted her beyond the barrier, she saw him at the same time, they waved, smiled, and all tiredness went from Cliff. He was soon through the barrier and in her arms, pulling her to him, feeling again her curves. They had a deep, lingering kiss right there in the crowded hall, before moving off to the car park, chattering, both talking at once, about arrangements, journeys, plans. 

In the lift they had chance for a quick kiss, Cliff squeezing one of Jeannie's breasts, she briefly stroking his bottom, before the doors exposed them to the public once again. Once in the car, Cliff began to relax, and as they sped along the M4, the M25 and then the Great North Road, he even began to sleep a little. They stopped once for coffee on the way, quiet but relaxed, and eventually got to Jeannie's home on the Fens.

By then it was late evening, and Jeannie prepared them both an omelette, followed by some fruit and accompanied by a pot of tea. They chatted some more about the journey, and Jeannie could see that Cliff was getting tired. She disappeared for a couple of minutes, and re-appeared wearing nothing but a silk bathrobe. She led Cliff through to the bathroom, where a warm bath was being run to which she had added some relaxing bath oil, and she slowly and sensuously took off his clothes, enjoying smoothing her hands over his body, first through the material, then on his bare flesh. With this attention, his cock was beginning to harden again. When he was undressed, Jeannie threw off the robe to reveal her naked body, exactly as he remembered it, ripe, womanly, aroused, and just waiting for his pleasure.

Jeannie had Cliff step into the bath and sit, while she leaned over and, with cupped hands, poured warm water and bath oil over Cliff's body, rubbing it around his shoulders and neck, massaging as she went, then working her way round to his chest, his belly, his thighs. At that point, she took some lather from the bath water and liberally soaped his cock, bringing it to full hardness, and to his delight, she stepped into the bath too, and lowered her pussy onto his cock, all the way in. While fully penetrated, she moved around slowly and deliberately, and they both began to moan with pleasure. Jeannie took more lather, spread it on her breasts, and embraced Cliff closely, so that her soft slippery body rubbed against his, and her nipples grew hard from the contact.

They enjoyed themselves thus for a while, then Jeannie pushed forward on him so that her clit was being rubbed by the root of his cock, and after several strokes like that, she cried out in ecstasy as her climax came, clinging onto Cliff, kissing him tenderly, her arms wrapped tightly around him. She then took his cock out of her, and with more lather from the bath oil, she massaged his cock with both hands, until he climaxed too, and jets of his semen erupted from his straining cock and landed on him and in the water. When he was satisfied, Jeannie gently washed his body with handfuls of the warm water and bath oil. They both emerged from the bath, and dried themselves with soft, plump bath towels.

As the jet lag was beginning to hit Cliff by then, Jeannie settled him in her bed, and, still naked, lay with him for quite some time, just holding him and making him feel good until he slept. Jeannie meanwhile got on with things, making further plans which involved Cliff in the next few days...

(to be continued if interest exists....)