 The kitchen was sweltering and she swiped away the wisps of hair stuck to her forehead. It might be madness inside the kitchen, but at least it was her controlled chaos. The entire family had converged on her house for a pre-Christmas dinner that had somehow lasted three days so far.

She had kicked them all out of the house at ten this morning. She loved her family, really, but she didn't want them in her hair any longer. She couldn't get anything done. Chores kept piling up while she entertained three generations of the bloodline; nights she would have worked late she had ended up at home on time since she had company.

And goddamn, but she was horny. She hadn't seen him in over a month between his training somewhere in bum fuck Egypt and her own company trip up to DC last week. He had called Thursday evening to let her know he was back, but that was the same night the family congregated -- a day early, promising to stay through Monday, wasn't it great that everyone got the time off work?!?! -- and he had said he didn't want to intrude. She was supposed to call him once the hungry hordes headed back to their respective homes.

Thank God it was Sunday and they were all clearing out tomorrow.

She checked the Tuscan chicken simmering on the stove and replaced the lid before going back to the sauces she was stirring. The chocolate was fragrant as it melted and the sweet crème anglais was setting nicely. Dinner should go perfectly, then everyone would settle in to watch TV for the night, go to bed early and be out the door at sunrise for their drives home. Perfect. She was whisking the chocolate down when her cell phone jingled. She grabbed the phone off the counter and stuck it between her shoulder and ear.

"Hello?"

"Hey, beautiful."

She smiled. "Hey yourself, handsome. What's up?"

"Just calling to say hi."

"Well, then, hello."

"How's it going?"

She sighed. "Going. They leave tomorrow. And I love 'em, but God, I want them out of my house."

"Are they all still there?"

"No, I shoved them out the door this morning and told them not to come back till dinner time."

"Really?" He got that tone in his voice that always made her all shivery and warm inside. "And what time is dinner?"

She leaned against the counter and continued to stir the chocolate. "Not till six."

"Hmm, and it's only five now. That's a whole hour that you're all alone. What are you doing?"

"Cooking dinner and thinking of you."

"That's good to hear. What are you thinking about?"

She smiled. "All this chocolate sauce I'm making that would taste wonderful as I sucked it off your cock."

"Mmmmm, jumped right into that one, didn't you."

"Yep. What about you?"

"Well, funny you should ask..."

He paused and she frowned into the phone. "Why is it funny that I should ask?"

The back door opened behind her and she spun around to see who she had to yell at to go away for the next sixty minutes. But she didn't have to yell after all.

He walked in along with a burst of cold, clear wind. Damn, she thought, he looked good. And she realized that she had missed him while they were apart. Or maybe she was just really horny.

They snapped their cell phones closed at the same time. She stayed at the counter, slowly stirring her chocolate, and asked, "How'd you know they were gone?"

He grinned. "You know better than to ask such a silly question."

Yeah, he had a point. The man was always right he knew damn near everything.

"You mentioned chocolate?" He nodded toward the stove.

"Why yes, I did." She smiled, knowing the next hour was about to fly by.

He placed his phone on the kitchen table and took off his coat, hanging it over a chair. She boosted herself onto the counter and turned down the heat under the chocolate. He stepped into the space between her knees and she wrapped her legs around his waist, her arms curling around his warm shoulders and into his cold hair.

"Welcome home," she whispered before diving into the kiss.

He pulled her head back by the hair and stabbed into her mouth with his tongue. Their hands simultaneously went to each other's shirts, undoing buttons with all haste. His fingers were cold as they dipped into her bra and her nipples pebbled at his touch. 

His chest was hard and warm against her hands. She scratched her nails down his ribs just to hear him hiss in a breath and grinned.

"We gotta be fast," she whispered. "They'll be home and screaming for food in an hour."

"Not a problem," he assured her. He cupped the back of her head and pushed her flat onto the counter. Her shirt fell open and he quickly unsnapped the front closure of her bra so that it too fell aside. When his mouth latched onto her hard nipple, she whimpered and gripped his hair.

God, his teeth and tongue felt so good on her skin. He nibbled and sucked and she felt the tug through her stomach and into her pussy. The wetness between her legs rushed down to soak her panties.

With her eyes closed as she savored the sensations, she never saw him take the whisk from the pan of chocolate on the stove and wave it over her nipple. The chocolate dripped onto her skin, seared with heat, and his tongue was there to lave it away before the pain registered as anything more than a turn on.

"Mmm, that's tasty," he said.

"Thanks," she moaned as he licked more sweetness away. "Glad you're enjoying it."

"Oh, I am." He drizzled more chocolate around her breasts and ribs. As he cleaned it up, she felt his hands at the zipper of her jeans. She braced one foot on the counter and lifted her hips to help him get the pants off. She knew what was coming and was more than happy to help him divest her of her own clothing. The denim dropped down to her ankles and caught there on her shoes, but she didn't care.

He dipped a finger in the chocolate then swiped it across her lower belly. He licked that away, then painted her entire pussy with the hot chocolate. Her hips jerked toward his questing finger and she sucked in a breath at the heat between her legs. Then his tongue was there, eating away the chocolate, stabbing into her hole, swirling around her hard little clit.

With her fingers in his hair, she pushed his face closer, writhing against him and begging for more.

"I want you to come for me, I want to feel you come all over my face," he urged.

She wanted that too. His tongue circled her clit, faster and harder, and her hips followed. Her breathed panted in and out of her lungs as the tension coiled tighter in her belly. She was almost there, just a step away from that cliff, when he shoved his face even tighter against her wet pussy and flattened his tongue against her clit. The pressure sent her over and she moaned through the orgasm. As her body clenched and shuddered, he drank up the liquid that rushed out of her pussy.

"Jesus," she whispered.

He smiled up at her smugly and said, "You're welcome."

"Your turn," she announced and slid off the counter in front of him. When her legs buckled, he grabbed her waist and grinned at her.

"Shut up," she grumbled and he chuckled.

She moved to undo his pants, but he caught her hands and brought them back up to his chest.

"I don't want you to go down on me right now, because I don't know how long I'll last. I just want to get inside you."

Again, he gave her no warning, just shuffled her toward the kitchen table and bent her over it. The tabletop was cold against her bare skin and she shivered in response. It was only seconds before he guided her hands to grip the edges of the table. She tried to spread her legs, but the denim caught at her ankles kept them tighter than she preferred. She started to raise up to remove her jeans, but he pushed her back down.

"Stay there."

"But I want to take off my jeans."

"I want them on, so be quiet."

She huffed, then squealed when his teeth sank into the cheek of her ass. Finally, his hard cock pressed between her thighs. He ran the thick head of it up and down the crack of her ass, then spread her legs the little they would go and slammed home. She grunted in pleasure and heard his groan as well.

With the table pressing into her belly and her legs so close together, she felt his dick inside her bigger and harder than ever before. She loved it.

He gripped her hips to keep her steady and began to pump in and out. Her skin was so sensitized from her previous orgasm that she felt the second one build in just seconds. She squirmed back against him, pressing her ass closer to his hips every time he would shove into her again.

His rhythm was steady and heavy, just enough to keep her on edge, which he knew perfectly well. Oh, she wanted this second climax, could feel that it was bigger and better than the first, but he wouldn't take her over.

"Fuck me, please," she begged. "Harder."

"Why do you want it harder?" he asked.

"I want to come. I'm so close." She writhed against the table, hoping to put enough pressure on her clit to bring it on.

"How close?"

"Stop asking questions and fuck me!" she panted. The tension was there in her belly, swirling around so close to explosion, and yet he wouldn't let her come.

Releasing the table, she slid one arm down figuring to just finger herself to climax. He didn't seem to like that idea though. With a chiding sound, his big, hot body suddenly came down over her back and took both her hands in his. His weight got her that pressure from the table right against her clit. At the same time, she could tell by his breathing that he was close as well.

He sank his teeth into her nape and slammed his cock into her one last time and they came together. Her body milked his dry and she felt him come inside her, pumping and spurting, hot and wet.

His weight pressed her into the hard table, but they were both so sated that it didn't seem to matter that she couldn't breathe and he was balanced on the ball of one foot.

"Chicken smells good," he finally said, and she grinned.