 Damn, another Holiday party. 

Ah yes, here we are again, the annual holiday party at my bosses palatial mansion. Need to put on my mature professional face and pretend like I'm having fun. I'm by myself again, but certainly open to any opportunities that may arise... so to speak.

I first saw you mingling with your colleagues and we found ourselves exchanging flirtatious glances from across the room. When you made your way to the punch bowl I immediately took the opportunity to approach you. We made casual conversation that soon became provocative with a generous amount of sexual innuendos. At least the music was decent and I led you to the dance floor. The night wore on and we danced, drank, laughed and danced again. 

The floor was packed and we embraced as a slow song played. My hands began roaming a bit and I found myself caressing your ass and pressing you firmly against my body. I'm sure you could feel the erection that was growing in my pants and you looked at me and smiled showing your approval. The dress you were wearing was quite revealing. Being 6 ft. tall has its advantages when the girl you are dancing with has a loose fitting blouse with a very low neck line and delicious looking b-cup breasts.

The song ended, you excused yourself and I watched as you walked up the staircase to use the upstairs bathroom. Having the same need, I walked up to wait in line outside the door. When I arrived at the door, I found myself the only person waiting while you freshened up. The door was open just a crack and I could see you lifting your skirt. Ryan, get a grip on yourself I thought. Don't be such a perv. I then noticed my cock starting to get hard and I reached down and grabbed it, squeezing and feeling the desire of wanting to fuck.

As much as I try to be a gentleman, the animal urge more often than not, seems to get the best of me. As you stood and began to dress, I pushed open the door. You let out a short gasp, and whispered, Ryan, what the fuck. You awkwardly reached to pull your panties up and I grabbed your wrist. Megan, that won't be necessary I'm going to fuck you! I need my hard cock inside your pussy... and you need to be fucked tonight!

I held you, and we kissed, my hand sliding down your belly and finding its way to your pussy, still damp with your pee. Megan, do you know how much I've wanted to fuck you tonight? My fingers slid inside your hole and I rubbed your clit with my thumb, then finger fucked you until I could feel the slick, sticky texture of a wet aroused pussy. You unbuttoned my pants and stroked my stiff cock. Your hands reached underneath and fondled my full warm balls. Precum from the head of my cock dripped onto your wrist. That's right baby, feel how much cum I have in my balls for you.

I turned you toward the toilet, bent you over and cupping my hand gave you a rather stinging spank to your right ass cheek, then I removed your panties which were still at your knees and I lifted you're right leg onto the toilet seat. I knelt, spreading your crack and exposing your sexy asshole and the inside of your pink pussy. Using my thumb to spread your pussy open, I extended my tongue and slid it as deep as I could into your cunt, my nose pressed hard against your pussy and asshole as I licked and tasted you. I withdrew my tongue and noticed your clit protruding from the hood covering it. Being opportunistic, I pulled your ass closer to my face so that I could reach the top of your pussy and gently sucked your clit into my warm wet mouth. My mouth made love to your clit, teasing it, sucking it in and bathing it with my warm tongue. Your legs quivered and I held my hand under your ass, supporting you as you orgasmed, my mouth and tongue still massaging your clit.

Standing, I slid my cock into your pussy, driving it deep into your tight fuck hole. You gripped the wall behind the toilet as I grabbed your ass and fucked up into your pussy with a steady rhythm. Each time my dick pulled out, your tight pussy lips would wrap around my shaft, clinging to my cock leaving a wet trail of cum, then disappearing as I fucked back into your hole. A ring of white cum formed at the base of my shaft.

Damn Megan, your pussy is incredible. I can't believe how fucking tight you are! I took my right hand, lubed it with saliva and reached under you're leg to rub you're clit while I continued to pound your tight little pussy hole. You moaned and cried out with each thrust of my cock, uhh, uhh, uhh. Baby, my cock feels so good sliding into your sexy fuck hole. It's milking the cum from my balls!

At that moment, we heard laughter and people talking just outside the door. Then, a knock, Hey, there's a line out here! Almost done!!, I stuttered trying to catch my breath. The entire situation was so erotic and risque. I'm fucking your tight wet cunt against the toilet, my dick sliding into your pussy with your leg raised up, pussy and asshole in full view and a group of people listening just outside the door. That thought sent me over the edge!. 

I put your leg down and with one hand gripping your shoulder and the other grasping your hair I had perfect leverage to drive my dick deep and hard up into your pussy. Your ass slapped against me and my large full balls and nut sac banged against your pussy and clit with each fuck. I began feeling my cum rising from my balls, I yelled out fuuuuck, I'm gonna nut inside you baby, I began shooting hot wet spurts of cum into your tight pussy and as I squeezed the last drop of cum from my cock, I pulled back, leaving my hot load of creamy sperm dripping from your hole. 

I struggled to get my still hard boner back into my pants and you stood, cum still dripping from your pussy as you bent to put your panties on and skirt back in order. The entire front of your panties were soaked from the cum load that was dripping from your pussy. Hmmm you smiled, you certainly know how to give a girl a good fuck!

We opened the door and were greeted by 2 girls and a guy giggling and looking at us as we smiled and walked downstairs. We laughed as we walked back into the living room to mingle a bit and just then, the owner of the company walked up and said hey, Merry Christmas! As we made casual talk with the owner, his eyes kept glancing at you're leg and I couldn't help but notice a string of my cum slowly meandering down your calf. You looked at me and winked, knowing full well what was transpiring. How was the food tonight, the owner asked? Good, good, we especially liked the desert table and that awesome cream pie!