 My name is Rachel. It was the end of my first year at college and I was on holiday backpacking in Sydney, Australia with my best friend Samantha. It was a great place to holiday, the sun , beach and the causal Australians, but we had been there a month and we both were not meeting any guys. We were not bad looking girls and we dressed up really sexy in the new Sydney summer fashion with really short minis that hugged the butt and tight little tops and went clubbing each night, but the Australians didn't approach us. Each night we girls went back to the backpacker hostel alone.

It had been 2 months since I broke up with my boyfriend and I was feeling so frustrated. We both had thought we would have holiday romances or at least some dates, but this was a dry season. Being on holiday and seeing all these hunky guys on the beach, sometimes just lying sunbathing and imagining erotic interludes only made things worse. I was getting to feel like a frustrated teenager, hungry for some raw animalistic sex. To be really honest I masturbated almost daily in the bath but it was not making things better. I only got to feel more irritated and I felt like exploding from pent up sexual frustration. Sam and I were even turning into bitchy little monsters, and taking it out on each other. Then suddenly the one and only day we had a fight and Sam went to the beach alone and met a guy in the surf whom asked her out. This only made me feel even worse. 

"What is wrong with me?" I asked myself.

Sam had already gone out when I awoke from an afternoon nap. I was bored. I eventually pulled myself up and decided it would be best to get out, even if only for a walk to the nearest bookshop. I put on a pair of causal jeans and a plain black t-shirt and headed downstairs. As I was going out of the hostel lobby I stopped in front of the notice board and read this advert.

Newly qualified masseuse – 30 minutes massage special promotion, free to first10 calls. Call David. I loved massages and if not for the tight travelling budget I would go for one now.

I tore off the number and went into the call box to try call it.

"Hi, David speaking". I paused, not sure if I should hang up, but then just continued in a bit of a broken voice.

"Hi I read your ad and would like to know if you still have this free promotion on?" I asked him.

"You must be calling from the Oxford hostel" he asked me.

"Yes I am, well is the free massage promotion finished?" I asked.

"No, its still on but I can only come over at 8pm as I am at another day job right now" he explained. 

"What is your name so I can book you in to my diary?" he went on to ask.

"My name is Rachel and I am in room 101. The room is booked under the name Sam, my room mate if they ask at reception" 

I needed to get some dinner so I quickly went down the road to McDonalds. It was 7:45pm so I quickly ate a burger and fried and made my way back to the hostel to wait for David. My room was in such a mess so I quickly threw Sam's clothes into the cupboard and threw my loose clothes into my suitcase. I was hanging up the towels in the bathroom when I heard a knock on the door. 

I opened the door. There was a cute guy probably early thirties standing there looking like he was at the wrong place. He was dressed in a suit holding a brown paper bag. It looked like he was turning up to a job interview at a bank. He was probably not David.

"Hi, are you Rachel. I am David", he said. 

"Come in", I invited him in, moving aside to let him squeeze in between the cheap beds in this tiny hostel room.

He seemed quite nervous, but then maybe I was the nervous one. He is the professional masseur I thought to myself. 

"How long are you visiting Sydney for? " he asked me, in an Australian accent.

He was being friendly and chatting away as we stood facing each other.

After a few friendly questions about my holiday and where I came from etc, he suddenly said, "Well, I am here to give you the special promotion free massage. Are there any injuries I should know about?" he asked me.

"No, other than sore feet from walking all over Sydney and a bit of a bad tan" I joked with him.

"You can take off your suit jacket if you want" I offered, and then took it from him as he passed it to me and placed it folded over on the suitcase.

"I am a bit unprepared as I came here directly from another job. Do you have 2 towels and can we use the bed as a massage table" he shyly asked me. 

"Oh yes, also do you have a match? I am going to light an aromatherapy burner to put a relaxing scent in the air, and do you have a relaxing CD to play?, he asked.

I passed him a match as I looked through my CD's.

"How about some George Benson?" I asked.

"Yeah, that will do" he answered as I put it on. I went to the bathroom and fetched 2 of the white, starched, dried out hostel towels and I laid them on the bed.

I could smell the strong scent permeating the room.

"The massage I give is a therapeutic full body relaxation massage. Unless you prefer a deep tissue massage in a particular area?" he went on sounding very professional. 

"No, the relaxation one sounds just what I need. Thank you" I answered.

"Ok. We should get started. I will lie the one towel down on your bed so that the oil doesn't destroy your sheets. You will need to get undressed and lie down with the other towel around you. It's up to you if you want to leave your panties and bra on or not. I will go outside and I will come back in a few minutes to give you time to get ready." He instructed me.

David left the room. I pulled my t-shirt off, unclasped my bra and threw them into the cupboard. I sat on my bed and pulled my jeans off. I thought to myself about wether I should take my panties off or keep them on? I would have a towel on anyway I contemplated to myself. No ways! I would feel so strange, and vulnerable. I realised that I felt a tinge of horniness at the idea, but I couldn't do it. I swung to the other extreme and went into the bathroom to find my bikini bottoms to put on instead. They were soaking wet still from yesterday at the beach. I looked for a pair of bikini panties but I could only find g-strings like the one I had on already.

"Rachel, I am coming in, hope you are ready now" David was shouting from outside the room. I quickly threw the towel around me and lay on the bed.

The door opened and David came back in. He told me to relax while he opened the cap of the oil bottle. I noticed that he was still in his suit and tie, not good attire to be handling oil.

"David, you may spill oil on your suit or tie, don't you have something else to put on?" I asked him. 

"Normally I wear shorts and a t-shirt but I came here straight from a business meeting and I never had my gym bag with me", he said.

I felt bad, as he would ruin his expensive clothes. 

"I would lend you some shorts but you are much bigger than me" I said to him. 

I was a petite size 8 - small and he was a medium build guy. Sam was just a little bigger than I was so her clothes wouldn't fit him either.

I felt the towel being pulled down my back and gathering around my lower back. I then felt two strong hands warm and firm massaging down the length of my spine. It was heavenly. 

I was troubled that David would spill oil on his clothes. An idea came to me. 

"Hey, David, go to the cupboard and take out my gym bag. Its black" I instructed him. 

"Yes, got it, what do you want from it", he replied.

"Open it up and take out the black spandex shorts" I went on.

"Try them on. They are stretchy so will fit you and you won't have to worry about the oil destroying your suit" 

"I can't wear these, they look tiny anyway" he replied.

"Just put them on they will stretch" I persisted.

David turned around and I heard his pants drop. I didn't look.

"Do you have them on. How are they?" I asked.

"Pretty damn tight but they will do. Thank you." He said.

He massaged my back and shoulders for about 10 minutes. It felt so good. Once or twice his hands brushed the side of my large 34C breasts as he was doing the downstroke. I didn't think he intended to do it, but it got my mind going and I my brain started imagining things, sexual thoughts again. I tried to think of something else, but I felt a tightness and throbbing ache emerge from my pelvis. It was probably pent-up sexual frustration from not having sex for so long.

After each day at he beach, sun tanning and absorbing the rays of the sun, I would come home have a bath and masturbate. It didn't give me relief. In fact, it made things worse. I just felt more and more horny. So having my breasts stroked, even if in advertently was no good now. I was like a time bomb, ready to explode.

He suddenly moved down to my toes, ankle and calf muscle and massaged them slowly, up and down, up and down. He then massaged my hamstrings up and down, up and down ending at the bottom of my towel. The feeling of the warm oil and strong male hands on m y body was invigorating. I wanted him to massage me more freely. We hadn't spoken since he started the massage. 

Out of nowhere I suddenly said, "actually I have quite sore hips from yoga I did yesterday. Can you do anything to make it better"

"Sure I was about to do that next," he said, as he pulled my towel down another centimetre at the top to try and get access to my hips". 

As he did this I yanked the towel off to the side, so he can get access, knowing quite well that he would have my full butt in a g-string in view. But the idea of that excited me greatly. I felt another spasm of sexual excitement deep in my pussy.

I lifted my finger and pushed it into my glut and said, "here is where it's sore".

I felt a splash of oil and fingers kneading into my butt. He rotated his palm about my butt and it felt quite good. I turned my head to face the other side of the bed and realised I had not looked at him since the start. I saw him standing besides me wearing my skintight spandex shorts I wear to yoga. He had no shirt on and I could see his balls and cock sticking straining and stretching out against the black shiny stretchy material. This only made me more excited. I could not help looking at his package so filled with raw manhood. While I was looking trying to see if I could get a view of his ass with the tight shorts pulling everywhere I noticed his cock getting erect. It was pulling my shorts out like a tent and I was sure I could even make out the ridges on the head of his penis. He had a long penis and it was definitely excited. This only sent pulses of sexual desire through my nervous system. My mouth was even getting dry. 

I closed my eyes and focused on the deep massage I was getting on my butt. His hands stopped for a while and then I felt the oil, too much of it, on my lower back and some dripping down my inner legs. He must have spilled the oil. I parted my legs as the oil dripped down. I felt it trickle down my butt and down the edge of my panties.

"Yeh! Sorry I lost my grip on the oil bottle." He said.

"I will rub the oil in quickly " he continued"

He massaged down the back of my legs. I felt his fingers fan out and massage right close to my crotch almost getting near to the edge of my panties. 

"That's good, I really hurt those muscles stretching at yoga", I said in a quiet muffle.

On the next repeat of this stroke I parted my legs considerably to give him better access. I hoped that he would not be able to see any pubic hair coming out of the sides of my panties. I k new he would have view of my pussy under my satin panties and my butt with the g-string pulling through.

I felt this oil run right down into my crotch. It tickled me and created the anticipation that the next rub would be right into my crotch. This excited me. A tingly feeling caused from the warm oil erupted around my skin. It begged to be caressed. I opened my legs even wider without realising what I had done. I then felt his dripping pool of oil centre in and run right down to my pussy.

His massage seemed to get more sensual but it only made my frustration ache more. I wished he were finished already so I could turn around and let my index finger sneak under the edge of my panties and slowly rub my engorged and swollen clitoris to climax. I so needed to feel an orgasm, which after this massage may be just enough to rid me of some of the pent up sexual frustration gathered tightly in my nerves around my pubic bone.

"Hey David, Its been a lot more than an hour now, I am sure you are tired and I am really enjoying this but I am really taking advantage now so should we wrap up" I said this not sure what or why I was saying it.

"Wow, you are right it's already an hour and ten minutes. Ok I will finish off now" David replied.

"Okay I will quickly balance your energy meridians and then its over," he said.

I held my breath as he rubbed some last oil into the top of my spine and rubbed it down with a deep stroke. He started a new stroke around my thighs and rubbed down into an arc ending on my butt crossing over my panties. He then started a third stroke on my gluts and rubbed down my thighs right down to the back of my knees, twisted his palm around and with the upward stroke gathered his fingers wide and massaged up my thigh slowly as his thumbs fanned outwards. As his palm reached the bottom of my ass cheeks he continued up and over them and applied pressured on his thumbs closing in on my panty line. I felt the satin border of the panties. His thumbs glided up my satin panties with a soft pressure, and were rubbing up each side of my pubes. He kept up with a rhythm going over them again and again. I squirmed at his touch. I grinded my hips into the bed not thinking about what he was doing and just letting him go on while I enjoyed the waves of pleasure take over my body. I hope he didn't hear my whimper. I didn't move. 

I knew he was standing between my legs and had a good view up my panties and I imagined him looking and perving at my pussy and that thought just turned me on more. I was wet inside. The excitement was painful. My nerves were at end. Suddenly I felt that touch again this time it pressed hard against my pussy, I could not help but to shudder and shake from the touch. I so wanted more. 

"Ok, one more stroke to balance the energies", he blurted out suddenly. 

I kept quiet as he once again put his fingers onto the top of my spine and started the slow downward stroke again. He took the stroke right through over her butt cheeks and down to my ankles. He then lifted one foot and kneaded the bottom of it, pulling it outward and placing it down wide apart and then did the same with the other foot.

I was not sure if he was teasing me on purpose but every once in a while I felt his fingers come in close to my erogenous zones. I did not say anything. I acted dumb. I wished for another brush against me, but instead he started massaging my feet again. I let the excitement from the last touch linger and I let my thoughts wander as to how excited David was. How hard was his cock pressing against my shorts. I wanted to look at it but he was standing behind me and I could not see anything with my face lying to the side.

He then kneaded my calf muscles and moving upwards, he kneaded my hamstrings. He had stretched my legs wide apart and I knew by now he had a view of my pussy. I felt my panties pull into my pussy and I knew he could probably see my slit and pubes. 

I felt soaked in my pussy and I wondered if he could notice anything through my panties.

Any minute now and I can get into the shower and lather my pussy with soap and touch that swollen clit to orgasm, I thought to myself. 

He moved his hands from the hamstrings to the gluts and then he massaged my gluts and kneaded on top of the little white triangle at the top of my g-string. I was so sexed up now. My nipples had hardened and I felt that soreness from lust biting inside. 

He let his fingers drop down and massaged my pubes directly. This time I knew that he knew what he was doing. He continued and pushed his fingers onto my panties, pushing them right into my pussy lips and then out again repeatedly. 

I could not hold it in I let out a sigh loud enough for him to hear. I sort of slipped into a little orgasm. My pussy juices just rushed in and I felt this intense heat overcome me. I felt ripples and shivers as a wave of pleasure erupted deep inside my pussy and rushed to all my other parts of my body. 

David's touch disappeared so I assumed it was the end of the massage. It had been about 90 minutes already so I grabbed the towel and held it to cover my tits as I turned over to face him. I felt bad for keeping him here so long. I was taking advantage of this poor guy's free offer. It was only supposed to be 30 minutes introductory massage. 

"Oh well, that's it for today" he said.

I lifted my torso upward and held the towel to keep myself covered and I turned to face David. He had a great body, he had a hairy chest and he had a huge erect cock sticking out of my tight shorts. You could clearly see like a second skin his full big balls and a long hard penis with a huge head straining and stretching out of my shorts. I noticed it was wet at the tip, with some sort of white spit coming out of my shorts. 

He went red with embarrassment. 

I didn't know what to do so I just let raw passion take over and I moved closer to him. I was still sitting on the bed with the towel covering me. I let it drop off my tits and I sat in front of him and with my hands I grabbed his butt and clenched my nails into it from behind. I had some force in my vicious move and I somehow yanked him forward. I then put my hand over his cock and I stroked it over my shorts. I saw him staring at my big boobs. My nipples were long and erect and were pointed downwards as my breasts fell down with gravity when I leaned over towards him. I took his erection into my hands but left it insides the lycra shorts, and I put it into my mouth with the pants and all. The lycra was thin so I felt the warmth of his cock as I slid his penis's head in between my lips. I pulled at his cock with my right hand as I moved up and down his erection, sucking it. The stretchy pants just pulled with me. 

He took my nipples into his right hand and twisted them. I was loud and vocal now, breathing heavily and squirming. I held his balls tight and squeezed them so hard I knew he might explode. His cock erupted and spurt out cum into the pants into my mouth. I squeezed his balls again and milked him and again he had a second spurt and a third and fourth. He squealed and he reached down to my panties, pulling them aside and pushing a finger into my pussy. It was hot and soaked and his finger slid in easily. He was pushing it in and out ferociously, when I lifted my head off his cock. He sat on the bed now next to me and continued to touch my throbbing pussy. 

I pulled my panties off and opened my legs very wide. He went down with my mouth and put my clit in between his teeth and gnawed at it. I was crying in ecstacy as he continued applying pressure on it with his tongue. He went up and down bobbing his face on it while still vibrating a finger in the depths of my soaking wet pussy juices. I could not hold out any longer as I felt the orgasms explode and tremour inside me, sending vibrating waves through my core. I screamed so loud that the whole floor would have heard. I clenched my body and closed my eyes tight as he rammed 2 fingers up my pussy, as I shook in orgasmic delight. 

I realised that I had cum. I was all sweated out. I opened my eyes and smiled. David stood up and I laughed as his white creamy cum was oozing out of my stretchy shorts.

This is a true story. David ended up being my holiday romance and he told me this interesting truth just before I left Australia for home. This is it in his words...
