 After our shower I was ready for breakfast. Ann had beaten me downstairs, and as I descended the staircase, I could smell the distinct aroma of pancakes coming from the kitchen. Arriving into the kitchen, Ann looked over her shoulder at me and smiled, she looked fantastic in everything, even this morning in simple red sweatpants, and red t-shirt, topping off her look was a Santa style hat, very appropriate for this morning I thought.

"Morning Santa, I don't have to ask what's for breakfast!" I said cheerily.

"Your favorite, blueberry pancakes" she responded.

Damn I love this woman. I thought to myself as I settled into a chair at the table and poured myself some orange juice. The pancakes slide in front of me seconds later, after Ann had made a plate for herself we began eating together.

"So what prompted last night?" I asked casually, trying to avoid my obvious excited reaction to one of the most amazing sexual experiences of my life.

"Well," she paused for a long time; searching for the right words her eyes didn't break my stare before she continued. "You've been so good to me this year, I mean, with me changing jobs, all the crap with my sister, and my dad's health problems, you've been my 'rock'. I couldn't have made it emotionally through the year without you. Truthfully, I've never had anyone care about me as selflessly as you do."

That was a lot to take in this early in the morning. But I continued to listen intently.

"You've supported me in ways that no one else was able to. You've done things far and above what I could ever ask of anyone. Because of that, I feel secure with you, I feel safe. That security has gotten rid of any inhibitions I might have had, and I want to make you happy. I want to try new things with you, and experience new places, and..." she smirked "new people". That last comment was directed at Alison, the waitress from my birthday, who joined us in our bed last night. She was a present for me from Ann for Christmas, and what a gift last night turned out to be. From Ann's reaction, she clearly had no second thoughts about last night and that was a relief.

She returned to eating, as I thought about my response. This was probably the greatest compliment I could receive from her. I needed to say something but words seem to fall short.

"Sweetheart I can't possibly respond to that effectively. The way I feel about you transcends the words that describe feelings. All I can say to you is that you are also my rock, and while you have shared that I've been there for you, know that you have also been there for me. I also feel safe with you, I feel comfortable completely turning myself over to you, and I love you very much. If last night is any indication of how intense our feelings are for each other, I look forward to every single day with you."

Whew, I hope I got my point across. She just looked at me for a long time, smiling. I think it was enough. We finished our breakfast, I cleared the table and put the dishes in the dishwasher and we headed to the Christmas tree, where I had a surprise or two for Ann as well.

To my own surprise there was a huge box under our tree amongst the other much smaller packages. We sat down and I handed her my first gift for her. She opened it and was happy with the new shirt and jeans I bought for her. She handed me my first, also a new pair of jeans. 

'Typical' I thought, we both got the boring presents first, saving the best for last. We continued to open the few gifts we had purchased for each other until her wound up with just two left. The big package for me; another ultra small one was for her. I handed hers to her; she began to unwrap it, when she realized it was a jewelry box she got more excited. 

She smiled at me, and then directed her attention to the red velvety box in her palm, opened it, and squealed as if she just had an orgasm. She leaped onto the couch with me, planting a sloppy kiss on my lips. "I Love them!' she exclaimed.

"You sure?" I inquired.

"Oh my god yes!" she quickly responded. "And you'll love how they look with this.." as she handed me my gift she began putting on the diamond earrings I had bought for her. They attached high on her ears with small ¼ carat diamonds, and hung on tiny platinum rope strands leading to 3 more diamonds of increasing sizes, and finally a cluster of 3 more diamonds set in a triangle pattern, all of them were Princess Cut and had a clarity of V1, they set me back thousands, but the look on her face was worth it. 

I began to open my gift, as I did; I realized there were more boxes inside. I opened the first, a set of black stiletto 5 inch heels with a clear acrylic 3 inch lift along the bottom. 

Stripper shoes, I thought to myself. "I don't know if these are my size baby," I said surprisingly. 

She giggled, the earrings dangling from her succulent lobes, "Just keep opening silly". 

I did, the next box produced a mint green and black lace corset. "I like what I see here, even if it isn't my size," I said jokingly knowing full well, this was all for her, and eventually for me to enjoy on her.

Another smaller box produced matching mint green and black silk thong, so small I don't know how she was going to get it on.

The final box was heavy, I opened it and found the bottle of Crème de Menthe that I had had picked up last week from my errand to the store. I looked at her inquisitively.

"You'll see, Tiger, you'll see..." she stated coyly, then she snapped, "Stay here!" and she clutched all the clothing from out of my lap and ran out of the room and up the stairs to the bedroom. My cock throbbed once at the thought of her returning wearing what I had just unwrapped.

Wow, interesting gifts I thought as I waited patiently. I looked at the watch she had given me, a Breitling Montbrilliant Datora. It was silver, with a large white face in their chronograph style. The watch I've been wanting for a couple months now. Having a watch fetish is an expensive vise, but one she enjoyed feeding me. This was going to be a nice addition to my growing collection. 

I heard the bedroom door open and footsteps slowly make their way down he stairs. First her feet and legs came into view as she descended. The heels accentuated her strong calves and tightening her thighs. As her body came into view it nearly took my breath away, the mint green corset was tight, hugging her torso, showing off her hourglass figure, and pressing her breasts out of the top like those dresses you see in movies set in classical Europe. They bounced and jiggled beautifully as she set her stiletto down on each step, she'd drawn her hair up into kind of a ponytail but pinned the longer parts back up so her neck was bare, showing off her new earrings which sparked at me from the other room. She was smiling wide, knowing fully well her long walk was getting me stiffer with every step.

She entered the room, and moved to the stereo, showing her back to me, the plunging back barely covered her sexy back and the thong was completely hidden between her round, tight little ass cheeks. My cock throbbed hard now, pitching a tent in my cotton pants. She switched on some modern Christmas music....didn't really seem as wholesome as it was intended given her clothing. She moved to me, pressing her finger to her lips, telling me not to make a sound.

She then stood in front of me and began swaying back and forth to "Jingle Bell Rock", I watched her as she moved and swayed her hips with the beat of the music. She turned around and bent over the coffee table, pushing the presents to the floor and exposing her perfect ass directly at me. I could just see the thin, mint green fabric barely covering her tight little pussy. I wondered if she was wet.

She stood up onto the table and continued her gyrating to the carol playing loudly through the stereo, constantly giving me a new angle to admire her incredible body. My cock now stood absolutely rigid in my pants. Precum began to leak from the tip and was making a noticeable wet spot at the tip of the tent I was pitching.

She kneeled on the table in front of me, reaching out with her hands and tugging at the waistband pulling them to my ankles with some struggling given her precarious angle. She then motioned to me to lose my shirt as she tossed my pants aside. I now sat in front of her, fully naked, my cock was like concrete at the sight of her, precum running out of the tip and down my long shaft. 

She climbed off the table and kneeled in front of me, looking at me with lust in her eyes. She put her hands on my knees, and slid them both up my thighs to the enormous hard-on that was now pulsing just a few inches from her grasp. She slid her tiny hands onto my heavy pole, begin to stroke it slowly. Her hands became slippery with precum and she lowered her head, momentarily removing her hands and holding my engorged head in her warm mouth. 

She slid her head down slowly, inch by inch taking all of my cock into her hot mouth, it felt so good slipping into her throat, she relaxed, and slid me entirely into her. Still looking up at me, her nose now touching my tightly trimmed public area, she moaned.

I nearly came right there, and she released her throat's grip and slid me completely out of her mouth again, and small strand of saliva not wanting to break the hold between her lips and my cock head dangled for a moment, stretched between us before succumbing and falling to her chin.

She then reached onto the floor and grabbed the bottle of alcohol, opening it and taking a deep swig into her mouth. Looking at me longingly she moved back to my cock silently, her mouth full of the mint flavored delight. Her lips pressed against the very tip of my cock tightly, so no fluid escaped and gently slid the pulsating head of my cock into her mouth.

The sensation felt wonderful, it was actually a little cool. The fluid swirled around my sensitive head, as her tongue gently danced in her mouth creating an intense feeling all over my body. She gently opened her mouth a little, allowing the minty liquid to roll down my cock and over my balls; in the cool air it felt ice cold, instantly engorging my already impressively hard cock. 

She lifted her mouth off me and gently blew cool air over my head, down my shaft and over my balls. The sensation was freezing! It felt so cold, now hardening my cock so it felt like it had been shoved into a bucket of ice water, it was painfully cold.

Then she moved her full lips back to the head of my cock, and slowly slid the angry purple head into her mouth, and the sensation instantly changed, it went from freezing cold, to outrageously hot! Her mouth felt like it was on fire, instantly warming the head of my cock. She held me in her mouth for a moment, then, with her hands on my knees, gently moved my cock deeper into her fiery cavern. As her lips passed over the length of my dick, they superheated it, sending an extraordinary sensation through my body.

I've always been hyper sensitive to hot/cold on my cock, Ann knew it, and she was now exploiting that sensitivity. She began pumping my cock in and out of her mouth, slowly and deeply with each thrust. The sensations were amazing, my cock felt cool and cold outside her mouth, but inside it was on fire.

It didn't take long watching this vixen inhale my hard tool to get to the brink of my own orgasm. All I could utter was a moan "unngghhhh" as my balls tightened every muscle in my body tensed and my cock throbbed, sending convulsions through my entire body.

As my throbbing cock began pumping my hot seed for her, she removed me from her mouth and gripped my shaft tight, jerking it wildly in her grasp. 

"Yes baby" she cooed, "cum for me, cum all over me!"

The first few shot of my warm cum gushed over her lips and splattered onto her cheeks. She smiled and giggled as my juice landed on her face, the next shots landed on her neck, warming it as I exploded all over her. Her hand continued to pump my cum out, the final spurts not making it to her face and neck but dribbling onto her ample breasts. Her white flesh had become shiny with my thick and milky goo. She took her free hand and wiped the cum from her lips into her mouth, sucking her finger clean. 

She giggled again as her hand ensured I had emptied all I had to give. She popped my cock back into her searing hot mouth, sucking hungrily and slurping on my now softening cock. She continued to milk my cock with her mouth, encouraging out every last sweet drop. The entire time she did this, she was looking up at me, she looked so sexy with me buried in her mouth. Her lips tightly wrapped around my shaft, coaxing every last drop of sweet juice onto her tongue as it swirled the head. She took me deep one last time, resting her nose into my pelvis, then slowly sliding all of my cock back out of her lips.

She rose up from her knees, bent over and kissed my lips, she tasted of mint, her swollen lips made her kiss feel sloppy and fantastic. She broke off the kiss, and I watched her stand in front of me, her breasts covered in my own warm cum nearly spilled free from the confines of their mint colored enclosure. Then without a word, she turned in those sexy heels, and headed upstairs. I watched her ass sway back and forth as she walked; all I could do was sit and stare, completely spent, for now.

She made her way up the stairs and I looked around the room, wondering what was next on this Christmas day. Whatever she had planned, I was sure to enjoy it.