 Waking up late Christmas morning, I tried to figure out if last night was an incredible dream or real. I heard Ann was in the shower cleaning up and noticed there was a note on the pillow next to me.

"Sorry I couldn't be here this morning, family obligations. I wanted to tell you thanks for last night, you were wonderful. Merry Christmas! – Alison."

Wow! I thought. That was one hell of a night. First Ann gives me an 18 year old virgin to fuck for Christmas, then she joins us for our first threesome together, and then to finish off, she lets me fuck her ass for the first time. A night of firsts, a night I would never forget. All this coming on the heels of my birthday gifts a few days ago. My relationship with Ann had done a lot of growing this week, and liked the direction it was headed.

My morning hard-on wasn't helped with those thoughts, I was now even harder. I hoped Ann wasn't too sore from last night, and thought she might enjoy taking advantage of my current state. So, I got up and went to join Ann in the shower. After last night it was time for her first present on Christmas morning.

I stood outside the shower enjoying the view silently. Ann stood in the cascading water, her eyes closed as she shampooed her hair. As she did she arched her back, pushing her cute little ass out, her stomach flattening, and her perky C cup breasts sitting full on her rib cage. Perfectly finishing them off were her small little pink nipples. I was so familiar with them I could taste and smell them just from thinking of them. All the nights I had spent laying on her chest, and perfecting the art of getting her wet from paying them a little attention, she loved the attention, and hers were about the most perfect breasts I've ever seen. Enough staring I thought, and opened the glass shower door and slipped inside.

"Hey there sleepy-head," she said smiling. Her eyes traced down my body, her eyes lit up when they saw my enormous erection. "What's that?!" she said playfully.

"Your first Christmas present." With that comment, I grabbed her hips and pressed her against the wall, I lifted her, her legs wrapped around me, and I slid her down onto my hard cock. Her pussy felt incredible, so warm and tender, yet tight, she moaned into my ear and she accepted all of my length.

"It's such a big present!" she whispered into my ear, making me smile.

We locked lips in a passionate kiss unmoving for a moment, just enjoying our bodies joined as one. Her mouth was its own universe, her tongue expertly dancing with mine, our lips, electrified over one another. Her perky, full breasts pressed firmly into my chest, I felt her nipples stiffen like bullets against my chest. I loved how hard they got. Next it was Ann who started grinding her hips up and down on "her present" first. She moaned into my mouth as she ground her hot little pussy around on my cock. 

I gently raised her against the wall a little, and began pumping my granite-like pole into her hot box. With each thrust the walls of her pussy seemed to tighten their grip on the hard mast invading the sanctity of her body. She groaned and moaned into my mouth again as we continued kissing with more urgency. The pace of my thrusting increased, she was nearly bouncing on my cock as I stood her up against the wall of the shower. 

The hot water washed over both of our bodies as she rode her present to a thundering orgasm. She threw her head back against the wall, flexed her legs hard around me, dug her nails into my back, and screamed "SCOTT!" as her entire body shuttered against mine, driving my cock even deeper into her wet cavern. Her orgasm was explosive, and she shook violently while impaled on my shaft.

Her spasming cunt gripped my cock and milked it over and over again sent me over the edge. As my balls tightened underneath her, the head of my cock erupted deep inside her, sending stream after stream of my own warm orgasmic fluid into her, coating her walls. She could feel the hot juice spraying from my cock like a fire hose trapped within her. Filling her, over and over again I spasmed uncontrollably inside her, this triggered another yet smaller, second orgasm from her, and my legs buckled, sending both of us crashing to the floor of the shower exhausted.

I laid on my back, with Ann on my chest enjoying the hot water, and quietly laid there together, just breathing. This woman was fantastic. "Merry Christmas" I told her. Did you like your first present?

"Mmmmm yes I did baby, it was wonderful...I can't wait to try it out again" she said coyly.

I just smiled, knowing that she was planning her next surprise move to ravage me later today.