 Chapter VIII Studious Model

Graham was surprised and disappointed when Beverley telephoned to tell him of her decision to take a holiday instead of returning home from the porn film location. He had been looking forward to hearing all the details about what went on there. More urgently it was the first time in their married life that they had been so long apart. Absence is supposed to make the heart go fonder and Graham was feeing strong stirrings of unsatisfied lust. In the whole of their long married life together the intervals between sexual intercourse had never exceeded four days; but now apparently it would be at least three weeks before he saw her again. He began to experience strong feelings of sexual frustration; masturbating over pornographic photographs of his wife was all very well but it came a poor second to actually being able to fuck her. To make matters worse she had not given him an address where she could be contacted.

Graham looked in the 'What's On' section of his local newspaper, hoping to find something to divert him. The local multiplex was advertising all the latest films none of which attracted him. Apart from anything else he found it rather depressing sitting in a cinema with about six other people while being blasted with a ffff sound track; not to mention the fifteen minutes of advertising which would precede the film. He turned the page and began to read the 'Personal Services' advertisements. 

There were lots of seductive massage parlours and escort agencies which he assumed were actually venues for prostitution. He wondered vaguely where he could get some kind of recommendation to avoid being ripped off; he was quite prepared to pay for sexual services just so long as he got value for money. If only he could find an enthusiastic amateur who would be prepared to come to his house. A small print text advertisement caught his eye.

Impecunious student available
For glamour/nude modelling
In your home reasonable rates

Graham was immediately attracted by the notion of a student. If it was a genuine advertisement it meant she wasn't a professional which was just what he was looking for. There was an email address given and after some thought Graham responded:

Hello, reference your ad. I am interested in using your services for a glamour/nude modelling photo shoot in my home. Please send more details including photos and your rates. I live in the Milton Keynes area. Where are you?

Graham 

Some hours later Graham received a reply.

Hello Graham, I am a nineteen-year old philosophy student at London University but I can easily travel to Milton Keynes. My rates are £70 for the first hour, paid in advance, and £50 for each subsequent hour plus travelling expenses. I have a large range of lingerie for the glamour shots and I am quite uninhibited about posing nude. I attach some recent photographs which I hope you will agree show that I am quite photogenic and not at all shy! I am only available on Tuesdays or Thursdays because of University lectures and tutorials. 

Regards

Laura

Graham opened the attachments which contained four photographs. Three of the photographs showed a dark haired girl of medium height posing provocatively in scanty lingerie which revealed that she had a very sexy body and magnificent breasts. The fourth photograph showed her standing fully dressed outside one of the London University Departments. Obviously he would only get to see her naked if he paid her to visit him! 

After several further exchanges of emails, he sent her a cheque for £70 and arranged to pick her up at Milton Keynes station the following Thursday at 09:30 am.

