 Ann and I bounded down the stairs like a couple of giddy high school kids. I was surprised to find Tina already in the kitchen dressed in a simple t-shirt and boxer shorts, a far cry from her 'fuck me' dress from yesterday, but chomping on what looked to be saltine crackers.

"Good morning!" she said cheerily to the two of us, "I was just eating some breakfast!" 

Ann and I looked at each other and laughed out loud. I looked back at Tina, "I guess you are going to learn how we do things around here...Ann get on the pancakes, I'll get started on the omelets, Tina's going to learn what breakfast is all about in our house."

Smirking at Tina, she just tossed what was left of her cracker into the sink and sat down at the table and rested her head on her arms, beginning to watch us both work to make our traditional big breakfast. Ann and I did this most weekends, and holidays when we both had time, or after any morning we had a marathon sex session and needed to refuel before heading to work.

As the plates of food arrived onto the table the three of us began eating and talking. We spoke with Tina frankly about yesterday's activities, and laid down our ground rules. She came up with a few of her own, which I was actually impressed with; as Ann mentioned, she was taking some ownership of her own accountability, this was a good sign that this arrangement might just work out.

After finishing breakfast I headed outside, hooked up the covered trailer to my truck and headed back in for Tina. We were going to spend the morning emptying her apartment and breaking her lease early. She'd now changed into a pair of tight and very short jean shorts, which showed off her legs and ass nicely. I didn't dare stare, but I enjoyed helping her into the truck just the same. 

Ann was standing in the garage as we left, "Hey stud!" she called out..." remember our ground rules..." she smiled at me and winked, letting me know she knew this was an adjustment, and that she trusted me. I'm not sure if Ann fully realized how badly I wanted to fuck her sister. Her being hot was a given, but Ann was like a wild minx in the bedroom, and part of me wanted to see if Tina was the same! She and I spending time alone together was dangerous, but I was determined to make it work.

Tina and I spent the morning as we had planned loading all her things into the trailer; she had less stuff than I originally had thought. We shared most of the heavy lifting, and Tina took care of boxing up the small stuff. It fit easily into the trailer in just a couple hours. After a short break to grab a soda, we headed over to the office to break her lease.

As I crossed the parking lot I realized this place was really a dump. The grass had not been mowed in a month, the bushes needed trimming. There was trash piled up next to the dumpsters, broken windows on a fair number of apartments. As we passed the pool it was only about half full, and the water was a murky black-green mess, no doubt harboring all kinds of disease. Even the parking lot had potholes in it large enough to swallow a small hybrid car. The office door was swung open; the lock had been recently ripped out of the door during an apparent break in.

The girl in the office was in already in a bad mood. She stated how that if we wanted to break the lease early we'd have to pay the remainder of months on the lease, and forfeit Tina's $500 deposit she'd paid only a month ago.

I surveyed the room, noting the inside of the office looked in about as much disrepair as the rest of the complex. "I tell you what Sonja," I started, noting her name plate on her desk. "How would you feel if I told you I could make 1 phone call to a judge, and close personal friend of your tenant here, and close this place down for months while the necessary repairs are made? Then have my firm represent your other 300 tenants in a class action lawsuit against you for criminal negligence and failure to provide adequate housing. How about we just tear up her contract, you can keep the deposit, and we call it even?" I stared at her coldly, unmoving, and unwavering my gaze. Tina looked back and forth between the two of us. Sonja was smart and didn't push it; she guessed I was holding all the right cards.

"You folks have a nice day now," she said with a false smile crossing her face.

I took Tina's elbow and turned her around and walked right out the door. When we got back to the truck, I opened up my checkbook and wrote Tina a check for $500. Handing it to her I said, "I probably could have gotten this back for you too, but I didn't want to give her our address to mail the check, so take this..." but she refused pushing my hand away, "I already owe you rent Scott!"

I became insistent with her, "Then pay us out of this, and keep the rest to buy yourself some new clothes or something." And one other thing, I added. "Don't breathe a word of this to Tina, this is the only monetary help you are going to get from me, so just take it and let's move on."

She took the check; she tucked it into the back pocket of her shorts and buckled her seatbelt. "Can I ask you a question?" she said as we began to pull out of the parking lot.

"Sure, as long as it's a safer question than you gave me yesterday." Referring to her slipping her fingers through her pussy and asking me whether she tasted like peaches or strawberries. I remembered it was strawberries. Then I had to shake my head to clear that thought and focus on driving.

She giggled at my comment, but putting on more serious tone, "What you said in there, could you have really done that for me?"

"Could I?" I started, "Hell yes! Your father is college buddies with one of the most powerful judges in this state. You think he's going to blow off a case that has merit with people close enough to consider family?" 

"No one has ever stood up for me like that," she said, "I was ready to plead for a lesser amount, but you sure cleaned up that mess."

"There's a lot of things you are going to learn about me Tina, and cleaning up messes is just one of them." I paused, thinking again of yesterday, smiling I continued, "now get your mind out of the gutter, and let's get you home."

That last comment broke the obvious sexual tension between us, and I was glad I made it. We pulled out of the ghetto for the last time; Tina clearly breathed a sigh of relief. So we made small talk the rest of the way about her upcoming semester, and how she was beginning to get excited about graduating in the spring.

We arrived back at our house and as Tina committed to emptying the trailer of her things, I bounded in the house to find Ann and see what she was up to. I startled her as I found her in the bedroom, dressed in simple grey cotton shorts and a grey tank top, judging from her nipples poking out at me, she clearly had no bra on. She was pulling the sheets off the bed and onto the floor getting ready to do the laundry. They were probably pretty dirty after the last few nights. My cock throbbed a little just thinking about it.

I moved to her quickly. As I approached her she joked, "You didn't fuck my sister did you?"

I just smiled, and grabbed her hips kissing her passionately. I spun her around and pushed her forward, her hands grasping the foot of the bed at mattress level. She stood before me, bent over, her tight cotton shorts stretched tight over her perfect ass. My cock throbbed again stuffed into the denim of my jeans, now hard at the sight of her in front of me.

She whimpered a little as I forcefully, and without a word, I yanked her shorts over her hips to her knees. Pulling my cock out of my jeans swiftly, I was already impressively hard, and placed the head at the opening to her gash, I could feel she was already dripping wet!

"Been thinking about me?" I asked.

"I always am," she responded. Before she got the "am" out I split her pussy in half, slamming my cock deep into her wet slit, every ridge and vein vibrating through her pussy as I penetrated her, my balls slapped against her clit, and she yelped in surprise.

"Fuck me stud!' was all she got out as I started pounding her from behind forcefully. My throbbing member stretching her tight little pussy walls as her lips sucked hungrily at my shaft, begging me to fill her with each stroke. 

Still grasping her hips I pulled her back onto me, impaling her on my hard meat as I pounded away at her from behind. She loudly grunted each time I filled her, slamming home inside her. I felt my cock head crash into her cervix several times, knowing I've gone a little too deep and made it painful; she yelped again and I thought she'd ask me to stop, but she just reached back and pulled me into her harder. Cramming my cock deep inside her tight little pussy, she moaned and shrieked like a woman possessed with her own electrifying experience.

Her efforts of shoving back towards me were rewarded by being filled and stretched with each thrust. Her grunts were getting louder now, and had more urgency behind them.

"Oh fuck yes!" she continued grunting, "Put it in my ass, fuck my ass with that hard cock!"

She was so damn dirty sometimes. We had first experienced anal a couple nights ago, and I didn't think she'd be ready again so soon. I pulled out my cock and placed the throbbing, slippery head at her little brown starfish. 

She relaxed and I eased my cock in slowly, allowing her to accept nearly all my length inside her tight little asshole. She was so fucking tight it was crazy, her ass gripping my cock almost painfully like a vise as I began to slide back and forth.

She was back to rocking into me, pushing with her hands on the footboard forcing my cock in and out of her faster, and deeper. She grunted and squealed each time my cock bottomed out in her ass. I felt her finger brush across my balls as I realized she was furiously rubbing her clit underneath her. I continued my assault on her ass, grabbing her hips again, and pulling her hard onto me.

"Yes!" She yelled, "cum in my ass!"

That was all I needed, I drove my length deep into the cavern of her tight little bunghole until I could feel her little sphincter clamp down on the base of my cock. My meat erupted violently inside her, washing down her ass with my hot load of nut butter.

She exploded violently herself, her pussy gushed her sweet nectar all over my balls, hanging tightly in front of her vaginal opening as my cock continued to pump into her ass. I crashed down on top of her, forcing her onto the bed as I emptied my load deep inside her. 

She moaned each time my dick pumped more sperm out. For minutes we laid there, my cock convulsing inside her, her ass clamping and releasing with her own intense orgasm. Eventually she began to push me back rising off the bed, and pulling my cock out of her ass with a tight 'pop', she went to the bathroom, gathered a towel and cleaned me off, wiping off her legs as well from all her womanly juices that had flowed so freely from her.

She pulled her shorts back up from her knees, and continued what she was doing. I watched her momentarily as she stripped the sheets off the bed and gathered them together. Then, content that I has satisfied my own urges, I headed down to check on Tina's progress with the trailer and see if I could help with the heavy stuff. 

We still needed to get her settled in her new home. If she was turning a new chapter in her life this was an important step. For her sake, I wanted her day to be as comfortable and confident as possible that she was welcome here in our home. Emotionally she was probably still a little fragile, and it was important to surround her with the support she needed. I figured I'd go help and be the 'strong positive male role model' that Ann wanted me to be. Heading downstairs I smiled to myself, having these two women in my house was going to be interesting.