 The holidays had arrived and my wife and I were going to spend the weekend with my brother-in-law Kevin and his wife Jan. On Friday night we were at the in-laws house. My wife and her brother were sitting on the couch laughing and drinking wine. I too had be drinking heavily as my sister-in-law Jan was in the kitchen preparing our dinner. I decided to walk in and check out Jan. 

She was standing with her back to me. I was tipsy by now and I walked up to her and started rubbing myself against her leg. I thought she might just hit me, but she leaned over and gave me a small kiss on the lips. My wife and her brother were in the living room and they couldn't see what was going on. After a few minutes I gave up and went back into the living room.

We ended up eating and drinking some more wine then watching a movie. It got to be 1pm when everyone decided to turn in. I was still keyed up so I stayed and watched more TV. It was well after 2pm when I heard footsteps behind me. It was Jan getting up to get a drink of water. She brought her cup of water in with her and joined me on the couch.

My mouth nearly dropped open. Jan was wearing a short, see-through bathrobe. I could clearly see her small nipples poking through the material. The bottom of the robe barely made it past her crotch. She sat right next to me, our thighs were brushing together. I could feel my cock stirring in my pants. Drunk or not, I was very horny right then.

I don't know what possessed me but I leaned over and gave Jan a kiss on the mouth. She opened her mouth and the tips of our tongues were touching. I then reached under the material of her robe and my fingers brushed against her damp pussy hairs. I pulled the robe free from her body and then I stood up and stripped my shirt, pants, and underwear off.

There I stood with my cock erect and standing straight out. Jan didn't miss a beat but opened her mouth and surround my cock head with her lips. I thought I would pop right there. I am fairly long and thick, but Jan went down to the root and was sucking hard on my dick. She must have done this for a few minutes before I had to pull away.

I reached down and spread her thighs apart. Jan motioned for me to stop, but there was no stopping me now. I pushed Jan's back down on the couch and I crawled in between her thighs. I didn't give her a chance to get away. I pushed my dick into place and I began pushing it inside her pussy.

Whatever inhibitions Jan had faded right there. She placed her legs around my back and I pushed all the way inside. Jan was mighty tight, as if I was fucking a young teen bride. I buried my cock into her tunnel and rested my sacs against her ass cheeks. Jan let out a moan.

"Fuck me hard Tony, please!" Jan pleaded to me.

I drove my dick in hard and then pulled out, just resting the tip of my cock at her wet opening. The room was quiet except for the sounds of flesh slapping against flesh. I just hoped no one else woke up and decided to come looking for us. I lowered my mouth and started to biting on her small nipples.

A few minutes of this and Jan erupted. I felt a warm wash of fluids hitting my groin. Either Jan was a squirter or she peed herself. I reached down with my thumb and felt her sticky cum. I pressed my thumb against her clit and I thought Jan was going to leap off of the couch. She just kept cumming again and again until she collapsed.

I left my cock in her for a few minutes and then I pulled out. I got up and grabbed some paper towels and wetted them. We both cleaned up some then Jan got up and went into the bathroom. I could hear the spigot running. There was silence then Jan must have when back to bed.

There I was, sitting naked on the couch with my dick hanging out. I quickly got dressed and went back to where my wife was sleeping. She was snoring away, but I couldn't sleep. I was on my back thinking about what Jan and I had just done. My cock was still stirring.

Morning came and nothing was said the next day. I figured I better play it cool for awhile. That afternoon Kevin and my wife Kim decided they wanted to go to a nearby mall. Jan and I said we would stay put. I knew those two would be gone for a couple of hours. They no sooner left the house when Jan and I were on each other.

Jan told me her and Kevin weren't have sex lately. She didn't know what the problem was with Kevin. I told her it was the same with Kim and myself. We fell into each others arms and stripped out of our clothes. Jan threw her arms around my neck and I lifted her up. My cock was already hard again. I slipped my dick past her folds and we were fucking once more.

I held up Jan in the middle of the living room as I thrust my pole deep past her pussy folds. This time Jan got loud.

"Tony, I need your hard cock in me all the time," Jan told me.

I was going to try to make that happen as much as I could. Jan was a cumming machine. She squirted at least three times as I drove my pecker deep into her belly. I couldn't recall having wild sex with my wife ever like this. Jan clamped down hard around my dick and I felt a pinching sensation in my balls. I couldn't hold back one second more.

I blew a giant load of my seed deep in my sister-in-law's pussy. I sent hot ropes of cum into her until I had nothing left in the tank. I let Jan back down and her legs were wobbling. We cleaned up once more and got dressed for the arrival of my wife and her brother.

That weekend ended and nothing more happened. A few days later back at work I was to meet a client of mine. The meeting fell through so I decided to go home early. As I drove up to my house I saw that my brother-in-law's car was in the driveway. I wondered why he was here in the early afternoon.

I walked quietly in through the garage door. At first I didn't hear anyone. As I walked down the hallway toward the bedroom I then heard noises. I peeked around the bedroom door and there was Kevin and Kim naked on the bed. Kevin was on his back with his eyes closed. My wife was kneeling over him and giving him head.

It all came together now in my mind. Brother and sister had been having sex together. That is why they both had no energy for sex with their spouses. I watched a little more. Kim eventually mounted her brother. Her big tits were bouncing up and down as she rode his cock. I finally left the way I came in. I was going to spring a surprise on the incest couple.

The following weekend Kim and Jan went shopping together. I drove to Jan's house and found Kevin at home. He answered the door and looked surprised to see me. I came in and sprung my plan.

"Kevin, I know you and Kim have been fucking each other," I said matter-of-factly.

"Here is the deal, I don't care what you do with my wife," I told him. "From now on, however, I am going to fuck Jan whenever I feel like it."

Kevin protested, but I told him I had caught them the other day, Kim was riding his cock in our bed. Kevin's face got red.

"What are you going to do?" He asked me.

"Whenever I come to your house, you are to excuse yourself and leave immediately, no questions asked," I told him.

"And if I don't," He said to me.

"I plan on telling all the family members what you two are up to, I don't think you want that, do you Kevin?" I said.

I had him between a rock and a hard place and he reluctantly agreed to my demands. I tested it out the next day. I arrived at their house and Kevin promptly grabbed his coat and excused himself and left. Jan wondered what was going on. I told her I caught Kim and Kevin fucking in my bed. I told Kevin I was going to fuck Jan whenever I liked or else I would spill the beans on both of them.

At first Jan was upset to find out brother and sister were having sex, but now her and I could fuck each other whenever we liked and Kevin couldn't say a word. We then went back to the bedroom. We tried out the same sex as Kim and Kevin had the previous week. Jan made me hard with her mouth first. Then she got over top of me and mounted my fuck pole.

Jan slid down and rode me hard. I reached out and pulled on her ass cheeks. I brought my ass up and met her thrusts. Our pubic mounds were hitting hard as we fucked each other silly. I then reached up and started to pinch her small, hard nipples. Jan couldn't take another second of that and she sprayed me with her juices. By the time we had finished I felt like I had taken a shower.

After we finished up, I went home and dropped the bomb on my wife. I told Kim I had caught her and Kevin fucking and I was going to file for a divorce. I told her I wanted the house, no questions asked, or I was going to tell everyone about the incest sex.

Kim began to cry and she blamed me for our bad marriage and bad sex lives. I didn't let it bother me in the least. Kim tried to make me mad by telling me Kevin was a much better lover than me. I told her I saw Kevin's little cock, so if that is what she wanted, go to it.

The whole things played out in Jan's and my favor. We both got our houses and Kevin and Kim had each other. I now had Jan as my lover and we are fucking constantly. We now are working on having a baby together. I hope to report back on our sex life after Jan becomes pregnant.