 I'd like to thank BlueEyed5ftAngel for her editing assistance. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

She stretched out and felt his hands run up her sides. They had been lounging in bed all afternoon. He drove her home after work and now they were snowed in. She smiled up into his green eyes seeing mischief. She tried to roll away from him when his laughter filled the room and he pinned her down. "I don't think so kitten!" He began to tickle her sides and when she arched her back to get away from his touch her nipple was captured by his mouth. She moaned softly and stopped fighting against him. He moaned causing a vibration to shoot through her. 

She pressed her body up into him and rubbed against him feeling his hardness press into her thigh. Pulling her hands free she tangled them in his thick blonde hair. Her voice was barely audible "I love your mouth." She rubbed on him more and felt him begin to throb. "Baby please, I need you." Moaning she tried to shift so he could enter her.

"Mmamman?" He chuckled and spoke without moving his mouth. 

Laughing she tried to pull her nipple free. "What?"

He pulled himself from suckling her. "Again?" He tickled her to watch her squirm making her breasts jiggle.

"Yes again!" she laughed trying to get away. "I don't think I'll ever get enough of you."

He began to kiss her tenderly all over. With a nibble here and kiss there. Calming a bit she began to moan and squeak with each one. He reached up and captured her hands tightly in his. Once he'd kissed his way as far as he could, he worked his way back up and kissed her passionately. Nestling between her thighs pushing in slowly. "You're so wet." He moaned as contentment drifted across his face.

"Only for you." Her hips arched up to meet his. When he pulled back a bit she breathlessly pleaded, "please don't tease me." 

"I've wanted this for so long." Paul whispered before nibbling her bottom lip and giving it a playful tug. 

He pushed into her a bit farther and took a deep breath. Then withdrawing from her and pushing in slowly again. He took his time to savor the feel of her stretching around him, wanting her to feel every inch. She was tight and he loved the feel of it. 

"You feel like velvet." 

Once he was fully sheathed in her he held still leaning in to kiss her again. 

She arched her hips to meet his wrapping herself around him. They turned so she could ride him. Together they found their rhythm. He gasped feeling her nails pinch his chest as she dug them in to gain leverage. He watched as her body gracefully snaked and twisted on him. Reaching up he cupped her breasts and ran his thumbs over the nipples then he arched his hips up causing her to gasp.

They met each others thrust and he could tell her orgasm was fast approaching. His hands found her hips moving her to keep the pace. She began to slow a bit fighting against the trembling that was taking over her body. His firm hands slammed her down on him holding her still letting her milk and massage him. As she cried out her voice echoed off the walls. He waited for her to calm then rolled them back over and began to thrust hard and deep into her. She pulled her legs up allowing him to move deeper. 

"I've wanted you for so long Kitten..." He spoke softly causing her to purr and tremble. 

She wanted to speak but he was working her right into another orgasm. He was every woman's dream. She again dug her nails into him urging him to move faster. He picked up the pace reaching down to rub her over sensitive clit. His fingers merely brushed over it a few times and her body went stiff. He could feel every contraction milking him again. There was no holding back now, it was time to let go and explode inside her. 

"mmm God...Vic..." 

They lay there spent trying to catch their breath. Resting forehead to forehead sharing small intimate kisses. 

He chuckled softly causing her to snap her eyes open she saw that mischievous look. 

"Oh no you don't!" She quickly rolled out from his grasp landing on her bedroom floor with a thud waking her from her dream. 

"SHIT!" She winced and rolled onto her side. She groaned feeling the pain shooting through her body. 

"That's gonna leave a mark." She tried to laugh at herself but found she was trembling instead. She reached down and felt the wetness on her underwear. 

"Damn." She got up off the floor and sat on the edge of her bed. The covers were everywhere, obviously she was having one hell of a dream. Her hands were still shaking as she reached for her cigarettes and lit one. Inhaling deeply to calm her ragged nerves. She was trying to quit but after a dream like that even Mother Theresa would need one. 

"Way to go Vic." she said dryly to herself. 

She glanced at her clock; it was only three am. She could try to lay back down and get a few more hours before work. A little more sleep, a cold shower and breakfast then she would be able to face Paul. Thinking back she had fallen for him the first time she met him. What woman wouldn't? With short, blond hair and deep green eyes he was handsome. He always seemed to be tanned, so most of the girls she worked with thought of him as their California man. 

She worked for the Dillon Corporation. It started as a part-time mailroom job and she progressed and changed departments until she found her niche. It ended up being behind the bar. She was the best bartender they had, and she took great pride in that. Paul was her boss, best friend and hopefully soon her lover. Through the years they became very close, year after year she heard him say to everyone there could never be a woman in his life. No one would understand his job or the relationships he formed with his girls. 

She glanced at the red velvet dress with the white-fur trim hanging on the closet door. She had every intention of changing his mind. She knew everything about him; his job, his girls and she couldn't have loved him more.

A few hours later she rolled over slapping her alarm clock looking at it through bleary eyes. "Blah" she chuckled to herself crawling out of bed. 

She started her shower and thought about the day ahead. Today they were decorating the hall for the Christmas party. This was her favorite time of year. The innocence of the snowflakes that had freshly fallen, pelting one another with snowballs, coming in to be bundled in cozy blankets while you drank hot cocoa with too many marshmallows. It just didn't get any better. 

She hurried through her shower thinking of Paul and trying not to think of her dream. 

It felt so real. Every touch, kiss and cream. Maybe this was the famed "wet dream" you hear about. Even after she climbed back in bed and tried to fall back asleep she could swear he was there. 

Shrugging off her nerves she dressed in a sweater and jeans and then went to meet Paul. 

"Good morning Kitten." Paul came up to help her off with her coat.

"Good morning." she smiled at the endearment he used for her. 

She felt his eyes on her as she unbundled from the hat and scarf. Golden curls tumbled wildly from the hat taking his breath away. 

Paul cupped one of his hands around her rosy cheek. "Ready to get to work? I have a checklist of things to get done." 

His actions were normal. But this morning he seemed almost nervous. She could feel something was off. 

Looking over the list he handed her it seemed pretty basic. 

They both went to work on things that could be done without the others help. Working diligently for over an hour while sneaking peeks at each other. She was sure he was watching her. She knew she was watching him. 

Finally he came to get her to help hang garland. The hall was looking marvelous and the caterers would handle the rest. 

He wrapped his hands around her waist to help her up onto a chair when she shivered uncontrollably. 

"Vic? Are you ok?" he asked with concern.

"Yes. It was just a chill." she smiled back at him.

When she reached up, her sweater lifted, giving him a view of her smooth creamy abs. 

His breathing hitched as he imagined kissing it softly. He knew she was extremely ticklish and wanted to see her jump. 

He continued handing up the garland to her, making jokes about her height. She wasn't short at five foot six she came up to his shoulders. He loved her curves and from experience could tell she was a 36c. Looking at his hands he could almost feel the softness of her breasts in them. In his forty years of life he was able to resist any woman; however he was beginning to think Vic was different. 

The final touch was added as Vic hung the mistletoe. She secured it in place losing her balance, falling into his arms.

Looking into his eyes she saw the desire there. The same desire she knew she was feeling. 

"I thought cats were graceful." he chuckled nervously.

"Kittens aren't." She stole a look at his lips; she wanted to taste them. Reaching up she brushed a wayward curl from her face. "We're under the mistletoe."

"So we are." 

He began to release her and move away. Vic pulled him back and looked up. 

"It's tradition." she coaxed.

Knowing what a softy he was for such things she watched him wrestle with the indecision. Standing on tiptoes she moved up his body and felt the distinct hardness in his pants. Any fear she had that this man didn't want her melted away. 

"A peck wouldn't hurt." Paul said quietly, his body aching for the woman in his arms.

A full throaty laugh came from her. Wrapping her hand around his neck she pulled him down, "Gimme your lips." 

Before he could process any thought her sweet lips captured his. She was gentle, and yet he felt her tongue probing. It took him by surprise.

His gut tightened and the air fizzled with sexual tension. For the first time in his career with Dillon Corp he forgot who he was. His mouth opened and he plunged his tongue in hers. He wrapped her in his arms groaning when she gave a small sound of contentment. They found themselves lost in the moment. 

His scent was overtaking her senses. It was rich and woodsy causing her hormones to go into overdrive. She wanted him right here. Right now. Her fingers found their way to his shirt and she began to unbutton it. 

His hands began to travel, one cupping her ass and the other coming up to cup her breast. His hands felt as if it were made to hold her body. 

They were both finding it hard to breathe. She began to guide him back as she fought with the last button on his shirt. Giving it a hard tug they both paused as they heard the button bounce off the wall, neither one cared. They followed the course of the button and bounced a bit when they found the wall. He moved both hands to cup her ass lifting her up. He switched their position so she was pressed against the wall. Instinctively she wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled him tightly to her. His cock was throbbing. Breaking the kiss she found his ear. 

"I want you." 

She gave it a nip and then kissed his neck.

"Vic.." He moaned using his hips to hold her up as his hands went between them to begin undoing pants. 

She slid her hands down since his were too slow for her taste. 

The doors to the hall opened and they never heard Richard come up on them until it was too late. There they were undressing each other when a throat cleared behind them.

The kiss ended and Paul looked horrified.

"Richard?" He asked still gasping for air.

"Yes Paul?" 

Paul stopped and pulled back looking into her eyes. He looked ashamed. He set her down gently, backing away. 

"I'm so sorry. I don't know what came over me." The words were whispered with regret. 

He put himself together the best he could and turned to face his employer. 

"Richard." he spoke as professionally as he could. "What can I do for you?"

"My apologies." He said, looking over at the young woman recognizing her instantly. "Hello Victoria."

"Richard." she smiled and fixed herself.

"I only came to see the progress before heading home to check on Sydney."

"Everything is fine here."

"I see." Richard spoke and looked at his feet. 

He was at a loss for words. He had felt for years that Paul needed someone. "Since things are...going well... I'll just head on home."

Vic noticed that Richard was trying to stifle laughter. He had just walked in on his best friend and was embarrassed. 

That thought made her have to bite back a snicker. "It was a pleasure seeing you Richard."

"You also Victoria." he looked at her and winked. "I'll speak with you later Paul." 

With that he took his leave. The door shut echoing in the silent room. 

"How did we miss the door?" Vic asked busting out into laughter. 

Paul turned and shook his head. "I had no right to take advantage of you." 

"Paul..." she stopped laughing and looked at him in disbelief. "You didn't." 

"I...I'm sorry." he turned and fled the room.

Vic stood there for a few more minutes then yelled to the room, "What the fuck just happened?!" 

When there was no answer, not that she was expecting one, she put everything away. Gathering her pride which was shattered on the floor she called off her shift and went home. She was livid. 

He wanted her. There was nothing wrong with that. She paced her house and then decided she would leave him no choice. She baked her usual holiday cookies, watched 'A Christmas Story', and then decided to head to bed. 

Tomorrow was the party and she knew Paul would be there dressed as Santa. First he would go to the hospital and visit the children's ward. Then he would show up for all the children whose parent's work for the Dillon Corporation. Thinking about him dressed as Santa brought a smile to her face. She checked to make sure her keys were on the small table when a thought hit her. After he played Santa he would head home. She had a key to his house for when he was out of town and needed someone to take care of Moo, his harlequin Dane. 

She flopped over on her bed laughing like a madwoman. "Perfect." Tomorrow night she was going to surprise and seduce Santa. 

The music was loud enough that you would hear it no matter where you were in the house. That's the way she liked it when she was home alone. Vic grabbed her glass of wine and took a deep drink. She glanced in the mirror and smiled as she secured her hair up in a loose twist. She sang along with "All I Want For Christmas" swaying her hips to the beat of the music. Sitting on the edge of her bed she reached for her cigarettes. She lit one and inhaled sharply. 

Noting the time, she took a few more drags before stubbing it out. Her cab would be there within the hour. She wanted to be a complete surprise for Santa. Slipping her garter on she carefully slid the nylons up. Next she slipped into her dress, it was two pieces so she only put on the top and adjusted herself to get the best cleavage available. Diamond studs twinkled in her earlobes, 'Obsession' radiated from her body. Her eyes were done with black liner and mascara, they stood out but not the way her lips did. Big, red, kissable lips puckered in the mirror. She added a touch of gloss, then stepped into the skirt. 

"Almost complete." The clear platforms had rhinestones across the top and thin straps to hold them on her feet. Once she was buckled in she took a spin in the mirror. The skirt flared out giving a generous view of the red bows that topped the nylons. 

"Perfect." She winked at herself then got her small purse together. She no sooner dropped her keys in it when the cab honked. 

"Time to knock 'em out Kitten." Vic said bravely to herself.

The party was in full swing when she arrived. After checking her wrap she went to find her table. The other bartenders waved her over. 

"Damn Vic, dressed to kill tonight!" CeeCee snapped her fingers in the air then gave her a warm hug.

Once everyone at the table hugged her they went to mingle. 

She was feeling pretty sure of herself until she heard a familiar clearing of the throat while she was getting a drink. Chuckling she turned to face Richard. 

"Happy Holidays?" Vic spoke almost timidly raising her eyebrow and glass in a toast.

Richard smiled returning the gesture. 

"He'll be here in about five minutes." When she blushed Richard laughed. "You're good for him Victoria."

"What?" Vic choked the word out nearly spitting her drink all over him.

"He's been alone far too long." 

"Now that you found your 'happy-ever-after' you're out to help others?" Sarcasm dripped off Vic's words.

"Without him, I wouldn't have my 'happy-ever-after'" Richard spoke matter of factly.

When he glanced over to his pregnant wife there was nothing but love in his eyes. "I want for him what he wanted for me. Only the best." Looking her over one last time he chuckled, "Watch your claws...he's tender." 

"HO! HO! HO!" Paul's voice rang out. 

Every child in the room ran towards him. 

Vic looked up and felt her heart fall. She felt dirty. This man was being kind working with the children, and she wanted to find a dark corner and strip him naked! She slammed her drink down and went to dance. 

The colors flashed on the dance floor, peoples laughter filled the room and Santa was making small dreams come true. Once he handed out all the gifts he went to find Vic. He needed to talk to her, to explain he was a fool for the way he acted. He spotted her walking back to the table laughing with one of the other bartenders.

She knew he was walking towards her as soon as she stepped off the dance floor. She smiled brightly "Merry Christmas Santa."

He looked down and she could see the embarrassment. She looped her arm in his and pulled him towards the dance floor. "Listen." The familiar sounds of "Santa Baby" filled the room. "Your favorite." She giggled shimmying up to him. 

He took her in his arms, "Vic..."

She put a finger on his lips, wrapped her arms around him pulling him close and sang in his ear making sure her voice was as breathy and seductive as Marilyn Monroe would've been. "Santa Baby, slip a sable under the tree, for me...I've been an awful good girl...Santa baby, hurry down the chimney tonight." 

He pulled her closer and she felt his hardness pressing into her. She nibbled his ear lobe a bit and went back to singing, "I'll wait up for you dear. Santa baby, so hurry down the chimney tonight." 

Rolling her hips against his she accented her words. "Think of all the fun I've missed. Think of all the fellas that I haven't kissed. Next year I could be as good." 

She moaned softly in his ear causing him to groan. Pulling back she looked in his eyes and saw the lust from the previous day. 

"I've been an angel all year. Santa baby, and hurry down the chimney tonight. Santa cutie, there's one thing I really do need, that's you." 

She saw the excitement on his face change to fear. She knew how she was looking at him. After four years she was tired of hiding her feelings.

Paul pulled back and a young girl came up asking to dance. Santa couldn't tell her no, but when he looked back Vic was gone. 

She called for a cab, retrieved her coat then stepped out for a smoke. The man was infuriating. How could he not see that she wanted him? She growled and finished her cigarette. It was the first full one she'd had in weeks. 

The door opened behind her. 

"Vic?" Paul spoke quietly. "I'm so sorry."

"Damn you. Stop being sorry." She spun and faced him. Her eyes were brimming with tears. "What are you so afraid of?" 

When he said nothing, she turned back around to watch for her ride, thankful as it was pulling up. She said nothing more as she got in.

"Vic, I need to talk to you." He stopped her from closing the door.

She searched his eyes, after a moment she decided she'd already swallowed her pride enough. Now she simply wanted to go home and be alone. "Later." 

She pulled the door shut and left.
