 "Wake up sleepy head!" I heard a sweet voice telling me. Although I wasn't sure whose it was or where it was coming from. I found stars in my eyes as I rubbed them to try and wake from my hypnotic sleep. As they opened slowly I found myself in the TV room, with Sportscenter on the TV. My eyes adjusted and looked to my right; it was Tina who was waking me.

I must have fallen asleep on the couch watching the bowl game last night. I can't remember who won, so I must have drifted off some time in the 4th quarter. The house was illuminated by morning sunlight streaming in through the windows, and Tina was still standing over me. I smiled as best I could in my sleepy state.

"You'd better get up and get upstairs with that thing before I break our house rules," she giggled as she pointed at my crotch. 

I looked down. My morning hard-on was staring directly at her in plain view, having slipped out of the fly of my cotton pants sometime during the night. One thing I could always count on, being hard as granite in the morning. I wondered how long she had watched me laying there exposed, I wonder if she'd touched me before waking me. Those thoughts could go on forever, and I hurriedly tucked my raging cock painfully into my cotton pants.

"Very impressive," she said coyly. "I wish..."

I immediately cut her off, "Tina, thank you for the compliment, and thank you for waking me, but for the sake of both of us, you'd better not finish that sentence." I smiled, hiding my real wishes, Tina retuned a reluctant smile, I could tell she was thinking the same thing I was.

I got up off the couch, and headed into the kitchen for some orange juice, while Tina bounded back to her room and closed her door. What I wanted to do, and what I said were on opposite sides of the universe at this point. I needed to calm down, or this morning hard-on was going to possess my whole morning. With Tina out of the room again, at least I could try and relax.

I sat down at the kitchen table and took in my surroundings. Yesterday went pretty well moving Tina's stuff into the house. After moving her personal belongings in, we took her furniture down to Goodwill. I gave Tina a lesson on reducing her taxable income with donations. She'd get far more from her old furniture that way than from holding a garage sale. Last night was relaxed and uneventful, taking in a couple football games on TV after dinner. Aside from my embarrassing wake up call this morning, the first full day with Tina in our house went pretty smooth.

I was really groggy and headed up the stairs for a shower. As I got to the base of the stairs I thought I head something coming from around the corner, where Tina's door was. I heard it again. I stepped closer to her door, and I heard an unmistakable sound. Tina was moaning, I couldn't make out her words, but definitely moaning. 

Was she crying? Was she upset? Was she okay? Was she...? I listened intently, now it sounded more like pleasurable sounds. If she was in there masturbating after getting an eyeful of my cock, was she thinking of me? The thoughts raced through my mind, what the hell was going on in there!?

I gently put my hand on the door knob, if she heard me surely she'd stop, and I didn't want to seem intrusive into her new space. It twisted freely in my grasp, the door was unlocked! I opened it slowly, listening intently for any sound that might give me away. Nothing happened; her moaning was louder now that no door blocked her vocalizations.

The door opened enough so that I could see the edge of Tina's bed gently swaying back and forth; I opened the door further. What I saw next made me spring back to attention. Tina was lying on her belly, facing away from me, her sweet little ass pushed up in the air, and she was rubbing her pussy furiously. I couldn't see her breasts as they were pushed into the bed, but I could have cum just from the sight of her tight belly up off the bed, gently sloping up as her ass that was so inviting sticking up in the air, she was reaching through her legs rubbing herself in ecstasy. 

"Oh fuck," she moaned into her pillow, "oh Scott yes fuck me..."

She said my name! She was imagining me with her, inside her, fucking her; she wasn't facing me, and I didn't think I made a noise. This was purely her fantasy. Here was this 25 year old sex pot, with a body to kill for, bringing herself to orgasm in front of me. This was too much to take, my cock was leaking precum and I needed a release. 

It would have been so easy to walk in, and finish Tina off the right way. But that would threaten everything with Ann. I stood there, conflicted about it for a moment, taking in the sight of Tina pleasuring herself to me, breathing heavy now, she moaned my name again. 'Fuck it!' I thought and took a step into her room....No, I had to go! 

I slowly closed the door trying not to make a sound and ran upstairs, cock in hand looking for Ann to help me with this problem. As I burst through the door I found Ann, sitting against the headboard, legs splayed out in front of her, stark naked, rubbing her pussy with reckless abandon. I startled her, and she stopped as I entered the room. 

"Don't stop!" I grunted as I leaped onto the bed in front of her, tugging at my cock again, the precum leaking all over my hand, lubricating my efforts.

"Oh fuck!" she yelped as she got down to business again, now intently staring at my cock. "Take your shirt off," she grunted as she rubbed her slit, alternating cupping her breasts and pinching her nipples with her other hand.

I did as I was told, and went back to the matter in my hand. My cock painfully hard sticking trough the fly of my cotton pants; I grasped the shaft and began pulling on it again for her. I stared at this beautiful creature in front of me, rubbing herself furiously while she watched me. Both of us intent on pleasuring ourselves but so turned on by the other's presence that it raised each of our own senses. 

My orgasm began to boil in my balls in hardly any time at all; she was getting close as she rubbed her clit faster now, stopping every minute or so to dip a couple fingers into her sopping gash, moistening them and getting back to work on her clit.

I watched her chest as she manipulated her breasts, pinching and pulling on her nipples, her breathing increased rapidly.

"Oh fuck, baby!" she shrieked, "I'm cumming!"

Her body tensed, raising her hips off the bed, pointing her crotch right at me; as she did her pussy exploded sending a stream of her cum shooting across the bed at me. It splashed on my bare chest and abs; her second shot hit my hand, furiously pummeling my dick. Her third landed with the second, lubricating everything with her slippery girl cum.

She squealed in delight at coating me with her mess, "Hurry up! Cum on my tits!"

That was all I needed and I quickly moved across the bed and straddled her belly, and kneeled over her. She cupped both her breasts with her slippery fingers and squeezed them together, presenting them perfectly to me. My hand pounded my cock a few more strokes, as my cock began erupting, my balls tightened, and that familiar sense of electricity shot from them through my cock, and I began hosing down her tits with my warm cum. The first shot landed on her left breast and hand, I aimed the next one at her right breast as it went off it coated her nipple and strung out to her upper chest. The third went right down the middle, splashing down in her perfect cleavage. I continued cumming all over her milky white skin 4 or 5 more times, coating her breasts in my warm batter, leaving them shiny and glossy.

"Mmmm," she cooed, encouraging me, "yes baby, cover my tits."

The look on her face said it all, she was in heaven, and so was I, as the last few spurts landed on her mounds. I watched her gently begin rubbing my seed into her skin, slipping her hands all over her breasts. I collapsed on the bed next to her as she continued caressing herself gently. Both of were breathing heavy for a while; we just laid there, covered in each other's juice.

"I have to admit, it was your sister that got me ready to go for you." I started, Ann looked at me quizzically. "I fell asleep on the couch, and as I was heading upstairs I heard something so I checked on her, I saw her frigging herself on her bed, but I don't think she saw me."

"Holy shit," she responded, "my sister's not in this house 48 hours and she's already got you nuts!" She smiled at me, "it's okay baby, I don't mind that you saw her, in fact I'm shocked you didn't take advantage of your little situation there. You know, I really trust you."

Now there was no way I was breaking that trust, if I could be this completely honest with a woman about something as sensitive as this, and her be cool with it. I definitely am not doing anything to jeopardize it.

"Thanks babe," was all I could make out, I hobbled off the bed and into the shower. Ann followed me; we enjoyed each others company in the warm water, without being too sexual. It was nice to have her washing my back, and just holding each other in the water. This woman was incredible, such a cum craving slut one minute and the next minute completely nurturing. I was looking forward to this week and all the time off work I had to spend with her, and Tina, I wondered what the week would bring.