 This morning was odd, and thoughts of it were taking me away from my tasks around the yard this afternoon. Normally I enjoyed sweeping the pool, I found it relaxing, but trying to accomplish it with two bikini-clad beauties laying a few feet away was anything but relaxing. Not to mention I'd seen both of them naked in the throes of passion not more than a few hours ago.

Keeping my thoughts to myself, I decided that having Tina here was volatile. I was loyal to Ann, but her sister was proving to be as sexual as Ann was; I was struggling to keep my intense libido in check. But again, what happened in my mind and how far I was willing take it with my body were two separate things. I wasn't about to screw up anything with Ann.

The girls kept chatting all afternoon about who knows what, I tried to distance myself letting the sisters bond once again. It had been along time since they had lived under the same roof, and they both seemed to really enjoy each other's company this time around. I kept myself busy with the lawn, trimming trees and bushes, and finally hosing off the patio and other furniture.

The girls had stayed outside nearly all afternoon, they left for the warm indoors as the sun began to set and the temperature cooled off. By the time I made it inside, they had dinner nearly ready, and after I cleaned up, it was on the table.

We chatted idly during dinner; Tina was starting her classes in a couple weeks and was a little nervous as this was finally her last semester before obtaining her degree. It was good that she was turning her life around, and nice that Ann and I were able to help her through it. After dinner, I cleaned up the kitchen, washing and drying the dishes by hand as the girls chatted more by the fire pit outside.

After the kitchen was cleaned up I joined them with three classes of sparkling cider, Ann and I gave each other a glace of mutual sympathy to our new life with Tina, our home totally alcohol free, there were adjustments for everyone. Shortly after I sat down, Tina excused herself, stating she was tired, and she headed for the house.

I watched her head into the house. Her tight little bottom stretching the fabric of her silk pajamas, who worked to frame her ass perfectly as it gently jiggled into the kitchen. Her ass was perfectly shaped just like Ann's, just a little tiny bit smaller. My cock responded lightly with a gently throb in my pants, repositioning itself just slightly.

Turning to Ann she looked at me over her glass. "You know, I've been thinking a lot about Tina's development as she puts her life back in order," she said. 

This was obviously leading somewhere. "Okay," I responded to let her continue.

"She's been drug and alcohol free since she got out of rehab a few months ago. That makes over two years for her." She remarked, "she's got a job, that's an important self esteem and confidence builder. With only one semester left, she's finally going to obtain her goal of having a college degree. I doubt after that happens she'll be here very long and there's one important lesson she needs to learn before then that none of those other things provide."

Now she was peaking my curiosity. "What's that one thing?"

"Love." Ann waited for my response, she didn't get one. "Never in Tina's life has she dated a 'winner' she's always dated the 'bad boys' with bad habits and usually treated her like shit. In high school, while I was dating the good mannered jocks, she was hanging with the drop outs and stoners. In college, when I became more selective about who I dated, she seemed to fuck any guy who'd buy her a drink. I think she's got a self esteem issue that relates to dating losers her whole life. She doesn't know how to act in a relationship based on trust and respect, only lust and selfishness."

"Okay, I can see that, how do you propose we help her with that lesson?" I was jumping to the solution as usual.

"Got any twin brothers?" She jokingly asked. She knew the answer. 

"Seriously, you know I don't have any twin brothers and my 'good' friends are already married," I said wanting to ground the conversation.

"Okay, seriously..." she scooted over closer to me on the bench. "I think she needs to truly feel someone taking care of her, protecting her, respecting her, and loving her."

She paused.

"She responds to you, she trusts you; the way she speaks of you, and she told me today, she's incredibly jealous of me and the relationship you and I have."

"Where exactly is this going baby?" I asked looking at her now cautiously.

Without breaking eye contact, she started. "I want you two to spend some time together, let her really get to know what makes you tick. I want her to see how you treat her, and how wonderful you are, so she can learn on her own what a good man is all about. Then maybe someday she'll have the knowledge to get one for herself."

This was a lot to take in, but I tried my best. "With all due respect to what you just said, I don't know if I can handle that. I mean, one big aspect here can ruin this for all of us, and frankly, let me lay it out there for you; I'm incredibly attracted to Tina. Any guy would be, but she's a lot like you, and apparently very sexual as well. You know my sex drive, and I don't know if I can handle increased time with her alone without eventually giving in to my own momentary carnal needs. I fear that one day she's going to get me at the wrong time and place, and I'm going to end up doing something to hurt you."

"Not if I gave you permission." She stated not blinking or breaking eye contact.

"Are you giving me permission to fuck your sister?" I asked breathlessly.

"I'm not saying I want you to run inside and plunder her right now! That's why I'm around, and I want you to plunder me!" She smiled and continued, "But she needs to feel what a real relationship is like, and right now, I'm okay sharing you with her if it teaches her something and gets her back on the right path. If that means during the course of your relationship growth that you two have sex, I am totally okay with that. I know you love me, and I'm going to be here forever."

Holy Shit! My wife has just told me she'd like to help her sister by sharing me with her! This couldn't be real. I can't jump onto this wagon too quickly or she'll get pissed anyway, I have to think logically here and be patient. Trying my best not to smile like a little kid on Christmas, I tried to respond.

"So, to clarify, you want me to spend more time with Tina, teaching by example what a good relationship is like, and if that leads to sex, you are totally, 100% comfortable with me having sex with your sister?"

"In a word," she paused, "yes," then pausing again "...but the 'one night at a time' house rule applies to you too," she added.

"Wow, Ann." Was the only thing I could utter.

She stood up and faced me, placing herself between me and the fire. She was wearing a silk, button down long sleeve pajama top, red, with a heavy accent of Asian influence. She unbuttoned the top three buttons and pulled it over her shoulders letting it fall to the ground. She stood before me now, her naked body illuminated by the fire behind her. 

My cock throbbed hard now looking at her naked body. Her perfect, supple and perky breasts, topped with those sweet little pink nipples, the way her rib cage curved into her flat stomach and how her hips gave way to her shaven pussy, joining two very well toned legs. My cock stiffened in my jeans, painfully straining against the harsh denim.

She sat in my lap, straddling me. "I trust you stud, I know we are here together forever, and nothing will ever break us apart."

My mind was still racing by what just happened. She'd done some pretty amazing things in our time together, even most recently bringing another woman into our bed. But this was different; this was closer, more personal. She wanted me to embark on a relationship with her sister that somewhat mirrored our own, and if it went that far, something told me it was going to lead to some unbelievable sex with Tina.

Ann began grinding her bare pussy against my strained cock through my jeans. She whispered into my ear, "now fuck me you big stud, before I change my mind." She reached down and unzipped my jeans, her tiny hand reached inside for what she was after and fished my cock out. She kneeled up a little higher, and placed my head at her entrance, gently pushing her pussy lips aside.

She was soaked, and I was leaking precum already; her juices immediately began to run down the length of my shaft, and I slid in easily as she set her hips down on top of me. She began rocking back and forth on my hard rod, gently grinding herself into me. She arched her back and brought her breasts to my mouth, she alternated them into my mouth, allowing me to suckle each nipple gently as she rode my hard mast deep inside her.

She repositioned her legs so she was balanced on her feet now, taking me in deep. She grabbed the back of the bench for leverage and began pistoning herself onto my cock. The cooler air and her hot pussy were sending me into orbit. She felt incredible, and suddenly her pussy clamped down on my dick. She came softly, a moan escaping her lips moist lips.

Our bodies only touched where we were joined, it was a unique feeling. She lifted her body up and down along my shaft, and all my senses were down to the feeling along my rigid cock. She felt the same, only touching me from the inside where my stiff prick massaged the walls of her vagina, gently stretching them, and pressing my hard, warm flesh into her.

She picked up her pace, and began most forcefully impaling her tight little cunt on my throbbing pole. I was getting closer, and the feeling of wanting to cum overwhelmed me. Just then she tightly sealed me inside her by slamming down on my cock, her pussy clamped down tight and she stiffened in my lap. She bit her bottom lip as her body tightened and began to shudder. Her pussy convulsed over my cock, sending into my own eruptions. I blasted her insides with my warm juice, pumping stream after stream deep within her wet cavern. She pulsated on me, her fuck muscles clenching and releasing my rod, emptying my balls of their heavy load. 

When we were both spent, she stood up, and reached for her pajama shirt. I could see in the firelight, a huge globe of our mixed juices leave her tight fold, and begin to run down her leg. She slipped on her shirt and headed for the house with me in tow.  

Silently we crossed the hardwood floors and ascended the stairs to the bedroom. As we passed Tina's door, I wondered what the future would have in store for the two of us. It was going to be different around here starting tomorrow, we'd just have to see if it was going to work or not. I wanted to help Tina and Ann through this, and let's face it, I think this was going to be pretty damn enjoyable. Ann and I reached the bedroom and slipped into bed. I wrapped my arm over her and held her close to me, our warm bodies pressed against each other softly. We fell asleep quickly without another word to each other, both of us drained emotionally and physically from our interesting day.