 She was being seated just as I entered the restaurant. Holly, I thought, that was her name. I had met with her several times over the last year and a half. I am in charge of securing IT equipment for the technical school where I work. She is a rep for a national computer manufacturer. I had found her to be intelligent, knowledgeable, and competent. She looks to be in her mid-thirties, about 5' 7" tall, with blond hair, tied in a bun. Blue eyes sparkled with enthusiasm when she made her presentations. I also found her to be interesting and appealing. But the rings on the third finger of our left hands kept our relationship on a professional level.

I noticed that she was dining alone. When the maitre' de returned, I asked him to see if she minded if I would join her. When he made the inquiry, she looked up, recognized me, smiled, and nodded her head. When seated at her table, I said, "Hi, Holly. Thank you for allowing me to join you."

"You're welcome, Mark. I'm glad that I won't have to eat alone tonight."

We were both attending a conference in Nashville, Tennessee, sponsored by her company. A waiter appeared with menus and took our drink orders. While looking over the menu, I explained that I was there to look into the possibilities of creating a wireless network linking together the three buildings at my school. She told me that she was working at a booth displaying a new line of laptops. After placing our orders, we made small talk about our respective careers. I told her about my school in Columbus, Ohio. She shared that she was originally from Texas but had recently moved to her company's Nashville office. At one point, I happened to look at her left hand and saw that she no longer wore a ring. Noticing my glance, she said, "Yes, I'm divorced now."

"I'm so sorry, Holly," 

"Well, we never had a great marriage anyway. I made more money than he did and that made him kind of jealous. Also, I was gone a lot on business. Of course, he traveled every week, too. Anyway, he told me that I wasn't a good wife, that I never met his needs, and that he just didn't find me attractive or sexy any more." She paused, then continued, "What about you? I see that you're not wearing a wedding ring either."

"My story is similar to yours," I said. "When the kids left home for good, my ex-wife got restless. She was four years younger than me, and, at 48, was still had a great figure and was attractive. She told me that she needed to 'find herself.' So she started signing up for all kinds of activities and was gone a lot. One day she came home and told me that she had found her 'soul-mate.' It happened to be her art teacher. I tried to get her to some counseling, but she eventually left and moved in with him. Of course, it was all my fault for not wanting to grow and find my potential like she did."

"Yes, I got the whole blame thing too," she said. "But the real story is that my ex-husband found a young big-busted bimbo with a bouncy butt."

Laughing, I replied, "What an interesting way to describe a person." I quickly added, "I'm sorry Holly, I didn't mean to make light of what happened."

"That's alright, Mark, most of the pain and anger is gone now. But it just killed my self-esteem. To be told that you're not appealing or sexy any more ..."

"He must be blind," I interrupted.

She looked at me and smiled. "Thank you."

"You must have had a lot of attention from men when your ring disappeared,"

"Well, for the longest time, I didn't want anything to do with men or relationships. I just felt sorry for myself all the time. I really wasn't very pleasant to be around. How about you?"

"Yeah, I reacted the same way. But I'm pretty much over it now."

"I guess I finally am too," she said. "Work helps, and talking to people I have something in common with."

At that moment, our meals arrived. We spent the next hour eating and talking. Agreeing not to talk about our ex's, we shared our likes and dislikes, our interests and hobbies, and the state of the computer industry.

Over coffee at the end of the meal she asked, "Are you staying here at the hotel, Mark?"

"Yes, the school is paying for my stay," I replied. "This place is really impressive. I love the huge indoor atrium and the gardens. The glass goes all the way to the top of the hotel. And I like it that my room has a balcony overlooking it all. I've had a little time to sit there and watch people walk along the paths. Very relaxing. It does make me sad, though, when I see couples walking together, holding hands, laughing, and talking. I used to like that kind of thing. I miss it."

"I know what you mean," she said. "I get lonely sometimes and I think about how it would be nice to be treated like a woman again."

We were silent for a few moments, then she said, "I'm staying here, too. It's a long drive to my apartment. By the time I would get there, I'd hardly have enough time to eat and shower before it was time to drive back."

"Well, then, Holly, since you don't have to leave, how does a stroll in the atrium sound to you?"

"I'd like that very much, Mark."

We paid for our meals, split the tip, and walked outside the restaurant into the hotel's main lobby.

"This is some hotel, there's nothing like it back in Columbus."

"I've been to conferences all over the U.S., but this is my favorite place," she said.

We went into the atrium and meandered up and down the paths, commenting on the large ferns, the flowering shrubs, the trees, the fountain, and the cascade waterfall. As we started up the steps to the skywalk, I took her arm. She looked at me and smiled in appreciation.

"It's really nice to be treated like a lady again."

"It's really nice to be with a lady again," I replied

.We gazed down on the array of foliage and watched other couples, holding hands while enjoying the atmosphere and each other. She surprised me by taking my hand in hers.

Smiling, she said, "I really don't do this, you know. I don't go around looking to pick up men at conferences."

"And I don't go to conferences looking for women to seduce, either, Holly. I'm just happy to have your company."

Hand in hand we walked down from the skywalk and toward the cafe bordering the atrium.

"How would you like another cup of coffee and some desert?" I asked.

"Sounds like a great idea," she answered.

We sat at a table near the edge of the gardens.

"This is so relaxing. I love the lights, the aroma of the flowers, the sounds of the fountain. I could sit here forever," she said.

"It's a lot better sitting here with an attractive woman than sitting alone in my room watching TV or catching up on work."

She smiled. We sat in silence for awhile. 

I asked, "So, Holly, what time do you open your booth in the morning?"

"9:00," she responded.

"That's when I have to be at my first session." I paused, then asked, "I hope you won't mind my asking, but would you like to get together for breakfast in the morning?"

"I'd love to, Mark. How about 8:00? My booth is already set up and I really don't have to get there before 8:45."Having agreed to meet the next morning, I offered to walk her to her room. When we arrived at her door, we stood awkwardly looking at each other for a few moments. I finally gave her a hug and a quick kiss on her cheek. As I leaned back, she put her hand behind my head, and drawing my face to hers, kissed me firmly on my lips.

"I really don't want the night to end this soon, Mark."

"I don't want it to end either, Holly. Would you like to go back and sit in the gardens? Or, do you think you might feel comfortable enjoying the view from my balcony?"

"I'd love to see it. I've never had a room here with a balcony view before. Let me freshen up a bit and change out of my business clothes. I can be at your room in a half hour or so."

"I think I'll take a quick shower and change too," I said.

I gave her my room number and told her, "Call me when you're ready. I'll come back and walk you to my room."

"That's very thoughtful, Mark, but it's really not necessary."

"I'll do it anyway. See you soon."

Forty-five minutes later, I knocked on her door. Her hair was down and she had changed into slacks, an orange T-shirt, and sandals.

"You look wonderful, Holly. Is the orange for Texas or Tennessee?"

"Both, I guess," she answered. "You must follow football to know their team colors."

"Yes, I like to watch college football. Being from Ohio, I'm a Buckeye fan."

As we walked toward my room, she said, "I hope you don't mind my glasses. I can only take my contacts for so long."

"I think you look great either way. I like your blue eyes, by the way."

She smiled.

As we walked to my suite, I told her that I had called room service and had some snacks sent up. When we arrived, we took a soft drink and bowls of chips and fruit out to the balcony.

"What a wonderful view," she remarked.

We sat, snacked, and talked about life in general. We found that we had much in common, our values and goals were very nearly the same .Around midnight, I asked her if she was ready to go back to her room. She nodded her head yes. I took her hand and we shared one last lingering look at the gardens below. We had another awkward moment at my door. 

Finally, I took her into my arms, held her close, and said, "I haven't enjoyed anyone's company as much as I have enjoyed being with you this evening, Holly."

"I feel the same way, Mark."

I leaned forward and kissed her gently. As our kiss continued, it grew more passionate. I parted her lips with my tongue and explored the inside of her mouth. She responded by pressing her body more closely to mine. Then, slipping her tongue into my mouth, she moved her hands to my hips and drew me closer. I surrounded her tongue with my lips and began sucking it. I put my hands on her hips, held her more tightly, and we began to grind our pelvises together. Suddenly, she broke off our kiss and moved slightly backward.

"Mark, I'm sorry. I'm not the kind of person who'll be passionate with just anybody. I don't do this. I don't have sex with strangers."

"I understand, Holly. And I don't have sex with any woman I meet. In fact, you are the first woman I've kissed since my divorce."

"Really? You're the first man I've kissed since mine."

We looked at each other, then I asked, "Do you want me to walk you back to your room now?"

"Yes ... I think ... No ... I mean ... I'm not sure what I want right now."

"Earlier you said that you didn't want the night to end this soon. Well, I didn't either, and I don't now, Holly. But it doesn't have to end with sex."

"But it probably would. I feel there's something between us, at least I feel like there is. Even though we only really just got to know each other this evening, there's something there. I'm attracted to you, Mark. I don't know about you, whether or not you feel it."

"I sure do, Holly. I know I like your company. I know I think you're an interesting woman. I know you're attractive and appealing to me. I know I loved the way you kissed me! And I know there is something about you that makes me want to be with you."


"I just don't know if I'm ready for any kind of a relationship, Mark. I'm afraid to let go. I don't want to be hurt again."

"I'm still kind of fragile too, Holly."

"But it would be wonderful to be made to feel like a woman again. Just to feel that someone likes me for what I am, just the way I am, to know that someone cares enough about me to show me real affection."

"I would love to make you feel that way, Holly. So, I guess we have two choices. I can either walk you back to your room or we can share some affection. If either one of us wants to stop at any point, we can."

"I would like that, Mark."

I smiled and asked, "Which? Your room or affection?"

"What do you think? I want to stay here longer. I want a chance to feel good about myself again, to know that I am still desirable."

I took her in my arms again, pulled her close, and held her for several moments

"You have no idea how desirable you are, Holly."

We kissed softly and tenderly. As before, the longer we kissed, the more passionate it became. We began to explore each others mouths, licking lips and sucking on tongues, pressing our bodies together.

"You really are a great kisser, Holly," I said. "I can only describe you as a full-body kissesr"

"And you are making me weak in my knees," she said. "Can we sit down on the bed and keep kissing and holding each other?"

I led her to the bed and sat on the edge. I held her tight with my head on her breast and caressed her back. She pushed me back and lay down beside me. Turning on our sides so that we were facing, we looked in each other's eyes for a moment, then she closed her eyes and brought her lips to mine. We kissed, at first softly, then more intensely. 

She opened her eyes, looked at me, and said, "I'm nervous about this, Mark."

"I am, too," I answered. "I haven't been with a woman since my divorce. But I'm so glad it's with you."

"I have no idea how, or even if, I'll respond. I haven't even allowed myself to think about sex for a long time. All I know is how it makes me feel good being with you, Mark, and how you make me feel like a woman again."

I smiled and said, "Well let's see if I can help take some of that nervousness away."

"Go slow, Mark. Give me time to get used to this, to let myself enjoy it."

I told her to lie on her stomach. I straddled her back, and began to caress her neck. She sighed as I kneaded it with my fingers. Sensing her tenseness begin to relax, I moved to her shoulders. I found her shoulders to be incredibly sexy.

"I love your shoulders," I said as I gently massaged the tenseness out of them.

After placing soft kisses on the back of her neck, I had her roll onto her back. I caressed lightly down an arm and began to massage her palm. Then I kissed my way down her arm to her hand, ending with a licking and sucking of her thumb and fingers. She sighed again. Moving to her other arm, I gave it the same attention. While sucking her little finger, I brushed the back of my hand across a breast. Her body shuddered. I noticed the growing hardness of her nipples as she responded to my touch. 

"Just a second, Mark," she said.

She sat up and removed her T-shirt and bra. Bending over, I flicked a nipple with my tongue. She moaned and took my head, slowly moving my lips to the other breast. I took a nipple into my mouth, swirling my tongue around the aureole. Sucking strongly on the nipple, I gave it a light nip.

"Ohhhh," she sighed, "That feels so good. It's been so long."

After spending time with each breast, I turned her onto her stomach again and lightly caressed her back. She sighed again. I moved slowly downward, covering her back with licks, and kisses and nips.  

"Raise your hips, Holly," I said. 

I pulled down her slacks and panties and dropped them onto the floor .Moving to her cheeks, I give a squeeze to each one. I could feel her continuing to relax. Moving my way from cheek to cheek, kissed and licked, giving attention to each. I sucked forcefully here, then there, leaving marks I found to be highly erotic and satisfying. A slight moan assured me that she liked attention in that place. I licked the crevice between her cheeks. She groaned softly. I spread her legs and massaged her thighs. I leaned down and worked my tongue up, then down, then along the insides of her thighs. I licked closer to her anus, hoping it would arouse her. I pressed my tongue against the opening. Her hips gave a slight twitch, and she spread her legs wider. As I sensed her passion build, her anus opened and my tongue pushed against her hole. The sounds of her pleasure and the squirming of her body excited me.

"Put your tongue in. Yessss ... Ooooo ... Ohooo ... as far as you can ... Ohooo ... it feels so good."

Alternating between in and out and circular motions, I probed the entrance to her anus. She met each thrust with a push of her body against my tongue. She raised her hips, shuddered, lowered herself, and began to grind her mound against the mattress. I pulled away, not wanting her to come too soon.

"Why did you stop?" she complained.

"I'm not ready for you to come yet," I told her.

I kissed my way down her legs, lingering in the area behind her knees. Licking there, I moved my hands upward and caressed her inner thighs. I grazed my fingers across her sex lips, noticing the wetness there. She groaned again. I returned my attention again to her legs, tenderly giving special attention to her calves, ankles, and feet. I gently lifted a foot and massaged the arch and sole, then kissed, licked, and sucked each toe.

"I don't know how you know just what to do to please me, Mark. But I am loving it."

"You wanted to feel like a woman. I'm going to make you feel like a sexy woman," I responded.

After giving her other foot the same attention, I turned her onto her back again. I traveled my way back up her legs, massaging, lightly caressing, kissing, licking, and sucking all the way. I pressed my palm against her mound. She arched her body, shuddered, and moaned. Hesitating a moment to take in her sensual aroma, I licked her outer lips. They were swelled from her arousal. I touched her inner lips with my tongue. She jerked as I parted them and probed inside with my tongue. I found her clitoris and slowly and gently licked it. She trembled and whimpered. I reached for her hardened nipples and twisted and pulled on them. Her body squirmed from the attention. I took her clitoris into my mouth, sucking and flicking it with my tongue. She cried out and surprised me when she unexpectedly exploded with an enormous orgasm. My face was covered with her come. Her body shook from the sensations flowing through her body. Not letting go, I continued to suck, lick, and caress her clit. She experienced several more orgasms before her body finally collapsed on the bed. 

She was silent until her breathing returned to normal, then she said, "I want you inside me, Mark."

"I don't carry condoms with me, Holly."

"It's OK, I just finished my period. I really need you inside me."

I stood up and removed my clothes, then leaned over her and placed my knees between her legs. She spread her legs further, took hold of my penis, and began sliding it up and down her wet lips.

I looked at her and asked, "Now?"

"Yes, now," she nodded.

I entered her, pushing deep. I held myself there as we closed our eyes, losing ourselves in the sensations.

"I had nearly forgotten just how good sex makes my body feel, Mark."

I pulled back slowly until I was almost outside of her and gently pushed deep into her again. We began slowly. She wrapped her legs across my hips and her arms around my back. As our passion grew, we began thrusting faster and faster, matching each other's rhythm. The sensation of her pressing and gripping my penis as I moved in and out brought me near the point of no return.

When I could feel her orgasm building, I plunged as deeply as I could and shouted, "Come with me, Holly!"

The moment my come spurted into her, she dug her nails into my back, screamed, "Mark," and came with me. She pressed her palms against the bed as we continued to orgasm together. Our fluids mixed, wetting where we were joined. She put her arms back around me, pulled me toward her, held me close, and kissed me deeply. Eventually, I rolled to my side, and we lay quietly, totally exhausted. After a while, I said, "Holly that was the most wonderful lovemaking that I've ever experienced. You made me feel so good. Thank you."

She smiled and said, "Me too."

She turned to her side and I spooned myself behind her.

After a few moments, I said, "Holly, you know, you don't have to leave. I have a wakeup call for 6:30 tomorrow morning."
