 As usual, I woke up at 6:30 on the dot. I stretched and immediately wished that Holly was there beside me. 

'What's going to happen,' I thought. 'I'm developing some deep feelings for Holly. I know that it isn't just the wonderful sex. I really enjoy her company.'

Being with her seems to fill some need that I wasn't aware I had. I told myself that we need to spend some time together without having sex. Just doing things together, talking about ourselves and our dreams, trying to see where we are in a relationship.

Reluctantly, I got out of bed. I spent the next half hour showering and shaving. I turned the TV on to the morning news. I thought I'd call Holly around 7:30 and ask what time she'd meet me for breakfast.

But, unexpectedly, just before 7:30, there was a knock on my door. It can't be Holly, already, I thought.

I walked to the door, opened it and there she stood, wearing a white sleeveless blouse, Capri's, and sandals. A single pearl on a golden chain draped around her neck. 

'Wow,'

I thought to myself.

With a big smile on her face, she asked, "Are you ready?"

"Ready for what?"

With a mischievous grin, she replied, "Breakfast and sex, or, sex and breakfast." Giggling, she continued, "I can't believe I'm saying things like that. What have you done to me? I can't get enough of you. I'm insatiable."

"I'm ... I'm ... I can't get enough of your either, Holly. But it goes much deeper than desiring your delectable body."

"I know, Mark, I know. Me too."

I reached for her, but she put her hands on her hips and said, "So, big boy. What's it going to be, breakfast and sex, or sex and breakfast."

Appearing thoughtful, I replied, "It'd better be sex first, then. I don't think I can do it on a full stomach."

She brushed beside me into the room. 

Dropping her purse on the chair, she turned and said, "As long as I am being so forward, tell me what you want. I know I'm in the mood for something different."

"OK. So I'm in charge then, right?"

"Right."

"You'll do anything I say, right?"

"Right, I'm yours to command." Then she added, "Because I trust you, Mark."

"Take off your blouse." 

She did

"Undo your bra and throw it across the room." 

Dramatically, she did as I asked.

"Cup your breasts. Good, now pull on your nipples until they are hard." 

She did.

"Lick your lips and bring a nipple to your mouth. Look me in the eyes and suck on one then the other. Let me hear a pop when you pull them out of your mouth."

She bent her head down and tried her best to keep eye contact while struggling to take a nipple into her mouth. I've never done anything like this before and, I must admit, it was starting to turn me on.

Pulling her mouth off a nipple, she impatiently asked, "Next?"

"Come to me." She walked toward me.

"Take off my shirt." She did.

"Cup your breasts and rub your nipples against mine."

As her nipples brushed across mine, I felt a twinge in my cock. This was really, really turning me on.

"Step back." 

She did.

"Unbutton your Capri's. Wiggle your hips and slowly pull them down. Good girl. Now pull your panties down just enough for me to see your pubic hair."

She did.

I was feeling more than a twinge in my cock by now.

"Turn around, bend over, and pull your panties down, enough so that I can see your marvelous cheeks."

The sight of her there before me almost made me want to rush over and shove my cock between her cheeks and deep into her pussy. I struggled for control.

"Pull your panties off and turn back around." 

She did. 

She looked gorgeous to me. I admired her body for a moment until I noticed she had raised a quizzical eyebrow.

"Now, come to me. Unbuckle my belt. Unbutton the top button. Unzip my fly." 

She did.

I took a deep breath to calm myself, then said. "Slowly pull my pants down." 

She did.

I stepped each leg out leaving my pants on the floor. 

"Look me in the eyes and pull my briefs down." 

She did.

"Slower," I said.

When my hardening cock was exposed, she leaned forward to take it into her mouth.

"No, not yet. Pull my briefs the rest of the way off." 

She did.

"Now, take me into your mouth. Reach up and play with my nipples at the same time."

She did. My legs began to feel weak.

"Stand."

As she stood, I knelt, grabbed her cheeks, pulled her pussy to my face, and began to rub my lips against her mound. She put her hands behind my head and pulled it tight against her pussy.

Suddenly, I had an idea. Something different she had said.

"Kneel with me." 

She did.

I laid down on my back and said, "Crawl over me, on your elbows and knees, facing my feet." 

She did.

With my cock inches from her lips and her pussy inches from mine, I said, "Lower your pussy. I'm going to make love to your pussy. I'm going to suck your clit until you beg me to stop. I want you to take my cock into your mouth. Take it deep down your throat; suck until my come explodes out of my cock. Suck me dry, swallow every drop." 

We started. 

Sensations overwhelmed me: the scent of her pussy, the smoothness of her pussy lips on my tongue, the stiffening of her clitoris between my lips, the taste of her juices. 

Other sensations: the feel of her lips moving rapidly up and down my cock, her throat squeezing tightly around my cock, her hands playing with my balls, fingers thrusting against my anus. 

More sensations: our sounds of moaning and groaning, needy sounds, the feel of our bodies thrashing against each other.

I felt her stiffen. I sucked strongly on her clitoris, reached around a leg, and thrust two fingers deep into her pussy. Taking her mouth off my cock, she screamed with a powerful orgasm. 

I continued sucking her clit and driving my fingers in and out of her pussy. She took my cock back into her mouth and resumed a frenzy of sucking my cock and fingering my anus. I felt her shudder with another orgasm but she didn't stop sucking and fingering.

Another shudder, another orgasm, all the while she drove me closer and closer to my own. 

I stiffened. Feeling me ready to come, she shook her hips. My lips lost her clit; my fingers came out of her pussy. Rising up on her knees, she took my cock to the back of her throat, squeezed tightly, and grabbed my balls. 

I came. Shouting her name, I came. She wouldn't stop. She sucked until I had no more come left. She swirled her tongue around the head of my cock. I could barely stand it, then I couldn't stand it any more.

"Stop," I asked her. 

She wouldn't.

I asked her again. 

She refused to stop, increasing her pressure, tormenting my cock. 

I begged her to stop. 

Still she wouldn't.

Finally, I rolled us to our sides and tried to push her mouth away. But she fought me, grabbing my cheeks more tightly. 

Struggling, I finally succeeded in getting my tortured cock out of her mouth.

After a few breathless moments, I heard her say, "I thought you said I was the one who was going to be begging you to stop."

-----

"So, what will you be having this morning," the waitress asked.

Holly looked at the menu, and then said, "I think I'll just have a large fruit cup and a blueberry muffin. Oh, and please bring me a cup of coffee."

Turning to me, the waitress said, "And how about you, sir?"

"I'm going to have the farm breakfast. Two eggs scrambled, ham, whole wheat toast, and an order of skillet fries on the side."

I noticed Holly grinning.

I continued, "I'll have orange juice and a cup of coffee too."

As the waitress walked away, Holly raised her eyebrows and continued grinning.

"What? It's not my fault I worked up a big appetite. I've had a very strenuous morning."

Holly just shook her head and continued smiling.

The waitress brought our coffee.

We each took a sip.

I looked at Holly and said, "We have to talk."

"Uh ... oh," she responded.

"No uh ... oh. Look, it's Thursday. I have to drive back to Ohio on Sunday. I've got a big problem."

She smiled and asked, "And what is that?"

"Holly, you've awakened feelings in me that I haven't experienced for a long time. I don't mean just the physical feelings. Don't get me wrong, our sex is great, but my feelings go a lot deeper than that. If it was just sex, I wouldn't miss being around you, hearing your voice, seeing your smile, looking forward to being with you again."

"Oh, is that all," she responded. "Then I've got a big problem too."

Before she could go on, the waitress brought our breakfast.

As we ate, we talked about everything but our feelings. We lingered at the table with a second cup of coffee while telling stories about our adventures at work.

Finally, I said, "Holly, let's go to the atrium, find a bench, and talk about our problem."

"Lead the way," she responded.

I paid for our meal. As we walked out of the restaurant, she took my hand. I looked at her and noticed she was smiling again.

"Why are you smiling so much this morning?"

"Being around you makes me smile."

"Oh."

We reached a bench and sat down.

"Want to tell me your problem now?"

Looking at me she said, "It's the same as yours, Mark. I'm feeling again. I have feelings for you. It's like I've come alive. I have emotions again. My body responds to you in ways I never thought possible. I never imagined that I'd ever be so physically satisfied, to need sex with you so much. I have a sense of humor again. I look forward to getting up in the morning knowing that I'll see you or hear from you. I'm more positive. My days seem ... I'm running out of breath."

I took her in my arms and held her. I released her but kept one arm around her shoulders. She laid her head on my shoulder and we sat quietly for awhile.

I asked, "Do you think we should try spending some time together without having sex?"

"Why would we ever want to do that?"

"Because I want you to know that sex isn't all I need from you. It's not all I want from you."

"I already know that, Mark."

"I'm having a difficult time expressing what I'm trying to say here, Holly."

"I think you're doing really well."

"Holly," I blurted, "do you think we can have a future together?"

"I'm so hoping so, Mark."

"We need to spend some time talking about our feelings, where we want our relationship to go, obstacles we probably need to overcome. This has all happened so fast."

She smiled and said, "Then can we have sex?"

"I'm serious, Holly."

"So am I. I had no idea that sex could be so good, could make me feel so good. I love making you feel good too."

"Let's go someplace where we can talk and not be bothered, then," I added with a smile of my own, "I'm really going to make you beg for mercy."

Smiling back at me, she responded, "Promises, promises."

-----

I followed her directions: 

Downtown Nashville. 

Centennial Park. 

That's where she took me. 

What an interesting place. I was stunned to see a full-size replica of the Parthenon as it must have looked like in ancient Athens, Greece. Holly told me it was built for some kind of exhibition in the 1890's.

"And inside," she added, "is a statue of the Greek goddess Athena, just like in the original one. The Parthenon has an art museum inside, too."

We strolled though the park, past beautiful flower gardens and a duck pond. We walked, hand in hand, long the path that goes around the park.

Finding an empty bench, Holly said, "Let's sit here and have our talk."

For hours we sat and talked. At one point, we walked to a nearby deli and picked up a picnic lunch. Returning to the park, we found a picnic table and continued our talking.

We shared our life histories, our interests, our goals in life. We talked about what attracted us to each other. We discussed what kind of life we might have together. We talked about what difficulties we might have to overcome in order to have a relationship. We talked about where we might live, about changing jobs. We tried to cover it all.

"It's just so much to think about," Holly said.

"We both have a lot of thinking to do. But there's really no hurry, nothing has to be decided right now," 

"I'm tired of thinking," she said. With another big smile she asked, "Can we go have sex now?"

-----

We returned to the hotel and hurried to my room. 

We slowly removed our clothing. I reached for her hand. Drawing her to me, I placed my lips on hers. With our lips still together, she pulled me toward the bed. We continued to hold one another, allowing our bodies to melt together, gently kissing, arms grasping each other tightly. Soon my cock began to harden. Reaching down, she took it and placed it between her thighs and against her pussy. We began a slow rocking motion. The feel of her body next to mine sent sensations through me that I could hardly bear. She, too, was surrendering to her emotions. As our passion built, our kisses became stronger and longer. Our bodies pressed more tightly against each other. Our hands explored every surface we could reach. 

We sat on the edge of the bed. Caressing each other's face, we looked intently into the other's eyes. I kissed her neck and her shoulders. I continued downward and began lick my tongue on each hardening nipple. She shuddered slightly. 

"Suck them," she said as she held first one, then the other for me to enjoy. 

She pulled my head up and began to kiss my forehead, then my cheeks. After running her tongue along my jaw line, she moved to my neck and chest. When her lips found my nipples, sensations poured through my body. I bent my knee, knelt down onto the floor, and began to lick and kiss her abdomen. I continued down her legs to her knees. I turned her slightly, kissed and licked behind her knee, then ran my tongue up her thighs. I felt her body tremble. 

Moving her onto her back, I began working my way up the insides of her legs, intending to bury my face and lose myself in her sweet smelling pussy. I wanted the feel of her clit between my lips. 

Arriving where I wanted to be, I made one lick with my tongue along her swollen lips. She groaned. I spread her outer lips and caressed their walls with my tongue. Her inner lips began to open and I probed her slit with my tongue. I pushed my tongue deep inside of her. She moaned, and, with her fingers, opened herself wide for me. I removed my tongue and sucked hard on her clit. I plunged two fingers inside of her,. Her body nearly leaped off the bed. She flinched with each suck on her clit. Her hips began to buck. Suddenly, she came with a powerful orgasm. I continued sucking her clit

"Stop. I can't take anymore. Please." 

I didn't.

"Please, Mark. Stop."

I wouldn't.

"Please Mark, I want you inside me," she gasped.

I stood up and we locked eyes. A look of pure passion passed between us. She spread her legs for me. I moistened myself against her moist pussy, then entered her. 

"Oh, Mark," she cried, "You feel so good."

I started out slowly, wanting these moments to last forever. After several thrusts, she began to meet me stroke for stroke. I propped on my elbows to keep my weight off of her. She wrapped her legs around my waist. I don't know how long we lost ourselves in the feel of my cock moving in and out of her pussy. We began to pant and move faster.

Suddenly, she rolled me onto my back without allowing my cock to slip from her pussy's grip. She sat on me so that she could control the force, the depth, and the tempo of my hard shaft entering into and out of her. She leaned forward until my cock was almost outside, then leaned back. Over and over, thrusting me deeper and deeper, faster and faster, our bodies slapping against each other. 

We both felt the orgasm coming. I made one final plunge, the tip of my penis pressing against the back of back of her pussy. She fell on me, and, clutching each other tightly, we came together. 

She screamed my name with her orgasm.

I shouted hers with mine. I felt my semen spurting into her. With the walls of her pussy gripping me tightly, her juices and my semen flowed covering my cock, my scrotum, her pussy, and our thighs. 

We collapsed into each other's arms, my cock deeply impaled inside of her. 

For what seemed an eternity, we both said nothing. 

Then, slowly, she began rotating her pelvis against my groin. Before long, I was hard again and thrusting rapidly in and out of her. She matched furiously my every thrust with one of her own. We both came again, even louder this time. 

We pulled apart, and, with her hand on my cock and my hand on her pussy, we fell onto our backs totally exhausted.

After awhile I said, "You really didn't want me to stop, did you?"

"No."

"You weren't really begging for mercy were you?" I asked.

"No," she said with a mischievous smile, "I just wanted you to think you were keeping your promise."

I laughed and covered her ears, eyes, and mouth with kisses.

-----

"Mark?"

"Yes?"

"It's been a long day. I'm physically and emotionally drained. I think I need to go home and recover."

"I need some time too. Would you like to get some supper first?"

"No, I'm not hungry just now."

"OK. Will you call me when you get home?"

"I will."

We got dressed and I walked her to the door. We held each other close for a moment, then shared a kiss.

As she opened the door, I said, "Holly, I've got a confession to make."

"What's that?"

"I'm falling in love with you."

Another smile, "And I'm falling in love with you too, Mark."

"Bye," she waved.

"Bye."