 As evening fell, we knew our picnic had to come to an end. Gathering up the containers and waste, we packed them in the picnic basket, and e walked hand and hand silently back to her car.

When we arrived, I said, "Holly, you've really worn me out the last three days. Would you mind taking me back to the hotel? I need some time to recuperate." 

"I've got some things I need to get done ... laundry, grocery shopping, straightening the house ..." 

"And I really should work on the curriculum for a digital camera class. Hesitating, I added, "I also need some time to process the last several days."

"I need some time too, Mark. I have to work through feelings that I haven't felt for awhile. Why don't we take tomorrow off then? Would you like come for breakfast on Wednesday?"

Smiling, I said, "It depends on what's on the plate."

"Well, what would your favorite breakfast be? I mean, besides me, of course."

"Darn, and here I was thinking about the scent and taste of you. Well, if I can't have you, how about bacon, two eggs over easy, wheat toast with black raspberry jam, home fried potatoes, orange juice, a glass of milk, and topped off with a cup of coffee."

"That's a huge breakfast! Do you always eat that much?"

"Only when I think I'll need a lot of energy for some enjoyable exercise," I answered. 

"And just what kind of exercise do you think you'll be enjoying?"

"Oh, I'll let you decide that," I said with a smile.

When we arrived at my hotel, we held each other and shared a tender kiss. 

She gave me a paper with her home and cell phone number, "In case you would need to get in touch with me," she said. "Don't forget, 9:00 Wednesday morning."

"As if I could ever forget, Holly"

I watched her pull away. She smiled and waved. While I walked to my room, I felt emptiness in my stomach.

I kept myself busy the next day. I made much progress on the curriculum I was writing. I made some calls to my school, checking to see how things were going and if anything needed my attention. I took a nap. I went for a swim in the pool and ate supper alone. It didn't matter what I did, I found that Holly was never far from my mind. I walked to a nearby store, bought some snacks, and, after some hesitation, condoms. After supper, I tried to watch TV, but couldn't concentrate. I found myself needing to hear Holly's voice.

Picking up phone, I dialed her number.

She answered, "Hi Mark."

"Hi Holly, how did you know it was me?"

"I just knew you were going to call. I had a feeling that you might be missing me."

"Well, you're right. Are you missing me a little too?"

"You have no idea," she replied. 

"I haven't felt this way in ages, Holly."

"Neither have I."

Silence ...

"How was your day?" I asked. 

"It went fine. I got a lot done. What about you?"

"I got a lot done too, but it was a long, long day."

"I know what you mean. Tomorrow morning can't come soon enough."

"For me either."

More silence ...

Finally she said, "Well, I'll let you go ... you really need to rest up for tomorrow."

"Really? Why is that?"

"You'll find out tomorrow."

"I'm looking forward to breakfast," I said.

As though insulted, Holly replied, "And not looking forward to me?"

"Holly, I ...," I started. 

"I know Mark, I know. Let's talk tomorrow."

"OK. You be sure to get plenty of rest yourself."

"I will. See you tomorrow."

"Yes, see you tomorrow."

"Bye ..."

"Bye ..."

I fell into bed, but sleep was slow to come. I was trying to sort out my growing feelings for Holly in my mind.

The next morning I showered and put on jeans and a polo shirt. I headed for the parking garage with extra energy in my step. Pulling out of the garage, I followed Holly's directions to her home, 

As soon as I was in the door, we fell into each other's arms, holding tight and kissing hungrily. Without pulling our lips apart, we wiggled out of our clothes down to our underclothes. I began caressing her back as she pressed her body against mine. I moved to her neck, kissing and nipping at her ear. I felt a shudder course through her body. I turned her around, pressed my cock against her ass, and unsnapped her bra. As I continued kissing her neck and ears, my hands found her breasts. She caught her breath as I pressed my body against hers. I reached down and free my cock from my briefs. My cock found its way into the crevice between her cheeks and I began slowly pumping it back and forth. I began to knead her breasts. I pinched and twisted her nipples and felt them instantly harden.

"To the bedroom ..." she gasped.

I picked her up and carried her to the bed. I laid her on her back and knelt down beside the bed. I ran my fingers along her inner thighs. She began to squirm. I reached for the top of her panties. I pulled them down, past her knees to her ankles. She kicked them off frantically. I began caressing up the outside of her legs and thighs. Spreading her legs, I kissed and licked down the insides of her thighs. Her body trembled as I made my way slowly back up. I placed a soft kiss on the outer lips of her pussy. She uttered a moan. , pulled my head tightly between her legs, and pressed it against her mound. She moved my head back and forth, caressing her pussy lips with my mouth.

"Please, lick me," she gasped.

Instead, I moved my lips down her legs, teasingly kissing and licking inside her thighs as I went. She groaned in frustration.

As I worked my way back to her sex, she cried, "Hurry ... please ... I need you to ... now ... yes ..."

She grabbed my head as I widened her already wet outer lips and began licking inside.

I lifted my mouth and said, "I love your taste and aroma, Holly."

She answered by pulling my head more strongly against her pussy. I probed with my tongue and opened her inner lips, suckling and nibbling on each side. She ground her mound against my mouth.

Breathlessly, she cried "Make me come, make me come!"

I spread her inner lips with my fingers and found her clitoris. I flicked my tongue across it. Her body jumped at the sensation. I took her center of pleasure between my lips and began sucking in and out as strongly as I could. I stopped sucking and ran my tongue around her sensitized clitoris.

"Suck it again, suck it again," she pleaded. Just as I pulled her clit between my lips, she came with a scream. Her flowing juices covered my mouth and ran down her legs.

"Inside me ... now," she demanded.

Removing my briefs, I stood up, and positioned myself between her legs. But before I could enter her, she leaned forward and took my cock into her mouth. She moved her lips up and down the length of my staff. She looked at me with hunger in eyes as she sucked me rapidly in and out of her mouth. I closed my eyes, losing myself in the sensations. When I could take her sucking no more, I gently pushed her back. I rubbed the head of my cock back and forth against her opening.

"Please ...," she screamed.

I hesitated for a moment, and then thrust inside of her. She wrapped her legs around my hips, her arms around my shoulders ... and we began. I furiously drove my hardened cock in and out of her. She met my every thrust, lifting her pussy so I penetrated to the very back of her pussy. We didn't, we couldn't last long. I came with a shout, she screamed with an orgasm. I collapsed on top of her then rolled to my side next to her. She threw a leg over my hips. We lay still, my throbbing cock still deep inside while the walls of her pussy squeezed spasmodically.

When we recovered, she said, "About breakfast ..."

We stood up and put our clothes back on. I followed her to the kitchen. 

She looked at me with a smile and asked, "How do you like your potatoes?"

"Me, I usually cut them up into little cubes," I replied. "Let me do the potatoes while you get everything else going."

"No, I want to do breakfast myself. I'll make the coffee and you can sit at the table and read the morning paper."

While I sat, I enjoyed watching her, much more than the coffee and newspaper. Soon, the kitchen was filled with the aroma of frying potatoes and onions. 

"How did you know to put onions in the potatoes? I always fix them that way myself."

"That's just the way I grew up. Mom always put onions in to add some flavor and I've just fixed potatoes that way ever since."

I stood and walked up behind her. Putting my arms around her waist and lightly kissing her neck, I said, "Thanks, Holly. I appreciate your fixing breakfast like this."

"It's my pleasure, or should I say your pleasure."

"You pleasure me in so many ways, Holly."

Turning, she smiled and gave me a peck on the cheek. 

"Now go back and sit down. You're distracting me."

Soon, the scent of bacon joined the other aromas filling the kitchen. 

"My stomach is growling," I said. 

"It won't be long," she replied.

Soon, Holly set plates, silverware, followed by platters of bacon, fried eggs, potatoes, and toast on the table. Then she brought glasses of milk and orange juice. 

"Oh, I almost forgot. There's black raspberry jam."

"Mmmmmm," I sighed.

"I thought the mmmmm's were for me," she complained.

I looked at her and said, "They are. But for you I prefer to moan and groan and squeal and screech."

"Oh, OK then," she responded with a grin.

After breakfast, over coffee, Holly asked me if there was anything I'd like to see in Nashville. 

"I think I'd like to visit The Hermitage, Andrew Jackson's home," I replied. 

"Well, let's clean up and I'll take you there."

Before long, we were on our way to The Hermitage. After paying admission at the Visitor's Center, we watched the introductory film. Then we toured The Hermitage mansion. While touring the gardens, we enjoyed walking among the beautiful flowers. I was impressed by the tomb where Jackson and his wife are buried. Holly suggested that we take the wagon tour to the slavery and farming exhibits.

After several hours in the warm and humid weather, we were soaked with perspiration and decided it was time to leave. Holly drove us by the Tulip Grove mansion and the Hermitage church on our way back to her house.

We went inside, thankful for air conditioning. 

"I'm so hot and sweaty, I need to take a shower," she said

"Can I watch," I asked.

"I've got a better idea Mark. Since we're both hot and sweaty, why don't we take a shower together?"

I hesitated when Holly suggested we take a shower together. I guess I'm relatively fit for a 54 year old. Weather permitting, I walk or bike three or four times a week. It's one thing to lie beside her making love, but something else to stand fully naked before her eyes. I have that that slight paunch around my middle, complete with love-handles, that we males are prone to grow after middle age. Embarrassed? Yes, especially after becoming so familiar with her trim body. Not having had children, her body displayed no after effects of pregnancy and child birth. Her breasts were still what I would call perky, upturned and solid. Though not a hard-body, her tummy was flat and her hips firm. Her thighs and calves were not overly fleshy. All in all, her shapeliness made her any man's fantasy. 

"How do you do it, Holly," I asked. "How do you keep your self in such great shape?"

"I just watch what I eat and walk a lot in the park. I also have a membership to a gym, but I don't go as often as I should."

"You look perfect to me, Holly."

"Any you look great to me too."

"Even with my gut?"

"Oh Mark, what I like about you is not how you look, its how you look at the world. You're so caring, so giving, so positive. I like the way you laugh, and the way you smile. I like the way you make me smile. Your body is just where the real you lives." 

I took her into my arms, looked into her eyes, and said softly, "It's the same with me, Holly. You make me feel like I'm not alone, that you're not just someone with me, you're there beside me. Even yesterday when you weren't there, it's like you were, and it made me feel like all's right with the world. It's really hard for me to put how I feel into words. But it's not really about words. It's about this feeling that's growing deep down inside of me."

We stood holding each other. After a few moments, she said, "If you keep talking like that you're going to make me cry."

"Then, let's make love instead," I said.

"Naked, in the shower, together," she replied.

I slowly began undressing Holly. Unbuttoning her blouse, I lifted it off of her shoulders. I kissed her neck while kneading her breasts with my hands. Reaching behind her, I unsnapped her bra and let it fall to the floor. Kneeling, I cupped her breasts and licked a nipple. She shuddered, took my head and moved it to her other nipple. I licked around her nipple the slowly drew it into my mouth. Holding it firmly with my lips, I swirled my tongue around and across the hardened nipple. She moaned. I moved my mouth to the other nipple and repeated the attention. Still gripping a nipple in my mouth, I moved my hands to her jeans. Drawing down the zipper, I opened the front of her jeans and pulled them down to her ankles. Putting my hands on her ass, I began kissing down her rib cage. I stopped to lick circles around her navel, occasionally darting my tongue inside. Continuing downward, I pressed my lips on her abdomen and sucked strongly here and there. Groaning, she took my head and held in against her panty-covered pussy. The smell of her sex juices, already soaking her panties, made me long to taste her again. She quickly pulled her panties down. Grabbing her hips, I pulled her pussy to my mouth and licked between the folds, lapping and sucking her juices. Finding her clit, I gave it a flick with my tongue then pulled it strongly between my lips. She cried out and pushed my head way.

"Not yet," she gasped, "I have to get you ready."

She took my hands and pulled me up. Putting her arms around me, she pressed her lips against mine and ground her pelvis against my crouch. Smiling, she pulled my shirt over my head. She took my head, kissed me hard, and pressed her still-erect nipples against my chest. Breaking the kiss, she dropped to her knees. Unbuckling my belt and unzipping my fly, she pulled my jeans and briefs down. As I stepped out of them, she reached for my cock with one hand and cupped my balls with the other. Looking into my eyes, she swirled her tongue around the head of my cock and licked off my pre-cum. Still making eye contact, she wrapped her lips around my engorged cock and pulled it to the back of her throat. I took her head and held myself inside. Keeping me deep, she made sucking motions with her warm mouth. My hips bucked involuntarily. She pulled off my cock and wet the fingers of one hand. She took my cock deep again and, continuing her sucking, pressed her moist fingers against my anus. I moaned, then groaned as she removed her fingers and pulled her mouth off my cock. 

"We need to get into the shower and finish this," she said.

She bent over the tub and turned the water on. At the sight of her ass, I quickly dropped to my knees and licked her from her clitoris to her anus. She responded by wiggling her ass against my probing tongue while she tested the warmth of the water. 

"OK ... let's get inside ... now ...," she demanded.

We stepped into the shower. While standing facing one another, we allowed the water to spray against our bodies. We pressed together, my cock slipping between her legs and against her pussy. She moved her hips back and forth against my slippery cock. 

"Let me lather you with soap and wash your body from head to toe," I said breathlessly. 

"I don't think so ... I need you to make love to me now ... make love to me hard ... drive me out of my mind."

Her words excited me. I quickly turned her around and spread her cheeks. She leaned forward and placed her hands on the wall. I drove my cock into her waiting pussy. I plunged it in and out of her pussy with abandon. She thrust back. Her hips bucked. I felt my orgasm building. 

"I'm going to come," I shouted.

As my semen shot into her, she reared her head back and screamed with her own orgasm. I continued thrusting and she had a second orgasm. Her knees buckled, I reached out and held her up, and kept driving in and out of her. Her body shuddered and her pussy pulsated around my cock as she came a third time. 

We stayed like that, her arms against the wall, my arms around her waist, and my cock impaled deeply into her pussy.

Finally she said weakly, "Now you can wash me."

I took a washcloth and lathered it with soap. Starting with face, I gently washed her forehead. As she closed her eyes, I drew the washcloth softly across her closed eyelids, then to each cheek, and finally to her neck and chin. Applying more soap, I washed her neck, shoulders, and down her arms. She sighed as I washed each finger of one hand, then the other. I next gave attention to her breasts. The moment I touched her nipples she gasped. Using the cloth, I made circles around her nipples. Through the cloth, I pulled on a nipple with my thumb, index finger, and middle finger. She pressed my hands to her breasts. Turning her around, I washed her neck and down her back. Kneeling, I spread her legs and lightly moved the cloth up and down the inside of her thighs. She moaned and spread her legs wider. I pulled it lightly between her legs, applying gentle pressure to her anus. Stopping so I could move to her feet caused a groan to escape from her lips. She turned around, and moved her pussy close to my face. I added more lather to the cloth and moved it slowly back and forth across her swollen pussy lips. She took my hand and pressed it firmly against her clit. With a slight shudder or her body, she had a quiet orgasm. 

"Thank you, Mark," she said breathlessly, "I didn't know I could come so many times."

She pulled me to my feet and took the washcloth from my hand. She then proceeded to wash me as I had washed her. She did my face, my neck, and my shoulders. Turning me around, she washed my back, down my legs, and my feet. She twisted me back so that I was facing her and gave me a deeply passionate kiss. Her tongue darted in and out of my mouth, occasionally twisting it around mine. Feeling my cock hardening, she knelt and tenderly bathed it with the cloth. She spread my legs and rubbed the cloth against my balls and my anus. My cock twitched. She dropped the cloth and sucked my cock deep into her mouth. Looking me in the eye, she began moving her lips up and down my cock. Reaching up she teased my nipples, squeezing and pulling. 

Without taking my cock out of her mouth, I heard her murmur, "Come, Mark. Come in my mouth." 

Pressing a finger against my anus again sent me over the top and what come I had left squirted weakly into her mouth. She continued sucking until I softened, then pulled her mouth off my cock.

Exhausted, we climbed out of the shower and affectionately dried each other off.

We stood looking at each other a moment. A tear formed in her left eye and ran slowly down her cheek. I stepped toward her and took her into my arms. 

"I feel it too, Holly," I said. "I don't know where to begin ... what to ... sorry ... I mean ... Oh, I'm just a jumble of emotions. All I can say is that I have never felt before the way I am feeling now ... the way you make me feel."

She whispered into my ear, "I never knew a man and a woman could feel this way ... could enjoy each other's company so much ... that sex could ever be this exciting."

We held each other for a while longer, and then Holly breathed in and asked, "Would you like to stay for supper?"

"Holly, I think the thing we need most right now is for me to go back to the hotel. We both have a lot of deep feelings to sort through."

With a sigh of relief she responded, "I feel that way too."
