 “Wow, thanks! You’re sure it’s ok?!” 

“Yes, definitely. I wouldn’t offer it I didn’t mean it.” 

“Alright…I’m taking you up on it. It’ll be a good time.”

And that was that. I hung up, surprised yet excited. I had just been offered to share an already-paid for room for an upcoming work conference. Not only that, I was going to be sharing it with a friend and co-worker who I had only met a few months ago. I thought back to my first NAFSA conference where I had shared a room with my director. He was a great guy and I had learned a lot from our conversations in and out of the room during the conference. But, undoubtedly, a sexy woman was sure going to beat an old guy in white briefs.

I found myself slightly surprised that she would offer to share her room. She seemed so private. And she seemed to be somewhat annoyed by my juvenile antics. Yet, I also knew she enjoyed the conversations we had relating to work. We had also both spent considerable time in the Midwest, which gave us an obvious connection. It would be interesting I decided. 

As the weeks passed, I found myself contemplating the conference. Actually, I wasn’t really thinking about the conference so much as I was thinking about the hotel I would be staying in and the person I’d be staying with. Would I have to sleep on the couch? Would there be any opportunity to sleep in the bed with her? I had no idea. But my constant thoughts led to some nervousness. In the end, I had no idea how it would all play out. Then, everything changed. Another friend of ours announced she was also staying with us. Now, after the fleeting thoughts of a wild threesome that might have been the pinnacle of my sexual career, I realized my curiosities were all pretty much dead. I would most certainly be enjoying the view from the couch. And there was never going to be any threesome, lesbian affair, or other type of rude male sexual fantasy. I could’ve spent countless hours hoping but it was futile. Not only was there going to be no female sex, I was going to have no opportunity to conveniently slide into the spoon position at about 3 in the morning during a period of supposedly deep sleep. 

I relegated myself to this future and realized that, although some avenues had closed, others were wide open. I had the chance to go spend a full week with two really great girls and get to know them better. I got over my early disappointment and all was well. This didn’t mean that the previous thoughts were gone but only that they lingered in my subconscious instead of positioning themselves on the forefront of my daily thoughts. 

The final weeks passed and suddenly I found myself fumbling around the lobby trying to find the girls who I was staying with. I knew I was late and had arrived in the middle of a networking event but I felt like a moron in my baseball cap and sneakers in the hotel lobby. If I had been standing in a Days Inn or even a Holiday Inn, I wouldn’t have even passed the thought. But this hotel reeked of glamour. Designed for the wealthy, powerful, and apparently, those attending a conference in town. In the end, I found my lady friends who helped me find the room and then informed me that we were going out. That was the best news around. I needed a drink…or a few…and no better way to get the conference started. 

It was a solid night. Nothing extravagant or news-breaking, but a solid night. The rest of the conference went on similarly. Interesting sessions, nice people, hot weather, and work socials in the evening. I was having a good time and so were the girls. Women, I should say. Day after day passed uneventfully. Each night I found myself in a bed of discarded quilts on the floor. It wasn’t uncomfortable but it sure wasn’t like being snuggled between two women in the bed. I found it enjoyable to be living in a hotel with these two. It allowed me to get to know them differently. I wondered about what they packed and what type of travelers each of them was. I wondered if one could learn a little or a lot about them by seeing what was in their suitcases. I never did look, but I found myself extremely curious about their underwear and intimate items. I think it was because I could be getting ready at the sink while one of them was behind a single door showering. It was almost too much. I dared peek many times but I just couldn’t bring myself to do it. If I were to be caught, what would I say? “Sorry?” It didn’t seem like enough. “Oh, I simply couldn’t help my sorry ass because I was dying to see what the water looks like cascading off of your skin?” Hmmm, that one seemed to have a bit more credibility but I didn’t exactly think it would get me out of hot water. I also considered, “I’m doing research on women’s shaving patterns and was curious how you shave yourself”. Ok, I only considered it for about a second. 

Whatever the case, I realized something. It was what I knew and had thought when I had first been offered to share the room. I was curious and turned on by the woman who had offered to share. She was private. Mysterious. Intelligent , always taking in information and shaping thoughts about people. She was also very pretty. With shimmering brown hair past her chin, rich brown eyes, and a warm smile. Her body was extremely athletic. She was a runner and swimmer and it showed. Slim and firm, everywhere. It appeared that there was not an ounce of fat. Her breasts were small but worked perfectly with her body. And, anyway, I loved small breasts. All that really matters with breasts is sensation and, as long as one’s breasts are sensitive, I’m extremely turned on. I imagined her nipples were quite sexy and stood out firmly when aroused. I wanted to swirl my tongue around them, leaving a trail of warm saliva over her aereolas. Then gently kiss and suck her hardened nipple, taking it in my mouth. That would be the ultimate conference! 

So this is how it went. I would consider her and then find myself enraptured in visions of sexuality. Enticing her, coercing her, stealing her. So, back to her body. I’m a leg man and she had great legs. Strong and slim. Just how I liked a woman’s legs to be. The kind you could lick all day. The kind that would lock you in and pull you deeper…each and every time. I also enjoyed things like her jewelry. She had great rings. They were always silver and shiny, which was so feminine. But some of the rings were rather large and had a great contradiction within them. Shiny and silver, all things feminine, yet large, which was more masculine. I was sort of internally embarrassed to admit it but the rings drew me to her hands and conjured images of her firm grip around my shaft, stroking me gently. Holding my hardened shaft firmly, therein controlling me. There were a few sessions at the conference where I found these visions racing through my mind and I would look down to notice my hips gyrating gently in my chair. “Damn, I hope no one saw that. What the hell…calm down,” would run through my mind about 20 times until my raging hard-on would ease up ever so slightly. 

So, back to my point from minutes ago. The girl was very cute. Sexy in a sweet and innocent way. Intelligent and strong. Filled with mystery and intrigue. In the five months that I had known her, I had never been able to break through the exterior. And I had to admit that I was curious. Curious about what made her tick, what made her nervous, why she was so private, why she was there but not, all at the same time. I also wanted to know the lame guy things like what kind of underwear did she wear? Did she enjoy being eaten out? Was she a moaner? A screamer? A talker? Quiet? If I could only get in that bed! Wait. That would only encourage the bulge in my pants that had never really died down from the day’s sessions. And with two girls in the room it was tough to find a time for sexual release. 

Anyway, the conference was in its final night and our friend, the third roommate, was off networking in an attempt to secure a new job. She had given me access to this woman. The woman who I had thought of so many times as a curiosity, a confusion, a colleague, an object of my desire. She was a Taurus. I was a Scorpio. Both of intensity and both supposedly of intense intimacy. Was she as the book read? Was she a wild child like me? Just waiting to be unleashed in a comfortable environment?! 

Whatever the case, she and I were now standing face to face in a bar, debating between entering yet another reception or shooting off to see Journey, the ultimate band of the 1980s. We chose Journey and thankfully so. I was thrilled. We made our way into the show and found some seats up near the rafters. Journey was already on but had only started a few minutes prior. The show was great. They sounded awesome and we were both mouthing the lyrics. It was a relaxing event. Four days of constant networking and business talk replaced by an hour of classic songs, mindlessness, and relaxation. The only hindrance was that in my state of pure bliss, I was being taunted by visions of fucking her. It was the first thing we had done together…alone…and it was exciting in some strange way. It heightened everything I had already thought…the daydreams of making out with her, maybe going further. Maybe even having the chance to have sex…and become lost in the wild throes of passion and ‘fucking’. The concert seemed to fade in and out, like an AM radio on a country road. I needed to clear my head before I ended up back at the point of making some excuse for peeking at her while she was showering. 

As if no time had passed, the show ended. We made our way back to the hotel and settled in. Tomorrow was the last day of the conference. Our third roomie had to be up early for an interview, which was good news for those of us that wanted to catch some extra sleep. So, my object of now-intense sexual desire and I agreed to sleep in later, get cleaned up, grab some coffee, and slowly meander over to the conference fashionably late. 

Apparently I drifted off to sleep quickly because I remember nothing until the piercing shrill of the alarm shot into my ears and through my body. “Damn, can’t anyone come up with a better solution than these horrible-sounding noise makers”, I thought to myself as I rolled over and hit the snooze button. A few snooze smacks later and I decided I had better get up. As much as I wanted to continue my slumber I knew I needed to respect the schedule of my hotel mate. 

So, laboriously I made my way to the bathroom. I realized I was alone. “Must be out for a run or something,” I thought to myself as I stared back at myself in the mirror. This might have been the first time I had been alone in the room. Under any other circumstance I would’ve taken full opportunity to release my pent-up sexual desires. However, I could barely focus my eyes, let alone stroke my cock. Off to the shower I went. 

Once in the steaming water cascaded over my head to my shoulders and then down the rest of my body. The heat felt great and it slowly brought me to life. I lathered up and enjoyed the soft massage I was giving myself while rubbing my skin with soapy hands. In my awakening, I found my body becoming extremely sensitive and excited. Soon I was gently sliding my soapy hands along my thighs and over my now hardening prick. My other hand found its way to my balls and I began massaging them while sliding up and down on my shaft. Oh, it felt great. The hand that had been on my testicles slid between my legs and began massaging the area in between my balls and asshole. “Ohhhhh, mmmmmm”, escaped from my mouth. By now I was wide-awake. Fully sensitized and in need of some lovin’. For some reason, instead of finishing myself off I thought better and finished my shower. Soon I would be home and in the comfort of my own room. There I would be able to cum all night long. 

I turned off the water and reached for my towel. Except that my towel wasn’t there. I realized that I had left it next to my suitcase across the room. So, I ambled out of the shower area and made my way naked and dripping through the bathroom and towards my bag. 

“Hey”, I heard as I rounded the corner. My friend had returned from her run and now stood face-to-face with me. Sweat slowly cascading down her body from a morning jog and water turning cold on my obviously naked body. I couldn’t move, much less stammer out a response. Her face showed an equivalent amount of shock. In the 5 seconds of this exchange, I found myself paralyzed. Except, of course, for my cock. It was now fully hard and pointing out at her. The head red and bulging. Although I never looked down, I can only imagine pre-cum was coating the tip. She had never seen me without a shirt on much less nothing at all. This was possibly the most bittersweet moment I could think of. Naked and ready for a wild sexual experience with this woman, yet incapable of movement or thought. 

Finally, she broke the silence, “Are you happy to see me this morning?” 

“Oh my God, I’m, um, I’m, I mean I was…yeah, I guess I can’t really hide that.”

I felt like I couldn’t escape her stare, which was not all bad but not so much under the current circumstances. By now I was steaming hot in one area and freezing in the others. The cold water combined with my extreme nervousness had my shivering. In reality, this situation wouldn’t have been so bad had I not gotten hard instantly. At this point I figured I had nothing to lose. As my brain began to unfreeze, I said, “Yeah, uh well, you’re very sexy and so, yeah, I’m obviously happy to see you.”

She replied, “Do you mean that?”

“Yeah I mean that.” By now I had grabbed my towel and was drying myself. There was no point in covering up. My cock was rock hard and I figured why hide the man of the hour. I continued, “You’re definitely sexy. And spending all of these nights in this room with sexy women, smelling perfume, and then seeing you all hot and sweaty from a run…I guess my other head just sort of took over.” 

“I’m flattered.”

“Really…you don’t mind and think it’s gross?”

“No, it’s sort of cute.” “But it looks like you have a problem to take care of, so I’m going to get in the shower. Are you going to be ok?” 

“Yeah, I’ll be fine. I’ll let you know if I need some help.”

“Now there’s an idea.”

And she was off for the shower. “What kind of a response was that?! Did she mean it was a good idea? Was she being facetious? Damn, I hate when this happens. I’m already low on mental stability and then that.” By this point my boner had faded. I walked over to the sink to put my lotion on and saw that the door to the shower room was open. She had never left it open at any other point during the week. I thought to myself there’s no way she just left it open mistakenly. But shit, if she did and I walked in, I’d never be able to regain credibility with her. By this point, though, I wasn’t sure it mattered.

Slowly, I proceeded. I tried to walk in slowly to give her time to notice I was approaching. Nothing. No comment, which was potentially neither good nor bad. I put my hand on the door and slowly began to pull. Every muscle in my hand shook with endorphins. One inch, two inches…and then I opened it all the way. She just looked at me. And said nothing. I stepped in and grabbed the soap from the tray. I put one hand on her waist and used the other to run the soap along her body. She was just as I had imagined. Slim, sexy, firm. My hardness had returned and my cock appeared to be straining against its own skin. 

To this point I hadn’t really looked at her. But when I did our eyes met and we moved towards each other. Suddenly her lips were on mine. I felt them against the soft skin of mine. Softly kissing them and pulling away. Then again, over and over. Getting to know her lips. They were soft, yet firm. And expressive. We began to kiss a bit more intensely. Full kisses, with strength. Our tongues would dance with each other’s occasionally. I felt relieved. I hadn’t made a mistake. Yet now I was screaming inside. Dying for more. As our kisses intensified, our hands began to explore each other’s bodies. We began to move in and now my penis was pressed against her stomach. She was feeling all of me. 

I ran my fingers through her soaked and soapy hair, and then down over her ears. I spent considerable time gently touching the nape of her neck just before making my way to it with my lips. At first I laid gentle kisses on her smooth skin, allowing her to grow comfortable with my advances. She moaned gently and held me tight. The soft kisses became slightly firmer, my tongue now massaging her curves, making its way to her lobes. I continued holding her tightly but used one hand to cup her ass and pull her into me. Our moans were intensifying and our bodies were beginning to melt into each other. She returned my kisses with those of her own. Kissing, licking, and gently nibbling on my ears and neck. Little did she know how much I enjoyed those spots. My knees were beginning to buckle and it allowed me to grab her ass even more tightly. 

We returned to each other’s lips. Her hands moved along my chest, rubbing me softly. Mine did the same, passing over her hardened nipples, which stood out long and hard. Soon they would be in my mouth, being massaged by my tongue. My hands made their way to her stomach and I felt her jump slightly. She was obviously ticklish and a bit nervous. As was I! But I was also becoming more confident and more excited. My hands had returned to her shoulders and back by way of her waist and sides. I felt her comfort rising. She returned this comfort by running her fingers along my stomach, tickling me and driving me crazy with anticipation. Oh, how I craved her firm grip on my shaft. But instead she moved them to my back and squeezed my ass. Now was my time. I ran a finger down her chest, pinching her nipple a couple of times before continuing southward. Just as my hand arrived at her soft patch, my tongue encircled her breast. Her breathing had become heavy. I knew she was enjoying the attention. And I was enjoying the opportunity to do this to her. My fingers played in her soft patch of fur before moving down to her now hot pussy. I ran my pointer finger along the slit between her lips. They parted easily as she was soaking wet. And hot as hell. I continued to lick her nipple while sliding my finger along her lubricated lips. After a minute, I began massaging her clit, which was by now completely hardened and awaiting attention. I made gentle circles on it, massaging it. She obviously liked this as she began biting and sucking my neck hard. To further her excitement, once in a while I would slide my finger deep inside of her warmth, feeling her velvety insides. But then I would return it to her clit. Our passion was growing and as I fingered her I began straddling her leg and grinding my burning member into it. She braced herself with one arm and stroked my cock and leg with the other. 

Then, suddenly, she pulled away and dropped to her knees. She kissed my belly on the way down. Once down, she began using her tongue to circle the head of my cock. It was glistening and I knew there was a wonderful mixture of pre-cum, saliva, and water. She then took it in, inch by inch, until she had a mouthful. She began sliding it in and out, sucking me deeply. With her other hand she caressed my balls and squeezed them. I was in heaven. I began moaning heavily. My hips gyrated slightly and I began to control my cock’s movements in and out of her mouth. Then, her hand moved to my ass and squeezed it. She took her finger and circled my asshole. She must know how sensitive that area is. By now I could barely stand. Had I not wanted this to continue, I easily could have cum all over her. I grabbed her and pulled her up. In a breathy stammer, I said, “I want to taste you so fuckin’ bad. Can we dry off so I can lay you down and taste your sweet juices?” 
