 Holly:

I waved goodbye and started down the hall. As I turned the corner to the elevators, I looked back and Mark was still standing there. I blew him a kiss as he waved one last time.

I was filled with emotion as I waited for the elevator. My heart was beating rapidly with happiness and satisfaction. I could still feel the touch of his hands. I could still felt the intense sensations that surged through my body when I came.

Those thoughts and feelings stayed with me as I walked to my car. Once inside, I burst into tears. My thoughts turned to despair because I remembered that Mark is leaving On Sunday. We only have two days, two full days, then he has to go back to Ohio.

'Two days, TWO DAYS!' I thought. 

"What am I going to do? What is Mark going to do? What are we going to do?" I spoke aloud.

All during the drive home, I played different scenarios through my mind. Mark could quit his job, move to Nashville, and find a new job here. I could quit my job, move to Columbus, and find a new job there. We could try to survive a long-distance relationship. Could we never see each other again? No solution could rid me of the misery I was feeling. 

Arriving home, I walked into the kitchen and had a glass of water. 

'A warm bath," I thought. 'That always helps.'

I went to the bedroom, undressed, and walked into the bathroom. Turning the water to lukewarm, I added some bubble bath. 

While waiting for the bathtub to fill, I looked at my self in the mirror.

"Holly, you have a problem," I told my reflection. 

Tears welled up in my eyes again. I wiped them, turned to the bathtub, and climbed in.

----- 

Mark:

I watched her walk down the hall. As she turned the corner, she blew me a kiss. I quickly waved back and she was gone.

I went back inside my room, leaned against the door, and smiled.

Suddenly, I had a sick feeling in my stomach. Pain in my chest felt like I had been hit with a sledge hammer. My knees gave way and I sat on the edge of the bed.

'What is going to happen?' I asked myself. 'I have to go back to Ohio on Sunday.'

Lying back, I put my arm over my face. My eyes began to hurt and a tear trickled down the side of my face.

"Can I live without that woman?" I asked myself. "What can I do?"

I lay there trying to push all thoughts out of my mind. But I just couldn't stop thinking about Holly.

Finally, I said to myself, "OK, Mark, let's be rational. What are the options?"

In my mind, I began going through all possibilities. One, I could go home, quit my job, move to Nashville, and find a new one. Two, she, could quit her job, move to Columbus, and find a new one. Three, we could keep a relationship going and get together whenever we could. Maybe that would be enough, being together whenever the opportunity arose. No, that wouldn't be fair to her. It would be selfish of me. I have to think what's best for Holly. I think too much of her to make her a woman that I get together with just to have sex. Four, I don't want to think about. Four, I don't want a four. 

But four is the most reasonable. Four is the easiest. And four would be the most painful. Four. We could go on with our lives just as they were before we met and never see each other again. No, I know we would run into each other at conferences. And she might be making sales presentations at my tech center and others close by. We could make an effort not to be at the same place at the same time.

Tired of thinking, I turned off the lights and tried going to sleep.

----- 

Holly:

I awoke to daylight. Somehow, I had dragged myself out of the bathtub and into bed last night.

I immediately thought of Mark, thought of calling him. But that thought shot a stab of pain though me.

I got out of bed and walked to the kitchen. With the feelings I was having in my stomach, I wasn't really hungry. But I knew I had to eat something. I fixed myself a bagel with cheese spread, grape juice, and started the coffeemaker.

I didn't know what to do, so I just sat, and softly sobbed.

'I have to make a decision,' I thought, 'Mark has to make a decision, we both have a decision to make.' 

I thought of moving to Columbus. I thought of Mark moving to Nashville. It just seemed so hard to do either one. I thought about seeing Mark whenever we could. But that wouldn't be fair to him.

'Or to me,' I thought.

I asked myself, 'What would be best for Mark? Maybe we should just not see each other again.'

But that thought made me afraid.

-----

Mark:

I awoke as usual at 6:30. For awhile, I just lay there. The sickness in my stomach and pain in my chest was no better. 

I thought of calling Holly, but told myself she probably wasn't awake yet.

'I wonder what she's been feeling,' I asked myself. 

I took a quick shower and, not feeling like going down to the restaurant, I ordered room service. Neither the shower nor breakfast made me feel any better.

I asked myself, 'What would be best for Holly? It's asking a lot for her to move to Columbus. I don't know if I can make a move to Nashville. And I sure don't want to insult her by meeting only for sex.' 

'Maybe,' I thought, 'it would be best for her if we just would not see each other again.'

But that thought made me sick.

-----

She answered on the first ring.

"Hello?"

"Hi, it's me."

"Hi."

"Did you sleep OK?"

"No, I had a miserable night's sleep."

"Me too."

Silence

"I guess we need to talk," she said.

"Yes, I think we do."

"Do you want to come here?"

"Either that or you could come here. Bring your swimming suit and we could spend some time at the pool."

"That sounds OK."

'Have you eaten yet?"

"Not much."

"Want to meet me at the restaurant around noon?"

"OK."

"I'll see you then."

"OK."

"Bye."

"Bye."

-----

I was so anxious that I arrived at the restaurant at 11:45. She was already there. When I saw her, my chest began to hurt and my throat felt like I couldn't swallow. 

She walked over to me and we shared a hug and a short kiss. She shivered and I felt a sob escape her mouth.

"This is so hard," I said.

She didn't respond.

Taking her hand, I said, "Let's go eat and then we can talk."

"OK."

Neither one of us had much to say over lunch. We just picked at our food.

"Would you like to go for a walk in the atrium?" I asked when we were finished.

"No, I want to go to your room first."

We walked hand in hand to the elevator and I pushed the button for my floor.

-----

I closed the door to my room and looked at Holly. She stood a few feet away from me. I stepped toward her. She rushed to me, threw her hands around my neck, and held me tightly. I felt her trembling, 

I moved my head back and looked at her. Taking her face with my hands, I tilted it up. I stroked her cheeks and kissed her on her lips. 

"Oh, Mark," she cried, "I need you. I need you to make love to me."

Without a word, I kissed her again. I pushed my tongue into her mouth and caressed its inside. Moving my tongue through her teeth, I slid it across and around her tongue. She surrounded my tongue with her lips and sucked strongly. She tightened her lips around my tongue and I began thrusting it in and out of her mouth. 

"Let me have your tongue," I said.

She pushed her tongue into my mouth. I ran my tongue around it and sucked it as though it were her nipple. I took it between my teeth and gently drew her tongue through them as I sucked. 

I could feel my cock hardening. Becoming aware of my growing erection, Holly pressed her pussy against it. She rotated her hips, and pushed them up and down against my cock. I broke the kiss and drew her close until I could feel her breasts against my chest. I held her tighter so that her movements not only stimulated my cock, her nipples brushed against mine.

She gasped and said, "I love the feel of you next to me. "You make me tingle all over."

"Oh Holly, I love the feel of your body against mine. You arouse me more than I ever thought possible. You're making me so hard." 

I couldn't take any more, so I picked her up, carried her to the bed, and laid her down. I quickly removed my shirt, pants, and underwear. I raised her top over her head and pulled off her shorts, then her panties. 

Pushing her back on the bed, I took her legs and put them over my shoulders. I reveled in the sight of her already moist and swollen outer lips. Bending over, I breathed in the aroma of her pussy. Then I buried my face between her legs. I licked at the wetness that flowed out of her pussy. The scent and taste of her sent waves of sensations throughout my body. 

She grasped my head and pulled me tight. I parted her inner lips with my tongue and, holding them open with my fingers, stroked their entire length of her opening. 

"Oh ... yes ... lick me, lick me hard."

She grabbed my head and raised her hips forcing my tongue into her pussy. I drove my tongue in as deeply as I could and pulled it out. As my tongue moved in and out of her pussy, she raised her hips to meet each thrust.

She groaned when I pulled my tongue out.

"No ... don't stop ... please don't stop."

I could feel her pussy quivering against my mouth. I heard her catch her breath and gasp as I pushed two fingers inside her opening. 

"Oh yes ... more ... harder ...do it harder ... push as deep as you can."

While driving my fingers in and out, I moved my lips to her clit. I licked around it, I sucked it with my lips, I nipped it with my teeth. She thrust her hips more rapidly. I could hear a moan, then a groan. 

I moved my hand palm up and began drawing my fingers across her G Spot. I increased the pressure on her clit. Her body began to quiver. Her groans became louder. I put my hand on her abdomen just above her pubic bone and pressed down, putting added pressure on her G Spot. Her groans became squeals of passion. Her body began to writhe. She pushed my face harder against her enlarged clit. I pressed my tongue against it. 

"I'm gonna come," she screamed. 

Pushing harder on her G Spot, I shouted, "Come for me Holly."

"Oh ... oh ... my body's on fire. Push ... push ... suck me ... suck me harder."

I sucked her clit between my lips.

Her body arched, shuddered, and she came with a scream, covering my face with her juices. She continued thrashing. I continued sucking her clit and stroking her G Spot.

"Inside," she yelled. "Inside before I stop."

I spread her legs, positioned myself between them, and drove my cock deep inside her pussy. She wrapped her legs around my hips. We lost all sense of anything but me battering my cock into her pussy and she raising her hips to meet my cock. I could feel the walls of her pussy squeezing my cock. Semen burst out of my cock against the back of her pussy.

I looked her in the eyes and shouted, "I love you, Holly." 

She came again at the same time. Our sensations would not stop. I continued plunging my cock in and out. She came again and again.

Finally, I collapsed on the bed beside her, my cock still tightly gripped by her pussy. We turned and wrapped our arms around each other.

Neither one of us spoke for a long time.

-----

After my cock slipped out of her pussy, I turned onto my back. Still wanting to enjoy the touch of her pussy, I turned around so that my head was beside her feet. I took her left leg and laid it across my thighs. With my hand, I reached between her open legs and began to caress her still moist pussy. I ran my fingers up and down her slick lips.

"Ah ... nice," she said. "Now, put your leg across mine." 

I put my left leg under her's and over her thigh, creating an "X" position. She reached between my legs and began fondling my balls and stroking my cock.

"I love the feel of you," I said. "You're so smooth, so wet."

"And I love the feel of your penis. I like it when I can make you hard."

We lay quietly, lost in the sensations of each other's bodies. 

"Holly," I reluctantly said, "we should find time to talk."

"I don't want to talk. I want to make love again."

Rolling on top of me, she propped herself up on her hands and knees. I pulled her hips downward and slid my tongue the length of her opening. I licked then pressed my tongue against her anus. She moaned, put her elbows of the bed, and took my cock into her mouth. I found her clitoris and flicked it with my tongue. Her body twitched and she gripped my cock more tightly with her lips. I returned to her anus, then I took her clit between my teeth, sucked in with my lips, and began flicking my tongue over and around it. I went back and forth between her anus and clit. When I sucked extra hard on her clit, her body shook. She started bobbing her head, sucking my cock deep into her throat, then drawing it upward between her lips. Juices began to flow from her pussy. I could feel an orgasm building in my balls.

She popped her mouth off my cock and cried, "Take me from behind, Mark, take me from behind."

"I'm going to come inside you, Holly. I'm going to pound myself in and out of you and I'm not going to stop until we come."

She raised up on her knees and spread her legs. I quickly moved behind her, positioned myself between her legs, grabbed her hips, and drove my cock into her waiting pussy. 

I pulled back, then thrust deeply. I thrust in and out, in and out, in and out. I lost all sense except the feel of my cock sliding in and out of her pussy. She pushed back, meeting my every thrust with a back push. She moved her pussy so that my cock was riding across her clitoris.

"Harder ... harder ... pound me harder," she yelled.

"I'm going to make you squeal. I'm gonna make you screech. I'm gonna make you shriek. I'm gonna make you scream," I shouted.

Soon, her hips were wiggling, her body was writhing, her head was tossing back and forth. She was nearing orgasm. Her pussy walls pulsed against my cock. I couldn't hold my self any longer. My come shot into her pussy at the same moment she screamed her own orgasm. I continued thrusting. She continued pushing backward.

Finally, she collapsed on her stomach and I fell beside her.

Our breathless panting and occasional moans of satisfaction and fulfillment were the only sounds in the room.

-----

She sighed and spoke first. "Are you hungry?"

"Starved."

"Let's go get a snack, then, and go for a swim afterward."

"Sounds like a plan to me."

We silently dressed and gathered our swimming suits and towels. I took her arm and walked to the door. Without a word, she turned and kissed me.

"Holly ...," I started.

"Not yet," she interrupted.

We went down to the pool. At the pool-side snack bar I ordered a soft drink and hot pretzel. She ordered iced tea and nachos with cheese. We choose a table and sat down. Neither one of us seemed interested in saying anything so we ate in silence.

"Are you ready to go swimming? I asked when we finished.

"Yes," she answered.

"Let's go change and meet back here."

"OK, I'll see you soon."

We walked toward the changing room. As I watched her go inside, I thought how fortunate I was to meet a woman like her. She's intelligent, she's enthusiastic. She's pleasant to be around, she's interesting. She's fun, she can be ornery. I like the way she makes me feel about myself. I like the way I feel when I'm around her. She makes me happy. She fulfills me. I shook my head and went in to change.

I came out first so I put my towel and clothes on our table and waited for her. When she came out of the changing room, I shook my head again. Though I had become intimate with every part of her body over the past week, seeing her walking toward me in her bikini aroused me. It was a bright orange, cut high on the hips, and a top that left only the size of her nipples in question.

She smiled when she saw the look on my face.

"Better get yourself under control or you'll have an embarrassing bulge in your swimsuit."

"You'd better watch out or I'll drag you into the pool and have my way with you, I replied.

"Come on then," she said as she turned and jumped into the pool. 

I walked to the small diving board and dove in. Coming up from behind her, I wrapped my arms around her waist and drew her close.

"Hi," she said.

"Hi, yourself."

I kissed her on the shoulder and swam away.

For the rest of the afternoon we swam, we splashed, we dunked, we jumped, and we dove off the board. Finally, we dragged ourselves out of the pool, dried ourselves off, and sat down.

She looked at me and said, "Do you want to talk here? I'm afraid that if we go to your room we won't get much talking done."

"Let's change and drop our things off in my room. You can dry your hair. I promise, though it kills me, to behave myself. 

"I'm more worried about me," she said.

"We could go up one at a time," I offered.

"Oh, don't be silly. We're both adults, we can surely be in the same room at the same time. Anyway, I promise not to do anything provocative."

"Just you being you is provocative enough to me 

She smiled, picked up her bag, and walked to the changing room. 

On the way to my room I suggested that we could go sit in the atrium and talk or we could eat supper first then go to the atrium.

-----

After a light supper, we walked hand-in-hand to the atrium.

"It seems like so long ago that we first walked these paths," she said. "And I had no idea this would happen between us."

"I had no idea either, Holly."

Choosing a secluded bench, I said, "Let's sit here."

"Let me go first," she said. "I want you to know that the last week has been the happiest of my life. In all the talks we've had, I've never known anyone who seems to understand me like you do. No one has affected me like you have. You are so fun to be around. You are kind and gentle and patient. You are everything I've ever thought I wanted in a man."

"My turn," I interjected. "And there are things about you, Holly, that I never even knew I needed or wanted before. You've brought me a joy that I've never had before. You make me feel so at peace when I'm around you, like I'm complete. "And," I added with a smile, "you're great in bed."

Trying to sound stern, she said, "It's so like a man to say that."

"I can't help myself, Holly. I've never experienced sex the way I have with you."

Now she smiled and said, "And I can't get enough of how you make love to me. Just thinking about you arouses me. But ..."

"But?"

"But it's not just about having sex with you. I genuinely care for you. I love you, Mark."

I held her close and softly whispered, "And I love you," into her ear. 

Then I continued, "I know what you mean. The sex with you is ... is ... wonderful."

"Just wonderful?"

"You drive me out of my mind."

"Do you know what I love most about sex with you, Mark?"

"Tell me..."

"You make love to my mind first. That's what makes everything that follows so passionate. Mark, I want to spend the rest of my life with you. But, as much as it hurts me to say this, I can't ask you to give up your job and move to Nashville."

"And I can't ask you to quit your job and move to Columbus."

"So what do we do?"

"I've thought a lot about this Holly, just like I'm sure you have. I don't think I can stand a long distance relationship. Every time we got together, I would have missed you so much that I would want to spend all my time making love with you. I know that sounds selfish, but you deserve more than just getting together and having sex every few weeks or months."

"Then, I'm selfish too. I've thought the same thing. I'd probably want to ravage your body every time we saw each other. I respect you too much to have just a sexual relationship."

"Well, then, there's really only one other option," I said.

"I know. Never see each other again. Live as though this week never happened." 
