 Author's Note: Holly's first adventure was described in Holly's Story - Day 01 thru Day 12.

Holly's Tales are stand-alone stories of Holly, Emma, and their friends from later in their lives. The Tales are not in chronological order.

* * * * * 

THE LAST DAY OF SCHOOL

It was the last day of school. Not for the students, who had left nearly two weeks before. It was the last official day for teachers. Most had finished with grading, packing, and such earlier in the week and were already gone. The last few stragglers were out of the building by noon. Only Principal Lanvellen and the janitor remained.

Holly walked into Principal Lanvellen's office. He recognized her, of course, from her many trips to the disciplinarian's office for having her skirt too short. 

Holly's parents had very rigid rules about everything. Rules meant to avoid any type of bad decision that could lead to disaster. Her parents had nearly gone bankrupt and gotten divorced after one bad decision when they were young and were determined to never let that happen again.

Holly, however, hated the rigid rules. She rebelled against the rules starting at an early age. So when she went to a high school that required uniforms, she rebelled by rolling up the waistband of her skirt so that it was shorter than the dress code allowed. Most of the time she got away with it but not always.

Hence, the frequent trips to the disciplinarian's office, which was next door to the Principal's office. About every other week, for her entire four years of high school, Holly sat in the outer office, waiting to get a lecture and be told to fix her skirt. 

Holly and the Principal gradually became casual buddies as he came and went through the waiting area. 

The Principal had come to admire Holly for her determination and for the fact that she had chosen to rebel by breaking a rule that didn't harm anyone else. She didn't disrupt classes, she didn't get in fights, she didn't skip school. Hers was a quiet, persistent, personal rebellion. 

Principal Lanvellen also recognized her from a dinner party he had attended at the start of the school year. A dinner for a social club he belonged to. A sexual social club. 

Holly's uncle, Jack, was also a member of the club. Her uncle had introduced Holly to the world of sex during a brief period when her parents were out of town. It was a world she took to like a duck takes to water. In less than two weeks, Holly had sex with multiple men and multiple women. She got engaged to her best friend Emma and became master to a submissive woman named Pet.

When Uncle Jack had been asked to find a last minute replacement for the entertainment at the club dinner, Holly, Emma, and Pet had volunteered.

Holly and Emma had been used for the enjoyment of female members. 

Holly's submissive, Pet, had been the entertainment for the men. Twenty-one men had taken Pet anally, orally, and vaginally, including Mr. Lanvellen. 

At school, Pet was better known as Miss Burton, the history teacher. Mr. Lanvellen had promised her there would be no professional repercussions from her sexual performance at the dinner and he had kept his word.

Miss Burton was an excellent teacher. Unfortunately, her previous master had selected the wardrobe she wore at the beginning of the year. The skirts were short, the blouses were low cut and sheer, the bras skimpy and lacy. 

While the students may have enjoyed glimpsing Miss Burton's big tits, their parents did not. There had been numerous complaints.

Holly had provided a new, and appropriate, wardrobe for Miss Burton but a small group of parents remained adamant she be fired.

To settle the matter quietly, and to ensure Miss Burton's submissive nature and relationship with a student was not revealed, Miss Burton was being transferred to a different school where she could start fresh. 

As a result of all this, Principal Lanvellen had a closer relationship with Holly than with any other student. He also had a better understanding of her unique approach to things than most.

"Hello, Holly, What are you doing here? I thought you'd be off to the beach or something."

"Miss Burton wanted me to convey her thanks for the way you treated her this year. After the dinner earlier this year. She's known many men who would have taken advantage of the situation and greatly appreciates that you didn't."

"She is certainly welcome. She is an excellent teacher and I'm sorry to see her go. Give her my best."

"I have a surprise for you. But I want to remind you that I've graduated so you can't give me detention anymore." Principal Lanvellen smiled and waited. 

"First, I have to tell you three things. Miss Burton's transfer became official yesterday. She is no longer your employee." The Principal nodded. He already knew that.

"Second, I told the janitor a fib. I said you wanted him to take the rest of the day off. He's gone. We are the only ones in the building."

Mr. Lanvellen was a little confused by this but listened politely. 

"The last thing is I broke one of the school rules." Holly turned her head. "Pet. To me." 

Pet crawled though the door on all fours, naked., big tits swaying, her leash trailing behind. She made her way to Holly's side and sat upright on her heels. 

"I know we're not supposed to bring pets into the school but I thought you might allow an exception."

Mr. Lanvellen smiled. "Nice to see you again, Pet." 

He held out his hand. Pet crawled over and gave him her 'paw' in return. She laid her chin on his thigh and gazed up at the Principal.

"Pet, you be nice to the man. I'll be outside just in case somebody forgot something." Holly went to the outer office and closed the door behind her.

"Well, well. How shall we pass the time, Pet? Let me get comfortable first." The Principal went to loosen his tie. Pet growled a little and shook her head. "No. What then?"

Pet moved between the man's legs. She laid her chin lightly on his crotch. Her hands slid around to his ass and up his back, inside his coat. Her gaze was fixed on his face. She eased the coat back over his shoulders and he shrugged it off.

The woman raised up to reach his tie and slowly removed it. Her hands undid the buttons on his shirt. When it was fully open, her head laid back on his crotch and her hands massaged his chest and caressed his back.

"You know I thoroughly enjoyed our ... intimacy ... at dinner that night but I like this much more." His shirt was eased back and he shrugged it off.

There was noise and conversation in the outer office. Holly yelled "Coming in. It's safe." 

A middle aged woman walked in. Mrs. Lanvellen took in the scene - a naked woman on her knees, head in her husband's lap, her husband half-naked.

"Sorry to interrupt dear but I just wanted to see for myself. She really is quite pretty, isn't she? I love how her big tits hang down and jostle around." 

Mrs. Lanvellen took her cellphone out and took a picture. Pet looked worried. 

"It's okay dear. It's for our private album. I blur all the faces." She tapped a few buttons on her phone. "See?" Both Pet and Principal Lanvellen were now unrecognizable in the photo.

"Now I'm going out front and play with your mistress. She made me cum with her tongue once before. I want to see if she can do it again." The woman blew a kiss to her husband and left.

Pet resumed her position. Head in the crotch, gaze fixed on the face, hands playing with the man's chest. She flicked and rolled his nipples between her fingers. 

"Not many women do that. I like it." 

With her mouth, Pet loosened and removed his belt. One hand opened and unzipped his pants. She nuzzled the inside of his thighs as she removed his shoes and socks. She ran her fingers up his calves. He was half relaxed in pleasure and half tense from anticipation.

The woman slid her hands up the outside of his legs, very slowly. They reached the waist of the pants and eased them down. The boxer shorts remained. Principal Lanvellen lifted his butt and the pants were off.

Pet caressed his thighs inside and out. She cuddled his ass. Pet reached inside his boxers to fondle his balls. His cock stood upright and erect but untouched. 

The teacher licked his thigh, nudging the leg of the boxers higher and higher. She pulled the leg to one side and licked his balls. Repeated the routine on the other side.

"Oh my, that feels good."

Pet went back to touching his legs again but this time she went up his shorts under his butt with both hands. Even though he was sitting down, she managed to spread his cheeks and toy with his ass hole. His breath came faster. 

She removed one hand, licked her middle finger, and slid under his butt again. The middle finger went into his asshole, slowly, just the tip. Pet eased her finger in and out, going a little deeper with each thrust. The Principal bounced on the chair to push the finger deeper. 

When Pet got to the second knuckle, she stopped and removed the finger.

Her gaze was still fixed on his face. Normally he might have found that unsettling. Instead, it was making him hornier. He wanted to kiss that face, suck the tongue, smell her scent. But her head remained in his lap.

Pet took one leg of the boxers in her teeth and pulled. With a little strategic help getting them over his ass, the boxers were off. They dangled in the woman's mouth for a moment and then she dropped them. 

She sat back on her heels and looked at Lanvellen with a big smile. When he didn't do anything, she cocked her head with a puzzled look and whined.

He got the message. Like most pets, she wanted to be praised for a job well done.

"What a good Pet. You are a very, very fine Pet. Mistress must be very happy to have such a talented Pet." He scratched the teacher behind the ear and patted her head. Her smile got bigger.

The Principal reached down and played with her breasts, tweaking the nipples. "And you have such nice tits, Pet. So big and soft." He settled back in his chair. 

Pet moved back to his crotch. Her tongue licked his balls and made it's way up the erect shaft. At the top, she shifted position and took the entire member into her mouth. Pet's head bounced up and down, making her tits jiggle. The Principal's cock was hitting the back of her throat. Her hands caressed his legs, chest, and back.

When he began to get too excited, she stopped. Now she kissed his chest and sucked his nipples. It didn't really calm him down but his cock got a rest. 

Pet stood up in front of him. She let him gaze at her naked body as her big tits swayed slightly and her shaved pussy glistened with moisture. She turned a full circle. Taking a step forward, she was between his legs. Pet took his hands and placed them on her tits. 

He squeezed and played with her nipples. He leaned forward to suck them. She placed a finger on his mouth and shook her head. Instead, she moved one of his hands to her pussy. His finger glided along between her lips and pushed inside her hole. He sensed he could only stay there a moment. Gliding back, he toyed with her clit.

The woman turned around, bent over, and opened her cheeks. He played around her asshole but only went in for a moment and not very deep. 

Facing him again, Pet carefully threaded her legs through the arms of the big office chair. She sat on his lap, her mons gently rubbing against his stiff cock. 

She took his face in her hands and kissed him. Barely a brush at first but soon strong. Her tongue pushed its way into his mouth. He wrapped his arms around her and they kissed and hugged for a long time. He breathed in her scent. She was wearing a subtle perfume.

The teacher lifted herself up and eased her pussy down onto his shaft. She lifted herself up and down, a moderate tempo. He got flushed and began to pant. He was going to cum soon. 

Then he wasn't. She had lifted herself off. Pet looked at him and shook her head. 

"What? I don't get to cum after all this?" he asked, disappointed.

There was another bout of kissing. It was nice but Lanvellen was a bit glum. 

Pet lifted herself up again. Her hand moved his cock. The head touched her ass hole. It began to stretch her out. It was in. Pet moved up and down very slowly three or four times. Satisfied she was ready, she kissed the Principal one more time. Looking him in the eye, she nodded 'yes'.

"Oh my, I'm blessed. She remembered I'm an ass man. She's letting me cum in her ass." 

Pet bounced slowly, then faster and faster. Lanvellen got flushed again, panting. He grabbed her tits and squeezed. She pulled one free and put it up to his mouth. He sucked hard on the nipple. He wasn't going to last much longer.

He came ... and came ... and came some more. Even after the cum stopped, his cock still throbbed with pleasure. He sagged back in his chair and her tit fell out of his mouth. Pet leaned forward, her tits on his chest, her head on his shoulder. She kissed his neck.

His breathing finally slowed. His cock softened but her ass held it in place. They stayed like that for a long time while recovering. 

Pet untangled herself from the chair and stood. Cum dripped from her ass onto the floor. When it finally stopped, she knelt on the floor and licked it up. 

She picked up the boxers and held them up. Lanvellen stepped into them. Then the pants, the socks, the shoes, the shirt. She retied the tie and put on his coat. Once again, he looked like a Principal. 

She smiled at him and sat back on her heels like a good pet. He scratched behind her ear again.

"Pet. With me." She followed on the floor as he walked to the door. Holly and Mrs. Lanvellen were waiting. 

"Holly made me cum twice." his wife said happily. "And you?" He grinned and gave a thumbs up.

"Holly, you have a very, very good Pet. Treat her well." He patted the teacher's bare ass. "I'm sorry to see you go."

Holly removed the collar releasing Pet from her submissive status. The woman stood. She was Miss Burton again. 

"Thank you, Ed. You are a good man." She kissed the Principal on the cheek. 

Miss Burton walked down the hall with Holly. Principal Lanvellen was about to go back into his office when Miss Burton stopped and turned.

"Since we aren't working together anymore, perhaps you could stop by the house sometime. Holly, Emma, and I would love to entertain you and your wife." Miss Burton winked.

The teacher turned and walked out of the school. She was naked and arm in arm with her friend and Mistress, Holly.

"I'm so glad I'm your pet!"