 Thanks to my editing team, PapaKilo14, Hal, Olddave1951 and GeorgeAnderson. Harddaysknight is my mentor and gives me critical review. SBrooks103x also gives me a pre-post read. Thank you, gentlemen. I love you all.

*

She was standing by the bus stop in the rain when I saw her. I keep an eye out for situations like this. I knew it wouldn't be long. Leon and his boys cruise the bus stations looking for desperate girls just like this one. She would be one of those sad stories; the Midwestern girl with stars in her eyes, knowing she was the most beautiful girl in the world and that Hollywood stardom was hers for the asking. Leon or one of his scouts would pick her up, take her to a party, blow her mind with drugs and fuck her until her will was broken. In two weeks she'd be turning tricks and in two years, her freshness would be gone and she'd be dead; inside if not physically. I know this from experience. That's what happened to my sister. It had taken me a couple of years to find out exactly what had happened and I was ready to take Leon down. My sister was in a grave with a Jane Doe marker over her and that was not going to be the end of the story.

I knew destroying Leon wouldn't bring her back and another scumbag would take his place, but it was going to give me great personal satisfaction. Ten minutes later, I saw a car pull up and the door opened. It was Rico. He's one of Leon's talent scouts. They talked a while and the girl got in. I had locaters on all their cars and I pulled Rico's up on the screen. I followed, keeping my distance so he wouldn't spot me. These guys are pretty wary. He pulled up in front of a big house and I saw another of the gang come out and take her inside. Rico pulled forward and parked. He was talking on the phone when I got in the back seat. He felt the silencer against his head just below his ear and he froze.

"End the call," I told him.

He pushed the button and it went off. "Do you know who you're fucking with, man?" he started to bluster.

I pistol whipped him across the back of the head. His face smashed into the wheel and he cursed. I took his phone and broke it into pieces with the butt of the pistol. I took the battery out and pulled his head back by his hair. He was bleeding and his eyes were wild with fear.

"Open your mouth," I told him.

"What the fuck?" he said and I smashed his face back down on the wheel. I jerked him back up and snarled. "I said, open your fucking mouth."

He opened it and I jammed the battery inside.

"Now swallow it," I told him.

He seemed reluctant so I gave him a little love tap on the mouth with the butt of the pistol. Teeth broke and his mouth was a mess. His eyes rolled and he gagged as he tried to swallow it. It took him a while but he got it down.

"How many inside?' I asked him.

"Six," he mumbled through his ruined mouth. I smashed him in the back of the head with the pistol and left him there. I hit him hard and I don't believe he was ever going to think right again, if he lived.

There was a wall around the back of the house and they seemed to rely on that for security. There wasn't a system in place and that was a mistake. I heard the sound of a motorcycle pull up in front. That would be Lela. There was a man lying by the pool and I shot him in the forehead. He flopped a couple of times and that was it. No one came to investigate, and I opened the patio door. There were two more on the sofa. They were in the middle of snorting some coke and I took them both before they knew want was happening. I wasn't close enough to risk head shots so I double tapped them both center mass. I heard a spit and the sound of pistol cycling in the entry and Lela came in as an arm flopped limply into the doorway. She nodded at me and we went looking for the last two. Lela is my partner. I took her out of a place like this six years ago and she's been with me ever since. Not with me, as in lovers, but she's my soul mate in operations like this.

A door opened and Leon came out. He was zipping his fly and he stopped when he saw two masked and black dressed people with guns. I motioned to him and he walked over.

"Where's Chris?" I asked him in a low voice.

He jerked his head toward the room he had just come out of. "You know who I am?" he asked.

"Yes, you're someone that's about to die," Lela hissed.

"I got money and coke," he said. "Maybe we make a trade. I got a new bitch in there too. I give her to you. She a tight pussy. You take the money and the coke. Take the bitch and I forget this happened."

"Where's the money and the coke?" I asked.

He indicated a painting on the wall. Of course, the safe would be in a place no one would ever think to look; not. I nodded to Lela and she prodded him over to the safe. I left him to her tender mercies and went into the bedroom.

Chris was taking sloppy seconds on the girl. She was crying and there was that dead look in her eyes. She didn't react when she saw me and Chris was preoccupied. Quite a bit of blood spattered over her when his head exploded and I rolled him off. They hadn't bothered to undress her, just pulling her skirt up and ripping open her blouse. I pulled her up as I heard a spit and a scream from the living room. When I entered the room Leon was clutching himself and writhing on the floor. Lela had obviously shot him in the crotch. She was kneeling beside him and she made him a new asshole with her second bullet. He went quiet and she stood up.

"Gangland violence," she said. "It's getting out of hand. Where are the police when you need them?"

I laughed. "You do good work, lady. What are we going to do with her?" I indicated the girl.

"I've got two," she told me. "This one's yours."

We split the cash and the coke. There was two hundred thousand in cash and maybe half a pound of coke.

"I'll take the coke," she said. "I'll see what I can get for it. It should balance out."

I took the girl by the arm. She hadn't said a word. I put her in the van and Lela took off on her motorcycle. I got Chinese carryout on the way home and pulled into the garage. I got her out and took her inside. I put the bag on the table and took her to the bathroom. She cringed a little when I undressed her. She was bleeding a bit. Evidently she had been a virgin. I felt bad for her, but she made a lot of stupid decisions. Maybe she would learn or maybe she'd be crazy at what had been done to her. It was up to her. I washed away the blood with a warm cloth while the bath water was running. She just stood there with a dazed look on her face. I looked at her eyes and she was stoned out of her mind. There wasn't anything to do about that but wait so I put her in the tub.

She winced at the hot water but I forced her in. I have a huge tub and I pushed everything under but her face. The bubble bath smelled nice and I washed her completely. I went and got her a bottle of water and forced a morning after pill down her. I washed her hair and got her out. I dried her off and wrapped her in a towel. She was a beauty. Most of them are. They seem to think that somehow the ten thousand other beauties trying the same road aren't as gorgeous or talented as they are. It's a crap shoot, and most of them miss.

I took her into the kitchen and forced her to eat. She chewed mechanically, and after I ate I took her to bed. She hadn't said a word. When I took away her towel she began to shiver and I put her in. I stripped and climbed in with her. I knew from experience that when she came down it was going to get ugly. I wrapped my arms around her lush body and held her close. She stopped shivering and I drifted off. Sometime during the night I woke up and she was shuddering in my arms. I had left the night light on and I looked over at her. There were tears running down her cheeks. I pulled her face onto my chest and she began to sob. It was quiet at first but it quickly grew until she was crying hysterically. She began to panic and try to push me away. I just held her tightly and she wasn't strong enough to get away.

I cradled her head and talked quietly to her. "It's okay, honey. You're safe. Nothing else bad is going to happen to you. I've got you. I won't hurt you. I won't molest you. I'm just holding you here so I can talk to you. I promise I won't rape you. You're okay, now. You're safe with me. The men that hurt you are dead. You're safe. Just cry and let me hold you and everything will be okay."

She stopped struggling and great wracking sobs filled her little body as she clung to me. I petted her and kissed the top of her head. I kept talking to her for an hour, reassuring her that she was okay and that I was going to take care of her. She finally slept, an occasional sob shaking her in her sleep. I just held her and gradually I drifted off again.

When I woke up again I had the feeling that someone was watching me. She was still wrapped in my arms and her cheek was pillowed on my chest. One leg was across me and her messy hair was across my chest. I looked down and big blue eyes were watching me.

"You killed those men, didn't you?" she asked when she saw I was awake. 

"Yes, honey, I did."

"There was a black girl with you," she said.

"Yes, her name is Lela. I took her out of a situation just like you were in," I told her. "She helps me rescue girls like you."

"God I wish you had gotten there half an hour earlier," she started to cry again.

"It's over now," I told her. "I'm sorry I didn't get there sooner but there were six of them. It took us too long."

"I'm so stupid," she wept. "God I hate myself. Thank you for taking me away from there. I don't know how I'm going to pay you back. Do you want to fuck me?"

"No, baby, I don't," I told her.

"You might as well," she said bitterly. "I've been raped. That's all I'm good for now."

"Now you're being stupid," I told her. "Let me revise what I just told you. Yes, I do want to fuck you. You're gorgeous and I'm a man. But I won't. You're a little bit broken and until you're well I'm just like your big brother. There's a difference though. You're going to sleep with me and we're going to be naked. I'm going to get aroused by being next to you naked. When you see how desirable I think you are and you can come to terms with that, ask me again. Then, if you want me to, I'll make love to you. When you realize that I won't rape you and I don't get excited at the thought of raping you, you'll be well and you can move on with your life. I won't fuck you though. If you want to make love, we will. Fucking is for healthy people that feel horny. You aren't ready for that."

She cried some more and tried to push me away again. I wouldn't let her and she finally quit struggling and just cried quietly until she fell asleep again. I got up and showered. When I was through I made breakfast and brought it to her on a tray. I woke her up and she took a minute to remember where she was. When I climbed back in bed with her she flinched away. I just ignored it and pulled her over against me. I made her sit up and put the tray across our legs. Her covers fell away and her big breasts were exposed. She tried to cover them up but I wouldn't let her.

"You're beautiful," I told her. "Why would you want to cover that up?"

"It's embarrassing," she said.

"I've given you a bath," I told her. "I've seen you naked and I've seen you being raped. I think it's a little late for modesty. Besides, you have gorgeous tits. I like looking at them."

She reluctantly accepted that and I fed her breakfast.

"You fed me before, didn't you?" she asked.

"Yes, I fed you supper last night," I told her. "You were pretty out of it."

We finished our breakfast and she said she needed to pee. I pointed at the bathroom and she got up. She winced when she stood up.

"God I'm sore," she said. "Those bastards... they..."

"I know," I cut her off. "Just do your thing and come back. We're going to stay here and talk for a long time."

She walked to the bathroom, a blonde goddess of youth and she blushed when she felt my eyes on her. I heard the toilet flush and water running. She covered her pussy with her hand when she came back.

"You have a bidet," she said.

"Yes, I like to be clean," I told her.

"Me, too," she said. "I don't think I'll ever be clean again." There were tears in her big blue eyes.

"You will," I promised her. "It may take a while. It's going to be all you can think about for a while. Then one day you'll wake up and think about something else. That's the way it works. My sister died at the hands of rat bastards like that. She was young and stupid, too. It was all I thought about for a long time. Now it isn't. I still miss her every day, but I do other things, too. That's the way it will be for you."

She lay beside me and I pulled her over on top of me. She lay half over me and her leg moved up hesitantly and across me. I could feel the downy curls between her thighs press against my thigh and she gasped when she felt my semi-erect cock under her leg.

"I told you that you're gorgeous and you'll turn me on," I told her. "I won't do anything. It's okay."

She nodded. "I don't even know your name," she said. Her breasts were crushed against me and one fat little pink nipple peeked out of the blanket of blonde hair. She looked adorable.

"My name is Carl," I told her. "Carl Stokes. You can never tell anyone what happened back there. Lela and I killed six men in that house; maybe seven. We robbed them to make it look like a gang hit. You're an accessory and we'll all go to jail if you tell."

"I'll never tell," she said. "You saved me. What kind of tool would I be to tell on you after that? What would I tell anyway? I took a lot of drugs and had sex with two men?"

I laughed. "No, I guess that wouldn't sound too good. Will you tell me your name?"

"It's Amber," she said.

"Okay, Amber," I told her. "I like Amber. It's a pretty name. Do you have a last name?"

She giggled. It was enchanting. That was the first sign she had given that she was going to get better. "Of course I have a last name," she said. "It's Wagner. Amber Wagner."

"Glad to meet you Amber Wagner," I told her. "You're a beautiful girl, Amber. What can I do for you today?"

"Are you going to make me be naked all the time?" she asked. "Am I going to stay with you? I don't know what to do. I don't have any money. My bag is gone so I don't have any clothes either."

"You have a hundred thousand dollars," I told her. "That's half of what I took off Leon. I'm keeping the other half so I can take care of you and my other girls."

"You have others like me?"

"Yes, I have three. They have their own places now. They have jobs and they're going to school. How old are you Amber?"

"I'm nineteen," she said. "If I have money, can we get me some clothes and stuff? You never told me if I'm staying here."

"Yes, you can stay for now, at least. When you think you're well enough to be on your own and when I think I can trust you not to get in a jam like you were in, you can do what you want to do."

I could tell that hurt her feelings. Her big blue eyes filled with tears. "Now don't look like that, Amber," I told her. "You have a long history of making bad decisions. You know that. I'm just trying to help you. Trust is earned; baby and you don't have a lot of credit."

She snuggled closer. "I know," she whispered. "I'm not dumb though. I'm stupid, but not dumb. I know this is all my own fault. I'm sorry, Carl. I'll do what you say."

"Good girl," I squeezed her butt. "Let's get going. We've got a lot to do today."

She squealed when I gave her a little spank on the butt as she got up. She went into the bathroom and I followed her. She sat on the stool in front of the vanity and looked at herself in the mirror. I got out a brush and started working the tangles out of that silky blonde hair. She let me brush her and just watched.

"What do you see in the mirror?" I asked her.

"I see an idiot and a hero," she said.

"I'm not a hero," I told her. "Heroes don't get there half an hour late. Heroes save their sisters. I'm just a guy who's helping you. Look at yourself. Describe what you see."

She looked for a minute. "I see someone that doesn't know much," she said. "I thought I did. I'm a stupid bitch. I thought I was so smart and so beautiful and so talented that all I had to do was show up and famous producers would fall all over themselves to put me in movies. Can you believe that?"

"Yes, thousands of girls think the same thing. That's how the pornography business gets its stars. That's where all the hookers come from. Acting is really a combination of hard work and luck. Most successful actors actually go to school to learn how to act, Amber. Very few of them are your age. You have the body and the face for it. I can probably get you a job as the stripper in the nightclub scene. It isn't likely to be a speaking role. If you had a degree from Julliard and a couple of Broadway and off Broadway roles on your resume and you were lucky you might get a commercial or a bit part. That's how it starts."

"I'm stupid," she said. "I didn't want to wait and I was terminally vain. You don't know what it was like for me."

"You're wrong, honey. I know exactly what it was like. You were the prom queen. All your life you've been able to get boys and men to do whatever you wanted by batting your eyes at them. They bow and scrape and try to please you. You were so popular and everyone you knew was dazzled by the way you look. You had the lead in the school play and everyone told you were a star. Your parents didn't want you to pursue your dreams so you just left. When you got here you figured out that you didn't know where to start. You were broke and Rico pulled up in his shiny new Cadillac and told you he was a talent scout for a big producer and you were perfect. He was going to take you to meet the producer. Leon did produce a few low budget films. He might have even used you. I don't know if you've ever watched pornography or not, but teen porn is a big seller. You would have been the star of a pain flick. It would be one of those where some big black stud with a two foot cock fucks the starlet in the ass while she screams in pain. Maybe there would have been two or three of them. They'd rough you up, slap you around and make you say how much you loved that big nigger dick in your ass. When you were used up they'd whore you out until you were a physical wreck. You'd be a drug addict and you'd come crawling back to them to get your fix until no one wanted you anymore. They'd probably give you an overdose and it would be just one more sad story in a long litany of such stories."

She was shaking and sobbing again. I was done brushing her hair and she stood up and pressed herself against me, clinging to me desperately. I just held her and petted her head and stroked her long silky hair.

"I'm an idiot," she sobbed. "I deserved what I got."

"No, that's wrong, Amber. No one deserves to get what happened to you. Those guys were human hyenas. There are thousands more just like them. We took down one little cell. Tomorrow, someone else will notice the vacancy and move in and the tale will go on. Ignorant girls don't deserve to be raped and pimped out. If you starve by your own stupidity, that's your choice. Being forced to be a drug addict and a whore isn't what anyone deserves. Now, stop crying, sit back down and let me tell you what I see. Look at yourself."

I pushed her back down and cleaned her up with a warm cloth. She blew her nose and wiped her eyes with a tissue. "Okay, what do you see?" she asked.

"Well, I see a naïve, scared little girl. She's really quite remarkable. She has this long beautiful blonde hair that makes you want to touch it. She has this great clear skin with just the right amount of tan on it. She has these huge blue eyes that a man could drown in. Her nose is a cute little button with a few even cuter freckles on it."
