 Before he was "Hollywood Jim" in Los Angeles, he was a geeky kid with a funny nickname in the Connecticut suburbs . And before he had numerous starlets as friends, he had various girlfriends. Here then are the "Adventures of Hollywood Jim-The Early Years" 



This dream night with Kelly and Rose was only getting better. I had just exploded thanks to Kelly's oral handiwork. And Rose was just as eager to continue the fun she had started. The two of them had milked every last drop from my dick and now they snuggled in close to me and reveled in their fun.

"So whatcha think, Jim?" Rose asked with a sexy smile "is she what she expected?"

Kelly looked at me with a shy smile, but knew what my response would be.

"I don't know what to say...but you really know how to make me feel good. I want to return the favor." I said looking at Kelly.

"Oh, Jim...do you mean it?" Kelly replied in a loving voice and widening smile.

"Sure...it's only fair." I said.

I leaned over and kissed Kelly lovingly and she responded in turn. Rose watched us with growing delight. My hands held her close to me. I felt Rose's hands drift down to my dick and begin to softly rub it with the silk robe she still had on, it felt incredible! Kelly released her lips from mine.

"Oh, Jim...that feels great. I never knew you were like that." She said with a smile.

"He loved hearing about the fun we once had, Kel." Rose now said.

"Oh, Rose...you didn't?" Kelly said with a surprised tone.

"I did." Rose replied with a satisfied smirk on her face.

I could only nod.

"Well, now that you know bout that..." Kelly said with a soft kiss added. "What should I do?"

"Just what you're doing now." I replied.

"I'd love to..." and we continued to kiss and touch one another.

"I'd love to as well." Rose added as she moved over and began to kiss Kelly. As Kelly and I kissed, Rose had moved down and began to fondle Kelly's nipples, then kissed them.

"Oh Rosie....." Kelly moaned.

"Just relax Kel, I've been waiting for so long to do this..." Rose replied as she slowly spread Kelly's legs. Kelly looked down with a bit of nervousness as Rose's head went between her legs but was reassured knowing she was in my arms and I was softly kissing her cheek and neck.

"Kelly, you're already wet." Rose said looking up. "I love it..."

Kelly was already moaning in response, her back arching. My left arm was around her, holding her close as we watched Rose licking her pussy, her dark haired head bobbing up and down as her tongue went inside Kelly.

"Oh god...uhhhhhh...god Rose..." Kelly said in breathless ecstasy.

I responded by kissing Kelly's neck and whispering in her ear.

"Beautiful..." I whispered.

"I know...feels so good." Kelly responded.

Rose was now sliding a finger in and kissing Kelly's pussy at the same time.

Kelly was now breathing harder and occasionally letting out a sexy "oh!" at all Rose was doing before her breathing got faster and faster. Then her back arched and she let out a loud "Yesssss!" before becoming limp again.

"God, Rosie! You're unreal!" she finally said.

Rose slowly creeped up and kissed Kelly on the lips.

"Like that?" she said "what do you think Jim?"

"I like it, I like it a lot....I think Kelly does too." I said looking at Kelly with a smile.

Kelly nodded, then kissed me back.

I was feeling so emboldened at this moment

"We should return the favor." I said looking at her.

Kelly bit her lip, then smiled mischievously at me, then at Rose. Rose smiled, knowing what was in store. Rose stood up and let the satiny robe fall to the floor and changed places with me and Kelly and immediately spread her legs. Her pussy was jet black against her dark brown skin. Kelly and I got down on the floor.

"Let me start." Kelly said.

Kelly kissed the insides of Rose's legs and moved up towards her pussy. Rose was giggling knowing where her lips and tongue were going. I watched with fascination, this was a girl I'd known since childhood, never knowing what a sexy babe she was all along. Rose was softly stroking her tits as Kelly's tongue flicked its way inside her pussy, making Rose cry out in pleasure. Kelly turned to look at me.

"Like what you see?" she asked with a smile.

"Oh, yes." I replied.

"Your turn."

"Oh yes...lick me Jim...lick my pussy...yessss...." She moaned

I changed places with her and Rose was so wet. My tongue slid inside her sweet love nest. I could feel Rose's legs rest on my shoulders. I turned and saw Kelly rubbing her pussy as she watched us. Her eyes were closed, mouth slightly open, her tongue licked her lips seductively. 

Amidst all this, I looked down and saw I was hard again.

But who should be the lucky lady this time?

Kelly looked so hot, and I knew Rose would be more than happy too. I slowly stood up and pushed Rose's legs forward so her pussy and asshole were fully exposed. My dick was so hard and it couldn't wait to go inside of Rose's pussy. It seemed to have a mind of its own as it slid inside her.

"Oh yes Jim....oh yessss" she moaned again.

Kelly was sticking close to me, watching as I fucked her friend, and getting so turned on in the process. I felt so powerful, none of that geekiness was apparent as I fucked Rose, feeling like I was something special in both girls' eyes at this moment. Kelly leaned over and smiled at me as she saw my dick going in and out of Rose's hot pussy.

"Oh yeah...oh yeah...baby...so hot!" Rose said in a gasping voice.

Kelly now moved and began to suck on Rose's tits, making her moan even more, and making me fuck her even more. I so wanted to explode inside her. My god, what a feeling this was, it was too much like a dream!

"Make her cum, Jim!" Kelly said with excitement. "Make her cum!"

I was really fucking her now and Rose was so turned on, I could only hear a childlike cry come from her.

"Gonna cum...gonna cum...gonna cum..." I said rapidly "Jerk me Kelly!"

As I pulled out of Rose, Kelly immediately jerked my dick and a quick stream of cum shot out of my dick onto Rose's belly and her tits. Both girls squealed as they saw me cum.

"Wow!" was all they could say.

I was so spent right then, I was a mix of giddy excitement and passion. We all were at that moment. Kelly kissed Rose and then me and we all sank to the carpeted floor, giggling all the while.

"So...what do you...what do you think Kelly?" Rose finally said in a panting voice.

"I think he's fun..." Kelly said while staring at the ceiling, "A lot of fun."

I smiled at both of them.

"I don't know why, but I get hungry after sex." Rose said as she slowly got up.

"Me, too." Kelly said.

We all found the strength to stand and went into the kitchen. I'd said before how naughty it felt to be wandering around this house totally naked, but when it was with people like Rose and Kelly, it felt really good! Rose started to look around for drinks, Kelly leaned on the center kitchen island, her ass looked very nice as I walked in the kitchen. I casually patted her ass as I stood next to her.

"Hi, baby..." she said with a smile and a quick kiss.

"Hi, back." I replied.

Rose went into the pizza box and pulled a slice out.

"You two look hot together." She said with a mouthful of pizza.

"Thanks." Kelly replied. "Feels good to be naked like this."

I was looking at her nice tits, she had certainly developed a nice set, Rose too. We were both looking each other in the eyes. And I leaned in and kissed her again.

"Oh, you two!" Rose said as she stood by the island munching her pizza and drinking a beer. "You know we did it here too, Kel?"

"No way!" she replied.

"Uh-huh. It was the first time he saw me naked." She said with a sly smile pointed at me.

"Lucky you." Kelly said to me with the same expression.

I could only shrug my shoulders and sheepishly grin.

"Hey, what can I say?" I finally said, making us all laugh.

"Well, was she hot?" Kelly now said

"Yeah, Jim! Was I hot?" Rose said.

"Oh, absolutely." I said, we all laughed some more.

It was so sexy to see these 2 hotties naked, and just hanging around. Their tits and pussies on display, and just for me. I stayed close to Kelly now, she was really turning me on. The curve of her ass looked so nice and I reached out and patted it again. It felt nice and soft. Kelly could sense what I was doing. Rose hopped up on the counter and drank her beer, her legs casually spread. Kelly and I were so close to one another our cheeks were practically touching.

"I'll be right back." Rose said as she hopped off the counter and left the room.

Kelly and I were alone now both knew what was on the others' mind. We began to kiss and Kelly soon moved in front of me, her back was against the counter and my dick was responding to the growing passion between us. Could I be ready for round three? 

"Oh...baby..." Kelly said softly.

"Hey, you gotta see this!" I heard Rose call from upstairs.

Kelly and I smiled, knowing she'd interrupted us, but she was OK.

"We'll have to do this again real soon." I said.

Kelly giggled in response.

We went upstairs and Rose was in the bathroom.

"Check this out!" she said excitedly.

The bathroom was sumptuously furnished with sand-colored marble floors, mirrors on the walls, and a large Jacuzzi tub as the centerpiece. 

"C'mon, let's take a bath together." Rose said as she turned on the water.

"Oh, I like that!" Kelly said looking at me

I nodded too.

Rose started the water and looked around for any bubble bath.

"It'll be awhile before it fills, you know, you two could do...um...something." She said with a smile. 

Kelly and I looked at each smiling naughtily.

"Go on, the bed's really nice." Rose said pointing towards the bedroom.

Kelly and I went into the next room and immediately lay on the bed eagerly kissing and fondling one another. This was a kid's dream, this girl I'd know for so long, now she was all hot and sexy, and just for me! Here tits felt so nice as I sucked her little pink nipples, her pussy was covered with a soft bit of black hair, and she was super wet!

"Oh Jim...this is so hot...please Jim...fuck me."

I looked into her eyes as we kissed.

"I've waited so long for this..."

I suddenly realized what she was saying.

"You mean, you..."

She nodded her head.

"I'm not a virgin, I fooled around with Rose and all but you'd be my first real experience...please, Jim"

"O-O-Okay..." I said.

Even without this little revelation of Kelly's, I was so hard now. I now wanted her just as bad. I climbed on top of Kelly, her legs were spread wide and my dick slid into her with ease.

"Oh yes! Oh....yes Jim..." she said passionately.

Her pussy felt so warm with my dick inside her and I started to fuck her, wow what a feeling! She was matching me stroke for stroke and I felt her legs wrap themselves around me gently and her tits were swaying gently back and forth. We didn't speak we were just so lost in one another. My arms were wrapped around her and I could feel her breaths on my shoulder as we fucked.

"Jim...oh baby...yessss..." she said with a sexy voice into my ear.

I slowed down, hoping I wouldn't cum too fast. As I slowed, Kelly looked at me with a sexy smile.

"Wanna do me from behind?" she said.

My eyes widened at the thought, she'd always had such a cute ass, but all I could do was nod my head at this moment.

I pulled out and she slowly sat up and raised her cute ass for me. Her cunt looked so cute and pink and my dick slid right back inside, she let out a long slow moan as I went inside her again. I placed my hands on her ass cheeks and softly rubbed them as I fucked her. I looked up and saw Rose in the doorway to the bathroom watching us and smiling. She knew I was doing Kelly as good as I did her and her hand gently touched her tits and pussy.

"You two look hot." She said.

Kelly giggled in response. This only seemed to make me fuck her harder and faster, the feeling of her was just too much, and I knew this would be a big climax.

"Kelly...gonna cum! Kelly gonna cum...oh godddddd!" I yelled out as I exploded into her, she was screaming at the feeling she was experiencing. And we collapsed onto the bed.

I was exhausted and spent. Kelly was too.

Rose came over and softly kissed us both.

"Come on you two, let's relax those muscles, you've had a busy time." She said

We now staggered to the bathroom where our bubble bath awaited us. We all climbed into the Jacuzzi tub and the hot water and massaging jets quickly relaxed our bodies. Kelly snuggled up close to me and Rose was close too, we all just enjoyed the silence and feel of the water. 

I can't remember what we talked about, if anything. Things became such a blur after that. But we knew we'd had an incredible night that would last forever. And we needed time to absorb all that we'd done.

Before long, I could see the sky growing lighter and we climbed out of the tub and dressed.

"Quite a night, huh, Jim?" Rose said as she kissed me at the door. "I'll never forget it.

"Oh, neither will I." Kelly said as she kissed me too

"This was...unreal." I said with a smile.

Kelly went to her car and drove away, I got on my bike and rode back home.