 I had just received my new real estate license last week. I was getting settled into my new office when my phone rang.

This gentleman said he was interested in a house for sale listed by our office. We made an appointment for 3:00. I would meet him at the house.

When I got dressed that morning I knew that I was meeting a girlfriend after work for drinks and dinner, so I had worn my black mini skirt with a nice slit up the center of the left leg, matching black top with long sleeves, low cut neckline, black stockings and heels.

When I pulled into the driveway of the house for sale, the gentleman was waiting for me in front. He was at my car door immediately and opened it for me. As I started to step out of the car, I noticed him checking out my short skirt and legs. I intentionally spread my legs as I exited the car. Our eyes met as I stood beside the car. We smiled at each other and he offered me his hand. We shook, and introduced ourselves. His name was Glen and I told him mine was Shirley. The sensations I felt when our hands met were like electric shocks. I loved the softness of his skin. It was hard for me to let go.

I started explaining about the house as we approached the front door. He was very attentive as I spoke. I tried the key several times but could not get it to open. So Glen tried several times, again no luck. He suggested maybe it would work on the back door. So, we walked around the side of the house. It was a pleasant view when we entered the back yard. The landscaping was exceptional. A beautiful pool and hot tub under a gazebo. The patio had been enclosed and screened. The patio furniture was beautiful.

Glen tried the key in the back door, and WALA, it opened. He turned around to face me and I was right there. He reached down taking my face in his hands and kissed my lips ever to gently. He took my hand and led me over to the chaise lounge. I felt like I was hypnotized. I could feel myself getting wet already with just that first soft kiss. I wanted more, lots more, and I was pretty sure that I was going to get it.

When we got to the lounge, he pulled my top off and started kissing me softly, then harder and deeper. He pulled me into his hard firm body. I could feel his cock growing as we kissed. Our tongues exchanging licks and sucks, saying give me more, give me more. Glen unfastened my bra and began kissing, licking and sucking on my nipples, which were already hard for him. He gently pinched and pulled on them, also nibbled. He put his hand under my skirt and between my legs and found my wet crotch. He played with my clit through my pantyhose. Rubbed my pussy lips up and down. I spread my legs to give him better access. He then put his hand down inside my pantyhose right to my hot wet pussy. He entered one, then two fingers into my cunt fucking me good. I came and squirted all over his hand. He looked directly into my eyes and gave me a nice smile and said, “I think I am going to like this house.”

I reached out and undid his shirt and pants. I removed his shirt and slid his slacks down. I could not believe what I saw. My eyes were blessed to see a cock so beautiful. I was just hoping that I could consume all of it. I estimated it to be 8-1/2” or more. I had Glen step out of his slacks and asked him to sit on the lounge. I lowered my body down to take the head of his beautiful cock into my mouth. My tongue licking around and around the head, stroking his shaft with my hand, forcing that beautiful pre-cum out the end of his cock. As it emerged, I took my fingers and spread the precum down his shaft, making it nice and wet so my hand would glide over it making him think it was in my tight, hot, wet pussy.

I worked my way down his shaft forcing what I could of his cock down my throat. He was so beautiful and I wanted to please him. I fondled his balls as I sucked his cock. I alternated sucking cock and sucking and licking his balls. When I went back up to his throbbing cock, I entered a finger into his ass and started to slowly finger fuck him. I increased my speed and thrusts as my speed increased sucking and taking his cock in my mouth and throat. It was beautiful, as I kept hearing small gasps of breath, soft little moans of pleasure.

Shortly Glen pulled me up kissing me deeply and long, fondling my tittys. He worked his way down to my tits licking, sucking, pulling the nipples and pinching ever so soft. My pussy was pulsating for penetration. I straddled his leg and started to dry fuck it. Rubbing my cunt up and down on his leg getting wetter and wetter. He reached down and inserted a finger, then two and I exploded all over his hand and let.

He then pulled me up to straddle him and sit on top. As that beautiful cock entered my cunt, it hit parts of my body that had never been violated before, sending currents of such pleasure. He put his hands on my hips and pulled my cunt onto his hard fucking cock. Riding him to the fullest enjoyment possible. Within minutes I came again, this time squirting cum all over his cock and balls.

I lay down on his chest breathing hard, needing to catch my breath. He asked if I was ok, and I smiled and said, “Never been better.” I told him I needed a glass of water. We both got up off of the chaise lounge and went into the kitchen. There were some paper cups on the drainboard, so I filled a cup for each of us, and we drank heartedly.

Glen smiled and said, well, we checked out the patio, now it is time for the kitchen. He put his hands around my waist and lifted me up and sat me on the kitchen counter. He spread my legs, pulled my butt to the end of the counter and got on his knees between my spread legs. His tongue licked every inch of my inner thighs, making me raise my legs, putting my feet on the counter. My pussy was wide open for him. He started sucking and licking my already hard throbbing clit. He inserted one, then two fingers into my cunt along with his tongue. He started to tongue fuck my cunt and finger fucking and I came again. My cum squirting on his face. He licked and sucked trying to devour every drop. He then came up and kissed me deeply, sharing my nectar with me. He lifted me down from the counter and said, “Well, what room is next?”

I laughed and said, well we could try the bathroom next, then when we are finished there, we could shower, clean up, go have a bite to eat, and then come back and check out the rest of the rooms. Glen smiled and said, “Great idea!”

We went into the bathroom. Of coarse, there was no soap, towels, so I said, “Well, we will just have to improvise.” We stepped into the beautiful large glass stall shower. It had three shower heads. We turned them all on. He took me in his arms kissing me deeply, pulling me into his hard cock. I was pressing my body back against him to enjoy the feel of that beautiful cock. We turned off the water and began to play

He spread my legs and inserted two fingers into my cunt, finger fucking me ever so good. His fingers then moved to my ass, and so gently, one then two fingers into my tight, cherry ass. He asked if he could take me. I told him to try as I had never had cock penetration before. His precum was awesome, and he played with my ass with his fingers, stretching and preparing my ass for his cock. He started penetration very gently and slowly, a little at a time. It took my breath away. I wanted all of it as soon as his head was in. I kept breathing deep long breaths trying to stay relaxed. Well, once the head entered my ass, I wanted much more. Oh, the feelings were awesome. I told him to hold my hips and pull my ass into this fucking cock. As he took my hips, I met his every thrust and his cock went all the way in. It only took about 10 thrusts and I came like I have never cum before in my life. Such feelings I had never experienced. That cock fucking my ass, in and out, again and again, pulling me into him. Me meeting his every thrust. I could feel his hands tighten on my hips as he was fucking my ass harder now, and shortly, his moaning and rigidity let me know that he had shot his wad in my ass. He pumped until his cock had emptied. Oh, that was one hell of a fuck.

We turned on the showers and rinsed each other, kissing as we did, holding and embracing, enjoying the feeling of each others bodies. Glen said, “I think we need a little dinner now. We can check out the rest of the house for dessert.” We got out of the shower and used some paper towels that were in the kitchen to dry off. We dressed then, locked up the back door, and went to have some dinner.

Since this was my first possible sale, I felt pretty confident that I would be able to close the deal over dessert.

After two glasses of wine and a great dinner, we left the restaurant. I told Glen to drive by my place as I wanted to pick up a few things. We returned to the “House For Sale.” Again, we entered through the back door. Bypassing the patio, kitchen, bathroom, we moved onto the living room. It was a very open and spacious room. Had a beautiful fireplace with a raised hearth. I had brought some candles, wine and glasses from my home. As I lit the candles, Glen poured the wine. He spread the fluffy comforter on the carpeting in front of the fireplace. We shared a few sips of wine. I opened another of my little bags that I brought along. Took out a few toys. Glen smiled, took me in is arms and kissed me deeply and said, “I like the way you think.”

Glen took my butt plug with a built in vibrator and inserted it into my ass. Turned it on and I raised my ass up to meet the pleasure. Just as I did he inserted a finger, then two into my pussy along with his tongue. His tongue and fingers along with the butt plug were sensational. It only took minutes and had one hell of a climax. As I was regaining my breathing, Glen got my dildo out of the bag and the tube of Ky.

He asked me to get on my hands and knees and back up to him. He told me to close my eyes and just relax. I felt him teasing my cunt with his cock, rubbing it back and forth, rubbing the clit, and then full penetration. It was wonderful. I was meeting his thrusts when I felt the head of the dildo teasing my ass. I was trying to breath deep slow breaths so I could stay relaxed. He had lubed the dildo well, and he started the penetration slowly. I could not believe the feeling of the cock in my cunt and the beginning of penetration with the dildo in my ass. I wanted it all, I wanted all of Glen and all of the dildo at the same time. I met his body with all the strength I had and felt his cock hit bottom and the dildo as well, in my ass. There are no words to describe the pleasure I felt. I thought that I was going to pass out from pure satisfaction. I just kept meeting every thrust into me savoring the new experience. I must have cum three or four more times. Glen pulled out and said he wasn’t ready to cum yet. So we had a little more wine and I cleaned up.

We moved into the master bedroom, took our wine and candles and blanket. I told him lay down on the blanket, and I put a small mask over his eyes, and told him I would be right back. In the bag of things I had brought from home, I had two glasses, one with ice and the other one empty. I went to the kitchen and ran the water until I had nice hot water. Filled the glass with ice with cold water. Went back into the bedroom. I set the glasses down beside him. I went between his legs. I filled my mouth first with the hot water and took his beautiful cock in my mouth. I heard a nice moan of pleasure. I sucked and swallowed the water. Then I filled my mouth with the ice water and again took his cock in my mouth. There was a gasp, as I took his cock down as far as I could with the ice water. I repeated these two steps until the water was gone. I removed the mask and he pulled me up, kissed me deeply and told me how great that felt.

He turned me over on my back and raised my legs up straight and spread wide. He went down to my hot wet pussy, licking and sucking. The change from the cock and the dildo were really wonderful having his tongue and fingers. He then picked me up and carried me back to the living room in front of the fireplace. He got our wine and candles and placed them on the hearth. We sipped a little more wine. He sat on the raised hearth and asked me to straddle him, with my back to his chest. As I turned, his fingers guided his throbbing cock in to my hot, wet, tight cunt. His hands on my hips pulling my body onto him, harder and faster until I could hear his breathing increase. In a few minutes we both exploded, our cum mixing in my cunt and on his cock. It was oozing out of my cunt and down on his balls. He pumped his cock dry and gently lifted me off. I turned around and got on my hands and knees and took his cock in my mouth and licked him clean. He laid me down and went to my pussy and licked and sucked his cum out of me. Then he came up, kissing me deeply, sharing our combined nectars.

We sat on the blanket, finished the wine in our glasses, and relaxed. We chatted and I asked if he had done any more thinking about buying the house. He chuckled, and said, “Let’s get dressed, and then we can talk some more.”

After dressing, he poured the last of the wine. He looked at me and said, “I really like your sales presentation. You are very thorough and explain things perfectly.” I thought, oh, oh, lost the sale. T

hen Glen said, “Shirley, let’s sign the papers, I love the house.”