 Before he was "Hollywood Jim" in Los Angeles, he was a geeky kid with a funny nickname in the Connecticut suburbs . And before he had numerous starlets as friends, he had various girlfriends. Here then are the "Adventures of Hollywood Jim-The Early Years" 
*

Things quickly changed after my night with Rose and Kelly. Rose left town to spend the remainder of the summer with relatives in her native Colombia before leaving for college in Boston. Kelly got an early admission to a college in California and headed off there. My family had long owned a summer home in New Hampshire and it had been a fixture of my life for as long as I could remember. The area was filled with antique homes of various years, all with stories to tell. So I was headed there for the remainder of my summer.

One of the biggest homes on the street was owned by the Baldwin family. Although my parents had known them for years, I knew little about the large family, whose home seemed (at least to me) on a scale with the Kennedy compound in that there were two smaller houses in addition to the huge main house and its prime lake frontage. Soon after we arrived my Dad told me of an opportunity to make some money helping to paint and clean out their barn and storage buildings. The family had decided to "clean house" of things no longer needed that could be sold, donated or trashed. The money was a good incentive but I was curious what treasures might await me.

The work was good for me. The sun shined every day and I liked the crew I worked with. They were mostly members of the family with assorted friends. Clearing out the hot barn was tough and sweaty. It was a lot of junk. 

The members of the family were old, young and in between. They even had a nanny for the younger kids who seemed exotic in her looks and had a thick accent whose origin I wasn't sure of. Jeff Baldwin, the only one close to my age explained she was from Russia and her name was Marina and she was working with one of his sisters.

"Where do you find a Russian nanny? The U.N.?" I asked

"Funny, my Aunt is a college professor and she's one of her students."

"Oh, that's convenient." I said.

As the barn worked rolled on, we hauled out box after tattered box. And everything would be examined by one of his older brothers. 

I headed into one room of the barn that seemed like a makeshift library with different books scattered about. I casually looked through it and spotted some vintage Life and Sports Illustrated issues.

"Wow, this is great stuff!" I said to Jeff.

"Oh, yeah you can take that. Mom's wanted to unload it for years."

"Great!" I looked around for an empty box to take them home in.

On another shelf I grabbed another stack of magazines. But these were different. 

"Oh my..." I muttered to myself.

I had stumbled upon someone's collection of Playboy issues.

Jeff saw what I'd found.

"Whoa, I thought these were gone forever." He said as he looked through the covers with me.

The issues seemed to be from the late 60's and 70's. My favorite era of the magazine.

Jeff and I looked at each other.

"I'll split 'em with you, how bout that?" he said.

"OK, I know which ones I've got."

"Deal." he replied.

We heard his older brother coming so we quickly stuffed them into the box I put the other issues in. When he left, we quickly split "our winnings" as it were, hid the box in another part of the room, and went back to our work.

At close to 5 PM, Jeff's brother called it a day and we went back into the small room to check out the issues again. Jeff thought there might be more hidden somewhere. So we hid them securely before leaving for the day. 

"This is a cool little room." I said looking around

"Yeah, my cousins used to hang out here, smoke a little pot, drink beer, play records. It was like a clubhouse long ago."

"Man that must've been cool." I knew his older brothers and cousins were 60's kids so I could only imagine what the area had been like then.

"You said it!" he replied as he walked out "see you tomorrow."

As I was getting my gear together, a little boy ran inside the barn and I heard what sounded like Marina's voice calling him. He stopped as he collided with me.

"Hey kiddo, where you goin'?" I said.

He smiled in response.

"Joshua! Come here!" she said sternly.

It was the first time I'd seen her close up, she definitely had that Eastern European look about her. She had short black hair and a cute body with just enough baby fat on her.

"I'm so sorry, sir." She said in her accented voice.

"Hey, no problem. I've seen him running around, you've got your hands full with him."

"Yes, he is good boy." She said in somewhat halting English.

"Oh, and you don't have to call me sir, my name's Jim."

"Marina." She said with a shy smile. "You are...working here, yes?"

"Right, with Jeff and the other guys."

"Ah, yes...I see you with them." She replied. "You taking, um, how you say? Mahmento?"

"Oh, this...yes" I said gesturing to the magazine box "a memento, right."

Just as I said that, the bottom of the box fell out and its contents spilled onto the ground. Amidst the old Life issues were a couple of Playboy issue. 

"Oh crap!" I thought.

Marina knelt down and helped me gather them up.

"Oh, I've never seen one of these." She said as she examined one.

I looked around and hoped none of the other kids saw this, let alone their parents.

"Um, yes...it's uh, a good issue." I immediately wished I could crawl in a hole for saying something as dumb as that.

"They are very...pretty." She said as she flipped through the old issue.

"Uh, yes." I said, not sure of what to say.

Marina gave it back to me and went off to find Joshua.

"It was nice to meet you Jeem." She said as she walked away.

"Yes, see you tomorrow."

Over the next few days, we continued our work. Jeff and I kept an eye out for another stash of issues. Somehow, Marina kept appearing throughout the days, with and without the kids in tow. Today she had on a loose t-shirt and shorts that did little to show she might have quite a nice body underneath. I was right when later on she reappeared with several other family members as they headed out to the nearby lakefront. She'd traded her t-shirt/shorts combo for a bright red form fitting one piece swimsuit (I wonder if being from Russia, the color choice was coincidental) that really showed off her body. We seem to catch one another's eye and she gave me a little smile and wave. I smiled and waved back. 

In the midst of our work, we found an inflatable boat that looked like a relic from the D-Day landings. Jeff and the others were surprised it was still in one piece and we hauled it down to the lake to see if it was still sea-worthy. Marina was there with Jeff's parents and assorted youngsters who were eager to see if it would work and were all overjoyed when after a little air from a bike pump it floated like it was yesterday. Marina looked very sexy as she lay on an air mattress, her nipples started to become prominent as she sat up at one point. 

"Jim, you can take off if you want, we're pretty much done for the day." Jeff said before leaning in and saying "If I find any more issues I'll add them to our stash."

"Okay, thanks Jeff." I replied.

Mrs. Baldwin told Marina she'd take the kids inside and left us alone. 

I sat on the large dock and let my feet cool off in the water. Marina came over and sat next to me.

"Hi, Jim...done for the day, yes?" she said

"Yes, it's hot in that barn." I said 

"Very nice down here, I love this whole place, so pretty." She said looking at the lake.

"Yes, I don't get up here as much as I used to."

"Oh, you don't live here?"

"No, I'm from Connecticut, my family just has a house here."

"Ah, you are in school there?"

"No, just graduated."

"Me too!" she said excitedly "so good to be finished."

"What will you do now, go to college in, where is it your from again?"

"Belarus, is part of Soviet Union." She explained. "I'll be going to University here in the fall."

We began to talk about our school experiences, Marina seemed to indicate she wanted to go to law school, most of the Baldwin's were in some part of it. The more she spoke, the more her voice turned me on, with its eastern European inflections.

"Did you find any more of those magazines?" she said

"What magazines?"

"The ones with the pretty girls in them." She replied.

"Oh! Well, I don't think so." I said hesitantly.

"You like those magazines?" 

"Um, they're kinda cool. Like a time capsule."

"Oh, I see...I never thought of that. I had boyfriend who liked those too. He tried to take picture of me like that once."

"Like what?" I asked

"With no clothes." She said 

"Oh really? He likes to live dangerously."

"He was okay...but I would only do for special man." She said with a smile.

"Yeah, something like that should be special."

Marina slid back into the water and went over to the boat and climbed in, I definitely got a look at her cute ass in the process.

"Come on, this is cool boat." She said

"Um, OK..." I said as I slid into the water too and walked over to join her.

The boat was oval shaped and in a traditional gray color that had faded with time, obviously. But there was plenty of room for 2 people. Marina sat at one end and me at the other.

"So do you have girlfriend back home?" she asked.

"Me? No, not now. A few friends but nothing serious."

"Me too, my friends are all jealous of me."

"Why's that?"

"They all wonder what American boys will be like. They all want to have sex."

My, this girl isn't too shy!

"They think American boys are all movie stars."

"I wonder if the guys feel the same way about American girls."

Marina laughed

"They think they all wear, how you say, bah-kinis!"

We both laughed now.

"I haven't seen one yet!" she said between laughs

"Neither have I!" I said

"I like this better." She said gesturing to her suit.

"You look fine in it."

"Oh, thank you Jim. You are sweet guy."

We drifted somewhat in the water, the sun still shining brightly on us.

"Can I ask you question?"

"Sure."

"Do you fool around with girls a lot?"

I was too stunned to reply. She was a cute girl alright, but how do I handle this?

"Uh, I've been with a couple."

"I like to fool around too, with boys." She said "although girls are nice too."

"Uh, yes they can be nice, yes." I said hesitantly

"The girls you know, are they pretty?"

"Oh, they're very nice."

"They must all have big boobs. That's what I've heard."

I really didn't know what to say at this moment, but the silences between us, the sunlight and the sight of Marina in her one-piece was really starting to turn me on, especially between my legs.

"Where'd you hear that?" I asked, still hesitantly.

"From other girls, I see pictures from your magazines."

Another uncomfortable silence.

"Do you think I have good boobs?" she asked

Oh, I wish she hadn't asked that!

"Y-yes, you d-d-do."

"Would you like to see them?"

I couldn't answer but Marina did. She looked over her shoulder and all around, then slid down the sides of her swimsuit, revealing a beautiful set of D sized breasts.

"Do you think I could be girl in magazine?" she asked as she held them.

I couldn't say a thing, but gasp and mutter "wow".

Marina seemed to enjoy my reaction, she silently crawled over to my side of the boat. She softly kissed my cheek, and I responded by kissing her lips.

"Something else I wondered...do American boys have big, um, things?"

"Some of us do."

"Do you?" she asked as we kissed again.

"I don't know, one way to find out, I guess."

Marina smiled and felt the zipper of my shorts.

"It feels very nice." She said with a smile. "Very hard."

She found my zipper and slowly slid it down, easing her hand inside until she felt my dick.

"Oh yes...very nice." She said.

My dick emerged from my pants now, and Marina was enjoying this.

"Oh Jim...you're big." She said as she kissed me. "Would you like bee-jay?" she said as she felt my dick grow in her hands.

I had to think for a minute what she meant, then I realized what she meant.

"Oh, uh, this might not be the best place." I said as I looked around

"I would like to give you one...that's what American boys want, no?"

"Uh, yes, but, uh, I don't think this is the right place for it."

Marina giggled, knowing she'd made me, the American, hesitate. All thanks to the superior Russian woman.

"Maybe later we fool around, as you say."

"I'd like that." I replied, smiling now.

We kissed now, Marina had very soft lips and her touch was very tender. Especially when she held my dick at the same time and it slid slowly through her soft hands.

"Next time, we have fun." She said "I should go inside now."

Marina straightened herself then climbed out of the boat and walked up towards the main house. I lay in the boat, trying to make sense of how, once again, things had changed so quickly for someone named "Hollywood Jim."

The next day was July 4th and the Baldwin's invited us to a big party they had every year, complete with fireworks. It was a big crowd of family and friends that gathered that evening. We all ate and drank big time, everyone slowly faded off into their own groups as the evening wore on and we awaited the fireworks. The grownups were chatting with their martinis and gin & tonics in hand, while "my crowd" had our beers. Jeff and I sneaked off to our stash in the barn and began to go through all the issues we'd found. We felt we'd hit the jackpot as far as Playboy issues go. It seemed like we'd found at least 4 years of issues, all in great shape. 

"I'm gonna move these up to my room, we'll be going home in a few days." He said

"OK, I'll catch up with you later." I said as we'd planned to be part of a touch football game with his cousins. 

A few minutes later I heard footsteps in the barn.

I turned, thinking Jeff was back.

"Jim? Hi, good looking." 

It was Marina.

She had on a loose white sundress and espadrille shoes, and looked very sexy.

"Hi again, you look really good." I said.

"Aw, thank you. You are sweet guy." She said with a smile. "Ah, I see you found your magazines. Can I look at them?"

"Uh, Okay, sure." I said hesitantly. "Let's go in here." I led her into the room where Jeff and I had hidden them. I cleaned off a chair as best I could and she started to flip through them.

"Oh she is pretty girl." She said pointing at a Playmate from 1974.

"Yes, she is." I agreed as I sat next to her.

"Oh, you think she is? She has smaller boobs than me."

"Uh, yes, but...um...you're here and she's there." I said as I pointed to the photo.

"I think you like girls with big boobs, no?"

I was so nervous at this moment, I wanted to scream out that I was so turned on by the magazines and her attitude towards them and wanted to jerk off right there. 

"You do! I can see by your face you are." She said with a giggle "I think they are very pretty too, you know."

I was too speechless to reply.

Marina continued to look at the issues, I think she was trying to get some kind of reaction out of me, and it was working. She came upon another Playmate, this time a stunning blonde.

"Ah, the blonde girls...another pretty one, no?" she said nonchalantly "She has very pretty...how you say?" she said as she pointed to the girls 70's style pussy.

"Say?"

"What do you Americans call that?"

"Um...p-p-pussy." I said, feeling so ashamed

"Yes, that's it. Hers is very pretty...but mine is better." She said looking at me.

We stared at each other. I finally got my courage up and leaned in to kiss her. She didn't resist at all and returned my kiss with one of her own

"That was nice, Jim. Was that for what we did yesterday?"

"I guess so." I said

"It was nice...I want to kiss some more."

We kissed with more feeling now, my hand grasped her face and our lips moved around and I felt her tongue pierce my lips. When our lips parted, she was smiling widely, I was too.

"You are good kisser." She said

"So are you, it felt really nice."

"Kiss me again, Mister Jim." She said with a giggle.

"Gladly, Miss Marina." 

Our kisses quickly grew more passionate, and I knew I should do something. I reached out and softly grasped her breast. She didn't resist at all to my touch. When our lips parted again, we stared at one another.

"Yes, please touch me, Jim." She whispered. "Touch me there, it feels nice."

I continued to touch and feel her breasts, wow, did they feel nice!

Marina was smiling the more I touched and felt her breasts, we were both breathing very heavily now. Just then we heard one of the adults calling Marina.

"Yes! I'll be right there!" she said as she quickly reassembled herself.

"Later, yes?" she said

"Right!" I said

We quickly kissed again and she trotted off and out of the barn. I heard her telling someone she was curious how the work inside was proceeding. I had to take a few deep breaths to get myself reassembled before rejoining the party.

It was close to 9 now and everyone had made their way to the lakeside for the fireworks that were shot off from a boat on the lake by Jeff's older brothers. The town would usually do their own fireworks around the same time so it was a nice bonus for everyone. Amidst all the booms and bangs, "oohs" and "ahhs" I felt Marina standing close to me.

"We can go up to my room." She whispered in my ear, just loud enough to hear.

I turned to her and she had a look of naughtiness on her face.

I thought for a minute, then nodded and we slowly split from the others and headed towards the main house. We crept in the kitchen entrance and up the back stairs that led to the bedrooms. Marina's room was fairly small, but comfortable. The walls were off-white and the single bed looked like an antique brass type. Big windows looked out on the lake and we could still hear the fireworks outside. But that was nothing compared to the fireworks inside.

Marina closed and locked her door and we started to kiss again.

"Jim..." she said between kisses "...I want to get naked."

"Me too." I said

Marina immediately pulled her dress up and over her head, showing her gorgeous tits to me. She had on simple white panties and those were soon gone as well. She had a beautiful black haired pussy, very sexy. I had my underwear off now and we now gave one another the once-over.

"Oh Jim...very handsome boy." She said

"You're beautiful too." I said in a slightly hushed voice.

"Look like Playboy girl?" she said as she struck a models' pose, making her giggle.

"Very much so!" I replied with a laugh of my own.

Marina now got close to me and she felt my dick as we kissed, long and sexy.

"Oh, Jim...you have nice cock...very nice cock." She said in a sexy whisper.

"Thank you...you feel so nice."

"You feel nice too...let's lie on the bed." She said and we lay on her small single bed. We were very close to one another, obviously, and her body smelled so nice, like flowers and lace. I wanted her tits so bad now. I went for them and began to kiss and suck them, making Marina moan with pleasure, they tasted so good. She had such a beautiful scent about her too. She softly caressed my head as I sucked her.

"Oh yessss...so wonderful..." she sighed.

My dick was so hard now, I didn't know if I wanted to fuck her now, everything was moving so fast.

"Jim...please...want to suck your cock." She said

"Okay." I said as we traded places, I lay back and Marina sat up and looked at my dick.

"Oh...very, very nice!" she said with a lusty smile "I hope I do good."

"It's okay, you don't have to if you don't want to."

"I want to...make my friends very jealous."
