 My name is Tom and I had just checked into my hotel room after transacting some corporate business. I wandered down to the lounge and sat down at the bar. I got a bit of a shock when I looked down and saw a nun sitting to my right. I nodded to her and continued to have my drink.

My curiousity got the best of me, so I walked over and introduced myself. The nun's name was Sister Mary Louise.

"I am sorry, but I have to ask, what is a nun doing sitting here at the bar?"

Mary Louise told me that her convent was having a conference of nuns that week. There weren't enough rooms to spare. Some of the younger nuns were ask to take lodging at the some of the nearest hotels. Mary Louise was quietly sipping her Coke at the bar. She said she never got to see this side of things, so she thought she would come to the bar and observe.

We struck up a bit of conversation, then I bought the sister a glass of wine. She said she was allowed to drink that kind of spirits at the convent occasionally. We must have talked an hour or so when I decided to go back to my room.

Mary Louise also decided to call it a night. I offered to walk her to her door and she accepted. Once she unlocked her door she invited me in. I was a bit surprised, but she said it was ok for me to come in. Her convent was a silent one, she didn't get to speak to many people. She wanted to take advantage of it this one time.

I sat down on the couch while Mary Louise excused herself. When she came back out of her bedroom, the habit was gone and she had her bathrobe on. The sister had short, dark hair. She had a very pretty face once the nun's garb was off. She looked to be in her early thirties.

We talked for maybe another hour, talking about life at the convent and what I did for a living. I decided to head back to my room. Mary Louise walked me to the door. As I turned to thank her for the evening, Mary Louise was standing directly in front of me.

This was very awkward, there was tension in the air. She looked into my eyes. I sort of lost my head and moved in and kissed her. Mary Louise didn't pull away. She put her arms around my waist. I really lost it then. I pushed my tongue between her lips. We had a very wet kiss between us. My hands went to her robe and I undid the belt. I slipped her robe off and it fell to the floor.

I couldn't quite believe what was happening here. Mary Louise had a pair of very large breasts topped by upturned nipples. I lowered my mouth and kissed them both. I caught myself somewhat, and became embarrassed.

"God, I don't know what came over me?" I told Mary Louise.

"Don't be sorry, I wanted this." she replied.

"I want to know what a man feels like before I die," she told me.

We walked back to the bedroom, no words were spoken. I stripped out of my clothes, as Mary Louise sat on the bed, watching me. I pushed her onto her back. I spread her legs and went down on her. Mary Louise didn't manicure much, she had a big bush. 

I pulled her pussylips apart and moved my tongue into her. You would have thought she had be hit by lightning. She cried out and jerked wildly on the bed.

"Oh my God!" She screamed out. 

I didn't stop, but began nibbling on her clit. This really got her going. I wormed a finger inside her pussy. Between my tongue and finger she came so quickly. I kept lapping at her love opening as she arched her back and let me in. 

After a few minutes of this, I moved up and started to kiss her breasts again. I was lying on top of her now. My cock was touching her pussy as her body wiggled underneath me. I could feel her reach down and guide my cock to her pussy.

"Please Tom, I need this." she kept saying to me.

I took her legs and lifted them up. I guided my cockhead to her slit and began to push in gently. I knew she was tight as a teenager, so I went slowly. Mary Louise was panting hard now. I slid my cock into her. Another inch was inside now. I was almost there. I finally had my shaft in totally.

I rested inside her for a minute, letting become accustomed to how it felt. Her face had a look of lust on it, is the best way to describe it. I started to pull out.

"Please Tom, don't pull out!"

I had no plans to pull out of her. I pushed back in all the way, taking her breath away. I began to stroke my nun with long, deep, cock strokes. It didn't take too much for her to get in rhythm with me. We were going at it for some time. I could hear my ball sacs slapping against her ass now and then.

Mary Louise was a vocal lover. She moaned and cried out as I pushed my erection into her very wet, but tight pussy. I found a nipple and start to tease it by biting on the tip. My nun loved this and wanted me to bite both of her nipples this way.

I could feel Mary Louise having her orgasms, one after another. I was getting closer myself. I knew I probably shouldn't cum inside her, but I couldn't make myself pull out in time. Like a wild animal, I buried my cock in to the hilt and flooded her love tunnel with seed.

Mary Louise met me with a huge orgasm and she began squirting her cum onto my cock shaft. It seemed to go on forever. I must have had a big load stored up. I roared like a bull and kept pounding my cock into her. I shot hot streams of my cum, deep in her belly. 

Maybe after twenty more minutes or so, I finally slipped out of her. We lie there kissing, trying to recover from our wild lovemaking. I must have really been spent. The next thing I knew, I was waking up and it was nearly morning.

Mary Louise woke up at the same time, and leaned into me, kissing my mouth. 

"Thank you Tom, that was so beautiful," she said to me.

I was getting hot again. I pulled my nun to me. This time Mary Louise mounted me. She positioned herself over my cock and sunk down all the way. We did it again, just as intense as the previous night. I gave her more of my cum until we collapsed once more. 

We both showered and got dressed. For some reason, I gave Mary Louise my cell phone number. How she was going to ever call me, I didn't know. I just knew I didn't want this night to end so soon.

We both went our ways that morning. I didn't hear from Mary Louise for a couple of months afterwards. 

I will tell you that tale in my next story.