 This story was previously submitted in the "Romance" category, but nobody read it. It's too hot to die a quiet death and I hope you agree.

People at the airport thought I'd been drinking. I hadn't, but I can't blame them for thinking that. I had stubble on my face, I staggered and I'd been working six days round the clock to straighten out some problems on an offshore oil-drilling rig created by a Malaysian Toolpusher who didn't know shit, but had an uncle in politics on the Company Board.

I fought back tears when I spotted my smiling Claire waving at the gate. I was that tired. I don't normally tear up, but maybe ten hours sleep in six days brings you back to what's important. And Claire was important. I hugged her and ran my hand up and down her back. I couldn't tell her how much I thought about her as I looked across a dark ocean at night; how she was always in my thoughts as I drifted off to sleep on a couch; how her enthusiasm for everything from raking leaves to roller-blading was so appreciated and so much part of the picture of her in my mind. So I just said "I'm so glad to see you" and blew my nose.

"Allergies?"

"Every time I see you."

She squeezed my hand and guided me to the car. I promptly fell asleep in mid-sentence. I don't know if it was her sentence or mine, but it didn't matter.

We got home and I got to do something I'd been dreaming about for days: sleep. I tossed my clothes in the hamper and all cares aside for the next 13 hours. When I awoke it was 11:30 am Thursday. The house was quiet. Claire was at work and wouldn't be home for six hours. My mind said "Get up!" but my body said "What for?" so I pulled a blind and went back to sleep.

The sound of my garage door opener roused me hours later and I was rubbing my eyes when Claire walked in.

"I can't believe you're still in bed! Have you been sleeping all this time?"

"Yuuup" I replied in my best Gary Cooper voice.

"I woke up once but my body was still aching so I went back to sleep."

Didn't you sleep at all on the rig?

"I'd nap for a half-hour at a time when I could squeeze it in, but that's yesterday. Come sit by me and let me run my hands through your hair and smell that sweet perfume."

"Let me take off my pantyhose first..."

"No. Let ME take off your pantyhose," I countered. Claire smiled and came round to the side of the bed. She wore a brown linen skirt and a black turtle neck top that showed the curve of her breasts quite nicely. Still, the sexiest thing she wore was a smile, which only got brighter as my hands crept up beneath her skirt and caressed her derriere.

"I've missed this. A lot."

My hands slid back and forth across the tight nylon for a moment, then descended beneath the waistband into softness. I caressed Claire's pale cheeks and pulled them up, down and sideways with my loving hands, elbowing the hose down a little more with each pass.

"You shouldn't start things you can't finish. Maybe you're still tired--ummmmunnnh!"

The little squeal of delight was expected. Claire was shy about it, but she liked having her cheeks pulled apart. I got some more squeals and pulled her hose down her thighs and her skirt up. I could feel myself get harder as her light brown pubic hair appeared, a small tangle covering her mons. Claire shifted her feet and thrust herself forward to my waiting fingers. I ran my hands up and down the limited area of her inside thighs I could reach and again around the soft full cheeks of her rear. I'd heard her complain a hundred times about her butt to others, but she was perfect for me. I had no interest whatsoever in a 115 pound model's tiny hamburger-size butt. Give me a grown woman's ass any day.

My hands inevitably returned to Claire's pubic region and I trailed my fingers back and forth through her hair. My fingertips caressed her labia lightly for a generous time, then I licked one and slowly inserted it into her warmth. I was rewarded with a cry of passion and the sexy sight of Claire hunching down as my finger twirled and slid amidst her wet folds. She grabbed my head to steady herself as soft moaning betrayed her heightened arousal. Her body jerked irregularly as my thumb joined the action, circling her tingling clitoris and occasionally rubbing it quickly for a second or two.

I slowed the action down for moment and kissed Claire passionately while arranging myself in a sitting position on the side of the bed. I sucked her tongue slowly and deeply, then she mine while I lifted her top off. Claire took her own bra off and brought her swaying breasts instinctively to my face. I reveled in the softness of those two mounds and hoped my unshaven beard wasn't hard on Claire's soft skin. Her firm nipples grazed my lips for a short moment before I opened them slightly and applied the most delicate pressure to those sensitive buds.

My reward was more sighs and muted squeals of delight as I took each hardened nipple in turn to my lips. A further reward awaited as I lifted Claire slightly and aligned the tip of my throbbing penis with her soft slit. Pure pleasure coursed through my body as Claire settled slowly down on the full length of my dick and wiggled in delight when her clitoris made contact with my pubic bone.

That wiggling gets to me every time and in a big way. I love the feel of her soft body settling in against mine, the sexy little shakes of the hip, the back and forth sway of her breasts. Then she raises herself and slides those incredibly soft folds of her femininity down on my waiting dick again. And again. And again.

I reach for Claire and hold her as we slip onto the bed. Her tempo is increasing and the little thrusts against my pubic bone become more insistent. Our cries of pleasure grow loud as each loving thrust takes less and less time until I can't hold back any longer. My balls instinctively contract and send their jets of hot sperm deep into my lover. I feel her quiver and hold for a second as she savors the feel, then continues her wet vertical massage of my still hard cock until her own passion peaks and she rubs her throbbing clit against my body until the spasms of joy drain her strength and she collapses against my chest.

There's not much to say after such a session, so we just held each other.

"I love you," I said.