 I was so excited I could hardly wait to see him, his car turned then mine. Pulling into the driveway at the exact same time. Biting my lip as I looked at him, and he smiled. Oh he tried to hide it for a second, trying to seem not so eager. But he was; oh how he hungered for me and I hungered for him.

He jumped out of the car and scooped me up, our lips met with a powerful expolsion. How I missed his lips; my eyes closed and my world spun. The more we kissed the tighter he held me. Until he finally let me back on my feet, smiling.

We wasted no time what so ever, rushing to the bedroom. I could feel his cock flinch as he grabbed me tight pulling me to his aching body, aching to taste my lips. Our arms and bodies danced as our mouths welcomed each other home. His arms held me tighter than they had ever before.

Clothes quickly flying off creating a mess on the floor. Seeing him sprawled out before me on the bed. I crawled to him, kissing him. He wasn't satisfied; no he needed my breast, and he took it cradled in my arms. 

Sucking hungrily and tenderly, moaning softly as my nipple grew in his mouth. Rubbing my fingers through his hair. Sucking his ear, my lips moving to his neck. Kissing and biting as I made my way to his shoulders, he sucked harder biting me as I bit into him.

Pushing him down on his back, sucking his nipple, biting each one, knowing it drove him wild. I wanted to drive him mad. He needed to know how much I missed him. 

Giving him one last lustful kiss on the lips before I took my place between his thighs. Looking at him, leaning down to take what I wanted, what I longed for, licking him from scrotum to head.

Kissing his cock, making my way back to his balls; kissing them, licking them, taking them in my hand and in my mouth sucking them. Hearing his moans, how he missed my attentiveness.

Licking up the back of his shaft, to his head, licking around it. Wrapping my lips around it, sucking it soft and fast, tasting the warm precum he gave just then. Wrapping my lips tight around his shaft, sucking him slowly up, getting him nice and wet. 

Taking his head to my tongue sucking it as I began to stroke him softly, barely grazing three fingers up and down his wonderful cock quickly.

I took his balls to my hand rubbing them softly, pushing them up to his shaft, pressing them against it as I sucked him slow. Savoring his cock I pushed my mouth down deep on him.

Rubbing his ass, spreading his thighs to reach him easy. I looked at him as I sucked his cock listening to him as my finger circled his hole. 

"I want your ass. I want to lick it and I want to finger it."

He smiled at me and spread his thighs wide, I licked him; slipping my tongue inside him. Looking at him as I took my finger to my mouth, sucking its length slowly. Watching his gorgeous face chewing on his lips, moaning slowly as I rubbed his hole.

Teasing it, before sliding it inside. Stroking him, I knew what he wanted, I knew what he needed and I gave it to him, he leaned forward grabbing my face kissing me exactly how I loved, I sucked his tongue and fingered him quickly.

"Lay down I want you now, and you are going to make a fucking mess of these sheets." He said as he put me on my back. Grabbing my thighs and pulling me to him. Kissing me, before taking my breast to his mouth.

And he sucked; oh how he sucked my nipples and breasts. His fingers moved to my pussy, parting my lips moving through my incredible wetness, wasting no time he pushed them deep. Thrusting quickly in and out of me. I moaned, and I cried out for him, he pulled his fingers out of my already swelling pussy, and pushed one into my ass.

Pushing two fingers from his other hand into me deep, and clamped his mouth on my clit; sucking and licking rapidly, licking up what I had already given forth, as he thrust hard and deep into both my pussy and my ass.

I clawed at the bed crying out loudly as he made my thighs shake, feeling tears gathering in my eyes as I begged him.

"Please Baby fuck me, oh fuck I need you. Fuck my ass, fuck my pussy, just make love to me I need you."

He took my mouth to his grabbing my hands pinning them above my head, and he kissed me. I tasted my pussy on his lips as I devoured his cock deep into my pussy. He thrust into me and I cried into his mouth. 

"Yes cum for me soak my fucking cock."

I moaned and panted as my thighs shook, he pulled out of me and pressed his mouth against my pussy. And I came for him, clawing at his head, shoulders, arms anything I could get my fingers on as he pushed two fingers hard into me, taking all that I had, before thrusting his cock hard into me again.

My pussy clenched down on his cock, and he trust hard and fast, grabbing the hair on the back of my head and pulling hard. 

"Oh Fuck, yes baby; bite my nipples, make me cum for you," he said as his thrusting became relentless. Taking his chest to my mouth, sucking and biting on his nipples, pinching them hard.

Grabbing my hair again; pulling my face from his chest, he stared at me as his thrusts became harder. Crying out loudly for him as I became very close. I came for him again as he took my lips to his, thrusting very hard, and slow as he spilled himself deep inside.

Pulling out of me and collapsing next to me as his chest rose and fell, I held his sweaty body against mine, kissing him. Feeling his fingers stroking my arm laying across his chest; I was happy.

"Incredible." I whispered in his ear.

"Oh I'm not finished with you yet, I'm going to fuck your ass too."