 I grew up in a small town in rural Connecticut. It was a fairly simple life long before technology permitted everything. There were endless days enjoying simple pleasures and having fun. My partner in 'crime' those days was the neighbor girl Karen. She was a year younger than I, so we grew up together, we were inseparable through school and for a brief time afterwards we dated. We were both inexperienced then, so dating involved a lot of kissing and her top being off more than it was on, but no sex, nothing below the waste.

More than twenty years on, and the town we grew up in was still a small town. Nothing had changed, there was still only a couple of stop signs and a couple of blinking lights. The gas station was now a chain store owned by the one person who hadn't been in town all his life, but that was about it. With the average graduating class being about 30 kids each year, the town held an annual "All of school reunion" that served as a spring fair, and fund raiser for local community programs.

I had spent most of the time since college in Europe, gotten married and had kids. We had only just moved back the previous winter so when I saw the event pop up on Facebook I figured I would take the drive back home. It would be a good excuse to get back and see who was still around. I had aged, now had glasses, salt and pepper hair and had added a few pounds from my high school days, so I wasn't sure how many people would recognize me.

I was had just bought a bag of popcorn from the local boy scout troop and turned around when I saw Karen walking my way. Karen had one true love growing up, horse riding. After high school she had moved to up state New York, gotten married and bought a horse farm. These days she spent her days boarding houses and giving riding lessons, so I was not expecting to see her. There she was however, walking towards me as if straight from a memory wearing her riding outfit. Those high boots, the skin tight tan pants, the snug black vest, hair tied up to fit under the helmet that she held in her hand. I did a double take, it was like looking back through time, twenty years ago when I would go watch her compete at horse shows. She stopped and talked to someone briefly before starting my way again. We were about ten feet from each other when she saw me and stopped. 

Our eyes met for a few stunned seconds. Slowly a smile spread across both our lips. "Oh my god..." she mouthed silently before rushing up to me, dropping her helmet on the ground and hugging me tightly. My popcorn flew all over the place. The hug lasted a bit longer than was appropriate, suddenly feeling a bit awkward we gave each other a quick kiss on the cheek and then stood back and composed ourselves. 

I picked up her helmet and handed it back to her with a warm smile. "Uhh... Thanks..." she said almost sheepishly looking around a bit. "H... how are you?" She settled down a bit as she spoke and the smile returned to her face. "How are you?" she repeated again. "Are Liz and the kids here?" she asked looking around again and mistaking my wife's name.

"No... Lisa and the kids have gone back to Europe for the summer to spend it with her family." I said. Is Craig here?" I asking politely politely about her husband.

"No he's back in New York looking after the farm. Besides, he's never very interested in coming back to town... Where as I..."

"Love it here" we both said at the same time, and laughed. 

She explained that she had come back to help out with the event, giving pony rides to kids for a dollar with the money supporting a local rehabilitation place for animals in needs. Because she had been giving rides all day, she had dressed the part. 

"Are you in town long?" she asked. 

"Not sure. I only live about an hour and a half away these days so I'll probably head home this evening."

"Oh... you should stay. There is a small party at Town Pizza, where a bunch of us are catching up."

"That would be cool." I said absently, "But I really don't have any place to stay these days with mom and dad gone South. I suppose I could check with my cousin to see if..."

"I'm staying at my parents house." she interrupted my train of thought. "They are on vacation. You can stay at the house, there is plenty of room."

"I uuhhhh" 

She looked at me and laughed. "Come on it's fine. There are two more bed rooms in the place. I resisted you for all those years... I am sure I can manage one night under the same roof."

"We'll see..." I said. Then I laughed as she looked at me with a sour look. It was my turn to laugh then. "I meant I'll stay for the party, and we'll see about where I am going to stay for the night... not about you being able to resist me."

"We'll see..." she giggled.

We walked around the the area for a bit more laughing and pointing things out until the early afternoon. "Well... I am carrying about 10 extra pounds of dust and sand in this riding uniform. I have GOT to go home and take a shower before the party. How about you stop by the package store and grab us some wine and then meet me back home?" 

"Moscotto ok?" I asked about the wine.

"I am sure it will be fine. The door will be open." she said, leaning over and kissing me on the cheek once more before heading off. I couldn't help but watch her ass in those tight pants as she walked. I had spent so many years trying to get into those pants, and they looked every bit as good now as when we were teenagers, even better.

I headed back to my car right away, getting stopped by a few people here and there, but I kept to my goal of getting to her place as soon as I could. My mind wandered back and forth to memories of us together during the heat of summer, I had to admit to myself that the passage of time didn't change things, I wanted her now even more than I did then.

It was only about twenty minutes before I had wine and was at her place, but it seemed like hours. I grabbed the bottles of wine I had bought along the way and headed for the front door. As promised, it was unlocked, so I let myself in. Some things never changed, no one ever locked their doors here, even in this day and age. 

"Hi" I yelled out as I came in the door. I could hear the shower running in the bathroom. I went into the kitchen and put one of the bottles into the refrigerator, and then set about searching for a bottle opener. Nothing in the house had really changed over the years. The curtains had been updated and the couch was newer, but it all felt the same. I spend half my summer vacation in this house each year. I poured two glasses of wine, and then headed back to the living room to sit down and wait. The shower was still running, it was only then that I noticed that the door to the bathroom was fully open.

My stomach turned a bit. I found myself just outside of the bathroom door. It was wrong, but I couldn't help myself. "Hi" I called out again. I could see her standing there, facing away from me, water running down her body. 

"Hi" she called out. "I'll only be a few minutes, make yourself at home."

"Take your time..." I said my eyes not moving away from the image of her body.

She turned back and forth, washing her hair and her body. Twenty years of horse riding and farm work had kept her in incredible shape. We had both added a few pounds of course, and I had more than a few grey hairs myself, but to me she looked better now as an early 40's woman than I had ever imagined. Even though the glass of the shower door was fogged up, I could make out her body shape, those amazing breasts that I used to run my hands over, those nipples that I used to suck on... I wanted to take her there... in the shower... my breath was coming in short gasps, my cock was threatening to burst from my pants. 

The wine glass started to slip from my hands, I started catching it and trying to compose myself. I took a long slow sip of the wine, watching her through the steam covered door. She turned around to the side, washing her body. A slight groan escaped my lips as soapy hands ran over hear breasts, down her stomach and along her legs. Her hands lingered between her legs for a while, I only realized that I was holding my breath when a moan escaped from her lips and I gasped.

The water stopped and snapped me back to reality. Quietly I slipped back to the living room and sat down. I sipped my wine as I sat there waiting for her. She came out of the bathroom in a pair of loose fitting running shorts and an over sized t-shirt. Her towel dried and tossed hair was down around her shoulders. I smiled at the sight, it was like no time had passed.

I stood up and handed her the second glass of wine, then we sat back town together on the couch. We made small talk for a bit, but I was finding it difficult to concentrate on the conversation. I am sure she could feel me undressing her with my eyes constantly. She talked about her farm and all the animals she had. I talked a little about my job and the new place, however I am sure the look on my face did more talking then my mouth did. 

"Come on" she said standing up and breaking the tension. "Lets go on the deck... it's hot and stuffy in here." She grabbed my hand and led me to the deck out the back of the house. There were a couple of lounge chairs and a table on the deck so we sat down again. 

We chatted a bit about old times, looking out over the old horse paddock in her back yard, and exchanging "Remember When's." Karen got up and went to the edge of the deck, leaning over, her elbow on the railing, her chin on her hand. I swallowed hard as her legs spread a bit, and the shorts rode up her ass. 

"Remember when we used to make out in the barn." she said, looking back at me. She could see my eyes wide staring at her ass.

"Remember?"

"Yeh" I gasped.

"Remember when you tried to get your hand down my pants?" she said, standing up slowly and turning around, leaning back against the railing.

"Yeh" I said again breathless.

"You stopped... but if you hadn't... If you had tried again... " she slowly reached down, sliding the loose fitting leg of her shorts to the side slightly. My eyes went wide, the world stopped, that smooth pussy that I had wanted for so long...

I stood up and crossed the deck in two steps, grabbing her and kissing her hard. My hands grabbed at her ass, crushing her against me. 

"I saw you watching me." she panted. "I wanted you to come in..." she whimpered. 

Her hands slid into the waistband of her shorts, sliding them over her hips and letting them fall to the ground. I slid the t-shirt over her head. I was ravenous, kissing her, hands running over her body. My mouth found her nipples and I sucked hard. She whimpered a bit. Karen had been the first woman I had ever wanted, a whole lifetime of desire opened inside of me at once.

I pulled back from her a few steps and looked at her fully naked body. Suddenly feeling embarrassed she crossed her hands over herself. "I... uumm... I'm sorry... I've put on some..."

"Shhhhh" I said to her cutting her off and approaching her slowly. "Don't..." I smiled. "You are gorgeous. You are sexier now then then we were 20." She started to protest, but she could see the hunger in my eyes, the lust in my face, she knew that it was true. 

I grabbed her, my hand running down her face, along her chest grabbing one go her breasts. The other hand cupped her ass, our tongues danced together in her mouth. Once again I pulled back slightly, then dropped down to my knees. 

"What?" she started. "Luke... Don't" she started, but what she was going to say was lost when she felt my mouth on her pussy, felt my tongue pressing into her warm slit searching out her clit. "Oh my... " her hands gripped the railings of the deck. "Fuck! she gasped." Her legs spread a bit wider, one of her hands found the back of my head. "I've never... " she started again, and then was lost in a gasp.

I stood up and kissed her deeply once again, then took her by the hand and let her to one of the lounge chairs. I had her sit down, sitting forward on the chair, legs spread. Her pussy was perfectly smooth, and very wet, her clit poked out from her slit. Her lips parted a bit inviting me for more. Once again I knelt down, bringing my mouth back between her legs. My tongue worked her hole first, then slid up and down to her clit and back. Her back arched her hands guided my head. As her moans increased I knew she was ready for more.

I worked my way up to her clit, sucking and licking. Karen begged me for more, but I kept up an agonizingly slow pace, building slowly. I figured this was a once in a lifetime opportunity, so I wanted to make sure her orgasm was mind blowing. As my licks intensified, she ground herself against me more and more. It seemed like an eternity, but her hands left my head and gripped the chair. Finally she moaned loudly, thrusting her pussy against me as she had an orgasm that left her trembling and gasping for air.

She sat there for a few minutes catching her breath, half lying down, legs spread. Finally her breathing settled, and her eyes focused on me once again. Her hand trailed down between her legs, gently running over her clit. As her finger glided over her clit she shuddered from it being over sensitive. Slowly the spasms calmed down, she watched me the whole time, with hungry look on her face. Slowly she spread her lips showing me her tender pink flesh, her stolen clit, and her dripping wet hole. "You have no idea how many times I sat out here like this, getting myself off, imagining you here... with me." She smiled a deep sexy smile. "But not that... I never imagined what THAT was like."

Karen got up and came towards me. We kissed again, lightly at first as she wasn't sure about the taste. As she adjusted to the taste of her pussy on me, the kisses got deeper and more intense. Her tongue darted into my mouth as if to take back all of her cum from me. He hands grabbed for my pants, she whimpered in frustration to get my belt undone until it finally cooperated. Finally the button was undone, the zipper down, she slid her hand into my pants. She smiled realizing I wasn't wearing any underwear. Then her eyes opened wide, she gasped in excitement as her hands went further down smooth skin all the way to my balls.

My pants fell to the floor freeing my very wet, very hard cock. Her hand cupped my balls, feeling there soft smooth skin. I had imagined this very scene a thousand times. Slowly Karen lowered herself to her knees, looking at me, gently stroking my girth. A huge glob of precut erupted from the head running down her hand, she watched it, unconsciously licking her lips.

Suddenly worried she looked up at me. "I ummmm... " she flushed red. "I... don't... I don't know what to do." she said sheepishly. "I've never... WE've never..." I ran a hand down the side of her face, she looked up at me and smiled. Then slowly she opened her mouth and took my head between her lips. I moaned with pleasure feeling her mouth on me. She didn't take me very deep or for very long, but that moment was a dream come true.

She sucked my cock for a few minutes. I would have loved to have finished off in her mouth, watching her drink down my cum, but I couldn't bare the thought of not having her, not being inside of her. I couldn't want any longer, so I pulled out of her mouth and led her back to the lounge chair. I sat down on the lounge, lying back fully and leading her forward by the hand. She startled me, locking my eyes with hers as she moved. Reaching down she angled my cock straight up, then slowly lowered herself on me. Inch by inch she worked my cock deep inside her. She was incredibly wet, helping her to slide down slowly until she finally rested against me fully.

I pushed my hips upwards slightly, changing the angle of penetration, making it deeper, and angling her clit to rub against me. Then slowly I guided her hips forward and back. She trembled as she moved. "Oh that is so good." she moaned. My hands ran up her sides and the caressed her breasts while she kept grinding herself against me. At first she was moving slowly figuring it was her turn to get me off, but things started to change as she went along. I could feel her grinding getting more deliberate, more focused on her clit and she went. Her muscles gripped me more and more. "Oh my god" she gasped as the rocked more and more against me, finally exploding into a second orgasm, bigger than the first one. 

I was on the verge of orgasm myself, and her spasms were like heaven. I pushed my cock deeper into her, again and again. Each thrust of my hips was met with a gasp and another spasm as her orgasm raged on. One last time and I felt myself explode deep inside of her with an orgasm that started from my toes and ripped through my entire body. I grabbed her hips and thrusted hard, she yelped at the sudden fury as I pumped her full of my cum. I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her down close to me still gently thrusting into her, draining every last drop of my cum. Finally my arms and legs fell limp, all I could do was gasp for breath.

Karen sat up for a bit, staying there. "I can feel you..." she smiled. "Going soft inside of me and slipping out. I can feel your cum inside of me... I love it." She kept smiling at me.

"We should have done this twenty years ago..." I said. Again she smiled. 

Karen lifted herself off of me, letting my cock slide out of her. Our mixed cum gushed out all over us as she moved. Kneeling down beside me the ran her hand over my chest, down my leg. "That was incredible" she said. But there is one thing I really wanted more of... your hard cock in my mouth..." leaning down she took me back into her mouth, taking my entire cock, and sucking gently.

I don't know how long we staid there like that, but eventually she stood up, and with a laugh said "I think we both need another shower before heading to the party."