 Her eyes closed, feeling his lips brush across her stomach. So soft. So warm. Her hands went to the back of his head, pulling him gently to her, anticipating where his mouth was moving to next.

She forced herself to open her eyes and look down at him. The top of his head. A glimpse of his warm brown eyes. A hint of a smile across his lips as he showered her body with kisses. It would be too easy to lose herself in the sensations and close her eyes in ecstasy, but she wouldn't allow herself to. Too many times in the past year she had closed her eyes and remembered his kisses. She had been with other men. Too many other men. Not that she had gone very far with many of them. Usually she just ended up thinking about him. About those tiny little kisses that he was now showering her body with. And she couldn't enjoy being with someone else. But a few times, she had been with someone who had reminded her a little of him, and she had been able to manage it. To just close her eyes and think about it. Remember. Pretend. And while she was always gripped with shame afterwards for doing it, for at least a few very pleasant moments she had been able to be back exactly where she longed to be. In his arms.

But now, she was back there for real. So she forced herself to open her eyes and look at him instead of reveling in the sensation of his warm mouth as his lips traveled further down her body. His hair was thinner. And quite a bit more gray. Had it really been that long? She liked the gray. She even liked the new lines fanning out from his eyes when he smiled at her. But the tan was a little unsettling. She didn't want to think about the happy things that happened in his life without her. The trips to the beach. The candlelit dinners. The kisses that didn't include her. She couldn't let herself think about those things. This was all that mattered.

He kissed his way back up her body , flicking his tongue across her nipple before making his way to her neck. Mmmmm Pressing his lips to the soft flesh where her neck met her shoulder, gently he nibbled. She shifted slightly and pressed her legs together, feeling herself get wetter as his teeth grazed her tender skin. She wanted to cry out... to beg him to slide up on top of her and press into her but she knew it would do no good. They were still a very long way from that. First there was the touching. The kissing. The reconnecting. It had been too long but she still remembered the way that he would delight in torturing her until he couldn't take it any longer.

The kisses. Lips to lips. Barely brushing against each other, parting lips, gently sucking at her bottom lip. The tip of his tongue tracing her lips, then parting them slightly. She felt herself melting into his kiss as their tongues entwined and began the slow dance that would lead to their bodies doing the same dance.

"I need to tell you something," he started.

"No," she whispered, closing her eyes, never breaking the kiss. She remembered the cards. Secrets revealed, sending chills down her spine. Secrets seemed to always have a way of not being good news. "Later," she whispered thinking that she could handle anything he had to say, as long as she got to make love to him first. Even if it was just one last time.

He understood. She felt his reluctance to keep quiet but she also knew that he understood what she needed. Just for now, he was thinking. And it was ok between them. Everything unspoken, like nothing had ever happened, like no time had passed as he slid on top of her, pinning her to the bed with his weight. She sighed that little contented sigh and he remembered what it felt like to be home. His hands moved from her shoulders, stroking the length of her arms, finding her wrists. His fingers wrapped around both wrists and simultaneously lifted her hands above her head, pressing them to the bed. For a moment he longed for the ropes. For the leather cuffs. Just the thought of having her bound to the bed in front of him was more than he could bear. He wanted her helpless and at his mercy. He wanted to drag his fingertips over her soft flesh and feel goosebumps form. He wanted to feel her body rise up off the bed, silently begging for more of his touch. He wanted to taste her and feel her wanting to move against him, unable to control the pressure and speed. He wanted to make her want him more than she had ever wanted anything. Definitely next time, the ropes would come out. It was long overdue.

But tonight wasn't the night for that. Tonight he just needed to be inside of her. Inside of her body, so soft and warm and wet. Inside of her brain. Inside of her heart. Tonight he needed to lose himself in the pleasure. In her love.

She parted her legs as he slid on top of her. Her hips rolled up towards him and her legs wrapped around him. He knew where this was going, all too well. He was hard and waiting to slip inside. She was wet and eager. And as she rolled her hips up to meet him, the head of his cock made contact with her velvety soft pussy lips. He closed his eyes tightly for a second and took a deep breath. Control. But control was forgotten as she arched her back and took the first inch or so of the head of his hard cock inside of her. She wanted more and tried to thrust against him. He wanted to plunge the full length as hard and deep as he could thrust it. But instead, he just softly began to thrust against her. Just an inch. Just enough to make her beg with her body for more. Maybe two inches but no more, even as she began to tremble beneath his touch.

"Please," she whispered through ragged breaths. "Please fuck me," she barely whispered, not wanting to sound vulgar but needing him inside.

A smile played across his lips. Yes, this was right. Nothing had ever been this right. She looked up at him, desperately pleading with those soulful blue eyes. Those eyes had haunted him all the months they were apart. The deep blue the color of the morning sky in the west just before the sun rises in the east. The eyes that looked inside his heart and tugged his soul from its safe depths out into the open where it was no longer safe. Eyes locked, he felt her melting into him, and it was more than he could stand to not be part of her. 

"My baby," he whispered, never breaking the gaze. "My baby," he whispered a little louder, this time pushing slowly into her. His lips moved to her lips, not quite kissing, more just brushing against hers as the head of his cock sank as deep inside of her as he could push. He wanted to go further, to just crawl inside her and lose himself in the sensation.

Her ankles locked behind his back and she arched her back to take as much of him inside as possible. The rhythm of their bodies moving together began to build. He could feel her wrapped around him. He could feel her moving, thrusting, quivering, and every movement sent dangerous waves of pleasure through his body. Her eyes closed and he could see her losing herself in the pleasure. Then she would force them open again, quickly making eye contact again, gazing deep into his eyes. She needed to look in his eyes. To stay 100% grounded. To stay completely in the moment that her body had longed for so desperately. They both knew it wouldn't last long. At least not the first time, not that it ever really mattered since there would be a second and a third and probably a fourth and fifth time. But the first time was too difficult to control. He heard her breathing and knew she was too close. He could stop to drag it out, but there was no stopping. So he thrust, harder and deeper. Hearing her cry out gave him a thrill and made him want to do it again, harder and deeper. So he did. Again and again, as hard and deep as he could force himself into her, wanting to make her cum hard. And he did. But as he heard her moaning grow louder, the desperate scream of pleasure forming in her throat, he knew he wasn't just pushing her over the edge. He was falling over the edge himself and it was exactly where he wanted to be. He felt her body convulsing. Her muscles contracting around his cock as it started to throb, juices flowing down the length of his shaft, dripping onto his balls as he felt them tighten. She buried her face in his shoulder. Her mouth moved against his bare skin, softly biting trying to keep from screaming. He knew she would leave him marked, and while it didn't really matter, he still stopped her. He dipped his head to hers, catching her lips with his, pulling her face back up to his.

"Open your eyes," he demanded wanting her there with him. "Look at me." So she did.

"Fuck me," she begged softly. "Don't ever stop. Fuck me." She was still cumming. He could feel the twitching. And his own climax swept through his body as she whimpered, her lips still touching his. Briefly he thought that he never knew the missionary position could be like this, then he thought nothing else as his orgasm rolled over him and he pumped his cum as deep inside of her wet pussy as he could get it.

They clung to each other desperately, holding as tight as they could while their bodies recovered. As their breathing returned to normal, he was drawn down her body. Kissing his way down, licking the drops of sweat off her breasts, tracing the lines of her body with his tongue. She wanted to pull him back close to her but she knew where he was going. His hot tongue found her dripping pussy. She was still sensitive and shuddered beneath him but he didn't hesitate. He parted her lips with his tongue and the combined juices of their lovemaking flowed across his lips. She heard a little moan, felt it vibrate across her labia. Then she felt his lips sucking at her wetness. His tongue moved back up to her clit and began to roll it between his lips. His tongue flicked at the tiny hard nub and once again her hips beyond her control began to thrust against him. She knew she would cum almost instantly but tried to pull back to prolong it. Unfortunately, there was no prolonging it as he alternated between sucking at her clit and darting his tongue in and out of her dripping slit.

And then, his body sliding back up hers. His full weight against her damp body. She was limp. Satisfied. Happy. But he wasn't through. She felt his hard cock at her opening and almost wanted to protest in exhaustion. But she didn't dare. This time was different. He positioned the smooth head against her opening then thrust hard and deep, burying his cock all the way to his balls inside of her. She cried out but before she could make any real noise, his mouth covered hers. His tongue parted her lips and forced inside and she felt the sticky cum flow from his mouth to hers as he pounded his hard cock into her over and over. She thrust her tongue into his mouth then sucked at his tongue, savoring every drop of the salty cum, licking it off his lips, sucking every drop from his mouth. She thought she heard him growling I love you but she couldn't be sure as orgasm #2 ripped through his body and animalistic grunts and growls escaped his mouth. She wrapped her legs back around his waist and pulled him close, loving the feeling of his body shuddering and spasming on top of her, thrusting those last few thrusts, then collapsing against her, burying his face in her neck.