 So after having a nice dinner for our romantic evening, we decided to sit down and watch a video or two. Knowing we had several hours before anyone would disturb us, I plugged our laptop into the big screen. This way we could go on one of my favorite sites and I could try to get her to choose a particular video. But like it usually winds up, I scroll through the list hoping something will catch her interest, and either nothing jumps out at her, or she is too embarrassed to tell me what kind she wants to watch.

I end up choosing a German massage video of all things. I speak a little German, so I could have got by, but fortunately, this had subtitles. At least this way if they actually said anything important, you'd know what it was. The guy was older, but very good looking, and the girl, although too skinny for me, was an attractive redhead. Anything with a redhead gets me going. But that's not the important part here. After all the preliminary oiling and back rubbing and such, the masseuse had his client lay on her back. He started to move his fingers in small circles just above her pubic bone, right at the top of her finely trimmed bush. In the subtitle he asked if he was "in the spot"?? The way she squirmed on the table, it was apparent he was.

I turned to my wife, who at this time had her legs spread apart with one draped across mine, and asked if you could rub the "G" spot externally. She had never heard of such a thing. So we didn't give it any more thought at the time. So I slowly started running my fingers up and down the insides of her thigh, as the video got down to business. All the oil and the heated bodies glistening on the screen were getting both of us excited. My fingers were getting closer to the lips of her pussy with every stroke. But not yet, there was more to watch. When it got to the point that the redhead on the video was about to climax, I started to part the lips of the redhead sitting next to me. No wonder anything with a redhead gets me going. As my fingers delicately slid between her pussy lips, it was obvious the video was having its intended effect. She was sopping wet, in the midst of the redheaded vixen on TV climaxing; my redhead was already on the edge of her own. It took only a few strokes on her clit to launch her over the edge. She arched her back, and grabbed my hand to make sure it stayed where she wanted it. I was rubbing her clit furiously now, and had no intention of moving.

Her first orgasm over now, she settled back to watch the end of the video. I continued playing with her pussy, on occasion frigging her clit to get her close again. The video reached its end, with the normal cum shot close up. Never really does much for me, I've always been one to want to shoot my load deep inside her pussy, or down her throat. On the occasion I can explode in her ass, I'll take that any day as well for sure. 

I scroll through the list to find something else of interest, and find an anal video shot on the beach. Great concept and beautiful scenery, but they ruined it by dubbing the voices. Could have been a really good one, but it only lasted a few minutes for us before we went looking again. This time, I found a girl on girl with toys video. Sometimes I find this really turns my wife on. Both models were very pretty, but it was rather clumsily shot. You could even hear the videographer giving them instructions at times. But, seeing the girls go at each other with different dildos and vibrators was working quite well. My fingers were now buried in her pussy, while my thumb rubbed her clit. I kept this up until she was ready to climax again, then quickly switched hands so I could get a better angle between her lips. This did it for her, orgasm number two on its way. Head thrown back and biting her bottom lip, she moaned my name over and over as the waves rippled through her body.

She barely waited for her spasms to end before she grabbed my cock and engulfed it in her mouth. She was still in the throes of her own orgasm, and moaning around my bulging member. If she kept this up, I wouldn't be able to last long. It was at this point, I saw the blonde on the video rubbing the brunette just above her pubic bone. The same as in the massage video. I thought to myself, there must be something to this. But with my wife's mouth around my cock, I had other things to worry about. She kept at it a little longer, and decided she wanted something else. Standing up and facing me, she spread her legs and straddled me, burying my cock in her pussy in one forceful thrust of her hips. We both supremely enjoy this position, and trapped as I was on the couch with her on top of me, there was nothing I could do to slow her down. 

She thrust her hips for all she was worth, grinding against me. As wet and hot as she was, with the muscle control she has with her pussy, it didn't take long for her to milk the cum up from my balls. My climax overcame me so quickly; there was nothing I could do but to hold on to her thrusting hips. I tried to bury myself as deeply inside her as I could, but she kept grinding and thrusting. The sensations were overwhelming. Blasting my load into her drenched pussy, it felt like I was being turned inside out. As powerful an orgasm as I've ever had. She slowed to a stop as I started calming down. True bliss engulfing us both. But we weren't done yet. She stood up and rushed to the bathroom to get cleaned up, so I followed behind her.

After cleaning up like we usually do, she gave me that certain smile that says let's watch another. I found a particularly good video about a young farm girl that gets away from her home town and moves to the big city to find herself. Very well done, like a mini movie. When it got to the scene that she asks the guy to fuck her up the ass, well that did it for my wife. She was so excited, pussy juice flowing everywhere. This is when I got on my knees between her legs and went to work. Running my tongue between her lips was divine, and tasting her nectar had me in heaven. Her proud little clit was begging for attention, and when I ran my tongue across it, she shuddered. Eyes glued to the screen when the young beauty was taking a cock up her ass, I began to lick her outer lips and clit. Speeding up as her excitement built, it wasn't long before she reached another fantastic orgasm. Lifting her hips off the couch to push her pussy into my face, she humped my tongue in rhythm with her spasms. As she came down from this one, her third of the evening, she realized she was getting a hitch in her neck from the couch armrest. Time to move to the bedroom.

As she headed for the bed, I followed quickly behind her, my erection bobbing with every step. She reached the bed, and lay on her back, expecting me to bury my cock in her pussy right then. But I wanted to try something. Lifting her leg onto one shoulder, I lowered my mouth to her engorged clit again. But this time, as I started to lick her, I also started to rub just above her trim little bush, as I had seen in the video. Incredible does not begin to describe the reaction I got. It was instant moans just shy of screams. It only took probably fifteen seconds for her to blast off on the most powerful orgasm of her life. The ripples that went through her body were amazing, and we were in absolute shock. What the hell did you just do, she managed to mutter through her moans. 

But instead of answering, I began again. Licking her clit and rubbing above her pubic bone, but this time much faster and with a little more pressure. This was unbelievable. In an instant, she was in the midst of an even more powerful orgasm. Her screams shook the windows. Never before have either of us experienced anything like it. In less than twenty seconds she just had the two most earth shattering orgasms imaginable. We were both mesmerized by what had just happened. Almost in a trance I climbed up her body and mounted her. I savagely thrust into her drenched pussy, both of us shaking with excitement at what had just occurred. The thoughts of what I did to her just now made me so hot, that I only lasted another minute before my own massive climax overcame me. I thrust as deeply into her as I could, and my spasms rocked my world. All the time we both were moaning each other's names over and over.

When we both calmed down enough to have an intelligent conversation, we were in awe of what had just happened. Never had we heard of anything like this, and how we wish we had found out about it years ago. But that's the past, can't change that. But now, the future looks very promising with the new trick we have found. 

We can hardly wait for next time...