 As I sat on the red eye flight out of Vegas, the events of the day flooded my mind. The last words to my boss, Tony had been, "Fuck off." I had no idea if my job as a cocktail waitress was still intact and at this point I didn't care. I was tired of getting groped for free and being expected to stroke the egos of middle aged men with "sticky" fingers that always found themselves stuck to my ass. 

I'd recently shed the latest of my "Vegasy, all about money" asshole boyfriends. So, my only thought after arguing with Tony and being given some "time off" was heading home to Iowa. Immediately after leaving the casino, I'd phoned my Mom. She had informed me that she and Dad were headed out of town on vacation but that I was welcome to stay. She'd said Stacy would come by and do some errands on the farm for Dad but that it needn't bother me. Stacy Miller and I had been on the cheerleading squad together and her farm was next to my parents'. I hadn't realized she'd been helping Dad but thought it would be a good time catching up with some high school friends.

I had packed my bag with some casual clothes and left behind my club hopping halters and leather and boarded the plane with a simple flowered sundress. I was heading home "small town girl" style. My long, layered reddish brown hair was pulled loosely into a braid at the nape of my neck.

Soon, I found myself safely on the ground and in a pint-sized rental car driving toward my childhood home. "I need this break," I thought to myself.

As I approached the long, gravel driveway that led to my parents' farm, I was surprised how much it had changed in my eyes. It didn't seem nearly as big after living in the always overdone, oversized City of Sin. It also seemed so plain and not flashy. It was exactly what I craved, simplicity.

I found the key my parents have hidden in the same place for more than 40 years. I opened the door and called out just to make sure Stacy hadn't hung around late. When I heard no response, I let myself fall into the worn recliner where my Dad always sat. The cool breeze was flowing in from the screen door. It was like I'd been in a time machine that had brought me directly from the hustle and bustle of Vegas to an older time.

After settling in, I walked onto the front porch and gazed at the fields stretched out in front of me. It was strange to see so much open land. I again felt the pleasant, calm breeze fall against my face. As I stood lost in the peace of it all, I noticed that my childhood tire swing still hung on the huge tree in front of the house. "You're 35 years old Rachel, get real!"

My mature logic lost out. Like a child, I found myself running for the tire swing as if I was trying to outrun my brother 25 years ago. I fought the tendency to yell, "Last one there is a rotten egg!"

Without a care for the state of my dress, I jumped onto the tire swing. I knew the black surface was probably leaving a stain on my yellow, short sundress and upper thighs, but I didn't care. I found myself letting my legs reverse under the tire and swing forward as it began to move. I was swinging higher and higher, my skirt blowing in the breeze. With the thin, silk panties I was wearing, I could feel the breeze tease my inner thighs and outer lips with each swing. 

As I let go of more of the leftover stress, I found myself becoming aroused. "Nobody is here. Why not?" I thought.

I stopped the tire swing, propped a hand on the trunk of the old tree and shimmied out of my panties. I touched my pussy lips gently and could feel that the long forgotten feeling of arousal had surfaced again. I felt a wicked grin on my face as I murmured to myself, "Back to the swing!"

I sat down on the swing and grasped the chains with my hands. As I began to increase speed, I could feel the air tease my clit. Without full control of it, I started to moan, in an uninhibited way. I hadn't felt this excited in years. Holding onto the chain of the swing with one hand, I used the other to gently spread open my pussy lips. As soon as the air hit my moist inner lips and clit, I moaned in ecstasy. 

Before I knew it, I had 2 fingers buried inside my pussy. I had eased off on the swinging and taken the other hand off the chain and it had involuntarily found my clit. The freedom of the situation was so stimulating. Here I sat, basically in the front yard, fucking my own hole and fingering my clit. My moans intensified as I began to rub more intensely and put more pressure on my pleasure bud.

As I felt my climax rising throughout my body, I put full pressure on my clit and moved my fingers in and out of my pussy more and more quickly. As sudden as an earthquake, I felt the rumble between my legs and came. It seemed to start at the tip of my head and move quickly throughout my body. After briefly stopping at my clitoris, causing a gushing of squirting cum to exit, the orgasm finished all the way to the end of my toes. An exhausted squeal of pleasure escaped my mouth.

At that moment, I sensed movement and looked toward the porch. Had I imagined the hand that was escaping around the side of the house? When I stood up to look there was nobody there. "It was just my imagination." I headed back into the house for a long bath and a good night's sleep. Stacy was supposed to come by tomorrow and I was sure we'd be hitting all the "fun spots" we'd frequented when we were in high school. I'd need sleep to keep up with her. 

I awoke to the smell of breakfast cooking in the kitchen. I dragged my naked body to the rocking chair long enough to slip on a t-shirt and undies before heading downstairs. Stacy and I had so much to catch up on before hitting the local hotspots. I trotted down the stairs and rounded the corner of the kitchen grabbing a brown piece of warm toast from the toaster and spinning around. "Hey, girlfrie……"

I froze. Standing in front of me was not Stacy Miller, my childhood friend. In her place was a man. All I could think of was, "I'm standing half naked in front of a perfect stranger!"

"Who are you?" I yelled. The Vegas woman in me grabbed the closest thing, a yet unused frying pan.

"Hey, calm down," he said, moving toward me with his hands raised in defense. "No need to hurt me." He stuck his hand out in a greeting gesture. "I'm Stacy, your parents' employee, the man who runs the farm now."

I couldn't hide the look of confusion and disbelief. "Why hadn't my mother told me this? Or had she?" I had been so caught up in everything back west that I didn't remember the last thing my mother had even said to me.

Upon realizing my silly mistake, I began to giggle.

"So, I'm funny now?" he asked. He had an adorable, slight annoyed look on his face and the more I looked at him, the more I realized how stunning he was. He stood there in worn Levi's and a t-shirt. From the sleeves of the shirt, escaped two tanned and toned arms, obviously those of a working man. His brownish, bronze hair was a bit beyond needing a haircut and the bangs hung down on his brow. But what I noticed most were his sparkling green eyes and dimple-filled smile. He had that farmboy freshness, but he was a man. The stockiness of his legs and chest told me that.

Finally, I regained focus. "No, it's not you. It's just that when my mother told me that Stacy would be here to do some errands, I assumed it was Stacy Miller from the next farm, my high school pal. Thus, my running half naked to the kitchen for breakfast. I'm Rachel, by the way. I really should get a robe or something. Just stay right there."

I left before he could respond. I grabbed a terry cloth robe that I found on the back of my parents' bathroom door and ran like a schoolgirl back down the stairs.

"There, is this better?" I said entering with my arms outstretched like a supermodel.

"You look great, but I didn't think you looked bad before." He said it with such a serious face I couldn't tell if he was flirting or just stating a fact.

"Thanks," I said, suddenly speechless.

We finished breakfast in a comfortable silence. I began to clear the table.

I sensed his movement and was suddenly tingly as he reached around me to put his dishes in the sink in front of me.

"Well, I guess I'll get to my errands. It was nice to finally meet you Rachel." 

I turned to face him. I couldn't just let him walk out and leave just yet. 

Suddenly, I blurted out, "Hey, could you use some help today? I'm trying to get the big city out of my head and some good hard farm work could help."

Hoping to sense some excitement from Stacy, I looked closely for his reaction.

He turned to get his worn baseball cap, put in on, and said "Sure, whatever makes you happy." Then he headed out the door. Not exactly the reaction I was hoping for.

I ran upstairs anyway. This was going to be fun. I threw my hair into a high ponytail that still allowed me some flirtatious hair swinging. I put on some old, worn jeans and a red tank top. The straps of my black bra peeked out the sleeves, but there wasn't much I could do.

I headed outside to look for Stacy.

He was in the barn. He said he needed to stack some smaller hay bales from the field in the barn. I was eager to help. I jumped into the passenger side of his truck before he was even in himself.

As he started the engine, the sound of "Hurt So Good" by John Mellencamp filled the air. I began to sing along and as I did he just chuckled and put his hand up to his chin. I was afraid I was becoming more of a novelty to him than a temptress, so I stopped singing.

"Why'd you stop?" he asked.

"Afraid I was getting on your nerves," I said. I was hoping this was the beginning of a good conversation.

"Nah." was his only reply. So much for conversation.

"Well," I thought, "at least I'll get some sun and a good workout."

The next hour or so, Stacy and I put all our efforts into loading his truck with hay. I was determined to show him what a work horse I was, even though I couldn't help but glance at his firm backside and even let my mind wander to what a girl might find beneath those faded Levi's. I, however, seemed to have no effect on him, even when I tucked my shirt into its neck, revealing my taut, bronze tummy. Nothing. 

We headed back into the truck and Stacy sped off for the barn. He pulled the truck into the barn and said, "Well, here we are, ready to unload. Thanks again for your help." Then, he walked straight back and began to work.

In silence, as was beginning to become our staple, we unloaded the bales into the barn. About halfway through the job, Stacy took a small cooler of water out of the back of his truck and handed it to me. "I always bring an extra," he said

"Thanks."

He sat down on the back of his truck and took his cooler out. He drank heartily and I tried not to stare as I saw some of the water drip down his chin and roll down his sweat glistening chest.

I took a drink of the cold water and smiled. It was always so good to have water after such hard work on the farm. It felt like I had finally come home again. I leaned my head back and poured a bit of the water onto my forehead, letting it run back into my hair. I looked up, hoping that Stacy had finally taken notice.

His reaction was, "Well, I guess we'd better get this finished."

We got quickly back to work. We took the bales off the truck and put them into the stacks in the barn. As I climbed off the truck with the next to last bale, I said, "Whew, almost the last of them." Giving me no reaction, he swiftly stepped past me and got the last bale. In my head, I wondered, "Damn, what does a girl have to do to get a reaction around here?" I looked up to see Stacy stepping off the back of the truck with the last bale. 

Before getting to the stack, he sat the bale down and took a seat on it. "Fuck!" he grunted.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

" I swore I wouldn't do this," he answered.

"What? What have you done?"

"Rachel, the other night when you came home, I was here."

"Yeah?" I asked, not getting the big deal.

"You know, the tire swing?"

He let the reality of that statement sink in. "Oh shit!" I said.

"Yes," he answered, "I couldn't help it. I watched the whole thing. I swore I'd never get myself mixed up with another woman but when I saw you put your fingers inside you, I couldn't help it. I watched you cum and then I came to the barn for a good cum myself."

He put his face into his hands. "Rachel, I've said I'm done with women. But, then you came and I watched you in that most intimate of moments. All day, all I've done is try to focus on anything but you, your smile, your breasts, your body. Needless to say, I've failed. I'm so sorry."

I stood up and put my hand on his shoulder. "Are you kidding?" I asked, "I've been trying to get your attention all day. Everything I've done today was trying to prod some sort of reaction out of you. I thought either he's dead or I'm not a bit sexy."

He suddenly stood up, "No!" he yelled. "Rachel, you're so, se….oh fuck it!"

He grabbed me by the waist and before I knew what happened, I was back flat on the hay with Stacy on top of me. His manly smell emanated from his body. He paused as if he was frozen.

I reached my hand around to the back of his head and gently moved his face toward mine. "It's okay, Stacy." Then I kissed him tenderly on the mouth, feeling his tender, plump lips envelop mine.

"Are you sure?" he asked.

"Fuck me Stacy!" I yelled maybe a bit too loudly. "For God's sake, what does a girl have to do to get laid around here?"

He giggled and then buried his face in my neck. He nibbled and kissed all around my neck and face. It was obvious it had been a while for him. The urgency gave him away. 

Like something in a good erotic story, he grasped the neck of my t-shirt and ripped it open. His hands rubbed along the edge of my black, silk bra looking for the opening. He found it around on my back and as he removed the garment, his lips trailed onto my nipple.

He took playful nibbles at each one, inspiring them to full attention. 

He pulled his t-shirt over his head revealing a tight, sweaty stomach. My hands traced the hair on his stomach down to the waist of his jeans. He stood above me, towering, and unbuttoned his jeans. At the same time he pulled down his boxer briefs to reveal a partially hardened 7 inch, cock. It was curved a bit to the right, and had a perfectly rounded head. 

He reached out his hand to help me to my feet, thinking that I would escape my pants as well. However, I couldn't resist the gift he'd presented me. After getting to my knees, I took his cock in my hand and began to caress his shaft. With the other hand, I cupped and fondled his balls. I looked up into his face and watched the dimples emerge as he smiled. I used my tongue to tease the tip of his dick and began to swirl my hand around his shaft. 

His head leaned back and while he wasn't looking, I took the entire length of his cock in my mouth. I let my tongue glide up and down the bottom, teasing the tip as he'd almost exit my lips. It was obvious it was good for him, as small gutteral grunts began to fill the air.

Suddenly, he pulled out and said, "Rachel, I need to have you now."

"Then take me Stacy."

From that moment, I lost all control.

He helped me up and out of my pants.

Then, without speaking, he picked me up. I wrapped my legs around him. I felt him lift my body with one arm. With the other hand, he reached down and directed his now fully hard shaft toward my waiting, wet hole.

He gently let my body ease down, entering me slowly yet fully. Completely upright, he began to ease my body up and down his shaft. My arms were around his neck and my head tilted back to take him fully inside. 

We were both sweating. Eventually, he began to thrust more quickly and my hands grasped his shoulders for balance. He was fully impaling me with every thrust. I could feel his body rub against my clit each time his hips met mine. I'd never known anything this raw and full of emotion.

I could feel my own orgasm building. At the same time, I could sense that he was close as well. The thrusts got faster and as I felt my pussy expel the juices that had so needed freeing, I felt his massive cock empty deep inside me. 

He fell gently to his knees and we landed in the hay, his body covering me. As I looked up, I saw tears in his eyes.

"Oh God, Rachel." was all he could say.

"It's okay Stacy. It's only the beginning." I smiled knowing I'd cum home again.

I haven't been as inspired to write lately, and suddenly this story appeared in my head. Hope you enjoy, Luv