 "Finally a weekend to myself," I sighed in relief reading the note my parents had left for me. It basically said that they were going out of town with my brother for the weekend to look at colleges. 

I checked the temperature on my phone and seeing it would be in the high 90's I decided I'd do a little sun bathing today. I ran up to my room and grabbed the burgundy bikini I reserved strictly for sun bathing days. I never wore it in public due to the fact that it was basically three tiny triangles that barely covered the necessities. It would be considered indecent in public, but in my own back yard while I was home alone it was perfect for sunbathing. I quickly changed and headed out back to the pool. I grabbed one of those floating lounge chairs and tossed it in the water and I dove into the icy water after it. I climbed up on it and stretched out as I laid back. I let the warm rays of sunshine warm my cooled flesh. After an hour or so my skin began to turn pink on my old tan and I frowned at the pronounced white lines from the straps of my bikini. I hated wearing strapless anything because of those two stupid white lines. I glanced at the fence surrounding the backyard trying to spot any peeping neighbors. Our fence was over six feet tall so after scanning the cracks between the boards I decided to just go with it. I pulled at the strings of my bikini top letting it fall free I tossed it towards the patio. It was exhilarating being so exposed I couldn't help but be a little turned on. 

"Looking good Lexie," a familiar voice chuckled. 

"Oh my god Jason!" I gasped covering my breasts with my hands. 

"Oh come on Lex, it's nothing I haven't seen before," he winked reminding me of the few drunken makeout sessions we shared. Jason was my brother's best friend, but he was also the quarter back of our high school and quite possibly the sexiest guy in school. 

He picked up my discarded bikini top and grinned as he twirled it around his finger. 

"I'm guessing your brother isn't here," he laughed. 

"No my parents and him went to check out some colleges for the weekend, now would you please toss me my top?"

"No I'm enjoying the view far too much, you'll have to come and get it."

"You are such a perve," I glared daggers at him as I slid off the floatie and into the icy water. I covered my breasts with one hand (well kind of anyway) and paddled towards the edge of the pool with the other. I sighed as I had to use both hands to pull myself out of the water. 

"Come on Lex don't be mad," Jace said reaching out and massaging my hip. 

"Don't be such a perve," I frowned trying to grab my top, but failing. To be honest I was extremely turned on, I felt very naughty, and very alive standing there my breasts barely covered as Jason fucked me with his eyes. 

"We both know you're turned on Lexie, I bet you're so wet right now," Jason smirked and playfully pulled on my bottom's string. 

"Oh what a few sloppy groping and makeout sessions and you think you're hot shit?" I rolled my eyes. 

"I know for a fact if your brother hadn't interrupted us each time my cock would've been buried deep inside you," he growled thrusting his hips against me. My top dropped from his hands as he placed them both on my hips. I didn't move to pick it up in my mind it was completely forgotten as Jason rubbed his jean clad hard on against my tender pussy covered in a thin scrap of fabric. 

"No one is hear to interrupt us now," I murmured biting my lip trying to hold back a moan.

"Damn Lexie don't tease me," Jason groaned roughly grabbing my ass.

"I think we could both use a cold shower," I teased and giggled at the dejected look on his face. 

"You can join me if you want," I winked sliding my fingers over his hard cock as I walked towards the house. I swayed my hips as I walked through the house towards the master bathroom. The shower was huge with a bench that was perfect for what I was planning. I pulled the strings of my bikini bottoms as we entered the bathroom letting the tiny piece of fabric fall away. I was fully exposed to Jason's wandering eyes. I stepped in the shower and turned the water on letting it cascade over my bare body. Jason quickly undressed and joined me. I shivered as I gazed upon his substantial length and size, I couldn't wait for him to fill my tight hole. 

"Lay down on the bench and spread your legs," Jason ordered me. I didn't hesitate to do as he asked. I heard a click as the shower head was detached and Jason stepped toward me the hot water spraying against my exposed slit. 

"Spread your lips with your fingers Lexie."

I spread open my lips my bundle of nerves exposed to the spray of the water. Jason turned the setting to pulsating and pressed it against my sensitive nub. 

I screamed in pleasure the vibrating sensation was almost too much. 

"Oh Jason, oh it feels incredible," I moaned as I played with my nipples. I pulled and pinched them making myself even wetter as he rubbed the shower head in circles. 

"I can't wait to ram this sweet little pussy," Jason said as he pushed three fingers into my hole. 

"Oh fuck me! Fuck me hard Jason I need your cock!" I screamed thrusting against his hand.

"That's it baby, tell me how bad you want it," Jason dropped the shower head and grabbed one my legs placing it on his shoulders. 

"Mmm fuck me Jason, you can take me however you want."

He slapped my pussy hard with his cock and rubbed the tip around my hole. Finally when I could hardly stand it anymore he thrust in inside me impaling me on his thick member. He moved his hips painfully slow making me scream in frustration. 

"Do you want me to fuck you hard Lexie? Do you want my huge cock pounding your tight hole?" he teased. 

"Yes! Yes! Jason fuck me hard make my pussy yours!" I yelled grabbing the end of the bench for support as he rammed me hard. He slapped my tits and pinched my nipples as he pulled out only to slam back inside stretching my hole. 

"Yeah baby you like that? You like those sexy tits slapped?" he said slapping my bouncing breasts even harder. 

"Ungh oh yes! I'm gonna cum Jason! Harder oh yeah oh Jason!" I moaned as he increased his speed. His balls slapped against my ass as he penetrated me deep. 

I screamed in ecstasy as my pussy squirted all over his cock as he continued to pound me. 

Jason pulled out of me with a pop spraying his cum on my lips and stomach. 

He leaned over and grabbed the shower head. He spread my lips and pressed the shower head against my clit again making me shudder. 

"Oh it's too much! Oh Jason!" I moaned the pleasure almost painful. 

"Mmm you said I could fuck you however I wanted Lex I'm just getting that sweet pussy ready for me again," he chuckled as I panted and bucked my hips. 

I came quickly and I came hard as he rubbed my tender clit. I was weak the multiple orgasms taking all of my energy. I was completely helpless as Jason flipped me over so my ass wiggled in the air and my erect nipples rubbed against the cool tile of the bench. 

"Damn Lex you have such a juicy hole," Jason said massaging my ass cheeks. 

"Beg me to fuck you again Lex, tell me how badly you want to be my dirty little slut," he growled slapping his hand hard on my hole. 

"Please Jason, I want to be your dirty girl, I'm ready please oh please Jason," I moaned.

He pushed inside me slowly, smacking my ass and grunting as he slowly picked up pace. 

My nipples scraped against the tile painfully with each thrust and I fucking loved it. 

I thrust my ass against Jason as he slammed into me causing his rod to sink into my hole deeper and harder. He grabbed a handful of my hair pulling hard as he fucked me. 

"You like it rough don't you, you dirty little slut," he rolled his hips and smacked my ass. 

"Oh baby just like that!" I panted. 

We came together moaning, Jason's hot seed filling my hole. 

We collapsed against the bench Jason's cock still deep inside me. 

"Mmm Lexie I'm going to fuck you so hard this weekend, when your parents get home you won't be able to walk," Jason promised.