 It is six thirty in the morning when I wake up. I smile to myself thinking about all the things I want to do since I finally have a morning all to myself. My husband will be working and kids are going to school. 

I get up and get everyone ready to go and since he is taking them to school and then heading for his job, I decide that first I am going to go enjoy a long hot shower. Today is a day that I want to pamper myself since it isn't very often that I have a day like this.

I set the water temperature in the shower to as hot as I can stand it and climb in. At first just standing there, enjoying the feel of the water beating down upon my shoulders and back. It seems like a thousand little heated fingers massaging my back all at one time and I feel my body relaxing under it. Reaching up I lay my head back under the flow of water and let the heat massage my scalp. Before reaching for my shampoo and using my fingers to work the shampoo deep into my scalp.

After rinsing out my hair, I soap up my bath sponge and begin to lather up my arms and chest, feeling the roughness of my sponge sliding over my breasts and scraping against my nipples, making them stiffen as if begging to be sucked. Deciding I would tease them later, I moved the sponge further down on to my belly, across the little hill that having kids has left me with and towards my near hairless pussy and avoiding it to move down my legs. Bending over and feeling the water spraying onto my ass as I wash my calves and feet.

I stand back up and turn to face the stream of water, letting it rinse me clean of the soap, watching my nipples bounce from the water beating down upon them. Then slide my sponge down my belly once again and over my mound, this time pushing it between my legs. Letting the roughness of the sponge caress my clit, feeling as it hardened for the touch of the sponge, my wetness mixing with the water flowing over my body.

I run the sponge back and forth over my erect clit a few times, finally discarding it to stroke myself with the fingers of one hand as I reach up to touch and tease my nipples with the other causing my breath to come in short pants.

Just as I am reaching near my peak, I hear the phone ringing in my bedroom. I consider letting it ring and just enjoying the pleasure I am giving to myself, but being the mom I decide it could be one of the kids sick or anything important. So I grab a towel and run into the bedroom wrapping it around me as I go.

"Hello?" I say breathlessly into the phone.

"Hi. Can I speak with Beth?" the nameless man said in greeting.

"I am afraid you have the wrong number. There is no one named Beth here", I say, annoyed at having my shower and play time interrupted by someone I don't know.

He says, "Sorry" and hangs up with out waiting for more from me leaving me holding my phone and thinking of all the feelings he had just interrupted.

I set the phone back down on the receiver, and go into the bathroom to turn off the water; thinking to myself how my shower was already messed up but it didn't mean my fun had to end. "Now I will just have to go get a toy to take care of this ache inside Me.", I say to myself. Knowing that a toy is more what I needed anyways. Something that could go deep inside myself to ease the needs I have causing my clit to throb with my every heartbeat.

I turn off the water and grab another towel to dry my hair with and head back into the bedroom. Walking towards my night stand that holds my toys. I open it and look inside trying to pick the one that I want to play with. Finding one that is about seven inches long and thicker than the others I smile as I think how this one should fill me up and take away the empty ache I have.

I lay it on the bed, so I can look at it and think of how good it is going to feel when buried deep inside my pussy as I begin to dry my hair with the extra towel. Bending over I also dry my legs. The towel wrapped around me not long enough to dry the water still trickling down the inside of my thighs since it only reaches to just below my pussy. 

I reach out for the toy and bring it up to nestle between my legs. Teasing my slit while still standing up. Feeling my pussy moisten and open for the intruder so close yet not entering me.

I let it tease me for a moment, and then turn to sit down on the bed before laying back with my head upon the pillows as if waiting for my lover to join me.

I jump quickly back into a sitting position and turn off my vibrating love when I hear the screen door open followed by a loud knock on the door. "Damn.", I say as I throw the vibe onto the bed in frustration. Then grumbling about my bad luck as I head to see who is interrupting my day of fun this time, forgetting the fact that my only clothing is a to short towel wrapped around my middle.

I yank open the door, just short of making some rude comment when I notice you standing on the other side of it. Guessing you to be about six foot tall and of muscular build, I take in the sight of strong arms in tight black tee shirt and jeans fitting nicely over strong hips. When my eyes moved towards your thighs bulging slightly in the crotch area. I quickly raised my eyes up to meet yours. 

Seeing as your eyes focused on where my towel ended just barely keeping my already aroused pussy from your probing gaze. 

Wanting to cover myself yet knowing I had already waited to late and would draw more attention if I did so, I politely said, "Can I help you?" Bringing your eyes back up to mine slowly as if you don't want to stop from studying what may be underneath.

"Well," you begin, "Your husband called yesterday and said that you needed someone to look at your dryer. I told him I would be here this morning first thing".

"Oh, he didn't tell me that you were coming today".

"Well, is it okay or do I need to try and come back later? Though I won't be able to for at least a few days".

"Uh, no. It's fine. I will show you the way." I reply. Seeing that my alone time is going to have to happen another day.

I lead you into the laundry room trying to explaining that when I turned on the dryer there was this loud high pitched squeal that it made. 

You said that you would need to hear it in order to know for sure what the problem may be. 

I once again forgetting that my towel is short reach up leaning over the dryer a little to set the time control and push the button to get the dryer started. 

When I am done I go to stand back up from my leaning over position and feel your pants upon the back of my legs. Only realizing the view I must have been giving you when I felt your cock pressed up against my ass.

"Yes, I hear the noise. Should have it fixed in a couple minutes.", I hear your deep voice saying near my ear as you reach down and open the door just enough to get it to stop spinning.

"Uh, Okay." I say on a whisper trying to figure out why you aren't letting me move so you can get on with your job.

Then, I feel your hands rest on my towel covered hips. Feel your fingers tighten upon me as you pull me back more firmly against your denim covered cock. 

You begin to move your hips around, teasing my towel into rising up higher over my ass as your fingers massage my hips helping the towel to rise. My earlier excitement from touching myself and now your caress upon me combining to make me tremble in need.


I feel you leaning down further over me kissing my neck just below my ear. A light teasing with your lips, the slight pinch of your teeth, and a gentle flick of your tongue before moving your mouth up to just beside my ear, as you whisper, "Want me to stop?"

"Uh, no. Yes." I say, my mind a mixed up mess of emotions and my body shaking with need.

"Well, which is it?" you ask a smile noticeable in your voice as your tongue begins to trace around my ear, your breath becoming in a soft caress on my ear as your hands begin to massage my hips again. Moving closer to my mound with every caress.

"Oh God, no. Don't stop." I say in a breathless moan as your fingers make contact with my mound just to each side of my slit.

With the words now said, allowing you to continue your mouth lowers onto my bare shoulder and I feel your teeth lightly sink into my flesh as your fingers begin to pull my towel up over my pussy. 

When the towel is up far enough for your fingers to touch my bared pussy, you say, "No hair?"

"No." I say wondering if it was good or bad in your opinion.

"Good I love a bald puss. I am going to have to eat it for you".

I feel my pussy grow even wetter with the promise I hear in your words.  

Finally, you lean up so you are standing up, allowing me to stand as well, the break in contact is short lived as I feel your fingers find the top of my towel and begin to gently pull on it. Forcing it to come undone where I had it tucked between my breasts. 

I feel it slowly sliding as if you are allowing me one last chance to change my mind and me knowing that I could not do so.

When the towel finally came loose, you set it over to the side onto the washing machine as I feel you take a step backwards to catch your first real look at my ass.

I feel your hand on my shoulder, urging me to turn before you. I do so slowly, letting you see the side view of my tits before completing my turn to give you the full frontal view of me.

When I am finally standing before you, I watch as your eyes caress my chest as if your hands were eyes. My nipples stiffening from your invisible caress. See your eyes lower down over my rounded tummy and pausing on my fully exposed pussy. Knowing that you can see the clit peeping out between my lower lips.

Once again I am trembling, this time not because of your touch but because I know your touch is coming. Time seemed to stop as I wondered where you were going to touch me and thinking that I had never wanted a touch so much as yours.

Suddenly, you reach out for me, as if starved for my body close to yours. Your lips lowering towards mine for your first taste of my lips. Lightly caressing me with your mouth upon mine before nudging your tongue into my parting lips. 

I am enjoying my first taste of your lips as you reach down hands griping just under my ass and lifting me so my feet come up off the floor, forcing my legs to part. For the comfort of us both I wrap my legs around your waist. Pressing my secret part onto your shaft. You never break contact with my lips.

I feel you take a step towards the washing machine and one arm leaves me. Wondering what you are doing I attempt to break the kiss, to see if you need help. You deepen the kiss not letting me stop it. 

Your other arm comes back and it helps you to set me down on the now spread out towel letting me know what you had been doing. 

As I sat down fully on the washer, you take your lips from mine, making me instantly wish they were still there. 

You reach up with your hands to my chest, and gently begin to massage my breasts. One hand on each, squeezing them and pushing them together, before lowering your mouth to slide your tongue up and down your created cleavage. I reach up with a hand to grip your head trying to force you to take a nipple into your mouth. 

Finally, you relent and take both nipples into your hot mouth, nipping with your teeth and then soothing away the ache with your tongue. First one nipple and then moving to the other. Each receiving the same treatment. Making me arch my back further forcing my chest further into your mouth.

Tired of teasing my chest with your mouth and teeth you slide your hands up my back to my shoulders, urging me to lay back a little as your tongue makes a wet trail down my stomach. Down to my belly button and dipping your tongue inside and then drawing tiny circles around it before continuing on your journey to my aching, wet pussy.

Running your tongue all over the mound avoiding my hardened clit, then forcing your tongue into just the top of my slit. Barely touching the upper most part of my clit and then flicking your tongue in and out from between my lips. Causing me to fall further into a prone position in the hopes that your tongue would make contact with my core sooner if I did.

You again take my body's hint and flick your tongue lightly over my clit before lowering your head further. Flattening your tongue against my dewy entrance and then sliding your tongue up the full length of my slit. Dragging the dew that is seeping from inside me up with your tongue.

With every stroke of your tongue over my clit I feel my body jerking up to meet you. Urging you deeper into me. 

You once more flick your tongue over my clit before you stop and stand in front of me. I watch as your hands reach to the bottom of your shirt and pull it up over your strong chest allowing me to see your furry chest for the first time.

Then your hands lower to the waist of your jeans. Reaching to unsnap them. I watch as your hands lower the zipper and then come up to slide them inside and lower them down over your hips. Watching as your cock springs into view.

Noticing that you had the nicest cock I had ever seen that wasn't a toy cock. Figuring that it was at least seven inches long and thick enough that it would be hard for me to get my small hands around. I want to try it out so I reach out with one small hand to test the fullness of your cock.

I take you firmly in my hand realizing I was right about the size of my hand around your cock. I am amazed at the fit of my hand around your cock and I watch as I begin to slide my hand up and down your long shaft as if a virgin seeing a cock for the first time.

Watching my hand as I stroke your cock feeling you in my hand responding to my touch. Seeing you grow firmer in my hand and watching as the first sign of your arousal begins to seep out of the head of your cock. 

I take my thumb and catch your wetness on the pad of it before smoothing it over the head of your cock causing more to appear. 

You finally having enough of my teasing fingers move yourself between my legs. I remove my hand and feel your hard shaft teasing my moist opening, seeking entrance. 

You lean forward to touch my lips with yours, your tongue thrusting into my mouth as your cock enters to my pussy. I take all of you inside me. The fur above your cock teasing my clit as you pause to let me adjust to your invasion. 

I feel my pussy stretched tight around your cock and need to feel you moving inside me. I begin trying to move against you. 

You begin to slowly pull your cock from my wet pussy and then drive yourself back into me as if not wanting to leave me for long before you begin to ease yourself from me again.

Over and over you make me feel every inch of your cock inside me. Slowly out and then driving back into me. 

As your pace begins to increase, you place the thumb of one hand right onto my hard nub causing my pussy to grip your cock as I fall over the edge in my orgasm.

The after shocks from my orgasm grasping your cock and pulling you deeper into me sending you over the edge with me. With your groan of lust I feel your hot cum bursting forth deep inside my belly. 

We stay with you inside me for a few minutes, each of us trying to regain our breathing until finally when all your firmness was gone nature demands that you be removed from me. 

You pull your pants back up from where they fell and give me a smile filled with devilish charm as you say, "I guess I need to get to work. Don't worry. I won't charge you by the hour this time."

I laugh as you help me down off the washing machine and prepare to begin your repairs.