 Pushing the front door of her flat open, Katie called out, "Hello!" There was no reply. With a sigh of relief, she shut the door behind her, kicked off her shoes, hung up her coat, and made her way to the bathroom. She turned on the shower and, after giving her teeth a perfunctory brush, began to strip off. Her top still clung uncomfortably to her cum-coated breasts and, while she had thoroughly enjoyed the events of earlier in the evening that had resulted in a complete stranger firing his load over her large, firm mounds, Katie was relieved to be free of her top that had been sticking to her skin ever since. 

Katie felt no guilt about what had happened earlier; that rough, drunken fuck with a total stranger in a darkened doorway in a secluded alley, but at the same time, she was glad the flat was empty and she didn't have to explain to her boyfriend, Dan, why she needed a shower so urgently. With a smile as, once again, images of the stranger's cock pounding her pussy and arse and erupting all over her breasts filled her mind, Katie climbed happily into the shower.

The hot jet of the shower felt like a thousand fingers massaging Katie's skin. Without any conscious thought, her hands slid over her breasts, washing away the stranger's dried on cum. Her mind immediately filled again with images from earlier that evening.

As Katie's hands continued to stroke and caress her breasts the images became increasingly vivid. She saw herself on her knees before him, his long, thick cock between her lips as her mouth slid up and down its length. The scene changed and this time he was behind her, his cock buried deep inside her arse, pounding hard, getting ready to cum.

Without even realising it, Katie's left hand had found her pussy. Sliding two fingers inside, her thumb gently massaged her clit. Her other hand still caressed her breasts, massaging the rich suds into her skin while in her mind the stranger's cock erupted, sending his load of hot sticky cum over them. 

Katie began to moan as her imagination and sensations from her clit gripped her. She drove her fingers deep into her pussy and began to pump them in and out. She leaned against the wall to steady herself as her passion rose. "Ohhh, mmm, ahhh," she moaned as she pinched her nipples with the fingers of her right hand, the fingers of her left hand twisting inside her. 

With her body on fire, Katie rubbed at her clit with her thumb. Her womb began to contract and she cried out as her climax rose up to claim her. Her body trembled so violently she had to grab the towel ring to stop herself from falling. "Oh yesss!" she cried as she gave herself up to her pleasure. Breathing hard, she let her fingers slip out of her pussy. She used both hands to massage her breasts, rubbing them and squeezing them together as she rolled her nipples with her thumbs.

Katie savoured the moment as her climax subsided. Finally, with a contented sigh, she turned the water off, stepped out of the shower and wrapped herself in a large towel.

She dried herself quickly and made her way through to the bedroom to pick up her fleecy dressing gown. Donning it quickly, she walked back through to the living room, switched on the TV and settled herself on the sofa, flicking idly through the channels. 

She must have dozed off as she was wakened with a start as she heard the front door close loudly. "I'm home! Anyone in?" came Dan's voice from the hall.

"Yeah, I'm in here," Katie replied a little drowsily.

Dan stuck his head round the door and smiled. "Good night?" he asked. His speech was a little slurred, Katie noticed.

"Yeah, great," she replied, "You?"

"Yeah, it wasn't bad," he replied in his usually understated way. "I'm just going to grab a quick shower and then I'll be with you. Don't go away," he added giving her a suggestive wink.

Katie briefly wondered if her boyfriend was having a shower for the same reason that she had. She shook her head. It was unlikely, he was probably just freshening himself up for her in that considerate way of his. Not, she realised, that it would have bothered her if he had had a little fun while out. After all, she could hardly have blamed him given the rough fucking she had received from a total stranger just a couple of hours ago. The memory of that encounter made Katie smile.

Dan returned from the shower a few minutes later. "So," he said, pausing to kiss her firmly on the lips, "what mischief did my little minx get up to tonight?"

Katie laughed. She often made up imaginary exploits, or provided lurid accounts of her encounters with previous partners. Whether her stories were pure fantasy or based on reality, Dan loved to hear them and they invariably ended in her receiving a bloody good seeing-to. Tonight's 'story' would require no imagination on Katie's part.

"Well, let me see..." she drawled, "There was this guy..."

She proceeded to tell him the 'story' of her encounter that evening in full detail.

"Did you like his cock?" Dan asked at one point.

"Oh fuck yes!!" Katie replied, "It was nice and long and thick, almost as big as yours." That much was true, the stranger's cock had been about the same size as her boyfriend's, it was the unfamiliarity of it that that had made the experience so enjoyable.

"And did he enjoy fucking you?" he asked, his dressing gown now open and his cock visibly straining.

"Oh yes, I was the best fuck he'd ever had,"

As Katie reached the point in her narrative where the stranger shot his load over her breasts, Dan reached out and grabbed the back of her head, gently but firmly. "I think you enjoyed yourself a little too much," he said, feigning menace. "I think it's time you remembered just who's cock you're meant to pay attention to..." 

Katie smiled to herself as she let herself be moved so that her face was in his lap. She reached out and circled his bulging cock with her fingers and ran a trail of light kisses along his shaft. Her boyfriend's cock, fresh from the shower, tasted so much cleaner than that of the stranger; it felt so much more familiar. Katie smiled. Even with her eyes closed, she reckoned she could identify Dan's cock. She knew every inch of its surface, every bump and every vein, the contours of its head, its length and thickness. Yes, she had enjoyed the stranger's cock tonight, as she had enjoyed many other cocks in her life, but Dan's was the one she craved and wanted more than any other. It was the one that filled her and stretched her and satisfied her in ways that no other did.

Dan gasped as Katie ran her tongue up and down his shaft, swirling her tongue around the head and flicking the slit at its tip. "You like it when I suck your cock, don't you?" she purred, looking up at him and holding his gaze with her grey eyes, stroking his shaft lightly with her fingers.

"Fuck yes! You know I love it!" Dan groaned.

Giving his smooth balls a gentle squeeze, Katie wrapped her lips around the swollen head of his cock and drew him slowly into her mouth. She began to work her lips up and down, slowly at first, pausing at the top of each movement to tease the head with her tongue. Pre-cum already oozed from the slit and she savoured its rich salty taste on her tongue.

Without warning, Dan grabbed a handful of Katie's hair and began to thrust his cock into her mouth, forcing her head down on to his cock. "Did he fuck your mouth like this?" he demanded, "Was he rough like this?"

Katie spluttered as the head of her boyfriend's cock drove deep into the back of her throat. Tears welled up in her eyes as Dan fucked her mouth mercilessly. As she sucked and gagged on Dan's cock, she felt her pussy respond. Reaching down between her legs, Katie began to play with her clit as Dan continued to abuse her mouth.

Her clit throbbed beneath her fingertips. Reaching further back, Katie slid two fingers into her pussy and began to pump them slowly in and out, pressing her clit with her thumb.

"I... I'm going t... to fill your mouth w... with cum!" she heard Dan gasp distantly, lost in the sensations she was experiencing. Dan's cock pulsed in her mouth. She could feel the head swell even more as his climax approached. In her mind's eye she could see it turning a deeper angry purple as the end approached.

Dan let his hand fall from Katie's hair, allowing her to ready herself for his impending eruption. With the fingers of one hand still working on her pussy, she stroked Dan's shaft with her free hand. His cock jerked and twitched, his breathing was laboured, Katie could feel his tension rise. "I... I... I'm... uuuggghhhh!!!" he groaned as he let go, flooding Katie's mouth with his load. Pressing her thumb firmly against her clit and driving her fingers deep into her pussy, Katie came too as she swallowed his load hungrily.

Dan came in torrents, filling Katie's mouth again and again. She swallowed rapidly but couldn't stop a small trickle escaping from the corner of her mouth and dribbling down her chin. As her body shook, she let her fingers slide from her pussy and raised them to Dan's mouth. "Fuck you taste good," he said as he licked her juices from their surface.

"Mmmm, so do you," Katie replied contentedly before returning to the task of draining the last drops of cum from her boyfriend's cock.

"In fact," Dan continued, "you taste so good, I want some more of that."

"Happy to oblige," Katie replied, smiling.

Dan climbed down off the sofa and knelt in front of her. Katie slid forward and spread her legs. As Dan moved into position between them, Katie hooked her legs over her shoulders. 

He slowly slid a finger into her. Katie squirmed in response. Dan slid another in and began to pump them in and out, twisting them around inside her pussy. As he moved his head closer, she could feel his breath hot against her inflamed labia. She closed her eyes, feeling the anticipation climb as she waited for the first touch of his tongue.

"Ohhh! Ohhhh fuck!" she gasped as the tip of Dan's tongue flicked over her clit. Lightening bolts shot through her body in response to his touch.

Her orgasm quickly reignited. Katie grabbed Dan's head, pulling him towards her, increasing the pressure of his tongue on her clit.

"Oh! Oh Dan!" she cried, "That feels sooooo good!"

Dan lashed Katie's clit with his tongue, driving his fingers deep inside her pussy. Katie's hips bucked as the waves of her climax surged through her body. "Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Ohfuckfuckfuck!" she whimpered as she surrendered herself to the intense sensations.

Sensing that Katie could take no more, Dan slid his fingers from his girlfriend's pussy and began to kiss his way up her body. Katie grabbed his hand and raised his fingers to her lips. As Dan kissed his way up over her flat stomach towards her large breasts, she took his fingers into her mouth and began to lick them clean, savouring the taste of her juices.

Dan's mouth moved to Katie's breasts. His tongue licked over their surface, coating them with a warm film of saliva. Every now and then he would reach between her legs, coating his fingers with her juices before reaching back up to smear her essence over her nipples and then lick them clean.

"Oh fuck! That's so good. It feels so fucking dirty!" Katie moaned softly as Dan anointed then licked her nipples clean again and again.

Despite the intensity of her recent climax, Katie was desperate to feel her boyfriend's cock inside her. She reached down, searching for his cock. It was still limp from its recent eruption but it responded to her touch. As Dan feasted on her breasts, Katie began to stroke and caress his cock, feeling it slowly stiffen.

"I think you need some help with this," she purred seductively, pushing him away with her free hand while stroking his cock with the other. She slid off the sofa and knelt in front of him. Holding his cock up, she ran her tongue along its surface, cupping and squeezing his balls at the same time.

"You're not trying to get me hard again, are you?" Dan asked with an air of mock exasperation.

"Of course I am," Katie replied, "What a silly thing to ask. Why else would I be about to suck your cock?"

"Because you're an insatiable little slut who loves to suck my cock, maybe?"

Katie laughed. "Well, that's true," she admitted, "But there are other reasons too..."

"Oh, such as?"

"Well, let's see, I want to get you nice and hard so you can stick that lovely big cock of yours, the one I love sucking so much, in me and fuck me until I can't walk straight."

"Oh. I see. Well, I guess I could manage that," Dan said with aplomb.

"Oh good. I'm so glad," Katie replied in a droll tone, "Now, do you want me to suck your cock or not?"

Dan laughed. "Don't mind me, I'm just waiting for you to get started. Why don't you stop talking about it and use your mouth for something more constructive like showing me what a fantastically cock-hungry slut I have for a girlfriend?"

"Bastard!" Katie replied, "If I didn't need fucking so badly, I'd make you go without for that..."

Dan laughed. "But you do need fucking and you don't want to be deprived, so you might want to get on with it," he teased.

"OK, you win," Katie replied in mock submission before opening her mouth and sucking the head of his cock between her lips.

It didn't take long for Katie's efforts to be rewarded. Dan's cock quickly stiffened as she slid her lips up and down his shaft. Dan murmured his appreciation as his girlfriend quickly and skilfully sucked his cock back to full hardness.

"I was enjoying that!" Dan complained when Katie let his cock slip from her mouth.

"I know you were," Katie teased, "But I'm sure you'll enjoy my pussy just as much, if not more."

With that, she turned round and leaned against the sofa. Supporting her upper body on the cushions, she looked back over her shoulder and wiggled her bum suggestively. "Well, don't just stand there looking. My pussy isn't going to fuck itself!"

Dan laughed. 

"Get down here, get behind me, stick that lovely big cock of yours in my cunt and give me a good hard fucking!" she demanded. Reaching back between her legs, she parted her wet lower lips with her fingers. "I want your cock in here," she said, dipping one fingertip into her pussy by way of illustration, "And I want it in here now!"

Dan moved closer. Instead of immediately complying with his girlfriend's urgent demands, he slowly worked the head of his cock back and forth along her slit, occasionally teasing her clit. "Fuck me, damn you! Fuck me!" Katie complained, "I don't need teasing, I need fucking!" She reached back and grabbed his cock. Moving her hips, she guided his cock into place, positioning the head against her opening. "Put it in there!" she demanded, "Stick your cock deep in there and fuck me hard!"

With a single thrust, Dan did what Katie demanded of him. "Oh fuck yesssss!" Katie moaned as he drove his cock deep into her pussy. 

"Harder!" Katie moaned as her boyfriend began pounding her pussy, "Fuck me harder!" Dan increased his pace, driving his cock into her with long, powerful strokes. "Mmmm, that feels good," Katie purred, "I love the way your cock fills me."

Dan gripped Katie's hips, pulling her on to him as worked his cock in and out. Katie became increasingly vocal, moaning obscenities as he fucked her.

She began to play with her breasts; squeezing her nipples as Dan's cock plunged into her pussy, his thighs slapping against her buttocks with every stroke.

"Oh... Oh God Dan, I'm going to cum again," she moaned as a familiar tingling sensation began to spread through her body.

"You're an insatiable little slut, aren't you?" Dan taunted, stabbing his cock into her even more powerfully.

"Uh... Ah... Yesssss... Yes I am!" Katie all but sobbed as the pressure for release grew with every thrust of his cock.

"What, are you?" Dan demanded, slapping one hand down hard on her arse.

"I... Uh... I... I'm an ah... Insatiable little slut!"

"Yes... You... Are!" Dan responded, punctuating each word with a firm slap.

Tears stung in Katie's eyes. Her body shook as her climax gripped her. "Don't stop!" she cried, "Don't stop fucking me, Dan!"

Laughing, Dan slapped his girlfriend's bum again, then suddenly pulled out.

"Nooooo," Katie sobbed, her pussy suddenly empty, "Keep fucking me! Please keep fucking me!"

"Oh, I'm going to keep fucking you all right," he replied, "But now I'm going to fuck your slutty little arse. You like it when I fuck your arse, don't you you horny little slut?"

"Yes!" came the reply. 

"Do you want my cock in your arse?" he asked. 

"Oh God yes!" replied Katie, "Stick your cock up my arse. Fuck me there please." 

"You want it up the arse?" 

"Yes, damn you! Fuck my arse! Please fuck my arse!!" 

Slowly he began to press the head of his well lubricated cock against her other entrance. Katie began to push her hips back. She felt the tip of his cock push past the resistance of her anus as it began to slip into her bowels. "Mmm, yes, fuck me!" she sighed, "Fuck my arse and fuck it hard!" 

Dan jabbed his cock deep into Katie's arse. Her hips moved back to meet each thrust. He quicly increased his pace, stabbing his cock into her back-passage. There was no tenderness about the way he fucked her and Katie relished the sensations as Dan's cock roughly pounded her arsehole. She moaned as her boyfriend's balls slapped against her enflamed labia. With one hand she rubbed her clit, occasionally dipping a finger into her pussy as Dan's cock stroked in and out of her back passage. She felt her knees weaken as another orgasm began to build within her. 

Her body shook, she thrust her hips back, taking Dan's cock deep into her rectum. "Oh God! Oh God! Oh Dan! Oooooh!" she cried as her climax engulfed her. 

As his girlfriend came, Dan felt his own climax approaching. He drove his cock deep into Katie's back-passage with increasing force as the tension mounted.

"Oh fuck!" Katie moaned, lost in the throes of her orgasm, "Fuck me, Dan! Fuck me! Fuck me and cum in my arse!" 

Breathing hard, Dan gripped Katie's hips as he fucked her with long, hard strokes. As he pounded his girlfriend's arsehole, she encouraged him with a stream of moaned obscenities . "I... I can't hold on!" he groaned as the pressure for release became unbearable.

'Yes, Dan, yes!" Katie cried. "Cum in my arse! Cum in my fucking arse!"

Katie's words provided the trigger for his relase. With a final lunge, Dan drove his cock into her, pulling her hips back as he unleashed his load deep into her bowels.

'Yesssssss!" Katie breathed as Dan's cock pulsed and throbbed in her back-passage, releasing his cum inside her.

Dan withdrew and slumped to the floor. Katie sank down beside him, snuggling up and resting her head on his shoulder, feeling his heart pound in his chest. 

As her boyfriend's cum began to dribble from her tender arsehole, Katie reflected on the evening she'd had. First her encounter with the stranger at the pub and then the thorough fucking she had just recieved from Dan. She yawned contentedly.

"Tired?" Dan asked.

"Hmm, yeah, a bit," Katie replied, "It's been quite an evening. Do you think you could carry me through to bed? I'm not sure I can walk after that."

Dan sighed. "Give me a few minutes to get my strength back then."

Katie kissed him passionately. "Of course," she purred contentedly.