 This story is actually true. I wrote it in third person just for fun. Please enjoy and let me know what you think! - jack

* * * * *

Jack sat in his easy chair, cruising the Internet, while his wife read herself to sleep. It was 9:30pm and much too early for Jack to head to bed. He wasn't tired because the previous day found them travelling down the east coast in crazy weather and crazier traffic. She slept normal hours during their travel while he juiced up with coffee. The coffee he had this morning to counteract his weariness from the day before caused his biological clock to be off by at least 3 hours. 

He looked at her face; the mild lines and slight wrinkles reminded him of the wondrous years they had spent together. Her face frowned as she leaned over her pillow, closed her eyes and fell fast asleep. 

When they had arrived home the night before, there was a ton of mail stored up from their trip plus a box was waiting for them. Though it was non-descript, Jack hid the box from the kids, as he knew that it was the replacement vibrators he had ordered the previous week. As he sat now, looking at how gently the fabric on the bedspread covered her shoulder and bosom, he thought of her reaction the night before. They had put all the suitcases away and tucked the children into their beds. Jack brought out the box and announced to K that he had purchased two replacement vibes for the one they had broken the previous week. 

"Why two?" she asked. 

"Because I couldn't get the exact same one and wasn't completely sure of the size" he replied. 

He opened the box to find the vibrators. They had interesting names and a picture of an insatiable woman on the cover. The green one was 7 inches long, made of a flesh like rubber, spun in a spiral toward the base where a small wire extended to a small speed control box. Jack didn't realize there was a wire involved and he knew K didn't like wires. 

He quickly opened the other box. This vibe was purple and 8 inches long. Jack's disappointment showed on his face when he realized how long and thick this vibe was. Their old vibe was perfect, soft enough material to be inserted without pain and thin enough for her clit to feel the vibes through the plastic material. The old one was about the same thickness as Jack's own cock. 

Clearly the new one was 3 times as thick and though it looked like a cock with a helmet head and thick veins, it was just too big to be a real cock. Jack felt it with his hand, the material was a soft jelly-like material, but he also noticed that his hand didn't wrap all the way around it. 

K looked at it in his hand and gave a nervous laugh. 

Jack looked at the two vibes and said "Maybe I'll order another and get it right this time" 

She smiled "Ok, that would be fine. Though, it is a shame to throw these out." 

Jack had put the batteries in them and placed them in the nightstand beside the bed. They both then fell fast asleep, tired from the long day of driving. Now, Jack looked at his laptop screen. There were various vibrators and it was difficult to determine the right size. K rolled over in the bed facing away from him. He got up and turned out the light so it would not bother her as she slept. Returning to his chair, he realized how hard his cock was from looking at the various vibes. He decided it was impossible to make a choice without K looking over his shoulder to pick it out. 

He changed web sites and opened up a new web browser. One browser was on his favorite voyeur site where women and men contribute nude pictures. It was a nice site that showed R+ rated submissions. Jack liked it because it was real people and not models or strippers. He especially liked it because it could be the woman next door or down the street. While the images loaded, he switched to Literotica.com. The stories were similar to Penthouse letters, but like the voyeur site, tended to be written by real people. Unfortunately, in the story site, everybody seemed to have a 10-inch cock and a perfect body!! 

He laughed at that and continued to read. Jack switched back and forth between sites, reading the story while the pictures loaded. The story he picked was about a young man gifted with a large thick cock (yes, at least 10 inches!) and how a 40-year-old housewife had him doing chores around the house and all the while wanting and desiring his thick cock. Finally, she showed him her breasts and made him lick her soaked pussy. Jack's cock got harder as he read and viewed the naked women on line. He finished the story and felt his cock. No, it wasn't 10 inches, it was 6 inches and it wasn't all that thick, but his wife sure liked what he did with it. 

Jack did not feel inadequate because of his size, he felt normal. Jack turned off his computer and thought of an old math joke. "Why are women bad at math? Because men keep show them 6 inches and telling them it is 10 inches!" 

He quietly went into the bathroom and stripped down naked. His cock stood at attention staring back at him through the mirror. He stroked it and rubbed the head. It felt nice. He climbed into the bed next to the sleeping K. She slept soundly on her side. He wrapped his arm around her and comfortably put his hand on her ample tit. Her nipple was aroused and thick as he continued to rub it through the fabric of her T-shirt. As his hand moved down her waist and to her hip, he kissed her neck and licked her ear. He fully expected to be rejected at this point. Normally, he would get an elbow to his ribs or she would roll away from him with a comment such as 'later' or 'I need sleep'. 

He was not rejected. She lay there and moaned slightly as he continued to lick her ear. His hand found the bottom of her t-shirt and lifted it up to feel her hip, ass and thighs. Jack stroked her ass through her panties back and forth feeling the crack of her ass flex as his hand passed over it. Jack smiled as she again moaned, but she rotated her hips away from him. He was happy when he realized that she had parted her thighs for his access. 

Jack stroked her thighs and eventually moved his fingers to the warmth between her legs. Her hips began to rhythmically move to the beat his hand set as he pushed further and harder against her pussy. Her thighs parted more and he gained greater access to her pussy lips, rubbing them through her panties, soaking the crotch. Her hips continued to push back on his hand and the wetness soaked through to his fingers. Her ass pointed up into the air giving him maximum access to her slit, but the panties were still in the way. 

Jack licked the juice from his fingers and removed K's panties. Her eyes were still closed as she rolled over on her back. Her hand found its way to jack's cock and began stroking him to the same rhythm as his fingers used on her pussy. He parted her pussy lips and felt the juices run down her crack. She parted her legs more and used her free hand to push his fingers into her slit. 

He stroked her pussy lips back and forth rubbing K's plentiful juice up onto her clit. She groaned again and Jack almost shot his load onto her belly. His fingers increased their tempo on her clit and she guided him with her hand and her hips. Jack loved the sight in the soft light in front of him as her big tits wobbled and then she stopped and shook all over. A tiny cry escaped her lips as a climax wave passed through her. Jack slowed his stroking of her clit and pushed two fingers into her slit. 

"You're soooo wet" he purred softly into her ear. 

He leaned away and opened the nightstand and looked at the two vibes. Jack pulled out the long, fat, purple one and decided to see how willing K might be. K lay there, her hips still moving, her eyes still gently shut. Jack turned on the vibe and the sound made her smile. 

He placed the vibe along her slit and moved it up and down against her wet pussy lips occasionally bringing the gentle vibrations against her enlarged clit. She smiled and her hand joined Jack's on the thick cushiony jelly vibe. Together, they worked the vibe along her wetness and she climaxed two more times. The second climax was very close to the first. 

Jack knelt next to her, his cock resting on her belly. As her hips moved with the thrusting of the vibe along her slit, her belly rubbed the underside of his cock. Jack moved his hand along the jelly shaft with its thick veins, down to the head. He then moved his fingers into her pussy and plunged them in and out. 

"Ohhhh yes" she whispered. 

He took the head of the vibe and angled it toward her gaping slit. The vibe she was scared of was now poised at her drenched slit. He thought for sure that she would reject this advance. He watched in amazement as she helped him slide the head into her pussy. Her eyes still closed, a big smile came across her face as the head spread her pussy lips farther and farther apart.

"Ohhh god" and this time she said it without whispering. She pulled it back out a bit and Jack thought that would be it. Then she pushed the head back in and a little delay worked more of it in. 

She pulled it out again and rubbed the head all around her pussy lips soaking it more. K waited a moment and calmly pushed it further in. Jack kept his hand on the vibe sharing the in and out motion. He felt her pubic hair touching his fingers as he gripped the vibe with her.

Her teeth gritted tight and her grip on the vibe intensified. She forced the vibe even deeper still. K turned the vibrate controller on high and she shook and quaked and closed her eyes tight. Her big tits wobbled and her nipples extended and looked extremely suck able. K's thighs quivered as another climax rushed over her entire body.

Her voice was high pitched as she said "Ohh my god, please ... again!" and she let out a great gasp of breath. 

Jack was very happy to comply. He loved to watch her climax. She removed her hand and let him fuck her with it. K kept her eyes closed and spread her legs wide apart. Her gaping slash awaited the massive intruder. Jack slowly drove the purple vibe deep inside K and she groaned with each and every insertion. 

Jack's cock rubbing against her belly pulsated and spread gooey pre-cum over her milky white skin. K's ass lifted off the bed as he jammed the vibe to it's deepest possibility within her hot cunt. 

She screamed, "oh fuck, this feels sooo fucking good!" as another earth shattering climax ripped through her. Her toes curled and locked as she lifted her ass off the bed and slammed it back down. Jack's fingers were covered with her cum. 

So excited at the erotic scene before him, he felt his climax welling up from his toes up his ass and shooting through his cock. His cum drained across her tits and then down her belly and mingled in her tangled pubic hair. They both collapsed and lay there for a period of time neither could count. 

Jack took the vibe out of K's pussy and looked down at his satisfied wife. His cum layered across her body leaving a 2 foot streak of cream. Her pussy was open and the lips were swollen, but peace was all over her face. Jack thought that maybe this vibrator would work after all.