 Home for the Holidays.

By Paul C.

Copyright 2002.

For Laurie.

"I hate these fucking long haul flights." Laurie said, squeezing Frankie's thigh underneath the meal tray she had in front of her. "I could kill for a cigarette."

She felt the muscle in Frankie's thigh twitch at her touch and let her hand rest where it was.

She looked at her friend. Frankie had certainly filled out in the year they had spent rooming together at University in Texas. She was no longer the string bean she had been when they had first met. Her tits were certainly fuller. Her nipples large and inviting. They certainly had been the night before. Laurie smiled at the thought of Frankie's thighs tight around her head as she had cum. How she had held her in place as she had come down and, using the juices from her pussy as lubricant had pushed her finger into her rectum. A second finger had followed and she had had to lick her clit again to prevent her crying out.

Her smile broadened as she pictured herself straddling Frankie's head and lowering her holes to her mouth. She had certainly lost any reluctance she had had in the beginning to explore her with her tongue. Laurie could feel her own juices starting to flow. She moved her had closer to the top of Frankie's thighs. Frankie gave a sigh and opened her legs wider. Laurie could feel the warmth from her pussy and thought for a moment she could smell her as well. 

Laurie ran her finger down beside the seam in Frankie's white jeans. She heard a low gasp escape from Frankie's lips. She felt the material and then the flesh beneath it gives slightly to her touch. She ran her finger back up towards where the seams of the jeans joined in a cross beneath her zip as if to offer the maximum protection to her clit. 

Frankie shifted in her seat and Laurie looked around. Positioned where they were at the rear of the cabin only the people in the last row of seats opposite could see what they were doing if they looked. They were a young couple. A little older then her and Frankie's twenty years. They both appeared to be asleep. The cabin-crew were busy at the front of the cabin.

Laurie thought for a moment of taking Frankie into the toilets behind the curtains behind their seats but she was comfortable where she was. The meal had been good and they had drunk a small bottle of wine each. She didn't want to move but Frankie felt so warm beside her. 

She moved her fingers to the button on Frankie's jeans and undid it with a deft flick of her fingers. Her fingers found the fastener on her zip and she slowly pulled it down. She looked down at Frankie's lap seeing her white panties appear in the opening of her jeans. She placed her hand on top of them and squeezed her pubic mound. 

Frankie sighed and Laurie dragged her eyes from her panties and looked at her face. Her head was half turned away and she held the knuckle of one of her fingers between her teeth. Her cheeks were flushed and she could hear her breathing deepen and quicken.

Laurie squeezed her pubic mound again. Frankie sighed.

Her panties sprang up as Laurie moved her hand to their waistband. She would have to shave her again. She couldn't understand why she wanted any hairs down there at all. It must be because she was English. Laurie liked to keep her own pussy hairless. Much cooler in the hot Texas summer.

She wondered what England would be like in summer. She had heard that it was always raining and the first time she had seen Frankie's skin next to her own she had been amazed by it's whiteness. It wasn't white now. Weekends spent at the beach teaching her how to surf had left her with a deep tan. Not as dark as her own but nice to see and feel. Talking of feeling. 

Laurie moved her hand beneath the waistband of Frankie's panties and lifted it away from her body. She could see the light covering of hairs that pointed the way to her slit and let her finger trace a path through them. She felt Frankie stiffen as her finger brushed the cover to her clit. She rubbed it harder, feeling the hard pea beneath it. Frankie lifted her ass cheeks from the seat pushed her pussy against her finger. 

Laurie looked around herself again. The couple opposite were still asleep.

She moved her hand down between Frankie's thighs feeling the lips of her pussy, hot and wet. She wormed her finger between them and inside her. 

"Oh."

It was the nearest thing to a word either of them had spoken in ten minutes.

Laurie moved her finger in and out then removed it completely to what sounded like a moan of disappointment from Frankie. The moan was replaced by a gasp as Laurie lifted the flap of skin that covered Frankie's clit and examined it with the tip of her finger. She pushed it from side to side then described a circular motion across its top. Both of Frankie's thighs were twitching, lifting her ass cheeks from her seat. The air was suddenly heavy with the scent of woman. She rubbed faster feeling Frankie tense her body by her side. Faster still. Frankie gasped then her body relaxed.

Laurie felt Frankie's hand upon her wrist and allowed her to remove her hand from inside her panties. She looked at her friend and smiled. Frankie took a deep breath and smiled back.

Laurie shifted in her seat. Her own clit was in need of some attention. She looked around. The couple opposite were still asleep. The cabin staff were moving down the plane collecting the meal trays. Frankie had her eyes closed, a big smile on her face.

Laurie raised the outside armrest and squeezed out from beneath her meal table. She stretched and ran her hands down the sides of her blouse. She could feel the hard muscles beneath it. She had a better six-pack than a lot of the boys she had been with. Not that that sort of thing bothered her since she had started being fucked by Paul. Here was she twenty and he fifty-two. She hoped to get some time alone with him this summer. Or Jenny. Or both. Now that would be fun.

She slipped behind the curtain that covered the doors to the toilets and opened the first one. She felt the curtain move behind her as she stepped into the cubical. She felt somebody's breath against her neck. Two hands reached around her and cupped her bra-less breasts through her blouse. Her first thought that it was Frankie changes as she felt a hard cock pressing against her ass cheeks.

"I saw what you were doing." I male voice whispered into her ear. 

One hand left her breast and she heard the lock turn on the door. She could feel her nipples hardening as the man's hands massaged both her breasts. She felt his tongue licking her ear. Her blouse was pulled from the waistband of her light blue jeans and his hands moved beneath it to continue their examination. She breathed in deeply and released it with a sigh. Fingers were on the button of her jeans, then the zip pulling it down. His fingers were inside her panties pushing them down. She wanted to turn to face him but he was holding her in place with a hand on either hip. She could feel his cock through his trousers as her ground himself against her naked ass cheeks. 

He moved back away from her. She heard the rustle of his clothing then felt the head of his cock hard against the crack of her ass. His hand was on her waist, his other on her back, pushing her forward, bending her. His cock still hard against her ass cheeks, then against her anus as she lifted one foot from her jeans and panties and placed it on the seat of the toilet. He was pushing it against it. She could feel her ass-hole open. Then he moved his cock, sliding it forward, guiding it with his fingers to her waiting pussy. He spread her lips with two fingers and pushed his cock hard against her slit. She felt it going in. It hurt. He pulled back and pushed again. It was easier this time. It was opening her, filling her. He pulled back and pushed again entering her completely. Laurie reached down for her own clit and started to rub it in time to his thrusts in and out of her pussy. She squeezed him tight with the muscles of her pussy as he went in and released him as he pulled back. She felt him quicken. Her own pressure was mounting. He was panting and grunting. She was going to come. He was jerking inside her. She could feel his cum hitting the walls of her pussy. He was still moving. She rubbed faster. His cock was still hard. Still inside her. She was there. He was still moving. He was coming again. She felt her legs go weak as he pulled his cocks from her hole and sat down upon the closed lid of the toilet seat.

"Paul said you would be on this plane." The man said standing in front of her and rubbing the tip of his juice and cum covered cock against her cheeks and lips.

"What." Laurie replied, opening her mouth just long enough for him to lean forward and push his cock into it.

"Shush." He spoke softly. "My name is Richard. My father, Steve, is Paul's partner."