 I have had such a long day at work, I had been thinking about you all day. It was one of those days when nothing seems to be going right. I have been thinking of how much I love you and enjoy spending every minute with you. 

We have been dating for over a year now and our sex life is good only a few dry spells hear and there. We are always there for one another when we have had bad day. Today has been one of them. Plus before I left this morning while we were still lying in bed you began to rub my cock and tell me how much you wanted me, but as luck would have it I had already over slept and could not be late for work again. Well the day is finally over and I am heading home to you. I decided to call it a day early and can't wait to see you. 

As I open the front door I don't hear you so I go to the kitchen for a glass of water and check the mail that is laying on the counter, just old junk mail and bills. I figure you must be taking a nap and the idea sound pretty good.

I quietly walk down the hall so I don't wake you as I walk on back to the bedroom, but about half way down the hall I hear soft moans! I stop and listen for a minute, you don't usually talk or mumble in your sleep. I can't believe it, could this be true, that I have caught you playing with yourself. You know how much it turns me on, especially the thought of watching you and you not know I am home watching. I move closer to the door as I peek in I see your hand rubbing along the edge of your breast, just the way you like it. You are biting your lip and moaning. I know that you have chill bumps all over and your juices are pouring. As I look in farther and can see your other hand is running down over your soft skin to the edge of your panties. A finger traces along the upper edge of your panties then down over top of them until you are rubbing up and down your slit through your panties. 

You place a finger on each side of your lips and run them up and down, your body shivers slightly. I can see a wet spot start to form in the center between your legs. You start ease your fingers into the waist band, I can tell when you have made contact with you hard little clit by the arching of your back. Panties are now being slid off, you can't take it anymore you need to cum. Your little fingers are going in small circle over your clit and then they dip down into your pussy. you slide two fingers in and out, I can see your juices glistening off of them as you bring them up to your mouth to taste your sweet nectar. I am so hard now, I stand back and take off my cloths and peek back to see you. Your back is arched and you are fingering your self harder. My hand goes to my cock, it is so hard from watching you. Your moans are getting louder, you now have one hand rubbing your clit while the other fingers your sweet pussy. You are about to lose control. You are making me so horny, it feels great rubbing my cock but I want to be in you, to fuck you until my cum is running out of you. I am still watching you when you start to moan louder and finger harder. I know you are about to cum. Your body shivers and your toes curl, your mouth is open and your eyes are closed. You freeze for a moment, I know you just came hard. after that I am going to have to have you but I don't want you to know I was watching just yet.

I slip back in to the living room put back on my clothes, thinking that was the sexiest thing I have ever watched. So you would thing I just came in I open and close the front door again. Then I yell "Hey hunny I am home!" You come running out of the back in your robe you are glowing. Then you hug me and say how much you have missed me today and that you were just thinking of me. Taking my hand we walk back to the bedroom.

To be continued...Maybe