 My heartfelt thanks to Kinkybelle for critiquing my story over and over, and her very valuable insight and recommendations. She was incredibly patient and diplomatic breaking in a new writer. It's greatly appreciated.

The stories I write are absolutely true. As I didn't get married until I was 30 (and even then as you will find out, that didn't stop me from having an exciting and varied sex life), I have a bit to write about.

*

When I came home after my first tour in Vietnam, what did I do? I hit the bars to see what could be found. This was a bit problematic as I wasn't old enough to drink. Yeah. Really. You can dodge bullets and mortar rounds when you're under 21, but come home and you're too young to go to a bar and have a beer. But that's another story. 

Toward the end of my leave, a buddy and I went to THE happening bar downtown. I didn't wear my uniform as it wasn't very popular to be in the military at the time, but people could get the idea from the haircut I had. The dark tan I had was out of place in December, so people could also get an idea as to where I was deployed. When we got to the bar, I ordered a Pepsi. We sat at a small table and scoped out what was available as far as the fairer sex was concerned. After a few minutes, a couple of girls we had known in high school came over and sat with us. The brunette gravitated toward my buddy, and the blonde gave me her full attention. I noticed she was wearing a wedding ring, but I ignored it.

Cindy, the cute blonde, was about 5'3" and just a bit plump, but it seemed a good amount of the excess weight went to her breasts. She was built quite well. As we were becoming reacquainted, we sat quite close, with our hips pressed against each other. We leaned in close as we talked, her warm breath playing across my ear each time she spoke sending chills up my spine. Cindy and I started to do some dancing, but we really enjoyed it when the slow songs played, and we could press our bodies into one another. I hadn't gotten very lucky the beginning of my leave and I was horny as hell. She could tell how hard my cock was, and her nipples were hard enough to be noticeable through her bra and blouse. 

We were slowly and deliciously getting worked up on the dance floor. As soon as we sat back down, our hands were busy under the table. I caressed the inside of her thigh moving my hand closer to her pussy. Unfortunately, we were both wearing jeans, so the thick fabric made it difficult for us to really feel each other. My buddy and his date noticed what was going on between us, and made sure I could give Cindy a ride home. They gathered up their coats to leave for more private surroundings, so I decided it was time that Cindy and I left too, since I was about to cum in my pants. I whispered this in her ear, and with her hand rubbing my cock, and a lust filled look in her eyes, it was indeed time to leave to experience what we knew what was coming.

We practically ran out to my car and, being the gentleman that I am, I opened the passenger door for her. I walked quickly to the driver's side and when I got in, she put her arms around me and pulled me close for a mind-numbing, toe-curling, tongue-lashing kiss. I reached up and cupped her breast and ran my palm across her erect nipple, eliciting a moan from her. When I pinched her nipple between my thumb and finger, she held me even tighter, moaning and breathing heavily in my ear. Her hand was rubbing my cock again, and I reminded her that we didn't want me to blow my load right then and there. I told her that I wanted to cum in her or on her, not in my pants.

I continued squeezing her breasts and pinching her nipples the best I could given the position we were in. Her legs separated, and with her hips pumping an imaginary cock, I could smell her arousal. For the first time that night, I put my hand between her legs to rub her pussy through her jeans. I undid her pants and pulled the zipper down. As she spread her legs for me, my hand found its way into her panties and I rubbed a finger between her swollen lips. I could feel how soaked she was. 

"Oh, my God," Cindy whispered in excitement. "I can't believe I'm really here with you. I've dreamed of this moment since high school! Back then, I used to lie in bed at night rubbing myself till I'd cum dreaming of you."

"You're going to have to show me how you get yourself off," I whispered in her ear between licks. "I want to see you with your legs spread wide rubbing your clit and finger fucking yourself." 

"I want to! I want to show you!" she moaned. I was lightly rubbing her clitoris and finger fucking her first with one, then two fingers. 

"Oh, God. Don't stop. I'm so close! I love what you're doing to me! God, I need this! Fuck me, don't stop!" Her hips pumped, trying to get more of my fingers in her sopping pussy. After another minute of stimulation she stiffened up, and gave a small scream. 

"Oh! My God! Yes! Yes! Oh, fuck! Fuck me!" she cried, and came hard on my fingers. I couldn't believe how hot and wet this woman was! Good Lord. Wasn't she getting any from her husband?

After she came down from what seemed to be an incredible orgasm, she unfastened my jeans and pulled the zipper down. "You remember what I told you earlier?" I asked. "It's not going to take much for me to cum." 

"Good," she exclaimed. "While we're driving to my house, I'm going to suck your cock. I want to taste your cum." She told me her address, and pulled my cock from my jeans. It was a bit difficult for her since I was hard as iron. When she finally got it out in the open, she started to give me her opinion. "I love the head. It's going be fun to suck and lick. It's just the right size, too. Not too long, not too wide." I couldn't help but wonder if that was a diplomatic way of telling me that my cock could be a bit larger. It's probably a good thing that it wasn't much larger, as she could do more with her mouth than anyone could believe. 

This young lady began to suck, and eventually got the whole thing in her mouth and down her throat. Good God, this woman knew how to suck cock! She's been busy since graduation! She stroked my shaft with her hand and sucked, licked, and got it down her throat! God! It felt fabulous! After a couple of minutes of both of us moaning, I warned her, "I'm going to cum, Cindy. It won't be long, and it's going to be a lot." 

She pulled my cock from her mouth and told me, "Good. I want to swallow all you've got." 

"Cindy, you've got an incredible mouth. It feels so good. I can't wait to feel what your pussy is like. I want to drive you up the wall. When we get to your place, I want to pay you back for what you're doing for me. I'm going to lick your pussy, and nibble on your clit. I want you to cum in my mouth. Would you like that?" 

Taking my cock out of her mouth again, she wailed, "Oh, my God, yes! I can't wait to feel your tongue in me!" I was finally there. With this girl's sucking abilities, I couldn't hold back any longer. 

"I'm cumming, Cindy! I'm cumming! Suck my cock! Suck it! Oh, my fucking God! Arrrrggghhh!" I yelled. I pumped and pumped semen into her mouth and she swallowed every drop. 

When I got my breathing back to normal, and I managed to avoid a few parked cars during my monstrous cum, I told her to pull her jeans down, along with her panties, and take one of her feet out so she could spread her legs. "Open your legs for me Cindy. Let me see you play with your pussy. Rub your clit for me. I want to see you cum. I want to hear you cum. I want you to let yourself go, and cum hard for me." 

As she spread her legs and started to finger fuck and rub herself she cried out, "Oh, God! The things you're making me do." 

"Don't you like the things I make you do?" I asked, feeling empowered. "Are the things I make you do bad? It's so naughty isn't it? You masturbating in front of me because I want you to. You finger fucking yourself and rubbing your hard clit is so naughty isn't it? You do it because you need to make yourself cum for me." We were almost at her house, so I drove around for a while watching her masturbate and patiently waited for her to cum. 

"Oh, my God! I can't believe I'm actually playing with myself while you're watching me!" 

"It's so dirty, isn't it, Cindy?" I asked. "Are you going to cum for me? Are you going to make yourself cum while I watch?" Her legs were spread as wide as she could get them, and she had three fingers frantically fucking herself while she rubbed her clit with her other hand. The moaning she was doing and the squishing sounds her fingers made while ramming in and out of her soaked cunt was getting me hard again. 

"Oh, shit! This is going to be another big one! God, I'm so close! This feels so fucking good, I can't believe it! And you're watching me get myself off! I can't believe I'm doing this for you!" she wailed. 

"Cum for me, Cindy! Do it! Cum hard for me! Let me see you make yourself cum! Do it!" I ordered. 

"Oooohhh, my fucking God!" she screamed "I'm cumming again! Aaaaeeeeee! I can't stop! Oh, God, it's happening again! Fuck, fuck, fuck! I need you to fuck me so much! This is incredible!" After she came down from her orgasmic high, she was splayed out in the front seat with her legs spread and her fingers slowly caressing her spent pussy. I took her hand and put her pussy-soaked fingers into my mouth sucking her juices off them. "Oh, God. You are so dirty, James," she said. 

"Yes, but you love it, don't you?" I asked. By now, the car had the smell of pussy in it, and that wasn't helping my condition much. My cock was as hard as steel again, and I wanted some of that which I could smell. I pulled up in front of her house, and seeing her wedding ring again, I asked her where her husband was. She said that he worked nights, that he wouldn't be home until morning, and everything was going to be fine. After she got herself somewhat dressed and I managed to put my hard cock away, we ran inside.

When we closed the door, we wrapped our arms around each other and started kissing and dueling with our tongues while removing each other's clothes as fast as we could. When we were both naked, she fell to her knees and put my rock hard cock in her mouth to suck me again. 

"Hold it, girl. If I remember correctly, I promised YOU that I wanted to pay you back for the fabulous blow job you gave me," I reminded her. "Sit on the couch and spread your legs for me again." Her beautiful blonde bush was adorned with fine wisps of hair, which did very little to hide her swollen lips or her hard clit. After she sat down and spread her legs as wide as she could, I wanted to see just how nasty she could get. "Very good, Cindy. Now spread your pussy open for me so I can see how wet you are." Without hesitation, she placed her hands at each side of her pussy and pulled it open for me. Of course, by this time she was absolutely soaked, something I could see immediately. "Keep your pussy open for me, Cindy." I said as I dropped to my knees and put my arms under each thigh so I would have control as to how much she spread. "Does your hubby do this for you? Does he lick your pussy and clit?"

"He has NEVER done this for me. He thinks its dirty," she whispered holding her pussy open for me. 

"Of course he thinks it's dirty. That's only because it is!" I responded. "So if he doesn't lick your pussy for you, I take it you don't suck his cock?" 

"Not even," she moaned. 

"I think that's amazing because you are a positively talented cocksucker," I complimented her. "You are one of the most lovely, sexiest women I've ever been with. I like that you do as you're told, and I can make you feel good when you do as I say. Look at you now. You're lying on the couch, your nipples are hard, your pussy is soaked, and you're even holding it open for me so I can stick my tongue in as far as I can get it. Hold it open for me, Cindy. I didn't have supper tonight, and I'm going to feast on your tasty cunt until you can't walk straight. I want to suck up your juices and I want you to cum in my mouth. You have a problem with that?" I asked. 

"Oh, my God, no! Do it, James! Lick my pussy for me! Nobody's ever done that to me. I can't wait. My girlfriends have had it done for them, and they tell me how much they love it! Do it to me!" she cried, then in an urgent whisper, "Eat me, please!" She adjusted her grip around her pussy and pulled it open even more. She even had tears in the corners of her eyes. 

"I promise that I'll make you feel so good, Cindy," I said as I lowered my face to my target and slipped my tongue just inside her swollen lips. What she did next was fascinating. She gave a little gasp and just froze in place, almost like if she moved, it would dislodge my tongue. Of course, I had her luscious thighs in my arms and I wasn't going to let her go anywhere. I took my tongue out of her cunt "Relax, Cindy," I told her, "and let the feelings take over. Let me tongue fuck you and lick your clit, and you'll really enjoy it." 

I went back to licking just inside her lips, then I shoved my tongue as far into her pussy as I could. She was moaning, and pumping her hips. She grabbed my head and tried to force it into her. As I was licking her cunt, I would lick higher and make contact with her clit, which she really loved. As I was eating her, I took some of her copious juices and coated my index finger and brought it down to her little hole. I did this numerous times until her anus was awash with her secretions. 

I put just my fingertip into her, and a small moan sounded from her. I pushed a little more of my finger in, and she seemed to like it even more. I then pushed the rest of my index finger in, and just held it in place waiting for her to adapt and respond. She was pumping her hips even more, and I started to finger fuck her asshole while licking and nibbling on her clit. 

"Oh, my God! That feels so good, James! Who knew something like this could feel so good? Don't stop, James! I'm getting so close! Finger fuck me! I love it! Oh, shit! Here I go again! Jesus, I can't believe tonight! I'm cumming! Oh, fuck me! Aaaeeeee!" At the end of her cum and after she settled down, I rose from the floor and sat next to her on the couch. I grabbed her head and put my mouth over hers in a passionate, hot kiss. She could taste herself, of course, and she pulled from my mouth and licked her juices from my face. 

I had her move off the couch to make room and I lay down on my back. I told her to straddle me which she did with her right leg between me and the couch, and standing on the floor with the other. I held my cock up and she lowered herself onto it and it slowly sank into her. 

"Oh, my fucking God. I can't believe we're finally fucking! I've been waiting for this all night," she moaned. 

"What. You think the warm up was a waste of time?" I asked. 

"Oh, God." she replied. "I wouldn't trade anything we did tonight. Your cock feels so good in me. Actually, I've been waiting a couple of years for this." As she panted her answer, she moved back and forth sideways, then bounced up and down on my hard shaft. She leaned toward me, offering her ample breasts and hard nipples for me to suck, which I did with relish. As I was sucking on one, I'd be pinching the other. Cindy was really beginning to get into this glorious fuck and was rising and falling on my cock with greater speed. She was moaning and saying unintelligible things in her lust. I told her to sit up straight, and that gave me the room I needed to stroke her clit. 

"Oh, Jesus! I'm getting so close! God, I can't believe all that's happened to me tonight!" she yelled. 

"Stop!" I told her. She didn't, or couldn't. "Stop!" I repeated. 

"What?" she came out of her euphoric state with a questioning expression. "Turn around," I told her. 

"Why?" she asked. 

"You've picked a fine time to begin questioning my motives," I told her through clenched teeth. When she turned around, this gave me the time I needed to prevent myself from cumming too soon, and also provided easy access to her asshole. When she got herself situated, I again held my cock up and she lowered herself onto it once more. We were both moaning as my cock was sliding up her soaked pussy. I told her to lean forward and I licked my finger to lube up her asshole. As I was making her little hole nice and slick for an easy entry, I could feel Cindy reach between us to play with her clit. 

"Oh, shit! You're going to do it to me again, aren't you?" she moaned. I slowly pushed my finger into her tight asshole, and she began to buck on my cock for a second time. As my finger got fully imbedded in her ass, she threw caution to the winds, and let fly. She bounced up and down, fingering her clit with her right hand, and squeezing her breasts and rubbing her nipples with her left. I was trying to think of anything not to cum, but it was difficult as I was watching my finger go in and out of her asshole as she was fucking me. Cindy began to yell and scream as her orgasm overtook her. "Oh, fuck me, James! God! The things I've been missing! I want you to always fuck me! I want you to do anything you want to me! Oh, sweet Jesus! I'm almost there! Don't stop! Please don't cum yet! Oh, my fucking God, I'm cumming! Don't cum yet, I'm going to cum again!" 

At this time, there was no way in hell that I could have prevented myself from cumming. "I can't hold back, Cindy. I'm going to cum!"

"Yes! Let me feel your cum inside my cunt. I want all your cum! Give it to me!" she cried. 

"Here it comes!" I yelled. "Take it! Take it all!" 

"I'm cumming again!" she screamed, her body shuddering. I could feel her warm, wet pussy pulsating around my erupting cock. She fell forward onto my legs and just lay there catching her breath. I pulled my finger out of her open asshole. It took a moment to close, which I took as a good sign because the next time we got together, I was going to fuck her in the ass. If I was gentle enough with her, and took my time, I knew she would really like it. 

My cock was very deflated now, so she got up off me, turned around, and lay on top of me, kissing me, telling me that this was the greatest night of her life, and that any time I wanted her to just let her know and she would meet me. I ran my hands over her back and across her butt, and caressed her cheeks, telling her that she was one incredible, sexy woman and I hoped that we could meet again when I got back. She lifted her head from my shoulder, and asked, "When you get back? Get back from where?" I told her that I had volunteered for another tour in Vietnam, and that I was scheduled to leave in two days. Tears formed in her eyes, and she brought her mouth down onto mine. As we kissed, I could feel the teardrops falling onto my face. I told her not to worry, and that we'll write and that I definitely wanted to get together with her again. It was such a sad moment for me too, as I teared up. 

During my second tour, we exchanged letters and told each other what we were up to, how much we missed each other, and what we were going to do with each other when I got home. The last letter I received from her was addressed to me in her handwriting, but in the envelope was a note written by her husband telling me that he had found out about us, and that I had better stay away from her. When I got back, I conducted a small, discreet search for her, but never found her or where she went. 

Cindy was one of the first women with whom I had an incredible hot relationship who wasn't in the least bit shy or reserved and knew what she wanted. Over the years, I built up an appreciation for women like Cindy who could fuck with abandon, and did so without regret. I was hooked.

This is my first submission, so all comments, complimentary or otherwise, will be appreciated.