 It was a day like today that made me truly thankful I had the guts to start my own company while working out of my house. Today was Friday and my Birthday and I was hoping to finish my paperwork early so I could start to relax and have a few beers. 

I had just wrapped up a morning of successful appointments with a lunch with my best client. The fact that I scheduled a lunch with her on my birthday was no coincidence because not only was she my best client, she was also my favorite. I had scheduled the lunch meeting as a birthday present to myself. Nothing had ever happened between us during a business meeting, nor would it ever, but there was never a shortage of flirtation during our meetings and lunch today was no exception. 

When I met her at the restaurant, she looked amazing. My cock grew instantly hard as it usually did during our meetings. She was two years younger than me and had a very tight body with incredible breasts. Today she wore a low-cut top that flaunted her beautiful tits for everyone to see and I could only imagine the tiny panties she was wearing because her skirt was so short and tight. The conversation at lunch quickly turned from business to sexual flirtation. Needless to say that I was disappointed when she said she had to get back to work for the afternoon. 

As I sat in my office trying to finish my paperwork, my thoughts began to drift to what the rest of the day might have in store. My wife and I have always treated each other's birthdays as very special occasions and our birthday surprises have grown increasingly daring each year. I found myself getting so horny just fantasizing about what she might have planned this year and I could not wait for her to get home from work.

On one of my birthdays my wife surprised me by bringing lunch to my office dressed in a raincoat then proceeded to flash me when she walked out. On another birthday she took me to a strip club and bought me lap dances. But the best birthday surprise ever was when she dressed as slut, took me to a porn theatre and proceeded to give me the most incredible 30 minute blow job while I watched the porn on the screen. 

As my cock swelled with anticipation of tonight my thoughts were interrupted by the sound of the doorbell. It was too late for UPS or FED EX so I assumed it was some neighbor kids selling candy for school. As I opened the door, I was shocked to see my favorite client standing there. 

I stuttered when I asked her what she was doing here and she proceeded to tell me that she had forgotten to place an order since our conversation at lunch had turned a bit sexual in nature. I told her I understood and invited her into my office to write up the order.

I asked her to sit on the couch while I pulled up her file on the computer. As I was pulling up her information, I glanced over and noticed that I was able to see her glistening white panties since she did not have her legs crossed. I could not help but wonder if that was on purpose or not. I told her I was ready and she walked over to my desk with the information. I quickly started typing while she walked behind me and started rubbing my shoulders. I could not believe my good fortune and on my birthday.

As I finished typing in the order, she swung my chair around to face her. There stood the most beautiful woman in the world and I was in shock. She slowly started unbuttoning her blouse button by button. She slipped off her blouse revealing the most beautiful white lace bra I had ever seen. It was barely holding her perfect tits in place and I could see her nipples growing with anticipation. I leaned forward to touch her but she pushed me back in my chair making it clear who was actually in charge. She turned around and dropped her skirt to the floor. The g-string panties were even tinier than I had pictured and left nothing to the imagination. 

I sat there in pure shock as my best client stood before me in her lace bra, g-string panties and high heels. My cock was throbbing like never before and I wanted to have it stroked. My client proceeded to kneel before me, undid my pants and slid them to my ankles. She teased my cock with her hands and finally released it from my boxers. It felt so good to have my cock out in the open and I knew she was excited by her smile and moan. She stared into my eyes as she stroked my cock with one hand and played with my balls with the other. Her soft hand felt so good wrapped around my big hard cock and I just leaned back and soaked it all in.

After stroking and teasing me for a couple of minutes she was back on her feet. Her hands released her hair and slowly slid down to her tits caressing them gently. In one motion she released the front clasp of her bra and her firm round tits burst out of their confinement. They were simply amazing and it was quite obvious she had been sunbathing topless all summer because there were simply no tan lines to be found. I wanted to lick and suck her perfect mounds but she was in charge. She bent over and slid her panties over her heels to the floor. Her shaved pussy was staring at me. She was now completely naked except for her high heels and my cock was ready to explode.

She quickly got on her knees and put my dick between her tits. I just sat there as she used my cock to titty fuck herself. She grabbed my hands and placed them on her tits. Her tits felt so firm and felt so good as my dick slid up and down between them. As my hands squeezed her luscious breasts around my cock her hands drifted to her pussy where she furiously fingered her clit. She stroked harder and faster and I fucked her tits harder and faster. She looked into my eyes and screamed that she was coming. I have no idea how I did not shoot my load then and there but I didn't. Her body convulsed several times in pure ecstasy but she was not done with me.

She took my cock from between her tits, licked it like a lollipop then swallowed all seven inches of it. She moved up and down on it while I just sat back and prepared to explode. I briefly wondered if I should shoot my load in her mouth or pull out and shoot it on her face or tits. As she licked and sucked like never before, I warned her that I was about to cum. To my satisfaction she kept sucking until I blew my load into her warm mouth. She sucked every drop out of me and swallowed every drop with no hesitation.

I just sat there in pure exhaustion as my best client knelt before me licking her lips after giving me the most incredible blow job of my entire life. The only words I could get out were "thanks sweetie for the best birthday surprise you have ever given me." She smiled and kissed me and went to take a shower before we went out for my birthday dinner.