 I got the frantic call about 5:30 in the evening. It was my girlfriend Jenny. She was really wound up and hysterical about something. I was planning on spending the weekend at her apartment but wasn't supposed to be there until seven o'clock.

"Mark, get over here right now. You gotta see this! You won't believe it!" She said panting.

"See what?" I replied a bit perplexed but interested.

"Just come over here as soon as you can. I mean it!"

"Ok, I'll be right over." I hung up the phone, quickly packed my stuff and jumped in the car. 

Jenny and her roommate Carol, short for Caroline, had an arrangement where one weekend a month they had the apartment to themselves while the other would stay with a friend or boyfriend. It worked out most of the time. It was Jenny's weekend at the apartment alone; Carol was with her boyfriend Bob. 

Carol and I were both fourth year pre-law students while Jenny was a third year marketing major. When Jenny came to Ohio State a year after me, I introduced her to my classmate Carol; they instantly became friends. Since they both needed a roommate, it was a perfect match. For the past three years, they shared expenses and got along well.

I arrived at the apartment about 15 minutes later, out of breath, hurriedly stuffed duffle bag in hand and anxious to see what it was that had gotten Jenny all worked up. I let myself in and announced, "Ok, I'm here. What's going on?"

"Come in! Put your bag upstairs and come back down."

I did as instructed. When I got back down, Jenny was standing by the TV holding a non-descript computer DVD-R. I jumped to a conclusion, "Cool, is it porn?"

From time to time, Jenny and I watched porn together. It was infrequent but one of our secret pleasures. At first she alleged that she didn't really like it. But inevitably after we'd watch something labeled with a triple-X rating, she'd jump me with surprising vigor. Soon, she got over her embarrassment and was even going to the rental store with me and picking out DVDs that looked interesting to her. It was hit-and-miss. Some of the movies were better than others but we would fast forward through the crap we didn't like and watch what we thought was good. So this must be something really exceptional for Jenny to get so worked up.

"Would you hold your horses?" Upon closer inspection, the DVD had "12-4-05 Carol and Becky" hand written on it in black marker. Jenny held it up like Vanna White showing a lucky contestant a prize. Then with very deliberate motions placed it in the DVD player, turned on the TV and handed me the remote control.

She flopped down next to me on the sofa and looked at me carefully. "Now listen Mark under no circumstances can you ever tell Carol, or anyone, you saw this. I know you two are buddies but you have to promise me that she'll never know."

"Ok sure. But what is it? Does Carol get naked in this or something?" 

Jenny sighed and shook her head, "Just promise me."

"I promise."

Jenny stared at me with narrowed eyes and one eyebrow raised.

"I promise Jen; Scout's honor." 

Jenny sat back on the sofa, seemingly placated, "Ok, press play."

I aimed the remote at the TV and pressed the button. The screen came to life. I was a bit surprised to see Caroline sitting on the same sofa we were sitting on. Someone was video taping her. Then I heard Bob's voice from behind the camera, saying, "Hey there sweet Caroline. Say 'Hi' to the camera." Carol waved and said, "Hi" with a sexy smile. Bob's narration continued, "Here we are at Caroline and Jenny's nicely decorated apartment. She's looking incredibly hot as always."

"Thank you sweetie," she smiled flirtatiously then quickly lifted her small T-shirt revealing her plump braless breasts. She reached down and gave them a squeeze then lifted the right one to her lips and seductively licked and sucked her own nipple before giggling and pulling her shirt back down. 

"Whoa now!" I said glancing at Jenny out of the corner of my eye. Jenny didn't flinch. 

"Wow that was nice! What do they taste like?" Bobby asked.

"Humm..." Carol licked her lips. "...strawberries I guess," was the giddy reply. 

"Oooh, that sounds good. I never seem to get tired of seeing you play with your tits.

Jenny had seen Carol's naked breasts a thousand times. She told me Carol carelessly walked around the apartment naked, or close to naked, all the time. I actually had a pretty good idea of what her breasts looked like too. I had never seen them uncovered but she did lounge around the apartment braless in these almost see-through way-too-tight T-shirts. Nevertheless, it was still a shock to see her flash the camera.

Bobby continued, "Anyway, what are we going to do tonight Caroline?"

"I was hoping we were going to have some fun."

Suddenly I thought I was beginning to realize what was going on. I turned toward Jenny with a questioning look and a comment on the tip of my tongue. She put her index finger over her lips to silence me and keep me from asking the obvious then pointed back to the screen. I sat back and anxiously faced the TV, not realizing that I really didn't have any idea as to what I was about to see.

Caroline had only dated one guy through her first year of pre-law. It was one of those relationships that everyone knew wouldn't last. And it didn't. Once they broke up, Carol stayed out of the dating game for the rest of the year and summer. This past year she met Bobby and they fell madly in love. It was the opposite of her last relationship. They got along very well and seemed genuinely happy.

Bobby went out of his way to be thoughtful and do nice things for Carol. Most of her friends were jealous of the attention he would shower on her. Flowers, hand holding, picnics, home cooked meals, you name it. He was a very thoughtful boyfriend that we all knew was getting really lucky on a regular basis as a reward for his attentiveness. Everyone in our circle of friends liked Bob and we all agreed that, unlike her previous boyfriend, he was good for her. 

Back on TV Bob asked Carol, "What kind of fun would you like to have tonight?"

"Well if you must know," Carol teased, "for a while now I've been very curious to see what it felt like to make love to a woman..."

"Oh my god," I muttered while staying transfixed on the TV.

"...we've talked about it a couple of times and I thought it'd be cool to try it. As a matter of fact, my roommate Jenny likes vacuuming the house in this tiny T-shirt and skimpy cotton panties, she's so sexy and so cute with her tight ass and great tits, I've been tempted to ask if she'd be up for some fun girl-girl sex."

"So did you?" Bobby asked.

"Oh...my...god," I said again this time turning to face Jenny with a questioning look on my face.

"Don't even..." Jenny barked holding up her palm to abruptly halt my questioning.

Carol answered, "Nah, I haven't. You know, since we live together and all, it might make things a little uncomfortable. But she's a cutie isn't' she?" Carol bit the corner of her lip and raised her eyebrows a couple of times as if the thought still provoked her.

Jenny squeezed my hand and looked at me wide-eyed, "A little uncomfortable? Can you believe that Mark?" She signed heavily. "I swear, no more vacuuming in my panties." 

"You vacuum in your panties?" I asked. Jenny just frowned back at me and I looked back at the TV feeling like it would be best for me to keep quiet for now. With my eyes locked on the TV I carefully said, "She's right though, you are a cutie." Jenny lovingly squeezed my hand.

"So tonight I thought I'd be fun to try it, if we can find a willing soul. What do you think that Robert?" Carol continued licking her lips very seductively. 

"Huh, huh, huh," he chuckled. "I'd go along with that."

"So would I," I said trying to reel the words back in as they were escaping my mouth.

Jenny grabbed the remote from my hand and hit pause. "Listen Mark, don't get any ideas. I still can't believe I'm showing this to you."

"I'm not going to tell anyone. As for my comment, I was just kidding. Now give me a break and give me back the remote. Where did you find this DVD anyway?" I said trying to change the subject and get her off my stupid comment.

"It was in the DVD player. She must have accidentally left it in after watching it or something. Mark, listen to me. You've got to promise me."

"I already did."

"No, I mean it gets better... or worse or whatever. There's a lot more on this DVD and you just can't tell anyone you saw it." 

"Look, I wouldn't dare tell anyone, especially Carol," I said honestly.

"Mark," Jenny looked down at her feet. "I did something really bad. I snooped in her room and found three more just like it sitting right on top of her desk -- in plain view!"

"Did you watch them?"

"Heck no," Jenny quickly shot back. "Only part of this one, but I know they're more of the same. They have to be Mark. They're labeled about the same, you know like, '11-5-05 Me and Bob' or '10-23-05 Solo Sexy Caroline'. I just left them lying there but I can only imagine what's on them. Besides, I'm not sure I'd really like seeing 'Solo Sexy Caroline'. You can watch that one alone if you want."

"How much of this one did you already see?"

"About ten more minutes then I called you. I'm a bit worried. It's going to really shock you... you'll see."

"I bet it will. Now give me the remote." I said without a clue as to what I was about to see. She handed me the remote. Just as I was about to press the play button a thought occurred to me.

"Jen, do you think Carol intentionally left this DVD in the player so you'd find it and watch it?"

"No way!" Jennifer looked at me like I had just told her that her feet smelled funny. "There's some unbelievable shit on this DVD. There's no way she'd want me to see what's on it! Why would you even ask that anyway?"

"Well, with the 'cutie' comment and all, maybe she was hoping you'd watch it and take the hint," I speculated.

Jenny's brow furrowed in concentrated thought. After a moment of mental churning she turned to me, "Mark, why'd you have to say that? Now the next time I see Carol I'm going to wonder about what you said."

I went further. "Well, think about this. We do what broke college students always do on the weekend, we watch a rented movie. So, what do we do with the DVD? Do we leave it in the player as if we didn't watch a movie and never found it? Do we put it on her desk in her room? Either way she'll suspect you discovered it."

"Shit," Jenny shook her head. "I don't know. I think we should leave it in the player as if we didn't notice it. What do you think we should do?"

"Well, she's the one that left it lying around. Maybe we should leave it on top of the DVD player so they know we saw it," I said with an evil grin. 

"No freakin' way!" Jenny shot back.

"No matter what her intention," I paused, "I think we should watch it." I pressed play.

The DVD resumed with Bobby saying, "Hmmm let's see. Where can we find a beautiful, willing girl?" He said out loud as if hoping someone would magically appear, "Is there a hot woman in the house that wants to have sex with my girlfriend?"

The camera moved from Carol to the empty stairwell. A nice, long pair of legs appeared as a young woman seductively walked down the stairs. I was thinking to myself, "Wow, what a knock out set of legs," when the light hit her I gasped and Jenny spun toward me anticipating my shocked reaction. She knew who I was about to see coming into the room.

"Holy shit!" I exclaimed. "You're kidding me!" My hand gripped Jenny's as we looked at the TV.

"Mark, I told you there was stuff on this DVD that would shock you!"

On the TV, the girl flopped onto the sofa next to Carol and they traded a quick, sexy kiss. It was Becky Bassett, the younger sister of one of my high school buddies. Bill Bassett and I grew up in the same neighborhood and went to all 12 years of elementary and high school together. We weren't best friends, but we were friends. His sister Becky was two years younger than us and one of those girls that went from awkward to smoking hot, almost over night in the ninth grade. Now she was going to a neighboring junior college getting a degree in massage therapy. 

I hadn't seen her in a while, but Bill and I had several classes together and saw each other several times a week. Once again, Jenny pulled the remote from my limp hand and paused the DVD.

"Are you ok?" She asked.

"Yea, I think so. What about you, are you ok with this? "

"Yes, as long as you'll watch it with me. Like I said, you're about to get an eye-full. But you can't tell Bill about this."

"Are you kidding me? I wouldn't dream of it," I said emphatically. Then with a more subdued tone I muttered, "That could really complicate things for all of us, Bob and Carol included." I turned to face Jenny. "So, do Carol and Becky...you know...do it?"

Jenny silently nodded toward the TV and pressed play. This time she kept the remote.

Back on the TV, Bob was talking to the girls from behind the camera. "So how are we going to do this?" 

"I guess the first thing we should do is get naked," Becky said with a cheerful excitement.

"I'll go first," Carol volunteered raising her arms. Becky immediately reached over and lifted Carol's shirt. Her large braless breasts tussled and bounced as they were freed from the tight fitting, extra small T-shirt. They were soft, round and plump with smooth brown oval shaped nipples the size of half-dollars. Becky immediately commented on them, "Oh my, those are some gorgeous tits girl!" She reached out and gave them a gentle exploratory grope, "Oooh, they're absolutely fantastic!"

Carol smiled with pride as she stood up. Becky reached out, unbuttoned her jeans and pushed them down to her ankles. She stepped out of her jeans totally naked, revealing her soft feminine body that showcased a light brown crop of neatly trimmed pubic hair. 

"Well, hello there 'Miss no underwear,'" Becky giggled. "Looks like you were expecting some action tonight."

"Actually, I'm kind of a 'no underwear' kind of girl. Bobby likes it better that way." Carol explained.

Carol turned and playfully rubbed her plump tits into Becky's face then they kissed again, French kissing this time much more passionately, until Carol reached over and started to pull off Becky's shirt. Her small, firm breasts were securely cradled in a delicate, sheer lace bra. She then reached back around and unclasped the bra strap and slid it forward revealing the smooth, tan flesh that hid underneath.

Becky's nipples were incredibly erect bullets. Even on screen you could see how hard they were. Sitting right in front of her, Carol was impressed at the pertness of Becky's breasts, "Oh my goodness, look at these!" she said lightly flicking her finger over one of Becky's half-inch raised nipples. "May I?" Carol politely asked before taking them in her mouth, carefully caressing them with her lips and tongue. 

You could hear Bob saying, "That's it girls, keep playing. Isn't this fun?" You could tell he was getting pretty excited.

I looked back at Jenny; she was staring at the screen. I've never seen her with that level of concentration; she didn't even notice me looking at her. I looked away before she did.

Carol was now kissing and sucking Becky's breast. Bob zoomed in closer and whispered, "Oh, that's nice, holy shit." Both girls giggled at his comment.

Becky stood up and let Carol undo her jeans and helped her pull them down, leaving her with nothing on but a tiny g-string and a pair of ankle socks. Becky faced the camera and did a little dance then with all the moves of a well practiced stripper, peeled off the g-string revealing her tight completely tanned body. The lack of tan lines was immediately noticeable and smacked of tanning salon. She spun around flaunting and dancing for the camera.

"Oh my god, look at that Bobby." Bob aimed the camera at Becky, "She shaves her pussy." Bob zoomed in and Becky rubbed her bare mound like it was Aladdin's magic lamp. 

"Do you like it?" Becky asked rhetorically, knowing the answer to her own question. 

"I love it! It's really sexy," Carol cooed. 

Carol was seriously intrigued and kept staring hypnotically at Becky's bare pussy. 

"Becky, I seriously love how your pussy looks. That's really hot, isn't it Bobby?"

"Uh-huh," the camera moved up and down as he nodded.

Carol reached out and lightly stroked it with the back of her hand then the tips of her fingers. Then she pulled back and reached down and started stroking the hair on her own pussy. Bob zoomed in a bit more her direction. She looked up into the lens and said, "Hey, can we shave mine so it looks like hers?"

"Are you serious?" Bob asked. Carol nodded enthusiastically into the camera. "Whatever you want," Bob said, "the night belongs to you."

"I'd love to do it," piped up Becky as she grabbed Carol's hand and, totally naked, they headed up the stairs to the bathroom. The camera went dark.

I was amazed. My head was spinning as I looked at Jenny. "This is incredible! I'm shocked!"

"That's all I saw before I called you. Now you know why I was so frantic?"

"Uh, yea!" I obviously said.

"Now, you see why I didn't want to tell you over the phone?"

"Yes, I would have gotten into a wreck speeding over here."

Jenny laughed. "Like I said, this was all I saw. I'm anxious to see what happens next?"

The screen lit up again; this time they were in the upstairs bathroom. The tub was half full of steaming water and Carol was sitting on the edge while Becky knelt between her legs. 

"You know what you're doing down there, right Beck?"

"Hell yes. I used to do this twice a week."

"Used to?" Carol asked. I too was curious as to what she meant by that.

"Yea, I used to. I don't need to anymore," Becky over-annunciated the word, "LASER."

"Oh, you mean yours is permanently gone?"

"Yep, permanently. The community college, where I go, teaches all kinds of cosmetology courses and LASER hair removal certification is one of them. I get free services in return for being 'practice' for the students. It's like an internal barter system, I give the 'cosmo-girls' practice therapeutic and deep-tissue massages. I had my arm pits and legs done too. I don't even own a razor anymore. It's awesome."

Carol looked over and rolled her eyes at Bob behind the camera. "What was that for?" Bob said.

"You always wanted me to do this didn't you?"

"Well, I might have mentioned it a time or two," he admitted.

"I guess you're going to get your wish Bobby Davis. When you asked me to shave my pussy did you ever, in your wildest, wettest dreams, think it would be another girl shaving it?" She laughed at the irony.

"Shit no! This is unbelievable. Carol can you turn a bit so I can get a better shot."

Carol turned and lowered her left knee out of the way as Becky spread a thick coat of shaving cream over her mound. Bob moved closer and caught the entire thing in intricate detail. 

"Perfect," Bob muttered almost under his breath.

As Becky dragged the razor through the white cream Jenny let go of my hand and leaned forward squinting at the screen. Suddenly she jumped up, "What the hell?"

I was startled, not sure what had instantly gotten Jenny so irate.

"Look Mark! Look at that!" Jenny excitedly pointed at the screen.

I strained at the TV trying to see what Jenny was talking about.

"Dang it Mark, they're using my Venus Razor! Shit!" She hit the pause button and ran upstairs. I heard her rummaging around then came back down, handle and razor carefully wrapped in a Kleenex. She opened the trash bin in the kitchen and tossed in the defiled hair removal appliance. 

"Remind me to get a new one tomorrow," she fumed as she sat back down and hit play. "Good grief!"
