 You ever have that moment where you meet a woman and you just can't get her out your head? When you talk to her you notice something new you like with ever conversation! Every time she smiles at you, you can't help but find her even more attractive?

I had that, a pretty bad case of it as well. I'd not long started work at a new company where I was hired for my experience and was therefore one of the oldest people in the office at 45! The company had a pretty young vibe and there was always a lot of energy in the office.

I'd been introduced to Katy on my first day, but it wasn't until a couple of weeks later that she really started to get to me. It wasn't that I hadn't noticed she was very pretty, she was. She was also 24, in her first job and young enough to be my daughter, if I had one. So, to be honest I had it filled under not gonna happen and I just enjoyed being in the same space as her.

The weeks passed as they do and I found when I chatted to her that her eyes twinkled, her smile was warm and genuine, and I just found myself thinking about her more often. Wondering if maybe that warm smile was because I was there?

The thing is I couldn't put my finger on it, but she just had a quality that I couldn't shake. She was brunette about 5 foot 6, she had a nice slim figure with hips that just flared out beautifully giving her gorgeous curves. Her face was slightly oval, she had gorgeous dark brown eyes you could happily drown in and when she smiled her face shone and I found her dimples cute! As a leg man I loved the days she wore a short skirt or dress into the office. However, she had this pair of trousers that just curved around her arse and to be honest if you weren't looking as she walked away you must have been dead! 

She was one of those girls that I am sure loads of guys ignore she wasn't a barbie doll type, she didn't flaunt herself and while she was pretty she wasn't one of those girls that made you look twice and then walk into traffic cause you were staring so hard. She was very cute, very pretty and the more you noticed her the more you wanted to.

As you do in offices you chat when there are quiet moments, go for coffees and the occasional drinks and every interaction I had with her just made me initially like her more but over time I started to want her more.

I remember the moment vividly when I realised that I didn't care if she was 24, I just saw her as a woman that I was strongly attracted to. She had come into the office dressed in her own words like a schoolteacher. She had worn a nice sleeveless black top and a pleated below knee skirt, with high heels. I think she had her first big client meeting that day. Anyway, there was a bit of office banter and she said that and as she did, she twirled round in the office. As she twirled round her skirt flared out, showing a lot less leg than the short skirt she had worn the day before, but it was the way she moved, the smile on her face, her dimples and those eyes flashing amusement. She looked so alive, so sexy that it was right then I knew I wanted her.

Not that I thought I ever could!

I honestly never once had a moment when I thought about flirting with her, never considered the art of seduction, I guess I just assumed she would laugh at the old guy trying it on with the young woman. As the year turned into Autumn, I found myself having regular little chats with her on my days in the office. Each of which somehow seemed intimate and warm. Or maybe I was imagining things!

One day she was having a bad day which was in the middle of a rough week and when I took her for a coffee, she was so grateful and so appreciative of me taking the time that I found myself falling for her even more. When she hugged me and thanked me for cheering her up, I wanted to hold her in my arms and never let go.

Damn she felt good, there wasn't much to her, I could pick her up and fuck her against a wall and with that thought I went home that night and masturbated furiously thinking of Katy asking me to fuck her, except that's not what I wanted, I wanted to her to ask me to make love to her! Oh god I was getting ever so slightly obsessed. 

I consoled myself by having the odd browse of her social media, especially her Instagram and while I often felt guilt doing it, I found myself beating off to her latest selfies.

A couple of weeks before the office Xmas do I was seriously considering not going and taking some extra time off and going away somewhere hot for the period The new job was going OK but I figured I could skip a party that would largely be focused on the younger staff and get some winter sun instead. Funnily enough it was my boss that talked me into going, I'd known him a few years before he asked me to come join his new team and he kinda talked me into it for the good of company moral etc.

The fact that the girls in the office had been discussing their dresses, high heels and the subject of stockings v hold-ups over the last few weeks may have also influenced my decision. I'll be honest the thought of Katy in a little black dress, with high heels and hold-ups was enough to convince me to go hell if I had a chance any night it was the Xmas do surely!

I arrived fashionably late, well actually pretty much on time but I reckon the "kids" had gotten started earlier so even though the actual party itself had not long started at 8pm as I arrived it felt like it was the back of midnight.

Dancing was in full effect and as I did a quick tour of the room, saying hi to a few people. I wasn't the only old guy there right! I was keeping one eye open for Katy and looking for my boss to make sure he saw me there. I saw her before I saw him. She just seemed to appear in front of me, a little black dress that sat mid-thigh, it flared out over her hips in gentle folds, the bodice cupped her breasts wonderfully and with a little white collar it was simultaneously the sexiest and cutest thing I had ever seen. I smiled as I saw her and before I could react, she disappeared back into the crowd of people. 

"Damn it." I thought to myself and continued to walk towards the bar. Time to get a drink. The vast majority of the company I'd been told was staying at the hotel but I used some loyalty points and upgraded to a suite, I like my comforts and who knew how the night might go if it was great then Katy would be impressed if it was a bust then I had plenty of comfortable room to spend the night in.

As I turned around with my beer Grant was standing behind me, "Alright mate?"

I laughed he was a sneaky git sometimes, especially as he could hold his drink. "Yeah mate all good." We made small talk and were, I think, both just there to show face as much as anything else when one of my younger colleagues Lucy saw us at the bar and came over.

Now Lucy would be on every guys radar she is drop dead gorgeous and she was wearing a dress that looked like it had been painted on, I always enjoyed it when she hugged me her pert little breasts always felt good. 

We had a chat for a bit and I just as I thought she was sure to file me under boring old bastard, make her excuses and leave she grabbed my hand and said, "Come and dance."

I let her lead me to the dance floor, I have to be honest it was wall to wall talent and the vast majority of it was young, female and sexy. I danced with Lucy for a couple of songs and was just thinking that was me done my piece when I saw Katy on the edge of the dance floor watching me. Couldn't help myself and started to put a bit more enthusiasm into the dancing. Was sure it still looked like Dad dancing to her. As I danced with Lucy, I noticed Katy walking towards me, she whispered something to Lucy who simply stepped forward, hugged me and whispered, "Have fun."

I had no idea what she was talking about but was focussed on Katy who was now dancing in the same space.

I moved a bit closer to her, "Hi," I said.

She smiled and I must admit it made me melt a fair bit. She placed an arm around my neck and pulled herself towards me, "Hi yourself."

We were now definitely dancing with each other and I was lost in the sensation of having this gorgeous attractive young lady close to me and pressing against me. 

"I love your dress," I said to her as we danced close together.

"Thanks, I thought it was a bit boring, but I think it looks cute."

I nodded enthusiastically, "You look stunning never mind cute."

She smiled at me again and danced a bit further away from me, we must have danced together for a fair few songs with me hoping for a nice slow one when she again hooked her arm around my neck and said, "This girl needs a drink, want to join me?"

Oh yes, I wanted to join her for sure, "Good idea," I replied.

I followed her to the bar still assuming that at best this was some harmless flirting.

She handed me a beer; it was a free bar, but it was limited what you could get. I noticed she got herself what looked like a gin & tonic. I followed her over to a table where a few of the others were sitting and managed to sit down next to her. You know what these events are like the music was loud, people were loud, and conversation was just flowing round the table. I was getting a bit buzzed and hard sitting next to this gorgeous girl and to be honest surrounded by a lot of gorgeous girls I was feeling horny as hell. I had known for ages I wanted Katy, had almost gone hard when I saw her in her dress tonight and I was more than aware of her sitting next to me. While I chatted to one of the boys, I pressed my leg against hers. She didn't move.

I had done that quite deliberately there was no way she hadn't felt it happen and with age differences firmly out of my mind I knew that the game was afoot after more than a minute of our legs pressed against each other I started to slowly and deliberately move my leg against hers. Now this is the test, if she had simply assumed there was a space issue or just liked the contact but wanted nothing more, this was when I got that initial reaction. I felt her leg move, for a second thought she was pulling away and almost moaned out loud when her leg rubbed against mine and her foot stroked the back of my leg just above my ankle.

We were both involved in conversations, neither of us looked at each other as our legs quietly entwined and linked us together, under the table where no-one could see. My cock sprung to attention.

As the conversation flowed, I decided to take a chance as my leg pushed against hers, I dropped my hand onto my own lap. Slowly I put my hand on my own knee and moved across to find her knee. She wasn't wearing stockings so the electric thrill that ran through me as I touched her skin. She didn't flinch but turned towards me smiled and I felt her own hand cover mine and give it a squeeze. As her hand squeezed mine, I became aware of how silky smooth her skin felt and the heat from her thigh seemed to pulse into my hand. She released my hand, I squeezed her knee and moving my fingers in little circles I started to slide my hand up her thigh. 

I couldn't believe that both of us managed to carry on having conversations as I moved my hand up her thigh until my wrist met the hem of her skirt. We both looked at each other and with a small smile she moved her hand onto me and moved it back to her knee. I smiled and left my hand there enjoying the physical sensation of stroking her skin and of her softly moving her leg against mine.

As things go this party was starting to break up, people were heading out to clubs and the older guys were heading off to bed. Katy and I were still pressed close together and my hand had been on a few adventures up her thigh without making any progress to public fingering! However, the table we were sitting on was definitely breaking up. As people drifted off hugs and goodbyes were being exchanged and I briefly lost sight of Katy. Until I felt an arm go around my waist and there she was.

"So," she said with a cute and inquisitive look on her face.

"So what?" I replied.

She leaned in and said quietly as there were still people about and music had been turned down to make people leave. "So, I was wondering if you had any plans now?" She had arched an eyebrow at me, and it was a bit of a challenge.

"Well I was planning to go to bed, but I wouldn't mind the company!" I challenged back. Knowing full well that I would cave first in this game as I desperately wanted to fuck her.

She laughed and I joined in, "Or to put it another way, I'd be delighted to have the pleasure of your company for the rest of the evening!"

She made a pretend curtsy, "I do think that would be a most pleasant way to spend the time."

"Wait here I need to say some goodbyes etc." but before she went, I grabbed her arm.

"Take this," I said handing her a room key. I always get 2 when I check into a hotel, so I gave her the one in the cardboard holder with the room number on it. She looked at her hand and then looked back at me. "This way no-one sees us leave together." 

I could see she understood, rumour is horrible in most workplaces but just seemed to be constant in ours. "OK 15 minutes?"

I nodded and went to find my boss to say my good nights all of which took a good 5 or 10 minutes. As I left, I saw Katy over in a corner talking to one of the other girls from the office so I figured if I left now, when she left no-one would suspect a thing. I really hoped she was not going to change her mind.

I got into my room, took off the old bow tie and jacket and cracked open a beer. I had just switched some music on when I heard a tentative know at my door. Fuck! She's actually here and this could really happen, god I hope I don't cum too quickly if it does, it's been a while and she is hot as fuck.

I opened the door and there she was with a huge smile on her face a hand on her hip and a bottle of wine in the other hand. She looked stunning, sexy and vivacious. God, I wanted this young woman!

"Welcome," I said standing to one side to let her come into the room.

"Wow," she exclaimed, "I guess it's true you do get the big bucks?"

"I like to treat myself and largely I upgraded with points, I do travel a fair bit after all."

She smiled, as she looked round the suite, "Where can a girl find a glass for some wine in this place?"

I handed her a glass and she poured herself a glass of white. I had noticed it was white wine she preferred so was already putting the bottle into a chill bucket.

"Cheers," she said, "Here's to us."

"To us," I echoed enjoying the satisfying glass chink as her glass and my bottle met.

We both looked at each other over our drinks as we took that first swallow. Our eyes met and I could see hers sparkle. She looked so alive so sexy that I closed the distance between us put my arm around her waist and pulled her into a kiss.

As our lips met, I loved how she moulded herself to me her body naturally coming together with mine. She felt soft and trim, warm and just filled my arms as completely as I had imagined she would. 

Our lips came together slowly, gently at first as we explored each other, she flicked her tongue out probing into my mouth and that set us onto the next level of passionate deep kisses with our tongues pushing against each other. 

I wanted to pull her hard against me but to do that we had to get rid of our drinks, breaking off our kiss I took her glass, put it on the table and moved back against her as we were not fully able to embrace and press our bodies against each other. 

My hand slid from her shoulder, up to her cheek stroking against her face as we kissed, sliding it down to the back of her neck, I pulled her strongly into me and as I felt her shudder my hand slide down her spine to cup her gorgeous, taut arse and pull her firmly against me. Ensuring she could feel every inch of my erection.

She moaned deep into my mouth. As I meshed our bodies together. It was a low gently moan, the first sound of what I hoped would be many that I would coax from this gorgeous woman tonight. 

Her hands which had been around my neck as we embraced slide down and started to explore my back and I could feel a tension start to form around us. I had longed to feel that with this girl, and it urged me on urged me to taste her.

I moved the hand which had been pulling us together from her arse, up and across her hip and then down to the hem of her dress. My palm rubbed against her thigh as I pulled the material up allow me to move my hand between us.

She gasped, as my hand brushed against her pussy and she broke our kiss, "Shall we make ourselves comfortable?" she asked as she looked towards the bed. 

I decided to remove my jacket and shoes as we both moved towards the bed and I noticed her take off her high heels and grab a drink of her wine, which she placed on the bedside table. 

Looking at her as I approached the bed, I couldn't help but notice how young, gorgeous and sexy she looked. It was an intoxicating combination that I couldn't help but feel lucky to be about to experience. I moved onto the bed beside her and our bodies simply merged together, the initial slowness now seemed to be replaced by an urgency to touch, taste and feel each other. 

My hands started tangled in her hair as I pulled her towards me and into a passionate kiss. Quickly I ran my hands down through her hair and along her neck. I teased around the neck of her dress with a finger slipping it under the neckline but I couldn't wait any longer and despite my need to feel more of her skin against my fingers I moved the flat of my hand down between us and captured her breast.

"Mmmmmmm," she moaned as I manipulated her softness underneath my hand, her nipples felt hard and I moved quickly to pinch them which raised another moan from her.

As I manipulated her breast she was running her hands up and down my back and as our mouths parted she dipped her head forward and caught my ear in her mouth sending shivers as her hot breath and tongue came into contact with one of my erogenous zones. I moaned in encouragement and as I did so I felt her hand move up and underneath my shirt onto the warm skin of my hip.

This reminded me that prior to lying down I had been about to discover her pussy and while I had been enjoying playing with her covered breasts I deliberately ran my hand down the curves of her body, onto her hip and down towards the hem of her dress which, once again, I started to move up as my hand slid up her thigh. 

I explored her leg with my fingers enjoying the smooth, warmth of the skin of her thigh, and as I started to feel the radiant warmth between her legs my movements sped up with out me having to think.

I kissed he passionately and as I did so urge her to spread her legs to give me access to her pussy. As I felt my fingers brush against the lace of her panties, I urgently moved down and pressed into her pussy lips with 2 fingers.

"Ahhhhhhh," she exclaimed as I pressed against her clit and moved my fingers hard against her. I had to feel her, and, in my urgency, I reached for the waist of her panties and started to pull them down. She lifted her hips to let me pull them down her gorgeous legs and I caught my first glimpse of her engorged, wet and shaven pussy. 

As I finally slide her panties off, she said, "Help me with this zipper." With a smile I undid the zipper to her dress and as we both got it off her, she was revealed naked to my eyes for the first time. She was gorgeous.

"You're gorgeous," I said with a massive smile on my face.

She smiled at me and said, "Thanks, and you have too many clothes on."

We both laughed as she helped me get out of my shirt and suit. This just seemed awkward and by the time I was mostly naked we were both laughing on the bed. As I finally got rid of my shirt, I turned towards her and her laughter stopped as our eyes locked and without saying a word our bodies pressed together.
