 Everyone was gone from the house, and I was all set to enjoy some quality solo time. A cold beer was poured, a hot DVD was playing, supplies were handy, and I was happily sitting in a comfy chair in my boxers. A petite young porn actress had just mounted some stud, when out of the corner of my eye, I saw someone approaching the front door. I hurriedly hit the TV Power Off button on the remote, and turned to rise when the door opened and in walked Katy. 

One of my wife's friends, Katy had open door privileges. I was all for this, as Katy has a petite, yet curvy hard body, and seeing her is always a pleasure, but this took me by surprise.

She took a couple steps into the living room and paused, "Hey Sean, where is everybody? I thought we were getting together tonight." 

Painfully aware that my cock was tenting my boxers, I replied, "umm, no, I think it is tomorrow."

"You're kidding. I am so sorry. I hope I haven't interrupted anything," she said, her eyes glancing at my crotch.

"No, no," I assured her, "just relaxing, watching a DVD."

"Really," she said slowly, putting her bag down, "what are you watching?"

"Nothing good," I evaded.

Smiling, she walked over, took the remote, and pushing the Power button, said, "Let me see."

Her eyes widened as the TV screen lit up and the young starlet was getting her cunt pounded by the stud. Both of us were frozen on the spot. I kept looking back and forth between her and the screen. She was staring, her face flushed, her breathing getting heavy. She was wearing a short sun dress and I could see her nipples hardening through the fabric. She watched for five minutes, transfixed, until the stud pulled out and ejaculated copiously over the actress's torso. 

She turned and said, "Is there more?"

"Sure," I said, as the next scene began, "have a seat."

Katy sat down on the couch, her arousal mounting. As the scene unfolded, I could see her hands wanting to touch herself. She fidgeted and squirmed each time the screen couple took a new position. When the scene ended with the actor cumming in the girl's mouth, she turned and looked at my painfully hard cock.

"Fuck me," she ordered quietly, "Please fuck me." She rose and pulled the sun dress off. Her ample tits bounced as she bent over to hurriedly remove her panties. I barely had time to admire her tight body before she sat back on the couch and spread her legs wide. I dropped my boxers and moved towards her, with the intention of feasting between her thighs. 

She sensed my intention, but had other things in mind. She reached for my cock and firmly guided it towards her wet cunt. She rubbed the head against her moist lips and said, "I need you to fuck me. Fuck me hard and long and don't stop."

I thrust half way into her, my cock opening her labia wide. As I pulled back, she grabbed my hips and pulled hard. My cock speared her, filling her completely, the head hitting the back of her tunnel. "Yesss, fuck me!" she grunted.

She turned her head to watch the screen as I started to pump her. As luck would have it, the stars on the DVD were in the same position. I glanced at the scene and matched the intensity. Katy bucked and writhed as I fucked her. Her tits shook wildly with each stroke.

The scene changed with the girl on top. I quickly pulled out and sat down on the couch next to Katey. She got up, backed towards me and lowered herself down on my cock. I reached around and cupped her tits as she bounced up and down, trying to stuff as much of my cock as she could up her cunt. She groaned as I pulled her stiff nipples and raised my hips to meet hers. She rode me hard as I felt her cunt tighten around my prick.

She was close to cumming when the scene changed. Katey raised herself off me, and then got on all fours off the edge of the couch, her ass high in the air. I positioned myself behind her and entered her again. I grabbed her hips and started thrusting hard. She was reduced to non-verbal grunts as I pounded her from behind. Following the lead on the screen, I grabbed her hair and rode her hard. Katey let out a sharp cry as her cunt spasmed and she came, pulsing around my dick.

Her orgasm rolled on so long, I thought she would pass out. Abruptly though, she partly collapsed, groaning softly. I was pumping her a little more slowly now, when I heard her gasp. She lowered her chest to the couch and reached around to grab the cheeks of her ass. I wondered if she meant it, until I looked at the screen and saw our hero in action. Smiling, I pulled out of her dripping cunt and moved the head of my cock to her ass. I grabbed the bottle and dripped lube over my dick, down onto her rose. Her body trembled as the head pushed into her tight hole. I moved slowly, until Katey cried out, "Hurry, do it to me! Gasp! It hurts so bad! Fuck me quick!"

I grabbed her hips and buried myself in her ass. Katey buried her face in a pillow and screamed as I started to pump into her. Her entire body writhed beneath me, her hands clawing the couch, crying into the pillow. I could only take a minute of this before my cock swelled. I shoved myself in to the balls and came, stream and stream of cum filling her ass. 

I remained motionless, buried deep, as the last of my cum was wrung from my cock. With a groan, I pulled out of her, watching her ass gape open before me. Katey collapsed completely, breathing hard, spent. After a few moments, she silently wobbled off to the bathroom to clean herself up and dress. When she returned, we smiled at each other shyly. "Sorry to have bothered you. See you tomorrow," she smiled, and backed out the door. 

"I look forward to it," I replied.