 I'd reached that inevitable stage in life that everyone does. I hated my job, my boss was an utter ass-clown, but he paid me too much money to want to leave. I'd come back from holiday the week before, and the gap until the next time I departed these shores for somewhere hotter and sunnier stretched before me in a chasm. My one saving grace was my gorgeous wife, Kelly.

We'd been together for a couple of years, married for about six months. No kids, no plans to have them any time soon. We could do what we wanted. Take a day off together and spend the time screwing? Done. Disappear for a weekend away? What was stopping us? Pee with the door open? Who needs doors? Life was good, whenever I wasn't being bored senseless by my prick of a boss with his endless talk of 'horizon scanning' and 'taking things offline'. Kelly, on the other hand, was perfect. She worked in a gym, no stress, a body that I could eat my dinner off and was more than happy to use that body any way she felt it would please me. 

This particular day had been worse than usual. My boss was freshly back from a conference, with a whole new batch of business-speak that seemed designed to make me hate him even more. Once I'd got my 'ducks in a row' naturally.

When I got home, Kelly was in the bathroom. I could hear water running and her attempting to sing. I dumped my mostly empty briefcase in the hallway, kicked off my shoes, loosened my tie and went into the lounge.

'Sweetheart, could you come up here?' Kelly called. It sounded like she was in the bathroom. I bounded up the stairs, always happy to see her in whatever state of undress she presented to me. I reached the first floor landing, tried the bathroom door and was mildly annoyed to find it locked. She never locked the door. I was about to ask her to open it when she told me to go into the bedroom. Mildly annoyed at being deprived at one of my favourite views in the world, I did as I was told. 

'Sit on the bed!' she called in. Our bed was positioned to the left of the door, facing the built-in wardrobe that had a full length mirror. I saw the light momentarily flooding into the hallway as she opened the bathroom door, before darkening again as she stepped through the doorway. She peered around, looking pink and flustered, having just got out of the shower. Her dark hair shoulder length was damp, loosely tied back in a ponytail. Her blue eyes sparkled with playfulness.

'Close your eyes...' 

I did as I was told.

I felt the bed dip as she climbed on behind me, something being pressed against my face, and tied secured at the back of my head. I felt two hands on my shoulders, forcing me backwards, lying down. I tried to open my eyes, but couldn't. Blindfolded.

'What are you doing?' I asked. Her reply was to put a finger on my lips.

The cold metal was wrapped around my wrist, and my arm pulled into the air and diagonally away from me. A quiet click and a clang. I shook my wrist, and was rewarded with nothing but the clinking of a chain, and a movement range of around 6 inches. Sudden pressure pushed down on my stomach as I assume she sat astride me and I felt my right arm being moved backwards and diagonally. Another metallic click, and I was trapped.

The pressure on my stomach suddenly lifted, and I got a whiff of perfume and shampoo. I lifted my head backwards, desperately trying to see out of the tiny slits of light at the bottom of my blindfold. I could see darkness and light, no colours, merely a moving silhouette as Kelly walked to the foot of the bed. I heard a soft whump that I guessed was her robe hitting the floor, and then the bed dipped again on both sides of me. I felt her move up my body until the dips were either side of my ribs, before light hit my eyes as she tore off the blindfold.

I blinked a couple of times, as my eyes re-adjusted to the brightness, and looked up at my wife, as she stood above me. Her shapely tanned calves became a pair of muscular thighs, toned from the half-marathon she was training for. She was wearing a miniscule pair of red panties, a matching red bra that clearly showed the outline of her nipples. She looked down at me in triumph, sweeping her hair back over her shoulders. 

'You're gorgeous!' I told her, smiling in appreciation.

'You're trapped!' she replied, and slowly sat down on my stomach. She removed my loosened tie, toying with it between her teeth before flinging it to one side. She tore my shirt off, buttons flying everywhere before spreading the thin cotton to either side of me, unable to remove it over the handcuffs She covered my chest in kisses, and gently teased my nipples, biting softly before moving up to kiss my neck. 

My neck is always the place that just about tips me over the edge and this was no different. Usually Kelly would kiss me once or twice, but this time, she stayed for a couple of minutes, kissing me from one side to the other and then back again. All I could do was lie there and squirm, my hands were trapped. All I wanted to do was throw her on her back, tear those tiny panties off and fuck her, hard and fast. I couldn't do a damned thing. 

She sat up, and looked at me, with an air of superiority before slowly turning around, facing my feet and giving me a close up view of her incredible ass. Her tiny panties tapered to a barely-there string than ran deep between her butt cheeks, hardly covering her tight little asshole. I stretched forward to kiss it, but she was out of reach. And she knew it. 

I felt my buckle being unfastened and removed. It wasn't flung to one side, though, she carefully rolled it up and put it in the corner of the bed. I heard my zipper being unzipped, the button on my trousers undone. She rolled her ass backwards as she stood up, bringing it close enough for me to brush it with a kiss before she dismounted from the bed, danced to my ankles and gently tugged my trousers over my hard cock, joined on the floor by my socks. All I had on now was a pair of boxers that barely contained my throbbing dick, and my shirt sleeves.

She kissed my feet, and then worked her way up me, a trail of kisses up my shins, my thighs, into my inner thighs before stopped where the elastic of my boxers was just about winning the struggle to keep my dick inside. Kelly looked at me, a dirty gleam in her eye that I've grown to know and love over the course of our marriage.

'I guess you want me to suck your cock?' she said in an innocent 'who, me?' voice, taking hold of my boxers and sliding a hand underneath to caress my balls.

'Oh, God yes!' I gasped., 

Her hand felt delicious, as did the air on my penis as my boxers came off. My cock sprang from its cotton prison, pointing at the ceiling, visibly throbbing. Her hand slipped from my balls and onto my cock, her head positioned over the shaft and she let a trail of saliva drip slowly from her mouth onto my crown. Keeping her eyes locked onto mine, she took my cock in her mouth and I squirmed in pleasure as I felt her swirl her tongue all over me, before she bobbed her head up and down a couple of times, taking me deeper each time. 

Her hand started to work from the bottom of the shaft, meeting her mouth halfway up. I groaned, starting to think I wasn't going to last too long. 

'Uncuff me so I can play with your pussy,' I told her.

She lifted her head and smirked. 'Nope,' she told me, before kissing my shaft from base to tip and back down. A string of saliva lead from my cock to her mouth, and it swayed with the movement, almost hypnotically. My cock disappeared into her mouth again, and she sucked hard, deep-throating me and almost sending me to the brink of Heaven.

'Anyway...' she released my dick with an audible pop and a meaty slap as it landed back on my stomach. She stood astride me again and slowly rolled her knickers down, flicking them aside with a practised kick. I looked up at her pussy, shaven and inviting. I could see the gleam of her juices already, and I just wanted to ravage it, to pump her as hard as I could until my cock exploded. 

I shook my arms and put on my most manly 'I must be obeyed!' voice. 'Uncuff me so I can fuck you! Please.'

She smiled down at me. 'You're right where I want you. And you can only fuck me when I say you can. While you're waiting...' she lowered her pussy to my face and squatted, facing my feet and holding herself barely an inch from my nose. 'You can lick me out, my darling.'

I thrust my head forward, thrusting my tongue into her gaping hole as far as I could. I slobbered all over her, mixing my spit in with her wetness, pushing my tongue onto her clit. She gasped and began to rock back and forth, rubbing clit onto my nose, her peachy soft skin working her juices over my mouth and chin. I shook my arms again, desperate to grab her hips and hold in place so I could tongue-fuck her properly, but to no avail. She suddenly adjusted her position, her silky thighs straddling my face and kissing my stomach. I felt her fingernails begin to lightly scratch up and down my legs, getting closer to my cock. Her breath caressed across my dick and in between working her clit, I begged her to suck me again. To take my cock in her mouth, to give me the relief I'd been deprived of, to let me cum. My cock throbbed in desperation, needing to be relieved and emptied.

She didn't answer. Her breathing became quicker as she started to work her hips harder, her clit frantically being mashed against my nose and tongue, harder and faster and harder and faster until she hit her orgasm, arching her back and screaming 'Yes!' as loud as she could. She slumped forward, before I could even attempt to tease her by licking her sensitive cunt again. 

After a couple of minutes, she sat up on the bed and looked at me. 

'How are you doing?'

'I'm fine,' I replied 'But I'd be even better if you would let me cum...'. My position gave me no grounds to demand a damned thing. She scooted slightly further away, reached behind her and removed her bra. It too was thrown across our bedroom, out of sight. She forced my legs apart and sat between my feet, still flushed across her tits from her orgasm, her legs across the top of my thighs. I saw her in all her beauty, her firm boobs with hard nipples that she began to play with, almost absent-mindedly. Her shaven pussy, pink and glistening. The thoughtful look on her face, edged with a sense of victory.

Her eyes settled on my cock, still hard, still needing to be satisfied. 'Well, I don't know,' she said. 'Do you deserve to cum?'

I nodded. 'Of course I do!'

'And where would you like to cum? My mouth? My pussy? My ass?'

My dick twitched, and she laughed. 'It moved when I said 'ass'!'

'I don't care where I cum, please let me out of these damned things and let me fuck you!' I said, shaking the cuffs to emphasise my point. 

She got off the bed. 'I need a drink,' she said, and left the bedroom. Left me stewing in my own horniness and desperation and utterly incapable of doing anything about it. As much as I loved my wife, there was a part of me -- a part of me that's around 6 inches long -- that was really starting to hate her.

Kelly re-appeared, holding a glass of water. She took a long deep mouthful, swilled it around before swallowing. She sighed in contentment. 'I've thought it over, and I think you can cum. And because I'm nice, you can even pick where.'

'Pussy!' I said, without a second's hesitation.

She nodded, wisely. 'Excellent. Now, I'd like you to fuck me from behind.'

I laughed, part borne out of frustration. 'How? I'm cuffed and can't move!'

She shrugged, and climbed off the bed. 'That's a real shame,' she told me. 'I really need something big in me.'

She went to her underwear drawer, pulled it open and removed a huge purple dildo. I'd never seen this one before and it was big. Huge. At least ten inches long, nice and thick. There was no way she could get that in. Was there?

She licked the top of it, seductively, smiling at me. 'If you can't fuck me, this can...'

She got back onto the bed, and pushed my legs apart. She turned her back on me, giving me a wonderful view of her smooth ass and the slightest glimpse of her pussy lips between her legs before leaning forward onto all fours, and reached back, holding the dildo.

I watched in silent awe as she slowly pushed it into her wet snatch, pulling it out slowly and pushing it back in. She took almost three quarters of it easily, the wet squelches sounding delicious, her perineum moving with each thrust. 

'Fuck me, this feels amazing!' she gasped as she fucked herself with the dildo, deeper with each movement. It didn't take long before her body racked with a second orgasm, clenching tightly around her rubber friend, and almost forcing it out of her cunt. She fell limply onto the bed and removed it with a whimper, leaving me with the view of her ass, her gaping pussy and juddering back and shoulders as she fought to catch her breath.

By this point, I was quite prepared to rip my own arms off to get at her. I'd just had my own live-action porn show, and all I wanted to do was get my cock into her pussy and fill it with my semen. I was lost for words, though. I'd never seen my wife being this brazen, being so dominating... and it was spellbinding.

She sat up, and got to her feet, a little unsteadily, and walked to the top of the bed. She took the dildo, still covered in her juices and offered it to me. I willingly licked the thing clean, loving her taste as I always did, and ignoring the distinct rubber taste underneath. 

In silence, she mounted the bed and slowly took my cock into her pussy. She slowly slid down the length, leaning back to avoid her clit having any unwanted contact. I didn't care, all I could think about at this point was the sweet relief I'd been craving. She slowly and gently fucked me, without saying a word. I managed to last around ten strokes before I started to feel my sperm bubbling up. My breathing quickened, and I prepared to unleash the biggest load of cum I could possibly muster.

Then she got off me, leaving my cock twitching, like a bomb with the countdown stuck on four. I opened my mouth to plead with her, to beg, to scream obscenities until the neighbours complained, until I was pacified by her wrapping her hand around me and masturbating me to fulfilment. Just as I was about to explode, she put her face down to my crown and I spurted, all over her cheeks, her nose and across her forehead.

Once I'd finished, she smiled at me. The dirty girl gleam in her eye was still there, enhanced by the sight of my spunk slowly dripping down her cheek and chin, onto her boobs. She licked a droplet from the top of her lip.

'Am I your dirty little slut?' she asked, a coquetteish tone to her voice.

'Fuck yes!' I whispered. 'You're my dirty little slut!'

She leaned forward and kissed me deeply. My own spunk began to drip onto me, and I didn't care one iota. All I knew was that I loved this woman more than I'd ever loved anyone else and I never wanted this moment to end.