 I had just gotten off my plane from Iraq. I served over a year there for my country. My sister Lilly was at the airport and greeted me with hugs and kisses.

"Glad to have you home again Ben," my sister told me.

"Good to be home sis. I've missed America," I told her.

"Hey Ben. Remember my best friend Pam?" Lilly asked me.

"Yeah. She moved away some years ago right?" I answered.

"Yeah...will, she's back in town and she's staying the weekend at my house with us. You don't mind do you?"

"Why should I? It's your home sis," I replied with a smile.

The last time my sister and I saw her best friend Pam, she was very skinny, had pale skin, wore glasses, had long dirty-blond hair, and had no figure. I wondered if she had changed at all, but my sister neglected to tell me anything about her.

Once we got to my sister's house, a very voluptuous woman stood outside. My eyes and jaw dropped to the car front. She wore a very tiny and thin blue shirt, with the words "Peek-a-Boo" stretched across her enormous mountain like breasts. You could see the bottom of her overly stretched sports bra peeking from underneath the shirt. Her tummy was flat. Her blue jean shorts were tight around her thick thighs and her legs looked long and smooth. Even her feet, encased in a pair of open-toe sandals, looked really hot. 

The woman had a huge grin on her golden tan face.

"There she is big bro. Pam," my sister told me.

"That's Pam!" I said in shock.

"Yeah. She has grown a lot since the last time we saw her," Lilly said.

"She sure has," I agreed.

"Remember when she used to be flat chested and didn't have a butt. Well now she's stacked with some large E cups and a fat juicy bubble butt. I've asked her if a lot of guys have been hitting that. She told me that she's still a virgin. That's she waiting for the right one," Lilly explained to me. Though, I stopped listening after she mentioned Pam's enormous E cups and juicy round ass.

I had gotten out of the car and Pam came bouncing her massive twin peaks at me. The sports bra did little to stop her tits from bouncing. Pam wrapped her arms around me and hugged me tightly. Her enormous breasts spread out across my chest and bulged from her sides.

"It's great to see you again," Pam whispered to me.

"It's really great to see the new you too," I told her.

"I knew you would like it," Pam whispered to me. "I've been saving all of this for you."

My cock began filling up the front of my jeans after Pam said that. I was at a lost for words and didn't know what to think.

Pam released me and the three of us walked into the house. We all sat in Lilly's living room and talked for what seemed like hours about our lives and the old days growing up.

"Man! I'm hungry. Are you guys hungry?" Lilly asked us.

"Yeah. I haven't eaten anything for hours," I said.

"I could use something to eat," Pam said.

"All right. I'm going to go grocery shopping and pick up some food. I'm going to make my favorite Pasta meal for you guys," Lilly said. "I'll be back in about an hour. I'll have to go up town to get the things I need for my Pasta."

"All right Lilly," I said.

Lilly left the house and as soon as her car pulled off from the driveway, Pam took a seat next to me and moved her hand over my enlarged crotch.

"Ohhhh! I bet you haven't had any in over a year," Pam mentioned to me.

I was nervous and didn't know what to say or think.

"I guess not," I said slyly.

Suddenly, I heard my zipper became unzipped.

"Pam...I don't know if we should," I said, being a total faggot obviously.

"Shhhh. Relax Ben. I'm going to give you what you've been missing since leaving America," Pam said in a sexual voice. 

I've never pictured the day Pam and I would be having sex until now. With her newly naturally grown E cups and round ass, Pam had came at the right time. And I was ready to cum when the time was right.

Pam massaged my harden cock through my boxers. She then moved one of her hands inside the slit opening of my boxers.

"Oh God!" Pam said gasping. "What an incredible piece of meat!"

Pam pulled out my 10-inch beast and stroked it from the base to the swollen cockhead. I moaned as Pam played with my cock. It's been a long time since a woman had touched or even seen my cock.

"Your sister thinks I'm a virgin... I am somewhat. I've never had intercourse, but I've given head before," Pam said, as her head lowered to my crotch and her warm wet mouth engulfed my dick. Her massive shirt-encased jugs squished and rested against my thigh.

"Hmmmm!" I moaned, as I held Pam's head at my crotch.

Her head started bobbing up and down in a normal pace. Her lips were getting closer to the base of my cock. Pam cupped my hairy balls with one hand and held the base of my huge cock in the other.

"I've never had a dick this big and yummy before," Pam moaned.

Pam slurped and sucked my cock for 10 minutes straight. My cock shinned in her saliva. She turned her attention to my balls and worked both of them with her long tongue. I stood up and released her mouth grip on my balls. I pulled my jeans and boxers off my feet and stood in front of her in just my socks and shirt. Pam went back to sucking my cock and balls. She was a pro at sucking dick. She had both my cock and sack, drenched in her saliva as she lifted her head from between my glistening thighs.

"I hope you like these. I grew them myself. Took a while though," Pam laughed, as she lifted her thin blue shirt over her head.

Her sports bra was stretched to the limits by her gigantic rack. The tops of her fluffy orbs were spilling over her bra. I reached out and squeezed her giant breasts through her sports bra. I grabbed the bottom of her sports bra and stretched outwards from her breasts and lifted it up over them. Her large E cups were bare in front of my eyes. They hung low at her chest and sloped out into huge bowling balls round ends, which rested above her navel. Her red areolas were huge and puffy and her cherry nipples were like the size of a mini-m&m.

I was mind boggled at the sight of her tits. Pam started unzipping her tight shorts. She bended down to pull her shorts off. Her enormous melons hung like cow udders and swayed back and forth like pendulous. Her round juicy ass stuck out from underneath her cotton panties.

Pam stood up and we hugged. Her big tits bulged across our chests, as we kissed. We suckled on each other's tongues and massaged each other's asses. My sister Lilly was right; Pam's ass was huge and juicy, as I gripped handfuls of her plump panty-clad ass. My big wet cock rubbed up against Pam's crotch and stomach.

The both of us sat back down on the couch and I buried my face between her luscious tits. I kissed, licked, and sucked the cleavage between her breasts. I lapped my tongue against the sides of her breasts that formed the cleavage. I cupped handfuls of her monstrous knockers and weighted them. I had big hands and her big tits dwarfed them. I still couldn't believe the sheer size of her breasts.

I opened my mouth wide and stuck half of the front of her juicy left tit between my lips. I sucked and slurped on her left tit, while I squeezed and bounced her right tit in my hand. My tongue lashed against her large puffy areola and small nipple. I let her left tit pop out of my mouth, drenched in my saliva. The tit swayed and bounces against her chest, as I took her right tit between my lips and did the same to that one.

I squeezed both of her huge tits together and savagely sucked at both tits. I alternated from nipple to nipple and then pressed both of her nipples together and sucked on both of them at the same time. I stretched her chewy nipples between my lips as I sucked on them. My hands gripped as best as they could around her meaty flesh, making them form cone shapes, as I sucked long and hard on her nipples.

Pam's body trembled under my sucking. She moaned non-stop and I could smell her pussy juices leaking down her thighs and legs. I licked and sucked her breasts all over for a finale time. Pam had her first orgasm and creamed her panties.

I released her saliva-soaked breasts from my hands and grabbed the top of her wet panties. I pulled them down over her bare feet and saw her hairy bush, soaked in her creamy juices. I kissed her thick, soak thighs and then planted my mouth upon her cunt. I began to suck and slurp at her cunt. Pam moaned and howled, as I ate her pussy viciously. Her wet pubes brushed and tickled my face, as I drilled my tongue deep into her pussy's core.

Pam trashed her body on the couch, as my pussy eating got more intense. I sucked and nibbled on her large clitoris. Pam's whole body was in an orgasmic state. She arched her back and fed me more of her delicious pussy. I felt Pam's feet enclose around my extremely hard cock and she began jerking my cock between the arches of her feet. The heels of her feet constantly rubbed up and down against my balls. Pam started cumming, as I continued to eat her pussy. 

"Ohhhhh FUCK! BEN! EAT ME! OH GOD! FUCKING EAT ME!" yelled Pam, as she cupped her huge tits and squeezed them.

I followed Pam's cum leaking to the crack of her juicy ass. I lifted her ass up off the couch and spread her ass cheeks apart. I began to suck on her asshole and drill my tongue deep inside her anus. I've never eaten out a woman's ass before but Pam's huge ass deserved to be tasted.

Pam's legs were high in the air now and her toes curled, as my mouth and tongue continued to assault her anus. I buried my face between her large cheeks and felt Pam's pussy gushing out from cum from her orgasm she had just gotten.

"Fuck me now Ben! Please fuck me!" begged Pam.

I tasted her asshole one last time and removed my head from between her sweet cheeks. I started slapping her large cheeks and watched them ripple and jiggle. I left my handprints on her round bottom.

I stood between Pam's legs and thrusted my hard cock inside her wet snatch. I hovered my body over Pam's and her legs wrapped around my waist. The heels of her feet bounced off my ass cheeks, as I thrusted and pounded her pussy hard.

Pam had her eyes closed and started breathing hard and heavy underneath me. I couldn't keep my eyes off her huge knockers, as they started flopping up and down on her chest as I pounded her pussy. I cupped her tits and started sucking on them. I scooped one huge tit up in my mouth and released it. I watched as it bounced up and down against her chest. I did the same to her other tit and just watched my saliva fly across her chest, as it splashed off her wobbling jugs.

I pulled my cock from Pam's swollen cunt and turned her on all fours. I thrusted my cock back inside her pussy and fucked her hard and long from behind. Her huge ass bounced off my crotch, as my cock pounded her pussy. I leaned my sweaty chest into her equally sweaty back and listened to the sounds of her moaning and my dick plunging in and out of her sweet cunt. Her mammoth sweaty tits swung up and down beneath her violently and started clashing into each other. They made the hottest slapping sounds I've never heard tits do. That was just too much for me to handle.

As soon as Pam started cumming, my cock unloaded a year's worth of built up cum between her pussy walls. Our cum mixed and trailed down both our thighs and legs. I continued to thrust my cum-spurting cock into her creamy cunt until her cunt milked my cock and balls dry.

We lied on the couch, still sweaty and hot from the sex.

"That was good. Real good," I told Pam.

"Thanks. I wanted my first time to be with someone special and you are special to me Ben," Pam replied.

Pam and I started kissing and we heard a bag of items drop in the living room. We looked up and saw my sister staring at us. Pam and I looked at each other and knew we were busted...