 I was happy to take up an invitation from Jan who was one of the women attending the hen party I have written about before. 

One of the women I remember who ardently sucked me, to the extent that others waiting were getting somewhat impatient.

"Fuck this" Jan retorted after being pushed and shoved and almost physically pulled away from what she was enjoying; the sound of it popping from her mouth grip as finally she conceded and left my erection wavering about like the big dipper. But only for a few seconds because, sure enough, another girl took it into her warm mouth and instantly I felt the delight of a new oral explorer, all a little different in their way, the method they sucked, the way they moved it in their mouths and the way they held it, some squeezing, some stretching it back so they could sample the red end.

Anyway there I was, at Jan's place, curtains closed in the lounge and me spread naked legs apart on her settee. 

"Do you mind if we do it down here because I feel awkward about doing it upstairs. Pete"

"Why Jan" I asked.

"Well because it is the bed I share with my partner who just doesn't excite me any more, that's why I took up the invitation from a friend to attend a hen party we called 'the cock suckers 20.'"

I was impressed, that my troupe of five guys got the venue to attend this hen party, thinking it would be a strip down to the briefs display only, but then the girls soon made it plain that they wanted more I was happy to go along with it.



"But don't get the wrong idea Pete, we wouldn't go with any guy like that, it has to be someone we fancy, good looking like you."

"But how could you tell when us five guys were wearing masks?" I queried

"The body says it all" she said, and yours did for me, so well defined and beautifully structured."

"Thank you" I said.

"Now just shut up for a while and let me enjoy" she whispered in her very husky voice and I was soon taken up with the renewed joys I'd received at the hen party.

I found myself sympathising with some of those women, woman like Lorraine I mentioned in my last story, woman who no longer enjoyed the quality of satisfying sex with their partners, who needed to resort top the likes of guys like me who provided the service.

That's what made it better doing what I did, like I was playing the field but it was much more than that, and just looking down at Jan, knelt there between my legs on the carpet, thoroughly enjoying the joys of carnal sex I felt happy and good and really comfortable about it. The feel of her sucking was exquisite and feeling her tease and touch me down under as she sucked me nice and freely, those gently nodding movements which made it so divine for me.

Yes I was providing an essential service, no doubt about that!

I felt like a king, an Adonis of sosrts, just relaxing and not doing a thing as she ravished me with warm succulent tingles and teases, her tongue starting to work tantalisingly over my p-hole which felt out of this world, having it wrapped in her tongue like that.

And she so enjoyed balling me too, I could tell by her moans of absolute excitement as her small hands cupped me, gently scratched me underneath, then lifting them with my upright erection still deep inside her busy mouth, to push it upwards more, I could feel the throb in my groin as she did that, it was different again to how Lorraine took me, that is what is so exciting and thrilling about spreading it around to those who really appreciated the need for hot cock, I was certainly that, harnessed and ringed to delay ejaculation until she was ready. She said; so many times she had been disappointed by early ejaculation. She asked me if I would mind wearing the harness, which she confirmed, was bought at Ann Summers just for me and not her partner, that it wouldn't feel right if she had used it with him.

I loved being enjoyed by a woman of experience, the way she attached the harness to me, the aperture in the crotch piece that kept my cock to the fore and my balls expelled for her pleasure.

It was delightful to see her attach the ring around the girth of my now throbbing cock, she simply loved it and when all was done, and the harness in place,she enjoyed teasing my ass cheeks, nudging and feeling and a little firm slapping which was a wonderfully stimulating experience to be sure.

I could be anything for Jan I really could, even if she wanted to use a strap-on with me I would be willing, because that is the way she made me feel with her, it was all good quality stuff

But if I had any doubts about ejaculating when she was doing things to me I needn't have worried, because later she showed me that she enjoyed the spray of hot cum shoot all over her as she mouth fucked me to a pitch that when she released the ring as the base of my thick cock, and I shot my load so fervently spurting like Mount Etna over her face, everywhere - and she loved it, wanked me asking for more, more and more! Then taking me into her warm mouth again, deeper this time, and still I was dripping, her face glistening in the light. I wanted to see her now as she lifted herself up a bit to undo her black laced bra and reveal a really gorgeous firm cleavage, a sheer delight for a woman of forty-ish and I soon realised, when she grasped each one, what she was about, and just feeling my cock being delightfully squeezed between them soon made me recover from half mast to its full glory again as she gasped with delight, bent her head down enough to reach the head perched up awaiting for the feel of her renewed deep suck.

It soon came again, that certain feeling - it was almost that it belonged there - that so wonderful sensation as she deep sucked, amazingly she taking a full length seven inch thick cock right up to the girth was really something, but the feeling was beyond anything I could explain, except that it was utterly wonderful.

Again there she was, she was a compete goner I could see that, and the wonderful feelings and sensations she was giving me as her tongue started to work on me again, now my balls being squeezed between her bosom as she sucked harder and harder. Eyed half open, half closed her head was jolting back and forward, I saw her hand go down between her crotch and mine followed to get the feel of her warm and very set so pliable and ready for fucking pussy. And Wow! Was she ready! - She had worked herself to such a pitch that she had to have it there and then. 

"Fuck me, Fuck" me she yelled again and again and somehow from being sucked ardently for so long my cock was guided to another place, for another sort of fucking and there she was, legs wide apart and her sweet pussy dying for it.

I fucked her just as hard as I could and she loved every minute guiding my head between her thighs afterwards to taste her sweet fresh fucked succulent pussy. She congratulated me afterwards - asked if she could make a regular date, say every Wednesday, so she was my Wednesday woman.

But come Thursday, well that will be my next story see you!