 My home visits of a very exclusive and particular kind are forever a learning curse regarding the attributes of those very passionate starved ladies out there, particularly those who attended the Hen Party which me and my troupe emulating the chipmunks, attended.

I was inundated for private sessions and the general excuse was that it was fine doing it at the hen party, when the atmosphere was sizzling and as Lorraine remarked, cocks were in plenty, just what a good woman needs to stimulate the passion vibes. But it could never ever be the same as a jolly good old fashioned one to one when a bloke and a woman can get together without the nudging of those others watching wanting their turn at sucking the cock.

Of course it was lovely and I am not complaining, all those women sampling my tackle, all so very differently too, the way they sucked, the way they balled me and everything else that goes with the art of oral sex.

Anyway to cut a long story short now you will all be eager to follow the next episode, this one being with Louise who asked me, for reasons private to herself (I guess she was in a relationship or something, assuming maybe the sex part was not up to standard with her partner) to meet her in her holiday caravan, the one she used for going on holidays hitched to the car.

She said we would be nice and private in there without any interruptions and it would be divine just to have me all to herself, because she so much enjoyed what she did to me at the Hen Party that she would like to do it all over again, but without the interruptions.

I thought she was teasing me when she said my cock was made for love but I soon discovered she was serious and it wasn't long before we were tucked away in the caravan and she was showing me her wears, or rather her un-wears! To say that for a woman of forty (ish) she looked perky and sensual in every way, not only because of that fine slim curvy figure, garnished in black silk stocking, red suspenders and a thong and Bras to match, but her whole ambience spelled out sex, come and get me. But I was soon to realise that she would get me first, she breathed that she just couldn't wait to taste me in her throat again and then I remembered just how she was the deepest cock sucker at the party, I guess she had loads of experience behind her because she knew exactly how to hold onto it with her tight mouth, cheeks bulging and let go for air at the right time and then gulping my full cock down again with all the zest and passion and joy anyone could want.

And soon there I was being all cock for her once more, but this time in the confines of her caravan, standing there with my legs duly parted, her on her knees between them and taking every opportunity to make good of the opportunity and soon the feel of her warm mouth over my apparatus was absolutely divine and soothing to say the least.

She said for me not to do anything at that stage, simply to be there for her, my red briefs duly pulled down to my knees as she sniffed me, whispering she loved the scent of sex, her tongue busily licking my firm hanging balls which she said she adored and her fingertips cupping them with the gentlest of squeezes, just to get the feel of a good man she said was really terrific and for the next half hour, yes half hour! I just stood there as she enjoyed me from every angle, exploring and discovering how it was this was, and then that way, feeling her eagerness in her finger tips as she clasped my buttock with every deep suck and I guess I have never ever been as hard for a woman as I was for Louise. She was magnificent in approach and method and knew just how to stimulate her guy, and I was the lucky sod to enjoy her unlimited passion. For a while I was beginning to think that is all she wanted, just to suck my cock to herb heart's content, so if she could take the strain and manage the result then I was game.

I gave her the signal with the glance of eyes and movement of lips that I was near to it, but she just looked back in a way that told me she wanted for me to go all the way and so she was going to get it, full in her face or wherever she wanted it, because I would soon be at the stage of no return, and as she plied my throbbing cock tight with her finger tips clamped around the girth I realised that she was choosing the time when to release her grasp and expel the spurt which would cum so strong.

It was all so very perfect with Louise and when at last she released that grasp I felt my whole body was erupting into a magnificent mount Etna like fury, her mouth sucking one to the dozen to take as much as she could and swallow, yelling "feed me, feed me!" and even after that, she wanted more as she stiffly wanked me, knowing just the right way to jerk and move it for maximum effect and then she was licking up the full length of my still pulsing cock like there was no tomorrow, loving every little bit as I felt the touch of her tongue still busy afterwards teasing along that sensitive part between balls and asshole, and then the feel of that tongue rimming me there.

"You are divine" she whispered afterwards and I wondered if she was ready for fucking. But she said that she had already reached two orgasms and that was fine thank you and I realised this woman was quite happy without the full works, but it didn't matter as far as I was concerned because I had been well satisfied.

Afterwards in the cool of our chilling I commented just what enticed her to go for the full oral at the party. She replied that she thought she was one of those persons not into that, like most women who like the romance and emotional thing beforehand, as far as she was concerned and she suspected like many other working women these days, romance had gone out of the window and in order to repel the stresses and strains of modern life, many woman needed that outlet.

"So you can be my outlet if you like Pete then I shan't have to attend those hen nights when I have all I need in you. You are very well endowed besides being a very nice guy and that is what I like, no strings attached of course - except the binds I may like to use on you from time to time" she laughed and my imagination was boggling thinking just how good that would be, being bound up for Louise and for her to take full advantage of me.

So it turned out I had another regular service in my appointments book and I was doing very well thank you, both financially and having my oats, what do they say about finding work you enjoy and get paid for it?