 This is a story made up of multiple criteria. I do warn that I have written about non traditional sexual practices. 

As always I write, looking for feedback. I appreciate all comments, good or bad. Thanks for the support!

********************

She woke up that morning, alone. It was typical. He was out the door every morning by six. Not being a morning person, Dani usually woke dreamily to a kiss from him, and watched him walk out the bedroom door. Occasionally, she would wake up to soft kisses and the brush of fingertips, leading to hushed moans and whimpers before he slipped off into the dawn. 

Jack surprised her. He knew her better than she knew herself. He captured her mind long before he captured her heart. In the beginning, there were conversations lasting all night, well into the early hours of the morning. Later, the conversations turned into nights of extreme passion, that turned into days, only to follow into the next night. There were weekends spent entirely in bed, but not entirely spent making love. Jack awakened something inside Dani that had been long hidden away. 

After Dani moved into Jack's place, they fell into a comfortable routine. There was romance and passion, and a life that Dani had thought was only in fairytales she had heard as a child. There was love, and commitment and a desire to always make the other person smile. Admittedly, their sex life tended to be something that even the best of porn stars would have been jealous of. There was an openness between the couple and a willingness to try almost anything, which undoubtedly ended in supreme satisfaction for both parties.

The slamming of the front door made Dani jump. It was far to early for Jack to be home. Dani didn't even have time to turn around before a hand roughly covered her mouth, a body pressing to her back. Her body trembled, terrified.

"Not a word."

She smiled and calmed at the sound of the familiar voice. She could smell Jack's aftershave as his lips grazed the back of her neck. His hand slid from her mouth to her hand, taking it in his and spinning her to face him. His hand gripped her waist pushing her to the wall, his body pressed against her.

"Don't say anything."

Her eyes flew wide as his mouth devoured hers, his tongue pushing past the sweet, softness of her lips. Jack dove into the taste of mint, losing himself in the sensation of her kiss. His hands toured her body, feeling fabric and flesh beneath his roughened fingertips, catching the hem of her skirt, lifting to feel the softness off her thighs. He lifted her, her legs enveloping his waist, locking him into place between them. 

Dani cried out as his lips found a stiffened nipple beneath her thin tank. His hand flew to her mouth again, muffling her moans.

"I said not a word, and I meant it."

Jack pulled her body away from the wall, his eyes reaching her gaze. The tremble returned to Dani's body as she saw the menacing look in Jack's eyes. Her legs tightened around him, as he dropped them both to the floor, pinning her beneath his weight. His hands gripped at the tank, ripping the fabric away from her body. He watched her breasts move with her every breath, her breathing getting heavier as he raked his hands down her sides, gripping the bunched fabric of her skirt, balling it into his fist. 

In one, swift motion, Jack released himself from his confines. As Dani reached to feel him, he gripped her wrists, slamming them to the floor, above her. With her wrists pinned, her tank torn to pieces next to her, and her skirt around her waist, Jack drove himself into her with immense force. His lips muffled Dani's scream of shock. Jack gripped her waist, feeling all of her, losing himself in her warmth, her wetness, the scent of lavender on her skin.

She was so easy to get lost in, her skin so soft and welcoming, so easy for his lips to graze, for his tongue to taste, she yielded to him so easily, they fit together like a glove, she opened up to him, and trusted him. He sank into her, over and over, releasing her arms, embracing her. His mouth, again exploring her breasts, taking in the flavor and the scent of her skin, while moans escaped her lips. He no longer cared that she was practically screaming. He wanted to know that it was he, and only he, that could make her cry out in ecstacy. He took her brutally, ravaging her body, biting her flesh, driving her harder and harder, ignoring the pleasured screams, the nails raking down his back, the quivering of her legs around him.

Dani's nails grasped at the carpet beneath her, praying for the final release, praying to feel him deep within her. Her mind began to shut down. She could do nothing but feel as he took full advantage of her. Her screams turned to mindless whimpering, as she lost control of herself, lost herself to him.

He felt her release, watched as her body arched, shook, could feel the heat explode from within her. Jack buried himself into her one last time, releasing all that he had into her, biting down onto her shoulder, shaking with her. 

He collapsed on top of her. He rolled so as not to crush her, bringing her on top of him, brushing her hair from her face, stroking her back. He glanced down at the disheveled mess they had become, and laughed. He said not a word, as Dani's breathing returned to its normal pace, instead he stood up, wrapping her up in his arms and carried her to their bedroom.

Dani awoke, some time later, still wrapped in Jack's arms. The warmth of him soothed her, relaxed her. She could feel his heart beat, as he sleep soundlessly beside her. She looked at him, admiring the strong line of his jaw, the darkness of his skin from days in the sun, the hardness of his body from summers of hard labor. She traced her fingertips along the chain that hung around his neck. She clung to him, taking in his scent, tentatively kissing his neck and his shoulder.

He moved in his sleep, releasing a soft moan as he turned to lay on his back. Dani laughed to herself, as the sheets settled, barely covering his very apparent hardness. She sat up, her fingers making patterns on his skin. She listened as his breathing became unsteady. She leaned over, gently kissing his lips, his neck, making her way down his torso, taking extreme care not to wake him yet. She paused at the satin barrier, not ready to remove the sheet to reveal him. She slid down, resting atop the sheet just above Jack's knees. She watched as a dreamy smile crossed his face, while her fingers dragged the satin sheet down to rest on his hips. She couldn't resist. 

Jack's eyes flew open. Her mouth was warm compared to the cool satin that was just surrounding him. He groaned, giving away the fact that he was now wide awake, and completely under the spell of Dani's ministrations. She was always soft and gentle in the beginning, loving to tease, to cause anticipation, to build him up just til he was about to break, wearing him down little by little. Today was certainly not one of those days. She started gently, ensuring his hardness, but there was no slow build up, no anticipation. 

She dove, taking him completely into her, her nose pressing against him. She moaned around him when his hands wove their way into the length of her dark hair, gripping it, tangling it between his fingers. Her fingers raked his thighs, her lips surrounding him like a vacuum, egging him on, feeling his blood course through him. Dani tasted him, intoxicated by it, increasing her vigor. She licked his length, looking at him with sky blue eyes, before plunging him back into her mouth. She was mesmerized by him, couldn't get enough of him, craved him. She lived and breathed the emotion he caused her to feel, she was weak to him, loved to see the look of pure pleasure on his face as he came.

"No."

Dani stopped and stared in disbelief. She removed her mouth from his obviously aching hardness. 

"What do you mean no?" she asked indignantly.

Jack looked at her and simply smiled. He sat up, wrapped his arms around her, his mouth latching on to hers, gently nipping at her bottom lip, tracing it with his tongue.

"Oh really?" Dani looked into his deep, dark eyes, full of desire, want, and need.

"Yes, really." He paused as he rolled her over on her back, resting on top of her. "But we're going to do it my way." 

"I thought that earlier was your way," she stated flatly.

He grinned and shook his head. His fingers grazed her cheek bone, sweeping a brunette tendril out of her eyes. He took note of the freckles that speckled her nose and cheeks, the yellow sunburst in her blue eyes, the way her lips pouted ever so slightly, begging to be kissed. 

He was soft and gentle and caring. His lips touched hers like a feather, just a teasing caress. He deepened the kiss, the emotion fluid between them. Slow and sensual, their tongues met, sending a jolt through them both. Jack's hands began to wander, exploring Dani's tender and warm skin. His mouth began to follow a similar path, lingering on the swell of her breasts, lapping gently at Dani's stiffened nipples. He adored her, made her feel alive. 

Her skin felt as though it were on fire beneath his fingertips. She shivered as his tongue trailed across her flat stomach, his hand pressing against her folds. She whimpered as his lips replaced his hand. Dani twisted on the bed, gripping the sheets when Jack pinned the little bundle of nerves between his lips, sucking softly, and flicking it with his sharpened tongue. Her legs tensed around him as he pushed her closer and closer to the edge. She whimpered and begged, pleading for release. 

When he knew she could take no more, he slid into her, allowing her to float far away from the walls of their bedroom. He took her slowly, drawing it out for her as long as he could. She still trembled beneath him as she returned from her orgasm. Her hips moved beneath him, matching his rhythm, her legs pulling him deeper. His lips found hers, taking her breath away.

"Please."

It was one simple word, and yet Dani knew what he wanted. She stood with him, and made not a sound as he bent her over their bed. She cried softly as he entered the one place he knew was his, and only his. No other man ever had or ever would have this part of her. This was his and his alone. He bit down into her shoulder as he filled her. He stood there, listening to her beg for it, knowing he was the sole creator of this need in her. He smiled as he looked down at himself nestled between two tan globes of flesh. 

She screamed as his hand came down upon her and he thrust into her again and again, violating her. Her fingers flew between her legs, working furiously as she pushed herself against him. His hands dug into her hips pulling her onto him, forcing himself as deep as he could go, relishing the feel of her tight ass surrounding him. The sound of her crying was drowned out by the feeling of her milking him, the rush of his own orgasm. He vaguely heard her cursing obscenely as he filled her.

He removed himself from her and she collapsed on the bed. He saw her tear stained cheeks, and the sheen of sweat on her body. He'd have been concerned, if not for the smile of pure happiness on her face.

"That good?" he asked.

Dani stretched before curling up on her side of the bed. "No," she said calmly, "it was so much better." Jack curled up next to her, pulling the cool satin over them. 

"Rest," he said as her eyes fluttered shut, "because I'm very far from done with you."