 "Finally he's here." She trembled as she watched him walk towards her. Her stomach was in knots, her heart pounding as she looked into his eyes and felt his skin under hers she realized that this wasn't a dream, he actually came home to her. She wrapped her arms around him, sighing and secretly smiling to herself. She inhaled his scent God how she waited to feel him next to her again. As they pulled away from each other she wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled his mouth to hers and kissed him softly. Quietly she said, "Let's go." 

On the way back to the house, they made small talk, each anticipating what would come later. She secretly prayed to herself, "Lord help me through this night." When they reached the house they went inside, he started to unpack and she started dinner. As she cooked, she let her mind wander and didn't hear him when he came into the kitchen. He walked up behind her and slipped his arms around her waist, leaning down to lay a soft kiss on her neck. A shiver ran up her spine and she slowly turned around, smiled and said, "I'm glad you're home."

After dinner they both sat there just staring at each other, smiling, talking, and laughing together once again. As the night drew on, they finally made their way to the bedroom. She went to the bathroom to calm her nerves and to get ready for him, she put on a white satin nightgown that just skimmed the tops of her thighs, and a white thong. When she came back into the bedroom he had lit the candles, and was laying on the bed waiting for her. When she got closer to the bed he told her how beautiful and sexy she was. She laid down on the bed next to him on her side to face him, he ran his fingers up and down her arm and gazing into her eyes. Slowly he leaned forward kissing her softly and rolling her onto her back. He moved on top of her kissing her more passionately then ever. As they broke from the kiss she softly bit his lower lip. He slipped the thin straps of her nightie off her shoulders softly kissing her neck and shoulders, slowly moving down to the top of her breast. He ran his thumb across her nipples making them hard. She softly moaned as his hand continued to caress her breast, pulling her nightie down his softly kissed and licked his way to her nipple slowly drawing it into his mouth. She moaned louder, arched her back and wrapped her fingers into his hair. He moved one of his hands down her body softly running his hand down to her thigh and under her nightie. He slipped the nightie up and off her and ran his eyes down her body, then slowly started sucking on her other nipple gently pulling on it with his teeth. Moving back to the other nipple pulling on it with his teeth also. He slowly moved down her body laying soft kisses on every spot of her stomach as he could. She inhaled deeply and dug her nails into his shoulders. 

He slowly took off her thong, then spread her legs, and kissed and softly bit the insides of her thighs. Her breath caught when she felt his teeth on her thigh, her hands gripped the side of the bed and she moaned out his name. He slowly slid his tongue all around her outer lips teasing her. He spread her lips then flicked his tongue over her clit, making her breath catch, then he wrapped his mouth around her clit softly sucking on it, making her wetter and wetter. She twisted her hands in the sheets on the bed, and cried out with a moan. He buried his tongue in her pussy making her cum. He sat back and watched her come down from her orgasm. Just before she came completely down from her orgasm he buried the head of his hard throbbing cock inside her. Her eyes flew open and a strangled moan escaped her lips. When he felt her walls loosen around the head of his cock he slowly pushed himself deeper into her, feeling her walls tighten around his cock. As he slowly thrust himself into her, he felt her body building back up for another orgasm, he leaned forward and whispered into her ear, "Not yet angel." He pulled his cock out of her and told her, " I want you to suck my cock, clean all your juices off me." He moved away from her and leaned back against the headboard, she moved in between his legs, and slowly starting licking up his cock. Then she took him into her mouth, taking his cock deep into her throat letting out a small moan as the head hit the back of her throat. As she moved her mouth up and down his cock, he wrapped his hands in her hair tugging on it gently and guiding her up and down his cock. She pulled his cock from her mouth and slowly twirled her tongue around the head. 

He told her to stop then, and told her to get on his cock and ride it. As she slowly lowered herself onto his cock, he grabbed her hips digging his fingers into her hips. She slowly started riding him, getting used to his size buried deep inside of her again. She started riding him faster and harder as the orgasm built inside her again. As she exploded over him she leaned forward spent from the built up tension from not being able to release the orgasm.

He laid her across the bed with her head hanging off the side, lifting one of her legs onto his shoulder and started thrusting his cock harder and harder into her. Before long she told him she was going to cum again, and that he needed to cum with her. As he thrust harder and deeper into her, he felt her cum all over him again and with that exploded deep inside her. 

As they both lay on the bed spent, she started thinking about fucking him again in the shower, but that's another story....................