 It was dark outside as he made his way across the patio towards the window where, what little light there was, filtered through from the lounge to leave its dulled glow on the wet patio paving.

He had feared this moment for his entire journey home and though he hadn't found any cause for that fear when he'd pulled up outside the cottage five minutes ago he still felt a very real nagging doubt, one that had seen him draw breath before taking the first step towards the cottage...his cottage.

For months now, his wife had been teasing him about what she'd been getting up to with her son in law Andy. 

Initially he had shrugged it all off as her way of winding up...a way of her getting him to feel jealous, and yes, maybe her way of making him more responsive to her needs, more attentive...but more and more of late little things she'd been saying, little things she'd hinted at or done had started to strike a chord and somewhere in the depths of his mind, doubt had slowly but surely crept in and he'd started to wonder...

Now, instead of making his way into the cottage, here he was stood in the middle of his own patio, apprehensive about what he might find.

He looked tentatively towards the window once more. It was as if a part of him didn't want to look, to face the truth...but he knew he had to. He took yet another step towards the window. 

It was a Thursday evening, twenty four hours earlier than he would normally have come home so he was confident Lin wouldn't be expecting him. Indeed, that was the whole purpose he was here. He hadn't wanted her to expect him...he'd decided if anything was going on, he wanted to catch her out...or at least so he'd thought. But as he stood there looking towards the light coming through from the lounge, he knew there was a part of him that really didn't want to know...

He looked down at his hands, they were shaking...God he was so nervous. It was ridiculous...this was his home and yet... here he was...so on edge.

Again his eyes were drawn to the window where he saw the small top opening was slightly open, though from where he was stood he wasn't able to make out any voices.

He took a deep breath and two more steps towards the window, careful he was quiet. 

The curtains were only partly drawn. He peered in through the glass and felt himself exhale. The feeling of relief was tangible for there on the sofa sat his wife Lin and she was alone!!

Suddenly he felt foolish...foolish to have doubted her, yet nonetheless he felt a great relief that she was alone.

He drew in a another deep breath and let it out slowly but it was then as he was looking her up and down, he noticed how she was dressed. 

She was wearing a very sexy, body hugging, lilac coloured cardigan the top few buttons of which he noted were undone. Below this she wore a short beige miniskirt, not altogether remarkable except this wasn't an outfit she would usually wear. In fact it was the kind of attire she often wore for his benefit on a Friday when he came home.

He continued to look down and his eyes ran the length of her legs...Stockinged legs, and suddenly he felt those butterflies return, the ones he'd had on his long journey down. Something wasn't quite right here...something didn't ring true...

He was still mulling this thought over in his mind and contemplating the idea of going inside when the lounge door swung open. 

He stepped back, startled...he hadn't been expecting it and almost at once that sick feeling inside returned when he saw who had just entered the room...Andy...

He stepped back, as if just by being there would cause Andy to turn and look out of the window, but it was soon all too clear, looking out of windows was the last thing on Andy's mind.

He watched as his son in law joined his sexy wife on the sofa and was immediately aware how close, how comfortable together the two of them appeared.

He saw Lin reach for her glass of wine on the table. She took a long sip and said something to Andy. He wasn't able to hear what it was she'd said, but it soon became apparent when she got off the sofa and, taking her glass with her, made her way out of the room.

He guessed she was off to the kitchen for a refil.. He looked along the patio in the general direction of the kitchen and sure enough a few moments later the kitchen light came on. 

For the briefest of moments he was so tempted to go in. Maybe if he made his entrance now it would put paid to the evening...for Andy at least...

He knew that's what he should have done but his feet wouldn't respond to the commands his brain was sending out. Instead he stood there rooted to the spot, looking from kitchen to lounge...from his son in law to his wife

The kitchen light went off and sure enough a few moments later he watched as once more the lounge door swung open and Lin walked back in...He saw his sexy wife bend over and place her now full glass back onto the table. She stood, and as if aware that Andy was watching her every move, she made a point of adjusting her top, smoothing the fabric down over her breasts as if to emphasise them, done in that sensual way only she, and women like her seemed capable of doing...It had always turned him on to watch her doing that, now here she was doing it not for him but for Andy, her son in law.

Andy too had been watching and with Lin still standing he got to his feet. He stood in front of her, slipping his hands easily onto her waist as if it were the most natural thing in the world. Outside he watched as his son in law leant forward and started to kiss his wife...

He clenched his fists...He couldn't believe it...Not once did she try and push him away or try to prevent him...quite the opposite for she now had one arm on his waist the other around his neck and had tilted her head to one side where he could see her tongue flicking out in mid air to meet Andys...He felt numb, it was like he were watching someone else... another, unknown couple...

Moments later Lin stepped away. She sat back down on the sofa where she was joined once more by Andy...

He stood there waiting...watching...wondering what was going to come next? He didn't have long to wait...

Lin sat back on the sofa aware Andy was still looking at her breasts, pleased that he liked them so much. She had her eyes open and was looking down at his hand as he reached out and slid his fingers over her top...over her rounded breast. She moaned quietly...God how she loved his touch...how she loved him doing this to her.

She closed her eyes and laid further back into the sofa letting her thoughts wander...

Andy had told her earlier how it was now a year since they'd been having fun together. She remembered that first time...the first time something had happened. It had been no more than a snog...a case of hands caressing one another's bodies...and to this day she was never sure quite what had sparked it off...

Of course since then she'd learnt of Andys passion for her...how he had fancied her from the first day they had met. In turn she'd admitted to him that she too had had thoughts about him...thoughts she should never have had, especially now that he was her son in law...Of course then he had just been her daughters boyfriend...but that hadn't stopped Lin from wanting him even then.

Her moans grew a little louder as Andy's hand and fingers pleasured her tits some more as they teased back and forth over her top... 

She found herself wondering how many times had he done this to her? She had no idea, all she knew was he seemed to have perfected a way of pleasuring her like this that her hubby came nowhere close to...

She couldn't help but think of her hubby and how much she enjoyed winding him up. She didn't know how much of it he really believed but then she didn't really care. All that mattered was Andy was a part of her life now and no matter what hubby thought, she intended for it to stay that way...

She felt him take her swollen, unseen nipple between his thumb and finger... she felt him squeeze...lightly at first, then harder...much harder til it hurt...but other than to moan more loudly, she made no move to object...She liked a bit of pain with her pleasure, especially when it was from Andy...

She loved him being rough...she loved the idea of him touching her body this way...it was a part of what she enjoyed... and unlike their usual meets, tonight there was no reason for them to rush. Her hubby wasn't back til tomorrow and as far as Simone was aware, Andy was out for a drink with his mates... He'd get a taxi back later...sometime after eleven... but that was later and until then he was hers to enjoy however she wanted...and Lin had every intention of making sure he'd want to come back for more.

Andy too seemed altogether more relaxed as if realising tonight there was no need to rush...He made no move to peel open her top...for now he was content to tease her nipples til they were hard enough to poke their way upwards...up against her soft sexy top. He enjoyed seeing how aroused he could get her and her nipples looking so hard and erect beneath her soft top was a definite indication she was growing very aroused.

Lin of course had no idea she was being watched...No idea her jealous hubby was no more than feet away outside...If she had known the chances are she would still have continued...In fact the chances are she would have revelled in knowing he was suffering...

Outside he watched as Andy leant closer, pressing his lips over Lin's as his hand continued to massage and pet at her breasts...though as the kiss grew in intensity, it was clear he was growing more aroused for his fingers dug more firmly...leaving indentations in her top where they trespassed...

He continued to watch as Lin in turn slid her arm around Andy's neck...He saw her mouth open, ready and willing to accept Andy's tongue...He saw their tongues meet mid air once more...licking at one another's...then he groaned quietly to himself as he watched his sexy wife suck it into her mouth and heard for the first time her moans of pleasure as she allowed him to molest her as she wriggled beneath him on the sofa.

He reached up and taking a chance opened the window a little more...knowing it would help to hear what was being said...

He still couldn't believe what was happening...yet down below he was aware of an un-natural yearning...

Andy moved back...his eyes looking her up and down...feasting on her full rounded breasts. Then he got off the sofa and down onto his knees. He eased her down onto her back causing her hubby to groan quietly as he saw her top stretching tight over her firm rounded breasts...

He watched as Andy leant over and began to bite...nibble and suck on each one in turn...He could see his wife physically writhe beneath him as his mouth and hands continued to pleasure her breasts...

"Oh Yes! You Sod! Suck them you Bastard! You know how I like you to suck on my tits!!" she cried.

She reached out and used her hand around the back of his neck to pull him into her breasts and as she did, so his hand slid down along the length of her body, over her sexy top...her skirt and onto her stockinged legs where his fingers seemed to dwell for a moment before they started their journey up under the hem of her skirt...Hubby watched in complete amazement as his wife opened her legs for her son in law...allowing his hands easy passage to their goal...He watched as his son in laws hand pushed up her hem until he'd revealed not just her stocking tops but her sexy black thongs...

Andy's fingers teased lightly back and forth over the gusset making Lin whimper with pleasure as she opened her legs some more for him...

He had never seen his wife looking so so turned on...

He teased her...he played with her... until she was desperate for more...He pulled away from her breasts and looked down at her. 

He didn't know quite what it was or why he had wanted her for so long but God she was so different from her daughter...so vibrant, so bloody sexy... and so damned horny...

His fingers continued to tease back and forth over her panties making her squirm with delight...

Hubby stepped as close to the window as he thought he could and listened and watched...a part of him demanding he go in and break this all up.. while the part down below was wanting to watch...to see how far she would go...

He saw Lin reach down between her legs, saw her place her hand on top of her son in laws...

"Make me Cum Andy! God I want to Cum for you!" she cried...

Her hubby couldn't believe his ears... Shit! just what the Fuck did she think she was doing?? But what was said next shook him all the more...

"Come on Andy! Finger me you Bastard!! Get my cunt nice and wet!!"

Hubby groaned at the sound of her words, he'd never ever heard her talking like this!

"And then what bitch?? Then what will you want me to do??"

Lin opened her eyes wide..."Then you're going to lick me out you dirty little Fuck!! I'm going to open my legs for you...wrap my thighs around your head, then you're going to show me what a dirty little cunt licker you are!!"

"Ohhh Fuck!! That's it bitch! Talk dirty to me! You know how that turns me on!"

Suddenly they were kissing once more...snogging with such passion as he pinned her down on the sofa, his hands now having left the warmth of her legs to stimulate her tits and nipples once more... She twisted and turned beneath him, the kissing, the snogging so so intense... so so frenzied...She twisted her mouth from his and gasping for air cried... "Fuck you Andy! I told you to make me Cum!! I want to FUCKING CUM YOU BASTARD!!"

With that her hubby watched as his wife drew her knees up and opening her legs she pushed her hand down the front of her panties...

Andy pulled from their embrace...he grabbed at her hand...pulling it away...

"Leave it you Bitch! Leave MY cunt alone...!!"

"I Can't you Bastard!! If you won't do me then I will have to do it myself!!"

Hubby watched as his son in law took hold of her wrist then lifting her hand to his mouth, started to suck on her fingers...

"That's it you little Fuck!! Taste my cunt juice!! There's a whole lot more where that came from!!"

He watched as Andy sucked one finger into his mouth at a time until all had been sucked clean...

His eyes were drawn back to his wife who was looking somewhat dishevelled now on the sofa but nonetheless, as horny as hell...

"Pleaseeee Andy! Make me Cum! Fuck I so want to Cum!!"

Andy grinned at her... leant back then got to his feet.

"Get up!" he ordered...

Her hubby watched in amazement as his wife did exactly as she was told...

Andy grabbed at her waist then pushed her hard, back against the wall...he grabbed at her wrists and pinned them above her head as they kissed for the umpteenth time, Lin tilting her head back as his lips kissed and licked and sucked at her exposed neck...until moments later, still pinning her against the wall his lips mashed hard against hers... one minute pressing...the next lunging...pecking...lunging...heads twisting...turning, causing them to miss one another's lips every now and then...not that it mattered for they were both so hot for one another...

He pushed her wrists together, still held high above her head and held them there with just the one hand... His other slid seductively down over her lithe body...down to the hem...where he slipped it underneath...

"Open your legs bitch!! I'm going to make you Cum like never before!!"

It would have made no difference had she opened them or not for Andy simply pushed his fingers hard into the sexy fabric of her thongs and forced both fingers and fabric hard into her already sopping wet cunt...

"Ohhhh Shit!! Ohhh Yes!! Go on you Fuck!!" she cried out as her body was forced back against the wall...

She found herself lifting up onto tiptoes...grunting like some wild animal...gasping for breath as not one but two climaxes hit one after the other... She could feel her juices spilling out of her cunt and down to her stockinged thighs...

"Ohhh YES!! THAT'S IT LOVER. OHHHH THAT'S SO FUCKING GOOD!!" she screamed as she jerked up and down on the end of his fingers...

He stepped back...looked her up and down and could see she could barely stand such was the force of her climax... She watched as he put his fingers to his lips...watched as he sucked them clean, just as he'd done so a few moments before, yet there was something even hornier about his doing that now...

Lin pushed a hand between her legs and groaned at how wet she was...

"You Bastard Andy!!" she moaned...

He simply grinned at her...took a hold of her hand then pressed it to her lips...

"Taste it you bitch!! I want you to experience how good this cunt of yours tastes!!"

Her hubby watched as his wife opened her mouth and slipped her wet fingers inside..."Hmmmmmmm!" she moaned as she licked herself clean...

Meanwhile Andy had dropped to his knees...

Lin looked down at him... then opening her legs some more urged him on...

"Come on lover! What are you waiting for? Come here and taste my pussy. It tastes soooo Fucking good!!"

Andy smiled up at her, he leant forward and moments later she was lifting her leg onto his shoulder...wanting more...wanting to feel the full pleasure of his lips and tongue working hard on her cunt...

He pushed hard...his lips sucking...his tongue flicking over her clit and lapping up her spilled juices...

He moved his head back and looked up at her. Lin groaned at the sight of his face covered in her juices... She grabbed at the back of his head... pulling him closer still as she started to grind herself into his face... She wanted to Cum again...she could feel her climax building as his tongue forced its way in and out...

Outside her hubby watched on in disbelief...watched on as his horny wife ground her cunt hard into her son in laws face...and if that wasn't bad enough he could hear her begging. Begging for more... pleading with him to make her Cum again...and all he could do was stand there and watch...watch as his son in law feasted on HIS wife...

Down below, as much as he tried he couldn't stop himself from feeling aroused. He had never ever seen her this way before...and never with him... It would always be that they would be lying down having sex... never with her stood up like she was right then... watching her grinding her pussy hard into another guys face...her leg thrown over his shoulder as if it were the most natural thing in the world to expose her pussy to he son in law...

It seemed to him to be going on forever... it seemed his wife couldn't get enough of smothering her pussy into Andy's face, or for that matter, Andy enough of her sweet cunt on his lips. His hands were now reaching up and mauling at her lilac covered tits, popping open the buttons as he continued to eat his way through his wife's juices...and all the while she kept urging him on...calling him names...talk that she had never done with him...

Lin grabbed at Andys head and pulled him back...

"You're a Bastard Andy! A dirty motherfucking Bastard!" she hissed.

Now it was her turn to drop to her knees where the two of them immediately grabbed for one another their lips meeting in a wild frenzied embrace. Hands moving over one another's bodies... 

He felt his anger fuelled as he watched them snogging., licking, then pecking... tongues dancing mid air as each savoured one another's... He watched as they lunged at one another with a passion her hubby had only ever seen in films...and through the open window he could hear their gasps of pleasure...their groans... he could sense the passion the feeling they had for one another and he knew this was never just a one off... he knew then all she had been telling him over these weeks had all been the truth... he just hadn't wanted to believe it...
