 After a full day of running around after our kids, you walk in with a "Honey, I'm home" to find me cooking dinner for the two of us. From the hair escaping from my up-do and the dejected posture, you can immediately tell that my day was hectic. Quietly, you place the items you are carrying in an out of the way spot then come up behind me to wrap me in your arms. Burying your head in my neck and kissing me there gently.

As I sink into your embrace, moaning softly, I say "Dinner will be about 10 minutes. I need to finish up the rice and take the enchiladas out of the oven."

"Perfect!" you say, "I'm going to hop in the shower and wash up quickly." You kiss me again and head to the bathroom where I hear the water come on. I want to come with you but know the food will burn as we'll get distracted. When you come back to the kitchen you are clean and bare chested - just a pair of shorts on. The sight makes me smile and lick my lips.

Carrying our now loaded plates to the table, I set yours in front of you as you join me. We both dig into our meal and discuss menial things. Just nice to have someone listen for a change. 

Going to take the plates you shake your head. "Leave those for now, I'll do them". 

We get to the bedroom and you push open the door. You instead reach for me and begin to gently remove my clothing. Kissing me as you work blind. You running your hands along my body. I sink in to you. Pulling back I retie my bun making sure no strands have escaped. 

Walking up behind me until I can feel the heat of your body just before you kiss my shoulder and when I try to sneak a kiss at the same time, you grin, knowing I am ready for more. Pulling me into your arms you softly kiss my lips, onto the bedroom. Laying me on the bed lowering yourself between my legs, you softly blow air across my pelvis then slide your hands up to frame my pussy between them. Sliding your thumbs up and down, you stroke me, making me very aware of where you are as I also feel your breath move across me. 

As you stroke, you start pulling my pussy lips apart, the evidence of my arousal is right there for you to see. Seeing the wetness, you move your thumbs to the inside of my lips and hold me open before bending your head to drag your tongue from the entrance to my depths to the top of my clit. More juices flow from this stimulation and you dip your tongue down to catch it. Repeating the movement over and over, swirling your tongue and dragging it through my folds, I begin to moan and gasp. As you start to move your tongue faster over me and pausing to suck and nibble at my clit, more fluid flows and I begin to squirm. Holding me down, you begin to lash at my clit firmly, sucking it into your mouth hard causing it to swell and become more sensitive. Releasing it you flick it with your tongue again then set your teeth on it and nibble gently. I scream softly and fluids spill from my body as my back arches off the bed and I orgasm hard.

Quickly getting to your knees, you slide your cock into me, gliding deep while feeling my pussy walls clenching at you. Bringing your face to mine, you kiss me, letting me taste myself on your tongue. Thrusting in and out slowly but firmly, you extend my orgasm letting it squeeze you as you move, as if trying to keep you inside me. One hand comes up to cup my face as you kiss me, my arms around your neck with one hand running through your hair. You continue your thrusts, speeding up as you feel my contractions slowing down. Kissing me with more passion, you move faster, my hips rising to meet yours, my fingers clenching in your hair as I try to pull you further into me. Our movements become more rapid and almost desperate as we both tumble towards orgasm. You swallow my scream seconds before giving me yours as we climax together.

Briefly letting me go, you reach down for the blankets and pull them up over us, then reach to turn out the bedside light. Taking me back into your arms, you roll to your side, keeping your cock in me and entwining our legs and arms around each other. You kiss me softly, whispering of your love and lay your head against mine. We drift to sleep still in that position, satisfied and exhausted.