 37 days. 888 hours. 53,280 minutes. Give or take a few. 

That's how long they'd been apart. Not that long really, in the grand scheme of things. A blip of time. A paragraph in a novel. Five weeks and some change. It wasn't a lifetime. 

But it felt that way. To her. The way her heart ached for its other half had seemed unbearable at the time. Still, she had persevered. It hadn't been easy for either one of them. Their first separation since they'd been married. The learning curve neither had been prepared for. 

Tonight, it ended. He was finally coming home to her. To their house and their dogs and their lives and their bed. She was beside herself with excitement; and just a touch of nerves. After five weeks of rollercoaster emotions and dozens of naked texts, she was ready for his touch to soothe her. Save her. Set her world straight again. And she was fairly certain he felt the same. 

The first moments after his return were chaos. In dog years he probably had been gone a lifetime and the dogs went crazy seeing him again. All three jumped on him, whining with excitement. Like a good doggy dad, he got down on the floor to love on each dog in turn and they both laughed at the overwhelming excitement each dog displayed.

Then it was her turn. As he stood, he dusted some of the dog hair off his shirt and met her eyes. Her heart skipped a beat as it always did when he looked at her like that; his dark eyes filled with love and desire and promise. She took a step forward even as he reached for her, wrapping his long arms around her in a tight bear hug. She buried her face in his chest, inhaling the musky and unique scent of him. Her husband. 

"You came back to me," she whispered into his chest.

His hands came up to cup her face. "Always," he told her before pressing his lips to hers. 

The kiss was deep and full of longing. His hand ran down her sides to grab her ass and he easily lifted her off her feet. She eagerly wrapped her legs around his waist as he pressed her against the wall, his lips never leaving hers. His mouth trailed across her cheek and down her neck and she moaned as she tilted her head to give him better access. 

"God, I missed you," he said, his breath hot on her neck. 

She let out a small squeak as he thrust his hips into her so she could feel his growing erection. "I missed you too," she gasped. Already she was feeling flushed and hot, her body tingling in a way only he made her feel. She wanted his hands everywhere. His mouth everywhere. 

He pulled her away from the wall and carried her to their bedroom, kicking the door shut behind him to keep the dogs out. As soon as he set her down, she dropped to her knees in front of him, pulling at the elastic waistband of the gym shorts he'd worn to travel home. Even as he shed his shirt, he felt her mouth close around the tip of his cock. He let out a low growl as she sucked him into her mouth. 

She looked so beautiful down there. On her knees, green eyes staring up at him. She braced her hands on his thighs as he wrapped a hand in her long hair. "Fuck," he cursed as she began bobbing up and down his hard shaft. Her mouth felt so good, so hot, he was almost overwhelmed with the desire to face fuck her until he shot his cum down the back of her throat. But there would be time for that later. First, he needed to be inside her. After that, all bets were off. 

After a few moments of enjoying her blowjob, a talent of hers really, he pushed her away. "Take your clothes off," he commanded and she immediately stripped off her tank top, yoga pants and underwear. "On the bed and spread your legs."

Again, she reacted immediately. Complying eagerly to his orders She bit her lip as she lay back, legs spread, open and vulnerable. Her body burned, her pussy ached for him. He stood before her naked and her breath caught at how beautiful he was with his muscles and tattoos and happy trail that ran from his navel to his cock. 

One large, calloused hand closed over her small, soft breast and she arched her back into the touch. He pinched her nipple between his fingers as his mouth came down on her other breast. She gasped and whimpered as he teased her. She felt his tongue flick across the nipple he had caught between his teeth. As he moved his mouth to the other nipple, his hand trailed down her stomach to cup her mound. She flexed her hips into his hand, an invitation. 

His middle finger eased through the top of her slit and he growled again when he felt her wetness. "My baby's ready for me already," he observed, his voice husky and full of lust. 

She squirmed beneath him. "It's been too long," she answered. 

"Yes it has," he replied just as he slid his finger into her pussy. She arched almost off the bed as he did and he caught her breast in his mouth again. 

"Ooohh..." she purred as his finger swirled inside her and the heel of his hand ground against her clit. 

His cock throbbed almost painfully as he touched her. She had always been so responsive to him, made him feel like a god as she trembled beneath his hands. This time was no different. She whimpered and writhed beneath him as he slid a second finger into her wet folds. His body covered hers as his mouth closed over hers for another kiss while his fingers continued their teasing. 

She felt his hands everywhere. His fingers inside her, his other hand running over her sides, her breasts, pinching her nipples. His mouth was hot and demanding on her and she could feel his cock pressed against her legs. She was all sensation for him. Clay to be molded by him. There was nothing but his touch. 

"Please," she begged, her voice ragged. "I need you inside me."

Usually he loved to tease her, bring her to the edge. He wanted to do so much more to her body before he gave into his own desire for her, but her plea was too much for him. He needed her too. Needed to know he was home. 

He pulled his fingers from her and guided the head of his dick to her entrance. He paused for only a moment to say, "Look at me," and when her eyes met his he thrust into her. 

She felt the same electric shock she always felt when he entered her and she gasped. The time apart made him feel bigger, like he was stretching her more. She raised up to kiss him, to try to convey just how much she loved him. She could feel their connection - all of it. Mentally, physically, emotionally. Her heart soared. 

Finally, after a long, sweet kiss he began moving in and out of her. She moaned as he thrust into her, the head of his dick bumping against her cervix, his balls slapping against her ass. 

He gripped her body to him. Thrusting harder and harder as if he could force himself further into her, into every part of her. He could feel her nails raking down his back as she clung to him in return. Her hands grabbed his ass, pulling him deeper and tighter against her. 

"Oh god," she moaned. "Please don't stop."

As if even god could come between them in that moment. He could feel her already tight pussy, tensing around his dick. Getting tighter, wetter. Her hips bucked and twisted beneath him as he drove into her again and again. 

She moaned again, louder this time. Fuck, he'd missed the sounds she made. Every moan, every whimper, every plea was because of him. For him. He pushed himself up so he could stare down at her beautiful face as it twisted in pleasure. He could see her orgasm building. Feel it in the quivering of her legs. 

"That's it baby. Cum for me," he coaxed. "Cum on my fucking dick."

That was all it took. Every cell exploded inside her and her body locked onto his as wave after wave of pleasure crashed through her. Her fingers dug painfully into his back, her pussy closed around him like a vice. He stilled, letting her body work through the pleasure on it's own; waiting for her to come back to him. 

The sensations seemed to last forever before she finally felt herself return to the present. Her body relaxed back onto the bed, her legs dropping from his waist. He was still buried deep inside her as he smiled down at her, kissed her forehead and nose and cheek. 

Her eyes fluttered open and she grinned back at him, blushing even after all this time. "That was..." She started, but he stopped her with a kiss. 

"I know. I could feel it," he replied. 

She flexed her hips beneath him. "I want you to cum now," she said. 

He gave her a wicked grin. "I plan on it."

He leaned over her to grab something off the nightstand before pulling out of the heat of her pussy. She made a sound of disapproval but he ignored her as he flipped her over onto her stomach. She eagerly rose up onto her knees while keeping her head on the mattress, baring her round ass to him. 

"I missed this ass," he said, giving it a rough smack! She yelped and giggled before she felt something hard and cold slide into her pussy making her gasp. 

She'd bought the set of butt plugs while he'd been gone and had teased him incessantly with pictures of them in her pretty, tight ass. Now it was his turn to play and he eased it in and out of her pussy a few times, coating it in her juices before dragging it up to the clenched ring of her asshole. 

He found the sight of pushing the steel bulb into her ass incredibly erotic. Her hands gripped the sheets on the bed as he eased it in a little at a time until the widest part finally popped inside her and the blue jewel at the top was nestled firmly between her ass cheeks. 

"Jesus fuck, you look so hot right now baby," he told her. And it was true. This was his favorite position to see her in - face down, ass up and now jeweled like a queen. 

He grabbed her roughly by the hips and yanked her back towards his cock, unable to stand being out of her any longer. He was halfway in when he paused, noticing the pain that twisted her face. 

"Does it hurt?" He asked, concerned, although a deep, dark part of him was pleased to see her in pain for him. 

She nodded into the pillow. "Just... full."

"Do you want me stop?" 

"No!" She gasped as he pushed a little deeper. "Please just fuck me!"

The next second she felt him slam all the way into her. Involuntary tears formed in the corners of her eyes as he slammed into her again. His fingers gripped her hips harshly as he fucked her hard. But she found the pain beautiful and intoxicating. And it wasn't long before her body was reacting on its own, thrusting back to meet him every time he fucked into her. 

Suddenly he grabbed her wrist and drug her hand beneath her, pressing it to her clit. "Play with yourself," he ordered sharply, his breathing coming in harsh, ragged grunts. 

Without question she began massaging her clit. Her fingers rubbed over the already sensitive nub with intent and he felt her begin to tighten around his cock again. Almost impossible considering how tight the bulb in her ass made her and he could feel the plug through the thin walls that separated her pussy and ass. 

"Fuck," she hissed as she started to cum for him a second time. 

It was enough to send him over the edge. He yanked out of her at the same time that he dislodged the butt plug from her ass. Something primal drove his actions, an animalistic urge to mark her as his in a new, absolute way. Without giving her time to react, he slammed his dick into her ass, a first for their relationship. 

She cried out in shock and pain as he fucked her ass once, twice, a third time before he grunted in exertion and began cumming. It was a toe-curling, blood stopping, world exploding orgasm that filled her ass until his cum leaked out from around his still throbbing cock. She could hear him grunting as he came, his fingers biting into her flesh with new intensity as her head spun from the pleasure of her own orgasm and the shocking, but not entirely unpleasant, pain of her husband's dick in her ass. 

After sending an almost unending stream of cum into her, he finally pulled his softening cock from her tight hole. He took a moment to admire his handiwork - the red handprints on her hips, the thick, white cum dripping from her ass, the soaked and sloppy pussy - before dropping onto his back on the bed. 

She lay motionless, letting herself recover from the intensity of it all. It was a new sensation having his cum run from her ass to her pussy. Her head was thick and muddled from all the pleasure he'd given her. His hand rested on the back of her leg, still reluctant to break physical contact after being gone for so long. 

After a long while, she wiggled closer to him and he immediately wrapped his arms around her, pulling her into his chest. 

"I'm gonna be walking funny later," she joked.

He kissed the top of her head. "Who said anything about walking?" He replied, running a hand down her back to squeeze her ass again. 

She giggled. "Welcome home love," she said. 

And he held her tighter and smiled, a deeply satisfied man.