 She got to the phone on the fourth ring, "Hello."

"Hi sweetie."

It was him. It had been so long that even the sound of his voice excited her. She stood there in her towel. She'd just got out of the shower when she heard the phone.

"Where are you?"

"I'm just getting on the highway, should be there in about an hour."

"Okay, I'll see you in an hour, love you."

"Love you too."

An hour, well I better get going, she thought. She walked into the bedroom, turned on some music and started drying herself off. Her nipples hardened as she toweled the droplets of water from her breasts, her hands trembling with desire. Hands lingering at her bosom, she could feel the increasing desire between her legs as she massaged her breasts. Knees weakening, she sat on the edge of the bed and tried to compose herself.

It was no use. All she could think of was him coming through the door and making wild passionate love to her. Her hand slid between her legs as she closed her eyes and fantasized about what he would do to her. His tongue licking her, his hands massaging every inch of her body, including the most important inches. 

The fingers of her left hand slid over her freshly shaved pussy. A smile formed on her lips as she thought about his reaction to that. It had taken some doing, but she had succeeded in making it just like those girls in his magazines. Only a small triangle remained, pointing him in the right direction.

She lay back on the bed; her left hand continued rubbing her swelling labia while her right tweaked her diamond hard nipples. She imagined him licking, sucking and gently nibbling them as she slipped a finger inside her warm wet pussy. The sensation was incredible, little electric shocks emanated out from the center of her being. It only took a few thrusts for her to realize her fingers weren't going to be enough though.

She pulled open the drawer and took the long purple shaft out. She hesitated briefly, realizing the irony of finally using it when he was only minutes away, but the fire in her loins wasn't going to go away by itself. With a little trepidation, she stroked the rubbery shaft along her slit. In seconds it was slick with her juices and, with a moan of delight, she slid it all the way inside her. She imagined it was him filling her with his hard cock, thrusting in and out of her wet pussy.

Long, slow, deep thrusts brought about the desired effects. She twisted the button to turn on the vibration and was rewarded with more tiny electric shocks of bliss. Her thrusts took on a greater urgency with each passing second as the pleasure built to almost unbearable levels.

She pulled the slick purple shaft from its sheath and placed the buzzing tip right on her engorged clitoris. Now that's the ticket, she thought as she alternated between thrusts inside and buzzing her clit. It was all too much for her to take; one last deep thrust pushed her over the edge. Spasm after spasm wracked her body. Gasping for air, she pulled the dildo out and lay on the bed trying to compose herself.

She finally glanced at the clock, twenty minutes. Well she'd have to hurry. She took the special homecoming outfit out of the closet and started putting it on. Just the feel of the satin and lace fanned the embers of her desire.

She was just finishing her makeup when she heard the car pull in the driveway. A quick peek through the curtains confirmed it was him. She was shaking in anticipation.

Well the place didn't burn down while I was gone, he thought as he pulled his bags from the car and made his way up the walk. He opened the door and walked into the dining room.

"Welcome home darling."

He turned to the sound of the angelic voice. She certainly looked more the part of devil though, adorned from head to toe in red. The short silk gown did little to hide the stockings and garters, which, along with the heels, accentuated her long legs. She walked toward him, undoing the thin belt of the gown. With a slight shrug, it was off her shoulders and on the floor. Her satin pushup bra thrust her breasts at him, begging to be fondled. Her hair was in a tight bun tied with red ribbon and her lipstick was a shade that could only be described as come fuck me red.

"You look amazing," he said as they met in the middle of the room.

"This? It's just a little something I pick…." Her words were cut short by his lips meeting hers. His hands cupped her ass, pulling her tight against him as their tongues dueled in each other's mouths. 

She could feel him hardening quickly and slipped a hand between them. Deftly she undid his belt and pants, dropping them to the floor. She extracted her self from the kiss and sat in one of dining room chairs. Grabbing his boxers by the waistband, she pulled him to her. He kicked off his pants and shoes and straddled the chair as she grabbed his firm ass cheeks pulled him to her mouth.

Her ruby red lips nuzzled his cock through the thin fabric. Small kisses and little nibbles made him even harder. Unable to stand her teasing any longer he pulled down his shorts.

That's what I've been craving she thought as she hungrily took his hard shaft in her mouth. For a moment she just held it there swirling her tongue around the sensitive tip, until she felt his hands on the back of her head.

His hips thrust his prick in and out of her warm, wet, willing mouth. With each thrust, she took him deeper in her mouth until his cock disappeared completely between her lips. She inhaled his musky smell and could feel herself getting wet again. With long slow strokes she pulled her lips all the way out to the tip, then back down to the base. In and out she went, his hips slowly rocking at the same pace. He looked down at her. The image was too much, "You're going to get a mouthful if you don't stop."

She pulled his member from her mouth, "I've already got a mouthful," she said smiling.

"You know what I mean," he said, pulling her to her feet. The heels put her neck right at mouth level and he kissed and nibbled it, inhaling her perfume. His hands moved to her breasts, tweaking her nipples through the satiny fabric, as her hands pulled his head down to her cleavage. He traced the outline of her breasts along the top of her bra, his tongue occasionally delving in to the slit between them. 

She held him tight to her chest as he licked and nuzzled her heaving breasts, but she wanted something more. She reached out for his penis, still slick with her saliva. Sitting back down she guided his hard on underneath the bra and between her breasts. It worked just as she planned; the bra kept her breasts wrapped tight around him leaving their hands free to explore other areas.

His knees weakened, the feeling of his cock in the pillowy softness of her boobs was incredible. She flicked the head of his hard penis every time it peeked out the top of her cleavage, while her hands massaged his testicles. His hand reached down to caress her through the stretchy lace material of her panties. He was rewarded with a loud moan as his hand rubbed her mound in time with his thrusts.

He looked down at her and came to a realization. "You're wearing too many clothes."

"What are you going to do about it," she asked standing up, still stroking his shaft.

He reached behind her and unhooked the bra, letting it fall to the floor. He cupped her breasts, kneading them as his tongue toyed with her hard nipples. She let out a shriek of pleasure as he sucked one deep in his mouth. He pushed her back until she was leaning against the dining room table.

"I'm hungry," he said as he kissed his way down her stomach to the lace panties. He sat down in the chair and tugged at the panties. She wiggled her hips, aiding in his quest to pull them off her. He stopped part way down and she could see the flicker of realization in his eyes. 

He stripped the panties off the rest of the way, and sat there staring. The smooth hairless lips of her pussy were puffed out and wet just begging to be licked. She lay back on the solid table as his head went between her legs. His tongue traced the outline of her labia, soft and smooth. With excruciating slowness, his tongue pried at the opening, putting just the tip in then going back to long slow strokes with the flat part of his tongue.

She was squirming in anticipation, her legs locked around his head. This is so much better than by yourself, she thought. She could feel the beginnings of an orgasm as he had finally locked his mouth on her sopping wet pussy. He sucked and licked like a man possessed, pushing his tongue deep inside her. 

He had never seen her this wet. His mouth was slipping all over the place as he tried to concentrate his efforts on her swollen clitoris. Finally, he captured it and sucked deeply on the hard nub, flicking his tongue across it as her juices covered his face. She was getting close, and he wanted to come with her.

He stood up and pulled her hips closer to the edge of the table. With one quick thrust he buried himself deep insider her. He pumped in and out of her like a jackhammer, her breasts bouncing wildly with each thrust.

She couldn't stand it, the pleasure was incredible. His cock was harder than she could ever remember and he was fucking her like a rag doll. She stood up while he continued thrusting, the heels made it the perfect fit as she leaned back letting him pound in and out of her. Her hand went between them, her fingers rubbing her clitoris.

"What are doing?"

"I'm not going to let you finish before me."

He watched in amazement as her fingers flicked her clit, and briefly forgot to keep up his end of the commitment. She took the opportunity to pull off him. One hand kept strumming her clit; the other started stroking his shaft.

"I'm yours," he said. "What do you want me to do?"

She smiled. "I want you to fuck me from behind," she said turning around. She propped herself up on her elbows as he grabbed her hips and entered her from behind. His thrusts were slow at first but quickly built up in speed. Soon he was pounding her like a man possessed. Reaching back between his legs, she massaged his tightening nut sack. With a yell he exploded inside her, warm jets of creamy semen filling her. 

She continued massaging his balls as he started thrusting in and out again. To her delight, she could feel him getting harder as he stroked. He sat down on the chair, bringing her with him. She sat facing away from him, his newly hard cock probing deep inside her. She grabbed hold of the edge of the table and rocked her hips back and forth, tingles of pleasure emanating from her sticky, wet pussy.

She felt his fingers on her clit, the pleasure was unbearable. He tweaked and twisted her love button until she was writhing with ecstasy. She started to contract around him, her pussy muscles trying to milk more semen out of his hard penis.

He groaned as he shot more jets of hot semen deep inside her. That was all she needed to push her over the edge, yelping with pleasure as her orgasm washed over her.

She leaned back and kissed him, his hard cock still filling her, his tongue massaging hers. She moaned as his hands went to her breasts and he began rolling her nipples between his fingers. Her hand found his balls and started massaging them, his softening penis once again hardening under her touch, filling her. She stood up and took his penis in her hand.

"Let's go get in the shower," she said, leading him down the hallway, stroking his slick shaft.