 His hand in mine, I smile up at him and say "Hi baby, I really hope you like what I have in store for you tonight." 

He's just gotten home from work. I knew he was tired and probably cranky, so I met him at the door with a glass of wine and a smile... that was all. Totally naked. 

His eyes lit up as he reached for me, but I pushed his hands away. "Oh no! Not yet you don't. I have plans for you and it's not time for that yet!" Laughing gently, I lead him up the stairs to the bedroom and into the adjoining bath. The Jacuzzi tub is full with bubbles and steaming water. Candles are lit everywhere, and soft music is playing. He looks around, absorbing everything I've prepared. 

He smiles and says, "Hmmm this looks an awful lot like the fantasy you were telling me about the other night. You've been busy today!"

"Yes love, I have. Now, it's time for you to relax and let me pamper you a little." 

I reach up and start unbuttoning his shirt, kissing his chest and belly as they are exposed to me. He moans softly, running his hands through my hair. I stand straight again, looking him in the eye, smiling. Pulling his shirt from his waistband and sliding it off his shoulders, letting it fall to the floor. I run my fingernails up and down his chest, his arms and shoulders. Watching as his eyes get darker.

Slipping my fingers down the front of his pants... stroking him lightly through them. Slowly unzipping his fly and freeing him to my touch. I run my hands around his waist, sliding his pants over his hips and down his legs. I kneel in front of him, his already throbbing erection right in front of me now. Looking at him, I flick the head of his cock with my tongue, just once, as I help him step out of his slacks.

He groans, his fingers tightening in my hair, pulling my lips towards him. Laughing gently I say... "Not yet baby, be patient with me." Chuckling he says "You plan on torturing me don't you!" 

Grinning, I just stand and press my body to his. Breasts flattened to his chest, his erection pressing into my belly. My fingers diving into his hair, pulling him down to kiss me. Our tongues mating, swirling. Devouring each other.

Pulling back from him, our breath coming fast and hard, I take him by the hand and lead him to the tub. I step in, pulling him in after me. I straddle him, letting my body get wet and slippery, my thighs wrapping round his cock, my pussy pressing to him. I can feel his moan all the way down to my toes. 

My breasts are slipping over his chest, wet and slick... his chest hair causing them to form peaks. My nipples hard as pebbles, poking him. 

By this time, I can no longer hold myself back, as turned on as he obviously is I say, "Paul, please... fuck me! Hard! Now!"

His answering "YES" echoes through the bathroom as he lifts me by my hips and plunges into my throbbing pussy! OOOOO he fills me so well! Nearly splitting me in half with his huge hard cock! 

Water sloshing over the edge, our bodies rocking together, his hips thrusting up, pounding his cock deep and hard into my pussy. My nails digging into his shoulders and chest... marking him as mine!

My head thrown back, his lips around my nipples, sucking me, feeding off of me! Rising and falling on him, riding him as hard as possible, feeling him pulsing, growing even bigger inside of me.

And then... "NOW!!!" Screaming as my pussy starts pulsing around him. My orgasm ripping through my body. My pussy milking his cock... I hear him shout, "YES BABY!!!" as he shoots his cum deep inside of me, sending me into continuing spasms of ecstasy! 

I collapse against him. My body totally drained yet still pulsing around him, feeling his cock twitching in me, slowly shrinking and slipping from me. His arms wrapped tightly around me, holding me and gently stroking my back as we gain control of our breathing. 

Pushing back from him a little I say, " Welcome home Paul!" We both break into laughter, amazed at how quickly our body's had lost control.

He says, "I think I'd like this to happen more often! I could get used to coming home to this!" 

I said, "Oh sweet man, I'm not done with you yet!" as my hands ran down under the water and I slid down his body... taking a deep breath... hearing his moan become muffled as my head went under water........

As I slid down under the water, taking Pauls spent cock into my mouth, I could hear him moan. His hands rubbing up and down my back and neck as I swirled my tongue over him, still tasting our mingled juices.

Coming up for air, I looked him in the eye and said, "Paul, I'm yours to command tonight. Anything you want, I'll do for you."

His grin told me that he was very pleased with this and I smiled back at him. 

"Do you have anything you wish me to do baby?"

"Only this Shanna." He lifts me up, pulling my slippery body up to his chest and kisses me. Slowly sliding his tongue into my mouth and proceeding to devour me. My fingers spear into his hair as his hands run up and down my body, pulling me closer. I can feel his cock stirring against my thigh and an answering pull deep in my womb.

He pushes me back and stands up, offering me a hand to help me up. He steps out of the tub and picks up a towel, unfolding it and wrapping it around me. Lifting me out, he carries me into the bedroom, finally noticing my preparations here also.

Candles are lit all over the room, the music is still playing softly and there are rose petals scattered all over the floor and the turned down bed. The scents of roses and vanilla from the candles mingling into a heady fragrance.

"Mmmm, baby, it smells like you in here. Sweet and spicy. Good enough to eat!"

I laugh softly as he buries his mouth against my neck, nibbling and sucking.

He gently lays me back on the bed, opening the towel and gazing at my body. I start to say something and he puts his finger to my mouth.

"You said this was my night Shanna, to do as I pleased and to have you do as I please. This is what I want. I want you to be silent. No speaking. Just lay back and let me enjoy you. I plan to bring you to heights we've yet to reach together."

Closing my eyes I moan, my body already on fire and pulsing with need. I can't believe how lucky I am to have found this wonderful man. 

His hands are slowly running up my legs, massaging gently as he works his way upwards. He follows with his lips and tongue, sending shivers throughout my body.

He gently spreads my legs and I can feel him gazing at me. I open my eyes and my breath catches. He's slowly stroking himself as he looks at my pussy. 

Looking up, he smiles and says, "I want you to see what you do to me. How your body turns me on. Watch me baby, watch me get pleasure from looking at you, from touching you."

Moaning, I start to sit up a little, but he presses me back against the pillows. I so want to touch him, my body aching for the feel of his skin. He says, "No Shanna, just watch. Touch yourself, but don't touch me yet. I want you to masturbate for me. I want to watch you bring yourself pleasure as you watch me doing the same."

He smiles at my groan and reminds me not to speak, to just enjoy the moment. As we both stroke ourselves our breathing begins to become labored. It's hard to keep our eyes open as we bring ourselves to the verge of completion. And, right as we're both about to cum, he says, "Stop! Don't cum yet. Let it ease off. Hold it for me."

Ohhhh! I so want to yell at him to fuck me but I say nothing. I am so anxious to feel him inside of me again, but he's getting off the bed! I move to reach for him, but he shakes his head at me, grinning as he walks to the dresser.

I know exactly what he's planning now and lay back in anticipation of what's to come, only, he has his own surprise in store for me! Here I am thinking that he's looking for the scarves to tie me down with, but instead he's walking toward me with a handful of toys! Ranging from small bullet style vibes to a fairly large cock shaped vibe. I couldn't believe what I was seeing! A shot of energy pulsed through my body, almost making me cum just from the thought of what he was planning to do to me!

Somehow, the night of pleasuring him had turned on me! Laughing, I mimed to him that I really wanted to talk. He nodded at me and I said, "Paul? What are you doing? This night was supposed to be about you!"

He said, "Oh Shanna, trust me, it is! I've been wanting to do this with you for a very very long time! This is a fantasy of mine, to pleasure you until you can't take anymore, and then to keep taking you until we both explode!"

I moaned and laughed as I imagined what he had in store for us. My body already pulsing, I jumped as he ran his fingers lightly along my legs. Softly stroking me and slowly spreading them open to his gaze. He continues to stroke me, leaning down to nibble and lick my inner thighs. 

He looks at me as he nibbles and licks his way up my inner thighs. Pushing me back against the pillows, he says, "Shanna, I want you to lay back and let me take you where you've not been before." 

Heat rushing through me, tinging my skin with a rosy blush, I groan and obey his command. Shivers running through me, my breath catching with his every caress. His lips and tongue touching lightly, like butterfly kisses all over my body. His fingers lightly stroking up and down my body, barely touching my skin, just enough to raise chill bumps.

I opened my eyes as I felt his touch leave me, only to see him reaching for a scarf. He smiled at me and without speaking, leaned over me and tied it around my eyes, blinding me to what he was doing. I moaned in frustration and excitement. Knowing that he was going to tease me and loving the very thought.

Quietly, he said, " I want you to be perfectly still. No moving at all no matter what you feel. I want you to control yourself and follow my directions or I'll stop whatever I'm doing and go watch t.v.!" I can hear the grin in his voice as he spoke. I nodded my agreement, biting my lip to keep from groaning at the thought of the torture/pleasure I was soon to feel.

Again he starts stroking my body, this time using the corner of a scarf to tickle and sensitize my skin. Adding light pinches and spanks along my hips and thighs. Reaching up to pinch my nipples firmly, twisting them and making them even harder. I tried to keep as still as possible during all of this, my body jerking slightly at every new touch.

He was constantly whispering to me as he was touching me, telling me how beautiful I was, how sexy he found me, how gorgeous my pussy was, that he couldn't wait to taste me, to pleasure me completely. As he touched and talked, my body came alive. Whenever he mentioned a body part, I could feel his touch there, though not literally as he'd be touching a different part of me, keeping me off balance.

I felt his hands slide down my legs to my ankles, spreading them and moving in between them. I then heard a buzzing... mmmmmmmm knowing that soon I'd feel those delicious vibrations from one of my toys. 

The first touch came at my knee... the surface of the toy cold, but pressed softly to the back of my leg. He slowly ran it up my inner thigh... teasing me as he got closer to my pussy then pulling it away to give the other leg the same treatment. 

My body is quivering, straining for his touch but I'm not moving other than involuntary jumps and startles.

Next I feel the vibe on my right nipple, slowly circling and teasing. He runs it around my breast, up underneath and then around the other, using a figure 8 motion. Every once in a while teasing my nipples with the vibe or pinching them with his fingers.

My entire body is alive! I want so much to be able to touch him, to stroke his skin, but knowing if I move he will end the sweet torture.

I moan... whispering "Please, Paul! Please make love to me!" 

His answering, "Oh baby, I will make love to you. By the time I am done tonight you will be well fucked!" caused my body to jump, my stomach to tighten and my pussy to swell even more. 

I could feel the moisture beginning to leak from me, wetting my thighs and the sheets below. And he had yet to touch me there! He was using the scarf to tickle my pussy lips as he stroked and teased me with the vibe.

I begged him to let me move. To let me touch him in return, but he just chuckled softly and told me to remain still or I would pay the consequences! OOOOOOO I was slowly going crazy! I wanted to reach out and grab him, forcing him to fuck me right then, but knowing there was no way I could ever do so, as he was so much stronger than I. 

Nearly growling in frustration and pleasure now, I continued to beg him for more. He must have sensed just how turned on I was as he intensified the touches. He started moving the vibe closer to my pussy, slowly tracing my outer lips. Stroking with is up my slit and pressing it gently against my swollen clit.

I screamed and jumped uncontrollably at this touch. Cumming hard and fast. My body so on fire that I had no control over my reactions. I started to reach for his hand, wanting him to press the vibe harder against me, but stopping myself just in time. I hear him laugh as he sees me control myself and does what I wanted him to do anyway. 

Pressing firmly against my clit....slowly rotating the vibe around it and causing my orgasm to grow and continue for what seemed like hours! My body convulsing, totally out of control. My hands digging into the sheets, my hips arching into his touch, pressing harder against the vibe and his fingers.

He pulls it away and before I can complain, rams his cock deep inside of me. Thrusting hard and deep. Both of us groaning in pleasure. He takes my hands and pulls them up over my head, holding them there with one hand as he lifts one of my legs up over his shoulder with the other and arches my hips up as he continues to pound into me. Fucking me as he's never done before.

My head thrashing back and forth, my body clenching around him, massaging his cock as he rams it deep inside of me. Over and over, not letting me catch my breath. I scream as my orgasm rushes through me. Instant fire pulsing through my veins. He continues to pound himself into me... watching me as I cum again and again. Finally, losing control he shouts his completion. Thrusting his cock deep in me once.. twice.... shooting his cum deep inside of me. I can feel it spraying against my cervix, causing me to cum yet again. 

I call out his name as he, one last time, thrusts deep inside of me. Collapsing against me. Our bodies replete, vibrations still running through us. My pussy clenching around him as his cock continues to pulse deep inside of me. 

He releases my arms allowing me to wrap them around him and hold him closely to me. My fingernails gently scraping against his shoulders, raising chill bumps on his skin and causing him to shiver and his cock to twitch inside of me.

He chuckles and lifts his weight off of me, his cock still buried deep inside of me. He looks at me, grins and says, "Well what do you think? Did you enjoy my fantasy or am I going to have to try again?"

I giggle and say, "Baby, as much as I enjoyed myself, I do think we'll have to practice more... just to perfect your technique!"

Throwing his head back and laughing, which of course caused his still hard cock to press deeper inside of me, he said, " Shanna, I'll practice until neither of us can move, just to get it right!"

Throughout the night, he proved good to his word. Turning to me over and over. Using my body in ways I had only imagined before. Both of us finally collapsing, replete and slipping into sleep, as the sun started to peak over the horizon.