 I can see you through the binoculars as the boat turns toward the pier. You are wearing a blue cotton dress with buttons down the front. Just the sight of you sends waves of desire through my body. 

The time it take s to tie the boat up and grant liberty seems forever. Finally I make my was the pier and take you in my arms, our lips meet in an instant, and I kiss you long and deep as if my very life depended on this one kiss. You lean forward and whisper in my ear, "Take me home."

I throw my bag in the back of the car and head out of the base as you snuggle up next to me and begin kissing my neck and nibbling on my ear. As we drive through the streets of the city, you continue kissing my neck and you unbutton the top buttons of my shirt and rub your hands across my chest. Your fingers pinch and tease my nipples. I put my hand on your thigh and massage the soft cotton of your dress. "I like the new dress," I say.

"You're going to like what's underneath it even better."

"Really," I ask as I start unbuttoning your dress from the bottom. "I certainly like the nylons." You smile at me as my hand travels up your leg caressing the silky material. I soon understand why as I reach the top of the stockings and feel the thin garter holding it up. "You know I'm a sucker for garters and stockings."

"Why do you think I'm wearing them?"

I take advantage of a red light to glance over and see the lacy blue garter and panties peeking out from under the dress. "They look beautiful on you."

"Thank you."

The light turns green and we finally pull onto the highway. My hand strokes your thigh from your knee up past the tops of your stockings up to the edge of your lace panties and then slowly back down to your knee then back to your thigh. After a few minutes, you whisper in my ear, "touch me" and guide my hand between your legs. I massage you gently as you let out a soft moan. You reach down, unbutton your dress a little further, and then recline the seat back. I put the car on cruise control and slide my seat back, thanking god for light Saturday traffic.

Your hand guides mine in slow circles over your lace-covered mound. I glance at you between dodging traffic; you are licking your lips and breathing heavily. I slide my hand inside your panties. You let out a whimper as I slip a finger inside you and massage your clitoris with my thumb. You reach down and slide the panties off, "better access" you say as you lay back. I continue sliding my finger in and out, as you moan softly. As your moans get louder you slide your hands up your body and sensually knead your breasts through your dress, I can see your hard nipple straining against the thin fabric as you moan, "more."

I slide a second finger inside you and stroke faster. You put a hand on mine and set the pace as my fingers slide in and out of your soaking wet pussy. Faster then slower then faster, I feel you get tighter and wetter with each stroke until you gasp and your body tenses then relaxes. 

"Oh my god, that was incredible."

You lay there as I keep gently massaging you as you catch your breath. You bring your seat up and snuggle up against me. I feel your hot lips at my ear.

"That was wonderful, thank you. Are you still on cruise control?"

"Yes"

"Good leave it that way, now it's your turn."

With that, you start nibbling my ear as you finish unbuttoning my shirt and move right on to my shorts. As you lick and tease my nipple, you unzip my shorts and fish out my hard penis.

"You're awfully hard," you whisper in my ear.

"I got that way watching you."

"Well if it's my fault, I guess I should fix it."

You put your head in my lap and take my turgid cock in your hand. "I missed this so much," you say as you rub the head across your lips and cheeks. Then in one swift motion, you take all of me into your mouth and slowly bob up and down, sucking the whole length of me. I reach down to fondle your breasts as you push my hand away and sit up.

"I guess it's time for you to see the rest." You start unbuttoning your dress from the top as I try to divide my attention between you and the traffic. The traffic wins because by the time I look back over at you your dress is open.

"Wow!"

"I told you you'd like what was underneath better." The matching bra is really is a half bra, the cups barely cover the bottom half of your areola. They also push your breasts up so they are almost spilling over the lace edges of the cups. Instinctively I start stroking myself. "You don't need to do that," you say quietly, "that's my job."

You take my hand and put it on your breast as you reach down to stroke me. Within seconds, I feel your lips kissing and sucking the head of my penis as your hand strokes the length of my shaft.

"Sweetie, I can't last the hour it will take us to get home."

You kiss your way up to my face, "Well there's a hotel right there you say pointing out the window, "let's get a room.

"Are you serious?"

"Absolutely," you say as you zip me back up and start rebuttoning your dress, "let's go."

I get off the highway and head for the brand new Marriott. "This is crazy, we're going to spend all this money and not even spend the night."

"Maybe we will stay the night"

"What about…"

"Sleepover and puppy hotel."

"If I didn't know better, I'd think this was already planned out."

You just look at me and smile.

I pull into the driveway. "Pull right up to reception, they have valet parking."

"You've got all the answers don't you?"

We walk up to the front desk. "We have a reservation for the honeymoon suite."

"Certainly Ms. Jones," the desk clerk says. "We've already put your luggage in the room and here are your keys. This one is to the room itself and this one is to the private elevator. Everything is set up for you; you should have complete privacy from the moment you step into the elevator. Enjoy your stay."

We make our way to the elevator and slide the key in to open the doors. The elevator is exquisite. A brass rail all around the car accentuates deep stained mahogany panels about waist high. We step in and as the doors close, I spin you around and kiss you deeply. "So I guess this was a good idea," you say as you reach down to stroke me. "It's not as hard as it was in the car, but I can fix that."

You turn around and lean forward to push the elevator stop button and push back, grinding your ass on my penis. My hands go to your hips and pull you toward me. You take my hands from your hips and put them on your breasts. I squeeze them as you rock back and forth, "oohh now that's better," you say as you reach down to undo my zipper.

I unbutton you your dress as you pull down my shorts and boxers. I finally get the last button undone, peel your dress off your shoulders, and let it fall to the floor.

I kiss your shoulders and back as your bare behind rubs against my hard penis. Without warning, you part your legs slightly, tilt your hips up and take me inside you. The feeling is incredible as the warmth and wetness surrounds my cock. You bend over, grab the brass rail and pull forward then push back. I see you look over your shoulder at smile at me, "I guess you like this?" 

I can only mutter "yes" as waves of pleasure course through my body. My hands go to your hips as you lean back into me and grind in slow circles. I start thrusting in and out, faster and faster as you grind harder and harder. Your hand slips down between my legs as I pump in and out. You fondle my balls as you tell me "come on baby, come on, I want to feel you come inside me." Your words drive me over the edge; I thrust hard one last time pulling your hips toward me and explode inside you, my penis pulsating inside you as I scream your name.

You lean forward to start the elevator again. Then turn to face me and kiss me long and deep. The door opens to our hotel room. You take me by the hand and say "lets go, I've got lots of time to make up for," as you lead me into our room.

I gather up our clothes as you pull me into the hotel room.

"This is incredible," I say taking in the view. Half the room is floor to ceiling windows looking out over the city skyline. A king size canopy bed sits on one side a big screen TV and plush couches on the other. You take one of the robes laid out for us and hand it to me. "Here, put yours on. I'm all sticky and sweaty; I'm hopping in the shower."

"What am I supposed to do?"

"Watch TV, relax. I think there's a mini bar. Don't worry; I'll be out in a little bit."

I put the robe on, make a rum and coke, plop down on the couch and turn on the TV. The humming of the TV coupled with the patter of water from the shower and the strong dink lulls me to sleep.

Your warm lips grazing over mine awaken me.

"Well, hello sleepy head."

"Hi," I say sleepily.

"Time to get ready or we're going to be late for dinner."

I look out the window to see the sun getting low in the sky. Warm rays of orange sunlight stream through the windows. As I shake myself out of my slumber, I realize you're dressed up for dinner. The first thing I notice is the deep crimson lipstick, the sparkling earrings and the heart pendant around your neck that draws my eyes to your cleavage. The low-cut crushed velvet dress accentuates your breasts. My hands reach out to touch you, but you back away. "We don't have time for that now. Go get ready."

I trudge off to the bathroom.

"You know I don't have anything that fancy to wear," I call from the bathroom.

"You do now, it's hanging out here."

I relish in the spacious shower letting the last 12 weeks wash away down the drain. You poke your head in, careful not to get wet, "we don't have all night you know."

"Okay, I'll be out in a minute."

"I put your clothes in here for you."

I get out of the shower to find a brand new tuxedo. I dry off and put on the gray linen suit. As I tie the bowtie, I join you in the room. You're sitting on one of the barstools at the small bar. The slit on the side of your dress shows off your long legs and I can see a little bit of lace from the top of your stockings. I slide up next to you and start stroking your nyloned leg. You brush my hand away and stand up, "Heels tonight, huh?" I ask looking up.

"Yes, they complete the outfit. Besides they aren't that high." You glance down at me slightly. "You clean up pretty good," you say teasingly before kissing me. Just then, the phone rings. "Hello."

"Good evening Mr. Jones, the car is ready."

"The car is ready," I say looking at you incredulously as you shrug your shoulders.

"We'll be right down."

I turn back after hanging up the phone and you're already on your way into the elevator. As I step in the door closes. I put my arm around your waist and pull you close to me. "Any more surprises?"

You look right at me with a gleam in your eye and say, "Absolutely."

Our lips meet in a deep soulful kiss; your arms encircle my neck, a hand on the back of my head pulling my lips to you. We unhurriedly flick the tips of our tongues together. My hands travel down the smooth material of your dress as I slide my hands over your tush and pull you toward me, my stiffening penis rubbing between your legs. You break off the kiss and whisper in my ear, "Slow down we have to have dinner."

I lean down to nibble your neck, "but you're the only thing I'm hungry for. Let's go back upstairs."

You half-heartedly push me away. "I promise the wait will be worth it."

"Okay, I guess I could use some real food."

The doors to the elevator open and the concierge is there to meet us. "Right this way please." He guides us out side to a waiting black limousine. The driver opens the door and you slide in with me right behind you. The interior is huge, with two seats facing each other and space for another one in between them. There is a small bar and fridge on one side and a stereo on the other. "Don't you need to tell him where we are going?" I ask.

"No he knows where we're going," you say as you turn on the stereo.

"Well I'm glad someone does."

"I bet I can make it so you don't care where we go," you say as you take my face in your hands and brush your lips against mine. Your tongue traces my lips until I open them. You put your tongue deep in my mouth, intertwining it with mine. I let out a soft moan as your hand reaches down to rub my swelling penis through the thin material of my pants.

"You're right," I say as the limo pulls onto the highway, "take me wherever you want."

"I will," you say as you spread my legs and kneel between them. You lean forward and kiss me passionately as your hand continues to stroke me. We both breathe harder and harder as we kiss. I pull away and begin kissing and nibbling your neck then run my tongue down your cleavage. "God" you moan, "That makes me so horny."

"That's the idea."

"Well I guess its time to do you one better then," you say opening the fridge and pulling out a bottle of champagne.

You hand it to me. "Open it and pour us some glasses."

"How is this doing me one better?"

You lean to me and whisper in my ear, "Because while you're opening the bottle, I'll be sucking on your big hard cock."

I sit there dumbfounded as you sink to the floor between my legs, undo my belt and pull my pants down. Your hands deftly massage my penis as you butterfly kiss its entire length. Your crimson lips gliding up and down mesmerize me. "Where's my bubbly?" you ask.

As I start to peel the foil off the bottle, you take me in your mouth. Up and down you go on my penis, your hand massaging my shaft while you suck. I finally get the cork to pop and pour a glass that I promptly drain.

"Hey where's mine?"

I pour a glass and hand it to you. You dip your finger in the champagne then run it along the tip of my penis and lean down to lick the bubbly off the tip. You take a sip of the champagne and then hand it to me. "Hold this," you say sexily as your head goes back to my lap.

I watch your crimson lips slide up and down my shaft as your head moves up and down in time with the music. My hands go to the back of your head as I start thrusting my hips, pushing my penis into the warm wetness of your mouth. You reach down to massage my balls as I thrust faster and you match my pace.

"If you don't stop, I'm going to come in your mouth."

You pull your lips off me, look into my eyes and say, "I know, I said I would do you one better." You then suck all of me into your mouth your bright red lips encircling the base of my cock. You slowly suck your way up to the tip then plunge back down to the root. Faster and faster you suck me until my cock twitches and pumps. You keep sucking me until I'm finished then pull my still hard cock out of your mouth.

"Champagne." I hand you the glass that you quickly down and I pour you another. This one goes down quickly too.

As I empty the bottle to pour you another glass you press the intercom, "Driver, we can go to dinner now."

I hand you the glass and straighten myself out.

You snuggle up next to me. I look deep in your eyes, "Amy that was incredible."

You smile at me, "you can reciprocate later."

"Deal, now will you tell me where we're going?"

"We're going somewhere I can satisfy the other craving I've had for the past 86 days."

The limo comes to a stop and the door opens. As I step out, I can't help but laugh.

"Chinatown, huh."

"Can you think of a better place to get Chinese food?"

"No I guess not."

You look at me and smile, "Don't worry. I'll be hungry for you again in thirty minutes."