 We walk arm in arm from the cab and under the arch into Chinatown. Your arms encircle mine, and you lay your head on my shoulder as we walk through the waning daylight.

"So where is this place?" I ask.

"Just a little bit further." You say turning and looking into my eyes.

"I love you," we say together. 

Another block and we get to the restaurant, an old style Chinese place with two huge oak doors. The doors are carved with ornate dragons and pagodas. Opening the door exposes us to an exquisite world of deep red and bright gold tapestries and lamps.

The maitre'd shows us to our table. It's really more of a semi-circular booth with high backs and a small opening into the restaurant. Sitting in it is like sitting in our own private dining room.

The waiter quickly takes our drink order and disappears. I slip my arm around your waist and gently kiss your neck. My other hand massages your leg just above the knee. 

"I love the feel of these nylons," I say.

You look at me and say, "I love the feel of your touch."

Our lips meet as my hand slips further up your thigh past the cool silkiness of the hose and onto the warm smoothness of your skin. Your breasts heave up and down under your velvet dress as your breathing quickens in response to my touch. 

You break away from me, "slow down. Not all of us had our needs taken care of ten minutes ago. You're starting something we can't finish right now."

"Sorry," I say, as the waiter arrives with our mai tais.

We order our food and as soon as the waiter disappears I feel your foot caressing my leg.

"That's not going to keep me from wanting you, you know." 

"I know," you say as your foot travels up landing squarely between my legs. You grin mischievously as you massage my semi-erect penis with your stockinged foot. I become harder as you rub harder.

"Well someone's ready for more in an awful hurry."

"I think you've been watching too many bad 80's movies."

"This part certainly isn't bad," you say as you continue stroking me.

"No I guess it isn't. But if you don't stop soon I'm going to ruin a perfectly good pair of pants."

"Well then I better stop," you say as the food arrives.

The days activities have left us famished and we finish the meal very quickly. Or maybe it's just the desire to get back to the hotel room. We pay the bill and head out into the cool night air, snuggling against each other for the walk back the limo.

As soon as the door closes, we start kissing. My hands roam over your body, caressing you through the soft velvet material. We make out like teenagers during the short trip back to the hotel.

The limo comes to a stop in front of the hotel and we all but run for the elevator. We continue kissing and groping, you moan as I nibble your neck and begin to pull your dress up.

You push away from me. "I'll do that, you just watch." You reach down and slowly begin to raise your dress. My eyes follow the hem up. First the black stockings, then their purple tops with black garters attached. Next come the purple satin panties with black lace trim, then a purple satin bustier which pushes your breasts up creating incredible cleavage.

"What do you think?" you ask as I stand there with a slack jaw.

"I think you look like a Victorian goddess."

The elevator door opens and you walk out. Glancing over your shoulder, you beckon to me, "time to come please your goddess."

I follow you into the room, watching your hips sway back and forth. Quickening my pace I catch up to you next to the bed, grab your hips and pull them toward me. You put your hands on the bed post as my hands go up to caress your breasts. You grind on my hard penis as I kiss the back of your neck and massage your chest. 

You turn to face me, eyes aflame with desire. I reach up and take your face in my hands. I pull you to me, our lips meeting in a hard passionate kiss, tongues seeking each other out. We break the kiss. Breathlessly you say, "You're wearing too many clothes."

Your hands undo the bowtie then move to the shirt buttons, you fumble with the buttons as I kiss the tops of your breasts spilling out from the bustier. You moan with desire as my tongue explores the deep cleavage. You slide my shirt off and your hands move to the back of my head, holding me tight against you. Slowly I kiss my way back up to your neck, then back down to your heaving breasts and back again to your lips.

I take your hands and push them over your head. The corset strains to contain your breasts, your areolas peeking out above the fabric. I take my bowtie and loosely tie your hands to bedpost.

"What are doing?"

"I'm pleasing my goddess. It's loose enough you can get out if you want to, just relax and enjoy it," I say rubbing the smooth satin of your panties. I kiss my way down your body my tongue replacing my hand, tracing the lace edges of the panties, licking lightly at the small piece of fabric. You tilt your hips trying to put my attentions where you want them, as I continue to tease you with my tongue, licking your inner thighs generating whimpers of pleasure.

I hook a thumb inside the panties and pull them to the floor. The wet puffy lips of your pussy call to me and I lick slowly and deliberately. You throw a leg over my shoulder, the heel of your shoe digging into my back as you guide me to where you want me. Your heel digs harder into my back as you rock your hips back and forth; matching the pace I set with my tongue. 

I slip a finger inside you as my attention drifts up to your clitoris. Your cries of pleasure get louder as I lick and suck you until you scream in ecstasy and your body goes limp. I work my way up to your breasts, which the bustier has failed to contain, licking the swollen pink nipples. As I lick and nibble your breast, I hear you whisper, "More."

I kiss my way up to your ear, "More what?" I ask softly, my finger lightly rubbing your swollen lips.

"Lick me some more," you say pleadingly.

I kiss your ear then your neck, down your collarbone and on to your breasts, lingering there to re-harden your nipples. At your urging I continue down and lick you slowly and deliberately, my tongue swirling around your clit as you writhe in ecstasy after several minutes you beg me to stop, and I slowly retrace my path back to your face.

"Why don't you take those pants off?"

I step back and pull my pants off my eyes never leaving you. As I pull off my boxers I watch you climb up onto the bed and lay on your stomach, your hands still tied to the post; unconsciously you lick your lips as you stare at my rock-hard penis.

"Time for the goddess to please you now," you say sexily.

"How are you going to do that?" I ask walking to you.

"I'm going to suck on your big hard cock."

As I get next to you, you take my penis into your mouth with one swift motion. I grab the bedpost as my head reels with desire, your tongue fluttering over the tip as your lips caress the shaft. My hands massage your behind, fingers sliding into the wetness between your legs. My fingers massage your wet sticky muff as you continue to bob up and down on my shaft, sucking me deep in your mouth. You slide your legs off the bed into a sitting position as you kiss your way up my chest and on to my neck. Now standing, you look right at me, a lustful fire burning in your eyes.

You smile and, turning your back to me, bend over at the waist. I get harder, as you look over shoulder and say, "Come on baby, come fuck me from behind."

I grab your hips, burying my cock in your sopping wet pussy with one thrust. I stay there enjoying the warm wetness when you start moving forward and back, slowly at first then faster and faster. Our thrusts are timed perfectly; I can feel the pressure building as you reach back and fondle my sack, touching me in the spot that drives me crazy. With one final thrust I come deep inside you, screaming your name as my penis pulsates inside you.

We collapse on the bed and drift off to sleep in each others arms, spent from the nights activities.