 Chapter 01: Brad Confesses

(I promise if you allow me to finish this story you will be happy with the outcome for all parties involved. I love this story and it seems to take on a life of itself when I start to write. It is my hope that you enjoy it, vote for it, and continue reading.

************************ ***********************

"Hang on just a sec." I said to Brad as I grabbed some clean underwear and a pair of dress pants and put them on. Walking to the door I was dreading this conversation. Knowing that this was going about the great news he had. When I opened the door he almost knocked me down to get in. 

"We need to talk little brother." He said with a severe look on his face.

Trying to think back I knew that Jen and I had been quiet and that he did not hear us. At least I didn't think so. "What's up Brad?" Dreading the answer.

"I asked Jen to marry me last night and she said yes." He said looking at his shoes. What am I supposed to say to that? 

"Well isn't that what you wanted?"

"If you had asked me that 6 months ago I would have said yes, but not now." 

Now he had my full attention. "What do you mean? I heard you two last night and this morning. Didn't sound like you had any doubts then bro." Brads' face actually turned red.

"I didn't say that I had doubts about fucking her. I just don't know if I still love her in the same way." 

Holy shit....Is he serious. "What brought this on? Have you met someone else?" I said laughing, but Brad did not laugh. "Are you serious? When? Where? You have been in Iraq for fifteen months." 

"Shut up Seth." Brad said running his hand over his head. 

"She is the medic in my unit and..... I love her. I love her in a way that I have never felt for Jennifer. Don't get me wrong. I love Jen but not in the same way. Man we were kids when we got together and she was all that I had known until I met Jami." 

Brad was blowing my mind, how am I going to handle this. "Why in the hell did you ask her to marry you then stupid?" 

"I got caught up in the moment and I didn't want to hurt her. She was so happy to see me and my god Seth I forgot what it was like to fuck her." I wanted to punch him in the mouth, but didn't think that would help my cause any. 

"Brad you have to tell her. You can't let her tell everyone and then dump her!" I said a little too excited, but not only was this the best news I had heard I didn't want Jen to be embarrassed. 

"Let me ask you something. Something that might make this easier for the both of you." Not knowing how to tell him about me and Jen I thought I might try this first. "What if Jen has met someone else?" Brad looked at me like I had just shot him. Maybe this was not the way to go with this. 

"Then why in the hell would she say yes Seth? Why would she fuck me all night, like she hadn't had any since I left?"

"I am just asking, what if?" 

Brad sat on the edge of the bed for what seemed hours but was only a few seconds. "That would make me feel a lot better. That I hadn't hurt. I do care about her. What am I going to do? I need to stop her before she goes down stairs. Mom and dad are already up." 

"Brad I need to tell you something..."

"Hey guys you ready to go down?" Jen asked through the bathroom door.

"Just a minute Jen, will you wait in your room a sec and I'll be right there." Brad said through the door. 

"What did you want to say Seth, hurry up I need to talk to Jen." Brad started to walk towards the door. 

"Just wait a minute Brad, let me get Jen. We all need to talk."

Walking through the bathroom to get Jen was the longest walk I had ever taken. I opened her door without knocking and there she sat on her bed trying not to cry. "Hey Jen, come on we need to talk to Brad, he is in my room." I could see the fear on her face. As she came closer to my side she whispered, "Does he know?"

"No." Was all I could say.

Brad was sitting on the bed when we walked in. I could see the hurt in his eyes. There was no way that this was going to be easy. "Jen, Brad needs to tell you something and I think you have something to tell him." She looked at me as though I had just hit her in the gut and betrayed her. Lord I hoped this worked.

"What's the matter Brad? Are you O.K?" Jen asked with sincere concern in her eyes, She went to sit beside him on the bed taking his hand in hers. 

My Big Brother looked at me with tears in eyes. Never in my life had I seen my brother cry. I gave him a nod to tell her the truth. 

"Jen, I am not sick. At least not physically. I need to tell you something, but I don't want to hurt you." Jen looks at me confused and scared. Then she turns back to Brad. 

"What is it Brad? You are starting to scare me." 

"Jennifer you know I love you and that you have been my heart and soul since high school, if not longer?" She nods at Brad but says nothing. "I don't know how to say this. So I am just going to tell you. Jen I have met someone." Blinking, trying to hold her tears back she sits staring at Brad. 

Taking her hand out of his she looks at me......and smiles. "Did you tell him Seth?" 

"No." 

"Tell me what? What are you two talking about?" Brad stands up looking at me. Yep he figured it out. "I am going to kill you little brother!" He spits out through gritted teeth as he starts towards me. 

"Brad!" Jen yells, "What is your problem?" 

"What is my problem? What is my problem? It seems that my little brother gets off on fucking my girlfriend while I am gone fighting in Iraq." 

Getting in between us Jennifer looks into Brad's eyes with tenderness and takes off his ring and hands it to him. 

"I think you might have bought this for someone else." Brad looks at her, and his color starts to return and he sits back down on the edge of the bed. Jen bends down on her knees putting her hands in his. "We both have moved on Brad. You have found someone and I have too. I love you and I always will. I will always be here for you but I am in love with Seth. Are you in love with this girl?" 

Brad looks into her eyes, "Yes Jen I love her, but I still love you. Just not in the same way."

"I know. Can I ask you a question Brad?" 

"Sure." 

"If you love this other girl, why did you ask me to marry you?" Brad actually turned red. 

"I guess I was caught up in the moment and I really did miss you. Why did you say yes? Better yet why did you spend the night making love to me? And little brother how could you let her?" 

"It wasn't his fault. We talked about how to handle you coming home and there was no way in hell either of us was going to have you go back to Iraq upset or hurt." Jen said with love in her eyes.

Standing up Brad walks towards me, "Take care of her little brother or I swear I Will Kill You." Then he hugs me. 

"Hey Brad. When do we get to meet this girl?" I couldn't believe Jen actually asked him that. Laughing, Brad tells her that she is staying in the hotel in town and we can all go see her this afternoon. 

After dinner.

"I'll leave you two alone to decide how to tell mom and dad. I'll be in my room." 

"Oh no you don't big brother. We are all in this together." 

"Okay, let me call Jami and I'll be back in a few." 

Brad hugs Jen on his way out the door. "I love you." 

"I know and I love you too." 

"That's enough you two, I have shared plenty enough this weekend." Brad looks at me with a shit eating grin on his face and pulls Jen to him and kisses her way longer than was needed. Then he walks out the door laughing.

"Not funny Jennifer Jenkins." I say grabbing her and throw her on my bed lying down next to her. "My God Jen, I love you. Love you more than you will ever know." 

"Then show me. Show me how much you love me." She says taking off her sun dress leaving her with only lacey yellow panties on. I jump up and lock the door taking my pants and underwear off on the way.

I have never seen Jen this happy. She is glowing, lying in my bed waiting for me. We no longer have secrets, I can love her whenever I want to and right now I want to. 

"Seth." 

"Yeah?" 

"Come here and fuck me. Make me come in the way only you can." What an invitation. 

My cock is hard and wants nothing more than to be inside Jen but he will have to wait. Leaning on the edge of the bed I grab her behind her knees and pull towards the end of the bed. As I pull off the lacey panties she has already made wet waiting on me I smile at her. "In a hurry sweetie? You are so wet." 

"I can wait as long as you can." She says with a smile. We'll just see about that.

Pulling her to the end of the bed I get on my knees and place her knees over my shoulders. Slowly nibbling at her inner thigh up to her pussy I can feel the warmth and see the wetness. I use my tongue to put pressure on her little clit and slowly circle. She is pushing her cunt down for better contact with my tongue and moaning my name. 

"Are you ready? Do you want my dick inside you? Do you want me to suck your clit until you want to scream? Or do you want me to fuck you with my fingers?" 

"Fuck you Seth." She hissed through gritted teeth as her pussy became wetter with my words.

"What? You are panting, I couldn't tell what you said." 

"Seth please!" 

"Please what sweetie, tell me what you want." 

"All of it.. Everything! I want it all. I want everything you can give me." God I hope Brad takes his time talking to his new woman so I can take time loving mine.

As I run my tongue up her slit I push it in and fuck her with it as my thumb is rubbing her clit with gentle pressure. When I pull my tongue out Jen pushes her cunt towards my mouth trying to reconnect the pressure. My God she taste so good, I want to eat her pussy until she comes, but my dick has other ideas. I know Jen though and she loves to have fingers in pussy. Giving her one last long slow lick from her opening to her clit. I pull my face away again she moans louder, "Please Brad fuck me please." Jens pussy is so wet and hot, she is pulling my hair trying hard to pull me up to her, but I want to take her slow to let her know that she is now and forever mine. 

"Shhh Jen, mom and dad are up." I tease her.

"I am going to come Seth."

"Not yet, let me have some fun. I want to love you in all the ways you love." Slipping a finger into her wet pussy she moans again. I get up and lay on the bed never taking my finger out of her I pull her up to the head of the bed and slowly insert another finger. This time when she moans my name I am there to take her mouth with mine and I kiss her moving my tongue in and out of her the same way my fingers are fucking her. "Seth please. Please put your dick in me. Come with me. Please." 

"How bad do you want me Jen?" To my surprise she moves dislodging my fingers. She has never pulled away from me before. 

Before I know what is going on she has shoved me on my back and is now straddling my cock. "How bad do you want me?" She said looking down at me, teasing my cock with her pussy. 

"Not funny." I tell her as I lift my ass off the bed to push my dick into her. Not letting me down she comes down on my cock, fully taking it in. Never in my life have I had a girl ride me. "Jen, I am going to come." Smiling, she says me too. When she starts moving up and down my cock faster and harder all I can do is grab onto her ass and follow her lead. 

"Seth I am going to come, fuck me. Fuck me hard." Grabbing her waist I roll her over and pound into her as fast and hard as I can. This time I couldn't tell you screamed louder.

But I could hear Brad laughing through the thin walls.

TO BE CONTINUED...