 "Liz! Why aren't you ready yet? Ughhhh!" groaned Jayme as she stormed into my hotel room. "What's the hold up? C'mon Liz. Everybody is waiting on us at the spot."

It's our college homecoming weekend and my best friend Jayme is the least patient person in the world—at least I think so. We met back during orientation our freshman year of college and have been stuck like glue ever since.

We graduated 10 years ago, so tonight our class was having a mix and mingle. I debated on even coming, but Jayme was persistent and insistent that I come with her. Only, she suggested we get separate rooms in case we get lucky—and I don't mean in the casino kind of way.

Both Jayme and I are what you would consider BBWs. I'm about 5'2", have thighs that rub together, and rock a size 46DD bra. I have some jiggle, if you get what I'm saying, which I've been only recently came to accept and embrace. Jayme is taller than me by about six inches and a little smaller in all areas, but not much. We're both dark brown skin, with my shade a slightly darker, closer to a dark chocolate color.

I was in the bathroom styling my hair when I heard Jayme say "Oh no!"

Within seconds, Jayme was at the bathroom door holding up my outfit for the night.

"You're not wearing this tonight are you?" she questioned.

"Yeah. It's comfortable and cute. Unlike you, I just want to chill," I responded as I grabbed the pair of jeans and fitted shirt with the college name. "It's a mix and mingle right? So we're just going to catch up, chat and see what everyone is up to nowadays. It's not a date or club thing."

"Chill? You need to find you some dick. Ever since you and Vic broke up you've been in a slump. Some good dick will solve that quick and I'm not talking about that little friend you packed," she said laughing. "But for real, so what it's a mix and mingle? Make'em turn heads and shit. Make'em say 'Dammmmnnnnn, Liz got it going on!' because you do girl. Now, what else do you have in here?"

Jayme retreated to dig through my suitcase. After a few moments, she yelled "I'll be back" and left.

Not thinking anything of it, I finished my hair and as I was preparing to put on my clothes, I heard Jayme swipe the entry card and walk in with what looked to be a black dress and red pumps.

"Here, put this on," she demanded. "I bought it last week because I just knew this clothing travesty was going to happen."

I took the dress and held it up. "Where's the rest of it Jayme?"

"That's it," she said laughing. "You're going to show some skin tonight honey. I know you like to dress conservatively and whatnot, so it's not too much skin. Just enough to get everyone's attention. Trust me, you'll look good in it."

"Fine, but if anything is falling out of it—boob, butt, anything, I'm wearing my jeans and shirt," I responded.

After putting it on, I must admit. I did look good! It was a little snug, but showed all the right curves and the deep neck cut displayed a little cleavage. The back of the dress cinched right above my ass, so it gave me a nice curve. The dress stopped about mid-thigh so it was shorter on me than I would have chosen, but overall, not bad. Jayme did well with this one.

"See? Told you!" shrieked Jayme as she looked me over. "Looking good Miss Liz! Let's go get some dick!"

After arriving at the spot, we discovered were actually quite on time. Most people were also just arriving. Jayme and I split for a little while catching up with former classmates. She was right again. I saw some of the men, and women, look at me as I walked by. I must admit, I did enjoy the attention, but hooking up with someone tonight wasn't on my mind.

But, that quickly changed when I saw him. Professor Jones.

In college, all the girls wanted to take his history class. A clean-cut, athletic guy, he was also the youngest professor at the college at the time. In his late 20s or early 30s by my guess. Oh, and he had a deep voice to die for.

He was wearing dark slacks and a red button down shirt with the top button unfastened. He was a little more muscular than I remember. And instead of the clean-cut look he once had, he now had a goatee with a couple of grey streaks running through it. Despite the change, he was still fine.

He stood over near the back room talking with some guys I remember from some of my classes. Being the person I am, I didn't want to interrupt so I kept working the room until I saw Jayme again. We sat down on a nearby sofa and started sharing who we talked to while sipping on strawberry daiquiris.

"Oh, and did you see Professor Jones?" said Jayme. "I'm shocked there wasn't some scandal back in the day with that man. I know he could've had sex with any one of us girls. I don't know anyone who wasn't attracted to him."

"Right! He's still fine. But, he's probably all married and tied down now," I responded.

After a while, we noticed the crowds started getting thinner. David, the organizer of the mix and mingle, came over and gave us a run down of the weekend's events. The weekend was going to be full, but maybe it was worth coming after all.

Finally the time came for the mix and mingle to come to an end. We started heading out of the building, when I heard someone with a deep voice say "Elizabeth? Is that you?"

I turned around to find that it was Professor Jones calling my name.

"Professor! How are you? It's good to see you!" I said, trying to hold back my true level of excitement that after all of these years he still remembered me.

"It's good to see you too! I'm doing well. David invited me to attend since some of my first students I ever taught were part of your class," said Professor Jones. "So how are you? Last I heard you were doing some freelance writing work?"

"Yes, I write for a few different publications. Mostly features on different people making an impact in their communities. It's actually pretty cool to be able to share their stories. I guess that's why I enjoyed your history class," I said.

"Well, you were one of my best students so I'm not surprised to hear you doing so well. That's awesome," he said as I caught him giving me a once over. After an ackward pause, "Elizabeth, there's a new jazz coffeehouse right down the street that I've been meaning to check out. It's open for another hour or so. Care to join me? The historian in me is curious about your adventures and learning more about your work."

"Um, yeah. And maybe you can give me some advice on something I've been thinking about venturing into—doing personal history documentations. Some folks have asked me about doing so over the years, but it's a little different than writing for a magazine or online pub. Let me let Jayme know that I'll catch a cab back to our hotel," I said, secretly super excited to spend some one-on-one time with the fine professor.

As I walked back over to Jayme, she gave me curious look. When I told her that I was going to the jazz coffeehouse with the professor, she laughed.

"He's interested in your work alright and it's not your writing Liz. The way that man looked at you, let's just say either that dress or what you were saying was working," Jayme said with a laugh. "Go 'head girl, get some learning in. Maybe he can teach you a few things and finally you can get out of this slump."

"Whatever Jayme. I'll see you back at the hotel," I said as I rolled my eyes.

"Uh huh. We'll since you're going to fuck, I mean hang out, with the professor, I think I'm going to head over to the party David told me he's having at his place. I saw a couple of men I need to get to know better. Enjoy yourself Liz," Jayme said as she started walking over to where David was standing.

"Is everything good? If you and Jayme had plans please don't let me interrupt," said Professor Jones when I return to where he was standing.

"Oh, she's fine. She's headed over to David's for a party. That's not really my type of thing anyway. So, tell me about this jazz coffeehouse?"

The place was cool, with sofas and couches everywhere with small tables and a live jazz band was playing. Some folks were on the dance floor slow dancing, but most were sitting around talking and enjoying each other's company. 

Professor Jones and I ordered our drinks and sat down in a corner that was a little quieter, but also a little darker than the rest of the room. 

"So Professor Jones, like I mentioned earlier, I'm interested in doing personal history documentations. Have you done those before?"

"Yes, I have. And just call me by my first name—Thomas. I heard a few folks call you Liz, is that your preference?"

"Yes, Liz is fine. Elizabeth is so formal. I use it for my writing bylines, but Liz is what most people call me," I said smiling.

We chatted for a while about the process of doing personal history documentations and some of the challenges. Then we started talking about our interests, learning more about one another and relationships. I was shocked to find out that he wasn't married although he also recently got out of a relationship.

I hadn't realized that we had moved closer and closer to each other on the couch. I don't know what came over me—okay, I do—but I leaned over initiating a kiss with Thomas that he fully received. Soon, his arm was around my waist, slightly grabbing my love handles, while his other hand cupped my face.

I could feel my pussy starting to throb and my thighs began rubbing together in excitement. Suddenly, I leaned up realizing where we were and wondering if anyone was watching. Everyone seemed to be engrossed in their own conversation, or more accurate, their make-out sessions. What was this place? It went from being like a hangout space to suddenly a hook up place.

"Are you okay?" said Thomas snapping me out of my worry.

"Yeah, sorry. I've never done something like that before. I don't know—" I said before he interrupted me.

"You're good. Don't worry about it, no one is going to say anything if that's what you're worried about," he said in a comforting voice before leaning back in and resuming our passionate kiss.

He hand slowly creeped under the hem of my dress and without any thought, I began parting my thighs which became an invite for his hand to go between my thighs. He began rubbing my pussy from the outside of my panties and I so desperately wanted him to touch me. My hand quickly found the bulge in his pants and began rubbing it. It was much larger than I expected. Both long and thick. The kind that makes you walk a little funny after some great fucking.

"Let's go to my hotel room," I whispered. Without a word, we got up, and went outside to catch a cab. As soon as we arrived at my hotel room, all self-restraints went out the window.

I kicked off my pumps, pulled up my dress to my hips and removed my panties before falling back on the bed ensuring to open my legs as wide as I could to ensure my thick thighs had enough gap to allow Thomas full access to my pussy. He then slide in between my thighs and parted my pussy lips, playing with my clit with his thumb before lightly licking at my hard nub.

"Mmmm Thomas," I groaned and placed my hand on top of his head pushing him further into my pussy. He traced the outside of my clit before spelling L-I-Z in the space between my clit and right pussy lip. It took me a whole new level and I began grinding my pussy against his face. I wanted his goatee to be filled with my pussy juices. Hell, I wanted his face to glisten with it.

Thomas continued to lick my clit as he entered one, then two fingers, into my pussy. He curled one of the fingers as it came out giving me a sensation I've never felt before.

"Oh. My.....Ooohhhh!" I moaned as I starting cumming and finally settling after I came down from my climax.

Thomas sat up and began un-buttoning his shirt. I noticed his hairless chest and a few tattoos on his upper arm. I have a things for tats, so it made him even more attractive to me.

I continued to watch him as he removed all of his clothes and used his shirt to wipe my pussy juices off his face. I decided to follow suit and sat up to unzip my dress and take it off as well as my bra. Now that I was sitting up, I finally got a clear view of his dick and it made my pussy throb again. As soon as he sat down on the bed, I began stroking it.

In a gentle tone, Thomas encouraged me to "Suck it Liz. I want to feel your mouth on this dick" And with that, I got on all fours and bent down to put as much of his dick into my mouth as I could. He laid back on the bed and moved my legs so that he could have easier access to finger my pussy.

Sucking dick usually isn't my favorite thing to do, but tonight I wanted it to fill my mouth so bad. I was hungry for it.

I used one hand to stroke the base of his dick and the other to massage his balls as I used my elbow to steady myself. Either as payback or maybe I was doing a good job, Thomas ran his fingers through my hair to the back of my head to put in more and more of his dick.

I could tell he was enjoying it and getting closer to cumming because the fingering was becoming more frantic and his breathing more labored.

"Arrghhh, Liz damn girl. Dammmmmnnnn! I'm about to cum. Where you want to take this shot?" he managed to get out while breathing hard.

I sat up enough to place his dick in between my breasts and use them to continue to stroke his dick and occasionally take a lick at it. Within moments, Thomas's body began stiffing and like a geyser, his cum shot up and onto my breasts. Once he finished, I took my right index finger to scoop up some of the cum and sucked it off my finger.

I positioned myself so that my legs and thighs were spread apart and my pussy facing toward him. Taking the same finger I just used to swallow some of his cum, I began fingering myself. With my left hand, I began massaging my titties and rubbing my nipples.

I glanced down at his dick and noticed Thomas had begun rubbing it again as he watched me pleasure myself. I stopped before I could cum and he took the cue.

"Turn over Liz. Let me see that nice ass of yours," he instructed as he placed himself behind me. I could feel his large dick against my ass and after rubbing it inside of my pussy lips to get it wet with my juices, he rammed it into my pussy, filling it up.

"Yes baby, this is what I'm talking about. I'm about to teach you some thangs! Ooooh shit you feel so good," moaned Thomas.

Using my love handles almost like reins, he pounded my pussy and despite my attempts to be quite all I could say was "Oh shit, oooooh shit!"

I glanced back at Thomas and noticed him leaning back and in a swift move, he lifted both my legs putting me into a wheelbarrow position.

"Damn Thomas!" I had never anyone do that to me before and I didn't think it was possible, but his dick went even further into my pussy in this position. I could feel my juices running all out of my pussy and down my thighs.

"You like this don't you? You're so wet!" said Thomas has he continued to pound my pussy.

I could feel my pussy tighten on his dick after awhile. "Come for me, come on it!"

Suddenly, I began to shake.

"Come on this dick, that's it come for me," Thomas demanded as he placed my legs back down and again grabbed my sides, holding them tight as he sped up his pace.

"Ahhhhhh!" screamed Thomas as he began to cum in my pussy and we rode the climax wave together until we collapsed on the bed.

We cuddled until we fell asleep on the bed full of wet spots.

***********

The next morning, I woke up to the sound of the shower running and glanced around the room in a pleasant shock at what took place the night before.

I got up and found my cell phone. I had five text messages and two missed calls from Jayme. I listened to her latest voicemail and burst out laughing.

"Since when you don't answer the phone? Damn, the Professor must be tearing that pussy up! It's all good, though girl. Let's just say I'm still at David's and um, I enjoying exploring his house. Haha! I'll see you at the alumni brunch later! Enjoy the dick!"

Professor Jones had indeed taught me some things and this was one weekend class I don't mind.