 It's still early, six am. I wrap a towel around myself and walk out Brads' door to head for the room I have been using. Not expecting to run into Seth this early in the morning I was surprised to see him leaning against his door frame.

"Have an eventful morning 'sweetie'?" Seth said with a scowl on his face. I had been dreading this conversation since he left Brad and me alone yesterday.

He pulled me into his room and I just looked up at him my face turning red. "Seth, you knew this was going to happen." Running his fingers down my neck he slid one under the top of my towel, gave it a yank and it dropped to the floor.

"Yeah, but doesn't mean I have to like it."

"Do you know how hard it is to lay here and listen to you moan. Every time I closed my eyes I could see your beautiful face with that look you get when you are about to come. I had to jack off to my brother fucking you last night and then again this morning. So what are you going to do for me now? I have been a good boy liked you asked me too." Seth said looking at me with nothing but pure lust in his eyes. 

"Seth, Brad asked me to marry him last night." I said as I showed him the ring shining on my finger. To my surprise he didn't say anything he just took my hand and put my finger in his mouth and took the ring off with his teeth. 

"When we are alone you take it off and don't talk about Brad and I will keep my promise to be good while he is home." 

"You are not doing a very good job of being good." I tell him as he locks his door picks me up and carries me to the bathroom that our bedrooms just happen to share. "Seth, Brad could come in.. We shouldn't." Putting me down he walks to my side of the bathroom closes the door and locks it. 

"Now if my brother comes in he will have to knock." 

"Seth we can't." 

"Get in the shower and shut up, we don't have much time and I'll be damned if I am going to listen to brother fuck you and not make love to you myself."

"Jen did you know that I could hear you through the wall?" 

"Yes." 

"Is that why you never once told Brad that you loved him?" Jen looked down at her feet as the hot water ran over her shoulders. 

"No, you know why." She said quietly. 

"Tell me Jen, tell me why." I said as I lathered her shampoo in her hair. I could tell that Jen was stressed and I was not helping either, but I needed to know. I needed to hear her say it.

"Jen?" She turned toward me looked up at me with tears streaming down her face. 

"Because I love you. I love you Seth. But I will not send Brad back to Iraq heartbroken. I do still love him and care about him, I just don't love him in the same way anymore." She said now sobbing in my arms. 

I understood. Understood completely.

When it came to my brother I didn't want to hurt him either. I love my brother and somehow in the last year I had fallen in love with his girlfriend. 

"What are we going to do about this engagement?" I asked as I dried us both off. 

"I don't know Seth. He is only going to be home for a few days. Let's get through that then we will figure something out. OK?" 

"K." I said taking her hand leading her to my bed. 

"You have to be quiet. Do you think you can do that?" I asked Jen smiling at her. 

She smiled at me as she got on her knees and ran her nails down my thighs causing my dick to twitch toward her mouth. Smiling she ran her tongue around the head of my dick licking the pre-cum like a kitten licking milk. 

"Jen, I am not going to last long." Taking both of my hands and pulling me down to the floor she put her arms around my neck and kissed me. I could taste my cum on her tongue which made me hotter. When she pulled away she moved her sweet lips to my ear lobe, which sent shivers through my body. 

"Seth." 

"Yeah." 

"I love you." At that declaration I pulled Jens lips to mine, laid her on the floor.

"I love you too." 

"Make love to me Seth. I want to feel you in me. I want to feel you cum in me." Spreading her legs I positioned myself between them and slid my cock into her warm, wet waiting pussy.

"Jennifer, do you know what you do to me? I don't know if I can make it through a few more days of listening to you and Brad 'make love'." I said as I slowly pulled out and slid back into her. 

"Seth, please just shut up. I know it is hard but we have to do this, for his sake. And I don't make love to him anymore. I fuck him." 

"MMMMM Seth you are going to make me come, you feel so good in me." 

"Do you want me to go faster? Or is this good enough for you?" I asked as I slowly pulled my dick out just enough so that the tip was still in her, and pushed back in slowwww. She wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled me closer to her. 

"I want you to come in me, now. Please Seth." I needed no more encouraging. Bending over Jen I placed both hands on the floor beside her head and pumped into her hard and fast. 

"Jen, I am going to come are you ready? Remember be quiet." She shook her head yes, arched her pussy up to meet my thrust and we both came.

Knock...knock... 

"Jen you ready?" It was Brad. 

"Shit." I said rolling off Jen so she could go the bathroom. 

"Almost Brad. I'll meet you down stairs in a few. K?" 

"Okay, I'll see you down stairs."

Putting my arms around Jens waist and kissing her neck we both looked into the mirror. "Don't forget this." I said, handing her Brads' engagement ring. 

"I need another shower, and now I have to hurry." 

"Jen don't. Just get dressed, and when we are down stairs at least we will know that I was the last person to make love to you and my scent will remain. It is only fair, since you have to wear that thing on your finger for all to see." 

"If that will make you happy, but I have to shower some time." She said smiling at me. 

"I know, and maybe things will work out that I can be the one to help you out. Now go get dressed, and try not to wear anything to sexy." 

Kissing her on the neck I started to grow hard. Jen felt my cock press against her cute little ass and moved away. "No time, go get ready for church. Hey Seth." 

"What?" 

"I love you." She said as she walked through the door into her room. 

How in the hell was I going to make it through the next few days. 

"Seth." I heard Brad outside my door. Just what I need, to look at my brother after I just made love to his 'fiancé'. 

"Yeah Brad." 

"You ready?" 

"Almost, I'm getting dressed. " 

"Let me in. I need to talk to you about something."