 With my wife out of town for the week at a professional conference, I was on my own for the evening's entertainment. Not being a particularly outgoing sort, I stopped by the local video store to grab a couple of what passed for x-rated movies in our small town. I figured I'd spend the evening getting off alongside a pepperoni pizza and a couple of beers. I made my way out of the adult aisle trying to be inconspicuous, yet nonchalant, when I bumped into Carrie, a friend and co-worker. I tried to quickly turn the movies over in my hand so she wouldn't see what my plans for the night entailed, but in my haste they fell the floor revealing their erotic titles. Carrie chuckled as I sheepishly picked them up. I tried explaining that with my wife away, it was the only opportunity I had to partake of this particular genre of films. 

"Your wife doesn't enjoy dirty movies?" Carrie asked.

"She'd probably kick me out of the house if she even knew I was watching 'em," I responded with a nervous laugh. "It's a guy thing, I guess. Most women I know are turned off by the thought of dirty movies."

"Not all of us," Carrie replied with a smile. "I'll watch them from time to time. They can serve a useful purpose, especially when you're alone. As long as they don't try too hard to have a story line. I mean, what's the point?" 

We laughed and small-talked a little more. The thought entered my mind to invite her over to watch them with me, but being a bit shy (not to mention happily married) I didn't want to risk the chance that she'd see my invitation as a come-on, or worse yet, that my wife would somehow find out. After a few more minutes of chatting, we parted ways. 

"Enjoy your bachelor's evening," Carrie called down the aisle with a grin that turned my face red. 

Once home, I popped open a beer and called my wife at her hotel. When she asked what I was doing tonight I told her I'd rented a couple of Bruce Willis flicks, ones that she'd never have any interest in seeing. After the call, I ordered the pizza and changed into some loose fitting pajama bottoms and a t-shirt. The pj's would allow my lonely cock to stretch and bob unimpeded during the films. 

About 20 minutes later the doorbell rang. Expecting the pizza guy, I went to the door, cash in hand. "No charge for the visit," Carrie said eyeing the $20 bill. "But, I thought you could use a little company tonight. Hope you don't mind." 

"Of course not" I stammered, obviously surprised to see her. "Come on in." 

Going back to my thoughts at the video store, I hoped my dick wouldn't embarrass me as she walked in the door. Carrie had been one of my fantasies ever since we met 3 or 4 years ago. A Florida girl who had moved west for the job, Carrie was outgoing and flirtatious. She stood about 5'4" with shoulder length brown hair shaping her round face, her brown eyes almost as dark as her hair. You could still make out the faint hint of the freckles that must have covered her as a teenager. Her smile outlined by thin pink lips turned me into an awkward teenager with a crush on the beautiful girl next door. She had the most wonderful heart-shaped ass tucked inside her modestly tight Levis. I could only imagine the sensation of those soft cheeks squeezed in my hands. Her breasts, though not large, were full and round under the white cotton t-shirt she was wearing. The tips of her nipples were almost imperceptible, but readily apparent to my hopeful gaze. 

The pizza guy showed up just as Carrie was coming in. "Keep the change", I said my eyes glued to Carrie's ass, not realizing I had just given him an $8 dollar tip on a $12 pizza. 

"Do you like pepperoni", I asked Carrie as she followed me to the kitchen. 

"All I ever order," she replied.

I pulled out a couple plates and a beer for her and it dawned on me that I was still hanging loose in my pj bottoms. 

"Let me go change into something a bit more appropriate," I said, fearing that at any moment my eight inches would suddenly awake from its slumber and inappropriately present its horny little self to my guest. 

"Oh, don't change on my account," she said. "No need for you to be a formal host. Just relax and enjoy the evening. Seeing how comfortable you are, I only wish I'd thought to bring my pj' over here." Deciding to set aside my shyness, I risked the potential embarrassment and kept the pj's on.

We ate our pizza on the couch, trading gossip from work with some idiotic rerun for background noise. She was fun to talk to, always ready with an outrageous opinion on whomever we were talking about. We quickly drained a couple beers apiece before the conversation started to lag. She caught me staring at her tits a couple of times and I wondered how she'd respond if I made the move I knew I shouldn't make. Her cheeks were getting redder from the beer, making her face and her dark eyes shine even more than usual. I knew I wanted her, but also knew that I couldn't be the one make the first move.

"Do you still have those movies?" she asked, "or have you already watched 'em?" 

"I'm not quite that hard-up," I said. "They're still here, but I'm not sure that I should be corrupting a pure and innocent young thing like you with my nasty bachelor habits." 

"Try me," she replied. Oh, how I wanted to, I thought. I retrieved the movies and asked her which one she wanted to see first. She chose one and I slipped it into the VCR. Knowing what would soon be on the TV, it was all I could do to silently talk my dick into behaving himself. 

"You look so comfortable," Carrie said. "I don't suppose I could borrow one of your wife's nightgowns for a while? It'd beat these tight-ass jeans" 

"Sure," I stammered. "But all she ever wears is flannel." 

"Perfect," she said as she followed me into the bedroom. "I wouldn't want to provide too much temptation while you're here all alone. Or at least supposed to be alone," she said with a wink and a smile. I opened my wife's pajama drawer and told her to take her pick. There were about half a dozen flannel nightgowns in there, and at the very bottom, I was hoping she'd notice a short, red silky thing that hadn't been out of the drawer in a long time. I left Carrie on her own to make her decision and change. I have to say I was a bit disappointed when she reappeared in one of the flannels. But she had left the front buttons undone, and as she settled in on the couch next to me I could make out the swells of her now unsupported breasts under the soft cotton material. 

We started the movie, I don't even recall the name, and just as she said she liked, there was absolutely no story line. Within the first three minutes, a large-breasted, slutty looking woman was masturbating on a hotel bed while three muscular, greasy looking window washers leered at her from outside. The movie cruised along predictably for the next few minutes, both of us chuckling over the various sexual antics and positions, wondering aloud if any real people did those kinds of things. I had to keep my arm across my lap because no matter how bad the movie was, my dick couldn't handle sitting still with all the fucking and sucking going on the screen. Likewise, Carrie was enjoying the scenes, tossing me a raised eyebrow now and again as the film got particularly hot. 

"Another beer?" I asked, not immediately recognizing that to get it for her I'd have to get up and walk across the room, my boner unrestrained but for a thin layer of cotton.

"Sure," she replied. "It is getting a bit warm in here."

My next trick was to try to get up off the couch without making my straining erection too obvious. I casually slipped my dickhead under the waistband of my pj's and walked very carefully to the kitchen. 

When I returned Carrie had moved towards the center of the couch and drawn up her legs. The bottom of her nightgown was pulled up over her knees, exposing the bottom of her smooth white thighs. As I handed her the beer, my cock slid out from under the elastic, pushing a pointed wall of plaid flannel towards Carrie's outreached hand.

"Which one's for me," Carrie giggled. She leaned towards me as she laughed at my embarrassment providing me with a nearly full view of her tits down the front of her cotton nightgown. 

"You're just lucky you don't have to deal with these things," I told her as I quickly sat down and tried to move my dick back to a less obvious position. "You never know just when these things are going to pop out and embarrass you." 

"Don't be embarrassed. If I had one it would probably be doing the same thing by now." She turned and looked at me, smiling now as if to say, you make a move, no one's gonna stop you.

As we watched the rest of the movie, the distance between us gradually closed. When her exposed leg came into contact with mine, I didn't move away. She looked at me with her soft dark brown eyes and quietly positioned herself where I could do nothing but put my arm around her. As I did, she took my hand and placed it between her breasts. She leaned into me, looked up and our lips met in a tentative kiss. 

That tentativeness quickly gave way to a full and passionate kiss. Her mouth opened and my tongue found its way inside her. Carrie reached her hand up under my t-shirt and ran her fingers through my chest hair. She pulled away from our kiss, grabbed the bottom of my shirt and pulled it up over my head. She began kissing my chest circling her tongue around my nipples. I could feel the weight of her arm pressing down on my cock as she caressed my chest and neck with her mouth. 

I pulled her head closer to my chest while my other hand found the curves of her breasts under the nightgown. Her round breasts were firm to the touch. She sighed as my fingers found the nipple of her right breast. I gently squeezed the little nub and circled it with my thumb and index finger, feeling it grow under my touch. I slipped my hand inside the front of the nightgown, cupping first one breast then the other in my hand. 

Carrie reached down and grabbed my hardened shaft through my pj's. She looked up and smiled as she ran her hand up and down my dick. She pulled down the elastic on the pants finally freeing my cock from its flimsy restraints. Her left hand cupped my balls as she took a good long look at my waiting cock. She gave me a quick kiss before lowering her mouth to my groin. With my balls resting in her palm, she placed the head of my dick on her tongue. Her soft lips gently kissed the head before she ran her lips up and down the length of the shaft. She came back to the top and swallowed the head and the top four inches back into her mouth. Her mouth was warm and wet, much more slippery than any pussy I had ever had the pleasure of entering. 

Carrie's head bobbed up and down on my cock seemingly taking it in deeper and deeper with every downstroke, while her free hand tickled the hairs on my scrotum. I felt close to unloading inside her eager mouth, but mustered all my reserve to hold back. Her index finger slipped down from my balls and ran across the tip of my asshole. I knew then I couldn't hold out any longer. When she slipped the tip of her finger inside my tight asshole, I grabbed her shoulders and held her down over my pulsing dickhead as I came. The convulsions of my orgasm made me arch my back pushing my dick deep into the back of Carrie's throat. She squeezed my ass while I held on to her until my thrusting subsided. As she finally pulled away from me I spurted one last puddle on to her cheek and chin. She casually wiped the droplets off with her finger and slipped it inside her mouth, finishing off the most amazing oral orgasm I'd ever experienced. 

She reached up to kiss me again and I tasted my cum in her hot, wet mouth. As we kissed a long and steamy kiss, I leaned her back on the couch until my full weight was on top of her. I moved my mouth down the side of her face and slipped my tongue inside her ear, bringing a shiver to her entire body. I kissed my way down her cotton-covered nightgown, taking her nipples in my mouth as I passed by her breasts. When I reached the raised hemline of the nightgown, she looked down at me with her deep brown eyes, smiling in anticipation of where I was headed next. 

I pulled the nightgown up, exposing a thick mass of unshaven, brunette hair between her thighs. She must have known where this night was going when she'd changed earlier because her panties were nowhere to be found. Her cunt lips barely showed through the thick bush, but the soaked hairs guided me to where I wanted to go. I leaned back admiring her exposed sex for a long moment, then ran the fingers of both hands around her dark triangle. I traced the outline of her pussy from just below her navel to its base above her asshole. As I moved my hands upward, I found the puffy lips of her cunt and gently pulled them apart. Underneath the mass of hair, Carrie's dripping pink hole awaited. 

I slipped one index finger inside her as she closed her eyes and softly moaned. I inserted another, probing her deeply. With the other hand I found the fold of skin at the top of her crack hiding her clit. My thumb circled the little button while I finger fucked her pussy. 

"Kiss me," Carrie whispered. "Kiss my pussy, please."

Not wanting to disappoint, I lowered my head and took in the full sense of her wetness. Her pussy smelled hot and sweet. I licked the outer lips of her cunt while twiddling the flap of skin covering her clit. My tongue and lips explored her pussy from top to bottom, side to side, in and out. Carrie was alternately sighing and moaning as I worked my mouth over, around and through her wet nest. The juices flowed from inside her, soaking my chin as I worked.

I reached up with both hands, pushing her nightgown up over her tits. Her breasts, exposed to me for the first time, were round and firm. From where I laid, I could see her extended nipples reaching skyward from the dark circles of her aerioles. She took my hands in hers helping me squeeze her tits while I drank of her pussy juices. Underneath me, I could feel my dick rising once again to its fullness. I rubbed my cock against the cushions of the couch, helping me gently rock back and forth as I thrust my tongue in and out of her pussy. I felt her hands slowly but continually tighten on mine as she moved toward her first orgasm. With my hands tightly wrapped around her tits, and my mouth sucking on her elongated clit, she came suddenly and loudly.

"Oh, God!" she yelled out. "Oh God, yes…yes…yes…" she cried as she bucked her crotch into my eager mouth. I tried my best to maintain mouth contact with her pussy. I pulled one hand away from her breast and thrust two fingers into her spasming hole as she arched her back upwards. She collapsed back on the couch with my fingers still buried inside her quivering dampness. 

I crawled up and lay next to her, my wet fingers tracing the circles of her nipples while her breathing began to slow. 

"I should have had you over before now," I said.

"I should have come over before now," she said. She turned her head and kissed me. "We're not done here, you know."

"I was hoping you'd say that," I replied.

Carrie sat up on the couch and looked at my resurrected cock. "Do you think he's ready for more?" she asked me.

"Only one way to find out."

She pulled the nightgown over her head and lay back down next to me giving me my first look at her full nakedness. Her hair was tousled and her face flushed from our oral prelude. A damp patch of sweat glimmered between her breasts. Her tits were nearly perfectly round and sagged just enough so I could cup my hands underneath the mounds. Her nipples still poked out from within the dark round circles. Her flat belly, soft and firm, while not muscular, rose and fell with her breaths above thick mounds of pussy fuzz. Her thighs were closed together hiding all but the uppermost dark hairs of her crotch from my view. I leaned over and kissed her cheeks, her chin, her eyes and her ears as my hand worked its way up and down her entire body. She closed her eyes, relaxing herself under my touch. My dick hardened and rested impatiently against her thigh.

We kissed again, our tongues alternating places in the deeper regions of each other's mouths. She turned towards me, pulling her body in to mine. My cock pressed into her belly, straining to find a way inside her. Carrie reached down and wrapped her fingers around my shaft. She spread her legs apart and teased her slit with the head of my cock. I could feel her wet slipperiness moisten the throbbing head. She paused for a moment with the top of my dick pressed tightly against her clit. 

She turned over on her stomach and raised her ass in the air. I took the cue and moved behind her. Her pussy opened before me as I ran my hands up the insides of her thighs. My cock easily found the opening through the moistened fur. I slid inside her effortlessly, burying all my seven inches in her warm cunt. Our pubic hairs mingled, but only for a few seconds as I began stroking myself inside her. Each time I reached the furthest depths of her pussy, her muscles tensed around my cock tightening even more as I backed out. At first slowly, then with increasing force and speed we fucked noiselessly, except for the sound of her juices lubricating my dick and our rapidly increasing breathing. She reached behind me grabbing my ass and forcing my thrusts even deeper inside her. With one hand on her fleshy butt cheeks, I moved the other hand under her, fondling her swaying breasts. 

Carrie was closing in on her orgasm faster than I was. I increased my speed and pressure. She positioned her hands on the armrest of the couch to brace herself. I moved my hands around her ass and between her legs to the pussy lips my cock was now splitting apart. Fingers from both hands found her stretching clit and I kneaded it until she came with a shudder, gripping my cock like a vice, preventing me from moving as she convulsed under me. As the waves of orgasm passed over and through her, she released my cock allowing me to continue thrusting. Carrie reached underneath her pussy and grabbed my balls. I pressed my cock one last time into her deepest depths, my balls flush against her thighs, and shot enormous waves of cum inside her warm and worn pussy.

Neither of us were able to move for 2 or 3 minutes. We stayed in that position, her ass raised to meet my softening dick inside her now cum-drenched pussy until she could no longer hold us both up. I looked into her brown eyes as we collapsed side-by-side on the couch. Her head rested on my arm. My arm stretched across her ass. We kissed softly, the taste of pussy juice, cum and sweat mixing together on our tongues. 

With a soft, tired smile, Carrie asked, "We still have another movie to watch, don't we?"