 It is getting to be a few years ago now, I found myself in a small town at Christmas. It was an unusual time in my life. Cancer had ended my failing marriage of fifteen years and for the first time since I was a teen I found myself single. What do single people do at Christmas? In my case, I went home.

I had left my small town the day after high school had ended and joined the army. I did my duty got out and got an education. My wife and I had married young, probably too young in my case. She was frustrated with me much of the time, and she never quite got over the news that she couldn't have children. I was doggedly dedicated to our sinking ship even when we got her diagnosis.

My folks were nice, my sibling's families were loud. Being widowed at Christmas in a house full of families might just be the ultimate expression of the term odd man out. So I called around.

There was not that many of my old crowd that were a) people I still wanted to see, and b) still in town. Fortunately I managed to get a hold of Kelly. Kelly and I had been friends for years, although we had lost touch for large gaps of time. She was my first kiss (on a dare) and always a blast.

While I had been gone she had made a family and kicked a deadbeat out of her life. She was always the wise cracking gal who would take no shit from anyone. She would have been the best kind of bartender, I think. Funny, sympathetic, and just as likely to toss you on your ass if you were playing the fool.

I was glad that she had time to see me it Christmas. Everyone has obligations at that time of year. On the phone her voice had a rasp to it, like she had been up late singing sad songs in a smoky bar. It added to the appeal she had had since we were kids. Kelly always seemed like an old soul.

She would love to catch up, she said, but it would have to be at her house. It is impossible to get a sitter at Christmas, she had explained. Kelly would make dinner, and I offered to bring the wine, by which we both knew I meant a case of beer.

It was just her and her kids in a little old house on a dark street in town. It was bitterly cold that night and nothing was moving in the town. Snow was falling. The scene fit my mood, which was soon to change.

Inside the house was warm and bright. Good smells from the kitchen and a big hug from my old friend greeted me at the door. Her kids were polite and fun, and dinner was great. I told 'war stories' about basic training to amuse the kids, and we eased into a comfortable evening. It was the best I had felt in months.

It didn't hurt that the beer was flowing, kept icy cold in Kelly's porch. I started to notice some things around the house as we did the dishes together. The faucet was loose in the counter top for example. There was a curtain hung over the washroom entrance instead of the door, which leaned against the wall nearby.

Quietly I asked her about it as she sent the kids to wash up before bed.

"Oh you didn't know Jelly," her deadbeat partner that she had kicked out, "he wasn't very, uh, constructive, y'know?" She nodded to a hole punched in the drywall in the hallway.

I felt pretty bad. I mean, I learned how to do some not so nice things, but I got into it all to help people. While the kids brushed their teeth I fixed up the faucet in the kitchen. While Kelly read bedtime stories I was busy with the bathroom door. The hinges had been ripped out of the door frame. I could guess how. I found some short pencils and whittled the paint off with my pocket knife. I found some white glue in some craft supplies and was just finishing setting the plugs when Kelly came downstairs.

"What's going on here?" she asked.

"Just trying to be, you know, constructive," I told her. "I have a screwdriver in my truck, this door will swing before morning!"

Kelly grabbed me from behind with a big hug. "Thanks buddy," she murmured into my back. It had been a long time since I had a hug from anyone but some family member with an I'm sorry. It felt good. Kelly felt good too. Soft in the right places, but strong also. 

"Let me bring you a beer, good Sir," 

We dragged the case of beer into the basement so that we could talk and not disturb the kids. It was lit with a single bulb hanging from a wire. There were old newspapers on shelves homemade fifty years earlier. There was the laundry, the ancient furnace struggling to keep up to the cold, and an old love seat.

Kelly dragged an ash tray from under the couch and a pack of smokes in a zip lock bag.

"This is where Mommy goes for a little relaxation," she confided as she lit a smoke and patted the seat beside her. I sat down and we continued to drink as we talked.

We spent time catching up on what each other knew about friends long and lost, and about how our small town seemed to have a gravity field all its own. Kelly pointed out that the longer one stayed, the harder it was to leave.

She talked about Jelly. How she tried to keep his bad habits from her kids. How he promised to change, and how he always ended with an enormous fuck-up. Kelly spoke about her desire to get out of our town. To make a real life somewhere else for her little family. She told me about wanting her independence, to make it on her own.

I talked about my Wife, and how I loved her even though I knew we were wrong for each other. I talked about being careful for what you wish for in moments of anger.

I noticed Kelly draw her knees up and shiver a little. Cold was emanating from the unfinished cement walls of the little basement. I looked around and quickly spied a comforter folded neatly in a basket. I grabbed it and draped it around her.

"Such a sweetheart," she smiled at me, "A guy like you won't be single long,"

I cracked another beer and sat down. Kelly threw the other half of the blanket over me and snuggled in beside me. We sat in companionable silence sipping beers and watching shadows flicker from the swinging light bulb. It was the first time that I had felt comfortable in months.

I think we both drifted off, but next I knew Kelly was nudging me awake, "Come on, wake up. There's a storm hitting us pretty hard,"

I shook the reverie from my mind and noticed that the house was really cold. The poor furnace just could not keep up. Kelly dragged the comforter off of us and went to check on the kids. I finished fixing the door to help warm up, and was just dropping the pins in the hinges and testing the swing when she came down.

"You might as well spend the night," she told me, "its 2am and your truck probably won't start anyway,"

I was pretty sure it would, but I knew better than to argue with Kelly!

"Got that comforter? I can rack out on the couch no problem," I assured her.

"I left it with kids," she said, "You can sleep with me for the night,"

I looked at her skeptically. "Oh fuck off!" she chided me, "We are adults and it's freezing,"

"I don't want to freak out your children in the morning," I protested. Kelly snorted and dragged me upstairs. 

"Not the worst thing they've ever had to see," she whispered over her shoulder.

In the army I learned to dress and undress quickly, and how not to see naked people around me. I was down to my skivvies and under the covers in a flash without violating Kelly's privacy.

"Move over, soldier," I heard her smoky voice call.

"Uh, look, I know this sounds weird, but I have to be on the outside,"

"What are you talking about?"

"In case something happens. I need to be on the outside so I can protect you from it,"

"Are you kidding?"

"I'm sorry,"

"Okay man," she said slightly sing song. She threw her leg over my body as she seemed to climb over me in slow motion. Her body pressed me into the mattress and I swallowed hard. Kelly was soft in all the best places.

As Kelly got into bed in the dark room I turned my back to her. The last thing I needed was to poke Kelly with a stiff rod in the middle of the night! She crawled up close behind me. Her arm felt cool as she it wrapped around my body, and I jumped a little when her cold legs pressed against my ass and thighs.

"Good night," I said, a little gruffly, trying not to let my voice break.

"Hey," she whispered, "Back in the day, did you ever imagine we would sleep together one day?"

"Sure, I think lots of guys imagined sleeping with you," Kelly had always been a looker.

My senses were in overdrive! I could smell Kelly's shampoo on her pillows. I could feel her body pressed against mine for warmth. I could hear her breathing softly as we slowly warmed up her bed.

Some time later she whispered, "Are you comfortable?"

"Yes," I lied.

Kelly's hand slid down my body slowly. "Are you sure?"

I grabbed her hand as it slid down my belly, "Kelly," I choked.

"Shh," she whispered, "It's okay, we are adults. We can warm each other up, tonight,"

I let go of her hand and she slid it down my belly until she contacted my hard penis.

"Oh my God, Davey," nobody called me Davey anymore. Nobody but a few folks from back home, "Where did you hide this all these years? If the girls had known about this," She emphasized each 'this' with a squeeze on my aching erection, "a lot of them would have imagined sleeping with you."

I turned in bed to face Kelly who smiled soothingly at me in the darkened room, "I'm not sure I even know how to anymore," I whispered.

Kelly snorted, "I'm pretty sure he remembers," I moaned as she squeezed me again.

"Are you sure about this?"

"Oh Honey, I am sooo sure," she purred with her smoky voice. I couldn't help it then. I leaned in and kissed her on the mouth. Her lips were so soft. I reached over her and pulled her body tightly to mine and kissed her again. I felt my tell tale tremble begin.

Since my youth, whenever I get really excited I start to shake. It is embarrassing, but it is like my body goes into overload. I shake, and my teeth chatter as if I am cold. It has always been a dead giveaway that I am in over my head.

Kelly somehow knew instinctively. She cooed and drew my head down to her chest. She pressed my face against her full bust. She popped some buttons on her night shirt and her breasts spilled out.

They were glorious. Soft and white and creamy. Gently she presented a nipple to my lips. It was large and pale pink in contrast to her breast. I latched on and suckled on the first female flesh I had touched in months.

I sucked and licked and kissed her nipple like a horny teenager. I wanted to feel everything. I wanted to make her feel everything. Eventually I switched to her other breast, and she let go of my head.

Her hand snaked between our bodies and into my underwear. It was soaked!

"Oh my god Davey, I thought I was wet!" she teased me as she reached under my straining cock and caressed my balls with an overhand grasp. I continued to lavish her breasts as her clever fingers slid below my tight scrotum and rubbed in gentle circles just below my balls.

The touch sent a shock through me and I arched back, her nipple escaping my lips with a smack! I knew that if I wasn't careful this would be over very fucking quickly!

Teeth chattering I reached to Kelly's face and brushed her hair back.

"Let me t-taste you?" I asked gritting my teeth so they wouldn't chatter.

Her white teeth flashed in a smile, and in a low voice she told me, "Oh my God, yes!"

My tremors abated somewhat as I realized that Kelly was just as into this as I was. She shimmied out of her underwear as I scooted down between her legs, careful not to let too much cold air into the bed.

In the dark I could feel her smooth soft thighs spread to me. What a gift that is from a woman. A blessing. Feeling a little more in control now, I inhaled her womanly scent. Gorgeous. I took my time now, kissing her inner thighs. I went higher and higher up on side, kissing and occasionally nipping her soft skin. When I got near my prize a skipped over and started on the other thigh. Her hips rolled in frustration, "God damn tease," I heard muffled from above the covers.

I wasted no more time. I leaned in to her center and pressed my nose right to her entrance. Her wetness enveloped me as I slid up her pussy, ending by giving her clitoris an eskimo kiss with the tip of my now very slippery nose. "Mmm, that's better," Kelly murmured.

I was surprised to find that Kelly was freshly shaved. When I asked her later she merely shrugged, "You never know." 

I have always loved to give a woman head. I gloried in it now. I tested all of the spots, down near the bottom of her opening, along her labia, to either side but never directly on her clit. I licked deeply into her cleft and drew her flowing wetness into my mouth.

Kelly hips swayed some times, and bucked at others. I listened carefully to her moans and gasps to tell me what she liked best. I drew it out, licking slowly at times, until I felt her grind at me for more friction. Then I would give her quick darting licks from bottom to top and back to her bottom. I drew my nose between her lips again and again. I noticed her thighs starting to raise on either side of me. I took a deep breath and kissed her right on her button.

I felt her hands grab at the back of my head through the covers as she pressed me into her snatch, "Oh fuck Davey, fuck! Suck me off!" she demanded.

As I said, I knew better than to argue with Kelly. I sucked her clitty into my mouth and lashed back and forth over it with my tongue. Her thighs clamped onto my ears and it was all I could do to breathe through my nose as she bucked against me!

Slowly her hips became still and her thighs released me. I felt her hands pulling up on my head, "Come up here," I crawled up her body stopping to suckle each nipple before my face popped out of the covers. I took a deep breath of the cool night air.

"Your face," Kelly whispered. I was covered in her juices from my chin to my eyebrows. Her tongue darted out to lick the bridge of my nose. She licked her lips and tasted herself. She smiled brightly at me, "You give head like a woman," 

I arched my eyebrows. That was a story I hadn't heard.

"I'll tell you some other time, Nosey, first you,"

Holding my body above hers my cock was pointed straight at her opening. I could feel it drip pre-come as it pulsed in time with my too fast heart beat.

"Do you have a con-" I began. Before I could finish she pulled me with her calves and I sunk into her velvety softness in a single stroke. I almost choked, her body felt so amazing.

Her eyes smiled as she looked up into my shocked face, "Don't worry, Davey, you can't get me pregnant. I got fixed after my youngest,"

She squirmed underneath me, sliding my penis around inside of her body, "So you go ahead and fuck me. Fuck me like you need to,"

I wish I could explain the gratitude I felt towards her. She gave me her body and brought me back from a very dark place. Kelly was an everyday angel, the kind people don't see because there aren't any wings. 

I felt tears well up, and so I pressed my face into her pillow. I sucked her earlobe into my mouth and I began to push in and out of her. I went as slowly as I could, for as long as I could, because I knew I had no chance of anything but a hair trigger otherwise. I knew I mustn't waste Kelly's gift.

Thankfully she seemed to respond well when I pushed as deeply and strongly as I could, and held. Her hips would twitch a few times and I would draw back slowly and push again.

"God, that cock is hard," she muttered through gritted teeth. I stroked again, pushing hard and deep into her. She gasped and twitched as my cock touched something inside of her.

I kept fucking my friend of so many years this way. Long and slow with a hard push at the end, hold, pull back, repeat, for as long as I could. Fortunately it seemed to work out just fine, because I felt Kelly's nails dig into my back as she neared her orgasm.

"Fucking fuck me!" she huffed in my ear. That was it, I lifted off of her and began to drive hard and fast.

My teeth up again as I gritted and told her, "I'm. Going. To. Cum..." her eyes sparked at me as we were nearing the finish, "Where?" I gasped.

"Davey? Davey," she groaned, "fucking come on my face!" I looked at her, astonished, "NOW!"

She pulled away from me and pulled at my hips. I half stumbled up the bed as she grabbed my wet cock and pointed it right at her mouth. Her soft lips were gently parted and her tongue licked at her lips as she pumped my hard shaft.

It was all I could to be quiet and I fucking erupted! Kelly's other hand drove down to her snatch and she rubbed us off together. I blew volley after volley of thick cum onto my friend's face and hair. The last dribbles landed on her chest as I leaned back, nude in the cold night air, completely spent.

After a time my breathing returned to normal. I opened my eyes to see Kelly pushing some of my cum into her mouth. "You are steaming," she pointed out. I looked down at my body. Vapor curled up from my arms and chest into the cold air.

We cleaned up and Kelly lay me back down in her bed. I was exhausted as she gently cuddled up behind me.

"Why did you let me?" I whispered, "On your face? She. She never did that once in all the years,"

"I'm not your Wife, Davey, and tonight you needed some Dirty Girl to remind you what fun is,"

And just like that I was out.