 There were two things that were different about today, Joe thought to himself as he got into his car to go home after a long day's work. The first was that when he got home, he and his wife were going to be alone and the second was that his wife would be waiting for him dressed in something very slutty. Joe's cock was hard just thinking about it. He made it home in record time. When he walked into the door, the house was quiet. The smell of scented candles entered his nose. 

"Alex, I'm home!" Joe said as he walked through the door.

"Ok darling! I'm not ready yet so go ahead and get a shower and shave and by the time you finish, I should be ready."

"Ok!" he said with a hint of impatience. He had waited for hours for this moment and it looked like he was going to have to wait a little longer. He took a deep calming breath and headed to the shower. 

As soon as he closed the door to the bathroom he began to strip his clothes off. He looked at himself in the full length mirror and gave himself a smile of approval. Joe was 27 years old, 5'10" and about 180lbs. He wasn't exactly solid muscle but he certainly wasn't flabby either. He glanced down at his semi-hard cock and he smiled again. At full length it was about eight inches in length with a girth of about six. He was proud of it, and he knew that Alex loved it and he couldn't wait to give it to her!

Joe hopped in the shower and washed his hair and his body. When he got to his pubic region, he quickly shaved it. "Just the way she likes it!" Joe thought to himself. He finished up and stepped out of the shower and dried off. He dabbed some cologne on his neck and chest, Paul Sabastian, her favorite, and stepped out of the bathroom. He decided not to put any clothes on because they would be off soon anyways. He called out to his wife and she answered, saying that she was in the bedroom. He walked to their bedroom door, opened it and stepped in. 

The smell of the candles permeated the room and the dim light they emitted gave the room a sensual ambience. The thought of anything else in the room quickly left his mind the minute he looked at his and his wife's bed. On it laid his wife Alex. She was the love of his life and they had been married for nearly two years. She was dressed in a black baby doll that did nothing to conceal her round, firm 34D tits. It was nearly see through, but somehow it managed to leave a little to the imagination. The lingerie had ridden up while she was sitting down so it did nothing when it came to covering her supple hips and ass. A little further down, between her legs was what looked like a tiny, black, sheer thong covering her most intimate parts. He unconsciously licked his lips in anticipation. Her legs were clad in black thigh high stocking that stayed up on their own and her feet were covered by 5in black platform heels. His cock went to full attention at the sight of this beautiful woman that he was lucky enough to call his wife.

His eyes trailed back upward from her heel covered feet, to her stocking clad thighs. When he reached the point where her inner thighs met, he paused, again thinking about the sweet prize that her thong was covering. He again licked his lips but soon regained control and moved his eyes up to her face; her beautiful face. It was made up in a way he had never seen before. Her lips were painted in a dark shade of red and her deep blue-green eyes were surrounded by a ring of eye liner and mascara. Her shoulder length dark brown hair was done up in pigtails. He looked deep into her eyes and she spoke.

"I'm glad you're home baby. I've missed you." She said, a hint of innocence in her sultry voice. 

Joe stuttered for a second before he could get any words to come out of his mouth. 

"I'm glad to be home babe. You look AMAZING!" 

"Thank you baby! I'm glad you like it!" she said coyly. "And baby, I want you to call me Nurse Alex. I know that I am not in uniform, but I noticed that you have quite a bit of swelling between your legs. Would you mind if I took a look at it, sir?"

Joe's blood was boiling with desire for this woman. He wanted to forget all pretenses of fantasy and role-playing right then and there. He wanted to push her back onto the bed, rip her thong off and push all of his eight inches into what he knows is a very wet and very tight pussy! But he knew that she wanted to play with him, so he let her. He took another deep, calming breath; he knew that his sexy nurse's submissiveness would come out soon enough.

"Would you mind looking at my swelling problem? It's been bothering me for some time now. It's starting to hurt a little." Joe replied, playing along. A look of sympathy spread across her face as she looked down at his swollen member. 

"Oh, poor baby... Let Nurse Alex take a look at this big cock of yours and make it feel better. In fact I think that I have just the right medicine to bring down the swelling, but I have to warn you, it is only temporary and I will likely have to administer it again soon after." 

"Ok baby thank you! At this point, I will take any kind of relief I can get!" Joe said playfully.

Alex moved forward on the bed, positioning herself right in front of his erect cock. She looked up into his eyes as she grabbed it and started to lightly stroke the shaft. Joe let out a low groan as she put the head of his cock into her mouth. She began to gently suck on the head, savoring the taste of her husband as she dragged her tongue against the underside of his shaft. She loved having his cock in her mouth. It made her feel so sexy to hear him moan and groan as she worked her magic on him. She gently sucked the head of his cock, slowly moving further and further down onto the shaft; her tongue acting as if it had a mind of its own. Joseph was in heaven. 

He took his left hand and started to move it towards to firm breasts. He felt the silky material of the baby doll and moved his hand under it. Her hard nipple felt like a rock in the palm of his hand. He started to lightly pinch and he could feel and hear her moaning on his cock while she sucked it. He loved the feel of her tits in his hands, almost as much as he loved his cock in her mouth, but he wanted to push the boundaries a little further. He wanted to feel her wetness! He wanted to feel the effect his cock in her mouth was having on her pussy. He knew that it made her wet but he wanted to feel it for himself. He pulled his hand from her tit and inched it further down to the heaven between her legs. It finally made its way to its intended destination when he felt the thin material against his fingertips. It felt damp, really damp! Joe brought his hand up to the top of the thong and tried to put his hand in, but his wife, ever the dutiful nurse, quickly smacked it away. She took his cock out of her mouth and looked at him with a serious expression on her face. 

"Right now, I am giving you your medicine sir so I need you to focus and remain still!" she said sternly.

"Yes, Nurse Alex, anything you say!" There was a hint of sarcasm in his voice and she caught it. 

"Sir if you cannot concentrate on you treatment then I cannot help you." 

"Please forgive me Nurse Alex." He said apologetically.

She put his cock back into her mouth and resumed her treatment. Joe began to moan again. He knew that if she kept it up much longer he was going to cum. She started to suck it more aggressively, pushing more and more of his hard cock into her mouth. She kept eye contact with him, even as each of his hands grabbed one of her pigtails. He started to fuck her mouth, pushing more of himself into her. He could feel the head hit the back of her throat. Still keeping eye contact, he pushed his cock further in until he felt enter her throat. She started to gag on his cock but he pushed it in deeper until he finally got all eight inches of his cock into her hot, wet mouth; her eyes, still never leaving his. Joe pulled his cock out of her mouth and she gasped for air. Her eyes had watered a little, causing her mascara to run slightly. Joe knew that he was a bad man because the sight before him made his cock even harder. 

Joe was ready to cum but he wanted to drag it out just a little bit longer. He grabbed his submissive nurse/wife's hand and pulled her to the floor until she was on her knees in front of his cock. Her eyes looking directly into his, she grabbed his cock and put it back into her mouth. 

"Stroke it baby." He said forcefully.

She acquiesced and started to stroke his hard member while she sucked it, her pace getting faster and faster. She also was aware that he wasn't going to last much longer and the thought of his big load of hot cum in her mouth made her soaking wet pussy throb. 

"Baby, you are going to make me cum! Oh fuck, I love the way you suck my cock! I love it so fucking much!" 

She moaned after hearing those words. She wanted to reach her hand down between her legs and touch her engorged clit but she wanted to focus on the task at hand. She wanted his cum badly! Alex stroked and sucked like an expert, desperately wanting her reward, and she knew that it wasn't going to be much longer. Joe grabbed her breast roughly and pinched her nipple. She started to moan on his cock, and he went over the edge.

"Oh my God baby here it cums!! OH FUCK BABY, HERE IT COMES!!" At that moment, Joe's cock exploded in her mouth shooting torrent after torrent of hot cum. Joe watched his beautiful slut wife take his load into her mouth and savor the taste of her husband's hot cum. She kept stroking his cock and sucking as much of his nectar from his cock as she can until he couldn't take any longer. He pulled his semi hard cock from her mouth and staggered backwards. He was weak in the knees from his treatment, but he had never felt better!

"Show it to me baby! She me all of that cum and then I want you to swallow all of it!" he said to her.

She obliged opening her mouth carefully so she didn't lose any of her reward for being his good Nurse Alex. Joe could see the large white load of his cum on her tongue and it made is cock twitch. He was getting hard again already. 

"Good girl! Now swallow it! Swallow all of it baby! You are such a good nurse. Thank you so fucking much for that medicine! I needed it so bad!!" Joe said with gratitude and lust in his voice. He watched his wife swallow all of his load. When she finished, she looked up at him, smiled and opened her mouth to show him that she did what she was told. Joe smiled deviously.

"Do you feel better baby?" she asked coyly.

"Absolutely!! Thank you Nurse Alex!! But how can I repay you for this excellent treatment?" Joe asked, a smile in his voice.

"I am sure you will think of something." She replied, winking at him slyly.