 Honey awoke horny. Conscious, but comfortable she lay in her warm nest of soft bed, warm covers and feather pillows. She watched dust specks drift lazily through the sunbeams coming in the skylight. Her boyfriend's long lean body was hot against her back. Her attic apartment was filled with cool crisp autumn air. Left the window open, she thought.

The timer on the automatic coffee maker clicked on. She could hear it beginning to run. It must be ten o'clock; still early for a couple of night's children like Honey and Mike. They'd gone dancing last night. Honey was still on the dance floor at Neo when the garish naked light bulbs flashed on blinding everyone and telling them it was 4 am and time to go home. Honey smiled sleepily as memories from last night flitted through her head, but her mind was really focused on the feeling between her thighs. She felt empty and aching. She slipped a finger between the folds of her pussy. Mmmmmm. Yes, she was wet. Mmmmmm, that feels good.

Her boyfriend, Mike's, hand lay wrapped around her belly. She moved it up to her breast. Still asleep, he gripped it and pulled her close. His cock, stiff with his morning hard on, pressed into her butt. His hot breath tickled the hair on the back of her neck like ghostly kisses, almost felt, but not quite.

Her fingers rubbed her clit and her body shivered. It wanted more. She arched her back and pushed her ass against Mike. He thrust blindly at her – a pig looking for truffles. She reached her hand back and angled his cock to slip between her legs. At the touch of her hand, he stirred and thrust again. The head of his cock slid along the slippery opening of her pussy. 

"Ooooohhhhhhh." Honey liked the feel of that, but she needed more. Much more. Coffee aroma wafted through the apartment as Honey leaned her body forward, arched her ass back, and slipped her pussy over Mike's cock. Oh God, Yes! She thought. Mike's breast-gripping hand pulled her back against him and he thrust into her. He muttered incoherently. He was beginning to wake up. 

Her hand went back to her clit while at the same time her strong pussy muscles gripped his cock tightly aaaannnnndddd... let go. Squeezed it again aaaaannnnnnddddd.... let go. Squeezed it again aaaaannnnnnddddd... let go. Squeezed it again aaannnddd...gasped as Mike shoved his cock hard into her pussy. Awake now, Mike thrust his cock deeper into her pussy. He bit her neck, mauled her breast and slowly pulled out and pushed into her again. He pulled out and in again. Out and in again. He was keeping a slow dreamy pace and was driving her mad. She twitched her hips asking him to go faster. He wouldn't. Slow and dreamy. Slow and dreamy. She wanted it. She needed it. Slow; dreamy. Want; need. Slow; dreamy. Want; need. He caressed her belly, her hip, her breasts, her throat. He kissed her ear, her neck, her back. Light feathery kisses that aroused longing instead of quenching it. 

His tempo changed without warning. Hard and deep. Strong and powerful. She let out a little yelp as he pulled her tighter and thrust deeper. Now his fingers pulled and twisted her nipples. His teeth nibbled the sweet spot of her neck. Strong and deep; strong and deep. All she could do was moan in thankful response. He rolled her forward. She quickly pushed the pillows out of her way. He pulled her hips into the air so she was on her knees. Her face was pressed into the mattress. He speeded up. Fast and faster; deep and deeper; driving her shoulders and face into the bed. 

"Yes, oh Yes! Fuck me hard! Fuck me good!" Honey was yelling. "Fucking fill me up with your cock. Fuckin' fill me!"

Harder and harder; fast and faster; deep and deeper. Honey kept shouting, "Fuck me! Yes. Fuck me hard. Fuck me hard!"

Mike shifted up onto his feet and began to jackrabbit fuck her. Lightening fast, impossibly deep pounding. Harder and harder and harder and Harder! He pounded into her relentlessly. Her cries became incoherent babbling. Honey's whole body was trembling. She was going to cum. Her body was building up to a soul shattering orgasm. She felt Mike's cock swell. He drove into her with a savage cry and exploded into her quivering pussy. Honey's orgasm burst over her like a hurricane. Drenching her, Mike and the sheets. Her knees gave out and her body sank into the bed. She lay there sprawled out waiting for the world to come back into focus. Her body still trembling. 

Crack! Mike slapped her ass. "First one up gets coffee." Laughing he curled back under the covers.

"You ass." She said and laughed as she rolled out of bed and grabbed her robe.