 As they ate their lunch, Bill couldn't keep his eyes off Shannon. She was so very beautiful. Everything about her signaled her comfortable and carefree spirit. Shannon knew that she was attractive but even so, she really did not know the extent to which she captivated men and Bill was certainly one of them.

Pretty much all through their conversation Bill's eyes would drift the length of Shannon's body. He drank in every image of her as if his eyes where sending snapshot after snapshot into his memory. No detail went unnoticed such as the way her hair curled and bounced its way down the side of her face. Like her personality, her hair was not stayed, conservative, or orderly. It danced about in the gentle breeze. It went its own way but it always suited her beauty and femininity. Her lips were soft even in appearance, with a natural up turn at the ends as if she had a built in smile. They framed her pearly teeth and formed each word she spoke with crisp movements. 

The afternoon was very warm and pleasant, perfect for the light poolside lunch that Shannon had prepared. The cloudless sky permitted the sun to keep them warm and comfortable in their swimsuits.

Shannon leaned towards Bill and placed her Champagne glass on the table. "I have my favorite dessert inside", she whispered. "Just sit tight and I'll bring it out."

Bills eyes were riveted to Shannon as she turned away and headed inside. From behind she seemed topless. The thin brown string of her top was practically invisible against her well tanned body. Her bikini bottom had slid a bit between her lovely firm buttocks but she made no attempt to adjust anything. She certainly hoped that Bill was watching and liked what he saw.

Once inside, Shannon leaned forward and placed her hands on the counter and let out a big sigh. "Oh my God," she thought to herself. "He is so cute!" 

Shannon was also smitten with Bill. It was all she could do to not stare at him. She swooned at the image of his broad shoulders. He was strong, confident and commanding but not aggressive or brutish. She felt safe and secure with Bill. Once composed, Shannon retuned to pool side with two bowls with a spoon protruding from each.

"I know it isn't fancy but to me, this is the perfect dessert," she stated with self assurance as she gave one to Bill. "Simple. Just some fruit, ice cream and the tiniest splash of Brandy."

Shannon returned to the lounge chair and they began to eat. She moaned softly with each of her first few bites. She wasn't kidding about this being her favorite.

They talked while they ate but then something happened that caused Bill to have a hard time concentrating on the conversation.

"What's the matter Bill?"

"Oh, nothing. Sorry. Keep going."

She tried to resume the conversation but without realizing it, Bill was giving Shannon that puppy dog look of bewilderment. His eyes were focused on something and his head tipped every so slightly to one side.

Bill indeed was focused on something. Some of the melted ice cream had formed at one corner of Shannon's mouth and remained there as she spoke. He kept waiting for her tongue to automatically carry it away but it never happened. She just kept talking and eating and the cream was always there. It wasn't immediate but eventually the sexual symbolism was processed by Bill's mind.

Shannon interrupted herself again, "What IS the matter Bill?"

"Oh, nothing really. It's just.. just.. just some cream," he stammered, making vague and awkward pointing gestures in the air. "Yes, there, the corner, yes, that's it."

Her tongue had found the cream, taking most of it anyway.

"Mmmm. I do like the melted cream with my fruit", she cooed impishly with a smile. She said it playfully but she knew full well the power of such a phrase.

"Thank you for keeping me so neat and tidy Bill but you know, it isn't always necessary to be so in control, so perfectly kept, every thing where it should be."

"Well I just figured that if you liked your cream so much that you would prefer to keep it in your mouth." The words had barely left Bill when a firm pulse of blood raced to his groin.

"Au contraire mon ami," she coyly replied without missing a beat. "There are many different ways to enjoy the cream." They both knew the game was now on.

"Oh, really?" That was about the best Bill could come up with at that moment.

"Why certainly." Shannon picked up a slice of peach. It seductively dripped the white cream back into the bowl as she continued. "There is of course the obvious way and that is to just put it all in your mouth and keep it there."

Shannon moved the peach toward her mouth but on the way a single drop fell and landed on her upper thigh. She opened her mouth and laid the cream coated slice on her tongue. Drawing it in slowly, she then closed her lips and resumed her point.

"Well most of it anyway," mumbling just a bit as she chewed, a hint of cream again formed at the corners of her mouth. "I just love peaches. They're so firm, sweet and juicy," she added.

Things where now happening between the legs of both of them. Bill's erection was about half way complete and a moist warmth was definitely forming within Shannon.

"You did that very well," Bill wryly complemented.

"Oh that's nothing. Anyone can do that. It's much better when one does it with a more dramatic flair."

Shannon reached for another peach slice, this time not allowing the excess to drip into the bowl. She let it dot her tight stomach and up between her breasts until she held it above her open mouth. She let the remainder dribble onto her tongue and slide into her mouth. Shannon ended this phase of the show by sucking the tip of the peach between her lips before taking the whole piece into her mouth to be devoured. A smile again punctuated the overtly sexual act.

Bill's cock was now straining at his swim suit but it would be a while longer before any attention would be paid to it. Right now Shannon was fucking with his mind, not his dick.

"You did that very well." Bill's eyes traced every dot of cream from Shannon's abdomen all the way up to her mouth. "At least what made it to your mouth, stayed in your mouth."

"Sure but that's easy when there isn't very much. That isn't always possible if there is a lot."

Bill prayed in a microsecond that his temptress would demonstrate the point. His mind flashed with that image but it wasn't melted ice cream that overflowed from her mouth and it wasn't a peach that had provided it.

Shannon did not disappoint. This time she used the spoon filled to the brim with rich melted ice cream. Raising it over her open mouth, she poured the cream onto her tongue. Of course some of it slid to the back of her throat but she intentionally let most of the white liquid slide to either side and down onto her chin where is continued in separate rivulets along her neck and onto her chest. She swallowed what was in her mouth and again ended it with a smile, this time with cream still coating her teeth. Bill was mesmerized.

"So what about you Bill? How do you like to enjoy fruit and cream?"

It took Bill a moment before he could respond. His immediate attention was to the droplets and trickles of melted ice cream that slowly moved down Shannon's neck and chest.

"Well for guys, as you know, the process is different." He removed a glazed blueberry from his bowl and placed it between his lips and very deftly talked while he conducted a demonstration of his own.

"It's more important that guys use the proper technique. Not too rough to irritate the tender flesh of the fruit but not to soft either because what would be the point. Patience, tenderness, finesse. That's what counts."

With precise control, Bill moved the small blueberry sphere between his lips from one edge of his mouth to the other, guiding it with his tongue. Shannon felt an increase in the tingling and dampening between her legs as if that part of her body had eyes of its own and was watching in aroused amazement as Bill manipulated the tiny berry. 

Before Bill consumed the delicious morsel he shifted the attention back to Shannon by stating with approval, "Well I can clearly see that you definitely like to swallow."

"Oh suppose so," Shannon teased. "But it may be overrated. There are plenty of other things to do that are just as enjoyable."

"Do tell," Bill encouraged. 

"Well, when the cream is rich and thick, it feels very good on my skin."

This time Shannon chose a strawberry and it dripped the white cream onto her chest where it promptly slid down between her breasts, underneath the string between the two triangles of her top, and down onto her stomach. The little that completed the trip ended by pooling in her navel. Only then did she suck the strawberry into her mouth and eat it.

Bill leaned into Shannon, kissing her deeply on the mouth, tasting the wonderful sweetness of the strawberry. As he did, he reached around her neck and pulled the bow of her top, untying it but not pulling it down. 

He kissed down Shannon's neck and then between her breasts, kissing and licking along the trail of melted ice cream. Bill's kissing sent shivers through Shannon's body completely unlike any that could be caused simply by cold melted ice cream. Her skin came alive with tiny goose bumps.

As his tongue dipped into her navel he remarked, "My my. You certainly taste very good." His comment had little to do with fruit and ice cream. The same could be said for his next comment as well. "And you smell good too."

Shannon was beginning to loose herself to her sensations. This was now all about sex and nothing to do with dessert. As Bill completed his nibbling at her navel she dipped a finger into the cream filled bowl and dribbled it onto the top of her bathing suit. The melted but still cool cream caused her nipple beneath to quickly harden and become very visible through the thin fabric.

Just as Shannon was making a return trip from the bowl, Bill drew the untied string down, exposing her erect nipple as the droplets of ice cream arrived. Her nipple became even more taught as the cream slid around either side and down the lower portion of her breast.

Bill leaned toward her again, his mouth surrounding Shannon's rock hard nipple. His tongue slowly swirled around the hard bud and along the edge of her sensitive areola.  To encourage him further, she again dripped ice cream onto her breast. Bill was all too happy to use his tongue to collect and guide it over her nipple.

Bill withdrew and was formulating his next move.

"I see what you mean," he said with a devilish smile. "There are plenty of ways to enjoy this cream without swallowing." He untied the string bow on Shannon's hip but like before, did not yet uncover her. "I certainly love ice cream but then again...", his voice trailed off as he reached for something out of his bowl. "... one would never want to overwhelm the natural taste of things.

"I know exactly what you mean Bill", Shannon replied as she slid her hand along his thigh and up under his bathing suit, stopping just short of touching anything else. It was her way of saying that if much more was to come of this, his swim suit would have to go.

Bill picked up a slice of peach but let just about all of the dripping cream fall back into the bowl. He slowly slid the peach across Shannon's lower abdomen, his hand making its way across to the untied bikini bottom string.

Bill was pulling the tiny bikini aside when Shannon mockingly asked, "So what do you intend to do with that peach?"

"I just thought I would try this with a little bit of honey instead of cream," he replied.

Shannon was now exposed to Bill. Stepping away from their playfulness for just a moment, Bill said in barely above a whisper, "You are so very lovely."

Shannon slowly parted her legs, exposing her moist and pouty lips. Her fine wisps of pubic hair were trimmed to just a small area atop her mons leaving her entrance visible and inviting.

Bill chose the peach slice intentionally. He used it as a surrogate penis and slid it teasingly up and down her lips. Just as if it had been the real thing, the sensations created that same strong desire in Shannon for penetration. She spread her legs further, her lips parted, exposing her moist opening.

Bill smiled as he looked down at Shannon, her eyes closed, lost in her anticipation of sensations yet to come. He moved the peach along her lips, moving over her opening and to her clitoris. A burst of excitation shot through Shannon's prone form causing her to shudder. Her body enthusiastically produced more warm and slippery wetness. Bill dipped the fruit just partway into Shannon providing her with only a faint sense of satisfaction. Although very pleasurable, it had created an even stronger desire to be filled completely.

Bill removed the fruit piece, now coated with Shannon's juices. Shannon opened her eyes and sat up in the lounge and asked, "So now what are you going to do with that?"

"Why eat it, of course. I absolutely love honey."

Bill seductively slid the peach slice across his lips and then into his mouth. Shannon's sweat juices excited every taste bud on his tongue. That was all that was needed to complete the full erection beneath Bill's swim suit.

He continued, "Mmmmm. That was very, very nice but to be honest, I prefer to enjoy honey directly from the source." Bill's fingers now pressed gently at her entrance.

"I'd like that," Shannon whispered back just before her lips reached his in a sensual kiss.

While their tongues lapped playfully at the tastes of fruit, cream and other delicacies, Shannon's hand moved up Bill's leg, slid beneath his suit and came to rest on his hard cock. Her fingers deftly slid along his shaft and over the head.

"So," she began. "You've had some honey and now there seems to be some syrup for me. She withdrew her hand. With droplets of precum on her finger tips she slid them over her lips and into her mouth. "May I have some more please?"

Without waiting for an answer, she leaned forward again and reached for either side of Bill's suit. With his help, they soon were down and gone.

They both looked down at his swollen member. Shannon wrapped her fingers around his shaft and slowly stroked him. Each motion upward expelled more of his lubricant. It slipped down to Shannon's hand, making her efforts easier and all the more enjoyable for both of them.

When there was ample precum coating the head of Bill's cock, Shannon leaned down and dipped her tongue into the droplets still oozing from the tiny opening. A thin glycerin strand connected her lips with the head of his cock while she said, "Oh I like that very much!"

Leaning in again, she slid her lips over the head of Bill's cock with the sole purpose of enjoying the feeling of his slippery precum. With that task complete, she removed her hand and slid his cock past her lips and deep into her mouth. Her tongue lapped at his sensitive underside as he went deeper into her wet mouth. It was the taste of him that she now wanted. Bill moaned softly with each movement of Shannon's tongue. Shannon moved up and down Bill's shaft. Each time the effect was the same as when she had stroked him. At each apex, precum left his cock and coated her tongue.

Bill placed his hands at Shannon's shoulders and moved her up. His cock slid from her mouth and lay wet on his abdomen. She spoke through strands of precum that stretched across her lips.

"Why did you stop me?" she said with a smile. "I'll bet if I kept that up, we would be back to the subject of cream!"

That teasing statement of course created an erotic image so intense in Bill's mind that he almost took her up on it.

"In due time my love but I still haven't enjoyed my honey the way I prefer."

Now it was Shannon's mind that flashed with intense imagery.

"Ok, if you insist. It's all yours," she playfully conceded.

She laid back down, her legs now astride the lounge. She could not have been more exposed to him. Bill laid with his chest down on the lounge, his hand wrapping under Shannon's thighs and cupping her firm buttocks. It was with great ease that Bill lifted the petite Shannon up just a bit, bringing her womanhood to an inch of his lips.

Bill savored the moment for this was anything but a chore for him. This was a most enjoyable pleasure that should never be rushed. Shannon's body did everything to prepare for Bill's attentions and to arouse him. She lay there open, her lips full, very pink and swollen. Dampness was everywhere. Her scent was sweetly strong and musky and drove straight to the core of Bill's olfactory pleasure center.

His tongue was the first to tough her. The sensation shot through Shannon's body like a lightning bolt the instant his tongue touched one of her lips. His tongue now enjoyed the taste of Shannon. Bill's tongue played teasingly with Shannon's lips, lapping across her opening, only occasionally brushing along the hood of her clitoris. He was driving Shannon crazy. He knew exactly how to both torment and please. He kept the two in perfect balance. He provided all the sensations that Shannon needed but never as much as she wanted.

"Stick it in Bill," she whispered. "Stick your tongue into me, please."

Bill gleefully complied. He pressed his extended tongue past her lips and into her opening, immersing it in her scented juices which pleased him very much. They both moaned as he penetrated her but for different reasons; she because something was finally addressing that need to be filled and he from the wonderful saturation of his senses of taste and smell. She gently held her hands aside his head to encourage him to stay and continue.

It was an encouragement that he did not need. Bill's tongue probed into her, caressing her inner flesh, encouraging her juices to flow even more, wetting his tongue, lips and face. The wetter she got, the slipperier they both became and her scent and taste became more intense. Neither of them could have been happier.

With his tongue still tickling inside of Shannon, Bill used his lips to caress and massage her lips. More and more attention was being paid to her swollen clitoris as well. It was a steadily increasing pace that was driving Shannon right to orgasm. Shannon removed all doubt as to how she wanted this to end.

"Make me come Bill!" she pleaded. "I want to come on your face. Oh, yes. Like that. You make me feel so good! Keep going. Faster. Make me come!" she moaned.

Bill withdrew his tongue and now concentrated more on the outside of her pussy. He drew her slicked lips between his own, teasing and nibbling them. His tongue danced around her clit, bringing her ever closer to orgasm. One wetted finger slipped into Shannon. She let out a gasp a second entered her. Bill stroked her dripping insides while his mouth worked wonders on her lips and clit.

"I'm close Bill," Shannon said breathlessly. "Don't stop. Oh please don't stop! I'm coming."

Bill quickened the pace to throw Shannon over the edge of orgasm. His fingers fucked her firmly but not roughly. His mouth now enveloped her clitoris and he massaged her with both tongue and wet lips.

Over the edge she fell. She moaned and spoke few words as her orgasm racked her petite frame. Bill felt a hard clenching around his fingers from deep within her body followed by countless lesser twitches and spasms. His fingers and then his mouth quickly became even wetter as her cum seeped from her pussy. Without losing his attention to her clit, Bill lapped at all she had to give, savoring every aspect of her taste and luscious texture.

Shannon's orgasm was subsiding but was not yet over when Bill suddenly left her. His fingers and mouth were now gone from her pussy. She opened her eyes to see Bill change his position. She reached for him almost in panic. How could he abandon her at most critical moment! He moved further up her body. She looked down to see his erect cock poised at her opening. An obscene strand of precum dangled and swung from the engorged tip.
