 It's dark when you get home and I am in bed asleep. I was so hot I slept in the nude. You turn a low light on and pull back the covers. I am on my stomach with my right knee bent and leg pulled up. 

You have a perfect view of my shaved pussy. Your cock starts getting hard and you lick your finger and reach out and tickle it around my pussy lips..I wiggle a little in my sleep and you pull back and strip your clothes off.

You carefully climb in bed so you don't wake me..not yet. You move up behind me and move my hair back and softly kiss my neck as you reach around and find my clit and very lightly, teasingly rub it until it starts to swell..you slowly move your finger down to my pussy lips and tenderly spread them..you dip your finger into my hot wetness and spread it around my pussy.

I moan, and still asleep, I start to rock my pelvis back and forth. You raise yourself up and pull me over to my back. You bend my knees and spread my legs, opening my body to you. You stare at my pussy lips glistening with the juice of my desire. You move yourself between my legs and breathe in my aroma. Reaching up with your left hand you start fondling my breasts, pulling my nipples while your right hand is pressing down on my thigh, making sure my pussy stays open to you.

You hungrily lower your face to my wetness and suck on my clit. You get so excited as more juices start to run out of my pussy; you know if I was awake I would not like this..I am too self conscious to let you do this very often. I start to breathe harder which causes you to suck my clit harder and faster..you even tug at it with your teeth. It is this sensation that brings me fully awake and as I realize what is happening, I reach down to stop you but you pin my arms across my chest effectively holding me down while you continue feasting on my trembling pussy. You're sucking and licking me harder and faster now as your excitement builds. My hips start rocking and my self consciousness fades as my greedy, hot desire takes over. At this sign of passion from me you release my arms and slide your hand down so you can rub my clit while you start tongue fucking my cunt. My hands are tangled in your hair, holding your face to my pussy. Just as I am about to explode you chuckle against my opening and move away, effectively withholding my climax from me.

You move up my body, dragging your stiff cock against my skin, leaving your own trail of wetness along my body. You grab my titties and greedily suckle a nipple while pinching the other one. I am holding your head to my tit and I can't speak to tell you how good it feels because my mind can't form any thoughts right now; I can only focus on what you're doing to me. I want, need to taste you, to have that gorgeous, delicious cock filling my mouth. I push on your strong,broad shoulders and you roll over to your back so I can love you.

Your cock is standing straight up, so hard and proud. There is a single glistening drop of precum right on the head. I grasp your swollen balls gently and massage them lovingly. I grasp the shaft of your cock and you are so engorged my hand barely closes around your thickness. I give your shaft a squeeze as I lean forward to lick your wetness from your cock head, being careful so that only the tip of my tongue touches you. I savor the hot, salty fluid that is all you. At the feather light touch of my tongue, your cock jumps in my hand. I lean down and lick your cock from the base of your shaft up to the tip of your head and let my tip of my tongue push into your opening just enough to make you buck your hips. You want more.. I open my mouth and relax my jaws and slowly, slowly suck your cock into my hot mouth, further and further until your cock is in my throat and then I swallow, letting you feel my throat muscles squeeze you. I back off your cock slowly and squeeze the shaft as I pull off your cock with a 'pop' sound. I let my hand squeeze you and pump it up and down a few times, twisting at the top. Then I lean back over and take your cock head into my mouth and I suckle just the head, harder and harder until I feel your balls swell and I know you're about to cum, and I pull back.

You pull me up over your body and I straddle your legs. You reach up and rub my pussy gently, spreading my juice all around the swollen lips. My swollen clit is so sensitive as you reach out and give it a gentle tug and pinch, my pussy juice starts to run out over your fingers. Keeping your cock pressed up against you I rub my pussy up and down your length and I can feel how badly you want me to let you in. My puss aches from all this teasing so I give in.

I reach down between us and place the head of your cock right at my opening. I love feeling your cock jump with need. I slowly lower myself down..down..all the way until you are deep inside my tightness as far as you can go and I start to rock back and forth, grinding on you, rubbing my clit on you at the same time your cock is fucking me..back and forth..back and forth. We are breathing heavy and moaning and our hearts are beating so fast. You move your hands from my titties and grab my hips and force me up and down on your cock harder and faster..you love watching my tits bounce. I lift myself off and turn around and ride your cock backwards so you can grab my ass as we fuck. I lean forward as I'm riding you so you can watch your cock pound in and out of my pussy. You turn me back around while keeping your cock buried in me and grab my tits so hard. I am bouncing on your big dick..up and down, around in a circle, rocking on your cock. You are so hard and hot and I can feel you throbbing inside of me and I can't hold on anymore. My cunt aches to come and I do and all I can feel is the spasms of my release as your cock continues to fill me.

You roughly, urgently lift me off and flip me over to my stomach, pulling my ass back towards you. You push my upper body down to the bed so my hips are up, giving you complete access to my pussy and ass. You bend down and cover my wet throbbing pussy with your mouth, using your thick tongue to lap up my juices at the same time you insert a finger into my ass, causing another explosion in my cunt. You get back up and slam your cock into my pussy over and over, harder each time. You pinch my ass cheek and slap it and rub it as you fuck me like a little whore. I can feel your cock swell even more and get even harder as you start to moan and frantically pound my pussy. As you start to yell out, I feel jets of your hot cum shoot into me with such force it makes me cum again.