 It was a quiet evening as James Marsh pulled his luxury sedan to a stop outside his Southern California home, and turned off the engine. He was a Military Police officer, home a few days early for his 2 week leave of absence to spend time with his beautiful wife, Sarah. They hadn't seen each other in a few months, he missed her while he was away. Her soft skin, green eyes, lips that would make any man melt.

They had owned this house for a little over a year, and they had made a mutual decision to install hidden cameras, for a variety of reasons - Babysitter surveillance and burglary deterrent were the main two. They didn't have children yet, but they planned to work on that once his annual raise came through this year.

As eager as he was to burst through the door and hold his dear wife in his arms, James first decided to see what she was up to, so he could plan how to surprise her. She wasn't expecting him for another 3 days. He got out his smartphone and logged onto their private network. Within minutes he could see thumbnails of each camera view. Now, where was his little Sarah...

He knew she was home because the lights were on and her car was in the driveway. He first checked the living room, then the dining room and kitchen, but she wasn't there. Then he checked the study, and then the bedroom, still no sign of Sarah.

Then he found her. He was elated to find her in their master bathroom upstairs undressing next to the filling bath tub. He knew that she normally took hot bubble baths this time on Friday evenings, to soak away the week's work troubles, and he had been hoping that tonight was no different.

He watched her, parked outside their home, on his smartphone. She knew that he had put a camera in the bathroom, but they trusted each other enough to never let anyone else know about it, or how to log on. She stood, mostly naked, in front of the full length mirror as her steaming water filled the tub.

Just the sight of her sent a tingle down his stomach to his cock... long perfect legs leading up to that warm tight little box...he noted that it was shaved, probably for him. She had a smooth perfect body with just a hint of belly fat, bouncy C cup tits that were just a little big for the red laced bra she wore. She took off her bra and removed her ponytail, letting her gorgeous brown hair fall onto her shoulders, partially covering her nipples.

James thought about running into the house immediately and giving her his stiff surprise, but he wanted to see what she would do first. There was something magical about watching her like this, when she didn't know she was even being watched. Her absolute true self, without pretense or guard.

He was already hard as a rock as he watched her slowly step into the tub and under the bubbles. He found himself slowly stroking his cock up and down in the front seat of his car. It was almost midnight, and the auto-light had already turned itself off on the outside of their house, so he wasn't worried about anyone seeing him.

And then she did something that shouldn't have surprised him, but it did, and he was only too excited to witness it - she turned the water back on and put the shower head under the water against her crotch. She closed her eyes and began slowly wiggling her hips in pleasure, spreading her knees hard against the sides of the tub as she opened her mouth a little. She took her other hand and began playing with her nipples, then she moved her hand up to her mouth and began sucking her finger. He knew what she was fantasizing.

James couldn't take it any longer, he needed her badly. NOW. He stepped out of the car and quietly closed the door, leaving his suit case inside. He would get that tomorrow. He unlocked the front door and stepped inside, slowly closing it behind him. He took off his shoes, set the keys down and started sneaking upstairs. Now he had known that he was coming home early, so he had already washed and pressed his MP uniform so that he could wear it when he came home to his wife. It turned her on.

When he quietly snuck to the top of the stairs, he could hear her moaning softly in the bathroom. The bathroom was arranged in such a way that you could stand in the doorway, but not be seen by the person in the tub unless they poked their head out. He flipped the light switch OFF, instantly sending the bathroom into utter darkness.

Sarah gasped in surprise. Did the power go out? She let out a mild expletive and James could hear her reaching through the dark to turn off the water, to figure out what's going on. He could hear her standing up in the tub and reaching for her towel. Even if the power had gone out, she would just light some candles. James quickly and quietly stepped just outside the bathroom, and when she stepped into the hallway, noticing the night light that was still on, he suddenly grabbed her from behind, pinning her arms to her sides. She screamed in surprise and fear, fighting against his muscular arms. He was much stronger than her.

After a few seconds though, she stopped struggling and said "Jim? That's you, right?"

He lowered his face to her ear and whispered "Yes baby, It's me," and he slowly added "And I want you. so... fucking... badly."

He released her and she spun around to look at him, still wearing his fresh MP uniform, lit gently by the hummingbird night light a few feet away from them.

They started kissing passionately as he backed her up against the wall, his tall rock hard body against her soft slippery naked self. He took her hands and held them above her head with one strong hand, though she didn't fight much, and he took the other hand and grabbed her soft wet breast, teasing her nipple between his fingers. She moaned and said, "Do you want to know what i was just doing when you surprised me like that?"

He slid his hand down her belly and started tickling her naked mound as he replied, "Tell me baby." She wiggled in horny frustration and excitement as she gasped the words, "I was pleasuring myself and imagining sucking you off when you arrived in a few days."

He tightened his grip on her hands above her head, almost to the point of pain, which made her even more wet and slippery, as he whispered in her ear "I know." and started slowly rubbing little circles on her hard little clit, barely touching it. He KNEW how to drive her completely mad. She whined and whimpered, her nipples completely erect, and pushed her hips forward, desperate for him to rub her good and hard. He was so excited to have this effect on her that he almost came right there.

He released her and backed away, and started undressing. They stared at the flaming lust in each other's eyes as he removed his underwear, his cock was rock solid as he ordered her into the bedroom. Her skin was already starting to dry off, and so was the soap residue, but they didn't give care. Sarah eagerly hopped up onto the bed, on her back, and spread those gorgeous legs for him. He immediately began kissing and licking her belly button, slowly working his way down...down... to that glorious little spot that desperately needed his attention. She gasped and moaned, playing with his hair, as he began sucking on her little button, and gently sliding two fingers into her tight little cunt.

He licked and sucked her little clit, stroking her G-spot as he fingered her vigorously with one hand, and he used the other to stroke her inner thigh. It was too much for her, she arched her back and closed her eyes in ecstasy, pulling his hair and screaming "Oh Jim! Right fucking there, oh shit, don't fucking stop!" Her body writhed in orgasm, her little pussy tightening and contracting against his big fingers, as he fingered her even harder. She continued to moan and wiggle a few more seconds before coming back down to earth, as he slowed down and looked up at her, grinning.

She was still horny, and obviously he was too. She looked down at him with her dazzling green eyes and said "Please let me suck you. Let me feel your hard cock in my mouth, you have no idea how much it turns me on."

He made no protest, as he backed away from the bed, leaving her room to stand. She gently scraped her fingernails down his chest and belly as she slowly got to her knees. She looked up into his eyes as she put both hands around the base of his cock and slid the tip into her mouth. She sucked gently, swallowing every bit of pre-cum that came out. She slid her long fingers up and down around his shaft as she licked and sucked the head of his dick. He closed his eyes as his wife went down on him, groaning and holding onto the dresser for support. Her slippery mouth felt so fucking good. He played with her hair as she continued to suck and lick him, and she gently played with his balls.

He wanted to come right there, but he knew what he wanted even more - He quietly said "Baby, get up." She stood up and he turned her around and pushed her down against the bed. He gave her firm little ass a slap as he thrust his rock hard cock into her tight, slippery, wet little pussy and fucked her like it was their wedding night. He gripped her hips hard on both sides and nailed her HARD, she moaned loudly, "fuck me, keep fucking me Jim, oh yes!" he tipped his head back, fucking that tight little pussy, he felt that incredible electricity as he closed his eyes and came hard.

She screamed in pleasure as she could feel his warm cum inside of her. He desperately thrust into her a few more seconds until he was able to think again, as the orgasm started to fade. He slowed down, both of them panting. He pulled out, and she turned around to lay on her back.

He crawled up and held her hands above her head, kissing her, and whispered in her ear, "I've missed you so much. It's a good thing you're off tomorrow, because I can tell you that we're not getting any sleep tonight."

She smiled and looked into his eyes, "Promise?"