 From the summit you could see the lake and the small town of Simla. The entire stretch of the lake looked sleepy in the sun, its color changing from dark green to blue, then to a lighter shade of blue. Hills surrounded the lake, and about midway between the peak of the hill and the lake, sprawled the big stone building of Honeymoon Lodge. The hotel complex consisted of cottages and a main two story building, nestled back in tall trees with its collection of carpeted rooms and discreet servants. During the season, the hotel is always full, and the newly married young couples who enthusiastically filled the dining room usually had a very early dinner even before it was time for bed. Bedtime was singularly early, for Honeymoon Lodge as the name denotes, was renowned as a "honeymoon" hotel - whether you were married or not.

Most of the young men and women who eagerly sought reservations here during the summer months were married, but there were also the romantics who considered themselves enough in love to pay the exorbitant rates. There were also the older couples who wished to "get away from city life" for a while, though that often included getting away from respective husbands and wives as well. But however it was defined; whoever stayed in the Honeymoon Lodge was for passion . . . for passion, love, and lust.

The path connecting the cottages ran along well laid garden, and on this warm September evening, it was young Sheela Rohith who was thrilling to the panoramic view spread out before her. She walked languidly alongside her husband of a few days (they were married last Sunday), her arm tightly pressed to his, unable to stifle the blissful grin on her fresh, roundly pert and freckled face. The new Mrs.Rohith was utterly delectable, totally irresistible and very sexy. Her nose was faultless, the face sweetly rounded, always alive with joy and laughter, the rosebud lips soft and inviting. Her teeth were perfectly even and very white. Her eyes were black, sparkling, and her voice was gentle and soft. Her hair was short, hanging just below her shoulders, now bound behind her head with a broad clip in a high pony-tail. Her breasts were full and firm, not the sickening cones that marred so many women, but full and firm and ripe so that they filled her clothing and strained at every seam. She had stubby nipples in dense, bright aureoles. The belly was firm and flat, and her buttocks were firm and neatly curved, leading to shapely legs. Her arms and legs were slender, the fingers and toes smooth. Her skin was smooth and fair and flawless, with the texture of cream, soft, silken, with no trace of the fine furry hair that blemished so many women.

She wore a gold wedding ring on one finger, and a long mangalsutra, signifying her marital status. It dangled low, of gold and black beads with a twin-cupped pendant that rested against her naked midriff. Her ear lobes bore delicate earrings, and she had a small bindi on her forehead and the traditional sindhoor. Sheela wore a chiffon sari which slung high on her hips and dipping precariously under her belly and back so that it was just above her pubis and buttocks, so that the garment clung to her every curve. Her blouses were provocatively cut, scooped deep and wide to reveal a tempting cleavage, the lower hem very high so that it ran hard under her breasts, which jutted out on all sides like heavy, over-ripe melons. The blouse was very taut and her breasts strained at the confines, threatening to burst free.

She was twenty-four, a little late for marriage, but in love with a perfect man, and married to him. What more could a woman ask? The diamond of her newly acquired wedding ring sparkled magically in the crimson rays of the setting sun, as if mirroring the radiant happiness that threatened to burst her heart.Sheela snuggled her head against Rohith's bare shoulder, feeling the warmth of his brown, masculine flesh. Rohih was lean and good-looking with a square-jawed, strong-nosed face, a slim mouth, deep-set, dark eyes, and a hard, muscular body. He was dressed only in baggy shorts and a close-fitting T-shirt that showed off the contours of his muscular body. His torso was hairless, which she found sexy since she had never liked hairy men.The young bride felt a small, reflexive shiver of fascination move briefly along her spine. 

God, but he was a handsome catch as her friends say, Sheela thought so when she'd first seen him during her cousins' marriage. He had a certain roguish allure which had immediately captivated her, which made her irrationally avert her gaze and blush girlishly when he looked at her repeatedly. It was almost as if Rohith mentally undressed her and left her naked and defenseless in the big marriage hall with all others present. Yes, and tonight also, like their wedding night, Rohith would undress her and lead her naked and defenseless into the secret mysteries of sex. Sheela had remained true to the Indian belief of being pure, virgin and unspoiled for her husband till her Suhaag Rath!

Sheela studied her new husband as they walked together along the graveled path. She watched the way he moved easily, with almost leonine fluidity, the strong muscles rippling along his thighs and chest, the hard bas-relief outline of his manhood straining the thin material of shorts. She'd never seen a man's penis before her first night, and the tantalizing thought of Rohith's long and hard, bulging contour of its manly shaft seemed to hold a strange, awesome fascination for the orthodox young girl, and for one quick moment she was filled with a weird desire to reach across and run her fingers down over the stimulating outline, and trace the curve of his cock as it nestled gently in the softness of his scrotum.Then, abruptly shamed, Sheela averted her gaze and stared mortified out over the summit. Self-deprecatingly, she thought: My God, what a way to be carrying on! Rohith would never respect me if he knew I was harboring such indecent, sinful ideas! I'm so ashamed . . .!

Sheela quickly banished her straying thoughts as she and Rohith made the final turn and entered the clearing of the next cottage. Yet while stepping daintily along the graveled trail, she couldn't stop that lingering curiosity as to whether Rohih was as excited and anxiously eager for tonight as she . . .

The small clearing ended at the porch of the cottage, which was now shadowed in the twilight. But the clearing itself was still bathed in hot tangerine sunlight, and the redwood picnic table and chairs seemed to gleam as if waxed with burgundy polish.

With arms encircling each other's waist, they climbed the steps of their porch and entered large honeymoon cottage. It was nicely decorated with large bed and attached bathroom with extra large bathtub and shower.

Once inside and with the door shut, Rohith drew his young sexy bride to him before she could reach the light switch. His lips found hers and he pressed his mouth wetly down, grinding tightly against her lips. She felt herself go limp, then the soft eagerness of his tongue bid for entry and she gently pushed him free.

"Darling, darling, I love you," she heard herself whisper breathlessly. She fumbled for the light switch, turning on the overhead fixture that was shaped like a miniature wagon wheel, and then turning to her new husband again, she hugged him like a little girl. "I want to be yours, all yours, forever and ever."

Her lips pressed hard against his, open and willing to take his tongue as it probed the depths of her unresisting mouth. Small moans of erotic stimulation gurgled from deep in her throat, and his touch seem godlike. They stood motionless as Rohith pulled his lips from hers and gazed momentarily into her eyes. He knew his young bride was ready, but she surprised him by how ready she was.

"Oh, please," she cried, her body trembling like a leaf in the wind. "Let's make love, Rohith." Her words were those of a woman who hungered for sex and wild sex. Rohith could feel the taut nipples of her voluptuous breasts pulsating eagerly beneath the thin material of her blouse. The cool air and the excitement of honeymoon had kept them almost hard since they had been walking side by side, and his expert ministrations urged them on.

Shela felt her body tingle with excitement as she sank down onto the soft bed and lay gently back trembling, her legs slightly parted and waiting to be taken. And, in spite of her desire, she was somewhat afraid: it was all new to her and for all practical purposes, she felt like a virgin again. No man had ever touched her except her husband, but now the Suhag Raath seemed like only a dream. Everything was so unreal. She couldn't stop her brain from whirling around crazily, and each movement of arms and legs and bodies as the couple came together in a fiery embrace was slow motion, preplanned, unhindered by inhibition.

Sheela felt her hubby's legs tangle in hers, pressing hard against her velvety thighs as his moist tongue pursued a course under her throat and down her bare chest to the voluptuous valley between her youthfully firm breasts, and she reveled in his touch. She felt him slip the straps of her velvet lacy bra over her shoulders and pull the small clothing away until suddenly her quivering erect nipples were free in the air, free to be touched and tantalized.

"Oooooooh, yes," she whispered. "That feels so good." The young wife spread her well-shaped thighs farther apart so that she could feel the fullness of his strong body pressing heavily against the wetness between her legs. She felt him grasp her wrist as he pulled her hand down to his throbbing erect penis, and she voluntarily stroked the incredibly massive muscle that was trying to free itself from the imprisonment of his clothing. She rubbed softly at first, then harder, hearing Rohith groan in appreciation. For a moment she stopped as he half rose and stripped her saree, and petticoat from her body.

Rohith halted long enough to look down in the bright light at the sleekly sensuous curves of the woman who lay beneath him. There was no flaw, no blemish. He could see the shadowy triangle of soft dark pubic hair beneath the white silk of the small panties she wore, and he tugged at them until she lifted her hips to ease their removal.

While he hurriedly undressed himself, Sheela lay hypnotically back, watching, waiting as his straining cock sprang free from his underwear. It was as large as any she had ever imagined--even when she had been stroking it she had not thought it would be as large as this. A shiver of lewd anticipation rippled through the young woman again as she thought of his erect cock's pleasure-giving thickness grinding around deep up inside her warm moist belly.

For a long moment, Rohith knelt about the young wife's trembling form, his breath coming in quick and excited gasps. Then he fell upon her, ravaging the softness of her naked flesh with passionate kisses, his massive cock pressed hard against the outside of her squirming thigh, its heated length searing into her tortured nerves. She writhed against him, trying to get him to change his position, but he was the leader, and ran his hand quickly down her sides and across the soft silken mound at the base of her helpless belly. She could feel his fingers grope for a moment, spreading the softness of her silken pubic hair, and then, finding the smooth fleshy slit between her legs, suddenly slip into place and begin gently massaging her already swollen clitoris. 

"Oh, oh, oh," she gasped. Feeling more and more excited , she lifted her hips to meet his lewdly insinuating finger and increase the pressure against her womanhood.

"Put it in," she begged. "Please put it in."

Rohith responded by swiftly slipping his middle finger into her hungrily open vagina, and pushing deeply, expertly.

"Ooooooohhhhh," she sighed as he began to rotate it around up inside her warmly seeping passage in large circles, caressing the softly fleshy walls of her burning cunt with a maddening thoroughness she had never known before.

"Ooooooh, Rohith ..." she groaned through her tightly pressed lips.

"How do you like that?" he asked gently, knowing he was driving the new young bride out of her mind.

"Oh, yes, please, more!" she sighed, sucking in her breath from the excruciating pleasure he was giving her.

Rohith moved his finger back and forth inside her, like a small child walking with his fingers. Sheela closed her eyes and pumped her aching loins upward again and again. Her vaginal opening was tight as she was a virgin, but now it seemed to flower open farther and farther as his obscenely probing finger excited her to greater and greater heights . "Please," she murmured, tiny beads of sweat forming on her forehead. "Take me now, Rohith, please! I can't stand it any more!"

"Yes, now!" the masculine built hubby hissed, then guided his massive cock up between the young bride's widespread legs and against the tightly pleading opening of her desire-inflamed cunt. He probed for a moment, teasing the softly hair-lined lips and feeling the enticingly tender flesh beneath him open wider. "Oooooooh, ooooo!" Sheela cried as she felt the bulbous head slip wetly inside her sexy vagina, worming slowly into her yearning passage and filling her with all the hardened male flesh she could stand. Her lust-incited senses completely controlled her as her hubby thrust his pulsating cock deeper and deeper up into her spastically heaving belly. "Oh, more, more!" she cried aloud, kicking her legs open wider around his pistoning body to take him as deep as she could up between them.

Rohith was surprised at her energy, and her lust-abandoned moans excited him further. He stopped for a moment, his great shaft of blood-engorged flesh sunk inside her to the hilt, his sperm-filled balls brushing lightly against the softly rounded moons of her smooth buttocks. He watched as she thrashed her head from side to side, her mouth open, tears of wild, erotic pleasure in her eyes.

"Please, Rohith, please, give it to me!!"

And the lust-swollen member inside her began to stroke slowly in and out between her helplessly trembling thighs, a few inches only at first: Out for an inch or two then slipping wetly back inside again as Rohith took control of himself. He wanted this to last; he wanted his young wife to remember this for the rest of her life!

Sheela groaned as she felt the maddening movement caressing the moistened walls of her fully dilated cunt. She lifted her trembling knees higher and her tensed buttocks strained up off the bed, her hungrily throbbing vagina reaching violently up for Rohith's long hot rod of flesh as it began to increase its maddening pitch. In perfect control, Rohith guided his massively straining cock, with perfect precision, lengthening each stroke a fraction of an inch more with each grinding thrust. The young newly married wife groaned beneath him and settled into the rhythm, meeting his driving pelvis with her own moistly contracting cunt, tormented beyond her wildest dreams.

Her insides felt as though they were about to burst. With each stroke the brilliant strobe-like flashes in her mind intensified. She thrust upward, harder and harder, trying to fill herself completely with his licentiously pulsing hardness. 

Sheela dug her nails into his hard-driving buttocks, and her lover's hands grasped at her soft flesh, nearly pulling it from her. The pain of his strong grip heightened her torturous pleasure, and every inch of her body caught on fire with dancing electric shocks snaking their way at the speed of light through her helplessly writhing young body, throwing her into a nether world beyond the reality of the world outside, concentrating her entire being on the unbelievable sensations the man above her was giving her.

Her buttocks began to tighten orgasmically, the muscles grasping at the monstrous cock driving into her and flexing desperately around it. Her tiny anus puckered again and again, and she tried to hold back for a moment longer, making the seconds last. Even in her wild, untamed fury everything was slow motion ... each seemed like a minute... the muscles in her cock-filled belly were responding to the call of her clasping buttocks and tingling anus... she was almost there ... almost...

A great wave welled up inside her and the first convulsions started lazily, far down in the hidden depths of her quivering belly, and rolled downward like the sea with increasing power until it hit the bottom of her grinding pelvis at her cuntal opening, crashing against her just as Rohith's pelvic bone crushed into her. The next came faster, snapping like a whip.

"Aaaarrggggghhhhhh! Now! God, I'm cumming now, oh, oh, I'm cummmmmiiinnnnng! Aaaarrrrggghhhhh!!" she moaned out adulterously into the night air.

The twisting young woman jerked up again as her entire being seemed to snap again and again the violent waves of her orgasm crashed through her and she rebounded with them, jerking upward again and again. Her orgasmic juices filled her desperately sucking vaginal passage, lubricating it more and more until the warm liquid sensation was too much for Rohith to bear. Unable to prolong the delicious sensation, he rose up, throwing his head in circles from side to side.

"Aaaaaaarrrrggghhhhhh!" he roared, like an animal about to attack, and the pressure in his heavily swinging balls burst as his white-hot cum erupted from his straining testicles and spurted from his cock-head deep up into her desperately flowering cunt.

Sheela was still cumming when she felt his semen hotly filling her naked belly, adding more fuel to the already unbearable fires of her lust.

"Oh ... OOOOooohhh, God ... OOOOhhhhhh!" she cried out and her head rolled helplessly from side to side on the squeaking bed as Rohith fell on top of her completely spent, crushing her with his weight. Her eyes were closed, but her attention was still focused on the furnace within her, still smoldering in the aftermath of her spent passions. Her legs dropped limply as she felt Rohith's cock soften inside her, and then slip from her wetly satiated cunt with a satisfying plop. She lay still for a while, relishing the pleasure she had just experienced, on Rohith's heavy breathing as he still lay on top of her.