 She went shopping for a new bathing suit for our honeymoon. My wife is seductively modest. She knows what I like, and she holds back just enough to make getting into her panties a challenge. She enjoys it when I pursue her. She showed me her new suit, a simple, modest tankini with spaghetti straps. The bottoms were purple, and the top was white. It was classy and simple, catering to my tastes. What I did not know was that she had purchased the suit one size too small. I love how her bathing suit hugs her body and accentuates her curves and her ample breasts. This suit would accentuate in spades. And this was just one item she had in store for me.

After landing in Reno, the rental car agent offered us a free upgrade when he found out it was our honeymoon. The 4x4 SUV would prove useful in the snowy mountains. We headed out to Lake Tahoe, our chosen destination. It was the latter portion of March, with most of the spring breakers already departed and the town quieted for the dénouement of the season. We just caught the rental office before they closed, got the keys to our cabin, and proceeded to a quiet, wooded neighborhood on the California side of the state line, much quieter and less tourist-infested than the Nevada side. Our cabin was small and quaint, and the snow was undisturbed. Being a fan of tradition, I carried Vanessa across the threshold and gently laid her on the couch. My plan was to go get the bags, but she held on. We kissed passionately. As she pulled away, she smiled. Her smile is what drew me to her initially. Her smile lights up the room. Her eyes are a deep hazel that draws me in, mesmerizing me, and she uses them to own me.

"Let me go get the bags." I whispered. She acquiesced, letting me slip away. She then went about exploring our cabin. Simple, no frills. It's just what we wanted. Quiet, privacy, a fireplace.......and a hot tub. She knows how sexy she is when she's dripping wet. When we were first dating, we had attended a pool party at a friend's place. When we got back to my place, we sat on the porch and watched the thunderstorms in the distance, she still in her black one-piece, with cleavage heaving as she breathed in the night air. Later she would admit to me that she had noticed me staring at her at the pool party and knew I enjoyed seeing her in her bathing suit. She was teasing me, and it was a mental picture that stayed with me. With the lightning and thunder in the background, her eyes transfixed while we sat on the dark balcony, the stars glistened off her still-moist bosom, and I watched her breasts rise and fall with each breath, wishing I could peel that bathing suit off of her and taste of her sensuality.

After the bags were delivered to our bedroom, the car and front door locked, Vanessa asked if I wanted to enjoy the hot tub she had found. It was on the back porch, and the thought of the contrasting warm water and crisp, cold night air was enticing. I unpacked my swim trunks and noticed she was waiting on me.

"I'll be out in a bit. I have something to show you." She quietly said. I dutifully made my way outside, took the cover off of the hot tub, started the jets, and got in.

She came out of the back door in a thick terry cloth robe, understandable as it was a chilly 30-degree night in the mountains. I could just make out her shape. The yard was dark, save for a soft glow coming from the kitchen. She surprised me when she turned on the porch light. "I hope you like what you see, Babe." I wasn't sure what to expect. As she disrobed, I took in her every curve, accentuated by the tight purple bottoms and the too-small white top. Her ample breasts heaving as she breathed in the cold night air, her nipples erect, the details barely hidden behind the thin fabric. I was in awe, but there was more to come. As she slipped into the warm water, we embraced and kissed passionately. I could feel her breasts against my chest, and she held me tighter than we had ever embraced. As she pulled away from me, I noticed the surprise she had for me. She had taken the lining out of the white top, making it transparent when wet. I could see her small areolas surrounding her erect nipples, inviting me to enjoy them. My bride is a DD cup, and touching and kissing her breasts is my favorite pastime.

"You like?" She queried, smiling devilishly.

"Indeed. You are exquisite." I explored her body with my hands while she slipped my swim trunks down. I was already hard, but my cock began to twitch when she began to stroke me. She turned around, still touching me.

"Touch me all over, Jeff."

I did as I was told, sliding one hand up her swim top to caress her breasts and another into the tight purple bottoms to feel her pussy. She had shaved for me, and she was already getting wet. She let me slide my fingers into her, enjoying her femininity.

"Take off my bathing suit, Jeff, and make love to me." She had turned around and was looking me in the eye when she gave me the directive. I peeled off her swimsuit bottoms, feeling her beautiful round ass as I moved. She couldn't wait, and she knows that I love to see her take off her top. As she peeled it off, her breasts bounced gently, nipples still erect, but now from arousal rather than cold. She latched on to me and wrapped her legs around me. "Fuck me, Jeff. Use my body for your pleasure."

With that, I thrust my cock into her wet, tight pussy. I pushed her against the side of the hot tub. There would be no escaping my conquest of her womanhood. She moaned into my ear as I thrust into her, harder than I ever had before.

"Oh god, Jeff, you feel good. Fuck me, take me. I'm yours. I belong to you. Only you can enjoy my pussy." Little did I know she wanted me to explode, as she was planning on a marathon love-making session later that night. Her heels dug into the back of my thighs, her fingernails scratching my back while she pulled me into her. She was soft, wet, and tight. "You like to see me in my tight bathing suit, don't you, Jeff? You've wanted to fuck me in the hot tub for a while now. Do it. Fuck me, HARDER!" I was slamming my cock into her as hard as I could, my mind a blank save for the ecstasy of seeing her peel out of that too-tight bathing suit and plunging my cock into her. "Come inside me, Jeff. Put your seed inside me. I want to know you own my body. You can fuck me whenever you want. I'll spread my legs for you whenever you want me."

We were the only two people in the world at that moment. Nothing in the world mattered. We were one, and we were in ecstasy. As much as I wanted to slow down and help her come, she wasn't going to let me. She was giving herself to me, completely. "Fuck me Dr. Jones! Use me!" With that, I exploded, filling her womanhood with my seed. My body tensed up, and I was pushing as far inside her pussy as I could get. Her legs tightened around me, and her pussy contracted around my cock. I kept pushing, wanting to stay inside her, to prolong this amazing ecstasy.

We stayed there, holding each other, until I slipped out of her, satisfied completely. I just wanted to hold on to her. I couldn't open my eyes. 

"Wow, you really wanted me, Dr. Jones. I love it when you lose control with me." Little did she know she has that power over me. "Do you like my body?"

"Sweetheart your body is a work of art. I love your body. If I could dip you in chocolate, I would lick you clean." Little did I know that was on the menu for later. I stared at her body as we extricated ourselves from our embrace, feeling my manhood begin to stir again. 

"Let's go inside and cuddle by the fire." We both drifted to sleep in a warm embrace. Our marriage had been fully consummated now. She was mine. And I would enjoy her tremendously.