 Jim and I had just gotten married. It was such a beautiful wedding. It was difficult for me to concentrate on the service because I was so excited about our honeymoon. Last night, I could not sleep since I knew that finally Jim and I would be able to have sex for the very first time. I was afraid I would be embarrassed at the altar since my panties were soaked, as I anticipated my first night of sexual love, and I was afraid it would show through my gown. As the service ended Jim kissed me slipping his tongue into my mouth and my vaginal lips started contracting sucking in air. I thought I was going to have my first orgasm before the honeymoon even started. Jim and I had read many sex education books preparing for our adventures. We had decided during our two-year engagement to use all of our will power to resist the temptation of pre-marital sex. Waiting was so hard but I know it will be worth it.

Finally, here we were at our hotel. Jim carried me over the threshold. Tomorrow, we leave for our two-week honeymoon to Jamaica. As we got to the hotel Jim asked if he could shower first. After Jim finished, I quickly showered and put on my blue bikini panties and my dark blue nightgown. I glanced at myself in the mirror and could see my nipples sticking out, even as they were hidden by my blue nightgown. My panties were promptly getting soaked. I walked out of the bathroom and my face turned bright red as I saw Jim staring at me. He had on his pajamas and I noticed a big bulge where his penis was and a wet spot on the front of his pants indicating to me that he was just as excited as I was. Jim walked over to me and said "Jane, I am going to put this mask on you. I want to stimulate all of your senses in the anticipation of our sexual life together." 

I did not know what to say but my body began trembling. Once the mask was in place, Jim told me to put both of my arms down the side of my body. I was getting dizzy with anticipation. I could hear Jim walking around me and examining my body. He told me not to move. I didn't know if that would be possible. After what seemed like an eternity, I felt the light touch of Jim's hands on my arms. He slid his hands from my shoulder down to my fingertips. Next I felt Jim move up to my neck and down the front of my body. He moved so close to my nipples but never touched them. 

"Oh, Jim, I am so turned on right now. I can't stand it."

"Jane, trust me that when I do make love to you I want it to be the greatest experience of your life." 

I felt his hands on my feet and his feathery fingers moving up my thigh and over my rounded ass but he never touched my vaginal area. I suddenly jumped as Jim had moved around the back of me and after rubbing his hands through my blond hair I felt him move slowly down my back and lightly over my well-curved ass. Once again he did not move close to my vagina that was flowing with moisture. 

"Jim, please, I can't stand this," I moaned. 

"Jane, I promise that it will get better," he said in a velvety voice. 

I felt Jim's light breath on my hair. He moved my hair and used his tongue to encircle my ear. 

"Oh, Oh, Oh, Jim, that is wonderful." 

He slowly worked his tongue into my ear and I thought surely I would die. My vagina was quivering. I have never been so excited in my life. Jim finally used his tongue to outline my lips. I wanted to reach out and grab him but I had to follow Jim's commands about not moving. Jim slipped his hands to my shoulders and I felt him release the straps on my nightgown and it flowed over my body to the floor. As the nightgown dropped over my breasts, it stimulated my nipples even more. I could feel my breast standing out from my body. It quickly dawned on me that I was now completely naked except for my bikini panties. 

"Wow," I heard Jim say, "Your body is unbelievable." "Jim, please let me take off this mask," I begged. 

"No, Jane, I am not finished yet!" 

As I stood there I felt Jim's tongue moving on my neck down the front of my body. He went over my breast but once again missed my aching nipples. I felt his tongue move down my body to my leg and finally to my toes. Jim reached down and very slowly removed my bikini panties. I was on fire. I knew he would see how wet the panties were. I then felt something warm on my back and quickly realized that this was the astro glide that Jim had told me about that allows him easy penetration into the vagina. Oh, I wish he would go ahead and do it right now. I wanted to be fucked me so bad. I felt his slippery fingers move down my back until they reached the very summit of the crack of my ass. I started trembling but Jim stopped. He moved up my back and then down again and then along the side crease of my ass towards my leg. I was streaming fluid from my vagina and thought I would explode. He did the same thing to my other cheek and then stopped. The next sensation I felt was Jim's tongue on my breast licking circles around my nipple but not touching it. "Oooooooooh, Jim that is wonderful." 

Suddenly, I felt his tongue lick across my nipple and thought I would faint. He then put my nipple into his mouth sucked it gently. 

"Aaaaaagh, Jim, I am about to explode," I panted. 

Jim then asked me to take his hand as he led me to the bed. He sat me down and pulled my legs apart and pushed them straight over my head. He asked me to hold my legs against my body. My entire vagina with its quivering lips was wide open. I next felt Jim's tongue on my vaginal lips making circles around my vagina without touching my clitoris. 

"Oooooooh, Jim you are killing me. I have never wanted you as much as I do now." 

Jim allowed his tongue to move into my vagina and could feel him clamping down with his tongue. 

"Jim, I am so close to cumming!"

Jim moved near my clitoris and gently licked circles around it without touching the sensitive, little tip. I was about to pass out. I started moving my hips and Jim had to tell me once again not to move! I reluctantly did what he said. Jim decided it was time for a frontal assault on me. He used his fingers to spread the quivering lips of my vagina. 

I gasped for air and he smiled at me and said, "Jane, this is just the beginning!" 

He was shocked to see the size of Jane's clitoris sticking out from under its hood. It was at least an inch long and the diameter of a pencil. He had read in one of his books that pressing above the clitoris will make it stand out even more. Jim did this and was fascinated by the trembling response he felt in Jane's legs. He though to himself she has no idea how I am going to sexually arose her to the point no return. Jim knew there were more nerve cells in the clitoris than in the penis and realized that this was the most sensitive area of her body. Jim thought of devious ways to stimulate Jane. so that she would do anything he asked her to do. He took his tongue and licked along the lower side of the clitoris. 

Jane screamed, "Ooooooooh, God, Jim what are you doing! Do you want me to die with my legs up in the air?"

Jim paid no attention to her comments and took the whole clitoris in his mouth. He did not move and told Jane not to move. He then very slowly made an opening with his lips and gently slides along the length of her clitoris. 

"Jim, Oh, Jim, Ohhhhhhhh, I can't take this. Please don't torture me like this," moaned Jane.

Jim smiled and assured her that this was just the beginning of her sexual experience and that he didn't know if she would have enough energy to go back to work after their honeymoon. Jim continued to move the clitoris in and out of his mouth with this tongue swirling around her clitoris like one would eat an ice cream cone. Jim could feel her body tense and quiver and heard her begging him for release. Jim finally felt that she was about to climax and abruptly stopped the stimulation. Jane was breathing heavy and couldn't believe he would leave her in such a state of readiness. She never thought he would bring her so close to climaxing and then stop just before she was about to explode. Jim took his penis and applied astro glide all over it before he returned to Jane. There she was all spread open and her vagina weeping with wet secretions. He once more told her not to move. He pushed her legs straight towards her head and placed his penis along the lips of her vaginal area and could feel the lips surrounding his penis. Jane started gasping for air. 

She screamed out, "Jim, please I can't take much more, Aaaaagh!" 

Jim slowly moved up and down until he felt Jane quivering and knew that she was close to having an orgasm. He was not ready for her to reach it this soon. Jim backed off and Jane calmed down but shortly Jim told Jane that the time had come for them to be united. Jane wondered what was next. Jim moved between Jane's legs and placed his penis against the opening of her vagina. 

"Aaaaaaaagh!" Jane yelled out. 

Jim told her do not move. One of the reasons he put the mask on her was so she would not be scared by his 10 inch penis. He was huge. He very slowly put the head of his penis into her vagina and felt the lips and vaginal wall pulsate and try to pull him in further. Jane's head was twisting back and forth on the bed. She couldn't believe the size of this penis. 

"Jim, I don't believe I can take all of that in." 

Jim tried to comfort her telling her that he would be very deliberate in his movements. He could hardly contain himself from climaxing but knew he must. Her vagina was extremely warm and moist and every movement he made produced a sucking sound and a scream from Jane. 

She knew that she was close to exploding with the greatest orgasm that she had ever known. Jim did not move for several minutes and then moved one inch further into her vagina spreading her vaginal walls even further. The lips and vaginal wall starting contracting and Jim thought surely he would reach his own climax before Jane. He then slowly pulled his penis back and could hear a slurping noise as the penis retreated. 

"No, no, no," yelled Jane. "Please put it back in me." 

"Jane I am going to remove you mask but you have to promise me that you will not move and let me have complete control." 

She nodded her head in a positive fashion and he removed her mask. She was in awestruck by what she saw. Jim told her that she must look at him straight into his eyes and that he wanted to see her looking in his eyes when she reached her climax. Once again he slowly pushed his penis two inches into her vagina and once again Jane screamed.

"Aaaaaaagh! Jim, it is so huge!" 

Her vaginal walls continued to contract and fluid moved from her body over the head of Jim's penis. Jim had to bite his lip to keep from exploding into Jane. Slowly he moved two more inches into Jane and she screamed again as the head of his penis scraped along the shaft of her clitoris. He then pulled back on his penis slowly and once again could hear the slurping sound as he withdrew. Jane kept looking into the eyes of Jim while her body trembled with excitement as Jim moved his penis out of her vagina making a popping sound. Jane was beside herself with excitement. 

Jim looked at her and said, "Jane, this time I am going in all the way so look at me." 

Jim grabbed a hold of Jane's straightened legs and pushed them onto her chest opening up her vaginal passage way that continued to drip moisture. He slowly moved past the lips and into the chamber and Jane screamed out. 

"Oh baby, that feels so goooood!" "Ohhhhhhhh, your vagina is so tight, it is wonderful, I am going to make love to you every night." 

Jane smiled and wondered if she could ever get out of bed in the morning if he stimulated her so greatly each night, but she was excited to explore that possibility. 

Jim moved in half way and was amazed at how Jane's vaginal wall held his penis and contracted it in such a fashion that he felt like he was being milked. He slowly pushed inward until he was completely imbedded in her vagina. Jane thought she had surely died. Her whole body seemed stretched by this enormous penis and she felt like her whole body was concentrated on this hot rod that had entered her. Once again, Jim started slowly withdrawing his penis and Jane cried out. 

"Oh, Jim, please don't go so slow. I can't take it any more." 

"Jane, you promised me that you would let me control the situation and that is what I am going to do." 

Jim slowly moved back in and out of the slippery vagina over the next few minutes Jane screamed that she was getting close to climaxing and Jim deliberately slowed down. Jane was beside herself and she lay under Jim as he directed the thrusting of his penis in an agonizing slow fashion. 

"Oh, Jim, I am getting so close." 

Jim could tell that by the squeezing of his penis by Jane's vaginal walls. He told Jane to hold on to the top of her ankles, as he was ready for her to reach her first orgasm. He moved more quickly at the next moment and then would slow down. The alternating movement was driving Jane crazy with passion. She was getting closer and closer to her orgasm. She was looking Jim directly in the eye as he continued his movements. Jane felt like her vaginal wall was being pulled completely out of her body as Jim slowly withdrew all but the tip of his penis over and over gain. Jane felt her excitement rising to a higher level. 

"Aaaaaaaagh!" she screamed over and over again as he palpated in and out of her body. He told her to tell him when she was on the edge of climaxing. Jane was biting her lip as she kept looking into his eyes as he continued his movements. She looked at him and yelled that she was on the edge. Jim stopped and looked at her and grabbed her by her ass and lifted her up and agonizingly slow pushed his penis deep into her vagina. As his penis rubbed across her clitoris she could not control herself and yelled out,

"Ohhhhh, my God, I am cummmmming." 

Jim couldn't believe the overwhelming contraction of her vagina. Her warm tube gripped him and pulsated over and over again. Jim continued to move in and out of Jane's vagina and she could not believe his self-control. She felt herself moving towards her second climax and knew she wanted badly to move desperately against him but had promised to follow Jim's lead. 

"Oh, Jim, here I come again, aaaaaaaaaagh. Ohhhhhhh, it is so wonderful." 

She looked at Jim realizing that he couldn't keep up his thrusting without reaching his own climax but he continued to move in and out of her vagina. Again her warm tube wrapped tightly around his penis and convulsed over and over again. She thought surely it was over but Jim just smiled at her and held on to her hips keeping his penis stationary and pulling her body to him as he started moving in an out of her faster and faster. She started screaming again as she held on to her legs over her head. Jim moved her hips back and forth on his stationary penis. Jane couldn't believe it but felt another climax starting to swell within her body. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh, Jim this is the most wonderful experience of my life please don't stop." 

Jim was beyond responding to Jane and kept pushing her hips towards him as he moved in and out of her vagina. She felt her entire body tremble and thought she might pass out. She screamed at Jim saying that she was climaxing she was getting so close, closer. 

Jane cried out "Aaaaaaaaaaagh. I'm there; I'm there -oooooooooh, aaaaaagh, Oh God, Oh Jim you are so goooooood. I dreamed it would feel like this." 

Again and again she yelled out his name and finally not able to withstand the clamping moist vagina clinging to his penis Jim let out a yell, 

"Aaaaaaaaaaaagh, ohhhhhhhh, ohhhhhhhhh, oh my God I'm cummmmmmmming!" 

Jane was suddenly aware of his warm jets of sperm entering her body. Jim could feel the suction of her tight vagina on his penis and hear the slurping sound as he repeatedly pulled her hips against his body. The was unbearable. Jim sensed her vagina's uncontrollable spasms which caused Jane to yell out, 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh, oh God, oh Jim, fuck me, oh fuck me, I am surely in heaven, you are wonderful." 

Jane reaches a fourth orgasm that flowed over her and caused the contractions of her vagina to milk all of the sperm out of Jim's penis. Jim was convulsing and trembling over his entire body. He fell on Jane and she held him tightly between her legs. Both Jim and Jane were breathing heavy, the sweat rolled between their bodies. She had never felt so relaxed in her whole life. She smiled at Jim and said that she knew this honeymoon had just begun and she had some surprises for him in Jamaica. The next day of our honeymoon will be on my terms.

To be continued...