 This is one of those stories based on fact. Bar room liaisons like this were pretty common in the northwest. The names have been changed to protect the guilty.

*

Gabe Wilson put his tool belt in the locker. Thank god the shift was over. Being a master carpenter wasn't easy, but the money was really good. He had been a carpenter all his working life, becoming a journeyman at eighteen. Now at twenty five he was a master carpenter. There was damned little he couldn't do with wood.

Gabe was a big man. He had sandy brown hair cut short and pale grey eyes. He stood six foot five inches and he weighed around two hundred forty pounds. He owned a house in the Spokane Valley. He was a younger reflection of his dad who had also been a carpenter until his untimely demise in a car wreck. His mother still lived in Spokane. Gabe took care of her needs and didn't let her want for anything. 

Gabe liked working out of town and Libby was about as far out of town as he wanted to go. He jumped into his four wheel drive Chevy truck and headed for the motel. It was Wednesday. He didn't have to be back in Spokane until Friday night. He stripped off his work clothes and took a long easy shower. He got dressed and headed for the restaurant. 

He ordered a T-bone, rare and a chocolate malt. After the meal, he wandered into the bar in the back of the joint. He surveyed the customers. It was still a bit early for any action, so he drove out to the river and watched the fishermen for an hour or so. Daytime entertainment was hard to come by out here in western Montana.

The sun was setting when he drove back into town. He stopped at the Silver Dollar Inn and had a beer. There wasn't much happening there, so he drove out to the Green Lantern Bar just outside of town.

When he walked in the door, the band was just setting up. He waved to them and they waved back. It didn't take long to make friends here. He had gotten to know some of the band members the first night he came in. It was also very easy to become acquainted with the local girls. One of the local honeys was sitting at the bar, so he sidled up to her and sat down. 

"Hi Gabe."

"Hi Suzie, are you up for some action?"

"Sorry Gabe. I'm on a losing streak."

"I don't mind if you don't mind."

"Eww, it hurts when I'm on the rag. Try me next week."

"Okay babe, no problem."

Just as he was about to leave for the next honky tonk, a new girl he hadn't seen before stepped through the door. She was about five foot one, maybe one twenty or so. She wasn't drop dead gorgeous, but she was very pretty. She had nice, round tits and a definite flare to her hips. Mousy brown hair and big brown eyes completed the package. 

Gabe waited until the bartender carded her. He strolled over to her and said, "Buy you a drink, honey?"

"Okay."

"What's your name?"

"Jennifer Wells."

Gabe ordered the drinks and brought them back to the table. He looked her over carefully. She had a small scar on her forehead and her nose was a little crooked. He knew she'd been rode hard and put away wet.

"What brings you out here?" he asked.

"I'm running from my old man, David. He's mean when he's drunk and he's drunk right now."

"Did he hit you?"

"Not tonight, I got away before he could. I'm not going back."

"You just stay with me, sugar and I'll keep you safe. Do you want to dance?"

She got up and held out her arms. He stepped into them and crushed her tits against his chest. She smiled.

"I guess that means you like my titties, huh?"

"They're big and soft. What's not to like?" He whirled her across the floor.

They had been dancing and drinking for about an hour when the door banged open and a big, mean looking guy stepped in. "So, there you are, you goddamned whore! Get your ass in the car. You're goin' home and you're gonna pay!"

"Is that your old man?" Gabe asked.

"Yeah."

"Do you want to go with him?"

"Definitely not."

Gabe stood up as the big guy approached the table. "Out of my way," the guy roared.

"You ain't hurtin' the lady," Gabe replied. 

"She's my wife and I'll do what I want. This is none of your goddamned business. Get out of my way before I kick your ass."

"You're kind of a mean asshole. Do you only hit women? Let's see how you do with a man!"

The guy took a big roundhouse swing at Gabe. Gabe easily sidestepped it and sunk a big fist into the guy's gut. A hard left hooked ended the debate. When the guy started to come around, Gabe leaned down and said softly, "Get your stupid, woman beating ass out of here before you make me mad." The squeal of tires on asphalt signaled the bully's departure. 

"He'll just get me tomorrow," Jennifer cried.

"Naw, you come and stay with me and you can get rid of that piece of shit later." He stood up and offered her his arm. 

She held on to him all the way out to his car. They got in and he drove to the motel.

"I thought you had a house," she said.

"I do, but it's in Spokane."

"When are you going home?"

"Friday night. Do you want to come along?"

"I may as well. There isn't anything left for me here."

"Does your old man work?"

"Yeah, he works up at the dam. He'll be gone all day tomorrow. Can we get my stuff then?"

"Sure thing, darlin'. Now why don't you get your pretty little butt in the shower? Are you hungry?"

"Yup. It's kind of late though."

"I've got a hotplate. I'll just warm up something for you while you warm up something for me."

"You've got a deal, cowboy!" she giggled as she headed for the shower.

Gabe warmed up some pork and beans and fried a little spam. He got a coke out and opened it just as she stepped from the bathroom with only a towel wrapped around her.

"Mmm, spam steaks, my favorite." She commented and sat down on the bed to eat. "I don't want you to think I'm just one of those honky tonk girls."

"No, honey, I know that you are just in some hard circumstances right now. Maybe I can give you a little help."

She finished her meal and went back into the bathroom. He heard the water running and soon she came back out, only this time, she wasn't wearing the towel.

"Your tits are just as nice as I thought they'd be," he remarked.

"Thanks, let's see what you've got."

Gabe quickly stripped. As his boxers hit the floor, his seven inch cock swung free. It was already hard as a tree stump. He pulled her down on the bed beside him and kissed her. As soon as their lips touched her tongue shot into his mouth. As they kissed he massaged her nice, round tits. The nipples were standing straight out. He flipped them with his fingertips.

"That really feels good. Don't stop. Touch me now!" She reached for his cock and started to jack it. She cupped his balls and gently squeezed them. Gabe slid his hands down her body and felt her bush. He ran his finger up and down the slit hidden within. She was wet, really wet. His finger slipped into her cunt and she moaned her approval. 

"Feel me, feel me, fuck me with your fingers. Make me cum." She squeezed his dick as hard as she could. He pinched her clit.

"Show time lover," she whispered.

He rolled over her and made a dive at her swollen cunt. His lips sucked her labia into his mouth and he worked his way up to her little, pink bud. He sucked on it gently while she writhed and moaned. 

"God, you taste good. You've got to cum for me," He moaned.

Her hips bucked against his face as she had her first orgasm of the evening. He sucked up all her tasty juice.

"Please, please, fuck me now!" she begged.

Gabe mounted her missionary style. He rubbed his cock on her entrance. She danced beneath him and tried to ram it in. He obliged by sliding all the way into her in one stroke. 

She was very tight. Her pussy was flexing around his dick as he started to stroke deeply into her. The longer he fucked her, the wetter she got. The wetter she got, the faster he stroked until his ass was just a blur over her humping body.

Suddenly she screamed her release and he felt her pussy milking his cock. "Oh Jesus, do it hard. Fuck me, fuck me!"

He exploded deep within her holding his cock still against her as deep as it would go.

She felt his hot seed as it shot into her center. She screamed again as she came hard against his thrusts.

Exhausted, he fell beside her on the bed. "My god, you've got a good little pussy!" he exclaimed.

"Your big, ol' cock ain't half bad either," she answered. She could feel his cum running down her crack and across her ass. It felt so good! "Can we do it again?"

"Anything to please a lady. We'll have to wait while I reload."

"What'll we do while we wait?"

"I don't know what you're going to do. I'm gonna suck your tits." And he engulfed one of the beautiful, round globes in his mouth.

"I guess I'll help you reload." She grasped his cock and rubbed it on her silky, smooth leg. Soon she felt it start to swell in her fist. When it was hard enough, she started jacking him off. It wasn't long before he was reloaded.

"You get on top," he said.

She straddled his hips and brought her entrance to the tip of his dick. She rubbed her nether lips with it. Smiling, she sank slowly down on it. "This thing fills me just right," she remarked. "I could do this forever. Cum in me again, shoot that man juice into me!" She bounced up and down on the rigid cock. She was again making little squealing sounds while he grunted his pleasure. She threw her head back. "I'm gonna cum again! Aaahhh! Oh god, it's so good!!"

Her pussy was trembling around his cock. He couldn't hold it. Semen shot into her as he fired half a dozen bursts. He rolled to one side and grabbed her tits, kneading them like bread dough. He kissed her nipples and she moaned again.

"Are you reloading?" she asked.

"No way. I have to work in the morning," he said. "Are you gonna wait for me here?"

"You're doing some pretty good work right here. Why don't you call in sick?"

"I can't. I'm the boss."

"In that case, I'll wait for you."

"How the hell did you get hooked up with a dick head like Dave?"

"From the time I was fourteen, when I first grew tits, until I was eighteen, daddy used to chase me around so he could do me. He never did succeed. He came pretty close a couple of times, but mama saved me. She died when I turned eighteen and then daddy lost me in a poker game to Dave. He made me marry the bastard. It was no fun at all. He didn't appreciate the fact that I was a virgin. He never made love to me, he'd just shove it in, get his nut and go to sleep. He'd get drunk and beat me up. The sheriff wouldn't help. I lived like that for five years. I finally had enough. That's when I ran into you at the bar."

He pulled her to him. Her tits were mashed against his chest. His cock was rubbing her pussy. They fell asleep like that.

She felt his morning wood against her crack. Maybe I can slip it in without waking him up, she thought. She eased one leg over him and pushed her pussy onto his cock. To her surprise, it popped right in. She started moving her cunt muscles around his cock without moving her hips. It felt so damned good! What a way to wake up.

As he fought his way up from a deep sleep, he felt something massaging his cock. Then he remembered Jennifer. By the time he was fully awake, he was at the point of no return. His hips bucked involuntarily a couple of times and he shot another load of juice into her greedy pussy. He smiled at her as she came on his cock. "Good morning!" she said brightly.

"Damned if it ain't!" he replied. "Do you want to go to the diner with me for breakfast?"

"No, I'll just polish off the spam. I'll need a key if I'm to retrieve my stuff."

"You can use mine if you're sure you'll be here when I get back."

"No problem lover. I seriously need some more of your dick."

"In that case, I'll see you tonight," he said as he finished dressing and walked out the door.

She was waiting for him when he got back. He knocked on the motel door and she let him in. As soon as the door shut, she jumped into his arms. "I'm so horny I could fuck a cactus!" she exclaimed.

He noticed she had a couple of suitcases. "Is that it?"

"Yup, that's all I want. That asshole can keep the rest of it."

He quickly stripped and headed for the shower with her close behind. When he turned around, she was nude. "That's a pretty good trick," he said.

"Desperation drove me to it."

He stood frozen with one arm up and one arm down. "What the hell are you doing?" she asked.

"I'm makin' a noise like a cactus," he replied.

"I guess that means I've got to fuck you."

"Yup, get on with it!"

She squealed, jumped up in the air and impaled herself on his hard cock. He walked her back against the wall and drove into her as far as he could. She wriggled with delight and desire. Her pussy gripped his cock as he carried her to the bed. Dropping her on the mattress he said, "Now you'll find out what a real cactus can do."

She humped against his cock as he tried to drive her through the mattress. "Fuck, I love this!" she cried. "I'm cumming again. Gimme your cock juice. Shoot it in me. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"

Her pussy was quivering as she came on his cock. The warm flow of cunt juice sent him over the edge and he shot her full of cum again. They lay there panting and feeling each other. It would never be better than this. His dick shrank and fell out of her. She gave a disappointed little groan. "Let's get that shower," he said as he pulled her toward the bathroom. 

"Wash me, woman," he demanded.

"Yes, sir," she answered. She pushed him under the shower spray and rubbed him down with hot, soapy water. She carefully massaged his balls and did way more than was necessary to his cock.

"If you don't stop that, I'm gonna cum."

"Go ahead. I want to watch you squirt." She rubbed faster. She felt his hips buck. "Oh boy! Here it cums!" She squeaked. As his elixir shot from his cock, she bent over and captured the meat in her mouth and sucked hard.

"Oh god!" he groaned. "That is fantastic. Don't stop sucking!"

She kept her lips around his cock until she was sure there was no more joy juice. "Let's get dried off and go eat," she said.

"Yeah, wait'll my legs start working again," he pleaded. "You are a genuine, bona fide fucking machine!"

"Thanks cowboy! It's nice to know that someone appreciates me."

"Your old man must be the idiot of the century. You're really pretty and a great piece of ass. How could anyone beat on a wonderful little woman like you?"

She smiled as she toweled them off. When she opened her suitcase, a quick glance revealed that she had almost nothing for clothes. So her old man was a cheapskate too. The more Gabe learned, the less he liked Dave. He regretted not hitting the son of a bitch a few more times.

"I've got a favorite diner out of town on the road to Kalispell," he informed her.

"Anywhere is good enough for me," she answered.

They hopped in his truck and headed for the diner. The steaks were good and the boysenberry pie was a world beater. After they finished, he drove out to the river and they parked on a bluff overlooking a small waterfall.

She scooted over next to him and kissed him tenderly. "I really love all the attention you're giving me. I just can't get enough!"

"I guess it's been a while since someone treated you right, huh?"

"You're the first one in my life except mama that ever did anything for me. I really like it!" she said as she opened his zipper and fished out his cock.

"You know you don't have to suck it. We could just make out for a while and go back to the motel."

"I like sucking your cock. It tastes good and the end result tastes great! Besides, I really enjoy giving you pleasure." She bent to the task at hand and engulfed his cock.

"I don't have a Kleenex," he said.

"We won't need one. I'm gonna swallow everything you can give me." She went back to her blow job.

Soon, he was wriggling in the seat. His hips were pumping. "Suck it, suck it, I'm cumming!" He shot a load into her throat and true to her word, she swallowed it all.

She licked his cock dry and tucked it neatly back into his pants. They drove slowly back to the motel.

"You'll have to come with me to the job site tomorrow," he said.

"Why is that?"

"Because we're leaving right after work. I'm going to check out in the morning," he explained. 

"Oh, okay."

"Get packed tonight so we won't be screwing around in the morning."

"Yes, sir," she grinned. "I can still get some of your cock before we go, can't I?"

"Count on it."

They packed their stuff and put it in the truck. He went to the motel office and told them he was going in the morning, same as always.

When he got back to the room, she was lying on the bed, nude, with her legs spread wide. He walked over and casually kissed her pussy. He squeezed her tits. His clothes fell off and he consumed her hungry cunt. It was already juicy and he lapped at it like a dog. "Roll over on your stomach," he ordered.

She complied and felt a finger playing with her asshole. "Are you gonna fuck my ass?"

"That's my plan."

"I've never done that before. They say it hurts a lot."

"It might hurt some, but if we do it right, you'll really enjoy it."

He lay across her butt and grabbed her tits. He backed off and he could see her wet pussy glistening on the dim light. He bent down and licked her asshole, applying lots of saliva. She squirmed and grunted. Nobody had ever licked her ass. He did it again, and again. He slipped a finger into her wet asshole. He finger fucked her asshole for a while until she started to back up into his finger. He gave it another big, wet lick and slid his cock up to the puckered, pink, tight little hole.

"Get ready, babe," he grunted.

He popped the head in, past her sphincter. "How does that feel?'

"It feels strange, but good. Give me some more." She groaned.

He slid his dick into her a couple of more inches. She was insanely tight. He started a gentle thrusting motion. He knew if he did this again, he'd have to have a tub of K-Y.

"Do it harder," she requested.

He slammed his dick all the way into her and felt his balls slap against her pussy.

"Ow, that hurt a little," she said.

"Too late babe, I've got to fuck your ass now!"

He was thrusting harder and harder into her. She was moaning her approval. She hadn't expected it to feel this good. "I'm gonna cum!" she screamed.

"Me too. I'm gonna squirt it in your ass!"

"Oh, yeah, sock it to me cowboy!"

He slammed into her as hard as he could. He felt her ass tighten around his cock. For a minute he thought she was going to snip it off. She was bucking hard as her orgasm overpowered her. Right in the middle of her orgasm he shot a big load of semen into her ass. When she felt his juice splash inside her she had another orgasm. 

His cock quickly deflated and he heard a little pop when it dropped out. He left it in her ass crack. His cum felt good as it drained out of her ass and onto his dick.

"Wow, we've gotta do that some more," she moaned.

"Oh, yeah, every chance we get," he replied. He fell on his side taking her with him. Now they were in the full spoon position. He engulfed her tits in his hands and dozed off.

He awoke to the feeling of hot lips encircling his dick. It was already hard and almost ready to cum. "I love waking up like this," he told her.

She bobbed her head in agreement and didn't let go of his cock. Soon he was squirting into her mouth and she was swallowing the load. "Mmm, I just love this for breakfast," she observed.

"Speaking of breakfast, we'd better get on over to the café. I can't be late. I'd have to write myself up. Pussy whipped is not a good excuse."

After the morning meal he drove out to the job site. It was a huge lodge that was going to be a new tourist resort. Libby was becoming a resort town and several companies had construction projects there. The town was still recovering from the asbestos disaster of the eighties.
