 It had been fifteen years since the three of us had been together. All through high school as well as collage we hung out together. We were like the three musketeers. However, after graduation we all needed to go our separate ways. 

By now the three of us had great jobs, married, kids, and a house and were doing well for ourselves and had earned some time off. It was as if fate made us call each other, and when we talked, it was odd; we all had the same plan in mind, to go on a fishing trip. We always had a great time fishing together growing up. We made plans to meet in our hometown then rent a large SUV for the trip. Since we all still had family there we knew we could pick up gear there as well as see our families. 

We all made it into town about the same time and made a short visit with our families. We had set up the SUV ahead of time and it was ready. Our families had gathered the fishing gear we needed so we did not take long to pack up. It was a 12-hour drive to our cabin at the lake we reserved and we had all been up since 6 am. With the flight time in and packing up we were all worn, but excited about the trip. 

Since the SUV was in my name I was first to drive. We had the GPS and maps laid out and we ready to go. As we pulled out and headed down the road, Joe popped in some tunes and said, "Let's get this party started!" 

Tom piped up and said, "One more stop and we are ready." Joe and I looked at each other and smiled saying in unison, "Beer!" We all three laughed.

We stopped to get the coolers filled and picked up a few bottles of Capt. Morgan. We had a road trip.

We headed north and our trip was off to a good start. We talked and laughed about the past and present catching up on all of the things that used to be and those that are now, and we all agreed, our wives were a pain in the ass. Hell this was number 2 for Joe, Tom had only been married for seven years. That made me the old maid, being married for ten years. 

Before we knew it we needed gas. We gassed up and were off again. We took turns driving now so no one got burnt out but we were to excited about the trip to sleep. After a few more stops we were there, and it was in the early morning hour when we arrived. We had called the cabin manager earlier to let him know when we would get to camp and he told us how to find our cabin and the key would be under the mat. 

We pulled up to the cabin and found the key, letting ourselves in. It was then we caught our second wind, we unpacked while having a beer and picked our rooms. We set up the place and stored food and fishing gear like a team, but then we always did work well together. By now we had everything stowed and had drank several beers. Tom broke out the Capt. and we toasted our trip, each taking a slug from the bottle. We downed another beer and decided to crash.

All three of us slept late into the day, it was ten am before anyone woke. Since all three of us were early risers, this was late for us. Grabbing a quick bite to eat we checked on the boat we had rented. Everything seemed great. We loaded the boat with our gear and coolers and were ready to push off. 

Then Tom asked, "Where is the live bait?" We all looked at each other as if, "you were to get it" but we had all screwed up. 

So we reverted to our old games, Rock, Paper, and Scissors. Joe lost and had to go to the bait store. Joe stepped out of the boat and I tossed him the keys to the SUV, and a beer. Tom and I went out in the boat to scout for good fishing areas. 

We saw Joe head off as we motored out onto the lake. It was a large lake and was known for its good fishing. Since this was not the time of day to fish, Tom and I used the map and GPS to scout for some good spots.

By now Joe had reached the local bait and tackle store. 

The story picks up from Joe's eyes.

As I pulled up to the storefront I thought to myself, it looked like most lake front stores but when I got inside it seemed more of a "Quickie-Mart" as we would know it, but with a room just for fishing supplies off to the side. As I walked in, I saw an elderly man sitting near a potbelly stove; I asked him where the live bait was. He looked me up and down and did not say a word, then pointed to the backroom. I thought he was an unfriendly old cuss. 

I headed to the back into a room and found it full of tackle, poles, and lures, and near the back was a wall of glass doors, like in the beer isle, but it was not beer behind them, it was live bait. 

It was then a woman stepped out to greet me; she surprised me making me jump. She giggled then said, "I am sorry if I startled you." as she smiled at me. Then she asked, "Is there something you need?" 

Now I was not sure if it was "her" or what she said that seemed like a come on, but it got my attention. I cleared my thoughts and told her I needed some live bait. She looked at me then brushed her hand across her tit while asking, "What are you fishing for?"

Ok, now I know she was coming on to me. She was a very nice looking girl, in her mid twenties I would guess, and well built. Even wearing the sundress I could see she had well-rounded breasts. 

Without thinking I said, "Breast." Then stammering I said, "Bass!" She was smiling so wide at my slip up. She walked over to me and placed my hands on her tits, then asked, "you like them big?"

She knew the answer before she asked. Reaching down she gripped my hardening cock and smiled. She pulled her top down popping her tits out and cupped the back of my head pulling me toward them I sucked them hard! I was in such a state of shock as well as sexual arousal that I did not notice she had unzipped me. It was not long till she dropped to her knees pulling my cock out of my pants, before I knew it and sucked me in all the way. She was good, way good, stroking, licking, fondling, and cupping. Then she did it, she snaked a finger to my ass and stroked me. I gripped her head and panted heavily, trying to let her know I was going to blast, but she already knew this and gripped my ass cheeks hard pulling me deep into her throat. I emptied my load into her mouth and down her throat as she sucked. Dam she was good! 

As I gathered myself she sat a small box of mixed live bait on the counter, saying, "that should keep you going for a while." 

She had a large smile on her face, and so did I, then I asked, "What do I owe you for the bait?" 

She looked me dead in the eye said, "Thirty bucks." She smiled and winked as she said it. I paid and left heading back to camp.

As I drove back to camp I began to think of what to tell the guys.

The story line picks back up with (me).

Tom and I could see the SUV coming along the road toward the camp from where we were on the lake, so we motored toward camp to pick up Joe. As we pulled up to the dock near the cabin, Tom and I both noticed that Joe seemed uneasy, and it was not like him to be that way. Joe tossed the bait box to Tom and said, "Lets go!" As if he were in a hurry. Tom and I looked at each other then shrugged it of. 

Being it was my name on the rental slip, Tom and Joe made me the boat driver, which meant all they had to do was drink and fish, but I was ok with that. As we made our way to the spot Tom and I had scouted Joe and Tom had a beer, Joe downed his before Tom and popped another. Tom and I did not think much of it since we had already had a few beers while he had to go to the bait shop. 

When we got to our first area to fish, and Tom asked Joe for the bait, when he gave it to him the small box of bait, Tom looked confused, and said, "What the hell is this? Is this all they had?" 

Joe snapped back in defense, "If you don't like it go buy your own bait next time. I thought we would try a small box to see what was biting!" 

We settled in and fished all afternoon and into the evening until we knew we knew we had to head for camp. We all needed a break. We ate dinner and headed out for a night run of fishing. We seemed to be back to normal and everything was good, the night fishing turned out to be very good. It was after midnight till we docked and called it a night. After a few more beers and shots back at the cabin we all decided to crash.

Even thought we were up all night, the next morning started off great, the three of us worked together like a team and cooked one hell of a big breakfast, cleaned up and were ready to go. We loaded the boat and were off, the morning went great. As we motored in around noon, we knew we would need more bait. 

Joe looked at Tom and said, "Well it's your turn to get the bait, so lets see how you do!" There was something about the look on Joe's face when he made that comment that puzzled me.

Tom knew he had to go and did not waste any time, he wanted to get there and back so he could fish. As he sped off in the SUV Joe and I cleaned and set up the boat for the evening fishing.

The story picks up from Tom's eyes.

I was a bit pissed, since Joe had already been here, he could have gotten all the live bait we needed for the time we were going to be at camp. As I walked in I saw a young boy, I would have guessed to be in his early teens, I asked him, "Where is you live bait?" He directed me to the room off the back. As I got to the back room I began to calm down a bit as I looked around, it was full of all kinds of fishing gear.

I must have looked around for what seemed like ten minutes, but was only a few, then I saw the coolers with the live bait sign. I walked up to the counter and looked at all the bait they had to offer. 

Then she stepped out from the back and startled me. She was a younger woman I guessed about to be in her early to mid 20's, and very good looking. She had on a tight pair of jean shorts and a loose oversized tee shirt that was so thin you could see through it, of which I could see a bright colored tube top covering her breasts.

She did not say a word, she just smiled, as I looked her up and down, until I realized I was ogling her and looked her in the eyes. I stammered and said, "I need some bait please."

She walked around me placing her hand on my shoulder and slowly slid it down my back as she asked, "What are you fishing for?" I was at a lost for words, it was if she had cast a spell on me, I just looked into her eyes as she circled me and caressed my face. She took my hand and said, "I think I know what you want!" then placed my hand on her right tit. 

It took me a few seconds before I realized I was holding her tit and pulled my hand away. She looked into my eyes, smiled and said, "You can not resist me." Pulling her shirt off and the tube top down she exposed what I thought was the best pair of tits I had ever seen. 

I was in her spell, I did not think, all I could do was react. I gripped her tits with both hands, kneading them and rolling her nipples in my fingers, I was so into her tits I did not even notice she had unzipped me and pulled my cock out, until she dropped to her knees in front of me.

She slipped her lips around me to wet my cock then pulled back and stroked it a few times, then went back down on it again, she kept this up, sucking, stroking, and licking, she was so good. I felt my balls tighten up and knew I was going to cum, I placed my hands on her head to push her away, but she pulled me in deeper. Without thinking I gripped the back of her head and forced my cock down her throat as I began to shoot my load. She took it all and more, milking me till I was weak in the knees. I gripped either side of the counter for support as she drained my cock. She rose to her feet and licked her lips, smiling from ear to ear. She slowly stuffed my cock back into my pants then pulled her top up and licked her fingers. She stepped behind the counter and placed a small box of assorted live bait on the counter. And without a blink, she said, "That will be thirty bucks". I paid her and left the store. I was so stunned I could not think so I just drove back to camp.

The story line picks back up with (me).

Tom looked uneasy when he returned from the store, I asked if he was ok, but he just nodded. Joe and I had made sandwiches for all of us and had eaten by the time Tom had gotten back, so Tom grabbed a beer and a sandwich also. He downed the beer and grabbed another; I could not help but to think he was acting just a little strange. We kicked back in camp and had a few beers as we waited for sunset to go back out to fish. 

Come sunset we loaded the boat and set off for a night of fishing. Being guys, I thought I would poke fun at Joe for the small live bait box he bought, so I asked Tom if his bait box was bigger then Joe's. 

Tom and Joe looked at each other then Tom said, "Joe was right, buying a small amount means the bait will be fresher." I thought they had both lost their minds as well as their senses. Even so, we had a good night of fishing and did not turn in till 4 am. 

The next day was like the rest, up and ready to go and no bait, so as it seemed, it was my turn to go to the store. From what little info I had gotten from Tom and Joe I knew the bait coolers were in the back. As I walked in the front door I nodded and greeted the clerk at the front, and said, "Fresh bait?" He pointed to the back of the store. I made my way to the back room to find a lovely woman behind the counter and I started to see why Tom and Joe seemed so nervous, she looked me in the eye and asked, "You need fresh bait?" I smiled and said, "Yes." 

She walked out from behind the counter and stepped up close to me, I could fell her breath as she brushed her hand through my hair. Her lips touched mine and our tongues explored each other. I did not stop to think, I just reacted placing one hand on her tit groping it. She backed off and pulled her top down to let her tits breath. I did not waste time, I sucked them hard till her nipples were like bullets, and she had undone my pants letting them drop to the floor as I did. Then she dropped to her knees and took me into her mouth. She sucked and licked till I was ready to pop, then she surprised me, she reached under and tickled my ass, I blasted into her throat, and she did not stop until she had drained me. 

We pulled our clothes back on then stood up and looked into each other's eyes, I could not help but laugh. So I asked, "Let me guess, Thirty Bucks for the bait?" She smiled also and nodded. 

I was feeling a little bold at that point and told her that tomorrow night was our last night in the cabin; it was then I asked her, "Is that all you do, sell live bait?" A large smile grew on her face then she asked, "What did you have in mind?" I did not have anything to loose, so I laid out my plan in full to her. 

I explained to her that on our last night were to have a big fish fry and lots of beer to celebrate. I suggested she show up later in the evening as the entertainment. She seemed to like the idea and agreed to stop in at which point she told me her name, Angela.

When I got back to camp the guys asked what I thought of the store, I just shrugged and told them that it had more to offer then you would think, and left it at that. We spent the day and night fishing and had our best catch ever. 

The next day was spent cleaning the fish, the boat, and the equipment as well as readying ourselves for the night fish fry as we watched football and drank beer. We had a great day and everything when very well. 

It was just after sunset and we were all sitting around having a cigar when I saw car lights pull up next to the cabin, Tom and Joe did not see the lights. As they watched the game on TV I stepped outside and met Angela as she walked up to the cabin. She had on a short pair of denim cutoffs and a halter top that barley held her in. I told her I had not told the guys she was coming to the party, so she walked behind me and stayed just outside as not to be seen as I walked back in the door. I got the guys attention and then said, "Gentlemen, I would like to introduce a guest, this is Angela!" Stepping aside she walked into the room. 

The look on their faces was worth it all, they were speechless. I grabbed her a beer as she walked up to them and planted a wet kiss on each them, then taking the beer from me she kissed me also, then took me by the hand and drug me into the bedroom with her bag in hand. At this point I did not know what to think, but she seemed to know what she was doing all right. As she downed the beer she opened her bag and pulled out a CD. She told me to go put it on and get her a shot and a beer while she changed, so I did.

As soon as I stepped out of the room both Tom and Joe were standing there wanting to know what was going on. I told them to get a beer and some one's, sit down and enjoy. I started the music then got a double shot and a beer headed back to the bedroom. I was polite and knocked before pushing the door open slowly only to find Angela still dressing, I closed the door behind myself as I walked in, all she had on was her panties.

She grabbed the shot and downed it then chased it with the beer, then said, "Hit me with another!" So I did, but before I made it back to the bedroom she had stepped out into the living room and had cranked up the music, so I grabbed shots and beers for all of us.

Angela danced to the music and put on a very seductive show, moving through the room and rubbing up on each of us in turn. At one point when one song ended, she picked up her shot (a double) and held it up, we took the sign and grabbed ours also, we all downed them together then washed them back with a beer. Angela danced to one more song then took a break, she said she would be right back out and made her way to the back bedroom. It did not seem as if she was gone that long until she retuned, wearing a new out fit and had in hand a small pouch and a towel, but to be honest we did not notice it, she looked too hot. She gulped down her beer and looked at me saying, "Keep them coming, and another shot for us all!" I got up and drug one of the coolers with beer closer and after pouring shots sat the bottle next to where I was seated. Angela then put in another CD and as it started to play we took our shots, then she stared to dance again. I grabbed the bottle and filled our glasses again while watching her sway to the music as her hands worked across her body making her nipples protrude through the thin fabric of her bra. 

You could see in her eyes, (when she had them open) that she had drifted into her own world. She rubbed her hands up and down her body slowly lingering at times at her nipples and pussy. As the songs changed she would move to match its tempo, then started to strip her clothes off to the music, and it did not seem like it took long till she was naked. The next song came on and she moved toward Joe, giving him a lap dance swaying and grinding just for him, she did the same for Tom and then onto me, and we all got to grope her tits as she rubbed her pussy on our laps. 

When the next song started she had moved to the middle of the floor and picked up the pouch she had brought out with her, she unzipped it slowly while looking at us with a sexy leer. Slipping her hand inside she pulling out a pink dildo that was shaped lick a cock, (it even had veins) and some oil. Putting some oil on her fingers she rubbed her pussy while she sucked on the pink cock, then moved the cock to her tits as she danced around to the music. She slowly sank to the floor and worked her legs back and forth giving us a peek at her wet pussy, then she pushed her legs wide so we could see her dive the cock into her wet hole a few times before pulling it out and sucking it dry. As she stood up she knew that we had approved of her show, and not just from the whoops and hollers during the show, but the fact that all of use were sporting hard cocks!

Angela stood in the middle of the room naked then said, "We all need to do a shot, right now!" The three of us stood up, grabbed our shots and one for her, and then joined Angela in the middle of the room surrounding her; we toasted then downed the shots. Joe took the glasses and set them aside. Angela gave us each a quick kiss on the lips then dropped to her knees. I thought she was going to drop out, but she surprised us, she pulled our pants down one by one rubbing our hard cocks as she did, then made her way around to pull our boxers down. 
