 I took an early retirement from where I had worked. I finally got tired of all the nonsense and the company made an offer I couldn't refuse. I thought everything would be smooth after I left. That wasn't to be the case. Soon after I left my wife told me she wanted a divorce. It seems she found a boy toy to play with and she didn't want to be married any longer. That news came from out of left field. I made sure that the divorce terms were agreeable to me. 

I ended up getting the house but I had to share the money with my ex-wife. Now I was on my own and feeling lonely. I happened to be in the grocery store one day when I ran into Rickie. We were quite friendly back at my old company. Unfortunately Rickie was much younger than me and we were both married at the time. Nothing ever came of our friendship. I told Rickie that we should get together some day and have lunch. She liked that idea so we exchanged phone numbers.

After our meeting I was thinking about Rickie. She was on the short side, barely five feet tall. She had long, dark hair and for a short woman she had big breasts. I knew I couldn't wait so I called her up. She said she would be free next Wednesday so we made a date for a restaurant not far from where she lived. I met her on Wednesday outside the restaurant. She gave me a big hug and much to my surprise, she kissed me on the lips. 

We went inside and got a table. As we waited for our food we sipped on a bottle of wine. I told Rickie about my divorce. She said that her marriage to Jeff wasn't going so well. It sounded like they had been fighting quite a lot. The food finally arrived and we drank even more wine. I had my eyes glued to Rickie the whole time. I was horny and could only think about tasting those big tits of hers.

We finished our meal and to my surprise Rickie invited me back to her home. I figured what the hell, her family might be around but I could at least I could talk to Rickie a while longer. Her place was barely a mile away. When she opened the door there was no one home, it was just the two of us. I am not sure what came over me. I knew it was dumb but I pulled Rickie into my arms and we kissed. I thought she might tell me to stop but that didn't happen.

I brought my hands up to her chest and I squeezed those big breasts. Rickie seemed to be getting into it. The next thing I know is we are undressing each other. I finally got to see those tits. They had to be 'C' cups on that small body. Rickie had a thick patch of pubic hair between her legs. I knew I had to taste her. We didn't make it far. Rickie got onto her back there on the couch and I climbed in between her legs. I lowered my face and thrust my tongue into her gash.

Damn, did Rickie like that. She put both of her hands on the back of my head and she urged me to lick her slit. I used my tongue as well as sliding a finger inside her pussy. You should have heard Rickie cry out as I licked up and down her wet hole. 

"Please Tom, I need to feel you," she begged of me.

I knelt and got Rickie's legs up. I positioned my mushroom at her opening and I slowly slid into Rickie's pussy. I went slow at first. Rickie was almost begging me to push in the whole way and take her hard. I did just as she wanted. I buried my dick inside the whole way and just held it there. Rickie's muscles were going into a spasm. I would pull out and then feed her hard with my erect bone.

I knew I should have done this a long time ago. I was going to take Rickie and make sure she was my lover. My big balls were rapping against her bottom. I love hearing that slapping sound as I pushed my dick in the whole way. I would stir my cock around and make sure Rickie got to the point of a hot boil. I looked down and could see Rickie's body was shaking. I soon felt her squirting her juices. 

It surprised me at first. I pulled my dick out and Rickie sent a jet of cream onto my chest. I pushed back in and fucked her with a few strokes and then pulled out again. Rickie kept bathing me with her wet cream. I thought she might even pass out from the fucking she was taking. All that squirting pushed me to the edge. I couldn't hold back any longer. I shoved my dick in the whole way and I exploded. Rickie's face said it all. She was getting off feeling my hot, sticky sauce coating her pussy.

Rickie clamped down hard on my rod and I blew even more cum into her belly. This must have gone on for a good fifteen minutes. When I finally got soft I pulled out and watched as my baby seed came spilling out past her inflamed pussy lips. It's safe to say, I hadn't had sex like this in a long time. Rickie had her eyes closed as she tried to recover from the fucking she just took. When she finally looked at me she looked like she was crying.

"Hold me Tom," she said. 

I took her in my arms and she pressed those big, erect nipples into my chest. It took some time before we got ourselves under control. Rickie went into the bathroom to clean herself up. When she came back, she had a wet cloth that she cleaned up where our love juices had spilled onto the couch. She also wiped down my dick. Rickie told me I should get dressed. Her son would be coming home from school shortly. I did as she asked and Rickie walked me to the door.

We kissed once more and she said she would contact me, if that was alright. I told her I wanted to see her again and to hear from her. I walked to my car and drove away. It was a good thing I left when I did. I saw the school bus driving into the area where Rickie lived. I got home but my mind was on one thing only, Rickie. I wanted her again. I needed my cock to be fucking her as often as she needed me.

Late that night my phone rang.

"I have to be quiet," said Rickie.

She said today was the best thing that had happened to her in a long time. She was down in the family room by herself. She told me she could still feel my cum in her belly. She also said she had so many things she wanted to talk to me about but she was going to have to be brief tonight. I told her I needed to have her again. I said my cock was hard right now, just thinking of making love to her.

Rickie said it was too dangerous to have me over to her house. Could she possibly drop by some day and see me. We set a date and I am waiting not so patiently until I can fuck Rickie once more.