 My name is Tom and I have been married for six years to a nurse. I don't see my wife much as she works the 3-11 shift and I work days. It has been causing a strain on our marriage as of late. Everything started to change just recently. I began to take a walk after work to burn some calories up. One evening I ran into a young girl named Katie, who lived a few blocks down from me.

We started to walk and talk one day and I found out about Katie. She was eighteen and just graduated from high school. She lived with her divorced mother not too far from my home. Katie had a cute face with shoulder length brown hair. She was rather petite, with a shapely body and some firm tits, from what I could see. I don't know what possessed me, but I invited her over to my house when my wife was at work.

I didn't think she would show up, but the next day the doorbell rang and there was Katie. When I made the invite I said we might watch a movie together. Katie came in and sat down on the sofa. I got each of us a glass of wine and then popped a dvd into the player. I hadn't told Katie it was a porn movie. 

It didn't take long and the action on the screen began. We drank our wine and I looked over at Katie. It seemed she was liking what she saw on the tv screen. I moved a bit closer to her and then looked directly at her face. That was when we had our first kiss. I pulled Katie into me, and we began to tongue kiss. I ran my hands over her chest and Katie didn't fight me. 

I figured I might as well go all the way and I pulled her shirt off then her bra. I had her stand up and the shorts and undies came off as well. I was next to shred all my clothes off. I was standing up, my cock hanging down when Katie reached for it. She placed her mouth around the head and began to kiss and suck my mushroom. She had obviously done this before. Katie licked on the underside and ran her tongue up and down my now hard shaft. 

I placed my hand on the back of her head as guided her into taking as much of me as she could. She was eventually able to get all of my seven inches down her throat. I am not sure how long this went on, but when she reached for my balls and squeezed them, I knew I was close to shooting. I arched my back a bit and then unloaded all my cum down into her belly. There must have been four or five good squirts which she managed to get every drop.

Katie swallowed like a pro. Unlike my wife, who didn't like to suck me or swallow my seed, Katie was into it. She was gulping down every hot drop of my liquid. After we finished I pulled out of her mouth with a plopping noise. This was the first of numerous oral sessions Katie performed on me. For a couple of weeks, Katie would show up in the early evening and relieve me of my precious cum.

One night when she arrived, we once again drank some wine and Katie blurted out that she was still a virgin. She said she wanted me to be the first to take her cherry. I was a bit put off at first. I didn't have any rubbers at home, as my wife was on the pill. It was decided I would fuck her without one and pull out when I was close to cumming.

I led Katie back to the bed and we both stripped. Katie got on the bed and spread her legs as wide as she could. I stood there looking down at her incredible body as I stroked my cock. I then got between her thighs. I leaned down and started to suck on her nipples. Katie always loved when I did this previously. She arched her back and I bit and sucked on the tips. Katie began to moan and tell me she wanted all of me.

I then took my cock in hand and started to rub the head up and down her slit. I got the head in place and started to slowly push forward. She was a virgin alright. It took nearly a half hour before I got about half my cock inside her pussy. She was so tight and her tunnel was hot. I kept forcing more of my cock inside her, until I was finally all the way inside her.

Katie let out a deep breath and said, "Tom please fuck me good this first time."

I had every intention of doing that. I began to feed her my whole length. My balls were bouncing off of her bottom. I also sped up. I was out of control myself. I had never had a young virgin girl in my bed before and I basically lost it. Katie wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled me into her. We were fucking like crazy now. How long we had been at it I had no idea. I did feel the pinch of my nuts, telling me I was close to cumming.

I said to Katie I was ready to pull out, but she wouldn't unlock her legs.

"I want to feel your cum Tom, please!" Katie was practically crying for it.

I had waited too long by now. I started to pour my thick cream into her passage. I squirted huge gobs of my love seed deep into her pussy. Katie was nearly screaming at me as I pounded her for many minutes after I came. I could feel her pussy spasms after I blew my load. She told me later that she had multiple orgasms after I unloaded inside her.

My cock eventually went limp and I pulled out. I flipped over onto my back to catch my breath. Katie went into the bathroom to clean up. Lying there, I realized I had done a foolish thing. I had cum inside a fertile young woman. When Katie came back into the bedroom, she got on top of me, sitting on top of my limp cock.

She began to rub her oozing pussy up and down my shaft. Then she asked me some questions.

"Am I better than your wife in bed, Tom?"

She surely was. She also asked if I got excited looking at her naked body. That was a definite yes.

All the while, my cock was getting stiffer from all the friction from Katie's pussy. She eventually lifted herself up and stroked my cock a few times. Just to make sure I was rock hard. Then she sunk her pussy down around my thick boner. I thought I was going to pass out. Katie was slamming down hard onto my stiff prick. I reached up and cupped her breasts. Katie threw her head back and then road me for all it was worth.

"Tom, will you make me pregnant?" Katie asked in a heated moment.

I told her that wasn't such a good idea. She replied back that I had already probably planted my seed in her. My head was swimming by now. What had I gotten myself into? Katie didn't let up. She was sliding up and down my cock and begging me to fill her with my baby seed. All that talk was really getting me aroused and it was then I shot a geyser into her tight passage.

Katie was screaming for me to fuck her harder, and I just kept erupting inside her very tight pussy. I didn't think I had so much cum in me, but this young woman was milking me completely dry. After this hot fuck session, we just couldn't stop from doing it. I was fucking Katie nearly every night. I am ashamed to say I didn't wise up and use a rubber. We both loved how it felt to screw skin to skin.

It is now some time later and Katie told me she has missed her period. I am now sweating it, wondering what to do. Katie is pressing me to leave my wife. It is rare that my wife and I make love, now that Katie is in the picture. Frankly I don't have enough energy for two women. I am now sitting here pondering what to do. What would you do?