 This was the lead-in story to Double Heart tattoo. A story which a number of you really didn’t seem to like very much – oh well. Anyway if you like this one I just might be persuaded to do a re-write on DHt. Via con Dios - juanwildone


“Oh my God! You just fucked that girl didn’t you?”

I turned to follow the direction of my wife’s glare. All I saw was a perfect thong divided ass swaying slowly away. As to fucking her – hell yes, I had fucked her and then some. To be precise I had mentally already had her on her knees giving me a knee buckling blowjob. When she gratefully and adoringly swallowed my load it acted as an powerful aphrodisiac and she quickly stripped and had me fuck her to a mind shattering orgasm. After that she sucked me stiff and pleaded with me to take her anal cherry - which I did to her grateful thanks. So yes I had fucked her. I was guilty as charged but…there was no way I was going to admit it.

This was another classic lose/lose situation. Deny the fantasy fuck and my wife would call me a liar – and rightfully so. Admit it and I would be just as fucked – since this was the beginning of a week long vacation in The Islands. The primary purpose of which was to re-ignite our under used, over-stressed, ‘I’m just too tired tonight’ sex life. A pissed-off and untrusting mate would not be the way to begin said re-ignition. I turned back to my wife and saw my salvation. Her neck and shoulders were splotching – she was aroused!

“Oh. And you didn’t?” The best defense in a lose/lose situation is a relentless balls-to-the-wall offense. When on the attack keep it vague and above all - do not pause unless you have to breathe. “You should see how flush you are.” Her hand went instinctively to her upper chest as if she would be able to feel her color.

“You weren’t this red for me this morning.” I had indulged in a bit of cunilingual delight as a ‘good morning’ wake up. I had stretched it out long enough that by the time she came – and she came hard – we were running late for a tour she had scheduled. Whereas, I can get a blowjob and be satisfied with that, for Karen, my wife (I should have introduced her earlier – by the way I’m Matt) oral sex simply fans a flame that can only be extinguished with a thorough fucking.

“I bet you panties are soaked.” And I knew they would be because we were headed back to the cabana and she was clearly in a mood to finish what we had started this morning, which was why my wandering eyes had her so righteously pissed off. I made a move reach under her sundress.

“You’re crazy.” And she slapped my hand away. But her breathing betrayed her. It wasn’t shallow and angry, it was deep tremolos and erotic. I love it when her nostrils flare. It was time to go for broke. The great thing about betting the farm was that if I lost she would be laughing her ass off at my expense and my mental fantasy fuck would evaporate into a forgotten nothingness. But if I won, oh baby, if I won...I turned to face the retreating thong.
“Excuse me miss. Yes you.” My heart pounded as she stopped and looked back over her shoulder. “My wife would like to ask you something.” She completed her turn and walked back. “Hi, my name is Matt and this is my wife Karen. And you are…?”

Michelle introduced herself as a fellow vacationer. She was staying through the weekend and was in the same section of the resort as we were.

I quickly offered an arm to each woman and suggested that we save the Q & A until we could share a drink. Since we were already walking in the direction of our cabana I suggested it as the logical destination. I kept the conversation going with an endless stream of insightful observations about the beauty and sensuality of this tropical island paradise and the relative size of the different bedrooms available here, vis-à-vis, hotel accommodations (where Michelle was staying) and cabana lodgings (where we were lodged).

Once inside I steered the girls to the couch and got their drinks. I gave Michelle hers and then turned to Karen. As I handed the drink to her I let my hand rest on my wife’s knee and leaned in or a quick kiss.  Of course my hand slid up her thigh taking her sundress with it. Karen tried to push it back down but I feigned losing my balance. I noticed that Michelle not only got a good look at Karen’s legs but we all got a whiff of Karen’s arousal.

“Michelle, obviously Karen and I were both taken by your extraordinary beauty and sexuality. I must confess that Karen correctly called me on mentally ‘having my way with you’ when you walked past earlier. I called her on the same, although I don’t know if she had her way with you or you had your way with her.” I turned to Karen and her mouth was slack in stunned disbelief as I outrageously continued on.

I pushed my pile of chips to the center of the table, in a manner of speaking, and turned back to Michelle. “I’m sure that a man hitting on you is nothing new and possibly a woman hitting on you is not that uncommon either. But I have never seen Karen like this. She wants you. She wants to see, touch, smell, and taste you.” I reached out and pulled Michelle closer to Karen by placing Michele’s hand on Karen’s thigh where mine had just been. The girls were looking at each other eye to eye so I stood and walked out onto the lanai and sat in a rattan chair. 


“Matt. Would you please come in here?” I stood slowly and attempted to straighten my shorts so that I could walk. Karen with her full breasts and flaring hips lay beside Michelle’s slim Asian suppleness. Both had their outer leg bent with the knee thrown wide so that their glistening cunts sparkled in the ambient light. From the chorus of moans I had listened to over the last hour I knew that those very cunts had been thoroughly explored and enjoyed.

“Take off your clothes and stand at the foot of the bed.” Karen spoke with a matter-of-factness that surprised and aroused me. “Straddled our legs and walk on your knees.” I slowly crawled forward until I my thighs were pressing into their hot, wet crotches. My cock twitched as I watched them reach out for it. The women watched with half-closed eyes as they fondled and stroked me. I knew I wouldn’t last long and all too soon my breathing became labored as my body spasmed. I cried out loudly as I sprayed them, waves of pleasure continuing long after I had ceased ejaculating.

I was still semi-erect as they moved about until Karen was positioned before me with her legs spread wide. I was now standing at the foot of the bed again. Michelle had Karen lift her hips, which Michelle supported with a number of pillows until Karen’s cunt was at the same height as my hardening cock. “I really need to be fucked right now Matt.” Karen’s eyes were glazed with lust. I pointed my cock at her cunt and watched in amazement as Michelle gently spread Karen’s swollen labia allowing me to slide easily inside her.

We had never tried this position (hard to believe) and its benefits were immediately apparent. The head of my cock was rubbing back and forth across the roof of Karen’s cunt giving her G-spot a thorough stimulation. Once I was inside Michelle turned her attention to Karen’s nipples and mouth. For the first time in my life I was watching my wife make out with another woman – it was fucking unreal. I lifted Karen’s legs and hooked her heels over my shoulders. I kept an even steady pace. I knew I was doing her right because she kept breaking off Michelle’s kisses so that she could look at me. Her furrowed brow told me that I was hitting all the right spots.

I can count of one hand the number of times Karen has come with me inside her – it’s that rare an event. Her panting seemed to drop an octave and she wrapped her legs around my hips encouraging me to quicken the pace – which I did. Her panting increased in speed and intensity along with a whole lot of hip thrusts when she suddenly became silent and completely rigid. I kept thrusting into her and felt my own orgasm swell and then release. She went from completely rigid to totally limp in a micro-second – she looked as if she had passed out. She literally slid off of my cock and the stack of pillows. I was just trying to stay standing while Michelle gently stroked Karen’s hair.

I gave up on standing and slowly collapsed to the floor. I found myself at eye level with her well-fucked cunt. Cum was already leaking out of her. Usually Karen has something ready to stop the leak – not this time. I watched as my sperm flowed slowly out of the bottom of her cunt and across her perineum, it pool momentarily at her little starfish then dripped onto the bed.

I slowly climbed onto the bed and slid in between the two women my still erect cock pointing toward the headboard. Karen’s eyes were glazed while Michele’s blazed with lust. I had hardly lain back when Michele sat up and look at Karen then nodded her head in my direction. I heard a barely audible “yes” from Karen and Michele immediately proceeded to suck my cock. When she was apparently satisfied that I was both hard enough and wet enough she swung a leg over me and impaled herself on my cock. She started doing a wild hula/belly dancer thing with her hips that didn’t do a whole lot for me but seemed to be doing all the right things for her. She was doing whole body tremors inside of five minutes and it appeared that she was well on her way to a very satisfying orgasm.

Damn it, I wanted mine too. I lifted her hips up and pulled her off of my cock. She wasn’t resisting, nor was she helping much. I can’t say that I did this deliberately but I must confess to a healthy degree of perv-ness. By this I mean that I rolled her over toward my wife so the Michelle was lying chest to chest over Karen. Michelle’s ass was positioned perfectly for me and I thrust into her. I fucked her as hard and as fast as I could. I was pounding her pussy to the slap – slap – slap of my hips to her ass. She started to push back against me and then she came. Then Michelle did something that blew my cork. She lifted Karen’s arm so that Karen’s hand had to touch Michelle’s pussy where my cock was pounding her. Since Michelle had already cum I thrust deeply into her and pumped my balls empty. As my cock began to soften I pumped slowly a couple of times causing my sperm to drip into Karen’s hand. I pulled out and dropped into a deep sleep.

From deep within my slumber I felt a rocking motion. When will these women leave me alone? “Matt, wake up…its time. Come on Matt open up those baby blues honey.”

I blinked, stretched, and smelled the tropical air. I was a little stiff. I looked at Karen and smiled.

She wasn’t exactly smiling back. It was one of those one eyebrow raised looks that tell me I’m treading on thin ice.

“That better be because of me buster.” 

I followed her gaze to my tented Dockers. Well hell - In for a penny, in for a pound. What’s the use of having an active imagination if you don’t use it?

“I had every intention of using this on the flight here. I can’t wait to show you all the exciting things we can do with one of these.” I smiled or rather I leered my best at her. “You just never know where one of these might come in handy.”

“I can’t imagine what you mean.” Although her expression suggested that she knew otherwise.

I got our bags from the overhead and drew a great draught of island air. “Our first day of vacation. This is going to be great!” I gave Karen a healthy goose as she bent over the seat to retrieve her book. She swatted back at me and ended up with a handful of hard cock. She squeezed it.

Ah yes The Islands – I was hooked.