 PRELUDE

"Hand me your glass of wine."

"Do want your own glass?"

"No I'll use yours. I want to dip your cock in it and drink wine as I suck it." 

"You are a very creative lover, Denise."

"You taught me that when you drank the wine off my ass in the Jacuzzi."

"I can't think of a better ass to drink from than yours."

"Don't hand me that, I know that you did that to Veronica too."

"That's true but she also has a nice ass. The two of you have the nicest asses I have ever had."

"I'm going to suck you some more."

"Be my guest and enjoy. You may even get a wine spritzer."

Denise dropped her head back down and engulfed the wine flavored cock in her mouth. She could not deep throat the 7+" pecker but she easily took 5" in her mouth and Walt loved her technique. She would swirl her tongue around the cock while it was in her mouth. Every so often she dipped the cock in the glass of wine and then licked it up and down before putting back in her mouth.

Walt and Denise were so engrossed with the oral sex that they never heard Veronica enter the condo. "I thought that I would find you here when you weren't at home."

"Hi Ronnie, I just came over for some wine."

"I can see that."

"How was your flight?"

"Annoying, these guys kept hitting on me and one got a little fresh. I put him in his place though. Sometimes being a flight attendant is a pain in the ass job."

"You want some wine, I can share."

"You know I do just let me get out of these clothes."

Walt watched as Ronnie took off her clothes. He loved seeing her naked with her shapely body and long brown hair. She moved over to the sofa where Denise was sucking Walt's cock. Denise lifted her face to be kissed and Ronnie kissed her passionately. Denise handed Walt's cock to Ronnie who dipped it in the glass of wine and took it in her mouth.

Lifting her head briefly Ronnie exclaimed, "Delicious, my favorite vintage!"

The three of them laughed but then Denise and Ronnie returned to sucking Walt's cock. They took turns dipping it in the wine and sucking it. They continued to do that until Walt announced that he was going to cum. He shot part of his load in Denise's mouth and then Ronnie took it and he came in her mouth. The cock was passed back and forth between the two beauties until he was drained. Denise leaned over and kissed Ronnie and they swapped whatever cum was left between them.

"Let's hit the Jacuzzi. It's my turn to reciprocate and eat some super fine ass."

"Don't forget the wine.

"I won't."

INTRODUCTION

Denise and Veronica were roommates in the same condo complex where Walt lived. They had not met while living at the complex but Walt met Denise at a technology conference. She was working one of the booths and Walt introduced himself. They liked each other and he asked her out for dinner. Denise accepted and that's how he eventually met Veronica. 

Veronica was a striking brunette who stood at 5'11" tall. For a tall girl she had a very attractive figure with 36 C breasts, a narrow 25" waist and a shapely 36" bottom that was very round and curvy. It was unusual to see a girl Veronica's height with such a nice looking ass. Veronica was 26 years old and she was a flight attendant for a major airline. 

Denise stood at 5'4" and had a lovely 34-22-35 body with cute pert breasts and a delectable bottom. Although she was 27 years old, she was a stark contrast to her tall brunette roommate. Denise had short blonde hair and she was indeed a natural blonde. She worked for a major computer supplier as a technical support representative.

Walt was a handsome man at 6"3" tall and weighing in at a fit 190 pounds. At the age of 30 he was well traveled and a very active athlete. Walt was an avid downhill skier and SCUBA diver and he usually vacationed in the Rockies and the Caribbean. He also played golf and tennis and worked out most mornings at the condo fitness center. He seemed tireless and always energetic. 

GETTING TO KNOW DENISE

One Friday Walt decided to ask Denise out for dinner and she accepted. She gave him her address and he laughed. "I don't believe this. We live in the same condo complex. I'm not more than a ½ mile from you. I'll pick you up at 6:30 PM."

She was pleased that he called as she had no plans for Friday. They had a great dinner and afterward they went for a walk. Denise took Walt's arm and cuddled to him as they strolled along. They stopped several times and kissed and then resumed walking. Walt was anxious to get Denise back home but when they arrived at their complex, she said goodnight and went to her condo. Walt had a woody and he was disappointed that he didn't get laid that night. 

Denise took a liking to Walt but here were two reasons that Denise didn't sleep with him that Friday night. First, she made it a rule that she never slept with a guy on a first date. Secondly, Denise was not that horny as she and Veronica had made passionate love the night before. Unbeknown to Walt, Veronica had taken good care of Denise's pussy. Walt resisted the temptation to masturbate that night as he thought about Denise. He dozed off thinking about going clubbing Saturday night and maybe getting lucky. Walt usually had no trouble picking up girls at the clubs.

Walt slept in Saturday morning. He was still in his workout shorts sipping coffee and reading the paper on his deck when the phone rang. He answered the phone and he was surprised to hear Denise's voice.

"Good morning, I wanted to say thanks for dinner last night," she started.

"Your welcome, I enjoyed your company," Walt replied.

"I'm glad. That's why I called. Do you want some company later? Veronica is flying this weekend. I have some shopping to do but I don't feel like being alone this evening," she offered.

"Sure, I was going to go clubbing but I'd rather stay in. We could do a movie and a pizza."

"A movie and pizza would be great. I'll come over about four o'clock. Is that okay?"

"Four would be perfect, I'll see you then."

Walt decided to clean the condo thoroughly before Denise arrived later. He cleaned and straightened up until 3:00 PM and then he showered and dressed. Walt put on tan shorts and a polo shirt and he wore sandals. At four on the dot, Denise arrived at his condo. When Denise arrived at Walt's, he opened a bottle of wine and put the pizza in. They sat in his living room and chatted until the pizza was ready. Walt selected a movie which they watched while they ate pizza and drank wine.

When the pizza was consumed, Denise curled up on the sofa next to Walt and he put his arm around her as they watched the rest of the movie. They killed the first bottle of wine and Walt opened a second one. By the time the movie was over they had finished the second bottle of wine. Denise was feeling the effects of it and she also felt very amorous. She had purposely had more than usual and she felt very wicked. Things then moved quickly and Denise found herself in Walt's arms. Walt soon had Denise moaning into his mouth as he kissed her deeply.

Walt's hands began to move over Denise's body and then found their way under her blouse and bra. Walt cupped her firm 34 B tits and twirled her rock hard nipples between his fingers. Denise was extremely turned on and her panties were soaking wet. She wondered if Walt could smell the dampness in her panties. Denise's hand drifted into Walt's lap and she ran it over the bulge in his shorts. She gasped when she felt his erection through his pants.

No words were spoken as Walt stood up and picked Denise up in his arms as though she was a feather. He carried her to his bed. He carefully put Denise on the bed. Walt smiled down at her and then he confidently removed her clothes. Denise's firm tits came into view and her hard nipples stood out proudly. He then peeled her shorts and panties down and off her legs and stared briefly at her lovely body.

Denise watched him as he undressed. By the time he removed his shorts his cock was already hard and stuck out from his body. He was in an unmistakable state of desire as his huge cock stood out at attention. She was in awe of his cock as she looked at it. His cock was not menacing to Denise but impressive and beautiful, that is if a cock could be called beautiful. Walt then began his journey down her body and his first stop with her breasts. He sucked on her tits and rock hard nipples for a long time. Denise was groaning and she could feel the tingling in her loins.

He continued his descent down her body and spent a lot of time kissing her flat firm abs before her bypassed her pussy and kissed and licked her thighs. Denise's pussy was sopping wet and she dying for him to tongue her pussy. He lifted her legs up and placed them on his shoulders then he kissed her inner thighs and blew lightly on her pubes. Denise flinched at the sensation and then she tried to push her pussy toward his mouth. He prolonged the teasing until she pleaded with him.

He tickled her outer lips with his tongue and then let it slip inside her vagina. Denise was so wet that his tongue slid in easily and she unconsciously tightened her grip on his head. He moved his mouth toward her and closed it over her pussy shoving his tongue into her wetness. She cried out and grabbed his head again and held it tight to her quim. Walt sucked on her hard clit and she bucked her hips up into his face. He reached under her and cupped her shapely ass cheeks in his hands as he drove into her pussy with his tongue and nibbled on her clit.

The climax rocked her body and Walt held on for dear life as she thrashed, twisted and bucked all over the bed. He kept right on eating her pussy and he held onto her shapely ass as she thrashed about. Denise slowly calmed after her intense orgasm but he continued to lick her until her pussy was dry. As they lay on the bed Walt continued to kiss her bare thighs as she ran her hands through his hair.

He moved up between her legs as Denise stared at the big cock about to enter her pussy. She couldn't wait for him to fill her pussy with his meat. He slid in and out of her pussy slowly allowing her to adjust to his size and continued to go deeper with each thrust until he was buried balls deep in her pussy. He could feel his balls start to tighten and he knew it wouldn't be long before he filled her pussy with his cum. Denise stiffened and then had another violent orgasm.

She yelled, "Hold me, please hold me, I'm cummmming!" 

Walt reached around behind her and pulled her toward him as she shook and trembled throughout her intense orgasm. As she was cumming so did he and he fired a barrage of cum into her pussy. As she started to recover he laid her back down on the bed and slowly fucked her as his cock remained hard. His cock was swimming in her cunt. He eased his big cock out of her pussy and lay down beside her on the bed. He reached over and stroked her firm tits and hard nipples as she still breathed deeply from the intensity of her orgasm. After a few minutes he was ready to fuck again so he rolled Denise over on her side and slipped his big cock back in her pussy. He reached around with both hands and diddled her clit with one hand and stroked her tits with the other. Denise had not had sex so intense in awhile. Walt seemed to be tireless and Denise was beginning to feel insatiable. She wanted him to fuck her forever or at least as long as they both could last.

"Can I stay here tonight? I don't want to be alone," she asked in a whisper.

"Absolutely, I would love for you to stay the night," he told her.

Walt began to tease her anus and it seemed as if he was testing the water. "Walt you can finger my ass but don't try to put your cock in there," she cautioned.

He honored her request even though he would have loved to take her ass. He fucked her until they were both tired and fell asleep in each other's arms. Denise dozed off in Walt's arms but when she awoke in the morning he was hard again and ready to fuck some more. She started to play with his cock and she loved holding the thick meat in her tiny hand. Walt smiled and caressed her tenderly. They hugged and stroked each other for quite awhile before Denise was ready to fuck but by then she was so ready she almost came when the cock head just touched her pussy.

Walt slowly eased his cock into Denise's tight pussy. He pushed in a little and then backed out then back in and back out. He was gentle and took his time feeding his big cock to her. She caught herself holding her breath and then reminded herself to breathe. Her pussy was sopping wet which served to make his entry a lot easier. Just when Denise didn't think he could go any deeper he did once again taking her breath away. She didn't realize that Walt was not all the way in her pussy because she had felt so full for the past several minutes. Walt began to fuck her slowly and she continued to open up for him.

Once Walt's hips began to move with more authority Denise realized that she had taken the entire cock into her pussy and she began to move with him. He was racing toward a massive ejaculation and she was like a dog in heat. They fucked each other as if they were racing each other toward an orgasm, which in a sense they were. Denise's body shuddered and rocked in climax first and she held tightly to Walt, digging her heels into the back of his body. He stiffened as he always did and then fired round after round of hot cum into her cunt. Denise could feel the force and volume of his cum shots and it turned her on so much that she continued to orgasm until he collapsed on top of her body. 

Walt's cock gradually deflated inside of Denise's pussy and slipped out with a trail of cum trickling on Denise's inner thighs. He rolled to her side and the two of them rested as they recovered for the intensity of their recent orgasms. His wet cock lay against the side of her thigh and she could feel his cum start to dry on her skin.

"Come on let's shower together and then I'll take you out for breakfast," he whispered.

They showered together, dressed and then went out for breakfast. Walt took Denise to a quaint French bakery and she was thrilled as it was her first time there. "I didn't even know this place existed. I can't wait to tell Veronica about it," she told Walt.

"Yeah I like it. My favorite is the soft boiled egg with French bread and a latte."

"I think I'll opt for the fruit tart and a latte."

They placed their order and Denise made a request of Walt. "Please don't mention our sleeping together to Veronica."

"Don't worry; I like to be discreet too."

"Thanks! We both have our share of affairs but I like to be more discreet than Veronica is about her encounters."

"My lips are sealed."

INTERESTING DEVELOPMENT WITH VERONICA

About a week later Walt received an interesting request from Veronica. Denise was going to be gone all weekend and Veronica wanted to learn how to play tennis. She asked Walt if he would teach her. Walt accepted and they planned to get started Saturday morning. He picked her up and they went to the condo tennis courts. 

Walt started slowly with Veronica and soon had her hitting forehands. "Don't worry about the pace of the shot. Just be smooth and get your shoulders into it. Keep your eye on the ball and watch the racquet hit the ball."

After about an hour and a half they took a break and then worked on the backhand. They worked on the backhand until lunchtime and then broke for lunch. Following lunch Walt had her hitting both forehands and backhands. He started moving her from side to side alternating between forehand and backhand. He gradually increased the distance from the center line to the sideline and had Veronica moving back and forth.

She started to slow down and then could just about get to the ball. "That's enough for today. If you like we can continue tomorrow and we'll work on the serve and volley."

"I need to rest. I am dead tired," she sighed.

"You did great; I'll see you in the morning."

Veronica was somewhat surprised that Walt did not hit on her but at the same time she was relieved. She was exhausted and she wasn't sure that she would have been up for any action that evening. She went back to her condo and took a hot bath. Then she ate a light meal and drank some white wine. She dozed off watching TV and later made it to her bed. She slept like a rock.

She woke up Sunday morning and it was all she could do to move. Her body ached from head to foot. Her calves were killing her and it hurt just to walk. She made her way to the bathroom and it even hurt to sit on the toilet and then get up. Her thighs were sore too but not as bad as her calves. Veronica put on her tee shirt and shorts and made a pot of coffee. Walt arrived and she invited him in for coffee. She poured the coffee and that's when she realized her sore her shoulders were.

"Oh my God, I can hardly move!" she exclaimed.

"A little sore are we?" Walt asked teasingly as he knew exactly how she felt.

"A little, I can't even pour a cup of coffee without pain," she groaned.

"I knew that you would be sore today that's why I said we would wait until after lunch to practice," Walt told her.

"I don't know if I'll be able to," Veronica replied as she eased onto the sofa and groaned.

"When you finish your coffee, I'll give you a massage and rub out some of the knots. After breakfast we can hit the Jacuzzi and you will feel a lot better," Walt offered.

"Maybe but right now, I don't want to move."

They had several cups of coffee with Walt getting it for Veronica so that she didn't have to get up. "Are you ready for a massage," he asked.

"I guess so if you think that will help," Veronica answered.

"I know it will help," Walt told her and then said, "Let's do it in the bedroom so that you can stretch out on the bed."

Veronica got up and made her way back to the bedroom and she was about to lie down on the bed when Walt stopped her. "You don't want to stay in that tee shirt and shorts. I'm going to use lotion on you so you should put something else on," he advised.

"What should I wear? I'm not going to lie there in my bra and panties," Veronica replied cautiously.

"Of course not, why not wear a bikini swimsuit if you have one. I'll be careful not to get lotion on it." 

Walt then stepped out of the bedroom and closed the door telling Veronica to let him know when she was ready. He waited outside the bedroom as Veronica changed and then she called to him and said that she was ready. Walt went back into the bedroom and saw the bikini clad Veronica lying face down on the bed. Her legs looked great and her ass looked fantastic as she lay there. Walt shed his tee shirt and poured lotion in his hands. He started with her shoulders and massaged them gently. He located the knots and gently massaged them away. Veronica just about crooned under his strong hands.

Walt then massaged her back and trapezoid muscles and ran his fingers up and down her spine. It felt marvelous to Veronica and she totally relaxed under his touch. He moved from the small of her back down to her calves and Veronica cried out when he began rubbing her tender calves. As he massaged her calves he admired her long shapely flawless legs. He imagined those legs wrapped around his torso as he drove his cock deep in her. He spent a long time on her calves and when he moved his hands to the back of her knees, Veronica felt wonderful.

He massaged her from the back of her knees up the back of her thighs to just below her buttocks. He was very tempted to slip his hands under her bikini bottoms and squeeze her delicious looking bottom but he did not dare, at least this time he would refrain. Veronica felt her juices begin to flow as his hands massaged and caressed her thighs. When his hands dipped in between her legs and massaged the inner thighs, she was sure that she had a mild orgasm. The massage was having an equally erotic effect on him as his cock was rock hard in his shorts.
