 Author's note - IF you are looking for hard driving formalistic sex -- double D woman meets 10 inch man - push on because it ain't here. This is the introductory chapter of what could well be longer piece, depending on reader response. Yeah, I am putting it on you guys to decide whether I write more about Jessie's want of Hope and Joy and what they expect in turn.

Oh and ALL the actors in this play are of consensual age and are consenting participants. 

== First Meet ==

At 63 Jessie found himself residing in a three bedroom two story brick three times too big for his needs. The kids were gone, his career was done and Esther, his life long partner, had lost her mind to Alzheimer. Feeling lost and alone Jessie had settled into a life of apathetic anger and total disdain. His home, their home, had become a cave he rarely ventured from anymore. It was too damn painful explaining to other people his current state of affairs. 

A block or so away Hope, a saucy post teen, was laughing into her cell phone. "That's ridiculous, Joy, the idea of me seducing anyone, especially an older guy, is crazy."

"You want to get laid, don't you," the phone chirped back. "We're nineteen, babe, and still virgins. I think it is time we rectified this error." Joy, the voice on the other end, was Hope's best friend and physical opposite. Where Hope was short and boyish looking, Joy was tall and curvy. Where Hope had long black hair reaching to her waist, Joy had short kinky hair tightly bound in Jheri curls. Where Hope buried her nose in novels, Joy always had a basketball bouncing. They were as opposite as night and day and yet the best of friends.

"You know I do," Hope signed loudly. 

"And we agreed to go with the cards. RIGHT?" 

Hope pulled the phone away from her ear with that loudly spoken affirmation. "You agreed to go with the cards, babe," she answered in a softer tone, "I still think this Tarot card stuff is nonsense."

"Forget the cards then," the phone voice groused, "just keep to our pact - the two of us forever friends." Joy paused only long enough to take a breathe before rushing on. "This is your best friend talking and we agreed to get laid this summer or else. And not by some pimply faced high school jock. And me, I think the cards are right on the money. So there!"

Sitting down at his computer, Jessie logged onto the college network purely out of habit. He had been a teaching fellow at State almost since the day he got his PHD and by all rights he should have been a full professor, but the cards never seem to fall his way. He just kept telling himself he was a good teacher and that his making a difference was enough, even if all he did was teach nursing track science classes and mentor labs. Someone had to prepare future nurses of the world. Realizing there was no mail, he logged off again and sighed. How quick they forget.

The next house down on Hope's side was a two story brick crowding the front walk. It reminded her of her aunt Sophy's brown house down Boston way. She and Harry almost ended up in Boston after mom passed on. Staying on with Joy and her mother had been a god send for her and Harry. Hope could not imagine sharing Sophy's one room walk up.

Bouncing up the three front steps of the brick house Hope pushed a finger to the bell and smiled thinly at the sound of chimes ringing a Beethoven four beat. "Cute," she thought aloud. The last da dah ended with the blurred motion of a body approaching the stain glass door. Door chimes, stain glass, there might well be some money here. She might well get an honest donation out of this. The door swung inward to exposed a gray going white older man. He looked like something out of an Edwardian novel -- tall and slender and well dressed. A sucker for English novels, Hope thought the man handsome, sexy even.

Jessie blinked at the flood of sunlight hitting his unready eyes. For him the bell ringer looked to be little more than a back lit shadow standing his front porch. "Hi there," the shadow announced, "my name is Hope and I am helping my brother collect money for his school band. It you don't have cash, we will happily accept bottle and can returns."

"Cans or bottles, huh? I think I can do that. Why don't you step inside? Better you should bring your bag to my cans than my cans to you."

It took Hope a few seconds to unwind his convoluted wording. Having done so she signaled her brother a 'be right back wave.' But would she, she wondered. Joy's tarot cards had a surprising high success rate telling people's fortunes. According to Joy's reading an older man, the hermit, would invite her in and once in show her the path to supernatural satisfaction.

"Supernatural," Hope asked doubtfully of her friend. "you mean like ghosts and goblins?"

"An orgasm, you dummy," Joy snorted. "Supernatural satisfaction are orgasms. The two of you are going to have mind blowing sex."

"Humph," Hope responded, still the disbeliever.

"Please ignore the clutter," Jessie mumbled nervously, "I am not much on housekeeping." It had been weeks since he'd last had a visitor and months since he last ventured out to visit others. Explaining the absence of his wife was too hurtful, too much to bear.

"Do you need a housekeeper," Hope asked. What with the economy in a tailspin she had come to realize work was work. And this, well, this could well be the part time job she needed to fill in the scholarship gaps. The furniture, early American something or other, suggested old money to her, someone used to having servants around. What was missing was the bustling wife who managed it all.

Jessie found himself idly rubbing his left arm. Some forty years back in Saigon town he got his first ever tattoo and his first ever fuck. It was one hell of a way for a then soldier to celebrate his birthday. Huong was her name, twenty five going on a hundred, she had been banging soldiers for near unto four years. When it came to US dollars there was little she wasn't willing to do or try for her 'lover man'. With sweat dripping down their bodies, he pumped Huong again and again, from the front and from the back they tried out every imaginable position. In between they conversed in her broken English, shared white rice and lingered in her claw foot tub.

"Fucking hell," Jessie muttered under his breath. The resemblance between this girl and Huong was uncanty. "Could be," Jessie finally answered her, "maybe I should hire a housekeeper.

A 'fricken hell' almost escaped Hope's moist lips. She always licked her lips when she was nervous. Damned if she wasn't considering the possibility of letting this guy be the first to slide between her legs and fill her with his cum. She considered Shakespear's 'Kiss me, you fool', or simply stripping down in his bathroom. Hope took a deep breath and mentally slapped herself. Just because he looks and sounds like something out of English romance novel was no reason to loose her cool. Or was it? Was there any real harm in feeding a fantasy? The answer was a resounding no, you should do it.

Jessie led the girl from the front room through the dining room to the kitchen. He frowned at the three day's dishes resting in the sink and sighed. It appeared he did need help. Even the simple things like loading the dish washer defied him. For thirty years Esther did all this and more and watching Alzheimer slowly take her mind was a horror. 

"Are you looking for work," Jessie asked more directly.

"Depends ...." Hope answered thinking fast, "It depends on the hours. I spend most mornings and a few afternoons at the community college. I could probably get here in time to cook you dinner and clean up afterward."

"How about laundry and the other stuff?" 

Hope again wet her lips. "You know what? I have this sexy hot friend. I bet between the two of us we could meet all your needs and then some."

Jessie felt like he'd been punched in the gut. He'd been propositioned a time or two by young ladies looking to up their grades and he always told them NO! Jessie wanted nothing more than to push this Houng look alike up against the wall and begin slowly peeling off her clothes. Only his long established self control kept him from crying out his need of a companion to share his days and a lover to share his bed. As things stood the quiet of this old house would soon drive him crazy.

It had been 40 long years since he last felt this way and it was Huong, the sexy young street walker,who pulled him out of that funk. For the next three months Jessie had spent every R&R break more than three days long at Huong's place making love to her long into the night. For him it was more than just an escape from the war, for he had fallen head over heels in love with the girl. He wanted to bring her back to the states with him when he finished his tour. Between sex visits it was memories of Huong that kept him sane even as insanity of war rolled past him. 

Then it happened. Rushing back from the front he arrived at Huong's place to find she had replaced him with a second luey. Pulling loose a grenade he threatened to frag the two of them, and would of but for his fellow soldiers wrestling him to the ground. Ten days later they rushed him homeward when a mine ripped off the bottom half of his left leg.

"Okay then," Jessie pronounced, breaking free of his dream state. "bring your friend around and we'll see what happens."

Hope, both bewildered and wanting, staggered to the front door and hurried after her brother. The hell of it was she had gotten neither his name nor the cans he promised. Joy was going to laugh her ass off. Of course there was the invite to return. Hope again licked her lips in nervous anticipation. She was already considering what to wear and not wear. Black lace, what guy did not like lace undies on a girl?