 Kari sighed when she looked at the Halloween invitation. Probably the same stupid frat friends of Jay's! Gina promised it wasn't going to be the same guys at their Labor Day barbecue. There would be some cute guys, and they were single! 

"Please, it won't be the same without you!" Gina pleaded. "And I need you to help me with the rum punch." 

Kari was out of costume ideas but had stopped at the thrift shop on her way home from work yesterday. She found an old Girl Scout uniform, complete with sash and badges that looked like it would fit her. 

"Good enough," she thought. She only planned on staying the polite amount of time and then fake a stomach ache. 

She got into a hot bath to wash her day away and enjoy a glass of wine. 

Kari toweled off to get dressed and she decided to go braless because it was so hot at Gina's. Then she braided her hair into pigtails and put on the beret. 

She gulped the last of the wine and grabbed the tray of cookies she made and the bottle of rum she promised Gina. 

When she got to the party there were already a few people there. She noticed a cute baseball player and his pirate friend wasn't bad either. 

"You look adorable!" gushed Gina, who was dressed as a Playboy bunny.

"Not as cute as you!" replied Kari. They set on mixing the rum punch which turned out to be a hit. 

"There's some cute co-worker friends of Jay's, you know!" hinted Gina.

"I'm not really interested in hooking up," muttered Kari through clenched teeth.

"Aw, c'mon, Kari. Live a little!" Kari felt a poke in her side and it was Jay, already tipsy. 

"Hi, Jay," said Kari. 

"Let me introduce you to some of my buddies!" Jay took her arm to lead her away. Kari looked back at Gina who winked at her. She learned the baseball player was named Nick and the pirate was Dave. Later, there were more baseball players making up a team but there were too many names to remember. Kari was getting a little buzzed. Nick was giving her the eye and she felt a little giddy over it. Eventually she made it around the room and helped herself to the rum punch. Nick walked over with his empty cup. 

"More punch?" she offered.

"Yeah, thanks. You helped make it, right?"

"Yup, my specialty," Kari shrugged.

"As a Girl Scout, aren't you supposed to be making cookies?" he joked.

"I made those, too!" she laughed. "No alcohol in them, scout's honor!" she added.

They continued to make small talk but then a woman named Jill (dressed as a hippie) came over and hung around Nick, like he was her property. She found out that the two worked together and they appeared to be an item so she eventually excused herself from the conversation. 

"Gina, sorry, I gotta go! My stomach is killing me," she whispered. Kari hated lying but she felt bummed out. She promised she'd be fine going home, their backyards were practically adjoined. Kari felt relieved by the cool night air. She then let out a scream because a man appeared to jump out of the bushes. Kari's eyes closed in relief to see that it was Nick. 

"Sorry, didn't mean to scare you," he grinned. 

"What are you doing out here?" she demanded.

"Bathroom was full, had to go," Nick replied still grinning. "Hey, what are you doing out here?"

"I'm leaving. My house is over there. It was nice meeting you," she said lamely. Kari started to walk and he followed her. 

"I'll walk with you," he offered.

"Nah, you don't have to. Won't hippie chick be looking for you?"

"You think she's with me?" he asked.

"I guess. Not that it's any of my business. I gotta get going," she trailed off disinterested. She just wanted to climb into bed. 

"Hey, listen, we're not together," said Nick.

"Ooh, in that case, want to buy some Girl Scout cookies?" she joked. Kari didn't want to come off as desperate but she could flirt, couldn't she?

"Come here, you." Nick put his arm around her shoulders and squeezed her and she felt giddy again. They walked slowly like that for a bit, she even put her arm around his waist. He turned to face her and she froze. 

"I don't normally do this." He leaned in for a kiss but she was suddenly overcome by giggles. She mocked his "I don't normally do this" line and began laughing. She dropped to a kneeling position and was holding her stomach from laughing so hard, tears coming to her eyes. Nick lifted her up and held her body to his. 

"I'm sorry," she continued to giggle. "I think I drank too much!"

"Sssh," he replied. His mouth found hers again stifling her giggles. Kari's eyes widened at first and saw that his eyes were closed. She closed her eyes too and decided to 'live a little'. His soft kiss got more aggressive, then his mouth was on her neck and she could tell he was going to leave a hickey. As much as she hated those things it was turning her on. Her pussy was getting moist and she could feel his hard-on against her stomach. 

"I've always wanted to get it on with a Girl Scout," he lightly joked, nibbling on her earlobe.

"Mmm, would you like to try the macaroons, mister?" she taunted. Nick pulled her blouse open and rubbed her tits. He put his lips on the nipples and sucked at them.

"Please, mister, be careful with my campfire badge," she pleaded. They were leaning against a tree but they slid to the ground. His hands moved fast and Kari became breathless. His lips sucked on one nipple and his other hand found its way under her dress pulling the thong away from her pussy lips. Nick's fingers felt how slick she was and he boldly slid his finger in. 

"Did you want to sample the Thin Mints? They're our best sellers," she whispered. Her cunt was so willing, she had no control. Her hand reached for his zipper and slid his enormous cock out. Kari's hand lightly squeezed it and rubbed the length of it. She wanted to suck it so bad.

"Sir? I need to suck your cock in order to get my sewing badge."

Kari kneeled and put his hard dick in her mouth. Her lips and tongue moved up and down his cock getting her pussy wetter. Nick leaned back against the tree and moaned as Kari's mouth sucked him hard and fast. She felt him hike up the back of her dress, massaging her ass cheeks and then fingering her clit from behind. 

"You have a great little ass, I noticed it right away."

" Mmm, thank you, sir, I like yours, too," Kari replied, her mouth full of cock. Her breathing was getting faster as he slid two fingers into her slick cunt. She sucked his cock faster in response.

"Cum in my mouth," she whispered huskily. Nick leaned back and moaned, his eyes shut. She gripped his cock with her hand and continued to suck and stroke it. She lowered her head to suck his balls, still stroking his cock. 

"Oh, God, I'm gonna cum!" 

"Ooh, yeah, cum in my mouth!" Talking dirty wasn't her thing, but it was making her horny as hell. Nick groaned and his cock shot out cum so fast it went right down Kari's throat. It was so fast she didn't even have time to gag as usual.

"Wow, that was the cleanest blow job ever!" Kari blurted out. 

"Don't you ever stop talking?" He smiled. He pulled her up to him so she straddled him. Kari felt his dick harden up under her and she felt tingly and horny. Nick's mouth covered hers in a hot, dry kiss. His fast hands were on her tits again, then lifting her skirt up so he could squeeze her ass. "Mmm," she could only say as his lips found her neck again. He was biting her neck and squeezing her nipples and she was loving his every move. She grasped his cock in her hand and guided it into her wet, waiting pussy, her thong pushed aside. Her pussy resisted at first, but then it opened up and took his cock all the way in. She moaned and slowly rode his cock. It filled her cunt all the way but she wanted to fuck it deeper and rougher. 

"Oh,God! Your cock is in so deep!" She was screaming "Oh! oh!" with each thrust. As she continued riding his fat cock, up and down, Nick pressed his finger against her puckered ass opening. Kari felt a shot of pain that made her eyes fly open and then in a flash his fingered was nestled into her ass opening. The finger in her ass was making her cunt quiver and her only instinct was to drive his cock in deeper to enjoy the intense sensations. 

"Oh, oh, oh, God!" she moaned.

"Do it, baby. Cum on my cock, let me feel your ass cum," he whispered. 

She threw her head back, gasping as the sensations grew. Her pussy exploded, and to her shock she could feel her ass contracting around his finger. Kari kept cumming so intensely, she could only grimace, eyes squeezed shut. She felt Nick pushing his hips up from the ground, pounding his big cock into her as he finger fucked her. 

"Fuck me, fuck me," she pleaded. One final hard thrust and his cock shot another load into her and she felt like she was being ripped apart. Nick lay back, sweating and breathless. Kari leaned forward, his cock still inside her juicy cunt. She kissed him, boldly sticking her tongue into his mouth as he responded with his own tongue. He rolled her onto her back, his semi-hard cock coming to life again. As he fucked her more, she wrapped her legs around his back. She almost cracked another joke about cookies but she stopped herself. Instead she unbuttoned his baseball jersey and pulled her blouse open so she could feel his bare chest on her tits. Kari liked Halloween now.