 Unlike most women, I seem to need sex at least four or five times a day. It's not always easy to find a partner in the middle of the night, at sunrise, or in the middle of the day while I'm at work, so I end up masturbating a lot. My fingers slip into the slippery wet slime in my hot cunt and they jack up and down on my clit until my body racks with pleasure. 

Finally I explode with the warm pleasure of my body shivering with lust and for about an hour I can relax and do the work that I have sitting on my desk. Then I want it again. I look around the area and spy a man I would love to fuck me, but I know if I approached him he would call the sex cops and I'd lose my job. 

So I slink into the ladies room on the assumption that I have to pee and slip out of my panties and pull my legs up so that no one will see me in the locked stall. 

I work up saliva into my mouth then spit it onto my fingers and again tantalize my ragging clit until my body convulses with relaxing pleasure. Once it passes though, I want it again.

I force myself back to my desk and try to work. Soon the urges come once again and I slip my fingers under the elastic of my panties and tingle my clit once again. I slip the finger into my Venus hole and jam it up and down while I continue to stimulate my vibrating clitoris. 

Sometimes when I know there is no one around my workstation, I put my hand under my blouse and massage my hard, aching tits at the same time. It's a wonder I get any work done.

When my boss slips his head into my area and asks if there's anything I need from him, it's all I can do not to say, "Yes, would you please fuck me and suck my tits?"

Yesterday, I was rushing to the bathroom to masturbate again and I ran into Michael. He is so cute and I know he has a large dick. He can't hide that fact. I'm sure that he is as horny as I am. I wanted to pull him into the ladies room with me and fuck him until he slid to the cold ceramic floor.

But, I just stepped inside by myself and sat on the cool floor and masturbated two more times before I went back to my desk.

Maybe I should go to a doctor and see if these feelings are normal. Maybe not!

There's Ivan! He's a tall black man and I know the head of his cock has to be three inches wide. That would feel so nice forcing its way into my thirsty cunt. I can just imagine the force of his thick seed slamming against the back of my cunt. It makes me shiver just to think of it. Oh my gaud! My co-worker, Jessie just asked me to help him with a problem. He is so hot! Five-foot ten with emerald green eyes and great pecks. I'd love to rub my clit against his tongue. My knees shake just thinking about it.

I followed him back to his work area and when we arrived he closed his door. 

"Just don't want to be interrupted; gotta get this project done today. You okay with that?" he asked.

"Sure, doesn't bother me," I replied as I licked my lips and unconsciously touched my skirt around my clit.

"Good, so let's get to work!" He pulled out the extra chair in his are and motioned for me to sit next to him.

I did so and as I sat I spread my legs slightly apart. My skirt rose to just below my pussy. My breast immediately became hard and pressed at my silk blouse.

Jessie saw the reaction and smiled. He turned to his computer and started typing and asking my opinion about the project he was working on.

I knew about the project and had done some work on it myself, which was why he had asked for my support.

I was so horny that I couldn't stop fidgeting. Every time I would shift my weight to make my clit touch my skirt, Jessie glanced at me and smiled. 

I was so horny that I wanted to attack him. 

Then, all of the sudden, he turned to me and smiled. "I know how you feel and I would love to help you out."

Fringing naivety I asked, "What do you mean?"

"I have eyes and I keep a check on things that interest me. I see you leave for the ladies room many times during the day and I am fairly sure that you don't have a bladder problem. I really believe that you go in there to play with yourself."

I laughed and blushed at the same time. "That's absurd!" I protested but my nipples got hard belying my true self.

"You're a really hot woman, Elizabeth and I think you need sex multiple times a day. I think you go in there to masturbate. I can help you there, if you'll allow me."

"What if I agree? Where would we go?" I asked him.

"We're now officially working on this project together. We have to work behind locked doors because this is a top-secret report we're working on. No one has to know what really goes on in here. We just have to be quiet when we have an orgasm."

I licked my lips and smiled. He leaned over and kissed me pushing his hot tongue into my accepting mouth. 

Then his hand slipped up to my pussy and felt the wetness there. He stood up and held his hands to me. He removed the chair and laid me on the carpeted floor. 

Jessie lifted my skirt and found my crotch-less panties. A smile crossed his lips and he bent between my open legs and inserted his hot tongue into my boiling cunt.

I wrapped my legs around his neck and pulled my twat toward his face. He moaned with pleasures as he lapped at my sweet juices. 

He got to his knees and unzipped his pants then pulled out a beautifully shaped phallus that made me lick my lips. Jessie stroked it a few times with his hand the offered it to my pussy.

I spread my legs wide and his boner slipped effortlessly into my Venus pond. With his middle finger he massaged my clit as he slid his manhood in and out of my wetness. 

For a good thirty-minutes we fucked like rabid dogs trying to keep our moans down and finding it hard to do so.

There was a rapping at his office door, and then someone tried the knob. We froze in mid connection and held our breath. Jessie smiled and put his finger to his lips.

Whomever it was left after only a few minutes. Then I heard, "Has anyone seen Christy lately? I need to get some work from her."

My eyes came open wide and I whispered to Jessie that I had to get that report done before four. 

He licked my cunt of all the juices he had deposited, slipped my panties back onto my body and kissed me deep. Then he let me out the back hall door after kissing me good-bye and promising another go-round.

I ran to the ladies room and then casually walked out like I had just finished peeing.

Robert happened to come down the hall just as I did. "Oh, Christy, I was looking for you. Are you all right, you look a little upset?"

"Yeah, I'm okay, my stomach is just a little upset. I've been stuck on the toilet for a little while. "Oh, sorry about that. Do you have my report ready?" he asked.

"Yeah, it's on my desk, want to go with me to get it?

"Sure, why not!"

I handed him the report and he read the first three pages at my desk. I thought he would just leave, but he didn't.

"Excellent work, Christy! Even when you aren't feeling well, you do good work!"

"Thank you sir," I said hoping to get rid of him so that I could masturbate again.

"I know this is not kosher, but I was wondering if you would do me the honor of having dinner with me this evening, I have a proposition for you? It could be lucrative for both of us?" he blurted out.

"I don't know, Robert. You're right; it's not very kosher. We do work together but have never socialized." I reminded him. "Plus, you are my superior!"

"Yes, I'm aware of that, but this would be a working dinner. I have some ideas about that new system we're working on and I want to bounce them off of you. What do you think? We'll go someplace nice and you can have whatever you wish to eat."

I thought about it for a few minutes then agreed; after all it was a business meeting.

"I guess I could meet you at the restaurant; where do you want to go?" I agreed hesitantly, knowing that I would not be able to masturbate until I returned home or that I would spend a lot of time in the ladies room of the eating establishment.

"Oh good, and thank you. How about the Top of the Mart? They have good food there and are always full so it won't seem like a date or anything." 

"That's good, I'll meet you there at what time? Is six good for you?" I asked.

"Fantastic! I'll see you there. I know you will like the proposition I have for you!" he smiled then left my area.

At four, I left for the day and as I approached my car, I saw Jessie was leaning on it.

"So what did Robert want with you?" he asked.

"He wants to take me to dinner tonight and talk about a work proposition." I told him.

"Yeah, right, I know what he wants to propose," he giggled.

"We'll see," I smiled and reached for my door handle. His hand slipped up my skirt and touched my hot clit. 

"You know he has a tiny dick, don't you?

"I've always thought he might; yes."

"Go to dinner with me tonight and I'll fuck you on the table and all the men in the restaurant will stand in line for their turn," Jessie teased.

"I doubt that!" I laughed.

"I'll lick you under the table while you sip champagne!" he continued to try to lure me away from my meeting with Robert.

"Mmmmm that sounds nice. Will you squirt champagne into my pussy with you lips?" I challenged.

"Anything for you my horny lady! I am here to satisfy your every sexual desire. Tell me yes and you'll be the envy of all the ladies!" He insisted.

I opened my car door and slipped behind the wheel. I pulled my skit just above my crouch and then blew him a kiss. 

He whipped the door open and leaned in, licking my clit and jamming his thumb and forefinger into my wetness. 

"You know you want it now, don't you?"

Trying to control my lusty nature, I just smiled and shook my head. "I really have to go home now. I'll see you tomorrow."

"I need a woman like you, Christy. I can't find anyone with your stamina and I'm as horny as you are. I need you and you need me!" he pleaded.

I backed out the car and drove off with him standing in the middle of the parking lot his hands wide open in the air.

Arriving home, I tore off all of my clothes and climbed into the shower and let the warm water tease my clit as I finger fucked my cunt and the warmth of my self-masturbation forced the need away for at least a few minutes.

Stepping out of the hot water gave me a shiver then I lie on the bed, still wet and spread my legs wide. My fingers found my clit once again and I stroked her while I forced an eight inch dildo in and out of my wet pussy. 

The other hand pinched my hard nipples and fire traveled down my belly and into my pussy and legs. My knees came up and spread wide, begging the air to fuck me harder than I could fuck myself.

The sharp sound of the doorbell startled me. I didn't often get guest. 

"Shit!" I cried as I rolled off the bed and put on a simple dress to go see who wanted to bother me in my time of pleasure.

Opening the door, there stood Jessie. He had his dick in his hand and waved it to me as I let him in.

"I just knew you would need this before you go out with dorky boy!" he smiled.

Walking toward me as I walked backward he forced me to the couch. Falling back, my legs splayed and Jessie slipped his dick deep into the warm wetness. 

He adjusted my body so that he and I were aligned and it was easier for him to fuck me. Then he slid in and out of me with the consistency of a jackhammer destroying cement and my body sang with rejoice at such a wonderful explosion.

When he finally stopped, our bodies were slick with sweat and our hair matted. 

I rolled off the couch and headed for the shower. Jessie followed me and climbed into the shower with me. He screwed me two more times before we finally washed our bodies. 

"I wish you'd stay here and we could just fuck all night," he pleaded.

"Sorry, I can't do that. Maybe some other time," I told him.

"Okay, I'll go but I won't like it. I hope you have a terrible time!" He sulked out of the apartment.

I dressed and headed for the restaurant and made it there just in time. Robert was talking to the Maitre d' who looked up when I walked into the door. Robert turned and smiled when he saw me.

I smiled back and joined him. "Your timing is perfect, Christy!" he said and motioned that I should step to his side.

I did so and we were led to an outside table giving us a panoramic view of the city and the splendor of all the night's multicolored lights. The view was breathtaking and made me even hornier.

Taking a deep breath, I thanked Robert for inviting me to see such a wonderful view. He smiled, pleased with himself. "I love this restaurant for its view and its food; please order whatever you wish," he directed with a smile as I opened the large menu. The waiter came to take our drink orders. I ordered a Vodka gimlet; I need something to calm me down. 

I smiled back then looked at the expansive fare. Most of the offerings made my mouth water but I finally settled on the Prime Rib; one of my favorites and one I seldom consume. I also ordered a baked potato and asparagus.

Robert smiled, "Excellent choice. I'm sure you won't be disappointed." 

The waiter came and took our orders and I was so nervous that I ordered another drink. Robert had a second one as well.

Then he said, "I guess you're wondering why I asked you here tonight?"

"Yes, I am, actually." I replied.

"You've been with the company for six years now and I know you've received several, well deserved promotions. But we at the firm have also noticed that you are not getting the kind of challenges we know you need and deserve. So I wanted to ask you here tonight to offer you the position of Junior Executive in charge of Finances. You truly do deserve this type of position.

I'm sure that shock and surprise crossed my face and I know I blushed. I think I sat there for a few minutes with my jaw open and my tongue hanging out of my mouth before I could comprehend what I had heard. 

Then I realized that I was shaking my head up and down without saying a word. I finally pulled myself together enough to say, "Wow! This is a large shock. I don't know what to say!"

"Yes, would be a good answer." Robert smiled.

"Right! Yes! I think I would like that position very much, actually!" Then my cunt spewed juices into my panties; good thing I was wearing them.

"Let's have a drink and celebrate, then", Robert suggested.

We actually ended up having several more drinks. I don't quite remember all of what happened but I do know that I didn't get home that night. 

Robert and I went to his place to do a little extracurricular celebrating of my new position. I do remember teaching him a couple of new positions as well. But the best position was the one where I ended up. 

He has a wonderfully creative mind and prick that would make Godzilla envious. I sucked him, fucked him, jumped up and down on his flagstaff and let him eat me out until we were both so exhausted that we couldn't move. 

When I awoke the following morning in his bed, I felt embarrassed and was unsure of what had happened. As I tried to sneak out of the bed, his arm pulled me to him.

"You're not getting away that easily, my dear! Just because you have an executive position now doesn't give you the right to skip out early. I think we need to practice that last move a little longer; make sure we have it right!" He smiled and pulled me on top of him. 

His staff was strong and hard and hit my pleasure spots time and time again. The rest of the day was bliss as we fucked and sucked one another until the sun went down and we were totally exhausted.

I haven't seen Jessie sexually for a long while now, because today, my name is Mrs. Robert Ingleburg. I never feel horny anymore because my husband is always royally fucking me and I'm as satisfied as any toad could be! 

^fantasex