 We laid in bed, I looked at her body, it was the biggest turn on, even though she couldn't make me cum. Jan was still squeezing my breast, my nipples were hard, she apologized for not making me cum, I said I enjoyed myself. I also told her how good her pussy smelled and tasted, Jan opened the drawer to the nightstand, she found a strap on black dildo, stood up and put it on. I looked at her, this was a picture I had never imagined in my mind, but it did wonder how she would use it. 

Jan knelt between my legs, bent over and kissed my mound, her tongue slid along my crack and she started licking me, her tongue was in proportion to the rest of her body, long and large. She licked and kissed my lips, she made me wet, she lifted up, grabbed the dildo and mounted me. She asked me if I take her black cock, I spread my legs wide and told her not to hurt me. I thought about Jerrod and how sore he made me and smiled at Jan, I felt the tip at my pussy, I wrapped my legs around her and pulled it into me. Jan was looking down at me, fuck me I said, Jan smiled and slowly fucked me, I had no problems taking all of the dildo, Jan was gentle, she was loving me not just fucking me. 

Jan had my legs pressed against my chest and was fucking me with the length of the dildo, I did not cum. I finally asked Jan to stop, my legs dropped down, she stayed between my legs with the dildo in me. She rolled onto her back and pulled me on top of her, I straddled her, bent over to kiss her. The plastic cock was buried deep, Jan started pumping up, I rocked on her trying to bring myself to an orgasm, the dildo was attached to a leather patch, I rubbed my lips against the leather, I was sloppy wet and enjoying it but still could not cum.

I rolled off of Jan and lay beside her, I stared down at the black cock, I enjoyed sucking cock, so I knelt next to Jan and placed my mouth over the head. I knew I could take it in my throat, so I slowly let it slip into my mouth, I knew Jan was watching, I wanted to impress her, so I buried the cock in my throat. I reached up and squeezed her breast, I think Jan was getting enjoying my show. Jan pulled my leg over her head and my pussy was on her mouth, she wrapped her arms around my wasted, pulled me down and buried her face into my pussy. Jan's tongue worked my clit, my moans were muffled by the cock in my mouth, finally I came, it was long and loud. I lifted my head off the cock and went limp, Jan continued to lick and suck, another orgasm was building, she rolled off of me, knelt between my legs, put the dildo in me and fucked me.

Jan and the dildo fucked me hard, she was taking me, making me her bitch, I lay under her, my legs open. The hard plastic cock was hurting me and making me sore. I pulled Jan's face to mine and kissed her, I came loud, kissing Jan hard. I had to tell her to stop, she quit fucking me and rolled off, I was fucked out and my pussy was sore, I fell asleep in Jan's arms. 

It was a short nap, Jan woke me, she had sent a text to Jon and told him where we were, I dressed, but when I pulled up my panties I was I was startled at how sore my pussy was. I took a picture with my phone, my lips were swollen to twice their size. I showed Jan the picture, she wanted to kiss it and make it better, I said no, I couldn't take any more. 

Jon arrived we had a glass of wine and went home. Jon asked me why I was walking funny, I told him what happened, he said he wasn't surprised, Jan was bisexual, attractive and always horny. I explained in detail how Jan used the two dildos on me and how swollen my lips were, he wanted to see them when we got home.

We arrived home, I went to bed, Jon followed. I sleep with my bottoms off, it makes fucking more spontaneous. We spooned, I told Jon my pussy was too sore, I felt his cock poking me, I reached for his hand, put his finger in my mouth and wet it. I put the wet finger in my ass, up to the first knuckle, I pushed my ass back onto his finger, it slipped in farther. I told Jon I was too tight, he reached into the night stand and grabbed the KY, put the nozzle in my ass and squeezed. I felt the gush. 

The next moment the head of a cock was pushing into my ass, I felt the pop, I'm glad I was lubed. He could have shoved the length of it in me but he went slow. I pushed farther back, Jon grabbed by hips and started slowly fucking my ass. I'm glad his cock was thin, long but thin. Deeper he pushed into me, I was enjoying this ass fuck, I wiggled my butt and kept in time with his strokes pushing against him, taking his long strokes, I knew I wasn't going to cum, but I let Jon have me, I squeezed my ass ring, he pounded me. I was like a fuck doll, I was taking the length his cock, his cum spurted in me. I fell asleep with his cock in me. All night long cum and KY leaked out of my ass, I awoke Saturday morning with a mess between my legs and a very sore pussy. 

Jon had coffee brewing I was slow in getting up, the sheets were a mess, I put shorts on they stuck to my crotch and ass. Jon wanted to see my swollen pussy, I showed him the picture on my phone, he smiled, I could see his cock stirring, I said no insertions anywhere until I heal. I squirmed while I sat on the chair, it was hard to get comfortable with swollen pussy lips. Later that day I sent the picture of my pussy to Jerrod, I told him it would be awhile before I could fit him in. He asked when my mouth would be available, I said next time I was hungry.

The weekend was uneventful, and my holes were able to get a rest. Monday Jan called me, we just chatted, she talked about how small my body was, and how it excited her, she wanted to get together for lunch. I talked about what I did at the magazine, she was a financial forensics investigator, I wasn't sure what that was, but interested, we set the date for our lunch meeting, Jan will pick me up tomorrow. 

I looked forward to lunch, but did not want another session with Jan, maybe after the swelling went down, I met Jan outside and we drove to a small restaurant. The conversation centered around her job, I was intrigues at what she did, in the back of my mind I thought about how she could help me with my story. It was my turn, I told her about past stories I published and what I was working on, and my dilemma, she listened without commenting. 

Enough about work, Jan said, she wanted to know if Friday night was something we could do again, I laughed and took out my phone. I showed her the picture of my of swollen pussy lips, she said she was sorry and she wouldn't use the strapon next time, I smiled and sad maybe I'll get diner on our next date, it was her turn to smile. 

I asked her if she like boys or girls more, she said I excited her more than anyone she's ever been with, men were fun with but she's never had an orgasm with a man. I asked her if she liked big cocks, she said she's never seen a big one, Jerrod crossed my mind.

I asked her if this was girl talk and if it would stay between us, she said whatever we talked about was between us, both personal and work related. I smiled and told her about Jerrod, how we met and how he made me cum, and how his big cock made me sore, she leaned closer. I went into detail, how I was horny that morning, and how I got Jerrod to take me to his apartment, how I came on his soft cock. I pulled out my phone again and showed her Jerrod's black cock. She stared and then looked up at me, he fucked you with that, I shook my head yes. I explained how I squatted over his cock and took it in. I showed her the picture of Jerrod's roommate, and how we met, and how they used my body. Jan stared at me and asked if I was still seeing him, I laughed and said as soon as I healed from her attack.

I could see she was getting flushed, maybe be a little worked up from the pictures and conversation. I asked her if she remembered when I sucked her dildo, I told her that was my specialty, sucking and deep throating long cocks, she said I was amazing and wish she had one for me to suck. I told her next time I met with Jerrod I would record it give her a show she would remember forever, she asked if maybe she could tag along.

We finished lunch, and started towards the car, I walked in front of Jan so she could watch my ass move, I was teasing her and she was enjoying it. We sat in the car and Jan asked if she could kiss me, I told her just a kiss and she put her lips on mine. Her tongue was in my mouth, I reached up for her breast and squeezed, she was firm, my hand didn't cover much of her breast, it felt good and I rubbed my palm against her nipple, she kissed me harder. I wanted to reach under her skirt but I wasn't able to maneuver, I pushed her off of me, and back into her seat. 

I reached under her skirt, followed her leg to her crotch, my palm covered her mound, my finger slid between her lips. Jan was crazy with lust, I rubbed her clit with my palm and my fingers slid along her lips. I knew I could make her cum, my palm pressed harder, her head went back, she squeezed her legs together and she came. 

I pulled my hand off her pussy, it was slippery with her cum, I brought it up to my mouth and tasted her, still sweet and tangy. Lunch was over, Jan had an orgasm and I made her my bitch.

Back at my desk, still pondering my story and which version to publish, I sent Jan a text, asked her opinion about my story, she texted back, give her some time, if she has any ideas she would call me. I drove past one of the players houses that I interviewed, I actually interviewed him twice and drove him home twice, the interview was great for both of us. This was the first time I saw it in the day light, it was a nice house, more than I thought it would be, I wrote down the address. I texted the address to Jan, and asked where I could get information on the owner and who was paying for the house, she texted back that she would call me after her meeting.

I had Jan's interest, she was hot for me, I was hoping that she wouldn't try her strapon on me again. I wondered if I should interview a few more student athletes, I decided I didn't have enough holes for anymore lovers. Jan called and said she had a few printouts that she wanted to share with me, I said that was fast, she said she made an extra effort because it was for me. I asked if she could pick me up at work, she said it would be her pleasure, I responded that I was still a little sore, she laughed. 

When she picked me up, she drove, I wasn't sure where we were going, she handed the printout and put her hand on my thigh, she rubbed it and said that she owed one for making me sore. I stared at her and asked if she liked me or am I too small, she laughed and said when she saw me she started breathing fast and she felt a tingle between her legs, she was rubbing my thigh. 

I told Jan that I loved looking at her body, I liked when she took charge, I was surprised at how gentle her kisses were. She tried to speak, but nothing came out of her mouth.

I read the pages Jan handed me, it had more information that I thought was available, owners, payments, insurance, repairs and even who the residents were for the past 10 years. Jan drove to a motel, this was a surprise, the car pulled in and we got out of the car. Jan said this was a company meeting room that she was able to reserve when she needed it, the room had a few tables and a few couches, this might be a good meeting.

I walked into the room, Jan had her hand on my shoulder, the door closed and Jan turned me, I was facing her, she bent over and kissed me, slow and gentle. I was surprised, I guess Jan was horny and aroused and couldn't wait. She said is that okay? I pulled her head down and kissed her back, I asked if she wanted me naked, she said of course, I told her to sit on the couch.

I followed her to the couch and she sat, I stood in front of her, I spread my legs as far as my skirt would allow, I stripped of my blouse, I pulled off my little tube top and my breast were exposed. I stepped close to Jan, I straddled her legs and put a breast up to her lips, she licked it, I pushed it into her mouth, I said suck it, she did. Her arms went around my waist, I wrapped my arms around her head, my nipple was getting hard, I kissed her and worked my tongue in her mouth. I got off her lap, I unzipped my skirt, pulled it down, Jan stared, I asked if she wanted to see if my pussy was still swollen, she just smiled, Ii stepped closer and asked Jan to pull my panties off, they were around my ankles in a second, her mouth was near my mound, she kissed it. I sat on the couch, laid back and spread legs, I spread my lips with my fingers and rubbed my clit. 

Jan Knelt in front of me, put my legs on her shoulders and her mouth on my clit, she sucked and licked, I was enjoying being the center of attention. My pussy lips were still a little sore, but I was enjoying her tongue, I didn't think I could cum so I pushed her mouth off my pussy. I kissed her shiny face, I smelled my juices on her face, I said, I'm glad you didn't bring any toys. 

I told Jan I had to get back to work, she looked disappointed, pouted but stood up, I asked her to dress me, she grabbed my panties and slid them up my legs. My skirt was next, she didn't hesitate, I put my tube top on then my blouse. We walked to the car, Jan open my door, I got in the car, she drove me to work. I knew Jan was horny, I asked Jan when she wanted to meet Jerrod. She looked at me, I told her if she didn't want to be there I would tape it for her, she laughed and said any day would be fine. 

I sent Jerrod a text, I said I had a friend that wanted to watch us fuck, he texted back, he has saved a big load of cum for me. I said tomorrow morning, he texted back, he'll be waiting.

Jan met me in front of Jerrod's, Jerrod walked up and kissed me, held the door open for us, we walked up the steps into his apartment, I stripped on the way to the couch. Jerrod watched me, pulled down his shorts and sat on the couch, I knelt between his legs and held his soft cock with both hands. I bent my head and licked the big tip, I put my tongue in the slit, and sucked the whole head into my mouth, I wanted to give Jan a show. I moaned on the black cock in my mouth, I bobbed my head and it started pushing into my throat, I let my throat adjust and pushed it farther. Jerrod was getting hard, I sucked and stroked it until it was hard, my throat was stretching, Jerrod's hand was on the back of my head, he started fucking up and pushing my head down, this was a throat fuck.

I didn't want a load in my throat, I started pulling my mouth off his cock, Jerrod shoved his dick in my throat and then let me pull his cock out of my throat. I stood up and looked at Jan, did you like that, Jan had a huge smile on. I straddled Jerrod, the big plum was against my pussy lips, Jerrod's hands went around my waste, he pumped his hips and the head pushed past my cunt lips. I grunted, this was a big dick, it was splitting me, I asked Jerrod to take it easy. Jan stepped behind me, reached around and cupped both my breast, she squeezed and massaged them. 

Jerrod must have been horny, he fucked into me, it felt like he was pulling my insides out I couldn't take anymore, I asked Jerrod to stop for a minute, I said my cunt was too full. I lifted off of him, I was going to finish him with my mouth, but Jan had stripped and took my place. 

She squatted over his cock and guided the big plum to her pussy, she sank down and I heard her grunt. Jan took the head and about three inches of cock, she stayed still letting her pussy adjust but Jerrod started pumping into her, he was pulling her down onto his cock, he was fucking her, she was enjoying her first black cock. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him, she bounced on his cock and had about half of him in her, she was wiggling her hips trying to adjust to his thick cock.

Jan started to cum, Jerrod was fucking into her, and she was having her first orgasm by a man, a man with a big black cock. Jan finished her orgasm and started to lift off the big cock, Jerrod held her firm and kept fucking her, Jan was grunting and moaning. I got off the couch and knelt between Jerrod's legs, his cock was slick from Jan's juices, it was erotic seeing the black cock disappear in Jan. I wrapped my hands around the base and started stroking I wanted to Jerrod to cum in Jan but I wasn't sure Jan was able to take the pounding. My hand slipping on the black cock and hitting Jan's pussy lips, Jerrod fucked her harder and faster. Jan's moans told me she was ready to cum again, I felt the cock throb, in a second I felt his cum spurt up his cock and into Jan. I couldn't believe I was watching Jerrod's cock spurting into Jan. 

Jan went limp, the black cock was shrinking in my hand, and Jan's pussy was taking more of the soft black cock. Jan had enough and lifted off of Jerrod, I glob of cum ran out of Jan and down the black cock. I slid my hand up to the big head and put it in my mouth, it was a mess but I sucked the cum and cock into my mouth. The softening cock slid into my mouth and throat, my lips were covered with cum, Jan's and Jerrod's. I sucked the cock into my throat and jammed the head deep into my throat, Jan was laying back on the couch, I could see her pussy and the cum leaking out. Jerrod put both of his hands on my head and started pumping into my mouth, he was always ready to fuck something, mouth ass or pussy. 

I was the only one that was still hadn't cum, as soon as Jerrod was half hard I pulled my head off his cock, my lips made a slurping sound. I straddled Jerrod and guided him to my lips, that half hard dick was going to make me cum, I took about a third of him, I wanted to be fucked. I asked Jerrod to put me on my back and fuck me, he stood up still in me and laid me on the couch. 

I put my hands on his chest, please take it easy I told Jerrod, he smiled and started fucking me. He was half in me, he pushed my legs up so he had a better angle and fucked into me, I wanted his dick and started to pump my hips to meet his strokes, I was grunting with each stroke, fuck me Jerrod I moaned, I loved being on my back having a cock sliding into me.

I started to cum, Jerrod was just getting started, he was almost all the way in, hard long stokes, I squeezed the big cock with my pussy, I came it was a great one. Jerrod kept fucking me, I loved being used, fuck me I moaned, I started to cum again. My legs were over Jerrod's shoulders, he was bending me like a pretzel, this was a hard fuck and I was enjoying it. My pussy was really tight, every time Jerrod pulled out I could feel my insides being pulled out of me. He started to cum, I felt him hit bottom, it hurt but hurt good, I felt another big load shoot in me. I wrapped my arms around him, he ground his pelvic bone against mine, I went limp, Jerrod pulled out of me, I looked down to see a limp, wet dick pull out of me, I gave it a last squeeze with my pussy. Jan reached out and grabbed the black dick, she stroked it and it started growing again. 

Suck it I told Jan, she smiled and bent towards Jerrod's crotch, it was wet and nasty, she opened her mouth and sucked the head. I was done, I didn't want any more fucking, but I did watch Jan, she played with Jerrod and sucked the head but I think he was done. Jan looked at my crotch and I told her no.

I stood up and cum started running out of me, I cupped my crotch, I was a mess. I cleaned up, dressed and Jan did the same. I thanked Jerrod, I said I wasn't sure if I like sharing him, Jerrod grabbed his cock and said I have enough for everyone, he was right.