 I am 45 year old. I have been married to my college sweetheart for 20 years, have 3 kids and work full time. I am your typical middle aged woman approaching menopause. Well with one exception. I think about sex all of the time. Not, just sex, but kinky sex. I am open to all ideas and am willing to try anything once. I had never cheated on my husband, but I think about it a lot.

I love to suck cock. I have been with my husband for the last 25 years and I go down on him as much as he allows. He isn't into oral sex or sex, in general as much as I am. I would love to suck cock much more than he allows. I love the control I have when I feel his shaft start to get hard, and how he rolls his eyes when I am taking his cock in my throat. I love the control that I have over him when his cock is in my mouth. Several years ago I met Keith. He is about 5 years older than me. He is average build, average height and average looks. I can't figure out why I am so attracted to him. I keep on telling myself he must be releasing a hormone that makes me horny. I felt like at any second that I am around him I am going to suck his cock. Every time I am in his office, I would have to resist the urge to say this out loud and then go down on him.

One day after working for 10 hours. I realized it was only Keith and I in the office. I decide today is the day; I am finally going to approach him. I walk into his office and sneak behind him. I take my silk scarf and wrap it around his wrist and then through the chair. Keith looks at me and says what are you doing? What I have been wanting to do for years now. Having my way with you. What, he said. I am married. I don't care and so am I. I don't want anything back, no strings attached, friends with benefits. While he was pondering this, I tied his other hand down. What do you think you are going to do with me? he asked. Whatever the fuck I want to do with you. Do you trust me? He paused looked me in the eyes and shook his head yes. I leaned over him and slowly unbuttoned his shirt. Chills of excitement ran through my body. For the first time in years, I felt alive, really alive. Already my pussy is starting to get wet with anticipation. My clitoris is throbbing with desire.

I looked at his nipples and ask him if he likes them to be licked and sucked. He said of course, who doesn't. I laughed if only he knew how boring my husband is. I went down on my knees, eagerly looking at his nips. Before I leaned in to suck them, I take a look at his package. I have been checking that package out for years and wondering what it is like. He asked me what are you thinking, I say you will soon find out. I focused my attention back to his chest, it is perfect. Just enough hair to be manly, but not so much to be a turn off. I lean in and place my mouth around his nipple. I lick and flick my tongue on his pink nipple. My hand reaches to roll his other nipple in between my thumb and finger. I squeezed it just a little. He sighs giving in to my control. I switched nipples and then said to him barely in a whisper, Can I bite them, please? He says do I really have a choice? I told him yes, I will honor what you request. He said whatever you want mistress you can do. I think, mistress why is he calling me mistress? I have thought about domination, masochism and sadism for years. My husband would never allow that. Enough thinking about your husband as I continue on. 

I bite his right nipple while caressing the left one with my hands. He lets out a primal growl. I say to him let the pain turn into pleasure. He looks at me and says I will try. I continued to gently bite down on his nipples, switching from one to the other. He continues to moan in what I think is pain. He looked at me and said I get it now, you are right the pain does turn into pleasure. I just smile at him and continue to play with his beautiful chest. As I reached down to caress his cock, he looks at me and says I am afraid I am going to disappoint you. I think to myself, really, men have the same self-doubt issues as women. I laugh out loud and said you could never.

I caress his cock on the outside of his pants. He moans and looked at me. I can't do this, I can't cheat on Lisa. I made a commitment to her. I look at him and whisper does she satisfy you sexually? Does she like to suck your cock until you cum? He looks down and says no. Then you aren't cheating on her. If she was satisfying you sexually, you would have never let me get this far. Look we both have needs and we both aren't getting them met by our spouses. We are friends, I trust you and you trust me. Now do you trust me enough to let me continue on? He looked almost sad and said I guess. 

I get up from bending over him. I walk over and sit in my favorite chair in his office. I say why don't you take the time to think about it while I wait. I reach slowly into my bra and bring my massive DD breast out its bra cup. I lift my nipple to my mouth and suck on it. I am so horny all I want to do is make us both cum. He watches me with anticipation. I remove my pants and underwear; I turn towards him so he can have a view of what is next. I reach down and stroke my clit. I am so wet and turned on; I could have cum at that touch. But I won't allow myself to just yet. I look at him and said I am going to make your chair wet. He just chuckled and told me to continue on. I rubbed my clit some more and then entered a finger into my pussy. Oh the feel of myself all wet and ready to be entered. I let out a moan at about the same time he did. I continued to finger fuck myself until I almost cum. I force myself to stop. Keith is breathing hard and not concerned with Lisa anymore. I asked him if he has decided. You are right, we both have needs. I am okay with friends with benefits. I look at him and started to suck my juices off of my fingers and say are you sure? He shakes his head yes. I ask him if he would like a taste of what am tasting. He shakes his head yes again. Ask me, I told him. Ask you what. Ask me to taste me, ask me to finger fuck myself again so I can get the sensual taste of eager pussy on my fingers for you. He looks at me and says would you finger fuck yourself again? I smile and say no, you didn't ask nicely. Please mistress, Keith says, please finger fuck yourself so I can taste your juices. I grin at him and say as you wish. I sigh with excitement and start to finger myself again. When I had gathered my juices, I walk over to him and asked him if he wants a taste. He shakes his head yes and I slowly start to finger fuck his mouth. I lean over and began to kiss him at the same time. How I love the taste of his mouth with my juices on them.

I slowly make my way with my lips back down his chest and then to his cock. I ask him do you want me to unzip your pants. Please mistress, please. I slowly unzip him. After I did that, I reach to my bag of goodies. What are you doing? he says. I am cleaning you master. I gently lift his cock and balls out of his underwear. I then take my wipe and begin to gently clean him as he moans in pleasure. I looked at him and said I am not disappointed, you are what I expected. His cock is about 6 inches long and nice and thick. As I clean it, he is hard in my hand. I then lift his balls and clean around them. I also pay attention to his anus as I have plans for it as well.

I complete my cleaning and reach into my bag again. He just stared at me and said what all do you have in there. I smiled and said you will find out in due time. I grabbed my lubricant. One of my favorites, it is bubble gum flavor and it tastes really good. I squeeze it into my hands and gently rub his shaft. Keith shuts his eyes and concentrates on what I am doing. I placed his head into my mouth and run my tongue around his edge. He moans, and I ask him do you like? He said yes, Lisa never acts like she likes it. I look at him and say it isn't an act. I love sucking cock especially yours. I continue to lick his head and rub his shaft. What a turn on, I am so horny watching him get off. I start to rock as I am sucking. I take his entire shaft into my throat. I love to feel the gag reflex begin. I take a deep breath through my nose and fight the urge, shoving his cock further into my throat. I begin to hum as I continue to rock. I switch my position so I am sprawling his leg, like a dog fucking and I start to hump while he continues to enjoy his dick being sucked.

I reach up and start to play with his balls. He moans in ecstasy. I remove my mouth from his dick and start to suck on them. Oh I love this. I continue to rub his shaft and I cup my hand around his head and embrace it so it feels like he is fucking a virgin's pussy. I am so close to cumming as I continue to fuck his leg while softly sucking on his balls. I won't allow either of us to come yet.

I stop sucking his balls and ask him if he close. He shakes his head yes. I put his head back in my mouth and continue to rub my tongue around his head. He moans. I tell him lean back into your chair and scoot down a little. He looks at my curiously. I look at him and say I hope you don't mind that I am humping your leg while I am getting you off. He smiles and says of course not. I smile and I say I hope you don't mind what I am going to do next.

I put more lubricant on my hands. I continue rubbing his shaft and fist fucking his head. I lean into him again and start to lick his balls. Oh, I can't handle this. I need to cum. I tell myself to hold on. It can wait... I then start to lick around his asshole. He looks at me again with that look on his face. I say what you don't like it. He said you don't have to rim me. I ask again, Keith don't you like it? I do like it, but you don't have to he says. I told you I want to. There are woman out there who enjoy this, I am one of them. If I didn't want to do it, I wouldn't. I then go back to licking his asshole. I lubricate it with my tongue. I then take my finger and slowly enter his anus. I am so excited. My husband would never let me touch his asshole. I know how much I would enjoy it and I am eager to please Keith.

I slowly finger fuck his ass and I turn my mouth back to his dick. I then realize that Keith has untied his one arm. He takes my hair and starts to shove my head onto his dick even more. I am so consumed with Keith's dick and balls that I almost can't breathe. The urge to cum is beginning to be too hard to fight off. I continue to suck and finger fuck his ass as I gyrate on his leg. I can feel him stiffen up just as I am about to climax. He is moving my head and then he says I am about to cum you can stop sucking. I think, are you kidding me, I am cumming at the same time you are and you want me to stop sucking. I continue on caressing, licking, sucking, and finger fucking his ass as I hump his leg. I can feel it, I am almost there. He is almost there. His breathing has intensified, oh lord I am cumming just as he starts to stiffen to achieve orgasm. I can feel his cum in my mouth as he moans in pleasure. I have just had the best orgasm I have had in 10 years. He is still cumming as I lick and suck and swallow his glorious explosion. Oh how I love the control of giving head. I love the power to make him cum. He has finished and lays there panting. 

I look up at him and smile. Was it good? Good that is the best blow job I have ever had. I look at him and laugh and said next time will be even better now that I know what you like. Next time he says? Yes, next time. Friends with benefits, ok. I say and grin. He grins back and says friends with benefits I like that. I think to myself, wait until the next time Keith. I still have toys you have never seen and a pussy that you have never fucked. Friends!!