 I'm a single man, 35, with my own, successful business. Not being the ‘marrying kind', as they say, I live by myself. For the past several years I have employed the services of a housekeeper. Maria is a lovely, hardworking woman who has done wonderful work for me. She came here from Brazil seeking a better life for herself and her daughter after her husband was murdered. Twice a week for the last eight years Maria has cleaned my home as well as helping me prepare for parties and other special occasions. We have become very close, almost like family. I look forward to seeing her every week.

One day I came home expecting to find her finishing up. When I entered the kitchen I saw instead a beautiful Brazilian girl in tight low rider jeans and a belly shirt. When she turned to face me I almost melted. Jet black hair framed a beautiful face. Warm brown eyes regarded me and a smile curved her full lips. I was surprised to see she was fully made up and wearing jewelry. Not what I'd expect to see on a housekeeper.

"Mr. Johnson." She said in slightly accented English. "Do you remember me? Sophia?"

Of course. Sophia is Maria's daughter. I hadn't seen her in several years, not since she was a twelve-year-old tomboy. She had certainly outgrown that phase.

"My mother is sick and could not work today but she insisted that I come take good care of you." As she spoke Sophia stepped closer to me and took my hands. I was looking down at the tops of her perfect, tanned, nineteen year-old breasts. "You have been so good to us. She did not want to disappoint you." Sophia lingered on the word "disappoint" and her gaze traveled down to my crotch, which was beginning to stir.

"Okay, great." I stammered. "I'll just get out of your way then."

Sophia turned and bent over her bucket, giving me a perfect view of her tight, young ass. She stood up and looked coyly over her shoulder at me. I felt flush.

"Uh… I'm gonna go take a shower." I managed to stutter and then I clumsily left the room. She wasn't really coming on to me was she?

I undressed and got into the shower. I couldn't get the vision of her out of my mind. Her seductive brown eyes, her full, sensuous lips. I was sporting a major boner just thinking about her. I shut off the water and stepped out of the shower realizing that I had forgotten to bring a towel with me. The girl had me rattled, alright.

I stepped naked and dripping wet back into my bedroom. Sophia was standing there with a pile of freshly laundered towels in her arms. If she was shocked at seeing me naked, she didn't show it.

"I thought you might need these." she said. Taking a towel she stepped forward and proceeded to towel me off. My erection returned in full force.

"You have always treated my mother and me so well. Many times Mama said she would not know what to do without you." The towel worked lower. 

"Mama says she wishes she could repay your kindness and generosity, but she does not know how." Sophia knelt in front of me, toweling off my legs. My engorged penis was right on eye level to her.

"I think I know a way." Sophia dropped the towel and slowly engulfed my cock between her lips. Softly and lovingly she sucked me, running her tongue along my shaft and massaging my balls with her gentle fingers. Her pace quickened as she fucked me with her mouth and I was going to come. I had never received such a wonderful blowjob in my life.

Sophia stopped when she felt I was close to my orgasm. She stood up and kissed me hard before laying me back on my bed. She stepped back and her body began swaying as though she were listening to music only she could hear. She threw back her head and ran her hands down her body. Unsnapping her jeans Sophia turned her back to me as she slid out of the skin-tight denim. Stepping out of her pants she continued to dance, gyrating her smooth, young ass just out of my reach. She turned dramatically and grasped the edge of her top and slowly pulled it over her head. She continued dancing before me, clad only in her satin bra and panties. Stepping closer she reached out and touched my chest, tracing her fingers down my body. I moaned when her fingertips brushed my quivering cock.

Sophia reached up and undid the clasp to her bra. With a shrug she discarded the garment and revealed her tits to me. They were large and firm, perfect in a way that only a young woman's breasts can be. Sophia's nipples were brown and puffy and fully erect. I couldn't wait to taste them. 

"Do you think I am pretty?" she asked teasingly. 

"I think you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen." I replied, my voice choked with lust.

She stepped closer and I pulled her to me. I kissed her hard and long. Our tongues clashed and wrestled. I kissed her lips her face her throat. Sophia was moaning without restraint. My hands explored every centimeter of her exquisite body. I kneaded the flesh of her perfect ass while I devoured her tits. I sucked her nipples to rigid peaks before kissing my way down her taut belly. I teased her bellybutton with my tongue as I began to finger her wet cunt through her panties. She writhed against my exploring fingers, gasping and moaning. Finally I slid off her satin panties and buried my face in her shaved pussy.

Despite my raging lust I managed to slow the pace a bit. I slowly and softly caressed her slit with my tongue. I teased her pussy and her sex opened to me like an orchid. Sophia cooed and moaned in Portuguese, undulating her hips against my face, trying to force my tongue against her clit. I penetrated her with my finger, seeking her g-spot. When I got the reaction I was looking for I began circling her clit with my tongue. She arched her back and began to tremble. Soon the combined stimulation of her clitoris and g-spot was too much and she climaxed, bucking and moaning in her pleasure.

Sophia and I cuddled and kissed, her small hand stroking my cock. Finally she straddled my hips and lined the head of my penis up with her pussy. She rubbed it along her wet slit, eliciting a groan from me. Despite her wetness it was hard penetrating her cunt. I'm not that big, Sophia is just that tight! Little by little she worked my shaft into herself until she was fully impaled by my hardness. She leaned over and kissed me as she started to gyrate her hips. Her sweet pussy was molded to my cock. I have never felt that with any other woman.

"You feel so big inside me." she sighed. I squeezed her tits as she rocked on my dick, rotating her hips as she did when she was dancing. Her inner muscles teased and caressed me, stoking the fire of my passion. I held her soft, round ass cheeks as I thrust up into her body. I rubbed some of her love juice on her asshole and penetrated her up to the first knuckle. Sophia gasped in surprise and wiggled her ass back against my searching finger.

She kissed me hard and moaned into my mouth as I probed her two holes. Her movements became more insistent as she approached another climax. Her moans became more desperate as her hips thrust more urgently. I pumped my finger in her asshole in time to our motions, pushing deeper each time. Fastening my lips on a nipple, I sucked hard as the first spasms of ecstasy overtook my teen-aged lover. Sophia convulsed spastically while her cunt squeezed my thrusting cock. Her juices were running freely, soaking us both as well as the bed.

Sophia squealed in surprise when I flipped her over onto her stomach. Pulling her up to her knees I re-entered her from behind, pounding her pussy hard. I don't have the words to adequately describe how beautiful I found her at that moment, crouched before me with her perfect ass spread out for my pleasure. Sophia humped back against me, seemingly excited by the submissive position she suddenly found herself in. I was not gentle as I rammed her fuckhole. With every stroke her smooth butt-cheeks jiggled, briefly revealing her puckered anus, slick with her pussy juice.

Impetuously I pulled out of her pussy and buried my face between her perfect cheeks. I made love to her behind, lavishing kisses on the globes of her ass and licking her hairless ass crack. Sophia squirmed and tried to wriggle away from me but I had a firm grip on her hips. She moaned and gave in to my attentions when I began to tongue her asshole. I fucked her butthole with my tongue, worming deeper into her bowels, and she cried out in pleasure. I took hold of her clit and frigged her to another orgasm.

"Put it in my ass, baby!" she cried. "Fuck my asshole! I have to feel you in my ass!" There was a note of desperation in her voice. She had a powerful desire and only my sodomizing her could quell her lust.

I can't say I was gentle when I entered her butt. I spread her cheeks wide and placed the head of my penis against her welcoming hole. Trusting that her copious love juices would lubricate the way I pushed into her body. Sophia let out a low, keening wail as my cock slid deeper into her ass. There was pain as well as pleasure in that sound and it fired my lust to greater heights. I fucked her ass relentlessly, reveling in each yelp and cry she made.

"Fuck my ass. Oh, fuck my ass." she moaned over and over. There were tears in her eyes and her voice cracked as I took my pleasure from her body. At last I rammed my shaft deep into her and emptied myself into her tight back hole. My orgasm was surprisingly intense and when it was finished I slumped onto the bed, spent.

My cock slipped out of Sophia's asshole and my cum ran down her thigh. She lay next to me trembling. She looked at me, frightened by the intensity of what we had just done. Without another word Sophia grabbed her clothes and ran naked from my bedroom. A moment later I heard the front door open and close as she fled my home. From my bedroom window I saw her run down the street barefoot and disheveled, her clothing hastily pulled on. I didn't know whether or not to chase after her. In the end I did nothing.

Much to my surprise I didn't receive any outraged phone calls from her mother, nor did I have any visits from the police. I hoped that she was all right and not traumatized by our encounter. On top of that I was going to have to find a new housekeeper.

Two days later I returned home and was surprised to find Maria's car parked in my driveway. Nervously I entered my home. "Maria?" I called out. My house had been cleaned, even better than usual and I could smell something cooking in the kitchen. I looked up and saw Sophia's slim form framed in the doorway. Her eyes were downcast as she slowly walked toward me.

"I am sorry about the other day." she said shyly. "I behaved badly. You scared me. Nobody ever made me feel like… that… before."

"You have nothing to apologize for. The fault was mine. I promise it won't happen again." I said.

"You only have to promise me one thing." Sophia said, looking deep into my eyes. "Promise me you will fuck me like that again before I leave here tonight."

God. The things you have to do to keep the help happy.