 You have broken down and are on a quiet country lane. 

I am driving my car along the same road and notice you, a beautiful, well dressed woman, late 20's, standing by the roadside looking distressed. I pull up just past you and stop. You hesitate for a second but then approach my car. 

"Good afternoon madam....." I start, but stopping me dead in my tracks you snap: 

"Nothing fucking good about it, my damn car has just been into the garage and is it fixed?, like fuck it is". 

I stare at you, white faced and completely shocked at your outburst. 

Realising straight away how abrupt you'd been, you immediately apologise with a little embarressment. 

"Oh my god, I am so sorry, I've just had such a long drive coming from a really important presentation which left my nerves in tatters and now this! You've come along to help and I've bitten your head off, I'm so very sorry. If I may be so bold"...........you wait for me to speak my name but I'm mesmorised by your sweet voice and beautiful face. Eventually I chirp out: "Dave, my name's Dave". 

"Dave, may we pretend the last two minutes never happened and start again?" 

"Well, I'll be dammed if I'm driving back down this road again, but the fact I've met you is an experience I can relive quite happily!" 

I chuckle, hoping to lift your mood.

"Thankyou Dave, ok, so where do we go from here"? 

You ask in a much more cheerful manner. 

Well, I suppose we'd better call the recovery people.

"Oh to hell with them, I've had enough of mechanics to last me years. Leave the damn thing here, hopefully something nasty will happen to it, it's only the company's own car so I don't care".

"Well hop in then" I smile at you as you make you way around to the passenger side and climb in. I take a mental note of every detail because it's worth remembering.

You are wearing a long black skirt with a split up the side that travels all the way up to the top of your thigh (as do my eyes), which shows your smooth, silky legs. You have a thin, white shirt on with the top two buttons undone, showing your ample cleavage and your sexy black lace bra. As you climb into the car, your skirt rides up and I get a glimpse of your silky black panties. I gasp, perhaps a little louder than I realise because you pause for a second before settling into your seat, knowing full well I am gazing at your exposed sexyness.

As I drive our route takes us deep into the heart of the English countryside which looks beautiful on this warm, summers day. 

Further into our journey, the conversation flowing nicely, you say how lucky it was I was passing. You have noticed I keep looking at you out of the corner of my eye. Staring at the flesh exposed by the split up your skirt and your breasts, gently bouncing as we ride over the bumps in the road. I haven't seen you notice I'm looking at you and you decide to play a teasing game. You undo a further button on your shirt, showing more cleavage, as you do, you utter the words: "My, isn't it hot today" I look over to you, immediately noticing your undone button which brings a stammered "Yes it is…….very hot indeed!" 

Wanting to tease me further, you hitch your skirt up a few inches so the split now exposes right up your thigh and a small section of your panties. I take another look out of the corner of my eye, almost forgetting I am driving, just remembering in time before we head towards a hedge. I take note of my common sense and decide if I'm going to keep ogling your increasingly naked flesh, I'm gonna have to drive much more slowly, so I decrease my speed to a slow 20.

You giggle a bit because you can see the effect you are having on me, my breath getting shorter as I try to control my heart rate. You decide to go further by undoing another button. I now have full sight of the top of your beautiful breasts and your black, lacy bra. 

Trying to keep my mind focused I ask, "So where were you off to dressed all smart and sexy?"

"I'm on my way back from a meeting I had with my boss, I had to try to impress him because I know he's looking to promote someone in my department and I was hoping it would be me" you answer.

"If I was your boss, I'd give you the job" 

I smile at you a cheesy grin.

Changing the subject suddenly you say: 

"I'm so grateful for this, if there is anything I could do to repay you, just say so"

As you look at me, your eyes are diverted to my trousers where you can see the bulge very evident as a sign that I am aroused.

You can see my mind must be going crazy with all the thoughts on your repayment, but I keep my answer low key and just say: 

"Oh it's ok, I'm just glad I could be helpful"

You then dart back to our last conversation 

"Well lets just say you were my boss and you'd just helped me out, what sort of job would you give me to repay you?" You say with a very dirty smile and lustful voice, licking your lips to add to the effect.

You see me look over at you, my lips open like I want to speak, my eyes wandering all over your body, you can see the want in my eyes but I can't bring myself to say what I'm feeling. 

You continue by saying : "I'm sure there is one job that would satisfy you" as you put your hand on my bulge, finding the zip and freeing my throbbing manhood. You lean down and begin sucking on my cock, I gasp with delight and then let out a sigh of relief, glad that you took matters into your own hands.

I continue driving even slower now, but barely able to concentrate on the road at all with your lips stroking my shaft, so I pull into a gateway in the middle of nowhere and turn the engine off. 

You are in full swing, sucking my manhood all the way, then taking it out and teasing the length with your tongue, licking up and down, flicking across the tip before taking it back into your mouth again. I begin to groan loudly, my breath becoming shorter as you continue your oral attack on my hard shaft.

"Mmmmm, yeah, that's it baby, just the way I like it, …..oh god yes!" 

I say in a shaky voice.

You quicken the pace, your head begins to bob up and down much quicker,and sucking harder. 

My moans increase and get louder, you can feel I must be close because I grab hold of your head and hold it there as if to tell you not to stop.

Suddenly you feel my legs shudder and I cry out: 

"Oh fuck yes…….I'm gonna cum….mmmmmmmm…………aaaararrrrhhh"

My sticky love juice shoots into your throat as you continue to gobble my cock, swallowing every last drop until I'm satisfied.

You lift your head up, tidy your hair then lick your lips and ask 

"Was that enough to get me promotion?"

"Hell yes, in fact , as I'm unable to give you a pay rise, I'll have to pay you in another way.

I get out of the car and come round to your side, I open the door and take your hand then I reach for a blanket I have in the back, then lock the car. 

I lead you into some trees and lay the blanket out. I gesture for you to sit on the blanket, which you do, then I lean across and kiss you while sliding my hand up your skirt, along your inner thigh and reaching your panties, which are already wet, I begin stroking your moist pussy through the material. 

We continue to kiss as my fingers massage your pussy through the material, in a circular motion, spreading the juices all over your panties. I slide a finger inside and find your slit. I slide my finger down the length of your pussy lips, pushing its way inside, sliding back up again you meet your clit which I gently massage for a few seconds. You start to moan, you tip your head back and I begin to kiss your neck. Reaching around your back, I unclip your bra, then undo the rest of the buttons on your shirt. I toss both items of clothing to one side and begin kneading your breasts. Taking one in my hand, caressing it, pinching and twisting the nipple making it hard. Your arms can't support you any longer and you lie back. I slide your panties down your legs and off. My hand once again finds your wet, pink folds and begins to massage them carefully. Three fingers spread out, in between your pussy lips, gently rubbing your hot sex, massaging your sweet honey around your pink folds. 

Every now and then, I find your clit, using a softer massage, I caress it, bringing moans of erotic pleasure rippling from your mouth as your head rocks side to side, your clit stiffening to my touch. I begin to suck your hard nipples, amplifying your moans, you can feel your climax getting ever closer. I slowly kiss my way from your breasts, down your stomach to where the nectar is flowing. I lick my way around the outside of your pussy. You part your legs even more, inviting my tongue in. I point my tongue and wiggle it between your pink lips then plunge it into your hole. I push it in as far as it will go and begin to wiggle it up and down driving you wild. You surround my head with your hands then pull my face deeper into your pussy and you then begin to gyrate your hips against my face in an attempt to bring yourself off. Your juices are by now, streaming from your pussy as you prepare for your explosion. 

I concentrate my tongue on your clit, licking it up and down then side to side and eventually sucking it into my mouth where I give it a personal tongue service. You are writhing around, moaning louder and louder as I eat up your soaked pussy. The pitch in your voice changes, I sense you are close to coming. As best as I can, with one hand I undo my trousers, while supporting myself with the other. I push them as far down my legs as I can, my boxer shorts too. As I feel you about to cum, I get up and so the feeling isn't lost, I quickly bring myself above you and while placing a kiss upon your lips, I enter you slowly. As our loins meet, I pull out and then back in, suddenly quickening the pace.

"Rub your clit while I fuck you" I say. So you do. With every thrust your fingers frantically circle your clit. Pumping hard and fast your body begins to quiver as you cry out: "I'm ….ccccumming….mmmmmm…….aaaarrrrh!!!!

Your pussy clenches around my cock, heightening my arousal immensely, bringing me off too. I groan then my hips buck and thrust deep within you, pumping my cum inside, filling you full of my warm juices which is enough to make you cum again.

We both collapse on the ground and lay there, stroking each others bodies for a while.

After a few minutes you say "Come on, you better get me to my hotel, that's if I've repaid my debt enough?"

"More than enough, thank you very much" I reply.

"The pleasure was all mine" You smile and begin getting dressed then we get back to the car and drive off to find your hotel……………………….