 As a professor at an exclusive private college in New England, many of my students are the pampered children of rich parents. The cars they drive are far more expensive than anything I could afford on my modest salary. The young women tend to wear the latest designer clothes. The number of attractive, even sexy, young women enrolled at the college is extraordinary. When the hot weather finally arrives in May, the short skirts they wear to class afford tantalizing glimpses of pantied crotches that make lecturing difficult. Students frequently come to my office for advice or for help with an assignment. These meetings sometimes allow me even better views of my young female students. Occasionally, it seems that a young woman allows her skirt to slide even higher than normal, or spreads her legs just a little farther apart than usual, or allows just one or two extra buttons on her blouse to come undone during these meetings. One young lady even showed up in my office in a sheer white blouse and no bra. A condition that became obvious only when she complained about how hot it was in my office and proceeded to remove her sweater. I couldn't help but smile as I watched her nipples harden under my gaze. Although I never pursued any of these obvious invitations, I believe firmly in looking and enjoying. It was in pursuit of this enjoyment that I began teaching summer classes. I was not disappointed.

I was in a constant state of arousal during summer school. My female students wore even more revealing clothing, miniskirts or baggy shorts that gave me full views of their panties or even their naked pussies. I quickly switched from boxers to tight bikini underwear in order to prevent my erections from tenting the front of my pants. I also switched from baggy pants to jeans. But I was sure that the bulge in my pants was often obvious. One young woman in particular, who sat in the front row of class every day, seemed not to be able to take her eyes off my crotch. Although she tended to dress less provocatively than her peers, one day she came to class in a short skirt that left little to the imagination when she sat down. As class proceeded, she ever so slowly began to spread her knees apart, giving me a perfect view of her naked crotch; a view that confirmed her gorgeous red hair was natural. When, after class one hot Friday afternoon, she asked to meet with me in my office to discuss an upcoming assignment, I was only too happy to agree.

Sandy showed up at my office door promptly at three, as agreed, closing the door behind her as she entered. She wore the same short skirt. But she had changed into a skimpy white halter top, made of thin material that left her nipples clearly visible. As we talked, she crossed and uncrossed her legs slowly, allowing me a long, leisurely view of the red hair covering her pussy. After a few minutes, I began to smell her excitement. As I watched her nipples harden, I felt my cock doing the same. It was not long before the bulge of my cock was as visible through my jeans as her nipples were through her halter. 

Suddenly, Sandy leaned toward me and slid her hand up my thigh and onto the bulge of my cock. She whispered "Professor Black, you seem to be having a problem. Can I help?" She gave my cock a firm squeeze and stroked it through the thin material of my jeans. I was hooked. I couldn't resist. 

"What did you have in mind?" I asked. 

Her voice was husky with arousal as she said "I want to suck your cock!" And before I could answer Sandy slid out of her chair onto her knees and began to unzip my jeans. She quickly unbuckled my belt and opened my pants. I lifted myself slightly, allowing her to tug them down a bit to uncover my growing cock. She pulled my bikini down below my balls, allowing my cock to spring free. 

"Nice!" she sighed, before capturing my cock between her lips and sucking it deep into her mouth and throat. Her right hand grasped it at the base and began to stroke it tightly as she moved her mouth up and down the shaft. The hot wetness of her mouth and the tightness of her throat were heavenly. After a few moments, she let my cock slip out of her mouth and pulled her head back to admire it. 

"God, you're bigger than I expected," she growled. I'm about 9 inches fully erect, and very thick around; a real handful or, better, mouthful. Sandy slowly licked the underside of my cock, from my balls to the tip, and teased the swollen head with soft flicks of her wet tongue. 

"I want you to fuck me," she hissed, and plunged the full length of my cock down her throat. A few more sucks on my cock and she let it loose. She climbed back into her chair and put her left foot up onto the seat, spreading her knees so that her skirt bunched up around her waist and her beautiful pussy was fully exposed to me. "I'm all yours, give it to me," she urged.

Without saying a word, I stood up, let my pants fall to my ankles and liberated my hard cock. It pointed directly at Sandy's face, bouncing up and down slightly along with my heartbeat. Holding on to the arms of her chair, I pushed my hips between her thighs and took aim. We both watched my swollen, purple cock head, glistening with her saliva, slide slowly into her pussy. I thrust in as deeply as I could, pressing my own dark hair against her curly bush of red. 

"Ohhhh, professor!" Sandy moaned with delight, as my cock pressed deep within her in one smooth thrust, eased by her wetness. She gasped as I slowly pulled it out, stretching the pink inner lips of her pussy outward. I smiled at how easy she was making it for me. I made sure to pull upward in order to rub her clit. Her hands clutched at my hips, pulling me back toward her, and I was happy to oblige. But I kept the pace slow for a while, trying hard to apply as much friction to her clit as I could. I was rewarded for my efforts by a constant stream of appreciative comments and urgings, which I had to muffle with a deep kiss to keep Sandy's passion from being heard through the door or thin walls of my office. She produced a flood of juices, lubrication that made it easy to keep thrusting into her at an increasing rate.

I felt my own passion rising. I withdrew from her and got down on my knees so that I could bury my face in her pussy. The aroma of her arousal was pure excitement. The taste of her was delicious, better than any I had ever eaten. 

"Yes, yes, yes! Right there!" Sandy loved being eaten, but it made her want even more badly to be fucked. "Give me your cock!" she demanded.

I stood up, threw her legs up on my shoulders, and began to thrust into her in earnest. I was happy to provide the hard fucking, free of any emotional entanglements, this horny little coed was looking for. Occasionally, I took my cock entirely out of her for a moment in order to tease her. Once, the engorged head of my cock bounced against her rear passage, wet with the juices that were pouring out of her pussy. For a moment I toyed with the idea of doing her anally, but decided to save that delight for the future. With one hard thrust I buried myself deep in her pussy and began to pump hard, fast, and deep. The rhythmic pressure on her clit drove Sandy over the edge, and she tensed up and clamped herself around me just as I let loose with what felt like a flood of cum. I covered her mouth with mine, and pushed my tongue deep into her to stifle her groans of pleasure. When we had both recovered a bit, I pulled out of her and stepped back. 

My cock was still partially erect, and wet with Sandy's juices and my own cum. Sandy's legs were splayed over the arms of her chair, her pussy still swollen with arousal and oozing a combination of her fluids and mine. I couldn't resist burying my face in it once again and licking her clean. I made a point of licking the juices that had run down over her ass, and tickling her rear hole, pressing my tongue against the ring of muscle that surrounded what I just knew had to be a still-virginal hole. If all went well, however, it would not be virginal much longer.

"Jeez, that was better than anything I have ever had," Sandy gasped. "So big! And so hard! You're amazing," she grinned, still breathless from her orgasm. She leaned forward to lick my cock clean. I started getting hard again. "Wow, are you ready for more already?" she asked in surprise.

"No," I lied. I couldn't take the chance of prolonging our encounter. Office sex was just too dangerous. I pulled away from her and quickly dressed. She did the same, except for her panties. I used them to wipe her off, and to dry my cock, then folded them neatly into the top drawer of my desk. Sandy smiled as she watched me close the drawer, but didn't say a word.

As she readied herself to leave, Sandy put an arm around my neck, kissed me deeply, and declared "I'm gonna want lots more of that, you know!"

"Don't worry, there's plenty more available, if you play your cards right," I teased her. My left hand was on the doorknob, ready to let her out of the office, but my right hand was under her short skirt, massaging her bare ass, one finger tracing circles around her puckered star. Next time she wanted to use me like a dildo, I was going to test whether she could remain so cool while I was pounding her back door.

As Sandy left the office, another young lady from the same class was waiting outside my door. Anne looked at Sandy and gave her a brief smile. She looked at me and gave me a full grin. As she sat down in my office, I turned to open the window. 

"It's a little stuffy in here," I mumbled.

"Smells great to me," Anne said with a smile. She closed her eyes and inhaled deeply. "I love the way it smells in here," she said. Staring straight into my eyes, she slowly crossed her legs, letting her short skirt ride up high on her thighs.