 Sylvia was touching up her red lipstick in the bathroom when the doorbell rang. When she opened it Paul was standing there with a large bunch of flowers.

"Are you ready?" he asked.

"Yes, let's go." Was her reply.

As they were sitting in the car on the way to the drive in, she started thinking of all the other dates they'd had together. On previous occasions Paul had hinted that he wanted to have sex with Sylvia but she never let him have the chance to, because she wanted to make sure she didn't come across as too easy. She'd done that before and felt belittled and confused after it didn't work out with previous partners. But after a few months of dating Paul she thought to herself - tonight's the night, and she smiled to herself. She wondered whether she could go through with having sex in a car in front of so many other people, but she figured that was part of the excitement of it all. People would probably be watching the movie anyway.

They paid for their tickets to the double feature and found a car park away from all the rest of the others and tuned in their radio. Paul adjusted the volume so it was low and he could talk to Sylvia before the movie started.

"You look really nice tonight." he started saying. Before he knew what was happening Sylvia turned and kissed him passionately, probing her tongue inside his mouth. He bumped his leg on the gear stick and they both started giggling. She felt like a school girl going to the drive in with her first boyfriend.

The big screen lit up and the previews started. They turned the volume up and started watching the movie.

About half way though the movie Sylvia looked over at Paul. He'd started fidgeting and playing around with the buttons on the steering wheel of the car.

"It's a little lame isn't it?" Sylvia asked.

"Yeah, it's not very realistic and the special effects aren't all that special."

"Well, maybe we could find something else to do while we're waiting for it to finish then?" Sylvia slid across in her seat and started unbuttoning Paul's shirt. She had a cheeky look in her eyes as she started running her fingers through the hair on his chest.

"If you think you're ready?" Paul suggested.

"Oh yeah!" came the reply.

They locked lips again and started gently exploring each other's mouths with their tongues. Paul slipped his hand into Sylvia's top and, noticing that she wasn't wearing a bra, started caressing her breast. It was so soft and smooth. He could feel her nipple hardening under his touch. This made him excited and his penis stirred inside his pants.

Sylvia unzipped Paul's jeans and slid her hand into his underwear. She felt his hard penis growing under her touch. She bent over and took it into her mouth. She moved her lips up and down over it until she could feel him tense up his entire body with excitement. "Let's move into the back seat where there's more room." Paul suggested. So Sylvia started sliding her body between the two front seats and before she knew what was happening, Paul grabbed her by the hips, lifted her skirt and pulled her knickers down to reveal her neatly shaved pussy. He started licking it up and down slowly and probed his tongue between her lips while she was still straddled between the front and back seats. She became wet quickly when she felt his tongue flicking over her clit and she started moaning with pleasure. "I want to see your face while you lick me." she said and managed to convince him to move into the back seat with her. 

She sat on the back seat with her legs open wide and Paul's face between her legs. She bent her knees and put her feet up on the back seat. As Paul sat on the floor of the car with his face buried deep in Sylvia's pussy, there came a voice from the speaker of the radio. "Oh yes! Richard, right there." Sylvia smiled as she realised that there was a sex scene going on in the movie they were supposed to be watching.

Paul inserted one of his fingers into Sylvia's wet pussy as his tongue roamed around the perimeter of her clit. He was enjoying the taste of her when she started thrusting against his finger, lifting her hips up off the seat. He inserted another finger inside her and placed his thumb against her clit and started circling it with his thumb while the palm of his hand pressed against her mound. Sylvia started moaning and thrusting against Paul's hand harder and faster. She felt the pressure rising inside her and exploded into an orgasm at the exact same time as the couple on the screen did. She looked down at Paul and saw the excitement in his eyes as he watched her come. He slid his body up onto the seat and laid her down underneath him. He lifted up her top and took one of her nipples inside his mouth. It stood to attention inside his lips and he caressed both of her breasts with his hands. He pulled his jeans down so they were around his knees and guided his penis inside her. While he was kissing her lips and neck, he thrusted slowly until he heard her breath quicken again and felt her body writhe underneath him. He quickened his pace and slid in and out of her wet pussy until he was sure she would come at the same time as he did and then exploded inside of her.

The pair of them just laid there together for a second or two, enjoying the sensation of coming together when Sylvia let out a little giggle. "What's wrong?" asked Paul, looking up at her.

"Look what we've done to the windows." said Sylvia. Paul looked up and noticed that every window in the car was all fogged up. He smiled, wondering what the occupants of the other cars would think.

"Does sex also make you hungry?" asked Sylvia with a questioning look.

"You bet." Came the reply. "Feel like getting some popcorn before the next movie starts?"

"Yes, definitely." Sylvia said as they fumbled to get their clothes back on again.

They headed over to the canteen and stood in line waiting to be served.

"Did you see that car over in the corner with all the windows fogged up?" Paul and Sylvia heard the guy in front of them saying to his mate.

"Yeah. Someone's getting lucky tonight." Laughed his mate. They both smiled and moved up in the line.

"Yep. I sure feel lucky tonight." Paul said as he wrapped his arm around Sylvia's waist and gave her a kiss on the cheek.