 I sat at my desk, turned on my computer, and looked at my schedule, nothing really pressing, I was a writer, photographer and illustrator, being able to take my own photos was a huge advantage, most writers had to bring a photographer with them when they covered a story, I usually went out alone. 

My latest story was high school sports, the cost and advantages, and whether we should have a minimum grade to participate. Today I was interviewing a couple of coaches and then a few teachers that taught athletes. I called Jon, told him about my story and I would be late and I would be going to a couple of high schools for interviews. The first school was in a very influential, white neighborhood, I signed in, the coach was called down and we walked back to the gym. His small office smelled like a jock strap, he looked like a teacher, not a jock, a couple of kids said, "Hi coach", he nodded at the kids and said hi, they were tall, black kids. I didn't notice until he showed me a picture of the team, fourteen kids, two white the rest black. 

I asked him if he had any disciplinary issues, he said never, the team grades are monitored pretty closely, and he talks to their teachers and nips any issues with the students very early. He said he had a practice and brought me along. I'm about 5' 1", 110 lbs., and looked like a 9th grader, I stood very close to the coach, I felt a little worried about the balls flying around me, and the possibility of these big kids knocking me down. I shot a few pictures and moved on to the next school, the rest of the day was about the same, a couple of schools, and a few pictures. I never thought high school students were so big, and mature.

I made it back to the office unloaded my pictures, dropped off my notes and call Jon, he was out with people from work, I told him I was going to start my story and come home. I sat at my desk, outlined my story, and thought of my sore crotch, I couldn't even think about having sex, I was having trouble walking. I was sitting at my desk, thinking about what those two black cocks did to me, they used all my holes, filled me with cum, made me sore and made me smile. Best fuck of my life, I doubt anything could top it, but I am willing to try, maybe after I can walk without pain. 

I looked at my phone and remembered that I took a couple of pictures of the guys, when I brought up the pictures and saw how long and thick those black cocks are, I wondered how I did it. I know that I didn't have all of Jerrod in me when he was hard, but even limp I shuddered at the thought of having both of them in me. I kept flipping thru the pictures, I pictured Jerrod's big plumb in my mouth, I was getting horny. I called Jerrod, he was getting ready to go to work, I asked him if he had time for an oral day, and nothing more, he laughed and said of course. 

I was at his door in fifteen minutes, he had part of a uniform on, just the top half. I walked in, sat on the couch, pulled down my skirt and panties, spread my legs open and asked him to be very gentle. He knelt in front of me, lifted my knees back towards my head, stuck out his tongue and went right to my hole, he licked up, parting my lips and flicked at my clitoris, he then flattened his big tongue against my slit and rubbed it up and down. I pulled on the back of his head, I and rubbed my pussy against the big tongue, I have never have an orgasm with just oral stimulation, but today might be different, I was aroused from the sore lips and thinking about the sex, and Jerrod's tongue was huge, covering my lips, clit and sliding into my pussy, it wasn't long, I was moving against his tongue, he was pulling my legs farther apart and his tongue kept slipping into me. 

I started to cum but he slowed down, I said keep going and he slid his tongue in me, I started to rub my clit, with one hand and pulled his head closer with the other, he stopped again, I said keep going, he licked my clit and put a finger in me, it hurt, but I let him continue, I was rubbing against his tongue, he put another finger in me, that hurt too but I didn't stop him, I wanted that tongue. He stopped again, I grabbed his head with both hands, he looked up and smiled, do you want my black cock he said, I said no, just your tongue, he went back to licking and fingering me, I started to cum again, he slowed down, don't stop I said and he put another finger in me, his fingers were as deep as they could go, he started tonguing me again and I came, it was very nice. 

I relaxed my grip on his head, he pushed my knees farther back, this gave him access to my asshole, his tongue went right to it, he pushed the tip in and started swirling it, This was another hole they used and made sore, but his tongue felt good, I couldn't reach his head with my hands, so I locked one ankle behind his head and pulled his tongue deeper into my ass. I started fingering my clit, and had another orgasm. This was a new experience, his huge tongue felt like a soft penis, and he went really deep. 

I relaxed my legs, he let them down, I did not know what to do next, my holes were too sore to fuck and my mouth was too small to take his cock, he sat on the couch, the big black cock sticking straight up. I said my holes are too sore, I will try my mouth, he smiled, I knelt on the couch, bent over and put the plumb in my mouth, I had a good angle and I got it back in my throat, I was pushing him into my throat, pumping the base with both hands, his hand was on the back of my head, and he was fucking my throat. 

My eyes were watering, I was gagging, but I couldn't give up, Jerrod had given me all he had and I wanted to return the favor. Jerrod's hand was no longer on the back of my head, it was moving down my back to my crotch, I widened my legs and he had a finger in my crack, it pushed into my sore ass. 

I kept bobbing my head sucking, and tonguing the head of his cock, both my hands were pumping him. One finger slid into my ass, the other was rubbing my cunt, and then he pushed it in, I groaned but kept my mouth on his cock. I knew stroking the base of his cock would make him cum, I kept up the motion and started to taste cum, I swallowed and gulped it down, I kept sucking until he was soft. Jerrod leaned back and looked at my mouth on his cock, he had a very black cock, and it looked like it was part of my face. I let it slip out of my mouth, I did not want him to start getting hard again, I couldn't do anything else, with anyone else. I walked home, Jon was not home, so I washed up and slipped into bed, I was exhausted and fell asleep. Jon came in late, and kissed me, I didn't stir, I didn't want to have to fuck him.

Morning came, I opened my eyes and Jon was in the shower, I got out of bed, went for coffee, my crotch felt pretty good, I hoped I would not have to use my pussy or mouth on Jon. I showered, dressed and took the bus to work. I continued on my story, I had accomplished quite a bit, and the story was complete, but not very interesting, it was plain and predictable. 

I thought I would do a few more interviews, maybe a few of the top players, and ask them to bring their report card, I called the coaches and the interviews were firmed up. The players were all polite, and all had hopes of college, and maybe the NBA, they all had good work ethic, understood that college was there only hope of making it in life. One of the players also played football, and there was a possibility he could be recruited for both sports. I wanted to focus on him he was 18, smart and new that any mistake could ruin his career. 

He lived almost an hour from school and took the bus, he was recruited by this high school, it was academically the best in the city and always had winning teams. His practice was over and he had to head home, I offered him a ride, he accepted, maybe I could get a little more out of him away from school. He got in the car, I asked him if he received any favors from the school because he was recruited, he said he wasn't never offered anything, and would never accept anything, one of the alumni offered him a job, but he declined. 

I was impressed with everything he told me, he was smart and had goals, I stopped at a light, looked over at him and asked him what he didn't like about the school, he looked at me and said absolutely nothing, the coach was a great guy and watched closely over his players, counseled all of them and was upfront. I looked at him, he was sincere, and as I looked I noticed how clean cut he looked he would be a great poster player. When we stopped I sked him if I could take a few pictures, he still had his practice uniform on, I took a few sitting in the car, nice profile shots. 

We stepped out of the car, he stood against a brick wall, I straightened his jersey, turned him a little and stepped back to take a few more shots. He was tall and I was shooting up at him, not the best angle, so I told him to scoot down so I could get a few straight shots, it worked out, and I did get some great shots. When he was scooting down I noticed his crotch and a large lump, I was sure of what he was packing. 

I moved closer, took a few more shots, reached out touched his leg to steady myself, and kept shooting. I stumbled and fell into him, my face hit his chest and my hand went to his crotch, I half planned it, it worked, my face was in his chest and my hand was on his crotch, I rubbed a little, looked up and saw him smile. I think I got his attention, so I kissed his chest and worked my way downward to his crotch, he stood up, I bent down, I reached in his pants, and felt a jock strap, pulled it down and pulled down with his shorts, his cock was out and I was smiling. My hand was around the base, I squeeze, and pulled the black cock, my hand slid up and down, he was surprised, and I lowered my head down to take him in my mouth. 

I never tasted a saltier cock, my mouth was watering, I sucked in so I didn't drool, he was getting firm, so I dipped my head lower and took him deep, only about a third of him was in my mouth, I dipped a little farther and his cock was in my throat, I tongued and sucked, and started moving up and down on the black dick. I was able to get more of him in my throat, he had his hand on my back and then on the back of my head. He was fucking my mouth, and I was enjoying it. 

I kept pace with his pumping and soon got the first blast, I choked but never missed a beat, I couldn't swallow all of his cum, and started choking, I coughed a little out of my nose but kept sucking and swallowing, did I mention how good I suck dick. He started going limp, I still sucked making sure I cleaned him and swallowed all his cum. 

My camera was still dangling from my neck, I looked up and said, "thank you for the interview". He was speechless, I'm sure that was the best blow job he's ever had, and maybe the most surprised he's been in his life. I enjoyed sucking him, and was glad that he didn't want anything else. He pulled his jock and shorts up, we walked to the car, I spoke first and said can I call if I have any more questions, not a problem he said. 

He walked to his house, I pulled away, I wanted to get the company car back, and write a little before I forgot my story. It came out great, but needed a surprise ending. I walked straight home, Jon was waiting with diner, a pleasant surprise, but then I thought, he hasn't cum in a few days, I'm going to have to put out. 

Diner was very good, we had a bottle of wine that usually softens me up. I went to change, put on shorts and a t-shirt, no bra, my nipples poking thru the shirt this made Jon crazy. Jon was on the couch, I sat on his lap, he put his hands around me and cupped my breast, he squeezed my nipples and rolled them in his fingers. I laid back on the couch and put my legs in on his lap, I spread my legs and I gave him easy access to my crotch, I wanted to be played with. 

I pulled my shorts and panties down, and pointed, he smiled and rubbed his thumb along my crotch, this was a good start, he rubbed my pussy lips and then dipped the tip of his thumb into my pussy, I told him to wet his thumb, he put in in his mouth, and went back to pushing it in my pussy. I pressed his hand against my crotch and started to grind, I was getting wet, my lips were slippery, his thumb slid in and out, I had a great orgasm. 

I lay limp on the couch, Jon's hand was wet, he put it on my stomach and rubbed my juices on my stomach. Jon asked me to sit on his lap, I thought I would suck him first, I sat up, bent over and started opening his pants, I reached into his shorts and pulled it out, his skinny white dick, my head dipped over it, licked it, Jon said, sit on it, I said in a minute. 

The head was in my mouth, I smelled his crotch, it smelled and tasted tangy, I wasn't sure what this new sensation was but enjoyed it, my head went down, I had Jon's cock in my throat. Skinny cocks don't make me gag, I tried to get more of him in my throat, I felt his hips move upward and he went deeper, I smiled, and pushed my head farther down his cock, the tangy smell got stronger. This was definitely a new smell, I compared it to the salty cock I sucked earlier, it was not the same. Jon's hands were on my back and shoulder, he was fucking my mouth, he usually let me bob my head on his dick, but today he fucked my mouth. My lips were an inch from his crotch when I felt the spasms and the squirts, his musty smelling crotch and cum almost gave me a little orgasm. I was tired, Jon the same, we went to bed.

Next day, sitting at my desk, reading my story, it was a feel good story about high school athletes, I've been working on it for seven straight days and was ready to wrap it up. It was clear, the difference in high schools programs was coach dependent, they recruited, mentored, molded the athletes into students and made them well rounded citizens. I still needed a hook or a turn in the story to make it stand out. 

All of the student athletes that I interviewed seemed to have been coached for the interview, so maybe there was still a story underneath the façade, there was one student that I interviewed and spent a little extra time with. He was a two letter athlete, with 4.0 grade point, and the politest high school student I've ever talked to. I had his cell number and I was sure he would meet with me, last time we met I gave him a ride home and a blow job that he'll remember for the rest of his life. 

I called him, he answered the phone and said hi, he knew who he was talking to, I asked if he had time to talk, he didn't hesitate and said he would be finished with school around five, I told him I would have the company van and I would meet him outside of the school. I had time to kill so I Googled, "Why high school students fail". I learned of all the pressures, peer pressure, scholastic issues, personality clashes and problems at home. I wondered how this 18 year old, who lived in poor part of town was doing so well. 

I picked him up outside of school, I put his address in the GPS, I had already picked a route that would keep us off the freeway so we had a little more time. I asked him if he was being recruited by any colleges, he hesitated, the coach introduced him to three college recruiters, and told him not to talk to any other recruiters. I found this odd, I would expect a recruit to talk to as many schools as possible. Every time I stopped at a light I looked over, he was staring at me, I asked him if he had a girlfriend, he laughed and said he didn't have the time, and the coach didn't encourage it and actually frowned on it. 

His gaze move from my legs to my breast, my breast weren't exposed, so I unbuttoned the top button, he smiled, I undid another button and opened my shirt, he turned towards me and commented on how smooth and cute my breast were, my pushup bra helped. I asked if there was a place we could stop, he pointed right and said there is an empty super market with a large parking lot on the way, we headed towards it. 

I pulled behind the building, put the van in park unbuckled my seatbelt and turned toward him, there was no console so I could turn and face him, I kicked off my shoes, and asked if we could continue with the interview, he nodded yes. I asked him what schools he was talking to and if he had visited, he said he couldn't visit any schools until after the season had ended. He talked about the coach and how strict he was, the coach would kick you off the team after one warning. I asked if he if he knew anyone that was kicked off, he said two players, one for having a girlfriend and another for getting caught smoking pot. 

I asked him what he thought about the students, he said, the coach was getting them ready for college and life, I was impressed, he believed in the coach. I asked him how things were at home and how he could afford not to work, he got quiet. I put my foot on his lap, I asked if he could squeeze my foot while we talked, he smiled held my ankle with one hand and my foot with the other, this was a good beginning. My legs parted, and he had a nice view of my panties, not much to see but a dark patch and an outline of my lips. 

I leaned back and pulled his hand farther up my leg, he moved it under my skirt, I was amazed how far his arms reached. His hand stopped at my thigh, I looked at him, he didn't look like a high school student, but he did act like one. I smiled, put my hand on his and moved it toward my crotch. I put the palm of his hand on my mound and moved it down, his thumb followed my slit, he pressed in and I tilted my crotch up, I decided to teach my student how to get me wet and ready. 

I asked him if he wanted to pull my panties down, he reached behind me, hooked a finger in the waist band, I lifted my ass up and my panties were soon around one of my ankles. He put his hand back on my mound and his thumb was back in place, pushing into my pussy. I was getting wet, I hadn't had an orgasm in a few days and was ready. His big hand covered my mound, my crotch and his big thumb was deep into me, I was flowing, I could hear a slurping, it was his thumb plowing into my wet lips. I ground against his palm and had a little orgasm, I moaned, he was watching my face, I smiled at him, I moved his hand up to his nose, smell my pussy I said, he breathed in and smiled again, I smelled his hand, it was tangy and sweet. I thanked him, and asked him what I could do for him, that stopped him dead in his tracks.

He opened his mouth but nothing it came out, I bent over, put my hands on his crotch and started rubbing. One hand was rubbing through his shorts, the other was reaching into his waist band, I wrapped my hand around the base of his cock, and started a gentle squeezing, I pulled it a little, while my other hand reached up the leg of his shorts and started squeezing his balls. It took a minute and his cock was uncoiling like a big black snake, I told him to pull down his shorts, I had to take control or he would have cum in my hands, and I wanted him in me. 

His shorts were down, his cock was pointing straight up. I pulled the handle and lowered his seat back, I pondered the thought of sucking the head, then decided he might cum in my mouth, nope, maybe later. I pulled my skirt off and started to straddle him, his hands went to my waist, put your cock in me, he reached a hand down and guided it into me as a dropped down. The tip touched my lips, I dipped a little, the tip was in, he pushed his hips up, I grunted, he was big. My hands were on his chest, I started talking to him, 'go slow, your big", he stopped, I lifted up he had about three inches in me, I dropped back down, I moaned leaned over and kissed him. I must have triggered something, he shoved half of his cock in me, it took the breath out of me and I let out a loud a little cry. He stopped, I said that's okay, I lifted up and came back down, an inch or two at a time and soon he was buried in me. 
