 It was a typical morning, Jon rolling over, penis protruding, poking me between my small ass cheeks, his hands on my waist, pulling me towards him. It was early, we both had to get ready for work, I reached around and wrapped my hand around the head, and squeezed. I wanted a little diddling, to get me wet and ready, but Jon wanted to be in me, he wet his fingers with spit, reached between my legs, rubbing my lips, pushing a finger in me. I pushed my hips back, giving him better access, and his finger slid in to the first knuckle, I enjoyed the pressure on my lips and how his finger forced my lips open. I still had my hand on the head his cock, squeezing it and feeling it getting harder, while I pushed back trying to get his finger deeper. 

Jon had a nice cock, not too thick, but seven inches long, so he could reach deep into me, I always had a nice orgasm when he took me from the back. I wasn't quite ready, but Jon's finger was getting me warmed up, I pulled his cock towards my lips, but when he thrust, the head pushed into my tight butt hole, I jumped and it slipped past my little brown hole, and between lips, where I wanted it. We've had anal a couple of times, but only with a lot of lube, and when I've had a few too many drinks, I enjoyed it, it felt funny, and I had to rub my own clit to have an orgasm. 

I guided the end of Jon's cock into me, I was tight because I hadn't time to get wet, but he was working it in, and I was pushing back, enjoying my lips being spread and the friction from the head of his cock. Things were progressing very nicely, we had a rhythm starting, he has pushing deeper and I was pushing back, opening my tight lips for him. Jon had his hands on my hips pulling me back and shoving his cock deeper, soon I had all of him in me, we started rocking, and I had a nice tiny orgasm, I flooded my tight tunnel with my juices and Jon started pumping faster and harder. 

I was ready to have my second orgasm, when he started pumping harder and deeper, I felt him cum, and tried to grind against him to finish my second cum, but he had finished, it was a nice load and felt good. I really wanted to cum again, so I rolled over, face to face and reached for his cock, it was wet, that made it easy to stroke and squeeze. I kissed him, pushed my tongue in his mouth and tried to get him hard again, I really needed him hard and in me again. He was slowly getting a little life in his cock, he was about half way there, I moved my head towards his crotch, opened my mouth and sucked the head between lips, I could taste the cum, and slid my mouth to the base of his cock, I swirled it with my tongue, and started moving my head up and down his half hard cock. 

I really give good head, I used my lips, my tongue and sucked lightly on him, while my head bobbed on his dick. It took about two minutes and I couldn't get him all in my mouth, his hard dick felt great in my mouth but I had a better use for a hard cock. I tried to pull my head of his cock but his hand pushed my mouth back down on it, and I had to gag when the head poked the back of my throat. I pulled my mouth off the hard cock, sat up and swung my leg over his hips, he was pointed straight up, I reached down and guided him to the lips of my pussy and sank done on to him, I was sloppy from his cum, but still tight. I heard him grunt as he slid in to the hilt, I rocked on him, squeezing my cunt trying to get as much friction as was possible. It took about a minute, he grabbed my hips and started pumping up into me, I felt him cum again, and for the second time I was left behind, and I guess my mouth worked too well on him. I rocked a little longer, but I wasn't getting what I needed. I asked Jon if he wanted him to suck him again, he said it wouldn't help. Damn I was horny.

We had breakfast in the kitchen, Jon showered and got ready for work, and I kissed him, and went into the shower. Jon left while I was showering, and while I was soaping myself, I tried to get a quick cum in, but I couldn't finish myself off, it just made me hornier. I could take the bus or walk to work, it was about a 30 minute walk, or 10 minutes by bus, after dressed I walked down to the bus stop, and waited for the bus.

I'm about 5' 1", 110 lbs., so my short legs get tired when I walk to work. The bus stopped, I stepped in, paid my fare, and walked to the back of the bus, where I had to stand. Buses rock when they stop and start, I was standing next to tall black man, he was sitting, he stood up and offered me his seat, I said, "that's alright", but he insisted because he was getting off in a couple of stops, I sat down and thanked him. He was a tall man, with a nice smile, my head was pointed straight, but when my eyes looked left I was staring at the middle of his thigh, and a bulge. I tried to look forward, but could not resist peeking at the bulge. The bus lurched forward, he was holding on and something in his pants was swaying. I looked up and asked him if he was alright, he said everything was fine. We started talking, he was coming from work to his flat in two stops, I told him I was going to work, and I should have walked to get the exercise, he laughed and said I don't have anything to burn off. We had a nice conversation, and I peeked at whatever was swaying in his pants. 

His name was Jerrod, his voice was deep and pleasant, and when I peeked at whatever was swaying in his pants, it reminded me how horny I was. My thoughts wandered, and I wondered if it was true about what they said about black men, I gazed down at his feet they must have size 12. I smiled, and thought about what a big black cock would look like, I started getting wet, and remembered how Jon left me unsatisfied, and how horney I was. My bus was moving and rocking, at one point my body swayed to the left and my nose was almost touching the bulge, the bus lurched again, and my face bounced off his bulge, I think the bulge rose a bit. I said, excuse me and Jerrod asked me if I was okay, I said the swaying bus was upsetting my stomach. I asked him if I could stand, and he made room for me. I stood up and held on to the seat, Jerrod offered me his hand to stabilize me, I grabbed his hand and squeezed, I felt better but wanted to get off the bus.

The next stop was close, so I started towards the door, Jerrod followed me, and kept me stable, the bus stopped and I stepped off, Jerrod followed me and told me he would walk a block to his flat, making sure I was ok. He was very considerate, I smiled and said thank you. We talked and walked, Jerrod was pleasant, and I could tell, he usually walked faster, but my short legs had a short stride. After a block, Jerrod asked if wanted to come up to his flat and get a drink and rest, I was happy he asked, and agreed.

Walking up the one flight of steps was quick, he opened the door, I sat on the couch and he went to get me a bottle of water. I was feeling better, he told me to put my feet on the couch and he sat at the far end, and started talking, he said the bus was stuffy, and movement of the bus all contributed to my queasy feeling. I wanted to tell him how horny as I was, but the conversation didn't go that way. Jerrod told me to lean my head back, I scooted my butt down, put my head on the arm of the couch, my skirt hiked up a bit and my feet were touching the side of his leg. His hand went to the top of my foot, his hand was twice the size of my narrow foot, he squeezed it, and I gave a little sound from my lips and smiled. I scooted farther down and put both feet on his leg, he started massaging my foot with both hands, I relaxed, my legs parted he look towards me and saw up my skirt. I looked at him and smiled, he squeezed my foot with both hands and I started melting, I asked him to squeeze my ankle and calf, he reached and started massaging up my leg. 

My legs parted a little more, I moaned and put my hand on his and pulled it farther up my leg and on the inside of my thigh, I looked at him and he smiled. I wasn't thinking, I was just enjoying myself, Jerrod's hand move up my thigh to my crotch, and the back of his hand was rubbing my lips through my panties, my wet lips left moisture on his hand. I bent my knee, and let my legs open, his hand was on my stomach and his thumb was massaging my lips and clit, my moans were louder, I pulled my skirt up and pushed my panties down his thumb went right to my gash, rubbing and pushing into me, I put my hand on his and started grinding against it. I had a nice little orgasm, he smiled as he watched me cum. 

I wasn't sure what would happen next, but remembered this morning with Jon, I wanted a cock in me. I moved his hand, swung my legs off the couch, pulled down my skirt and panties, removed my blouse and bra, and stood in front of Jerrod naked, he was watching me, and was smiling. I knelt in front of him, undid his belt and pants and pulled them down, his shoes were off and I removed his pants. His boxers had a huge bulge, I slid my hands up his thighs to his crotch and had my hands around the base of his cock, and I looked up at him, still smiling when I started stroking the thick cock. I hadn't even seen his equipment, but was really worked up, I pulled down his boxers, and as I revealed his cock I leaned back and said wow! I finished removing the shorts, put both hands on him and started stroking, and I wasn't sure what I could do with the monster but kept stroking it until it was half hard. I straddled Jerrod's lap, wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled his lips toward mine. I kissed the outside of his mouth and then planted a wet kiss on his lips and rubbed my tongue across his lips and then put it in his mouth. His response was immediate, he pulled me to him, I felt his cock between us and ground my pussy lips against the base of his black cock. I could feel how wet I was, I clenched my thighs and kept grinding against him, I came, and went limp in Jerrod's arms. 

I looked down at Jerrod's cock and it reached halfway up my torso, I smiled and asked Jerrod what he wanted me to do for him. He answered, sit on my dick, I raised up reached down, grabbed the big plumb head and put it against my lips. I told Jerrod that he might be too big for my pussy and that I might have to suck him off, he smiled and said he would be gentle. 

The big head was lodged tight against my lips and his first lunge put most of it in me, I grunted. His hands on my hips, he pulled me down, I felt the rim of his cock push thru my opening, there was no pain, but I never thought I could be so filled, don't pull out I told him, and he pushed deeper. I did not think this could be happening, a big black cock was inme, getting deeper with each push, Jerrod was being gentle, I was adjusting to the size and enjoying it. Everything was perfect, I started to cum again, I clenched and squeezed, then went limp, his cock slid deeper, I lifted up and started riding him, he pumped into me while I slid down the black pole. The big cock head spread my walls, the friction was making me weak, and I knew I would cum soon, I stepped up the pace, squeezed my walls and felt him pumping harder, then the first big stream of cum splashed inside me, I wrapped around him tighter and kept feeling the spurts. Soon it was over, his cock was deflating and I felt the soft cock sliding deeper, he was about half his normal size and soon all of his cock was in me.

I had never been so satisfied and fucked, I never even considered taking a black cock, but now I was wondering when he would take me again. I started to lift off of Jerrod, the black cock was slipping out of me, the head was scraping my walls, I felt it near the mouth of my pussy, when it plopped out, his cum started running out. I climbed off his lap, I wasn't sure what I was going to do next, his cock was soft and wet, it looked like a snake, I bent over kissed it and said thank you. 

I started walking towards the kitchen and cum started running down my thighs, I stopped and turned towards Jerrod, I said to him, you made a mess and pointed to my glistening thighs. I washed myself at the kitchen, Jerrod said use the bathroom, I said yes sir. 

I wasn't sure what time it was, but I knew I was late, when I came out of the bathroom, Jerrod was still on the couch, I walked over to him, bent over grabbed the black cock and guided the head to my mouth, I stuffed it in and started sucking and tonguing it. It rose to the occasion, and I started bobbing on it, the head was in my mouth and I started jacking it with both hands. He was hard, I looked down the black shaft and wonder how much was in me when it was hard. I knew he wouldn't last long and soon I felt his spurting, it wasn't too much and was able to swallow most of it, some ran down my chin. I stood up, asked him when we would meet again, he smiled and said I didn't have to leave, but I did have to go to work. I started dressing, wet underwear, bra, blouse and skirt, that was easy and fast, I put his number in my phone, I told him I would call him, he said anytime.

I walked down the steps, out the door and turned towards my office, I started to realize that my pussy was sore and when I walked I could feel how irritated my lips are, in 15 minutes I was there. I walked in no one asked so I said nothing about my tardiness.