 Hi Guys

My name is Julie; a long time reader of Literotica, one of a small group of similar ladies, all of us friends for quite a number of years. We are not youngsters, at present the youngest of us is in her fifties. The group is not a closed arena, some will arrive, and some alas will depart. Some of us were married, some not, some divorced, and some widowed our common factor now is that we are alone. We could, if there were just thirteen of us, be called "The Coven Club."

We share similar interests, we are all horny in various ways, and when we are not reading and discussing the content of your site we chat about our own experiences and tales from the past, and to be honest, our current activities.

A recent discussion encompassed the idea of recording our stories, and possibly putting them on the web. Our lives, language and styles are a lot different to the stories and things we see on Literotica, but we do think they may entertain your readers. I was elected to write up the stories, memories of our group. I will write as far as possible in the words used by the contributor, but I do think I may have to resort to a thesaurus from time to time. Well, the girls can be a bit crude

Here is the tale Joan told us over drinks one evening. More tales will follow if you like this one.

. 

I love my boys, I've got three of them. Terry, Ian and Tony. I am in my seventies, so you know they are not children. They may be shocked by my story but then, it may let them know why they are such horny so and sos. Not just me mind, but their dad too.

Terry and Ian were born quite close, and then there was about eight years until I fell for Tony. Bit of an after thought, or to coin a phrase a cock up. Ha ha! Well, I had to laugh, their dad Ted didn't, but it was his own fault!

We had both been horny bar stewards, all our lives, well; I know I was, since I found out about it. And Ted was no innocent when we met! I don't think he had much experience, well you didn't in those days, but he wasn't innocent.

Anyway, that's for another time. I was going to tell you about our afterthought, Tony. I haven't written this sort of thing before, letters and the occasional love letter is all, so let me know if I have got it about right.

We live in England, my boys and me, that is, Ted has been gone a while now to the great nookie nest over the rainbow. Where exactly we live is not relevant. We were a fairly ordinary family, "working class", although Ted did earn a bit above average. We didn't at the time have a car, but we did have holidays. A few years of tenting, and this particular year, Terry was nine and Ian was eight, we rented a caravan on a site near the sea on the south coast.

Our sex life was not the most vigorous at the time, I was working in a shop, and Ted was busy too, we just seemed to be tired, and we didn't really bother. Not that we didn't want to, just, tired and too lazy to make the effort.

The boys really enjoyed the train trip to the coast, and spent their time racing up and down the corridor checking out the toilet, and even leaning out of the window trying to see the engine when the train was going round curves. Ted and I just sat back and relaxed.

I bet you want to know what I am like. My name is Joan, I'm in my mid, Ok, late seventies, rounded, but not all that fat. Tits are still fairly firm and if I may say so, quite perky. I wear glasses, and my grey hair, collar length. Nowadays I wear comfy clothes, cardigans, blouses, skirts, not, I admit, very sexy, but I do still have my moments.

We arrive at the site, around lunch time and after a quick snack the boys and Ted set off to explore the site while I started to get us settled in and sort the sleeping arrangements. Not a big job. The Caravan had everything we needed. A couple of bedrooms, lounge, bathroom & toilet and kitchen. Well, the kitchen and lounge were in one, a sort of lounge diner. 

Having sorted out, I settled in a chair with the love story magazine I had started on the train. I obviously dozed, as the next thing I was aware of was hands on my breasts! I was awake! Wide awake! I jumped up defensively pushing and shoving. Ted jumped back laughing. 

"What's up with you?" he chuckled.

"I wondered who the hell it was"

"Only me! Who were you expecting?"

"Where are the boys?"

They of course were out playing in the fields, enjoying their freedom. It was getting dusk so we prepared for our evening meal. After a few beers, tiredness caught up with us all and we had an early night. 

No, not that sort of early night, we were all asleep very quickly. Ted did snuggle up, and I did reach behind me and felt his dick, not much luck, he was snoring and there was very little life in his old fella. I gave up on it and with my hand in my knickers, had a little diddle. I was a bit juicy, and was enjoying myself, but a combination of the sea air, the travelling and general tiredness I drifted off to sleep before I got much pleasure.

Gradually slipping into consciousness I was aware of my nipples erect and the wetness of my pussy. Ted was cuddled up tight behind me and there was certainly life in his old fella this morning. It was like rolling pin stuck up along the crease of my bum. I encouraged his hand caressing my nipples and reaching round pulled his other hand into the front of my knickers, I was hoping he would realise that I wanted him to diddle my bits, he didn't always and sometimes it was wham bang thank you mam. He did, and I was building nicely to a good cum, pulling at his fella, trying to drag it toward my pussy entrance, wriggling my bum against him and trying to get the most out of his fingers I was ready to burst. I got the tip of him to my entrance, he was so active he was a lousy shot and couldn't hit the spot on his own. 

Then it happened!

The boys burst into the bedroom, shouting for their breakfast! It was a lovely day. Too good they said to stay indoors and they wanted to get out. The mood of course was shattered, the rolling pin became a piece of string and I hiked my knickers to a respectable level as I sent them from the room and got myself out of bed. Ted had his face buried in his pillow.

When he eventually emerged from the bedroom, Ted's mood was far from encouraging and we ate breakfast with no more sound than the boy's lively chatter. Breakfast over, the boys went to play with new found friends, Ted went to the newsagents for his daily paper. And me? Hot and horny, settled into what I do best, tidying the place and doing my chores to take my mind off the frustration in my knickers. I was tempted to give it a bit of a diddle, but decided that there was too much chance of being caught. I mean, even Ted didn't know I did that from time to time. Not the done thing, and certainly not mentioned.

On his return, Ted settled down with his paper, and I stood at the sink, watching our boys and some of the other kids enjoying themselves. As I washed the dishes, I was suddenly aware of Ted behind me. 

He snuggled in, and lifting my hair, began kissing my neck. Now his hands were at my waist, then nuzzling my neck as he did so he started to unbutton my blouse from the bottom.

"What about the boys?" I murmured, I didn't want to stop what was going on.

"We can see them from here and they look pretty busy to me."

Leaving the top buttons of my open neck blouse fastened, just in case anyone could see into the caravan, Ted slipped his hands inside and up to fondle my bra clad tits. How my nipples didn't burst out through the fabric I will never know. I wanted his hands on my bare skin as I arched backwards to enjoy the kisses he was planting on my neck.

"Either undo my bra, or at least push it up out of the way."

Ted of course took the easy way and just pushed my bra off my tits, and continued with his fondling. I pushed my wet hand down between me and the sink unit and by God I needed to rub my pussy. Well I didn't need to rub it, but it certainly could benefit by being rubbed! Whoever did it! 

I started to reach back to find Ted's old fella, as I unbuttoned his trousers Ted stepped back. Then taking the hem of my skirt threw it up over my back then stepped back to me his fella stood solidly up along the crease of my bum. He stepped away again, and starting at my ankles stroked up my stocking clad legs, when he hit naked flesh at the top of my stockings I could have screamed and when he slipped his fingers under the leg of my knickers I could only groan with longing. He stroked my bits and I felt I was about to wee myself. Then he moved his fingers back and slipped them into my hole. Oh...My...God! I was getting desperate.

I was still looking out towards where the boys were playing I could still see them when I had my eyes open. The fact that the whole situation could come to a crashing halt did nothing to take the edge off my enjoyment.

I reached down and caught Ted's fella, I told you he was a lousy shot and holding the leg of my knickers aside located the fella at the entrance to my hole.

"Go for it!" I begged.

Ted did. He rammed into me with such force he lifted me clean off the ground. If I had not had my hands in the sink I would have been tipped on my face. 

"Will that do you?" Ted gasped.

It certainly did as I fired into my first orgasm of the session. The first, but several more rolled over me as Ted shafted on towards his own climax. Each thrust lifted me, and gave me another ripple. For leverage he was holding my tits and I was loving every minute of it, every time his fella slid up into me I gasped in ecstasy, the sensation of the sliding back and forth, the automatic thrusting of his hips drove me on, my pussy twitching with pleasure, I was so wet, then with a final thrust Ted erupted into me. My head was back; my eyes were closed as Ted's climax sent further orgasms through me. This had been our first holiday since Ian was born and this had been the first spontaneous sex we had in several years I just wanted it to go on and on.

Of course it couldn't and shouting from outside wrenched me from my bliss. I looked up to see the boys racing in the direction of the caravan.

"Quick! The Boys are coming!"

It was enough to kill the moment for the second time in a few hours. Ted's fella died and dropped out. My knicker leg didn't just spring back on its own but stuck in the side of my groin. I quickly dropped my skirt as Ted ducked into the toilet.

The door burst open.

"We want a drink its hot work out there playing"

My knickers were uncomfortable stuck as they were, and my upper thighs getting wetter by the moment as both my juices and Ted's trickled from my pussy.

"What's for lunch, we're starving"

Sandwiches and drinks consumed and the boys were gone again. As I got myself cleaned up Ted sat at the bedside chatting. That is until I got out a clean pair of knickers.

"Do you want to be bothered with those?"

"What do mean?"

"Well we could soil another pair before long" Ted winked.

"True!" I said, "Are you up to it again already"

"Could be, why don't you find out?" he grinned.

Of course he was, and I have to say, so was I so we just got on and I had it straight up me, and shag we did....with vigour. I was surprised at just how energetic Ted was, and I came and came. It set the pattern for the whole week. Mostly when we went out and about I was knickerless, and spontaneity was Ted's middle name. We took our chances where we found them and I was well shagged by the end of the holiday, and, I was pregnant with Tony. Believe me girls, when I tell you, sand gets everywhere! Every time I look at Tony I remember the holiday on the coast and a sparkle comes into my eye, none has ever been so much fun.

Joan.