 Deirdre Mackey is an attractive young woman. Maybe not movie-star quality but then, with a top notch make-up artist, costumer and hair stylist like the stars use, maybe so. She'd certainly give them something good to work with. Sun bleached, dirty blond hair, brown eyes, strong chin, a mouth that's slightly smaller than average and often breaks into a friendly smile. Tall, 5"9" with a slim, athletic body. Long, strong legs with shape; firm butt; breasts that aren't triple D's at all but are 'more than a handful'. She has the kind of body that clothes look good on, even the bikinis she wears playing beach volleyball. Twenty-two, in her senior year of college, she's having lunch with another girl that she's been friends with since childhood.

Bernice," Deirdre says, "See that tall guy just getting to the cashier at the end of the cafeteria line?" 

Bernice turns and looks and turns back, "Yeah , I see him. So what?"

"I get horny just looking at him."

"Deirdre, you were born horny. But why him in particular?"

"He has a long nose."

"So?"

"Well, noses are supposed to be related to penises so he probably has a long penis, too."

"I never heard that, I think it's crazy."

"No, I think it's true. I mean I only have a small sample but it's been true so far."

"Yeah, well I've also heard that the size of the mouth refers to the size of the vagina."

"Every guy has always told me that I'm tight, so maybe it's true."

Bernice laughs. "Every guy, you make it sound like you've been with every guy in town."

"Bernice, you know better. I doubt I've even been with as many as you. Which doesn't mean I don't want to have more. And this guy just arouses me. I wonder what would happen if I just walked up to him and said, Hi, I'm Deirdre and I'd like to fuck you."

Bernice laughs again. "You couldn't do that. Even you couldn't do that, could you?"

"Probably not. I wouldn't have the nerve. Besides, I'd probably get turned down. He probably has a girl friend or wife or something."

"Or boyfriend."

"Gee, I hope not. What a waste." 

Chad Orsini is tall, 6'3", slim. Looks skinny but actually is very fit, plays a lot of tennis and handball. Vaguely resembles a young version of the actor, Alan Alda. Dark hair, long nose, sparkling eyes. He's also twenty-two and a senior at the very same downtown university as Deirdre. It's a large school, though, and they've never shared a class or even noticed each other before. But Chad sees the girls in the booth, sees one sort of nod at him and the other turn around, so knows they're saying something about him. As he walks to a table, he passes behind the booth the girls are in and overhears a snippet of their conversation.

" And this guy just arouses me. I wonder what would happen if I just walked up to him and said, Hi, I'm Deirdre and I'd like to fuck you."

Which makes him look back and maneuver around to find a place where he could get a good look at the girl that said that, assuming it was about him. A really attractive girl. He muses to himself as he hurriedly finishes his light lunch, "How do I face her? What can I say to get to meet her?"

The two girls are moving, starting to stand up. Chad gulps down the last of his drink and also stands. The girls move to a waste receptacle to empty their trays. Chad moves to the same one with his tray.

"Deirdre, I've got to get going, I'm almost late. See you again soon, Call me." Bernice says and moves off. Deirdre empties her tray just as Chad walks up to empty his. She realizes it's the guy she'd been looking at and hesitates. Can she say something?

Chad empties his tray and sets it down. Deirdre is standing right there, there's no one else close at the moment. "Deirdre," he says, "I'm Chad, and yes, I'd love to have sex with you."

Deirdre is startled. He's talking to me. What is this, he's reading my mind? 

Chad can see the look on her face. He knows he'd better say something more or else he's going to scare her off. Just walking up to a stranger and offering to fuck her. "I'm sorry," he says, "but I overheard what you said to your friend. And I feel the same about you. I just didn't want to let the opportunity get away from me."

"You were eavesdropping."

"No, I walked by as you were talking is all."

"Well then maybe you didn't hear me say that I'd never have the nerve to say anything like that to you."

"But you meant it, didn't you?"

"Well, uh, yeah, I guess I did."

"Well, I mean it, too. You're a gorgeous girl. I'd love to lick and suck on your clit and give you the best orgasm of your life. Right now, if you're willing."

"Right now, here?"

Chad grins. "No, I don't think the management would like me to try and have you for lunch right here. But I live upstairs, we can be as involved as you want in just a minute."

Thoughts rush through her mind. Finally she grins back. "Ooh, if you want to do what you say, I want to do the same to you. I bet you have a delicious cock. This is crazy. We don't even know one another. But yes. Why not? The best orgasm ever? Lead the way, Chad."

The two leave the cafeteria and immediately turn into a door and go up a flight of stairs. There's a hallway and Chad's apartment is the first door, with windows looking out over the street. Inside, without even looking around much because she doesn't really care, just wants some sex, Deirdre says, "Chad, this isn't romance, just sex. For me to do to you what I want to do, you should be naked. And for you to do to me what I hope you want to do, I need to be naked. So we might as well just get naked and get to it."

In his bedroom, they both strip. "Chad, I thought you were a skinny guy with a big cock and that really turned me on but you're better than I ever imagined. You're a real hunk." She steps to him and wraps her hand around his cock which is rapidly moving to full erection, and presses against him and looks up for a kiss. He responds, putting his arms around her and kissing her, as she keeps hold of his now fully erect cock. As the kiss breaks, she adds, "I want to go first, please. Your cock looks and feels perfect." She starts kissing his chest and shoulders, down to his nipples, which she licks with her tongue, then down across his stomach until she's kneeling in front of him staring at his cock. She moans at the sight and starts kissing it, on the end, around the sides, down onto his testicles. Her one hand holds his erection, her other fondles his balls. 

She was right in her first estimation, his cock is the longest she's happened to ever have anything to do with. Not the largest around but about nine inches in length. She loves sucking cock almost as much as she loves having it in her. Her vagina starts putting forth lubricant just at the sight of it. But first, she gets her mouth around the head and starts taking it in her mouth, licking and sucking. "I'll never get this all the way in this first time," she tells him as she pulls loose for a second, "but maybe with practice I'll figure it out. You have such a great cock." With that, it's back into her mouth as far as she can take it and she starts bobbing back and forth, jerking him with her hand while sucking on him and working him with her mouth; her other hand busy on his testicles all the while. She moans and drools and relishes every moment until she can feel his cock stiffening even more and she knows a load is coming. She purposely takes him as far into her throat as she can as he shoots off load after load into her. When she finally senses he's finished, she slowly moves her head back, still sucking and licking him, getting every last drop and cleaning him at the same time. She looks up at him, "I'd love to do that a lot," she tells him, a couple drops of cum still on her lips, "this is the best cock I've ever had by far." With that., she stands up, he holds her and they kiss again.

He lays her on the bed and start kissing over her entire body. Her face, neck, shoulders, certainly her breasts. He licks and sucks on each nipple as his hand reaches down between her legs to begin fingering her pussy. He kisses down across her stomach, then bypasses her hot point, to work his mouth and tongue down her one leg and up the other. Inside her thigh, he kisses on up as she spreads as wide as she can. He then gets his mouth to her, forces his tongue inside her vagina and licks and licks. His hands hold her butt up a little as he moves his mouth up a little to her clit. As he starts licking her clit, he slides a finger into her and feels around a little. His licking turns to sucking, his lips pulling on her clit, his finger becomes almost frantic, working in and out of her. In short order, she's into orgasm. Her body jerking, her hips rising, her legs moving. He continues to suck on her clit as he feels her ejecting fluids and then lowers his mouth to try and suck her entire pussy into his mouth as he savors her tastes.

She's moaning and writhing as he moves up over her and starts pushing his lengthy penis into her. "Fuck. Oh, fuck." she murmurs as her head waves back and forth and her hips lift to try and take more of him into her.

He pushes into her, getting the head fully in, and realizes how tight she is and how good it feels. To enjoy it and not get it over too fast, he purposely pushes in slightly more and pauses, withdraws a hair and pushes in again. Every movement seems to set off sensory nerves over the full surface of his cock. He pushes in more. She's pushing back, trying to swallow him in faster. He takes a half dozen pushes before he's fully in, getting a feeling that he's filled her, is running into the end of the available channel. She has the same feeling, as if he's been feeding more and more of an extraordinarily long cock into her until she's more filled than ever before. Both love the feelings involved. 

He pulls back some and starts a pumping action. Her hips are pushing back, slightly lifting his entire body. He has to push harder to stay in position, which causes her to push harder to get even more, until they're banging away at each other with as much force and speed as possible. She cums first. She knows that once she cums, she gets to orgasms faster as they keep on coming and in this case, she'd already cum first from his tongue. 

As her moans and light screams die as her orgasm relaxes, she tells him, "You're still hard. Let's switch and let me on top." He pulls out, slowly, and she feels every millimeter as his cock moves in her. He then lays on his back and she grasps his cock and straddles him and lowers herself onto him. She can't help but drop slowly, to experience the feeling of his long cock filling her. She leans back and starts to rotate her hips and rock back and forth, feeling his cock move against the forward part of her vagina, exercising her G-spot. She moans and glories in the wondrous feeling. After a minute or so she straightens up, still rocking on his cock, and then leans forward, getting her clit against his pubic area and starts sliding back and forth, riding his cock. An even more glorious feeling. 

He raises his upper body slightly to get a hand and his mouth to a breast. He holds it as his tongue licks it and then his mouth sucks on the nipple. Deirdre moves faster and faster, rubbing her clit on him and and orgasm starts rising within her until it hits full force. She freezes for a moment and then collapses down onto his body, his cock still in her. He puts his arms around her and rolls her to the side, pulls his cock out and then moves her onto her stomach as he moves around and gets between her legs. He grasps her hips to lift them. Sensing what he's doing she helps lift her hips until she's in position for him to enter her again from the rear. This time, he's fully back into her in one thrust and begins to pound against her as fast and as hard as he can. Her whole body gets pushed forward with his in-stroke. She pushes back as he pulls back until he forces her forward again with his next stroke. It's almost as if her orgasms have never stopped. She's fully into another and he continues to pound into her until she can feel him moving even further into her and then can sense his warm semen moving within her. She collapses and he lays atop her, his cock still within her.

A minute later they're side by side, facing one another, their arms loosely around each other. "I'm no virgin," she quietly says to him, "but I'm not nearly as promiscuous as my coming here with you would indicate. And I have to tell you that you've just given me the best fuck of my life. Really. The absolute best. I want more. It'd be fine if it never stopped. Maybe I can move in here and we can do this a couple times every day." Then she pauses. "No, that wouldn't be right. Living together would mean romance and this is just sex. Animal sex. But I really do want a lot more of this. Do you work? Could I just come by every day after your work and we could do this some more? Or something."

He smiles at her. "This was special for me, too. You really reacted, it's obvious that you loved it. So did I. And I want more of you, too. Maybe we can do it all over in a few minutes, if that's o.k. with you. And I'd love to be with you often, as often as we can. I go to university, a senior. I'll graduate in the Spring. Now I help clean up the cafeteria below almost every day right after they close. It's on the barter system. I work for room and board, food. Then I'm the extra bartender at Mulligans every Friday and Saturday evenings, for real money. Pay plus fairly good tips. What about you? What does Deirdre do with the rest of her life?"

"I'm at the university, too. A senior also. I plan on getting a marketing job with a good corporation when I graduate. And I work to earn money, too."

"What kind of work do you do?"

"I wonder if I should even tell you. You probably already don't have a good opinion of me since I've turned out to be so easy. Well, what I do isn't socially acceptable but it's truly very innocent. Well, innocent in some ways. I mean, I don't have actual sex with guys. I'm on the internet, sort of like a chat room except it's live video. Guys pay to have me do what they want me to do and it's always something sexual. Mostly, they just get to look at me and talk to me but a lot of times they have me pleasure myself while they watch or have the camera zoom in on parts of me they want to see. Maybe that's why I'm always so horny, or, maybe I'm doing that because I'm always so horny, I don't know which."

"Aren't you concerned that you'll run into one of your, uh, customers, outside sometime?"

"Well, yeah, a little. But the way it's set up, I'm not supposed to get any calls from anywhere closer than about a thousand miles. I mean, I'm out here in California and most of the guys are from Chicago or even further East." A pause. "I know it sounds bad but, really, it's all so remote. I'm not really involved. Well, I guess I am. Sometimes I get very aroused. But I mean I'm not actually with some guy. And the pay is terrific. I don't have to work much to make as much as I need."

"How did you even find a job like that? I've job hunted several times and I've never run across anything like that. It's not something that job agencies carry is it?"

Deirdre grins, "No, it was my freshman year and I was in the cafeteria at school bitching about how I never had any money and this girl that I'd barely met told me about this job. She was doing it. As she said, you never meet the guys, no one touches you. You could do this as a virgin. Well, maybe not because sometimes they want to see you use a dildo. Anyway, the pay is great." Grinning, she slides a hand down to his cock and starts working on it. "I realized that I'm always horny. I masturbate at least every day and more often a lot of times, so all I'm doing is what I'd be doing anyway except someone is paying to watch me. Only I can't see them watching me, I'm all alone. Even so, it's a bit of a turn-on to know someone's watching and probably masturbating as they do. And the pay is arranged so that if you get call backs, I mean the same guy calling over and over, I make more money." She's managed to get him at least partially erect so she sits back some and leans down over him to get her mouth to him. "But I much prefer the real thing. You have the most desirable cock I've ever known. You feel unbelievable inside me." She gets her lips around the head and starts licking and sucking, sliding her hand up and down towards the base. He reaches around her bottom and gets his hand to her pussy. She spreads her legs slightly to give him more room. He pulls on her hips and, realizing what he wants, she moves her legs so that she's straddling him and can get his mouth to her. Quietly except for the slurping noises, they eat each other.

It doesn't take long and she's coming. He's every bit as good with his mouth as his cock, she admits to herself. She pulls loose from him, moves around quickly to straddle him and take him up into herself. She starts to ride him slowly. "I love the taste and feel of you in my mouth," she tells him in bursts as her hips slid back and forth on his cock, "and I absolutely love what you can do to me with your mouth and tongue and fingers. I feel a little bad that this time I probably tasted awful since I was still full of your cum and probably sticky."

"I think you taste even sexier when you're well fucked," he says to her.

"Well you always taste great to me." She continues to ride him until she cums again. He stays erect for about twenty minutes and they fuck in every possible position, changing each time she cums. As much as she loves sex and particularly loves his cock that fills her so perfectly, she begins to wonder if she's had enough, is actually starting to feel slightly sore, when he finally cums and they collapse next to one another. She tells him she's missed one class and hates to interrupt but if she leaves then she can still make her next one. Which makes him realize that he's in the same position so they both dress hurriedly and head off to campus.

The next day, she knows that the cafeteria below him closes at 8 pm. So she leaves a little time for him to help clean up and she goes to his apartment at 9. She actually has to sit in the hall, leaning against his door for almost a half hour before he comes up the stairs. They spend two hours having sex before she leaves to go back to her apartment. Night after night, she's at his place. Then, about three in the morning Saturday, after his shift as a bartender, he's at her apartment door, waking her. They have sex and he sleeps with her until noon, when they have more sex. And so it goes for about two months, her going to his place and he going to her place. Except for a very few interruptions due to her periods or outside activities interfering, they have sex every night. 

One night, after a couple hours of very good sex, Chad suggests to her, "Deirdre, the very first time we were together, you suggested moving in with me so that we could have sex often. Maybe you should. There's not much doubt we both want each other all the time and it would be more convenient if we lived together. I'd sort of like to find out what it's like to live with someone, too. See if we still want each other when we're together so much." She agrees and they start planning on her moving in soon. She gives her apartment manager notice.

The very next day, which was pre-planned and Chad knows about it, Deirdre meets Bernice and several other girl friends from school for a girls night out. Chad's tending bar and the two accept that this is one of the few nights they won't have sex. After dinner the girls all head to a bar. Except for Deirdre, the others all hope to meet Mr. Right or at least pick up a stud for the night. About ten o'clock, Bernice tells Deirdre that she's found a guy and is leaving, which leaves Deirdre sitting alone at the bar. 
