 Brody and Millie watched as the couple next to them began to groan and lay down on top of one another.

Son-of-a-bitch, he wasn't lying about screwing her! Was his last thought before Millie pressed her lips against his. 

Things happened fairly quickly after that. Both girls were amazed at the way the peeping Toms could kiss. Cindy realized she wanted more from Slattery, whom she'd had a slight crush on since their freshman year. 

"Jackie?" she panted after their kiss ended.

"Mmm, Cindy? You—you sure can kiss."

"You too, Jackie ... um, that's why I um ... "and then in a quick burst she revealed her true feelings to him. "We could, um, get more comfy over at my place. My Mom's home but won't bother us. I mean it. She absolutely won't bother us. We can make out all we want. Wanna go?"

Right now?"

"Yes, right away!"

Of all things, Slattery was reluctant to stand up because of his prominent boner.

That is until Cindy took hold of it and began pulling him away from Millie and Brody.

Seconds later it was as if they'd never even been there.

________________________________________

Millicent hardly noticed their departure. Brody did because he was still accepting the fact that Slats hadn't been a virgin after all. 

But then Millie placed her arms around his neck and they enjoyed a second, more prolonged kiss that ended with her raincoat half opened and his left hand lightly caressing her bra encased breasts while she moaned happily into his ear.

"Mmmmm," Millie murmured you don't seem like a peeper, you know?"

"No?"

"No. But you did peep, why?"

"Jeez, Millicent, we were passing by, and there you were--naked in the window. It was like, um, a free show, you know? I mean, you've got terrific tits and all ... I don't mean to be nasty in saying that, but they are terrific!"

"Oh wow ... thanks, I guess."

A light drizzle began to fall, not unusual for Florida.

She gently removed his hand from her breast and studying him at close range decided that he was handsome and even better; he was at least three inches taller than she was. Then again, he'd said he found her attractive ... 

So she made her decision and it seemed simple enough.

"Um, I can't invite you in for coffee or sodas since my parents are still up watching TV. But the screened porch is available. I mean my folks are on the other side of the house watching, you know? We could have some privacy ..."

"Sure," Brody said, grateful for the moment to remain in Millie's presence and touched her arm as they rose up and headed for her porch.

Millicent shivered at the touch and Brody kept his fingers there, slowly moving them up and down. "We ... we could sit on the swing. I'm pretty sure no one will be coming in at this hour."

And so, having survived the disaster of being discovered peeking in her window, he sat down beside her on the creaky swing.

Brody laughed and Millicent giggled. "Yeah, it could be a problem," she said, leaving him with all sorts of scenarios running through his mind.

He glanced around the porch, saw two wicker arm chairs that wouldn't make anywhere near as much noise, but didn't mention it. Instead he said, "Your parents are at the other end of the house?"

"Oh, yeah and they'll stay there until eleven fifteen, and then it's off to bed for them."

"Will they check on you?"

"Oh, no! I have my privacy, you know!"

They both laughed at that and his hand continued its slow movement along her arm without any objection from Millie.

"So you must have a dozen guys wanting to take you out," Brody said.

"Well," she said, but then paused.

"What?" he pressed.

"There was a guy ... his name was Ricky. He lived in Tallahassee, but he moved to Louisville, that's in Tennessee."

"I know," Brody said softly and then took a chance and kissed the inside of her elbow.

"OH!"

"Was Ricky a steady boyfriend?"

"Not really. I mean, I liked him. I liked him a lot, but he ..."

"He what, Millie?"

"I'd rather not say," she replied and tightened the raincoat around her, although she did not button any buttons.

"He wanted you to go all the way, am I right?"

"Yeah ... all he seemed to want was sex."

"That's what most guys want from a girl, Annie."

"That's not true," she said.

"Yes it is," Brody answered, "I mean, honestly I wanted to have sex with you from the first time I saw you in class. Last night I would have done anything to do it with you, and I say this hoping you don't slap me in the face, and leave me sitting here alone."

Millie was stunned by this admission and asked him a question of her own. "Why did you--um, masturbate and leave your sperm on the Oak tree?"

It was his turn to be stunned, and more than a minute passed before he could form a reply.

"Millicent ... I'm terribly sorry that you saw that ... that stuff on the tree. But it wasn't me. It was Slattery."

"Oh, really?" although she sounded disappointed at this revelation, Brody didn't notice it and continued his protest. "Honestly, it was him and not me. I was surprised at what he did. I'll admit I could have done it. Maybe I would have if he hadn't, but I didn't, I swear to you."

Millie was quiet for a time then went on as if nothing had been said about the semen on the tree. "He was always trying to paw me, you know? I--I mean this was even before my breasts popped out."

Relieved that she was no longer accusing him of masturbating on her tree, Brody said, "Can I ask you a tough question?" Millicent nodded, "Of course."

"If he hadn't moved to Tennessee would you two have ...?"

"Maybe ... I don't know," she left it hanging for a full three seconds. "But I'll tell you something."

"What's that?"

"I like that you listen to me. Ricky hardly ever listened."

"Hmmm, well Millicent, I know this, a girl should be treated with respect. Especially if you're dating her. Especially then!"

If you were my girl I'd definitely show you the respect you deserve."

"You would?" Her hand landed lightly on his upper thigh and she smiled at him.

The smile quickly turned into a frown and she said, "But you must have a girl already. Maybe several ... I mean a guy as good-looking ..." she realized she was in dangerous waters courtship-wise and shut up.

"No, as a matter of fact, I don't. I have had some girlfriends, I admit it. Several of them, but at the moment I'm not seeing anyone."

"Do you tell this to all the girls? Come on, you can tell me the truth."

"What I tell, or what I've told other girls doesn't matter, Millicent. I'd like to become your boyfriend. And I won't lie to you. Of course I don't want you lying to me either."

"Oh, I won't," she blurted quickly, telling him more than she realized.

Brody didn't hesitate and kissed her the moment she finished speaking. No tongue, Not hard, but very softly, and held his lips there until she broke away. 

He had counted the seconds until she did--twenty-four of them. It was obvious she had enjoyed the kiss for she gave him another of those special smiles and said, "Will you be nice to me?"

"Yes, I'll be nice to you."

"Will you care for me?"

"Are you asking me to marry you, Millicent?"

She started to laugh. "No ... not tonight."

"You had me worried there for a minute," he said and laughed along with her.

"You want to know something?"

"Sure."

"My ex ...Ricky?"

"Yes?"

"I was going to give him my virginity. But he never made me feel loved; never. And here I meet you and I feel loved already. I really do."

Brody held his silence as all sorts of things sexual raced through his mind.

Millicent was silent for several long seconds, then said, "Arghh...I shouldn't say anything else."

"Oh, come on, don't leave me dangling there. Finish what you were going to say."

"Well, I'm not exactly a virgin."

Brody wasn't quite sure what she meant, was she a virgin or wasn't she?

He used a tactic that had served him well in his discourse with Millie and waited.

She came up with the perfect non-answer. 

"Would you like to fool around here ... on the porch?"

Millie slowly took his hand and brought it inside her raincoat. Brody's hand moved deeper of its own accord, and Millie parted her legs to accommodate him. Brody came in contact with her warm panties and thought he felt a little moisture. He began rubbing her pussy through the panties. Moments later she jerked and he realized her panties were definitely wetter.

There was another jerk and she grabbed his hand, preventing it from moving over her sex. "Not too rough, okay?"

"Let me see it," he whispered reverently.

"Huh?" she gasped, not quite understanding, but she released his hand allowing it the freedom to roam over her genitals again.

"C'mon, Millie," I pleaded, "Let me see it."

"Oh ..." Thinking he wanted a closer look at her breasts she opened the raincoat all the way. "I bought the undies special for tonight."

"Did you?" he murmured as he dared to scoop the left breast from its confining cup.

"Can I kiss it?"

"Ohhh, please ..."

"Is that a yes?"

She forced the breast against his mouth and Brody began to lick and suck on her distended nipple. Millie moaned with satisfaction. It would not be the last time she would do so.

After several minutes of hard and tender nursing she asked him to do the same to the other breast, and of course, he did.

"That's good--that's nice ..." she said repeatedly. And when she raised herself up somewhat, and there was just enough light available from a street light across the street for him to discern a furred thatch behind the dampened spot on her crotch. 

Brody, not all that skilled in making love, and a virgin himself, leaned in and placed a fingertip directly in the cleft between her labia.

"OHHH!" she sighed. 

This led him to think he was the first one to actually touch her there.

Millicent made no move to pull the coat closed again and so he let his finger prod her opening through the panties.

"Want me to make you feel wonderful, Millicent?"

Millie could only think of how wonderful Cindy and her mother had made her feel in their lesbian activities. "Mmmm, yesssss!" she replied in a tiny voice.

Brody began rubbing her pussy with the tips of his fingers. While it felt nice, it lacked the certain knowledge of how and where to touch that Cindy had wrung such unmatched pleasure from her pussy and clit.

Still, Millicent was hot and horny. A few almost there touches had fired her imagination and she began clawing at his wrist in a vain attempt to guide him to more volatile parts of her genitals.

Realizing that they were both inept to some degree, Millie, breathing hard asked: Are ... are you hard?"

"Yes I am," he said, and hurriedly tugged his shorts down then took her hand. Millie couldn't believe she was about to touch her first cock. 

Millie's breath stopped in her throat when she saw the shape of his cock through his underwear. She saw the dark patch where the tip of his penis strained against his shorts and touched it with a fingertip. His body jerked and she froze and glanced at him, scared she'd hurt him, but his eyes were closed, his jaw slack and his hand still clenched in her hair so she guessed everything was okay.

Millie wasn't sure what to do next and Brody looked at her, raised an eyebrow and licked his lips, and she nodded as he pulled his shorts down, excited to see it, to know what all the fuss was about.

His erection sprang forth glistening with precum and rock hard. Millie swallowed hard at the size of him, all six quivering inches. She ached to touch him, and yet did not dare. 

"I'm shaking." She whispered, feeling faint at the nearness of his male appendage. 

"So am I," Brody said still looking at her, and she once again felt her heart skip a beat. She was so incredibly hot. 

"Do you want to touch me?" he asked. 

Millicent's eyes flew open and she replied excitedly, "Oh, my God, yes ..." 

He pushed his hips out, trying to present his manhood to her without being gross about it.

Millicent reached out and caressed his rigid shaft with her fingers, loving the feel of the smooth skin beneath her hand. Closing her hand around him, she automatically began to stroke him.

"I thought ..." she started to say.

"What?"

"Huh?" she responded dreamily.

"You--you were going to ask me something. You started to say, 'I thought,' but stopped."

"Oh, yeah ... I thought men's penis's ... is that right for penis plural?"

"Damned if I know."

"Um, well ... I thought they all looked like tiny helmets at the top, you know?"

"Um, I think you're confusing circumcised with uncircumcised."

"Mmmm, and the difference is?"

"I think it's partly a religious thing that the Jewish people started practicing before the Old Testament. But it had cleanliness ramifications too. The foreskin ... that's what they cut off collects stuff, you know?"

Millie nodded although she wouldn't grasp his meaning until later that night when she replayed virtually every word spoken during their time together.

"So you're not cut, err, circumcised?"

"No I'm not, but look," he quickly skinned his foreskin back revealing his cockhead.

OHHH! Can I--Can I touch you?"

"Certainly, you let me touch you."

To accommodate her further, Brody eased his balls out of the shorts as well and stood still while she inspected him further.

Millie started by caressing his testicles with her fingertips, and then ran them along the inner portion of his thigh.

Brody groaned.

"Did I hurt you?"

"No--No, it's just--your touch is exquisite."

Millie was taken aback by his words and the sudden thrill that rocketed through her ending up at her clit.

When she was capable of further exploration, and that was a full minute later, she began to run her fingers along his shaft, marveling at the combination of velvety softness and steel-like tension in his instrument of love.

Unconsciously she pursed her lips as she wished she had the courage to run her tongue up and down his cock and take him into her mouth to taste him.

Instead, she did something that neither of them ever forgot--picking up one of his hands and slowly taking the middle finger into her mouth. With her eyes closed she nibbled on the ends, sliding her tongue up and down all sides of his finger, listening with delight as Brody moaned and his fingers gripped her hair and his hips lifted a little, letting her know he liked what she was doing.

The moaning caused her to open her eyes and watch his reaction to her giving his finger head. Emboldened by what she saw, Millie took a second finger into her mouth and sucked on both of them. Brody's moans turned to groans and Millie thinking he needed a variation--a term she'd heard Ellen use several times during Millie's seduction--sent her tongue darting between the fingers, using one hand to hold them in his mouth and the other hand to fondle his balls.

"JESUS!" Brody gasped as his hand drifted upward to touch his chest and he breathed a long breath out as Millie accepted a third finger into her mouth, gently sucking all three. 

Brody's hand repeatedly came upward to touch his chest as if he was overheating. He looked so peaceful. His eyes closed and his head relaxed gently to one side. Gradually Millie began to release his fingers until she was back to the original finger she had started with; giving it one last long suck before releasing it altogether. 

Brody went after her breast licking the underside of each one, and then kissing and licking his way between them, and only then returning to her nipples which each vied for his attention, leaving Millie's breasts coated with Brody's saliva.

Millie she took his hardon in hand and slowly began jerking him off. Brody was already wriggling his fingers into her panties, inadvertently gliding over her clitoris before sinking into the hot, wet entrance of her cunt.

Had they watched themselves from a certain point-of-view perspective they would no doubt have found it hysterically funny to see her hand speed up whenever he slowed his fingers down.

"Whoa! I'm gonna shoot off, Millie!"

"What? What?" she cried out not understanding him.

"Just squeeze me tightly--please!"

She stopped stoking but did squeeze his cock as requested. Brody calmed down a little and managed to restrain himself from cumming just then.

"Are you close, Millie?"

She nearly swooned. He'd asked about her orgasm!

"I--I'm close, sweetie! I'm very close!"

"How can I help?"

"Could--could you--um, kiss me down there?"

She wants me to eat her out! Jesus ... how the fuck do I ...?

But he tried his best and that wasn't half bad as Millie later told Cindy.

After she grunted and shivered on his mouth she recaptured his penis and stroked him rapidly.

"Tell me--tell me when you're gonna cum!"

"I—I—I'm cumming!"

"I wanna see!"

He stood up and positioned himself right in front of her, between her legs. Millie pressed her wet pussy against him while rubbing it frantically.

He heard her moans as his balls churned up the semen he would soon be spewing out.

"Hands--hold your hands out!"

She did and Brody ejaculated on all ten fingers as well as her wrist and arm up to the elbow. She was thankful she'd taken her raincoat off to display her body to him and avoided any cum stains on it that her mother might notice.

He groaned continuously until he finished cumming and then in a stroke of genius, he jammed his face between her legs pried her sexy panties to one side and ate her to another climax. After Millie finished shuddering from her tumultuous climax, she paused to examine the sperm coating her fingers and arm.

"Taste it," Brody teased.

"You think?"

"You know you want too."

"I know curiosity killed the cat," Millie said with a smile. Her pussy was still tingling, but without another word she dragged her tongue along her arm—very cat-like—and sampled Brody's semen.

"Mmmm, a little salty, not pleasant though. I thought it would have a sexy taste to it."

"Give me a couple minutes and we can fuck out here." He pointed to the wicker arm chair. "We can use that chair."

"Too much noise," she said knowingly.

"I meant you can lean on it and I'll take you from behind. Not too much noise."

"Let's suck face first," she said and Brody, his hopes rising along with his cock smiled and began kissing his new girlfriend.

Later when Cindy asked, Millie couldn't remember when he'd entered her pussy, but she certainly remembered the amount of cum that continued to trickle out of her the rest of the night. 

Cindy & Slattery

The walk to Cindy's house seemed to take forever. Slattery was embarrassed because he had to walk his bicycle alongside her. But it afforded him an opportunity to both talk and study Cindy at the same time.

She was wearing a pleated mini-skirt and a loose lavender colored cotton tank top style blouse. As promised, no parent greeted them at the door. He 'parked' his bike and stepped inside, nervously looking all around as if her father or mother was lying in wait for him to walk into the living room.

"Follow me," Cindy said as she led the way to her room, shaking her ass every step of the way. Slattery wanted to reach out and grab it, but his nervousness prevented his doing so.

Cindy's was a very girly girl room: a four-poster bed with a frilly pink canopy, little knickknacks and assortments of perfumes and make-up arrayed on all the dresser tops. Of course there were no dirty clothes lying around like in Slats own room, but on the dress sat a huge vibrator on its charging unit. There was one other item seemingly out of place—a pair of tiny pink underwear lying on the floor right next to her bed. 

There was no way Slattery wasn't going to see them lying there, just like there was no way he was going to not notice as Cindy lay down on the bed that she didn't have any underwear on. 
