 Tom had just started waking after surgery, he felt really groggy, and thirsty too. He buzzed for the nurse to see if he could have some water.

The nurse walked in and introduced herself as Amber. She got Tom a glass of water and told him to drink it slowly. 

Tom was feeling much more awake now and started to look more closely at his young nurse. Amber was very attractive, short brown hair, pretty eyes, small breast, which Tom preferred, and a really nice ass. 

Amber noticed Tom checking her out but didn't say anything to upset him, it was somewhat normal for patients to look at nurses, and many have fantisies about their nurses, when you think about it , it only seems natural. You have someone caring for you, trying to make you feel more comfortable.

The main reason she didn't say anything though was because she had already checked out Tom while he was sleeping. Only fair that he be allowed to check her out as well.

Amber had recently broken up with her boyfriend, she found him in bed with her roommate, so she dumped him, and told the roommate to move out, it was after all, her apartment.

That was about 2 months ago, and she wasn't in a hurry to get back to dating, she was going to spend some time alone, but she was horny as hell.

Amber had always enjoyed her sex, and her vibrator was just not doing it for her anymore. She wanted the feel of a real cock again, but she didn't want to go looking for some guy just to fuck. 

So amber started thinking about her male patients, she always did a lot for her patients, maybe she could get something in return.

She had to be careful though, she couldn't just climb into bed with any guy she wanted, her job was very important to her, she couldn't risk that for her own pleasure.

Amber had started looking over the patients personal info a little closer, she didn't want to ruin any marriages, she also didn't want a patient with a bad heart dying while screwing her, that would be very bad indeed.

When she read Tom's file, single, he had no relatives that lived close by, no heart issues, no STD's, he seemed like he might do nicely.

So when he arrived in his room after surgery, she had to check on his condition, and of course he would be out cold for a while longer. She raised his johnny and saw his cock, it was a very good size even being limp. 

She locked the door and came back to the bed, she started stroking his cock, watching his face to make certain he was still out of it.

He had a Catheter in his penis, so she had to be careful, his cock started growing and she was getting wet watching his cock grow in size, he had a good 9 inches, she had to stop, but she knew she would have to have him.

Tom finished his water and thanked Amber, he told her she was very nice.

She made some small talk, asked about his family. 

He told her they all lived back home in FL., he had moved to MA. for work. He would be going to FL. for a vacation in a couple of months.

He was getting tired so she told him to rest and she would check back on him later.

Tom fell fast asleep and started to dream, he was dreaming about his nurse Amber. He was really aroused by her in a strange way, what was it about her. 

In his dream he could feel her touching him, stroking his cock, but he felt like he couldn't do anything in return, the dream faded away and he continued to sleep.

When Tom woke up his Catheter was gone, he buzzed the nurse and a different nurse walked in and told him the Doctor had said that it was alright to remove it.

Who removed it Tom asked, just curious.

Your last nurse Amber would have done that, she did it while you were sleeping, she didn't want to disturb you. 

Tom remembered his dream, had that been what he felt in the dream, Amber was actually holding his cock in the dream.

The night couldn't arrive quick enough for Tom. He had asked about Amber and was told she was on duty tonight. He was looking forward to seeing her again, she was now the girl in his dreams, he wanted more, every time he thought of her his cock would twitch. After all he was a single guy, and very horny.

Amber spent her day thinking about Tom and his nice cock, how she would love to suck his cock and to ride him.

She had caught him looking at her several times, was he as interested in her as she was him, she wondered.

How could she go about doing this, it was taboo, fucking a patient.

As she was thinking about Tom she reached for the drawer to her nightstand and pulled out her favorite dildo, she thought it was about the same size as Tom's cock.

She grabbed some lube and parted her legs wide, she spread her pussylips apart and slowly inserted the fake cock inside. Slowly in and out, long slow strokes, she closed her eyes and thought of Tom's nice hard cock.

She started calling out his name, Tom, fuck me Tom, ram your big cock inside me, faster and faster, she worked the cock in and out.

The closer she came to orgasm, the more she felt she had to have Tom's real cock inside of her, and once she decided she would do it she started cumming, she couldn't remember the last time she came that strongly.

When Amber got to work she found out some good news, 2 patients had gone home that day, so it would be a bit easier to take care of the patients.

She also figured it would help her try and get Tom's cock deep inside her pussy.

When Amber walked into Tom's room he sat right up and smiled, ah, my favorite nurse he said. 

Amber smiled back and said my favorite patient, but don't tell the others, I don't want any bad feelings.

She asked him how he was feeling, and if he needed her to do anything for him.

He knew what he would like her to do, but, he couldn't just say how about sucking my cock.

He told her his throat was dry so she suggested a popsicle to suck on, and told him she might join him also, she liked popsicles.

Amber walked out of the room and Tom was unsure, was she flirting with him, was she giving him a signal in some way.

Amber knew she had his interest, when she mentioned sucking popsicles, his eyes almost popped out of his head, and she could swear she noticed his cock twitch under the sheets.

She decided to undo a button on her top before returning to his room. 

When she got to Tom's room she told him she was going to lock the door, she didn't want the other nurse on duty to see her sucking a popsicle while on duty. 

Amber asked if she could sit next to Tom on the bed.

Tom gladly moved over, I could get in real trouble for this, you won't tell on me Tom, I can trust you, can't I.

Amber handed Tom one of the popsicles, and started sucking on hers, she was almost deepthroating the popsicle like a cock, as she sucked on the popsicle she watched the sheets, sure enough, she was having the desired effect she wanted.

Tom's cock started getting erect, there was no hiding it, the sheet was tenting up, and Tom could see her looking at his cock.

Amber looked at Tom and said, it looks like you have some swelling, maybe I should take a look at that, after all, I am a nurse.

Before Tom could say anything she had the sheets pulled back, and instead of sucking on a popsicle, she had his cock in her mouth and was sucking and pumping his cock with her hand.

Tom reached his hand over and felt her tits, he could feel her nipples through her top, he undid another button and slid his fingers inside, she let out a slight moan at his touch, he rolled her nipple between his fingers. He then noticed that she had her hand between her legs stroking her pussy.

Tom told Amber he had to have her.

Amber got up off the bed and stipped off her nurses uniform, she told him it would have to be quick, and he had to promise to be quiet.

Amber climbed onto the bed and straddled Tom, she was already soaking wet, just thinking about fucking Tom. Just like she had done with her dildo earlier that day she slowly inserted the cock, only this time it was real.

His cock was actually bigger than the dildo was, he was more like 10 inches long and thicker than the dildo. 

Tom reached for her nipples and pinched them and she let out a quiet moan, her pussy was so wet.

He couldn't believe this was happening, this hot young nurse was actually fucking him, in his hospital bed.

He noticed she was using her fingers rubbing her clit as she rode his cock, the pace picked up a little, she started cumming, her juices were soaking the sheets, she knew he was close so she climbed off quickly.

Amber wanted his cock in her mouth, she could taste her own cuntjuices as she sucked him in deep. She sucked his cock into her throat, just as he blew his load, she started swallowing every drop.

Amber got dressed, gave Tom a kiss, she told him you are going home tomorrow, but she left her phone number and told him to call, she'll bring the popsicles.