 Ali and I were married! 

Finally, after the months and months of waiting, we were husband and wife. Tonight was the night! I was finally going to get to be with my man, finally allowed to sleep with the person I had come to love so much. Only to have to endure a five-hour wedding reception for six hundred guests in the fanciest hotel in town. 

"If I've waited this long..." I thought, not a little desperately. But then there was something about being the center of attention, wearing a once-in-a-lifetime dress, finally seeing all the planning materialized in a beautiful, romantic evening. Everything so far had gone perfectly to plan, from the quiet, family-only ceremony in the morning to cutting the tiered, white chocolate wedding cake just minutes ago. 

As a group of relatives I didn't recognize climbed the stage to pose for a picture with Ali and me as the night wound down, my brand new husband leaned close to my ear and whispered, "Do you know these people?" 

I laughed, and said, "I thought they were from your side." Bound to happen at a wedding this size, I supposed.

"Say cheese!" trilled the increasingly irritating photographer. My face was starting to hurt from all the smiling. Not that I wasn't ecstatically happy. I was just getting increasingly anxious about being alone with Ali, about finally having sex with him. It wasn't as though I hadn't fantasized about it endlessly, seeing it again and again in my mind's eye as I masturbated with increasing anticipation every night. We had been alone many times before, but not since I had cheated on him with Jane. 

I couldn't decide if it even counted as cheating, since it was with a woman. I couldn't decide if I should tell him or just convince myself it never happened. If I did tell him, would Ali be more angry at the fact that I had slept with someone else, or that that someone was female? Jane and I were perfectly clear that our one night of passion didn't mean we wanted a relationship; it was just that, a night of passion and physical love between two friends who desperately needed to get laid. I knew I wasn't a lesbian, but would Ali be frightened by my unexpected sexual openness? I didn't want to disappoint him so early in our relationship, before we had a chance to build something of our own. But I didn't know how long I could last, keeping such a secret to myself.

And then there was the anticipation of the sex itself. Could it possibly live up to everything I had dreamed of? Would Ali be the lover I had fantasized about since I hit puberty? Would I be able to please him, or would he be disappointed? Could he somehow sense that I had more experience than he had previously thought?

It was with this maelstrom of emotions: guilt, love, shame, desire, anxiety, and happiness, that I walked into the elevator with Ali, hand in hand, as we waved goodbye to the crowd of crying, happy loved ones. This was it! We were going up to our honeymoon suite, for what felt like the culminating night of my entire life. As soon as the elevator doors slid closed, Ali and I reached for one another in our first embrace as a married couple.

"I love you, baby," Ali whispered into my neck, as a hot stab of guilt struck deep in my stomach. "I'm so happy you're finally mine."

"I love you too, so much," I said, just before I kissed him lightly, hoping to convey with a kiss all the things I was too afraid to say.

We finally made it up to our penthouse suite, a gift from Ali's parents, and we followed the trail of rose petals to our door. Ali opened the door, and to my surprise, picked me up, twenty-five pounds of embroidered silk and all. He carried me over the threshold and gently set me down before turning around to lock the door. Ali turned around, and with a soft smile playing across his lips and an inscrutable look in his eyes, he walked over to me where I stood in the center of the candlelit room, and he said to me, "Well, here we are."

"Yes," I said, heart still pounding from our elevator kiss. "I almost can't believe it." I looked down, the meaning of the look in his eyes suddenly becoming clear -- it was desire, uncloaked and unrestrained. Surprisingly, I felt shy in front of him, for the first time I could remember. His light touch on my chin guided my face upwards again, and seeing the lust in Ali's eyes reignited every flame in my body. A split second later, we were kissing fiercely, Ali pressing my body to his with an intensity that finally reflected my own. 

Before I realized it, my heavy embroidered veil had fallen to the plush ivory carpet, and Ali's hands had somehow managed to untangle my hair from its hairpins. We were both murmuring and sighing with pleasure as our tongues teased each other, stroking against each other in a way that gave me goosebumps. He held my head gently, his fingers wound in my hair as I allowed him deeper and deeper entry to my mouth. 

As I purred with pleasure Ali sucked my lower lip, grazing it with his tongue before he thrust it back between my lips, searching for my tongue again. His caresses were making my nipples poke painfully at the underside of my heavily embroidered blouse and my pussy throb with anticipation. I kissed his tongue as it entered my mouth, using my lips to surround and suck it. Ali made a rumbling sound in his chest, and I pulled a little away from him, using my tongue to trace an outline on his lips. Our lips met again, kissing one last time, gentler and softer now, before we drew apart.

There was a feeling of relief as the edge of our passion had been taken off. A little breathlessly, Ali brushed a strand of hair away from my face, saying, "You are amazing. I am so lucky to have you as my wife." 

Without responding, I slowly lowered myself in front of him, running my hands over his long silk tunic, feeling the heat of his flesh through the black material. I knelt on the floor, almost penitent, with my deep burgundy and gold skirt pooling on the carpet around me. My hands had stopped on Ali's thighs, my face level with his crotch. As I moved one hand lightly over the bulge that was already visible there, I looked up to see Ali suck in his stomach, and breathe out hard through his nose. "Oh god, Meetra," he whispered as I cupped my hand over his constrained erection, feeling him throb through the thin silk of his tunic and trousers. 

I felt Ali tense his muscles before he pulled the tunic over his head, revealing broad, toned muscles gliding under bronze skin. His hands made fists at his sides as I began to kiss his stomach, rubbing his thighs with a little more pressure now. Ali's eyes closed and his face turned upward as he struggled to maintain control. I traced circles around his navel with my tongue, sucking and nibbling his skin. I grasped his hips and begin to kiss just below his belly button, following the trail of fine black hairs that eventually disappeared under the drawstring waist of his black silk trousers, and I heard Ali let out a soft moan. 

Ali was now breathing like he had raced up several flights of stairs, and when I paused and drew away from him, he finally opened his eyes and looked down at me, a thin sheen of sweat glistening on his forehead. 

"Are you ready?" I asked. Ali nodded his head, his neck muscles cording with anticipation. 

"Take it out," I whispered breathlessly, my eyes fixed on his crotch, "come on, show me your cock, baby."

My heartbeat quickened under my breast as Ali unclenched one fist and slid his hand under the drawstring of his Indian pyjamas. With a soft rustle of silk, he tugged the waist down and hooked it under his sack, his hard penis springing up and out as he did so, finally free of its confines. I stared entranced at eight inches of thick, veined, bronze cock sprouting from a neatly trimmed thicket of black curls, as Ali's broad hand pumped it into an almost upright angle. 

"Oh yes," I murmured, feeling a warm buzzing begin in my pussy. 

"You like my cock, Meets?" grunted Ali, placing both of hands on his hips, thrusting his pelvis towards my face, "You wanna taste my cock?"

I didn't waste time by answering. I grasped the base of his cock with my right hand, middle finger and thumb just barely making a circle around his girth, and I grabbed his clenched ass with my left hand. Starting very slowly to slide my hand up and down his hard rod, I placed my lips, shaped in a round O, just around the tip of his penis, tasting his saltiness with my tongue. Ali exhaled, watching my every move. I stopped my stroking and concentrated on sucking the pink, shiny head of his cock. I sucked my cheeks in, massaging his flesh with my tongue, flicking against his tip. 

"Oh fuck Meets, you feel so good..." groaned Ali, sweat beading on his temple. There was a loud pop as I pulled his penis out of my mouth, and then I began to lick the underside of his cock, concentrating on the spot where the head met the shaft. I used my hand to spread the wetness all over his cock, and then started to plunge the tip of his cock into my mouth rapidly as I stroked the shaft. Ali was biting his lip, a little moan escaping him now and then. I could tell he was getting close to coming, because he had started to buck his hips just slightly, matching the rhythm of my pumping. As I slid his cock in and out of my mouth, sucking it slightly, teasing the underside with my tongue, Ali suddenly grasped my head, winding his hands into my hair.

I started to hum with pleasure as he thrust me deeper and deeper onto his cock, the vibration making him shudder as he thrust. I was getting increasingly wet, wanting to feel his cock thrusting deeper and deeper into my pussy. Ali was almost yelling, "Oh yeah, come on baby, yeah, oh, oh, oh, I'm gonna come, Meets, I'm gonna come..." 

And he came, spurting his hot load down my throat. I didn't stop sucking his twitching cock, wanting every last drop in me, until I felt Ali's grip loosen on my head. Ali's breathing started to slow down now, and his cock, though still hard, drooped a little in my mouth. 

With a final suck and swallow, I released his penis from my mouth, and stood up, feeling a little dizzy as the blood drained from my head. I looked up into Ali's half-closed eyes as he wrapped me in his arms, still shaking from his orgasm. "I love you, I love you so much," he kept mumbling into my neck.

I waited for him to stop shaking, and then I said, "Why don't you go lie down for a bit? I can change out of these clothes and then, maybe..." I couldn't keep the mischief out of my eyes.

"Then it's your turn," Ali said with a grin, pecking me on the lips, and, tucking his cock back into his pants, he walked towards the bedroom. I poured myself a glass of water from the chilled bottles of Evian in the mini fridge, and then shut myself into the bathroom/dressing room, where all my things had been thoughtfully laid out by my bridesmaids. 

I stepped out of my dress, hanging it up carefully, and stripped until I was naked. After taking a quick sponge-bath, I rubbed in some of the delicious smelling lotion I had received at my bridal shower, not neglecting any part of my body. I massaged the lotion into my aching feet and up my legs, carefully avoiding the still-throbbing heat of my pussy, Brazilian waxed for the occasion. I was sure any touch there would send me over the edge at this point. As I smoothed the cool cream over my arms and chest, I looked in the mirror, admiring what I saw. 

My body was slender, more so than usual due to my pre-wedding workout regimen. The weight loss made me look even taller than my five feet, eight inches. My hair, jet black and shining from the salon blowout, spilled down my shoulders and back in a cascade of shimmering waves, framing my face with a few romantic wisps. My skin was an even golden-brown, glistening from the lotion. 

Working out had also toned my body, and what had been soft before was now firm and taut. My hips were wide, like all the women in my family, and my waist became narrow just above the navel. My breasts, my favorite feature of my body, were round and prominent, not too large for my frame, but more than adequate to be a handful for Ali's broad palms. The areolas were wide and soft brown, deepening to chocolate at the nipples, which were plump and erect from the cold lotion.

I looked into my face, still a little flushed from recent activities. My eyes, large and clear brown, surrounded by thick black lashes, looked a little apprehensive, as though unsure of the future. My nose was straight but prominent, and my mouth was wide and full, the lips a natural rosy mauve shade. I applied a little makeup, just enough to hide the day's tiredness. 

After a quick swipe of sheer lipstick, I reached for the hanger on the back of the door. I slipped on the matching lacy thong and bra, both in a understated dark gray, which brought out the pink tones in my skin. Next came a matching sheer, pleated, chiffon gown, which had a side slit right up to my hip. It flowed like smoke as I twirled in front of the mirror. I stepped into a pair of dull gold boudoir slippers, a little difficult to manage in the plush carpet, and with a final appraising glance in the mirror, I stepped out.

The lamps had been dimmed, and the only light shone through the open door of the bedroom. As I walked closer, I could see that the room was only lit with candles, probably hundreds of white votives on every horizontal surface in the room, interspersed with bunches of white roses and lilies. The bed was covered in crisp white linens and heaped with plump pillows, and there was soft music playing from unseen speakers. It was perfect, and as I stood in the doorway my eyes began to fill with tears, realizing that Ali had arranged it all without my knowledge, to surprise me. 

Just then I felt Ali walk up behind me, enclosing me in his strong arms. "Do you like it?" he asked, his lips brushing my neck. "It's perfect," I said, my voice almost breaking with emotion, "Thank you, Ali, it's absolutely perfect." He loosened his hold on me, swinging me by the hand around so we were face to face. I saw that he was dressed in black boxer briefs, some delicious perfume, and nothing else. He looked at me appreciatively up and down, twirling me to see every angle. "You look ravishing," he said softly, something of that lustful look returning to his eyes, "just like I had imagined." 

Ali lead me by the hand, gesturing to the foot of bed. I sat down, Ali right next to me, my skin electric with anticipation. This was finally the moment I had been waiting for; Ali and I were going to make love. Very gently, he pushed my hair off my back and over one shoulder, exposing my neck and the deep cut of the gown revealing my back. He ran his hands over my body, cupping my ass and caressing my leg where it was exposed through the slit. I turned away, and Ali slowly began to caress my neck and my back, first with his fingers, and then with his mouth. It was as though we had made love a hundred times before; Ali knew just how much pressure felt right, just the spots that would send bolts of pleasure from my pussy all over my body. 

My mouth was open as I started to breathe more deeply, my eyes closed to focus on the delicious sensations. Ali's lips left a trail of fire on my skin, and as he sucked a particularly sensitive area on my neck, his hands reached up and slid the straps of my gown off my shoulders, allowing the gown to puddle around my waist. Still kissing my neck, Ali traced his fingers down my arms, and then, grazing them over my lace-clad breasts, he moved to the bra's clasp nestled between them. Before I knew it my breasts had sprung free, and Ali lightly cupped them in his large, warm hands. 

A moan slipped from my lips as he massaged my breasts while still sucking my neck. My pussy was getting very wet, and my thong had long since soaked through with arousal. Ali rolled my already swollen nipples in his fingers, and they grew hard with his attentions. I couldn't help but cover Ali's hands with my own, encouraging him to be rougher, and squeeze my breasts with more ferocity. "Ali...I can't take any more, please, please make love to me!" I said, hardly able to get the words out between ragged breaths.

Without a word, Ali stood up and deftly raised me onto the bed, my chiffon gown slipping off and falling to the floor. I shrugged off my bra and settled into the nest of pillows at the head of the enormous bed, propping myself onto my elbows, heart pounding as Ali crawled onto the bed as well. With an intent look on his face, Ali pulled the lacy thong off me, his fingers grazing a line of fire down the length of my legs. Finally, it was off, and I was completely naked, lying on the clean white duvet, my hair spread out like a storm cloud on the pristine pillow cover. 

Ali crawled and crouched so that his face was mere inches from my pussy. Echoing my words from earlier that evening, he asked, his voice husky with lust, "Are you ready, Meetra?" My heart skipped a beat. "Do it," I whispered, spreading my legs open before him, my pussy opening like a flower, revealing my sex and my arousal. I thought I heard Ali murmur, "Beautiful," before I drowned in ecstasy as he began to kiss me. 

He was sucking my pussy lips, puffy and wet with anticipation, and spreading them apart to reveal what lay within. He used a finger to dip inside my liquid vagina, spreading the fluid over my swollen clit. Ali began to lightly flick his tongue in circles around my clit, getting close but never touching it, driving me almost to madness. 

"Baby, please, I want more...I need more..." I moaned, and he immediately started tickling my clit with the tip of his tongue, feather touches that had me writhing on the bed. I used one hand to hang on to a pillow for dear life, while the other was rolling and pinching my nipples. As I got more and more vocal, Ali slipped a finger into my vagina, already dripping with my juices. As he plunged his finger in and out of me, Ali also began to suck my clitoris, taking the whole engorged button into his mouth and rolling it around with his tongue. At this point I had almost lost control; I had my hands wound in Ali's short black hair, and I was grinding my pussy into his face.

Ali fucked my pussy with his finger and sucked my clit, and it wasn't long before I came. It was the most intense orgasm, I had ever experienced, more mind-blowing than anything I was able to do myself, or even what I had experienced with Jane. I know I was screaming, but I can't remember if I was even forming words. Ali's mouth never left my pussy even as I thrashed and bucked against him in ecstasy. A minute later, when I collapsed onto the bed, a puddle of warm, golden liquid feeling, I was finally lucid enough to see that Ali was now standing, and he was pulling his boxer briefs down over his hips.

There it was again, that fine specimen of manhood, standing proudly to attention, its tip already glistening from arousal. Ali stood at the foot of the bed, spreading his precum over his cock with slow, steady strokes. Even through my post-orgasmic haze, I knew I had to have his cock in me right away. Ali was watching me stare at his cock, and he said, "You want my cock in you?" God, I loved it when he talked dirty, after all those months of pretending to be chaste...

My fingers were already rubbing my clit again, getting her ready for act two. "Get over here and fuck me already," I said, my voice low and husky with arousal. Ali didn't waste any time jumping up on bed, and once I had scooched myself up on some pillows, I watched as he kneeled before my spread legs. 

Using one hand to place the tip of his cock on my clit, he began to rub it in circles there, getting me even more excited then I already was, if possible. His penis was hot and hard, just like I had imagined it would be, and it teased and rubbed my clit, making me feel sensations I didn't think possible. Ali leaned forward, propping himself up on his free hand and started kissing me, on my mouth and neck, all the while murmuring little love sounds and flicking my clit with his cock. 
