 Jay came home about nine in the evening, feeling exhausted and slightly depressed from the way things went at work. Putting his brief case on the chair by the front door in the softly lit room, he walked into their living room where soft rock music played on their stereo system. He thought about having a drink until he looked around and spotted Crystal drinking a glass of soda as she stood in front of the sliding doors looking out over the backyard gardens they had planted three months ago. From where she stood one could see the entire backyard from the bright evening moonlight and the solar lights that gave the gardens pathway a slight glow and she was pleased at the way the roses, azaleas and variety of colorful lilies were growing beautifully. It was one of the first things they did to make their home friendlier from the outside.

Jay saw Crystal, as he walked up behind her still wearing the suit she had worn to work, a light tan jacket with a matching dark brown pinstripe skirt. As he put his right arm around his gorgeous lover's waist he discovered she was not wearing the silky peach blouse he had watched her put on that morning. He totally enjoyed the feel of her soft skin against his strong, slender fingers. With his left hand he took the glass she was holding to enjoy a couple of sips before putting it on the end table next to the recliner.

"My love, what do you have on your mind?" Jay inquired in his sexually alluring tone looking at her reflection in the glass door.

"Sweetie, I have many different things on my mind. How wonderful it's been to be married to you for these last six months, plus what a little temptress I can be at times, like this evening," Crystal teased with a wicked smile as she leaned back into his arms putting her head on his shoulder.

Crystal's body rubbed up against Jay's to let him know how much she wanted the pleasure that only lovers and married couples can enjoy together. This caused him to become partially aroused; the fact that the tan jacket was the only thing that covered her desirable body, along with the movement of her bottom against his growing erection. As he watched her reflection he could see that she was still wearing a peach lace bra over her nicely shaped 36C breasts and his hand danced its way under her jacket in search of her warm belly. With his hands on her soft skin, he spun her around to face him within his embrace gently drawing her closer to his aroused body, showing how much she could affect his moods.

Jay's temperament had changed from feeling depressed from everything that went wrong at work to a very sexually enticed attitude for all the possible pleasures yet to come this evening.

'Oh wow, this is such a nice surprise this evening. I needed something like this. I needed you, most of all,' he thought as he saw their reflections in the sliding glass doors.

Crystal laid her head on Jay's strong shoulder with her arms gradually encircling his waist. After a few moments of their warm embrace she raised her head to kiss him, and their passion grew with their tongues exploring each other's mouths and hands caressing each other's backs. Slowly her fingers worked their way under his jacket and pulled at his shirt, slowly pulling the shirt tail out of his pants for her fingers to touch his warm skin. Their simple foreplay brought a speedy rise of their sensual emotions to a full boiling point of unbridled desire.

While one hand started to caress her middle back in a downward motion to her waistline and his fingers of the other hand went under the waistband of her front button skirt. He discovered she was only wearing her stretch lace panties. He playfully twisted the skirt around to undo the only two buttons done, which allowed it to fall off her hips onto the hardwood floor. His hands caressed the smooth skin of her belly as his fingers pushed the peach lace panties down her legs. She wiggled her legs causing the panties to slip down to her ankles. When they were on her left foot she kicked them off sending them flying across the family room over to the couch.

Jay took his extremely aroused lover by the hand into the bedroom leaving a trail of their clothing behind as he discarded his own suit jacket followed by his tie. Crystal was very pleased to help him out of his clothes. Once in the bedroom doorway he removed her jacket letting it fall onto the floor. Backing up a few steps she returned the favor by pulling his shirt up over his head letting it drop on the area rug behind her and his arms falling down once again around her waist. With his chest now bare her fingers playfully pulled on several of his chest hairs. This little action resulted in Crystal receiving a playful swat on her nice round bottom.

"Ouch!" Crystal replied, just as playfully at the swat she'd just received.

Their playing resulted in her fingers getting entangled into his full head of red wavy hair, which was a little on the long side. She pulled on his hair to bring his lips closer to hers, where they met for another lover's mischievous kiss. As their kiss intensified Jay moved them a few steps towards the king size bed. They fell onto it breaking their embrace and laughing at their silly playful actions.

Jay was still aroused after what he saw under Crystal's jacket in the sliding glass door reflection, that lovely peach lace bra with her nipples straining against the seams. He started to kiss along her jaw line from her right ear down her neck. With each of his kisses her fingers caressed his back in ever widening circles across his shoulder blades and the butterflies in her tummy were in full flight.

As his wets lips touched her skin she started moaning softly at first, with his hands manipulating her bra straps off her shoulders one by one. His kisses continued to the tip of her hardening peaks as they were revealed to his lips. Her moans became fully overwhelming deep moans of pleasure while his teeth grabbed her hardened nipple. He continued to tease her nipples with his tongue flicking over them before starting to suckle on them between his teeth and hungry moist lips. As the teasing continued her fingernails started to dig into his skin and his teeth gripped her nipple tighter.

His fingers slowly and playfully made their way to the front hooks on her bra to release the treasures he was seeking. His hands moved down to caress her tummy as his fingers tickled her when they moved back up her sides to her shoulders. When his fingers became entwined in her bra straps he pushed them down to her forearms. With her arms finally free of her lingerie, Jay placed Crystal's hands on the waistband of his pants as he moved closer to her.

They were lying on their sides as Crystal's fingers moved around his waistline to open his belt buckle, unfasten the button before she could open the zipper in his pants. Her fingers slipped under the waistband of his briefs as she pushed them both off his waist. She had a small problem sliding them down until he lifted his hips for her fingers to complete their task. Once the pants were passed the hips she shifted her position to playfully pull the hem of the first pants leg off his left leg, then she removed the right leg. Next she pulled his socks off before tickling his legs and she saw in his smile that this was only the beginning of the night's events. Moving into a position, she began to kiss and lick his left leg up to his ever rising erection, where she friskily kissed his balls. As she started the same licking caresses down his right leg when Jay's left leg trapped her between his strong tan legs.

Jay sat up to take hold of her shoulders to pull her up the length of his body with his long enlarged cock tickling her tits, tummy until finally her mound pressed against his eight and half inch cock with a three inch width. They both laughed with anticipation of what could and would happen next.

Both of them were lying naked on the bed in each other's arms with their bodies pressed close to the other, their passionate kissing showing how much they needed and desired each other. Jay rolled them onto Crystal's back as he started leaving another trail of kisses down her neck to her soft breast. Her nipples were becoming stiffer from Jay's tongue action around her taut, hardened and sensitive area. As his hand playfully traveled over her lovely body, she started to squirm and quiver against him. When his fingers reached for the wet inner folds of her delicate pink lips, she began to desire him more. He was delighted to find her not just wet but dripping wet as his fingers entered her private domain. As Jay approached the center of her yearning, Crystal let out a loud gasp as she tried to breathe and her body was jiggling from the pleasure she was receiving.

Crystal's fingers were entangled in Jay's hair as he continued his kissing of her breasts, moving from one to the other and teased her inner folds. Her legs separated wider for his body as it fell between her legs, and he shifted his weight onto her right leg to get a better vantage point. In his new position he was able to please them both as his fingers slipped through the ever-moistening surface of her dark passionate desires.

As they shifted their bodies into a more comfortable position on the bed Crystal's hands reached down to take hold of Jay's engorged cock. She could feel the mushroom head leading to the hard shaft which always pleased her, which allowed her to please him in ways that they were still discovering together. His size was always so enjoyable, and it continued to grow as her fingers played with and stroked him.

'Oh, how I want you inside of me now but I know you will continue to tease me a little longer. The longer I wait for you, the more I'm willing to do to please you,' Crystal thought.

Jay looked into Crystal's eyes as his juice covered fingers moved to her lips. He covered them with her sweet nectar. He smiled his wickedly teasing smile as his body moved into a more comfortable position. He then started to lick her lips clean enticing her into a very naughty kiss of passion. Her body started to squirm under his cock giving it a one-sided primary level coating of the juices flowing from deep inside her sexual core.

'Oh, what a naughty little lady you are,' he thought as the kiss got deeper, and he shifted his body between her legs that willingly spread wider as she moved one leg to encircle his waist.

With the pressure of Crystal's leg against Jay's back, he lost his balance and fell on top of her naked body. She let her hands run over his back downward to grab his ass pulling him deeper into her sexual desires as their kisses deepened. She could feel his hardness against her waiting mound, with a slow rise of her sexual excitement allowing her wet outer lips to become slightly engorged as they encircled his hard cock.

As the kiss broke, they both started to laugh as he lay on top of her. Her fingers danced along his sides, causing him to wiggle from her feathery touch.

"Crystal, my love, you're a little devil with your strong legs and tickling fingers," he said as he manipulated both of them onto their sides.

"My dearest Jay, it takes one little devil to know another," Crystal grinned as her hand reached around his head to pull his lips closer to hers.

Out of breath, Crystal suddenly pulled out of their embrace and slipped off the bed. She took a few deep breaths on shaky legs as she disappeared to get something from the family room. She had a wild idea to have a little fun with her lover.

'What is that little lady of mine up to now? She often has something unusual in mind for both of our pleasures,' Jay thought, as he lay there wondering and waiting for her return.

Crystal returned after only a couple of moments to the bedroom with a mischievous twinkle in her eyes, an impish grin on her face and carrying a six inch high by three inch diameter lit red candle. Jay's eyes opened wide because the candle partly fascinated him by what his naughty lover may have in mind and it also scared him just a little. She placed it on the night table, before crawling back on the bed.

She positioned herself with her pussy near his face. Once she was comfortable on her knees and secure in her new position she reached over to pick up the candle. She then looked down the length of his well-developed slender body. She started to drip the red hot wax on his chest down to his penis now only half its normal enlarged size. A naughty notion tempted her into dripping the melted wax on his swollen testes and firm shaft as he wiggled and groaned out of pleasure and pain from the heat of the hot wax.

He had an interesting view of his lover's pleasure zone, so his fingers started to play with it. Jay's hands held her cheeks firmly over his mouth as his tongue got busy licking, irritating her clit, in a good way, making Crystal start to fidget from the pleasure she was receiving.

The trail of wax wasn't a straight line since Jay started toying with her and it was almost too much of a distraction for her as she started to cum hard. Her juices dripped down from her slippery cavern onto his tongue and down his throat. With care she had no choice but to hold the candle tightly in her hands as her head began to sway causing some of the wax to drip onto her own breast and tummy.

'Oh, what an interesting design the trail red wax droplets created down his body,' Crystal thought.

Crystal started to drip the wax onto his tummy again. As her head cleared just enough to let the rest of the melted red wax pour freely, from the top of the candle she held all over his body. She blew the candle out before placing it safely back on the night table again. Jay was licking her clit causing her to miscalculate the placement as the candle fell off the edge of table and onto the floor.

'Thank goodness she blew it out,' he thought getting their minds back to the monkey business at hand.

Crystal took a few deep breaths before she continued with her pleasure. 'Ah, how wonderful it is to watch his cock twitch as my nails are drawn over his tender skin,' she thought as she lay down next to him.

She carefully used her long fingernails to peel the wax droplets off his long erected cock. Once she cleaned off the wax, she used her lips to give the purple mushroom head a kiss before her tongue started to lick up and down the engorged shaft. With each movement of her tongue she could feel the veins on his engorged cock and her fingers working his enlarged testes for the pleasurable groans which came from deep inside of his belly. It only seemed to take Chrystal a few licks of her tongue, along with her active fingers, before the start of the discharge of his pre-ejaculatory fluid, which led to a hot eruption of his semen surging out of him and down her throat.

'Ah, some hot wax and a dancing wet tongue will drive him crazy every time,' she smiled in the delight of teasing him before giving him full pleasure.

'She did it again, oh how she can deplete almost all of my energy with her teasing and playing. Still, I've just enough to drive her over the edge of paradise,' he thought as he helped her roll off him and adjusted her body so she was alongside of his.

He reached over to give her a kiss for the satisfaction she had just given him. As they both rested for a moment, she moved her fingers over his skin as her fingernails started in an amusing manner to remove all the cooled wax from his body. Some of the wax pulled off a few of his longer pubic hairs.

"Ouch, you naughty, yet sexy bitch of mine," Jay said as his strong fingers grabbed her hand to stop her from what she was doing.

Crystal laughed as she pulled free to continue working the larger wax droplets off the middle of his belly. There was a problem with one spot until she pushed her elegant finger with a long sharp nail into the middle of red wax that was a couple of inches across over his belly button. The nail caused the wax to crack into many little fragments. Once it was broken up, she started to peel the pieces off from the middle with him laughing and wiggling the entire time. She loved to hear his sexual laugh, it made her even hornier. The last piece of wax that she pulled off him was the mold of his belly button; she looked at it and laughed. He joined in her laugher when he saw what she was looking at.

"So that's what my belly button looks like," Jay said with laughter. "But I must admit it has been a little painful with you pulling the wax off me."

"Here are a few kisses to make the pain go away," Crystal said once the area was cleared for her to kiss the reddened area of skin on his abdomen.

"Oh yes, that's very helpful," he said in a teasing manner.

"I would hope so, my love," Crystal said continuing to kiss his tummy up to his chest and finally meeting his desirable lips.

Crystal had an overpowering sexual scent which was overtaking his nostrils, causing Jay's manhood to grow hard again.

"Mmm, you are so delightful to play with my pet," Jay said as he moved to pin her willing body against the mattress with his legs between hers.

Jay entered Crystal first by starting to find her g-spot while rubbing her clitoris with his thumb. This made her quiver even more as his pulsating cock crossed the threshold of her puffy inner lips. He easily slipped between her swollen lips since she was soaked with her juices, proving she was more than ready for him. He started a relentless rhythm with his hardened cock.

"Oh yes . . . oh go faster . . . please do it harder . . . faster," Crystal cried out in a desire to be fulfilled.

Jay moved at a bruising pulse against her cervix, causing the final ecstasy for both of them to cry out in pure joy. They were both breathless from their violent orgasm.

Their juices covered both sets of their pubic hairs as it trickled down the bottom of her ass cheeks, and onto the bed sheets beneath them. He rested on top of her for a few moments before his weakened arms lifted him off her body enough to roll over onto his back.

Crystal rolled onto her side and rested her head on Jay's shoulder as his arm wrapped around her waist to encase her in a loving embrace. As they lay there together his other hand pulled the covers over their bodies. They began to fall asleep listening to the soft rock music that had been playing in the background the entire time. With both of them being fully content and highly gratified as their favorite love song came over the radio causing them both to smile before sharing a good night kiss.

**********

Thanks for a friend who helped to inspire me in an evening chat. Plus a big thanks to my editors for helping me to refine my story.

Copyrighted © July 2011

