 Saturday morning Patti woke up, she rolled over and watched Ted sleeping so peacefully. He had had a tough week at work so she was going to let him sleep in. Quietly slipping out of bed she headed for the shower. Once in the shower she let the hot water cascade over her body, she reached for the body wash and soaped up. She rubbed the soap all over her arms, shoulders, neck. Patti felt the soap suds running down between her breasts. "Mmmm." she moaned as she reached for her nipples pinching and twisting them making them hard. She had just planned on taking a quick shower and then going downstairs and starting breakfast. Now she wanted to play and make herself cum. She rubbed and played with her tits. She just couldn't help herself, she needed to cum. Patti poured body wash on a wash rag and finished washing herself off. She ran the wash rag down her legs and up the insides of her thighs. She couldn't help but rub her pussy, feeling the soap all over her shaved pussy. "Aahh." she whimpered as she pushed two fingers inside of herself, fucking herself. 

She reached for the detachable shower head and took it down. She aimed the shower head at her pussy, the powerful blast of water hit her clit making it throb. "OMG!." she moaned as she rubbed her fingers deeper in her pussy. In and out she fucked herself. She was so glad they had bought this shower head, Patti had made herself cum many times with it. The powerful stream of water hitting her clit felt good, she had to hold onto the towel rack just to keep her balance. She finally had to just lie down in the floor of the shower as she brought herself to climax again and again with the pulsating water. She couldn't get enough, she needed one of her toys and needed it bad. She stood and turned off the shower and she got out. Quickly she dried herself off. Going to the bathroom door she opened it a crack to see if Ted was still asleep, he was, he needed the rest. Patti reached into the cabinet under the sink and grabbed one of her toys a 6 inch dildo. 

Patti sat on the toilet and leaned back and reached for her still hard nipples. She pinched them and twisted them until they hurt, as she slid her hand down to her pussy. She could feel her juices, she was so horny. But when wasn't she horny. Ted always teased her that she was horny 24/7 but he liked her that way.

Taking the six inch dildo she started to lick it with long licks, up and down. Nibbling it all over, slowly working her way to the head. She put the head into her mouth and sucked it, making it wet. Her toys were fun but she would so much rather be sucking Ted's hard cock. In and out she continued to suck it, taking it a bit deeper each time. Patti spread her legs wide as she could. Getting the dildo wet as she rubbed it over her pussy. "Yesss." she whispered as she started to push it inside of her. God, she loved to have her pussy full of cock. In and out she pushed that cock deeper and deeper. 

Ted woke up and turned over reaching for Patti, she was up early he thought. They usually tried to sleep in on Saturdays. He noticed the bathroom door was closed maybe she was taking a shower. 

Lying there trying to wake up he heard noises coming from the bathroom. Getting up he decided to check on her, making sure she was okay.

Opening the door a crack Ted saw her sitting on the toilet fucking herself with one of her toys.

She looked like she was enjoying herself. He just stood there and watched as he rubbed his crotch, feeling the beginnings of a hard on. He did love to watch her bring herself off. She hadn't seen him, he continued to watch her. Patti tugged and pulled on her hard nipples with one hand as she pushed that cock inside of her. "Mmmmm, oh yes." she moaned as she pushed that dildo in and out.

"Fuck!" Ted whispered hoping she didn't hear him, he wanted to watch the show. He watched as she she took that cock out, licked and sucked on it making it wet. He could hear the sucking noises she made as she sucked on it. He watched as she put one foot up on the cabinet in front of her. Sitting like this it opened up her pussy. Ted could see her juices pouring out of her slit. Patti rubbed the dildo across her clit again, moaning as she did.

"I need to get fucked so bad." she said aloud as she reached down and slid two fingers inside of her wet pussy. She brought her wet fingers to her mouth and licked her juices from her fingers. "Mmmmm." she moaned trying to be quiet, she didn't want to wake him up.

Ted reached into his boxers and stroked his cock. "Bet your pussy taste so good baby." he thought as he watched her play. She spread her pussy open wide and pushed that cock inside of her. 

He just watched as she pleasured herself, he didn't know how long he could hold out. She had her head thrown back, her eyes closed as she fucked herself. "Do it baby girl." he thought to himself as she started to fuck herself harder. 

Her pussy was on fire she needed to cum again. Patti could tell it was going to be one of those days when she couldn't get enough. Taking her other hand she reached for her clit, rubbing herself she knew it wouldn't take her much longer to cum again. "Oh fuck! "She said wanting to cum, slamming her pussy harder. She was out of control, she was moaning and trying to be quiet.

Ted took his boxers off and precum was already leaking from the head of his cock. He felt it run down his cock and over his fingers. Damn, he wanted to fuck her. He continued to watch her as she took that dildo in both hands and rammed her pussy with it. Harder and deeper she fucked herself. Bringing his fingers to his mouth he tasted his precum. "Mmmmm." he whispered. "Taste so good." he thought to himself.

"Oh God, yes,yes." Patti moaned loudly as she suddenly felt herself climax, squirting. The harder she fucked herself the more she squirted all over the floor. "Mmmmm." she said as she slowed down fucking herself. "Yes, oh fuck yeah."

Ted watched as she brought herself off, he had seen her squirt before but nothing like that. She giggled, "Looks like I made a mess." she said dropping the dildo to the floor.

He couldn't stand it anymore he had to have her, he walked in and just looked at her as he stroked his rock hard cock. "Stand up." he told her, it wasn't a request, it was an order. "Bend over the sink."

Patti stood up on shaky legs. She did as she was told, bending over the sink she watched in the mirror as he walked up behind her and she felt him reach under her and finger her sopping wet pussy. Moaning she felt his fingers slip inside of her. "Aaahhh." she whispered as she felt his touch. Holding onto the sink she waited for him.

"I'm going to fuck you." he told her as he took his hand away and brought his fingers to his mouth tasting her sweet pussy. 

"Please?" she asked him, looking at him in the mirror.

"Ssshhh." he replied as he bent over and kissed the back of her neck. "You are such a hot slut." he whispered as he rubbed his hard cock up and down her pussy lips. "Take it, take my cock." he told her as he pushed his cock inside of her with one hard thrust. Damn she was so wet but still so fucking tight. Just like the first time they had fucked. He would never forget the feeling of his cock entering her for the very first time. Reaching around her he grabbed her tits and caressed and rubbed them as he fucked her. Pulling on her nipples, he loved how hard they always got. "Spread your legs wider." he ordered her as he fucked her slow and steady. He knew she loved to be fucked from behind.

She did as she was told, she loved when he ordered her, told her what to do. "Ooohh, ummm." she moaned as he fucked her. 

"That was so hot baby watching you bring yourself off like that." he told her as he pinched her nipples harder, he loved to hear her moan when he played with her tits. Ted knew it wasn't going to take him long to cum. She had gotten him so worked up, "Fuck you're so tight." he moaned speeding up his thrusts, pounding into her. 

"Fuck me!" she whispered as he rammed her pussy hard. "Make me your slut."

"Oh you are MY SLUT and only mine." he told her as he grabbed her by her hips and slammed his cock into her. In and out making her take his dick. 

This is feeling so good she thought as she reached under her and rubbed her clit. She loved the thought that he had watched her bringing herself off. She liked to be watched as she came it made her so hot.

Ted suddenly pulled out of her and turned her around. "On your knees slut." he said looking down at her. "Suck me." 

Patti went to her knees and reached for his cock, stroking him, feeling how hard his cock was. She looked up at him. She bent down and licked his balls, gently taking them into her mouth she sucked on them.

"Aahhh, yeah." he said as he looked down at her, he did like to watch her sucking his balls into her wet mouth. "Suck Daddy real good baby." he told her running his hands through her hair.

She continued to suck his balls, stroking his cock. He tugged on her hair, he looked down at her, watching as she sucked his balls. Precum was running down his shaft as she jacked his cock at the same time.

"Mmmm." she said as she tasted it, she sucked all of the precum leaking out of his cock. She loved the taste. "So good." she thought as she swallowed it all.

"Don't stop." he told her as he pushed his cock deeper into her hot, wet, mouth. "Do it, make me cum." he ordered her as he held the back of her head. "no hands." he said watching her. 

Patti reached up and held onto Ted's waist as he fucked her mouth. She couldn't get enough of him, couldn't get enough of his cock. "Fuck my slut mouth." she thought as she took his cock as deep as she could. 

In and out he fucked her mouth, pushing his cock as deep as he can he holds it in her mouth, making her deep throat him. She is gasping for air as he pulls away from her. He didn't mean to get so carried away but it was feeling so good. "Your mouth is the best I have ever had baby." he tells her as she grasps his dick. Nibbling on the head before she takes it back into her mouth. 

"Fuck yeah." he says as she flicks her tongue all across his cock, teasing his cock head tasting more precum. "Suck me, make me cum." 

Gripping him tightly as she bends down and takes his balls back into her mouth. She loves to make him cum, taste it.

"Awww fuck baby make me cum, I need to cum." he begs her, he is so close. He needs to give her his cum. 

Patti takes her time licking from his balls to the head of his cock, she takes him back into her mouth. She is in heaven having his cock, fucking him with her mouth. In and out she takes him. Putting pressure on his cock she sucks him. He is holding her hair in both hands as she takes his dick. Gently stroking his balls she can feel them tighten up knowing he's going to cum soon.

"Yeah,yeah, oh fuck." he moans knowing he's going to cum. "Mmmm, gonna cum baby." he tells her as he pulls out of her mouth and pulls her up from the floor. 

"Back over the sink," He tells her as he shoves his cock back into her pussy. "Take it my whore." he moans as he slams his rock hard cock inside of her tight pussy. "Awww fuck!" Ted exclaims as he pounds her as hard as he can, he knows she loves it.

She loves to get fucked hard and deep. "Use me, please use me." Patti begs him.

"My baby likes to be used doesn't she?" he asked her as he feels her pussy walls tighten around his dick. All she can do is nod yes. "Your pussy belongs to me." he whispers in her ear, "Forever."

God, she is so tight, he thinks as he fucks her, in and out of her tight little pussy. "Mmmm, yeah baby take my cock take it." he tells her feeling the cum rising in his balls. "Awwww! Fuck baby!" he exclaims holding her tightly as he buried his dick inside of her. Gives her his cum, filling her pussy. He pulls out of her and Patti turns and kisses him, she goes to her knees and licks and sucks his cum covered cock clean. She looks up at him as she licks the cum from her lips.

"Oh my God, that was great." he told her as he pulled her to her feet, holding her tight. "Loved it baby." he said kissing her tenderly. He can taste their mixed cum on her lips.

"Did I wake you?" she asked as he went to turn on the shower.

"Well I woke up and you weren't beside me." he said stepping into the shower. "Care to join me?" he asked wanting to shower with her. She stepped into the shower closing the door behind her as he took her back into his arms, he had a feeling it was going to be a hot and horny day.