 It was a very cold night. Most of New York was either in their warm homes or the even warmer local bars. 

I, on this particular night was roaming in the subway. I don't recall what was the late night call in the office about but I remember it was almost the last train I had caught. 

On this particular station called Broad Channel, I decide to get down. Before you wonder what a 25 year old young man would wanna do on a lonely station, let me offer you the explanation itself. Yep, I'm a loner and a writer upon that. It's very normal of a behaviour of mine for the people who know me, to chase a thought. I often switch my realms from reality to imaginary. This was one such venture.

I brought out my cigarettes and started smoking. The background was a distant rumble of the train that just left slowly, leaving the primary source of annoyance as my own feet. I knew there wasn't going to be another one and this calm was what my brain craved all day. I halted the sound of my feet.

It was after a while when I saw through the smoke another passenger on a bench. Don't tell me a man can't have peace even here, after the last train? Oh man. I was annoyed.

I move closer towards the bench. She notices me with a sudden gasp.

"What the hell are you doing here, I'll call 911 right now!" she warned me.

I showed my hands up. "Don't worry they don't want me." I said calmly. I kept walking towards her after the little awkward pause.

As I moved closer I noticed her pointed little nose. Her hair were blond, covered with a stylish red beret hat. Her face almost hidden by the collars of her long coat was fair and her lips were a perfect red. She was slim and was very pretty indeed. She was most probably a model judging by her flawless makeup. She wore high boots. 

She kept looking at me suspiciously as I sat next to her on the bench. 

"So, one of the prettiest woman I've ever seen, at night, all alone in a subway station and knowing the last sub has left. What's your story madame?" I smiled.

"I wouldn't know if I'd be sharing it with an obvious office worker roaming around late at night, probably having missed his train and now smoking while he plans his next move when he sees a pretty lady alone and swoops in." she almost hisses back. 

She's holding her smile so hard from her own smart talk. She must believe I'm taken aback. I smile presently.

"My name's Josh and you seem like a Alice or something? No?" I continue the game.

"Ashley actually." She shakes my hand in the most queen-like manner ever.

"Hi Ashley, I am a writer actually and I am very curious about your story. It's one of the rarest I'm sure. It's a cold Saturday night and it's very late, you were the last person I'd have expected to find. Not that I wanted to, but..." she cuts me.

"Alright, I believe you. So you wanna know my story to like write or what?" she looks at me.

"Yes indeed, I live off stories and I could do anything for a good one." I proclaim.

"Hmmm, well we'll see about that." she think for a bit, looks at me head to toe then starts.

"This is my routine station. My boyfriend, well I should be calling him my ex now, lives nearby. I had come to visit him. Simple. Not your peculiar little story Mr. writer." She looks at me again. She has very pretty eyes. 

"Oh. I am so sorry, you guys just broke up?" I am seriously concerned.

"Well...yeah. He had called me over tonight. I got to his home a little early and caught him cheating on me with his neighbour. I left without saying anything, he doesn't even know I saw him." She keeps looking down and clears a lump in her throat.

"Uhm..." as I am about to console her, she cuts me again.

"You seem like a sane guy, tell me do you have a girlfriend?" she inquires.

"Uhmm, not really.." I lift my shoulders.

"Well suppose you have one okay? And you catch her cheating on you with someone one day. Do you think you can ever be okay with that? Ever?" her tone went up several notches at the end.

"What I think is that, it depends on how much I love her. I mean cheating is sure the worst of the cases, but in general when you love someone then you almost involuntarily forgive them always. That being said, I wouldn't know about it much since I usually observe people and not be a part of them." I tell her.

"Bullshit, you are being too polite. He's a son of a bitch, oh God I'll kill him if I ever saw him again!" she grabs my knee.

"Well yes, the fact remains that once caught cheating even when forgiven, the relationship goes downhill in 99% of the cases." I try to calm her wits.

She keeps looking at me furious eyes, her brain obviously rendering slowly what I just said. Her hold on my knee weakens. 

"All you boys are the same." She concludes at last. Wow. Big brains.

We sit in silence for the next 10 minutes. I don't wanna get her more upset by disturbing her. She is sitting motionless, deep in thought.

"I will definitely leave him." She says almost to herself.

"I'll definitely leave him." More firmly this time and she sits up. She looks at me and this time it's probably the first time she is observing me. 

It's what I say in my stories. Till now I was a side character but from this moment when the protagonist has observed me and noticed me, I've transitioned into the story.

She keeps looking at me and her beautiful grey eyes give away her processing. She's thinking. Something is going on under that little red beret cap. I am so about to find out. I know it.

Sudden change comes in her expression. She stands up and starts looking at the dark corners of the ceilings. 

"They don't have cameras here do they?" she asks me while she still looks for them. 

"I hope they do, I don't wanna die even though I wanna stand up for my gender." I joke. 

"Oh shut up and look." She commands and starts exploring the dimly lit station. I start checking in the other direction.

"I can't see any over here." I tell her. I turn towards her. She's already walking back towards the bench.

"None here either." She calls. Wow, she does walk like a model on ramp. 

"So what's the plan, stab or shoot?" I ask her.

She doesn't reply. She keeps coming closer and closer. I take a step back. She reaches forward and grabs my head with both her hands. I try to resist but she jumps and tries to hit me with her head. I fall back on the ground.

"What the hell are you doing?" I exclaim.

"Stop being a baby, we're having sex so that I can get back at him." she says as she crawls over me on my back. Oh.

She pushes down my shoulders with her hands and her plum lips land on mine. She kisses for a few seconds. I do nothing, although I know I'm definitely turned on.

Her mouth retreats and her hands get to work on my shirt buttons. My overcoat is already almost off. She undoes all the buttons and starts moving her soft hands around my smooth chest. It feels amazing. I haven't felt this passion in ages. I keep looking at her.

She tugs my shirt out of my trousers. I sit up and throw away my coat and shirt. It's definitely a little cold but the blood has already started rushing all over. She keeps running her warms fingers over my chest. Whatever happens happens, I resolve.

I pull off her coat and her buxom figure is revealed. She is wearing a red dress. Its very sexy. 

She unzips her own dress in an instant and is naked to her skin coloured bra and panties. She doesn't take off her boots. Damn.

She's so busy she isn't even looking at my face!

She grabs my belt and opens it in one pull. She opens my trousers and pulls them down half way. I'm erect and woah, there's a patch of precum on the front of my underwear. She stops for a millisecond and looks at me with an admirable smile. I smile a little shyly. 

"It's been a while I had some you know..." I try to defend my horniness. 

She doesn't say a word and pulls down my underwear and grabs my erect dick in her little hands. She immediately puts it in her mouth. I give out a moan. 

She is so horny, I can't resist her, I am already precumming in her mouth!

She is too good with it. She swirls her tongue all around it and takes it all the way down to her throat. She takes it around and massages all the saliva around it. Then she repeats the same.

All this happens so fast I am still trying to believe this. My body is better at this than me. The orgasms are already going through me, heavily. 

I am almost close to cumming when I reach her shoulder. I pull her away from me and she starts taking her bra off. Her panties go next.

We go to the bench and she makes me lie down while she rides me. Even as the thought of a condom enters my mind she is already on me.

She is definitely wet. I thought I'd have to lick her and to be honest I wasn't very willing but I don't think she needs that. She is already dripping.

She is looking somewhere up at the ceiling as she rides me like a horse. In quick and hard humps she goes on. I bet she's having second thoughts.

She suddenly goes really fast and then stops all of a sudden. She clenches around me and I can only guess what's coming. She cums around me. An explosion of juices around my erect penis. 

She opens her eyes and looks at me. Now she's definitely enjoying it. 

"You having fun down there?" she winks and smiles at me.

"The time of my life." I give a big greedy grin. She giggles. More orgasms.

"You're good." She tells me as she continues her motion. 

"Uhmm thanks." I am definitely not used to girls complimenting me like this. My ears turn red. 

She giggles some more. She bends down with my dick still in her and kisses my chest. 

"You ready to cum huh?" she looks up at me still bent down. She smacks her lips and mimics licking my dick. She moves her pelvis in round motions around my dick.

"Mhmmmm" I nod my head, too lost in the pleasure. She giggles again. I think I'm falling for her giggles. They're so melodious and the way they echo a little in this silence, they make me do what I do next.

I grab her face and pull her down. I kiss her lips hard and she sits up as well and I pull out. I kiss her to my heart's content. She is amazing.

I push her down on her back and she is smiling up at me. Waiting for her reward. I pull my dick over her face and start stroking very fast.

She opens her mouth big and takes her tongue out. I aim for her tongue. 

I cum. And oh my God, I haven't seen myself cum so much ever in my life. It almost fills her mouth. The rest lands on her face. Her make up is messed up.

She swirls it around in her mouth, and then swallows it. She was so horny. It arouses my feelings for her again. 

I kiss her intensely. We use tongues this time as well. Her little beautiful mouth is filled with my tongue. We must have kissed for almost 5 minutes when her phone started ringing. 

She gets up and goes to where her coat lay. She picks it up and makes a face. I know who it is.

"Give him a chance to explain." I say against all my wishes, just for the sole reason as to be a man of his words. She picks it up. I feel so bad. I connected to her so well it feels like she's my girlfriend.

I grasp bits of the conversation as I wear my clothes. She is very calm. She keeps on trying to put her dress on with one hand. I wear all my clothes and then go to her aid. I pull her dress up while she's still on call.

When I finally zip her dress up completely after a lotta struggle she kisses him on the call and tells him she'll call him later. 

I don't say a word. I was hoping she'd break up with him on call and I'd ask her out. My heart sank.

She looks at me once we're fully dressed and are walking towards the exit. 

"He wasn't at home and he apologized for that right now. It was his brother I saw through the window." She says.

I look up at her in disbelief. 

"So that means you just cheated on him!" I exclaim.

She keeps looking down as we walk. 

"Wow, now that surely is a twist. I told you, your story gotta have a twist in the plot." I try to make her mood a little lighter. She smiles but sadness is obvious in her eyes.

We don't talk for the rest of the walk.

She gets hold of a taxi. As she is about to get in she hugs me and says, "I'll never forget you or this day. Thank you so much."

"It was my pleasure." I smile good naturedly. Her cab leaves. I keep looking at it, speeding into the almost morning sky. Her red beret hat still visible through the rear window. 

I sit down on the footpath. The only way all this is leaving my heart is through my pen. I pull my overcoat over my shoulder with one hand and start walking home. I love her. Damn it. I love her.