 You know the way it goes. You want to get laid so you take her to dinner and a show. Now you have to make a choice. What short of show is going to get you laid? A nice romantic chick flick to get her in the mood? Something with some action and sex to get her excited? Maybe straight porn if you're the cruder type trying to get the message across.

If you said yes to any of the above the chances are pretty good and you're not going to get laid without some serious grovelling and begging.

Statistics show that the movie most likely to get you laid is a good horror movie. And best of all, she doesn't realise that it's the movie making her horny. She thinks it's all her own idea and you're in for a fun time tonight. 

It seems that having a strong male next to her while she's being scared silly really gets a woman worked up. She's looking to him to protect her and to ensure that he's willing to stay close, it's bedtime, you lucky man.

I had a close personal experience with this sort of attitude once. It wasn't something I'd planned. It just came about due to an excellent, but unpopular, horror movie, Hoyts seating arrangements, and knowing a couple of girls who happened to be going to the pictures.

I was currently between girlfriends and not really in the mood to go to the pub for a drink. I'd hear that there was a new horror film on at the theatre so decided, what the hell, I might as well go and see it.

I went along and got a ticket, saying I wanted to sit towards the back of theatre, thank you. The ticket seller nodded, gave me a ticket, smiled, and told me to enjoy myself. I wandered in and found myself one of the few people in the theatre. The theatre probably sat four or five hundred, but if there were fifty people there I was prepared to eat the fifty-first.

Just before the show started a few stragglers came wandering in. Amongst the two stragglers were two women I knew, Audrey and Becky. When I say knew, I just mean I'd run into them a couple of times when out and about. I knew them well enough to say hi, but that was it. I knew their names, they knew mine, end of story.

They came and sat right next to me. They nodded to me as they passed, deigning to recognise my presence and then they took their seats, Becky next to me and Audrey on the other side of her. 

Becky was muttering and bitching at Audrey. Apparently at some stage Becky had dragged Audrey off to see a show that she hadn't wanted to go to and the horror movie was turn about. Audrey loved them but wanted company when she watched them. This time her company was Becky who wasn't quite so fond of horror themes.

Becky was whining right up until the lights went out and then she finally settled down. I could feel her boredom throughout the ads and trailers, but that's pretty standard. The only people not bored by them are the people who sell them.

Then the feature film started. It didn't waste time, it got right into some shock tactics. That's when Becky started to get a trifle upset. My first inkling of this was when the actress on the film screamed, half the girls in the audience screamed, Becky among them, and she clutched hold of my arm.

Apparently I was male and she knew me and that was all she needed. I was there to protect her, like it or not. I didn't particularly like it with that first grab, because one moment I'm eating popcorn and the next the whole box has gone flying as my arm was latched onto. I'm just glad I wasn't drinking a coke.

OK. I considered the movie reasonably mild at first. Lots of minor horror moments but the story was just a little slow developing. But you know how these stories work. Each little horror is slightly worse than the previous, followed by relief and then the build-up to the next shock.

The trouble was, Becky didn't seem to get the relief, staying keyed up and getting more stressed as the film developed. After she'd grabbed by arm for the fourth time I had to say something.

"If it's any help, Becky," I quietly told her, "you can sit on my lap so that I'm holding you all the time."

It was sarcasm. I swear it. However, one speaks softly when in the theatre, so perhaps the sarcasm didn't penetrate. Perhaps Becky was too tense for the sarcasm to penetrate. Whatever the reason, she just looked at me, nodded and scrambled onto my lap.

What could I do? I put my left arm around her waist and left my right arm draped along the arm rest.

When the next mini-climax came up Becky grabbed my right arm and dragged that around her as well. Now Becky, when she'd snatched my arm onto her, hadn't watched where she put it. She just wanted to be held and secure. My hand was sort of resting on her crotch, and I suspected she'd get upset if she noticed, so I slid it further down her leg until it was resting just above her knee. 

From that point on things started to get out of hand. A sudden fright from the screen and Becky was dragging my hand closer to her again. This time when she grabbed my hand slipped up under her dress and landed on her panties. I just sort of massaged her lightly through her panties to help her settle down.

Things started getting a bit busier on the screen. Somehow or other Becky's panties got pushed to the side and I was doing some steady massaging of certain areas, feeling Becky pushing hard against my hand when the frights came.

I probably shouldn't have let my hand drop between her legs and unzip myself, but my cock was feeling quite a strain. It was frantically trying to stand up while jammed almost double inside my pants.

While I was feeling some relief when the poor old fella had room to stand up, I was still taken aback at Becky's reaction. A swift slap at the pervert and a quick scramble back to her seat might have been reasonable. Even an insistent demand that I put it away, instantly.

Didn't get either of those. Becky seemed to gasp with relief, lifted herself slightly and settled neatly on my cock. I was stunned. What I wanted to do was to start humping like crazy, and it took a lot of will power to refrain.

So here I was, shafting lovely little Becky in the middle of the theatre, but just sitting there. Then a mini-climax on the screen started gathering pace and so did Becky. She started rocking on me, pressing herself firmly against me, encouraging my cock to slip gently in and out of her. She wasn't bouncing hard, just a rocking in place sort of thing, letting my cock know it was being appreciated.

As soon as the crisis on the screen died down, so did Becky, coming to a halt and just waiting tensely.

That's the way it went for the rest of the film, a crisis would develop and Becky would start rocking. The crisis would die down and Becky would pause while my cock seemed to be swelling to an enormous size and my balls felt like they were going to explode.

At one stage the action on the screen died right down and everything went into a lovey-dovey mode. Becky suddenly seemed to stiffen, and her head whipped around to stare at me, shock on her face. Then there was a scream from the screen, Becky whipped back to the film and the rocking started almost immediately.

Fortunately for the state of my balls, the big denouncement started up on the screen. Becky went into panic mode and started bouncing. There was no way I was going to be able to hold back much longer, but it turned out I didn't have to. I felt Becky stiffen and she absolutely clamped herself onto my cock.

It was too much for me. I erupted and flooded her, while her enthusiastic bouncing didn't seem to slacken as she took everything I had. It was bloody fortunate that the big finale had begun, because Becky was screaming like a banshee, but so were most of the other girls in the theatre, including Audrey.

I'm assuming that most of these were just screams of pleasurable fright, but it seems you never know what is happening around you.

Becky just sat on me, shuddering lightly, still firmly pressing her bottom and pussy against me. The credits started to roll and Becky made this little gasping sound and was off my lap and sitting in her own seat in nothing flat. I had to move fast before I was up for indecent exposure.

In my peripheral vision I could see Becky hastily tidying up her clothes. Not really wanting to watch the credits I rose, and headed for the exits.

It was several days before I saw Becky again. I was walking through the mall one evening when I looked up and saw her and Audrey walking towards me. Becky was just looking casually around when she saw me approaching. For some reason she went bright red, turned to one side and hastily dragged Audrey into a dress shop. 

Pity really. I'd wanted to invite her out to a movie.