 I was thrilled when I received the admission letter from the local university in Singapore for a bachelor’s degree in arts. The first day at the University was really hectic, as there was a lot of paper work to be completed. I reported to the Graduate Students Office in the morning to submit my papers and get my relevant papers for the term. I was told by one of the clerk to wait until the Graduate Students Officer who was in-charge of my papers called me. I waited for a few minutes and I was called promptly. I stepped into the officer’s office room and was greeted cheerfully. She introduced herself as Ms Harlina and offered me a seat until she had checked all my papers. She was a real beauty and a hottie and I immediately fell in love with her.

From my guess Harlina was about 35 to 37 years old and she was a Singapore Malay woman. She was beautiful, sexy, hot and horny. I couldn’t resist myself from looking at her all the time. She had the traditional Malay dress called the Baju Kurung and a headscarf called the Tudung. The color of the dress was pink with multicolored floral patterns and the Tudung was also of matching pink. The only part of her body that was visible was her face and her fingers while all others were covered with the Baju Kurung. Harlina had a sexy face with sort of sleepy eyes, sharp nose and high cheeks. Her lips were thick and when she smiled they elastically stretched to her ears. Her full smile that showed all of her well-set teeth was just enough to make a limp cock jump to its full erection. Her skin was not tanned but pink. Her sexy and beautiful face had a few reddish blemishes near her cheeks and these made her face look even sexy. It appeared to me that this sexy Singapore Malay hottie had her face bleached, as it was spotless except for the pink blemishes. Harlina’s skin was extremely pink in color and I wondered how she would look when she is fully nude.

She had a perfect body to trot. Most of the Singapore Malay women are bulky with big boobs and big butts. Harlina was an exception to that generalization. She was slim with perfect boobs and a perfect tight butt that was neither small nor big. She was a real beauty and a hottie. To top up her figure was her voice. Her voice was husky that sounded very erotic. I felt that I should enjoy every inch of Harlina’s sweet and sexy body and fuck her thoroughly. I could not control my hard-on and I kept admiring this Singapore Malay hottie with lust, as she was busy preparing my term papers. I spoke to her often and she reciprocated always with that big smile that turned me on again and again. 

That night at home I hugged my pillow imagining it to be Harlina and rubbed my hard rock cock on it. I jerked a few times that night fantasying her to my dreams. I imagined how her pussy would be; hairy, shaved or trimmed and the thought of it made be harder and hotter. I frequented the Students Affairs Office to have a glimpse of Harlina and her full sexy smile. Soon she came to remember me by my name and would give that sexy smile whenever we would meet each other in the campus. 

It was one fine Saturday afternoon and people were going home after work. It was 2 p.m. and it started to drizzle. I had an application to access the library facilities that required a signature from Harlina who was my Graduate Students Officer. I rushed to the 5th floor of administration building where her office was. The whole floor was empty but luckily there was light inside Harlina’s office. The door was partly closed leaving a small crack. I peeped in to see if my sexy Singapore Malay beauty was there. Yeah she was there facing the computer and her back was towards me. To my surprise Harlina was surfing the porn-sites on the web. With a soft knock on the door I entered the room and Harlina turned around. When she did this she accidentally enlarged the nude photo that she had been admiring all this while. It was of a big muscular guy who had his cock in his cock and was about to enter a blonde woman from behind. Harlina did not know what to do and just blurted. I told her that was normal and told her that I would show her some better sites. Initially she was quite and reluctant but gave it up soon. 

“You are sexy and hot today Harlina,” I told her and touched her shoulders.

“Thanks,” she smiled.

Harlina was in her blue Baju Kurung and Tudung. The Baju Kurung had beautiful small tulip flowers patterned all over it. It was like Harlina wearing a tulip garden around herself. I stood behind her and touched her shoulders and Harlina did not protest at all. I slowly began to massage her shoulders with my fingers and she let out a soft moan. I told her the different websites where she can find lot of porno and she moved the mouse to get into them. 

“Hmmm…these sites are really hot,” she said softly.

It was obvious that Harlina is a hot woman and loves hot sex like most of the Singapore Malay women. I figured out that Harlina would be a willing and wild partner in bed. The Singapore Malay women are known for this. I massaged her shoulders and moved from her neck to her arms and followed it back. Harlina moaned softly and I loved her perfect erotic voice. My thumbs moved around the nape of her neck and all over her shoulders. Her dress was of silk material and my hands slipped a few times. I bent down and kissed her head over her Tudung and her natural feminine fragrance turned me on. Without her approval I released the clip that held her Tudung and took it off her head. This sexy Malay beauty had black long hair that was neatly bunched up into a round bun. This was the first time that I saw Harlina without a headscarf and she was absolutely stunning.

“What did you do,” she protested sweetly.

I moved my hands over her neck and below her chin and gently massaged the whole area. Deftly my fingers then moved over to her sexy and adorable face. I made circular motions all over her cheeks with my thumbs and then grabbed them using all of my fingers. I circled over her thick lips, nose, eyes, forehead and finally her ear lobes. Harlina tilted her head back and rested on the chair. I massaged her face gently running my fingers over her cheeks and the sexy reddish blemishes on her cheeks. My fingers rubbed over her thick lips when Harlina opened her mouth and tried to suck them in. This sexy Singapore Malay beauty gave in without protest and I wanted to enjoy my darling Harlina to the fullest. She was such a wonderful heartthrob whom I loved to fuck all the time. Harlina was a damn intoxicating Singapore Malay beauty. I moved my hands over to her shoulders again and to her slender arms. I squeezed both of her arms together and she let out a sharp moan. 

“You should be awfully horny aren’t you my darling Harlina?” I asked her massaging her shoulders. 

“No, not really,” she quipped.

“Be honest dear, you have been surfing the pornsites, I saw that,” I told her.

Harlina gave that full sexy smile again and said, “Yes I was horny today because Jacqueline Koh turned me on this morning with some hot stories”.

“Ah…Ha…Jacqueline turned you on…,” I said and rolled my fingers in her earlobes and kindled her horny feeling even more. 

I remembered Jacqueline Koh who worked in the finance department of the university. She was a Singapore Chinese woman in her late 30s. She had a voluptuous figure with big boobs and a jutting big butt. These were quite unusual for a local Chinese woman. Her face was pretty with thin lips, big eyes, and a beautiful smile. 

I rolled my fingers all over Harlina’s face caressing her cheeks and her earlobes. The beautiful Singapore Malay woman reeled under the renewed pleasure that my fingers worked out. Her skin was soft and supple and my fingers rolled around her luscious lips and I held her lower lip between my fingers and pulled it out. Harlina let out a soft moan. I did not want to enjoy this sexy Singapore Malay in her office and I suggested that we go her house. Harlina was a precious beauty who required special attention and I did not want to fuck this beauty very quickly in her office. After a few minutes of thoughts she agreed that we go to her house. Soon we were in my car and I drove to her condominium in Amber Gardens. Her apartment was beautiful and posh. I told her that I wanted to continue what I had been doing to her at her office and she immediately sat down on couch. I turned on the music to a low volume and began massing her shoulders. She closed her eyes and tilted her head back put it on the couch rest. I did not want to hurry with anything but decided to take my time in enjoying this intoxicating Singapore Malay beauty completely. My lips urged me to endlessly kiss Harlina’s luscious lips but I wanted to make her really hot before my lips touched her soft skin.

Slowly I unbuttoned her Baju Kurung up to her waist and pushed it off her shoulders. Harlina wore a lacey front open bra. The dark fabric was a sharp contrast to her pink skin and it attenuated her fairness. Her perfect round breasts nested like pigeons in the cups of her black bra. Harlina’s skin was great and spotless. My fingers quickly rolled over her bare shoulders and cupped her breasts that were still nested in the lacey fabric. Her breasts were warm and the warmth of my hands electrified Harlina and she let out a loud moan. Her breasts began to bulge in my hands and I unhooked the bra to release her breasts. Harlina’s breasts were perfect and tight. The skin was pink and the large areolas were pink too. Her pinkish nipples were short but thick and jutted out from the center of the areolas like mini antennas. I cupped each of her breasts in my open palm and squeezed them until Harlina moaned softly with her erotic husky voice. I could feel her skin and it was smooth as silk. 

I pressed her breasts against her chest and moved them in circles when her hands joined mine. Harlina placed her hands on mine and asked me to massage her breasts. The warmth of my hands made her perfect breasts to bulge even more. Harlina reeled under sheer ecstasy and her pink nipples became harder and stiffer in my hands. I held her nipples between my fingers and pulled them outward. Harlina’s luscious breasts elongated to a balloon and became red due to the new sensation. She was such a horny Malay beauty who deserved a perfect lovemaking and I was just doing what she wanted the most. I rolled her nipples between my fingers until they got hard as a bone. Harlina threw her head back on the backrest of the couch and moaned loudly as my hands were working magic on her sensitive breasts. Holding her breasts with my hands I pressed them together and made her jump up in waves of sheer pleasure. Her voice and her beautiful horny face turned me on beyond control and I decided that I kiss this horny Singapore Malay beauty finally.

I moved over and stood in front of her and unbuttoned the remaining buttons on her Baju Kurung. The long outer gown slipped off her body lazily and Harlina was now naked above her waist. All she had was her petticoat like outfit that formed the other piece of the Baju Kurung and her panties. I knelt down beside her and pulled down the zip and the petticoat smoothly slides down her silky legs. Harlina was like a perfectly sculpted marble statue. Her skin was smooth and pink and spotless. Her legs were long and silky and devoid of hair. Her black panties made her skin look even radiant and sexy. I did not want to pull down her panties immediately and enjoy her pussy; I wanted to start from her sexy lips and her horny face. I held her hand and she rose from the couch with laziness. Holding her slender waist we moved to her bedroom. We stood facing each other and her nostrils flared with hot breath, which indicated how hot and horny Harlina was. Her breasts were now bigger and her nipples stood very erect and hard. 

In front of me was this Singapore Malay beauty that I have been fantasying for months. The first day when I saw her at her office she was fully covered except for her face with the Baju Kurung. The same horny looking Harlina was in front of me almost naked with only her panties that covered her love holes. I had been waiting for this day and never thought that my darling Harlina will be so willing and ready for a nice hot fuck. I held her face with my hands and brought it close to my face. Harlina’s natural feminine fragrance was a big turn on and I immediately placed my lips on hers for a nice and lasting French kiss. I circled her neck and pulled her very close to me and she opened her mouth and kissed me hungrily running her lips all over mine. We both moaned and I over powered her and held her upper thick lip with mine and suck it into my mouth. 

My tongue licked all over it and moved over to her lower lip. Harlina opened her mouth and my tongue darted into her mouth like an arrow and found her tongue that had been waiting for mine. We slowly licked each other’s tongue for a while making the saliva splash all over out faces. I held her tongue in my lips and sucked it like a candy ice. My tongue rolled all over Harlina’s mouth licking every nook and corner…all over her gums…and all over her teeth. I swiped my tongue over her teeth and then her gums and then the inner walls. Harlina’s saliva was sweet as nectar and wondered how would her pussy cream be. I was sure that it would be much sweeter than the finest honey on this earth. It was all stored in her luscious pussy and my tongue showed its urgency in tasting that. Having completely licked and explored her mouth I wriggled my tongue out of Harlina’s mouth and rolled it all over her rosy cheeks that had a few blemishes. 

The blemishes were hard and were on her cheeks. These little bumps gave her face the horny look and my sweet Harlina would not look better without these. I licked all over her face running my tongue over her nose, eyes, forehead and chin covering them with my saliva. Harlina’s beautiful face glistened like a shiny metal in the wetness of my tongue. Hungrily I licked all over her face again and again and moved over to her lips again to drink her sweet nectar. To stimulate my sexy Singapore Malay darling, I rolled and swirled my tongue in her ear lobes and she let out a loud moan that turned me on again. I kissed Harlina’s ears and gently nibbled her ear lobes and this further intensified the fire of lust deep that had been burning deep inside her. 

As we had been locked tight in our kiss, Harlina unbuttoned my shirt and rubbed my chest with her hands. She grabbed my chest and pulled my small nipples sending goose bumps all over my hard body. Hurriedly she unbuckled my trouser and tried to force her hand into my underwear to grab my cock. The Singapore Malay women are known for their admiration for big dicks and Harlina was no exception to that. From the hurriedness that her hands showed I was pretty sure that she loved big and hard dicks. I did not want to give that at once to my beautiful Malay darling; I wanted her to beg for my 10-inche cock desperately and it will all be hers after that. I held her hands and pulled them up to my chest and denied access to my throbbing cock that waited to be released. 

“My darling Harlina, you have to wait for that…,” I said to her and kissed her lips again.

“HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!” Harlina moaned loudly and the intensity of her erotic voice went higher and higher. 

Her lips tasted sweet and we continued to kiss while I moved my hand down to her beautiful breasts. I cupped them and kneaded her nipples in small circular motion and pulled the hard nipples. I broke my long and wet kiss and trailed down my wet tongue to her breasts through her neck. As my mouth cupped her erect nipples Harlina’s nipples began to bulge out like a balloon. I moved her to the bed and she dropped on it with a thud giving me full access to her wonderful body. I sucked in her nipples and teased with my tongue. The extremely sensitive nipples made Harlina to buck her hips up and let out a sharp cry. I opened my mouth fully and tried to take in her breast. I sucked on her lovely breast and her nipples and alternated between them. Harlina pressed my head over her breasts and forced them in my mouth. 

“Oh! Yeah! Suck it baby!” Harlina cooed as my tongue moved all over her sensitive breasts.

Having feasted on this sexy Singapore Malay woman’s luscious jugs I moved down to her belly. The moment my tongue flicked around her round navel, Harlina jumped up in sheer ecstasy. I kissed her flat belly and licked her hips. The juicy hips were awesome and I took my time to enjoy my darling Harlina to every inch. As I moved down to her silky smooth thighs, I noticed that her panties were moist between them. Our long foreplay had made Harlina’s pussy to ooze its nectar. My tongue roamed over her thighs and she lifted her legs up.

“Take off my panties,” she said in her erotic husky voice.

“Not now, my darling Harlina! There is time for that,” I told her and went on licking her smooth thighs.

Harlina was a real beauty as I had mentioned a couple of times. Her legs were long and smooth. It appeared that her whole body was made of gold. I licked her smooth thighs all the way down to her ankles. I lifted her leg up and kissed her ankles and finally licked it. I then rolled my tongue down to her heels and planted a hard kiss. Harlina still had her black low-heel leather sandals. The dark color made her look extremely sexy and I did not want to remove her sandals off her feet. Harlina also had a thin gold anklet around her ankles. This along with her sandals and her smooth skin was something that I could not resist. Harlina closed on her legs and moved her thighs together as she was building up a huge load of orgasm. Her sexy and horny face had become even sexier and I wanted to kiss those awesome lips. I moved my tongue over her sweet body until my lips met hers and we kissed hungrily for a long time. 

I moved my lips again over her hot body down to her pubic mound and kissed on her crotch. The smell of dampness of her panties was erotic and a good turn on. I clenched the elastic rim of her black panties with my teeth and pulled it down over her silky legs. My dear darling Harlina was totally naked now. A few months ago when I first saw her, I craved to see her whole body and today she is naked without a piece of clothing on her body. The sexy Singapore Malay woman who was at the Students Affairs Office of the university and whom I had fantasized all day and all night was now lying naked in front of me. Had she not been married, I would have married her and fuck her all the time. Harlina was an intoxicating and horny looking Singapore Malay beauty. She had shaved her pubis and it was smooth as her thighs. 

“How often do you shave your cunt, Harlina? I asked her.

“Once a month, and I just shaved it yesterday that is why it is so smooth,” she replied and gave me that full smile.

Harlina’s pussy was gorgeous and smooth as silk and she told me that she never uses a razor to shave her pubic hair but mild hair removers. Her beautiful pussy was intoxicating and irresistible just like her sexy face and body. The outer lips of her pussy were long and thick and they were slightly tanned while her inner lips were pouting and pink in color. The outer lips that merged at the apex was a little pouting too. Her sensitive clitoris that lay in the G-spot was trapped within the upper folds and one had to spread them apart with fingers to get to her clit. 

Harlina’s puffy pussy throbbed and the outer thick lips closed in and out in anticipation of my thick cock. My darling Harlina had a beautiful pussy that I loved to suck, lick and fuck all the time. Her pussy had already began to ooze its sweet juice from deep inside and the sticky white fluid glistened as pearls at the entrance of her fuck tunnel. Thin threads of this white pussy juice had formed between her pussy lips and the fragrance that emanated from Harlina’s feminine hood was intoxicating and erotic. I did not want to rush in licking my sweet darling Harlina’s beautiful pussy. I wanted to pleasure her pussy to the zenith with my tongue before I actually plugged her cunt with my dick. The loud erotic moans of Harlina indicated that she wanted me to do something to her steamy pussy that craved for attention. I spread her legs and placed my head between them and near her hairless warm Malay pussy. 
