 It was county fair time again, and I was approaching the event with definite mixed feelings. Maybe it's true, maybe I am getting to be an old fogey, but for the most part I didn't like the changes I had seen in county fairs over the years.

It seemed to me that when I was a kid, the county fair was about seeing who made the best pickles, who grew the biggest squash and getting to actually see all those farm animals, and letting the kids pet and ride them. Nowadays, the fair is a bunch of carnival rides and over-priced food booths with has-been rock acts and "up and coming" country acts each night to draw in the crowd. I don't know which is worse, hearing some washed up, in name only rock group sleepwalk through some old hits or seeing some pretty boy in a cowboy hat. 

I think the country singers tick me off the most. They play watered down bar band rock and roll, but because they are all white, have short hair and hats, they are a "country" band. Every time I see one of them pretty boys, I wish Johnny Cash would come back to life and shoot Mr. Bighat down, "just to watch him die." Sigh, I really am getting old.

On the other hand, this new fangled county fair does have it's advantages. Because most folks are basically coming for a concert, they dress like it. Which means lots of pretty young women in short skirts or tight jeans, depending on whether it is a "has-been" night or a "hat-act" night. Either way, there is lots of big hair, low cut shirts and other appealing sights all around the fair grounds.

So I was prowling around on the opening night of the fair, taking all the sights. And actually it was going pretty well. It seemed that lately I had been getting many more smiles from younger women. Maybe they are just patronizing a doddering old man, or maybe they figure I might be a potential sugar daddy. Either way, getting second and even third looks from women who have less years on them than my shoes is good for the old ego.

I had been around the midway once or twice and was feeling rather "pumped up" as a sporting person might say, when I decided to partake of the more nostalgic side of the fair. I wandered into the exhibit halls about 45 minutes before the has-beens were to take the stage. I didn't even know there were any Beach Boys still alive. The few people who had been looking at the decorated cakes and jars of pickles were heading now in the opposite direction, toward the grandstand. I took in the sights of a time that was slowly fading, as the sun headed down. In no great hurry I wandered through the exhibit hall, exiting the back door into the gloaming.

I went into the first animal barn, which housed pigs and sheep mostly. It was just me and the animals. And their smell, of course. Going into the next barn I found the horses. A little more interesting at least. And then I noticed someone grooming a horse at the far end of the barn. The last light of day gave wonderful red highlights to her short curly hair. The curls bounced up and down, almost in slow motion with each brush stroke she made on the horse's side. It was actually quite a picture and I stood for a moment just admiring.

As I walked down the center aisle of the barn and got closer, I caught the eye of the young lady and smiled. She smiled back. I looked again and she did too. More smiles. Ego boosted. Then I realized that I knew her.

Cindy is one of those women that you just seem to see everywhere. She is a school teacher, youth leader and serves on boards and committees all over town. If you go to concerts, community events, school events or almost anything else, you'll see Cindy there. Not only is she there, she always has the biggest, brightest most wonderful smile on her face all the time. She gets so much done with that smile, it is irresistible to both men and women. And as I got closer I was seeing more and more of that smile, she had recognized me as well. Maybe there was some old time neighborliness to be had at the fair after all!

As I drew near, she rested the brush on the horse's shoulder, showing a profile that is extremely attractive. Her breasts are on the small side, but stand out beautifully. She will sometimes say that she thinks her butt is too big, but in those lace trimmed jean shorts, it looked perfect to me.

"Hey Cindy, I thought that was you!" Somehow she smiled even bigger and brighter than before, if she had asked me at that point, I would have licked the horse clean.

"Hey, Bill! What are you doing back here in ag-land?" In addition to being a school teacher, Cindy is also a real farm girl and occasionally likes to remind us town folk of that.

"Oh, just getting away from the plastic people in the grandstands. Seeing how the salt of the earth folks are getting along."

"We are getting along fine," she answered with her high pitched laugh.

"And you look great doing it." I couldn't help but add. Unfortunately she shied away from the compliment and went back to brushing. "I didn't know you had horses, Cindy,"  I continued to keep the conversation alive.

"Oh no, I don't. This belongs to a friend of mine. She wanted to see the show with her daughters, so I said I would do this for her."

"Awfully nice of you."

"Aww, it's no big deal, I have some of my cows and sheep here to show anyway. You know, I can't believe that I have been showing at the fair for 25 years now." Frankly, I couldn't believe this little tidbit of information either.

"Did you do your first fair when you were two years old or something?" I blurted out. Now, I wish I had been clever or laying on a compliment, but I wasn't. Cindy could easily pass for 25, her skin is perfectly smooth and has a wonderful youthful glow. Somehow, even the little "granny" glasses she favors make her look younger. If Ivory soap still does those commercials, Cindy could be a star.

"Goodness, Bill, I thought everyone in town knew I turned 40 last month." I didn't, and hearing it now, I was actually surprised.

"You do not look 40, at all," I said emphatically, "If you were just moving to town everyone would think you were student teaching." She looked at me and tried to size up whether I was buttering her up or telling the truth. It was definitely the latter and she smiled in appreciation. 

"Well, doesn't that just warm the cockles of my heart!" she said, and slowly walked toward me. As a dancer might, she moved beside me and offered herself. Taking the invitation, I slipped my arm around her narrow waist, and gave it a squeeze. She was soft and yielding as we stood side by side and arm in arm. I didn't dare tell her what she was doing to my cockles at the moment.

It was clear that her intention was certainly to get a hug from me, but only in passing. But as she started to turn to walk back to the horse, rather than letting go, I slip my arm up a bit higher, and pulled ever so slightly. Cindy could have easily slipped through my grasp and no one would be hurt and nothing lost. But she paused. I curled my arm just a bit more. She stopped. I reached out with my other arm and put it on her shoulder. We were now facing each other. I pulled her slightly, more in invitation than anything else.

Her lustrous curls were now just under my nose and her cheek resting on my chest and shoulder. Her arms reached around my back. I held her close and felt a surge of electricity flow from my chest down to my feet. How many times had I looked at this woman across a meeting table and dreamed of doing just this? More than I could count. I didn't want the dream to end, so I didn't squeeze her too tightly, she could still break off this hug if she wanted.

I looked down at her and she looked up at me. Those eyes and that smile, both a bit subdued at the moment were drawing me closer. "Cindy, you are so beautiful..." I said barely audibly. She smiled at the compliment. I leaned closer and closer to her until our lips met. 

The first kiss was chaste and sweet. I almost didn't want to break the spell by kissing more passionately, but slowly the passion did build. She seemed unsure and hesitant at first, but soon our tongues were entwined, searching, playing, exploring. My hands roamed freely, feeling her softness.

It was almost like being in high school again, making out with a pretty, soft and sweet girl for the first time. Learning what she liked, what I could and could not do, what limits were in place -- or whether there would be no limits at all. 

Breaking from a kiss, I noticed a bench just behind me and holding Cindy's hand, I went to sit down. To my surprise and delight, rather than sitting next to me, she took up residence on my lap, facing me squarely and straddling my legs. I cupped her face with my hands, just to feel her skin. I admired those deep blue eyes for some time and then gently drew her lips to mine. She was less hesitant and more assertive with her kissing now and it was getting difficult for the two of us to sit still.

I had noticed early on that the only thing between me and her lovely breasts was the t-shirt she was wearing. I reached for the hem of the shirt and began to lift it, but she stayed my hand. However, she did not break off our now very deep kiss. Thinking it was fear of being caught that lead her to resist me, I ran my hand up under her shirt and began to massage her breast gently. She then broke the kiss, smiled and sighed. As we resumed kissing, my fingers paid more attention to both of her nipples.

She was now fairly well bucking around on my lap. It was not really rhythmic, but rather each time a kiss or touch would please or excite her, she would slide forward or back or side to side. It was having a definite effect on me. It was clear now that I was not just kissing an angel, as I had started out feeling, but was making love to beautiful, sensuous woman.

Taking my hand from under her shirt, I placed it in the middle of her jean shorts. immediately she focused the movement of her hips on my hand and her breath and pace quickened. My hand was cupped to receive her pelvis and rubbed it intensely. Each movement produced a low moan or a drawn out, but quiet "oh yes." It seemed she was restraining herself just a bit to keep from being discovered, though the barn still seemed empty as the sound of "Good Vibrations" filled the summer air.

I desperately wanted to consummate our little affair, but was not entirely sure if she was ready or willing to do that. I pulled the snap on the front of her shorts open. She leaned back a bit and looked concerned, but said nothing. I pulled one side so the zipper slid down. She smiled, but did not stand so they could be removed. With one hand I cupped her back for support and reached my other hand down into her now open shorts. Cindy leaned close to me ear and whispered "Yes, oh I want that so much."

My fingers encountered moist cotton panties and a surprising amount of pubic hair. Her hair was soft and downy, much as I imagined it might be. I rubbed her labia and mons through her panties and she moaned softly as she leaned on my shoulder. After a few minutes, I pushed her panties to one side and pushed two fingers down along her pussy lips. She stifled a moan and said "Oh, god yes" through gritted teeth.

It took a few minutes, but finally we found a position where she could stay in my lap and my fingers could enter her easily. My fingers were curved slightly back toward myself and she could push her hips down until they were fully engulfed. I opened my thumb so that it ran between her labia and up to her clit with each movement. As she looked at me with anticipation, we heard the voices.

Someone had come into the barn! For some reason Cindy's response was to push her hips down so that my fingers were buried completely inside her. I had to admit, it probably did look like we were just hugging, from most angles anyway. First the voices seemed to be heading our way. And then suddenly it was quiet. Cindy had the better view.

"It was (mmmm) a couple of (aaahhh) kids," she squeaked out between low moans, "I think they (yes) want to do the (uh mmmhmm) same thing." Never had such a simple sentence taken so long to say. She grinned and added "I love it in there so deep...wiggle your fingers for me." Which I did. She flopped her head on my shoulder and said "Oh god, yes. That's perfect."

I alternated between wiggling fingers and gentle hand thrusts. My hand was getting tired, but it was nice having her just a bit further away than if we were having intercourse. It was easier to see her face and watch the waves of pleasure in her eyes.

Of course she didn't have any massive orgasms, but judging from her comments she certainly enjoyed her little hand ride. I finally had to say that my arm was going to fall off if we didn't stop and she asked for one more deep long finger wiggle, which seemed to satisfy her nicely.

Slowly, I removed my hand and put it back behind her hips. That Cindy smile was back and she said through clenched smiling teeth "Oh god, that was nice. Thank you, mmmmm" and she leaned forward and kissed me and as she did her body shook with pleasure.

After our kiss, she looked at me and said "Now, I suppose you'll want..."

"Well, if you don't mind, otherwise..."

"Oh, I don't mind one bit..." and there was that smile again.

After a quick look around, she efficiently opened my belt and fly and pulled my engorged cock through the opening in my boxers. She looked down briefly and then put her palm over the head with her fingers running down the shaft. We looked each other in the eyes as she at first gently and then more quickly pushed and pulled my hard cock.

She increased her pace as my breathing quickened and occasionally kissed me lightly on the lips. Her gentle, experienced hands expertly quickly brought me to the peak of pleasure which was heightened by being able to see her smile the whole time. When I couldn't take any more I started to say "Oh Cindy, god, I'm there, I'm gonna..." she clamped her lips on mine and give me the deepest, most passionate kiss of the night. Waves of excitement flowed from my pelvis up and down my body. Several quick contractions sent my semen into the palm of her hand. The whole while, I held her close and returned the passion of her kiss. After my orgasm subsided, she put her head on my shoulder once again and we rested like that for a while.

After I recovering for a bit, she laughed a little. "I used to do my boyfriend like that in high school, so he wouldn't make too much of a mess. I guess it still works."

"Yeah, I guess it does," I said a bit breathlessly. I now realized that in the humid summer air we had worked up quite a sweat. Cindy's dark nipples were clearly visible through her white t-shirt. I stared at her breasts and imagined what intercourse would be like with her. Wonderful, I was sure. She looked down to where I was staring. "Good thing I always bring a change of clothes to work in the barn," she winked.

"Maybe we can meet again sometime?" I was pretty sure I knew the answer.

"Oh, you betcha. But right now I got a horse to finish, and some chores before bed."

"Ok, you beautiful farm girl. You're the best. Maybe some day I can get on that chore list of yours," I said kissing her on the cheek.

She giggled "Well this was no chore, that's for sure. But we certainly don't have to wait for fair time, ya know."

"Not a problem," I said as I finished fixing my pants. "Cindy, you are the most beautiful woman in town and given half a chance, we could do this and more every night."

She just smiled. I stood up and held out my arms, she pressed against my chest and I squeezed her with immense affection. I dabbed one last kiss on her cheek and hitched up my pants one more time and headed for the back door of the barn. As I headed out of the barn, the night air was blessedly still. Thankfully the Beach Boys had finished their lame set and probably had been returned to their cryogenic storage unit. I thought I could hear a young woman giggling and sighing somewhere off in the distance. Perhaps the couple we saw before. Maybe someone else was finding love on a warm summer's night.