 [From the author: I hugely appreciate the feedback I received on part 1. The sequel here is longer and more romantic. Thanks to those who encouraged me to continue this story. Please let me know what you think.]

-------

That night, I felt as though my world had changed, and in a few ways, it had. I was stuck in a hospital room with a cast on my arm and a bunch of stitches in my head. And from what I understood, I lost my car in the accident. But that night, none of that mattered. That night, all I could think of was Annie.

I kept replaying the blowjob in my mind, and each time I fell deeper into my state of disbelief. Annie was always known to be a bit of a prude. Certainly not the kind of girl who would just casually go down on a guy. Not even a guy she was dating, let alone a platonic friend like me. She must have been overcome with guilt; that was my only explanation. It left me feeling conflicted - what happened that afternoon was something I'd wanted for years, and yet I was troubled by the notion that it was all motivated by guilt. After a short while, however, I set my conscience aside, admitted to myself that it was the best thing that ever happened to me, and fell asleep looking forward to Annie's next visit.

The next day, I woke up in the late morning with a sharp pain in my head. Fortunately, a nurse soon came to my aid with some pain killers. This wasn't the nurse who offered me the handjob the day before. This nurse was much more attractive. The pale-skinned, slender, thirty-something blonde introduced herself as Megan.

She offered a kind smile, "Looks like you're doing much better," to which I nodded. "Dr. Brown will come by in a minute to check in on your progress. We'll probably be able to release you today," she cheerfully reported.

As dull as it was just lying in my hospital bed, I was severely disappointed by this news. Before she left yesterday, Annie had promised she would visit again, and I had plenty of reason to believe that I was in for another treat. Now that I was deemed well enough to be released, my fun with Annie was about to be cut tragically short.

The doctor came in and was handed a folder from nurse Megan. "Thank you, Ms. Mason." Megan turned and gave me a pleasant look before she excused herself out of the room. The silver-haired doctor took a quick glance through the folder, which apparently contained my patient file. "So how are we feeling today?"

"Fine, doctor, although I was feeling some pain in my head and neck earlier in the morning."

"Hmmm, let's take a look at your neck brace," he said. The doctor continued with a series of questions and evaluated the condition of my other injuries. He concluded that he would need to re-do the neck brace, but that I was ready to be released that very afternoon. "We'll be able to check you out of here by 2pm," said the doctor.

Damn it, I thought. I knew Annie had a 3-hour lab in the afternoon that would keep her from visiting until 4pm at the earliest. Since I would certainly be released from the hospital by then, I reluctantly decided to call Annie to tell her that a visit wouldn't be necessary. I called for a nurse to request a phone. Megan came in with a cordless phone and a sunny smile .

"Here you are. Are you calling to have someone pick you up?" she asked.

"No, just need to tell my friend not to visit since I'll be gone. I actually think all my friends have class all afternoon, so none of them can really pick me up till much later."

"Well, the hospital has a shuttle van that can take you where you need to go. We'll have it arranged," she said, "anyway, I'll let you make your phone call." As Megan stepped out of the room, I took in a nice view of her nicely-shaped rear. Not bad at all, I thought to myself. Almost as good as Annie's.

I called Annie's cellphone, but she didn't answer. "Hi, this is Annie. Leave a message and I'll talk to you later. BEEP"

"Hey Annie, I just wanted to call and tell you that I, uh, I've been looking forward to seeing you today. But it turns out I'm going to be released before you get out of class, like at 2 o'clock I think... so, I guess we can't, uh, well, just don't come to the hospital, because I won't be there." With signs of frustration in my voice, I finished by simply saying, "I hope you get this message in time... Anyway, I'll talk to you later," and I hung up the phone. 

After a while, nurse Megan came by my room again, this time pushing a cart of equipment. "It's time to refit your neck brace."

As Megan stood by my side and worked on loosening my brace, I was able to get a closer look of her figure. I noticed that the top two buttons of her uniform were undone. Every now and then she tilted forward to allow a quick glimpse of her cleavage. A plentiful C-cup, I thought to myself.

"Now try to hold still, ok?" 

When the brace came off, my neck felt great in the open air. "Oh wow, it's nice to get that choker off of me."

"Yeah, a lot of our patients complain that their necks get itchy," she said, "I'll clean and wipe you down before we refit the brace."

"That'd be nice, thank you." I liked where this was going.

She undid the top of my gown to reveal my torso. I noticed myself, as if by reflex, sucking in my stomach and subtly puffing out my chest. Some where in my mind, I was hoping nurse Megan might find me attractive. As she began to wipe my neck with the warm sponge, my senses took me back to the sponge bath I had yesterday. I thought about the sweet, older nurse who offered me the handjob. I wondered whether or not she told Megan about the incident. If she had, then my chances of getting similar treatment were good, I figured. But it was hard to tell based on Megan's behavior. There was nothing suggestive about the way she sponged my chest, though it felt great against my skin regardless. It was arousing enough that I began to feel a stirring under my gown. As she worked her way down from my chest to my stomach, I replayed the scenario from yesterday's sponge bath when the nurse took notice of my huge erection. It all started from there, I recalled. One thing led to another and it ended unexpectedly with a mind-bending blowjob from Annie. As I thought back to it all, my erection rose to full attention and I made no effort to hide the protrusion in my gown. Then I noticed her eyes glance quickly down at my crotch and back up. My heart began to race. The sponge worked around my sides and stomach as I watched her, anxiously awaiting her next move. 

She then broke the silence in the room saying, "Here, I'll let you take it from here," and handed me the sponge.

"Oh, ok," I replied so plainly, that she would never have detected my profound disappointment.

"I'll give you a knock on your door in a short while, but take your time, ok?" She left the room and shut the door.

I mentally kicked myself for having set myself up for yet another letdown. First, Annie's visit can't happen, and now this. As soon as it occured to me that I would not find relief from my nurse, I began to wonder, and then worry that Annie's blowjob could prove to be only a one-time deal. Her words still echoed clearly in my head: "...It just hurts me so much to see you like this. I want to do whatever else I can to make it up to you... I'm going to take care of you until you're back on your feet..." Promising words with plenty of reason to be optimistic, if I wasn't well enough to be released from the hospital. Then, my thoughts continued to stir around further: Annie only went down on me because she felt guilty... She must have hated doing it... She'd have nothing to do with me, were it not for the accident... etc, etc.

As my mind went down this spiral of pessimism, I heard a knock on the door. "Are you all set?" It was the sweet voice of Megan. 

"Come on in," I called out.

The moment she walked in, she saw me and said, "Oh, would you like another minute?" 

"Nah, don't worry. I decided not to bother with the sponge bath."

"Oh, I wasn't talking about the sponge bath," she said.

"What do you mean?"

She spoke awkwardly, "Well, when I was cleaning you, it looked like, uh, you had some business to take care of..." She directed her eyes to the tent in my gown. "So I wanted to give you some privacy to sort it out."

"Oh," I laughed uncomfortably. "I appreciate that... but between the cast on my right arm and the bruises on my left, it's kinda difficult."

"Goodness, I'm sorry," she interrupted. "I forgot all about the bruises on your other arm. Sorry, I can be a real dits sometimes."

"Don't worry about it," I paused and continued tentatively, "I don't know how to ask this... but...my last nurse was willing to help me out with my problem, and I wondered, uh, if you could--"

"Yes, I know. Nancy told me about what happened yesterday. But I'm sorry. I really can't do that." 

"Oh, uh, no no no, of course," I stuttered. 

"Nancy eagerly does whatever she can to care for her patients, and I admire her for that. But I'm married and that's a line I don't want to cross," she explained.

"No no, I understand! I'm embarassed for even asking." I really was. My face must have been bright red.

"I wish I could help you. Although, you know, Nancy told me that you had a beautiful friend of yours finish you off yesterday. She'd be willing to help you once you're back home, I'm sure."

"That's just the thing. I don't know if she would. I really think she only did it because she felt guilty for my accident. Now that I'll be out of the hospital, well, I can't really expect much more."

Megan frowned with concern, "You guys aren't dating or anything?"

"I've been crazy about Annie for years. Since I first met her my freshman year. But I don't think she's ever seen me as anything other than a friend."

"Does she know how you feel?" asked Megan.

"Yes, she has to. I mean, I never told her or asked her out. But Annie knows me too well. I can tell she's always been a little careful with me. You know, careful not to lead me on, or anything... Even when she gives me a hug, it usually feels a little distant. That's why I can hardly believe what happened yesterday! To think that she actually went down on me..."

"Oh wow, she did? Nancy didn't tell me that," Megan's face lit up with interest.

"It was so surreal... still is. And I can't imagine it happening again."

Megan thought for a moment. "Well, let me tell you what I think," she said. "It sounds to me like your friend Annie really cares about you. See, when a girl makes an effort not to lead you on, it isn't to protect herself. It's to protect you from getting hurt. If she wanted to indulge, she could encourage you to have feelings for her and enjoy all the attention. But she doesn't, because she's looking out for you. You know what I mean?"

"Yeah... I sorta do. I think you're right."

"And the fact that she took that extra step to help you - to even go down on you - says a lot. It seems to me that it wasn't simply her feelings of guilt that made her do that. It may not be a romantic thing for her, or even a sexual thing on her part, but she genuinely cares about you. And that's something you should feel good about."

She was right. So often I obsessed over the affection I wasn't getting from Annie and was blind to the ways she cared. I thanked Megan for her comforting words. She gave me a kind pat on the shoulder and went on to refit my neck brace.

"You're all set," she said with a smile. "The hospital's shuttle van is scheduled to pick you up at 2pm, so you should probably get dressed and collect your belongings. I'll accompany you to the registration desk to check out, if you'd like."

"That'd be great. Thanks, Megan."

I changed into my street clothes with some help with the shirt from Megan. As we walked out of the room and down the hall, Megan and I exchanged some small talk about our daily lives. I checked myself out at the desk and it was time to say goodbye to Megan who had one last thing to say. "You know," she smiled warmly, "I think you're a really sweet guy. I think you should tell Annie how you feel. If you're so convinced that she knows already, then you have nothing to lose. And you'll always regret it if you don't."

"You're probably right... maybe I should... I'm going to think about that. Thanks for everything, Megan. And when you see Nancy, tell her I said, 'thank you' too."

We exchanged our goodbyes as I limped into the van. On my way home, I thought about what Megan had said. All these years, I've wanted to tell Annie, and I still did. But the timing was definitely not right. I feared it would only make matters weirder than they already were. And the last thing I wanted to do was jeopardize my chances, if any, of another sexual encounter like yesterday's.

When the van pulled into my apartment's driveway, I noticed a familiar silver oldsmobile parked in my spot. It was Annie's. I thanked the driver and hurried out to the entrance of my building. I walked in to find Annie standing there in front of my apartment door.

"Annie! Oh my god! How long have you been waiting?"

"Oh, don't worry about me. How are you feeling?"

"Fine, as long as I've had my pain killers." 

"Haha, drugs are good," she joked. "Did they give you a prescription?"

"Yeah, they gave me enough for the next two days, but I'll need to stop by the pharmacy at some point."

"I can give you a ride to CVS," offered Annie.

"Yeah? Ok, that'd be great. Maybe not just yet though. I just want to sit on my couch for a little while. Come on in."

I unlocked and held the door open, ushering her in. As I watched her enter my apartment, I admired Annie's slender figure that was well-complemented by the same tight jeans and a white blouse with the sleeves folded up. Her long chestnut hair swayed gently with each stride from her slim, long legs. She looked great as always.

"Gosh," she said, "I haven't been here in a while!"

"Yeah, I guess it's been since my superbowl party," I replied as I plopped myself onto one side of the couch. 

"Wow, that was - what, three months ago?" Annie came over to sit on the other end.

"Yeah, I guess so..."

This was followed by a brief but tense silence that seemed to beg the question: Who's going to bring up what happened yesterday? I spoke first, "I was shocked to see you at my door! So you got my message?"

"Yeah, my lab ended early, so I called the hospital to see if you needed a ride. They told me you were already checked out and that your ride was already arranged," she shrugged, "so I hurried over to beat you home and surprise you."

"Well, it worked!"

More silence. Again, I spoke first. "Listen... Annie, I've been thinking non-stop about what happened yesterday..."

"...me too..." Annie said quietly, her head pointed to the floor.

I couldn't manage to look at her directly either, but I continued, "It was amazing. It was, well, like a dream... And all day today, I've been agonizing over whether or not it would happen again. But not only that... no, more importantly, whether or not you did it solely out of guilt..."

She turned to me and spoke gently, "To be completely honest, yes, I offered to do it because I felt responsible for the accident. The fact that you lost your car, and when I first saw you... with this huge cast and bandages around your head... it all made me so emotional, and I wanted to make it up to you somehow." Annie paused and then went on, "But... as I put my hand on you... well, what started out as an attempt to relieve some of my own feelings of guilt, turned into something else... I wanted desperately to make you feel good..."

Not sure of how to respond, I said simply, "Annie, believe me, you succeeded," and let out a nervous laugh.

"I don't know if you knew this - I had never given a blowjob before."

"Really?"

"The thought of it always grossed me out. But with you, I didn't hesitate for a second. Not because I felt obligated or something... or because I was trying to win your forgiveness. It was nothing like that at all... I wanted to make you feel good, because... well because I really care about you... and to think that I could have lost you in that accident..." her voice shook and her eyes began to well up with tears.

"Come here," I extended my injured arms to her and we embraced. She continued to cry with her head buried between my cast and neckbrace. As we held eachother in our arms, I thought back again to the last thing nurse Megan told me. It seemed like now was as good a time as any. Annie's emotional outpour began to cool, we released eachother, and our eyes met.

"Annie, I think you know... I think you've always known..." I took a moment to collect my thoughts, placed my hand on hers, and continued, "we've become very close friends over the years... and that's always made me feel really fortunate... but in my heart, I always wanted more..."

I could hear my own chest pounding as I continued, "And though I knew you only viewed me as a friend, and as hard as I tried, I was never able to put you out of my mind. Because..." I hesitated and paused to think.

"...because?" she prompted with a look of anticipation.

And just as I gathered enough courage to say it, Annie leaned in and gently pressed her lips against mine. They were the softest, sweetest lips I'd ever kissed. We closed our eyes and opened our mouths as the kissing became increasingly passionate. At that point, there were no thoughts running through my mind. My senses were taken over entirely by her intoxicating lips and tongue that seemed to melt away the rest of my body.

I pulled my mouth away from hers and began to kiss her long, white neck. As if the sweet smell and touch of her satin skin weren't maddening enough already, she began releasing short, soft moans with each firm kiss I planted on her neck. As my mouth alternated between long, deep kisses on her mouth, neck, and shoulders, my one available hand awkwardly caressed her back and sides, tentatively navigating the boundaries.

Then, I heard her say in her breathiest tone, "...You can touch me if you want..." Music to my ears.

As my lips continued to work her neck, I took my nervous hand and gently cupped her right breast over her blouse. My mouth worked its way down along her collar bone and down to the opening of her shirt. I fumbled a bit with her buttons as I had only my left hand, but was eventually able to undo her blouse and fling it away. I squeezed her breasts over her lacey bra and kissed her glorious cleavage that had haunted my imagination all day yesterday. Annie then reached behind and unclasped her bra. I held my breath as she let the straps slide off along her arms releasing her gorgeous B-cups. Just as I'd dreamed and hoped for so long, they were perfect. Her small pink nipples juxtaposed against her milky white flesh were truly a thing of beauty. "Annie, they're beautiful..." Without hesitation I feasted on them, licking, and sucking her nipples as I'd done in my fantasies countless times.

As my tongue flicked and drew circles around her nipples, she moaned louder, arching her back and tossing her hair. By now my cock was pressing so hard against my jeans, I had to take my hand off of her chest to reach down and adjust my pants. But before I had the chance, Annie grabbed my hand. She shot me a playful look, "Let me take care of that..." Her hands reached over and began to undo my belt buckle.

"Oh yes, Annie..." I exhaled. She unzipped my jeans and pulled them off from under my ass. She gazed for a moment at the tent in my boxers and proceeded to pull them down to my ankles. As my raging erection flung upward, I kicked my boxers off my ankles to the side. She got up from the couch and stood before me. Her tall, slender figure was truly a wonder to behold. She thumbed the edge of her panties, and with a hint of nervousness in her voice, uttered the words I would never forget: "How do you want me?"
