 When I woke up in my hospital room, I could only remember parts of what had happened to me. I was driving on a highway when a pickup truck had clipped one of my rear tires. My car spun around off the road and flipped a few times - that much I remembered. Where was I driving to? I had no clue. Was I alone in the car? Then my heart skipped a beat and filled up with anxiety. Something in my mind told me Annie might have been in the passenger seat. Annie, one of my closest friends from college was also my first and biggest college crush. The feeling was never mutual and we remained friends, but her silky brown hair, hazel eyes, and luscious lips always kept me up at night. Now I feared she might be in the next hospital room in the same condition as mine or even worse.

My neck was held in place by a thick, sweaty brace and my right arm was in a cast. The top of my head was also wrapped in bandages. As I continued to examine my injuries, the door opened. In came a short middle-aged nurse with brown hair and glasses.

"Oh good, you're up. I guess you've slept long enough. You have a guest." She stepped half-way out the door, "Come on in, he's awake."

It was Annie. In a combination of relief and excitement, I tried to leap from my bed, but nothing moved. Annie had a troubled expression on her face - I must have looked pretty beaten up.

"I'll leave you two alone," said the nurse, "let me know if I can get you anything." She gave me a wink, left, and closed the door.

Annie walked up to me and placed her hand on my arm.

"I...I'm so sorry... Are you feeling any better?" she looked as though she was going to cry.

"I'm ok, now that you're here! I can't remember what happened. For a little while, I was worried you might have been in the car with me!"

"You don't remember?" She looked distressed.

"Well, I know I was run off the road, but I can't remember what happened before or after."

She took a deep breath before she spoke, "You're here because of me..." Her eyes began to water. "You were driving to the airport to pick me up. Someone found you unconscious on the side of the road and called an ambulance."

"Holy shit. What about my car?"

"It's totalled." By now tears were streaming down her cheeks.

"Hey, don't cry. It's really not your fault. Accidents happen."

Her lips quiverred as she spoke, "But you wouldn't have been on the road had I not asked you to pick me up!"

If I could have hugged her to comfort her I would have. But my right arm was completely immobilized with the cast. I held her hand with my left, "Please, don't think that. Really, don't blame yourself."

It was a tender moment, the kind I had always wanted to share with Annie. "Here why don't you sit down." She took the chair that sat next to my bed and we continued to chat for a little while. She knew a lot more about my condition than I did - 30 stitches in my head, broken right shoulder and collar bone, and bruises all over my upper body. Apparently, I was lucky - the seatbelt had saved my life and also kept me from damaging my lower body. As we continued to talk I took notice of how good she looked. Her slender frame was complemented by her gentle curves that showed nicely through her red tank top and tight jeans.

"I wish I could stay and keep you company, but I have to go to class now."

I didn't even know what time it was. As Annie got up from her chair, she leaned over and kissed my forehead. The sweet gesture was a pleasant surprise but more of my attention was taken by the point-blanke look I had down her tank top. She was wearing a white lacey bra that hugged her beautiful milky flesh. It was the most of her cleavage that I'd ever seen and I wish I could have paused time at that moment.

"I'll try to visit again later this afternoon, ok?" As she left the room I took a leisurely look at her perfectly rounded ass. 

While she was gone, my mind was totally dominated by visions of Annie. I wanted her so badly and she knew it. Annie's known for years, and we'd never discussed it. She always made sure not to lead me on, which is why the kiss on the forehead was so surprising. Maybe she did it because she felt so guilty about the accident. Whatever the case, I couldn't stop thinking about her. 

Though my upper body was mostly immobilized, my lower body proved it was as lively as ever with a raging hard-on. My cock was demanding attention and I tried to stroke it off with my opposite hand since my right-hand was stuck in its cast. Not only was my left hand too uncoordinated but pain shot through my arm and shoulder each time because of the huge bruises. I had to stop and my balls began to ache a bit. As hard as I tried, I couldn't get my mind off of Annie.

An hour or so had passed but my erection managed to persist. The door knocked again. My heart (and cock) stirred for a moment as I hoped it would be Annie. I covered myself and said, "Come in." It was the same middle-aged nurse. "I'm here to give you your bath." 

Uh oh.

With my cock still erect this was bound to be embarassing. She undid the top of my hospital garb and began to sponge my chest and worked around my casted shoulder and neck. It felt suprisingly refreshing. I closed my eyes and tried to imagine that the nurse was Annie. It was a bad idea, though, since it only made my cock harder.

"Oh my!" she exclaimed. Caught. She took notice of my enormous erection.

I apologized immediately, "I'm sorry, please don't get the wrong idea. I was thinking about somebody before you got here."

She giggled, "Don't worry, I know. You wouldn't go for an old lady like me. You were thinking about your girlfriend, right?"

She seemed understanding enough and I sighed with relief, "Well, she's not my girlfriend, sadly. Annie's just a friend."

"Oh, that's too bad. But you must like this Annie a lot; she's gorgeous," she smiled.

"Yes she is. Here, I can take over from here."

As I gestured for the sponge, she rested her hand on my thigh and said, "Ok, if you'd be more comfortable cleaning your own private area, that's fine, but I'd be happy to do it for you." I stammered for a second and she went on, "And besides, you really look like you could use some relief."

"Uhhh... excuse me?"

She looked directly in my eyes, "I can give you a hand if you'd like. Don't worry; I've done it many times before. It's some what of a standard procedure."

My mind said, "No way," but my cock seemed to beg, "Yes please." God, I thought to myself, why couldn't a younger, attractive nurse offer me the same? But like she said, I really needed the relief so I ashamedly gave in, "Ok, I would like that actually."

"Good," she smiled. She wrapped her fingers around my cock and whispered, "You can close your eyes and pretend this is your friend Annie's hand."

I chose to do just that. I put together a complete image of Annie just as she was when she visited earlier - red tank top, jeans, etc. - only now she was stroking my cock with expert skill. The mental images and physical sensations blended into ecstasy as I relished every second. As her soft hand picked up its pace I began to feel an urgent pressure in my balls. Just as I was getting close, the nurse's pager went off. The high-pitched beeping took me out of the mental picture, and her hand off my cock, as she checked to see what the matter was.

"Oh my, I'm needed down the hall. Looks like an emergency. I'm sorry to do this, but I'll have to pick up where I left off when I get back. We're currently short-staffed." She dashed out of the room before I could protest. 

My cock was quiverring from the anticipation of relief. I was probably close enough to finish myself off despite the pain in my arm, but I was enjoying the handjob so much that I was willing to wait for my nurse to come back. She would have to return sooner or later to retrieve the sponge and bucket, I figured. I waited there staring at my cock standing firm in the air like a flagpole. I grew anxious as my cock continued to demand my attention. I resisted the temptation to take hold of the situation and finish myself off, knowing it would be worth the wait.

After a few minutes which seemed like hours, I was elated to hear a knock on the door. I shouted, "Oh thank god you're back. Come in! I'm dying over here!"

When the door opened, my heart almost flew out of my chest. It was Annie. I frantically tried to cover myself but my bruised arm couldn't respond in time. She turned her head away, embarassed, and yelled, "Sorry!"

"No, no, no I'M sorry - it's my fault. I told you to come in. I thought you were the nurse!"

Annie turned back towards me now that I was somewhat concealed. She saw the sponge and bucket of soapy water, "Ohhh, I see, you were in the middle of getting a bath."

"Yeah, nurse had to leave because of an emergency." My heart was pounding from the embarassment of having exposed myself, to Annie, of all people.

It was clear that she was trying her best not to glance at the tent in my hospital garb. "Is she coming back or are you going to get another nurse?" she asked.

"Well, I don't know. I hope the same nurse comes back."

She giggled and joked, "Why? Do you like getting your sponge baths from older nurses?"

"No, no. She's just nice, that's all."

"Isn't it weird getting bathed by a nurse like that? I mean, she must be at least 40."

"Yeah probably. She's just doing her job, I guess."

She came over and sat in the chair next to my bed. "Did she clean... you know... down there too?"

"No, she hadn't gotten to cleaning that yet..."

"Oh," she smiled, "well, I thought she might have, because you were looking rather... aroused when I walked in!"

I could feel my own face blush. Fuck it, I thought. I decided to be honest with her. "Ok, to tell you the truth, I had a bit of a painful erection and... this is really embarassing but... my nurse was nice enough to offer a hand."

"Really!? Wow, I thought that only happened in porn..." she seemed surprised but not disgusted, thankfully.

"Yeah. But she had to leave abruptly. And so when you knocked on the door I was so... uh, excited thinking it was her, I didn't bother to cover myself. I'm really sorry you had to see that."

"No, don't be sorry. Are you ok? Are you in pain right now?" Her delicate face showed genuine concern.

Normally, I would have been too embarassed to answer such a question, especially with Annie, but having already exposed myself, I openly admitted, "Well, yeah. I mean, see for yourself."

Annie looked over to the bulge in my hospital garb, "Oh wow, no kidding."

"Ah, it's ok. Hopefully the nurse will be back soon," I said.

Then there was a brief silence. "You know," Annie paused, "I've been thinking all day..."

"Yeah?"

"... that you wouldn't have gotten in that accident if I hadn't asked you for a ride from the airport... and..."

"No, no," I interrupted, "don't think of it that way."

"Please," she said firmly, "you got hurt doing me a favor." Annie placed her hand on my thigh and my cock flinched sharply. She looked at me with her beautiful hazel eyes and continued, "Let me do you a favor."

She slid her chair over towards my legs so she could get closer. My heart was pounding with anticipation. She stared at my bulge for a moment and seemed somewhat hesitant. I could tell she was a little afraid.

"Annie, you don't have to do this... Really, it's ok, if you're uncomfortable..."

"No, I want to do this for you. Just leave everything to me." She reached over, undid my garb, and my cock eagerly sprang out. I watched with anxious delight as her hand cautiously approached. A thrilling surge of pleasure ran through my body as she wrapped her cool, delicate fingers around my hot shaft. I let out a soft moan as she began to stroke up and down. Unlike earlier with the nurse, I didn't have to close my eyes and imagine - this really was Annie. As she increased her pace gradually, the pleasure doubled, then tripled, and on and on. As difficult as it was, I tried to control my breath to keep myself from coming too soon. I was determined to prolong this as much as possible. It was like a dream. As she pumped harder, I fought even harder to keep my load. Just as I was getting close, she stopped.

I shot her a look of disappointment as she slumped back in her chair. "This doesn't seem to be working," she said. My cock couldn't have disagreed more, since I was only seconds away from exploding.

And then it happened.

She scooted to the front of her chair, leaned over, took a hold of me, and wrapped her soft lips around my cock. I let out an audible gasp. Annie's mouth gave me the biggest shock of my life. Those lips that I'd dreamed of for years were now sliding up and down my shaft. The feeling was rivaled only by the sight of it. Her gorgeous brown locks tossed around as her head bobbed in my lap. I was in heaven.

My voice quiverred, "Ohhhh... Annie... Oh god, I've wanted this for so long..."

She worked her tongue like a pro, swirling and slurping the bulb and underside. As she slid her lips down my cock, I warned her, "Annie, I'm close." When she resumed her sucking, I warned her again, "Annie, I'm coming!!" Her head bobbed even faster ramming my cock deep in her throat. "AHHHHH!!!!!" I came for what felt like a solid minute as Annie swallowed each drop. I was panting hard and sweating, completely exhausted, while she continued to gently suck me as I turned soft. No longer concerned with holding my load, I leisurely enjoyed the view and delicately took in each sensation as her lips, with their loving caress, brought me back down.

She pulled off and slumped back in her chair, "All better?" she grinned.

In a combined state of shock and profound pleasure, I replied, "I've never been better."

"Despite the broken bones, huh?" she said.

"Yeah, I'd forgotten all about those," I said with a laugh which was followed by an awkward pause. 

"I..." she murmured, "...it just hurts me so much to see you like this. I want to do whatever else I can to make it up to you."

"Well," I smiled, "Annie, it would really make me happy if..." I stopped to think for a moment.

"If what?" she asked eagerly, "come on, tell me."

"...if you visit me again tomorrow."

Annie's face lit up, "Of course! Are you kidding? I'm going to take care of you until you're back on your feet, ok?"

"Ok," I could feel my heart dancing. There was a knock on the door. "Come in." It was the nurse.

"Oh, you're back," the nurse greeted Annie with a warm smile. "I'm sorry to do this, but visiting hours ended a few minutes ago."

"I'm so sorry," said Annie, "I'll get going then." We exchanged goodbyes and a knowing look and Annie was gone.

"Sorry I left you hanging, dear," apologized the nurse.

"No, no. I'm really glad you did, actually."

"Why?" asked the nurse. She then read the look on my face and realized that Annie had taken care of the situation. "Oh," she said, "I'm sorry I made her leave then!"

"Don't worry," I told her, "she'll be back again tomorrow."

...to be continued...