 Pandora noticed him as soon as he entered the hostel dorm. He was tall, good looking, with dark hair and just enough beard. What she really noticed was the huge bulge in his shorts. She was pretty certain he wasn't hard, but that made it even more remarkable. He noticed where her gaze had stopped, and smiled at her and asked if the bed next to hers was taken. She blushed and said he was welcome to it. He sat down and unpacked his things and they made polite small talk. He had had a long coach ride and was eager to get out of his travel weary clothes and into a much-needed shower. He wasn't shy, so he undressed with his back to her. However, even though his cock was flaccid, it was very obvious between his thighs, even from behind. She had been sneakily perving on him getting undressed anyway, as he had a great athletic figure, but she had to hide her gasp when she saw the enormity of his penis.

As he walked out of the room to go and shower, he looked back at her and smiled innocently. As soon as he was out of sight she knew she had to follow him and experience that magnificent weapon. She could only imagine how colossal it would be hard. She undressed quickly, grabbed her towel and followed him into the shower room. They were unisex communal showers, but luckily there wasn't anyone else around. She could see him with his back to her, getting drenched by the warm refreshing water. She walked up behind him as quietly as she could manage, but he turned around and caught her. He smiled mischievously and held out his hand for her to join him under the shower. His large, strong hands caressed her back, slowly down to her curvaceous ass and grabbed it to bring her body close to him as he kissed her passionately. Her knees nearly buckled but he held on to her tightly. As they kissed more deeply and with more intensity, his formidable dick began to harden.

She felt it against her stomach, she sank down and squeezed his monstrous cock between her tits, only half enveloping it, it was so girthy. She used her hands on his shaft, lubing them up with her spit and his precum. Gripping with hard deliberation, she circled her tongue around his glistening head, taking it as far down her throat as she could manage. Every one of his inches was soaking with spit or precum, so that her hands, mouth and tits slid up and down with silky ease. He moaned with pleasure at his huge cock being caressed in a plethora of pleasurable ways. She even ensured that his balls were taken care of, intermittently squeezing and slapping them, feeling them sway heavily against her toned stomach.

She worked his gigantic cock furiously with her hands, mouth and tits he finally blew his enormous load into her eager mouth. The first spurt hit the back of her hungry throat, filling her mouth right up. The second spurt he shot all over her already moist tits. She swallowed his seed eagerly and obediently as she looked up at him gratefully with her huge round blue eyes and licked her blushing lips.

Her tits were entirely covered by his massive load of cum, so she wiped some off and used it as lube to stroke his cock to keep it hard, because she was desperate to have it inside her soaking wet pussy. To heighten her arousal, he gently licked his cum from her perky full breasts, teasing his tongue around her nipples and sucking them intently. She writhed and moaned with pleasure, increasing her grip and speed on his cock. Soon it was fully hard again he pushed her against the wall of the shower and impaled her on his gigantic member. She was incredibly tight and it was a struggle to enter her, even though she was practically gushing with wetness. Her cunt enveloped him and he filled her right up to her cervix. She wrapped her strong legs around his waist to keep herself in position as he rammed her hard up against the wall. He pounded her pussy relentlessly as she screamed and moaned, not caring if anyone heard her. Finally he blew another huge load inside her stretched little hole. As he pulled out, his abundant cum trickled out of her, down her inner thighs.

She stood with her legs wide apart, his cum slowly oozing out of her. He knelt down and grasped her ass with both hands while he traced his tongue down her thigh, following the trail of his own cum, licking up every drop until he got to her pussy. He plunged his tongue into the sopping mess of her cunt and his cum and drank it all. He flicked his tongue playfully over her super sensitive clit, causing her whole body to shiver with pleasure. He traced circles around it, and sucked it intermittently. He pushed his two fingers of his right hand into her still throbbing pussy and slowly moved them in and out, massaging her g-spot with every motion, making her writhe and moan with gratification. 

He withdrew his fingers from her aching pussy, and as they were already lubed well with her own juices mixed with his cum, he pushed them slowly into her tight asshole, making her groan. He then took two fingers of his left hand to take the place of his right in her well-fucked pussy, filling both holes. This combined with his expert attention on her clit brought her immense sensation and so close to climax. She couldn't handle the pleasure anymore of both her holes being filled and her clit being teased and sucked, so she orgasmed with such an intensity that she screamed and moaned so loudly everyone in the hostel heard. They didn't care about being found out and they washed each other's fluids off themselves and returned to their dorm, hoping to continue their escapades.