 How in the world did anyone ever find this bar in the first place? I would not expect a house to be on this little dirt road in the woods, much less a bar full of people. And talk about full! I could hear the sounds through the closed car windows and immediately began to rethink accepting this invitation from my brother-in-law to come here.

I had been living in an apartment for over two months after I took a job offer in the same town where my brother-in-law, Stan, lived with his wife Bette. My wife and family were still back in Ohio waiting for school to end before they would join me in another two months.

Knowing that I was probably bored out of my gourd sitting in the apartment alone every night, Stan called and invited me to a birthday bash for a friend at a country bar.

"Hey, it'll be cool!" he pitched. "There will be a whole lot of people there, so you won't look out of place. Probably a lot of free beer, probably some karaoke and dancing. We won't stay out too late; come on. It'll be fun." 

What have I got to lose? An evening in front of the boob tube or free beer? I'm there.

"Oh, yeah, wear shorts and flip-flops. It's real casual. I mean, real casual," Stan offered.

But I mean, really, there's casual, and there's this... this bar in the woods. Yeah, it's got beer signs outside, so they have electricity, that's good. But it's in the woods! All I could see nearby were little wooden shacks.

But we parked and walked into the place. The noise was deafening, but the first thing I felt was a cold bottle of beer being pushed in my hands, and this big, burly hulk of a guy with a huge smile saying "hi."

"Uh, hi, I'm Brad," I offered.

But before I could thank him or even get his attention he had turned and grabbed Stan by his shoulder whipping him around and pushing a beer into his hand.

"Mike!," Stan shouted. I could barely make out what Stan was telling me, but it was something like, "Brad, this is Mike. He organized the party."

"Hey Mike," I grabbed his huge paw, still cold and wet from holding the beer.

"Go eat," he yelled in my ear. "There's a full table over there with lots of good shit. Help yourself."

And he was off being the good host. 

I followed Bette as she hugged and laughed with her friends as she'd meet them. When she noticed me behind her she began to introduce me to the ladies explaining who I was and my situation.

Each said hello and told me that I was going to have fun tonight.

I smiled and thanked them and headed toward the food. 

With my plate piled high I made my way to a far corner of the saloon to eat and drink and just watch the festivities. Boy, this place was packed and it seemed that everybody knew each other, and as I feared, I was the odd one out.

The crowd looked to be a bit older than me, quite a bit older than me. I figured most at probably 50 and above. Due to lack of female companionship over the last few, long weeks, I had developed a habit of watching pretty girls in public and playing with my fantasies. Well, it sure looked like slim pickings tonight, unless I raised my minimum age by a few decades. I should have guessed, I mean, Stan's about 10 years older than me, so naturally his friends... oh well.

And then I saw her. A blonde came walking out of the kitchen with a casserole dish in her gloved hands. Compared to everyone else in the place she was hot! Yeah, she probably would not have made my radar in a crowded mall, but at least I knew that I would have some entertainment this evening just watching this beauty move about the place.

It was as if I were in a trance watching her rearrange the table to fit the dish. She had short blonde hair and was full-figured. No, not really fat, but with an ample bosom; no, I mean really big tits. Her ass was the absolute perfect size for her frame - not huge but just right. I saw her joke with some of the guys near the table, and she had a real flirty manner about her. Damn, who was she? And is she going to stay in the kitchen all night? I immediately started a fantasy about her. I just wanted to see those tits again.

My reverie was broken when Bette and one of her friends came to sit at the table with me. 

"Brad, this is Susie. She's the wife of the birthday boy," Bette offered.

I shook her hand and we talked a bit about our jobs, her hubby, the kids. Then a couple of more of the women came by to see Bette, and I was introduced to them as well. I realized that I was meeting just the women and few of the guys. I kinda liked that.

"Who's the kid?" another lady coming from the bar asked Bette. It's been a long time since I was called a kid, and at 42 you'd think I could sit at the grown-up table. But like I said, the crowd was appreciably my senior.

As I was talking to one of the women on my left I felt two strong arms grab my shoulders, and I looked forward in surprise. Blondie was right there holding me at arm's length looking at me! I was trying to figure out what was going on. Did she see me ogling her? Did I do something wrong? Damn, those tits are even bigger up close! All of these things went through my mind in milliseconds.

"Oh my god, I thought he was Earl, Bette! I was saying, 'what's Earl doing here?' He kind of looked like Earl from the side, but he's a whole lot better looking than Earl, that's for sure!" she exclaimed.

The other women concurred, "you got that right," "he's not Earl, that's for sure," "he makes Earl look like a pile of shit." 

I didn't know who Earl was, but I'm glad I wasn't him. But I'm glad I resembled him if only to get Blondie's attention.

"Hi, I'm Frankie," she offered.

I started, "I'm..."

"This is my brother-in-law, Brad," Bette began her story which all the other women had already heard.

"So, you moving here?" Frankie asked.

"Yes, I'm living in an apartment now near downtown. Nice commute; I walk to work."

"Oh, a bachelor pad, huh? Bet there's some wild times in there some nights," she winked at me and laughed with the women.

"Oh yeah, real wild, like when I burn the popcorn in the microwave, or wash whites with colors," I joked.

We laughed a bit more, then Frankie left to take care of the food table again.

Bette offered, "she's Mike's wife, you know."

No, I didn't know. I didn't understand if she was just stating a fact or giving me a warning. Whatever, I could still watch her move about, but from now on I was going to make sure that Mike didn't catch me.

I ate a bit more and drank even more. I even paid for a couple of drinks when one of the friends wasn't watching. There were a few older guys there who took pleasure in filling their buddies' needs in the drinking department. I guess an ego thing. I even got cussed at for buying a beer by some old coot sitting at the bar.

"Damn, boy. Tell me next time you need a fucking beer. You don't need to be going spending none of your own damn money," he slurred.

I thanked him and told him I'd get him next time.

Before I made it back to my table bright lights came on and the jukebox was silenced. Mike had a microphone in his hand and wished a happy birthday to whoever the guy was who was having this birthday... Susie's husband, whatever his name is. Then he thanked all those people who helped put on the party, especially his wife, Frankie, who worked her butt off organizing food, but she's still got a ways to go to work it all off, he quipped. Then he thanked everybody for showing up to celebrate. Then he thank me saying "We even got people who came all the way from Ohio to be here tonight. Thanks for coming, Brad!"

And the ladies started to clap and cheer. Then the men started joking and hollering about the "young thing" or "fresh meat." 

As soon Mike finished speaking the lights were lowered again and the voice of a DJ came on saying it was dancing time. Of course, this being a country bar the music of choice was country and western, and the first song was a line dance song. All the women, at least those that could stand, attacked the dance floor and began moving as one, in rhythm with the music. Damn, some of those old women could move!

But, of course, one stood out from the lot - Frankie. She was there, over to the right, dancing with a wiggle that was driving me crazy. I watched her heavy breasts bounced as she moved and bounced herself.

Dammit, I was getting an erection just watching her. I felt like I was back in high-school again. Let's see, it's been eight damn weeks since I got laid. Hell, I'm overdue for an erection about now. Might as well sit back and enjoy it. I could take matters in hand when I got back home.

The next few songs were the old classics, some Texas Swing and two-steps. I enjoyed watching the couples having fun on the floor. I wish that my wife were here to dance or that I could work up the courage to ask one of the women to dance. Of course, I knew which one I would ask.

A hand on my shoulder "woke" me up from my daydreaming. Frankie.

"Come on," she said as she grabbed my hand and led me to the dance floor.

I didn't even have time to object. It was almost like a continuation of my fantasy where I was watching her from afar. Now I was watching her right in front of me, and, boy, was I getting an eyeful!

She gyrated to the music with an extra beat in her hips; her boobs bouncing about barely controlled beneath her blouse. I stared openly with a smile on my face as I tried to move to the music as well.

She saw me staring a few times but would just smile, close her eyes and turn her head. Maybe it was my imagination, but every time she would catch me stealing a look at her chest she would put just a little more "oomph" in her hips, or she would turn around with her back to me and thrust her cheeks towards me.

Shit, I was dancing with a hard-on now. Yep, just like in high school over 20 years ago.

When the song ended, I took her hand and thanked her for the dance; she instead responded by hugging me tightly.

"I just saw you sittin' there by yourself, and I just had to be a good hostess," she aaid into my ear.

I limped back to my seat, thankful for the dim light offering camouflage to my swollen crotch.

Twenty minutes. That's how long it took for my dick to recede. And that's how long it took for Frankie to approach my table for another dance.

"I figured you're too shy to ask me, but I'm not too shy to ask the cutest boy in the room to dance with me," she said.

"Well, cutest girl, cutest boy, they should dance together, don't you think?" I asked.

"Yep, they should," she paused to consider me and smiled.

Now, I don't two-step too well, so she yelled in my ear that she would lead. Fine by me. I have to say I did pretty good after a while. We weren't the best couple on the dance floor, but not too shabby. But one thing I did notice, and believe me, it was hard not to notice, that a couple of buttons had been undone at the top of her blouse, because she was now showing cleavage where before there was none visible. And trust me, that was the first thing I looked for when she came to the table the first time. But now I could see the valley of pleasure directly beneath her neck. My fantasies were interfering with my dancing, but I managed to keep the beat.

When that song ended I was winded and sweating. I thanked her again, but instead of a hug this time she held my arm keeping me on the floor.

A slow song started up and she immediately put her arms around my neck. I had no choice but to dance with her or make her look foolish, and I had no intention of doing that.

So we danced on the crowded floor. We had become a dance couple that evening, but I don't think anyone took notice.

I swear I was running a fever. Her head was on my chest, and she was pulling me in close. I felt her huge breasts pushing into me, almost grinding into my ribs. Was it my imagination? It was hard to tell exactly what she was doing while we were dancing, but it sure felt like she was rubbing herself all over me.

Her next move was unmistakable. Our feet were barely moving on the floor; we were simply swaying in one place when she ground her crotch into mine, grazing my upright erection with her hips. She did it again, then again. She turned her head up and looked at me with these sexy eyes. I just stared at her not sure what to say, if anything.

She looked up at me through sultry eyes and smiled.

"Did I do that," she purred and ground into my crotch again moving my dick from side to side.

I nodded meekly.

"Good," she said putting her head back on my chest.

Everyone so often she would push into my crotch again making me harder than ever. Her chest continued to be pressed firmly into mine, so I would move both hands up her back rubbing the sides of her breasts with my forearms. She moaned.

The song ended, and I figured so did my fantasy. But it appeared that Frankie had other ideas.

"Meet me in the kitchen, through that door over there," she nodded toward the side of the bar.

She left in another direction, but I did as I was instructed, as if I were programmed.

As I entered the kitchen she came around through a back way and said, "Over here," and we walked out of the bar into one of the shacks that was near the door and connected to the bar with an awning.

She reached down near the floor and turned on a nightlight that was plugged into the wall. There were cases of beer lining the walls. We were in the store room.

Frankie grabbed my neck as if we were going to dance again. She swayed her hips and ground her breasts and her pelvis into me, but this time looked straight at me with these sexy eyes. I could do little else but give her a sexy smile back.

"You like this," she asked.

"I love this," I replied.

"Then you'll really love this," she countered, and she unzipped my pants and began to fish my erection through the fly.

I have never in my life been unfaithful to my wife. Tempted many times, but I always managed to be stronger than the temptation. But then the temptation has never touched my bare dick before. And when a man's cock is in the hands of another woman, I guarantee you that there is only one brain in the room capable of rational thought, and it ain't his.

She stroked it slowly a couple of times from my balls to the tip, and I moaned almost doubling over in sheer pleasure.

"Ohhhh, extra husky," she purred, "just my size."

As she stroked my cock with one hand, she fumbled with my belt and pants with the other. Almost too mesmerized to even move, I did manage to begin massaging her huge melons.

"You like, huh, Lover Boy? All you boys do," she said in a sexy voice.

She undid a couple of more buttons on her blouse, then continued to stroke me. I took my cue and began to unbutton the rest, parting her blouse to marvel at the size of her bra and the beauties it contained.

"The latch is right there in the front, Sugar," she offered.

I need no further instructions, and with a pop her giant boobs spilled from their constraint. They were awesome! So full and resting proudly on her chest. They were beautiful.

I almost complained when she moved them away from me. She lowered herself to her knees, and before I could prepare myself for what was about to happened it happened.

She put the head of my dick between her lips and began to suck on the glans, gently flicking the tip with a rapid fire motion of her tongue. I groaned even louder.

"Oh, I love to make a man feel good. I want to make you cum so big," she crooned.

"Shit, keep that up and you'll get your wish," I managed to grunt.

Then she took as much of me in her mouth as she could and began to fuck me with her face. In and out, I watched my rod disappear into her beautiful lips, her huge tits hanging just below.

"Your tits," I whispered, "do me with your tits."

Without saying a word she released me from her mouth and grabbed the sides of her breasts bringing them up to my dick. She sandwiched my rod between them and I was lost in her lovelies.

She began to move her chest up and down, and it was becoming too much for me.

When she heard my moan continue and get longer and lower she knew I was about ready to explode. 

The tip of my cock escaped from between her breasts and she captured it in her mouth beginning to pump me up and down while still massaging my shaft with her tits.

That sight was too much for my feeble blood-starved brain to take, and I exploded in her mouth.

"Oh!" she screamed as my dick escaped from her lips, "You're a gusher!"

And she grabbed my shaft and began pumping letting me come all over her face, down her neck and on breasts.

I couldn't stop coming; it had been so long and I was making up for lost moments.

When I was spent she continued to stroke my dick until it hung between my legs.

She was covered with cum.

I apologized profusely for making such a mess and scurried about looking for something to clean her off.

"Don't you dare say you're sorry," she scolded. "I did that and I'm proud of it. Shit, you needed that, I know. Poor baby, hasn't got his rocks off in months. Momma's here to help, Darling. Don't you worry about Momma."

I was too weak to argue. So I watched her wipe her face and neck with paper towels from a roll nearby. I even caught her licking her lips to remove some. Damn, she was sexy. Just watching her wipe her boobs, watching them quiver as she'd rub, was making me hard again.

She caught me rubbing myself again as I was watching her.

"Damn, Big Boy, you getting ready again," she laughed. "We ain't even finished with the first one. I gotta go clean up. I'll see you in there."

She left me to clean myself up with the paper towels, and when I had done enough I made my way back into the bar and headed for the men's room. I wet some paper towels with put a dab of soap on them and then went into the stall to clean up a bit more. While I was cleaning up I began to feel guilty for what I had just done. The good husband separated from his family trying to be so faithful, and "bam," fell off the wagon. I resolved myself that this was a one-time thing and would never, ever happen again.

"That you?" I heard a whisper through the wall.

"Brad, that you?" I heard it again with a tapping sound. It was coming from the other side of the wall; Frankie. Apparently the men and women's stalls were separated by that wall.

"Yeah, it's me," I whispered back into the wall.

I was shocked to see what I thought was a wet wadded up piece of toilet paper fall from the wall onto the floor exposing a perfectly round hole looking directly into the ladies' stall.

"Stick it in here," she ordered.

"I don't think it'll fit," I laughed weakly. 

Of course, the hole was more than big enough, but I was trying any feeble excuse to salvage my just-made resolution.

Then I saw her crook her finger through the hole beckoning me. Isn't it funny how fleeting rational thought can be in the male brain? Even though I wasn't fully hard, I fed my dick in the hole.

I felt warm and wet lips engulf my head again. I was officially fully hard.

She stroked me with her mouth a few times, and I started to feel that tingling in my balls again.

Then I heard the door to the ladies' room open and close, and Frankie removed her lips and waited. Then she tapped me on the tip of my dick with her finger instructing me to pull it out of the hole. I watched as she stuffed it with toilet paper again. Then I dressed myself, positioned my dick out of the way as best I could, and left the men's room.

Whew, that was a close one, my brain tried to rationalize. You almost fell off the wagon again, it chided. You need to be stronger next time. I sucked in a deep breath of air, filling myself with resolve again and vowing to never let it happen again. I tried to practice in my mind what I would say if Frankie tried to seduce me again. "I wasn't thinking straight; I missed my wife; it was just a physical thing?" All of those sounded so right when I was saying them in my mind, but I knew that uttering them out loud would be impossible.
