 450 E. Irwin Ave.

Miss R. Plinkton

The directions were straightforward and I found the house easily enough. A white picket fence surrounded the clapboard house with it's neatly trimmed lawn and small flower beds. It was a picture of Middle America but it did nothing to brighten my mood.

I stood on the second of three steps while I knocked on the side door. I was to be accorded kitchen privileges according to the Hospital's Social Worker who had been unable to provide me much info about my landlady.

"We keep a list of people who rent rooms and such." She had told me. "This is a new listing. I don't know anything about her. Most of the rooms are in private homes and are rented by retired ladies who are hoping to find quiet tenants to help them meet the mortgage. 

I was expecting a little old lady with white hair and a small yapping dog. I hoped the dog was not one of those nasty types that was always trying to take a bite out of my ankle! I studied the front yard, trying to see evidence of a dog.

"Hello." That didn't sound like the quavering voice of a little old lady.

I turned from studying the front lawn and found myself face to, to, well, face to TITS! I was staring at two huge dirigibles of flesh in the tightest red sweater you could imagine. Slowly I raised my eyes, moving up from breasts that pushed forward thru that tight sweater so strongly that the fabric was stretched thin. Up from the strong protrusions made by large swollen nipples, up over long sloping swells, up to where those massive breasts joined the torso, up over smooth shoulders melding into a graceful swan neck, up over ruby red lips parted ever so slightly. Up over a pert nose, up to laughing green eyes that watched my reaction with unconcealed glee!

"Nurse Erika!" I yelped. I gulped audibly. "But, but the Social Worker said..." I trailed off in confusion to look dumbly at the slip of paper crumpled in my hand. Miss R. Plinkton?

"Erika is my first name. Ruth is my middle name. I use my married name in the Hospital and Plinkton is my maiden name. I didn't want to give the Hospital any reason to not refer you to me! I hope you don't mind!" Her smile told me that she knew I didn't mind.

Stepping back she held the screen door open with one arm while inviting me inside.

I stepped up into the house carrying the gym bag that held all my earthly possessions. Erika didn't move out of the way. Instead she took a deep breath, arched her back and pushed her boobs so far out in front of her that I literally was stuck between her tits and the far wall! 

Smiling down at her I turned to face her and, leaning heavily into her, I worked my way past her, being sure to rub my stiffening dick against her and mashing my chest against her tits.

"Just drop your bag here," she told me. "Let me show you the place. I hope it proves satisfactory." Her hand briefly cupped my butt cheek before she proceeded me down the hall. I hesitated, letting her get several steps in front of me. She smiled at me over her shoulder as she walked in front of me. Her hips swung back and forth, her butt cheeks barely covered by a tight pair of hot pants. The three inch heels she wore added an extra strut to her walk! 

Her sweater didn't quite meet the waistband of her pants, revealing a tight, slender waist. Those heels did amazing things for her legs and butt! I had never noticed in the hospital but her legs had the curves and muscles of a showgirl!

Her hair, which had always been swept up into a knot at the hospital was now in a pony tail. She looked ten years younger -- and good enough to eat!

Entering the living room she turned slowly to face me. Her lips were parted in a smile that lit up her eyes.

Putting her hands on her hips she pulled her shoulders back and again took a deep breath.

"What do you think?" She asked.

"Of what?" I was still off balance from this unexpected turn of events. I had been afraid I'd never see Nurse Erika again and here I was in her living room!

"You said you wanted to see me in a tight red sweater! Is this what you had in mind?" She glanced down at herself pointedly. The sweater was cut just low enough that the beginning of her cleavage could be seen. Those incredible cones of flesh looked twice as big as I had ever seen them! My mouth was dry with anticipation and my dick was trying to burst through my zipper!

"Gawd Damn! You look fabulous!" I drooled.

"Oh, goodie. I went shopping for this outfit just for you. The sweater wasn't tight enough when I bought it, but then this morning I put it on and soaked in a hot shower. After it dried it was perfect!" She wiggled her shoulders and rocked up and down on her toes for a moment. We both watched until the seismic movements stopped. Her nipples stuck out at least an inch. 

"I'm not wearing a bra," she pointed out. "I haven't been bra-less since I was 12 years old."

"It's a GREAT look for you!" I told her.

"I'd never bought hot pants before either. I'd never dare to wear this outfit in public. Unless you made me do it." Her eyes darted to mine to see if I caught the implication.

"Well, I may just make you do that." I told her. "But not today. I have other plans for today."

"Well, I took two weeks off," she said.

"For a family emergency, right?" I responded.

"Yes, for a family emergency. I have to spend the next two weeks getting my brains fucked out by a huge-dicked stud that I met in the Hospital! If that isn't an emergency, I don't know what is!" She was laughing as she finished. 

"How far away are the nearest neighbors?" I asked her.

"What?" Now it was her turn to look confused.

"How far away are the nearest neighbors?" I repeated.

"Well, about a hundred feet to either side. The Millers are away on vacation and the Brewer's both work during the day. Why?"

"Because I don't want you to feel shy about screaming when you cum this afternoon!" I strode over to stand directly in front of her. My chest was inches from her red-wool clad nipples.

"Put your hands on your head, Nurse Erika, it's time for Dr. Dick to provide his own treatment."

Her sweater lifted baring her navel and her breasts rose several inches as she obeyed my command. I could not believe how far out they jutted! These were some huge fucking jugs!

I gave each breast a quick squeeze before I dropped to my knees in front of her. Only inches from her pussy I lightly ran my hands up under her sweater until my finger tips probed the juncture where the lower swells of her breasts met her chest. The back of my hands and wrists were well under her immense tits! The sweater barely covered the lower curves of her tits

I caressed her stomach and waist under the sweater as I ran my hands around to meet at the small of her back.

Then I brought my hands to the front and unbuttoned her hot pants. They were made of a stretchy fabric which clung tightly to her as I worked it slowly down over her hips. I paused to pull her bikini panties back up into place before whisking her hot pants down to fall at her ankles.

"Kick them off, Erika!" She did so.

"Now, I don't want you to fall over. Keep your hands on your head if you can but if you need to hold onto something, I want you to do so. Do you understand?"

"Okay, but what are you going to do?"

"Something wonderful. Just be patient! Now spread you legs a little."

My tongue lightly caressed her stomach. Looking up with my tongue tip in her navel I could see nothing but tightly stretched red wool. Her tits projected so far out I would have had to lean way back to see her face. And as I worked to tease her stomach the top of my head rested between her breasts which hung heavily to either side of me. As I moved my head pushed them from side to side.

Slowly I worked my way down toward her groin. I used my teeth to pull her panties down an inch at a time. Licking, caressing and kissing each newly revealed bit of skin, I was enjoying her whimpers of pleasure. 

Her pubic hair was neatly trimmed and clipped short. Drops of dew clung to the lower lips of her cunt when I finally pulled her panties completely off.

"Kick'em off, Erika" I told her.

As soon as she had done so I began to lightly lick and caress her pussy lips. I worked slowly and patiently, bringing her up and up, then letting her relax for a few moments and then raising her up higher yet again. Her voice rose in pitch, her cries of pleasure echoed off the living room walls.

"Oh, honey, you do that sooo good!" she wailed. "Lick me there, lick me there!"

Ten minutes after I started teasing her stomach, Erika had her first small orgasm. She yelped in pleasure, a series of sharp sounds, half talking, half crying, as my tongue brushed over her clitoris. As soon as she quieted down I went to work with a flashing tongue tip and then sliding one, two, and finally, three fingers into her.

"Oh, shit! Oh, God, more, put another finger in!" Her pussy was clamping down and releasing my fingers. "Faster, faster, harder!" I ignored her pleas and worked at my own pace. My thumb rubbed over her clit, alternating with my tongue.

Four minutes later she came again with howls of pleasure. She was loud! Her hands had remained on top of her head until now. But as I brought her to a third orgasm five minutes later her hands flew down to clutch my head to her groin. Her pussy gushed juices all over my face as her loins clutched and released in orgasmic spasms for two minutes straight. I kept licking her pussy lips and running my fingers in and out of her pussy. My other arm was wrapped around her, helping to hold her upright.

I caressed her "G" spot repeatedly as well as maintaining pressure on her clit. She was moaning and whimpering steadily, her cries of pleasure were constant. Her voice rising and falling as I worked. She was calling my name, pleading with me to make her cum, telling me what a great job I was doing. She was not shy about letting me know how she was feeling. I had never had such a vocal lover.

Her hands maintained a grip on my head while her knees bent and straightened. Her hips ground back and forth crushing her pussy against my face. Minutes later she had another howling orgasm and quickly yet one more swept over her! She collapsed backward into the armchair behind her.

Her moans of pleasure had become babbling words of encouragement.

"Keep doing me. Keep doing me. I love it, love it, LOOOOVVVE IT!" she cried.

Her legs rested over my shoulders now. Her tits lifted and fell with her heavy breathing. Her hands were tormenting her nipples thru the sweater. The mountains of her tits blocked my view of her face. As she howled through another orgasm I slid up to lie on top of her.

Her legs wrapped around me and her hands cradled my face. Her eyes were smoky with desire and her face was wet with tears. She was panting and gasping for breath.

"Are you okay?" I asked as I wiped away her tears.

"Oh, you beautiful man, you gorgeous lover, you! I've never felt so good in my life!" she told me. "You made me see God! I've never been so loved in all my life. I've never cum so often!"

"Well, then I suppose we should stop," I teased her. "If you've had enough..."

"Oh, no you don't! I want you to fuck me! And I want you to fuck me NOW!" Her eyes were fierce as she spoke. Her groin was rubbing against my dick as I lay on top of her. Her arms had joined her legs in holding me tightly to her body.

"Well, if you're sure." I said as if I might reconsider.

"Just get those pants off," she panted. "I'll show you "sure"!"

I slid back off her and knelt on the floor between her knees. Her cunt was a sopping wet gash! Her pussy lips gaped open, juice dribbled out onto her thighs and puddled under her ass.

I quickly released my belt and pulled my pants down revealing my rock hard dick to Nurse Erika.

"Oh, my Lord!" she whispered. "Oh, my God in Heaven! You, your, Jesus, will you look at..." Her voice trailed off with a whimper. My dick was hard as a rock! Luridly the massive head pulsed inches above my navel.

Her hands reached out, slowly, tentatively. She gently grasped my dick that was pointing straight up, hugging my stomach. Her fingers played up and down the length of my shaft.

"God, you are so hard! I can't believe how hard you are. How long you are! Jesus, you'll kill me with this thing!" Her lips mouthed the words but her eyes were alight with passion and longing as she looked at me.

I leaned down, lying full length upon her. I felt her breasts compress beneath me. The base of my shaft was level with her pussy lips while the head throbbed against the lower edge of her sweater. Our lips met in a series of passionate kisses. Her lips were hot and her tongue darted inside my mouth. She began whimpering again as we kissed. Her arms clasped me to her strongly and she ground her body up against mine. Her breasts were huge pillows of comfort between us, the outer edges pushing against my arms as I held her.

Once more I leaned up against the pull of her legs. Looking down I could see a patch of wetness on her sweater between her tits where my pre-cum had soaked her sweater! 

I wrapped my hand around the shaft of my dick, pulling it away from my body. I was as hard as steel!

"Are you ready to get FUCKED?" I growled. "Is your little pussy ready for this big, hard dick?" I let go of my dick, letting it snap back against my stomach. "Do you want this dick?"

"I want it! You know I want it! Please, please, don't make me wait any longer." She was whimpering. She sounded like she was in pain. Her eyes were pleading, her body arcing and shifting beneath me. 

Her hands again reached for my dick. Her forearms pushed her immense tits together forming a tit mountain more than a foot high. That mountain range covered her entire chest! Her biceps vanished into the mounds of tit! Again I thought the fabric of her sweater would rip from the pressure but it held!

Using both hands she stroked the steel hard shaft and tried to pull the head of my dick to her cunt mouth. It was almost painful for me as she tugged on my cock; it was so stiff! It didn't want to bend like that!

Together we managed to line up my dick with her pussy. Pleadingly she pulled and tugged, trying to get me to sink that spear into her. The head of my dick brushed against her pussy lips. Looking down to where my dickhead was resting against her lips I didn't think it would fit. It was like trying to push a golf ball into a garden hose! There was no way it would fit. She was too small and tight!

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," she chanted. "Push it in! Push, goddamn it! Let me have it!" Her hips were rocking back and forth, her hands alternating between tugging on my shaft and reaching around to pull my butt closer to her.

I leaned into her, my shaft bent slightly and the head of my dick flattened against her pussy. Her pussy lips splayed outward under the pressure. I rocked upwards, putting pressure on her clit. Back and forth I rocked, trying to gain entrance to her little pussy. Her clit, pulsing and pushed out from underneath it's sheltering hood, nestled into the cleft of my dickhead. It was almost like her clit was trying to fuck my cock!

"Arrrggh! Christ! God in heaven! Yeeeooowww!" She was yelling at the top of her voice. The stimulation against her clit sent her over the edge! Like a pile driver she slammed her hips up and down while she emptied her lungs in a wailing shriek of ecstasy.

I re-centered my cock and I kept pushing, relaxing and pushing again. Slowly I felt more and more of the head slip into her cunt. By the time Erika had stopped screaming in ecstasy I had almost all of the head socketed between her pussy lips.

Panting and gasping, she looked up at me.

"How much do you have in me?" she asked between gasps of breath.

"Not even the whole head yet," I reported.

"Jesus! I wish I could see it. My tits are in the way. Let me take off this sweater." Her hands reached for the hem of her skintight sweater.

"No, not yet! I like to see you in this tight red sweater. You look sexier than hell! Here, let me lift your hips up."

I lifted up and pulled her hips up in the air. She ended up with only her shoulders and head touching the armchair. Her tits fell back against her face almost totally enveloping her head. Her eyes were just visible above the sweater encased masses of tit that rested on the chair cushion to either side of her head.

"Can you see your cunt now, honey?"

"God, I'm so wet down there," she moaned in response. "Put that dick in me now. I can see it! I want to see it going into me, push it in me damn you!"

Carefully I again wedged my dick into the tightness of her cunt mouth. I was standing over her, my dick pointed almost straight down. It hurt a little to push it down at that angle! I was so erect! My feet were to either side of her shoulders as I tried to lower myself right into her.

Again and again I lowered my self over her tight pussy. The shaft of my dick bent slightly and then would penetrate another fraction of an inch. Despite the vise-like tightness of her cunt I was slowly forcing more and more of my dick into her.

Erika was whimpering again. Small cries were forced from her as I drilled into her deeper and deeper. When I was at least three inches deep into her she had another orgasm!

"Fuck, so big, so BIG! Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh! Ugh, um, ugh! More, morrre! Oh, God, look at that big fucking DICK!" Her voice rose in volume and pitch as I kept trying to pump more cock into her.

Her hands clutched at my hips, pulling me strongly downward, into her hot sopping pussy.

"Oh, god, I'm cumming again! You haven't even gotten all the way into me and I'm going toooo CUUUUMMMM! Argh! Oh, Fuck, FUCK GODDAMN, YeOWWWW! Ah! OH! WAAAHHHHH! Huh, huh,, huh, huh!" She was totally out of control! I could see her stomach muscles flex and contract as the orgasm spasms rolled through her body.

"Huh, ah, oh, fuck, damn, fuck, dick, pussy, cunt, my cunt! Dick, big. Hard. Hard, harder my, fuck, my cunt, harder. Ram, ram, ram it down. Bastard, fuck me HARDER!" With another soul wrenching wail she broke into another spasm of orgasm.

With her legs in the air and my weight above her, she could hardly move. I was staring down into her eyes watching the pleasure wash over her. As I watched I saw her become swept away in passion. She was crying loudly, the tears pouring out of her eyes, dripping into her hair and ears. Her face was flushed to almost match her sweater. Sweat was beaded up on her forehead, she looked gorgeous! I knew why she had not wanted to fuck in the hospital. I had never seen any woman cum like this in my life. 

"Christ! Fucker! Hard! Big, hard! Fuck, bastard! Deeper! I want it deeper! AAHHhhhh!" she screamed at the top of her lungs!

She was panting and crying beneath me. She could barely get enough air into her lungs. Her panting filled the room. Her lips were moving but I couldn't hear what she was trying to say any more.

I was resting, my dick still only partially sunk into her pussy. I started to pull back but her hands clung to my hips, her fingernails digging in. She was trying to shake her head, her tits rocking with the movement of her head.

She licked her lips while staring deep into my eyes. "Muh, muh." She panted. She waited, gathering her strength and sucking air into her lungs. "More, don't stop, I want more! Fuck me! Please, don't stop! More! Fuck me as deep as you can!!"

"Okay!"

"And don't stop!" she commanded me. "No matter what, don't stop! I want it all!"

"Alright, here goes," I muttered.

I lowered my self, forcing my dick head back into her pussy. Her eyes widened and she began panting again. I hoped that I was not hurting her. But she had made it clear that I was to fuck her until she begged me to stop or until I came.

