 Authors note: This is the third story in the Summer series and in this one she is rewarded for her obedience by her ruggedly handsome spin class instructor. 

A word of warning for those of you who are sensitive to such things as anal sex and ass to mouth scenes, both are included below. 

As always I hope you enjoy my story and I'd love to hear what you think. Also if you would like to read more of Summer's exploits give me a follow, there's much more to come.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"All right, rest time's over, time to push it again." came the amplified voice of the trainer at the front of the spin classroom. "10 minutes at your target heart rate. Ready?... Go!" he said, and at his command, the 22 students facing him all lowered their heads over their stationary bikes and began peddling at a furious pace.

"Come on now get those heart rates up, push yourselves, make it burn!" he said, and if you couldn't see him, you would swear by the calmness in his voice that he was strolling around the room not riding a bike at a blistering pace himself. 

The sound of the upbeat rock music that filled the room was augmented by the high pitched whirring of the weighted wheels of the stationary bikes and the ragged breathing of his students as they peddled as fast as they could. Sweat dripped off of their faces as they concentrated on keeping their heart rate in the so-called 'target zone' for the remaining minutes of the class. 

"5 minutes left! Keep up the pace! Come on now push hard!" he encouraged, and if any of his students were actually able to lift their heads at that point, they would have noticed that he had redoubled his pace for a push to the end.

"Go! Go! Go!" he shouted at his class as some of them began to tail off the pace he was setting for them. "3 minutes! 3 minutes left! Don't give up now, finish hard!"

Moaning, grunting and gasping sounds filled the air of the room as his students tried their best to live up to their instructor's demands but still he drove them on. "1 minute left! Come on people keep pushing! You can do it!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!" overpowered the music and other sounds of struggle in the room as one of the students pushed themselves to the limit in the final seconds of the 45 min routine.

"5...4...3...2...1... Okay, good job everyone. Begin your 10 minute cooldown now and remember don't stop peddling until you get to your heart rate back down to the normal range."

10 minutes later as his students began to leave he called out to one of them "Hey Summer, can you stay a couple minutes so I can talk to you?" 

A pretty girl with chestnut hair wearing a red Lycra sports top and small black running shorts paused and turned to face him. Wiping the sweat from her forehead with a small white towel she said "sure," and began to walk towards him.

As she walked through the field of white stationary bikes arrayed throughout the room he watched her. Her hair was drawn up into a ponytail which swung from side to side as she approached. Her sports top held her perky C cup breasts firmly in place, and the exposed skin of her firm flat tummy glistened, wet with perspiration. The gauzy material of her running shorts clung to her muscular thighs, and he openly admired her curvy but athletic form as she stopped a couple steps from where he sat.

"So Summer, I've noticed that you have been coming to my class pretty regularly for the past month and I wanted to get your feedback about it," he said looking into her pretty hazel green eyes.

"I think that it's great," she said blotting perspiration from her forehead. "I've knocked 10 minutes off my 10k time since I started taking your class."

"Cool, but do you think that I push you all too hard?" he asked.

"Well sometimes I feel like that but to be honest if you weren't pushing us so hard, I doubt that we would be pushing ourselves that hard," she said staring into his warm brown eyes. He was handsome with an easy smile and slightly stubbled chin she thought as she stood there. His blue tank top accentuated his broad shoulders and his chiseled chest filled out the shirt nicely. Many of the women at the club had a crush on him, and since he arrived a month ago, he was a frequent conversation topic in the shower.

"I've noticed a couple things about your form that might make your sessions more productive," he said. "If you have a couple minutes I can show you what I mean."

"Sure, that would be great," she replied clearly excited to have the additional attention. She really enjoyed his class and had made it a point to attend 3 days a week for the past month. His workouts always made her sweat, and her legs usually felt like rubber when she finally dismounted her bike. 

He dismounted his bike and offered it to her. She bent over and adjusted the seat height and distance to the handlebars, and as she did this, he stared intently at her shapely ass. After changing the bike to better suit her 5'10" height, she mounted the bike facing him.

"All right the first thing I'd like you to do is readjust your seat height so that it is two clicks taller. You will have more leverage with a slightly taller seat," he said, and she dismounted to follow his advice.

"There, good," he said as she mounted the bike again. "Peddle for me," he instructed, and she did as he asked pumping the peddles up and down.

"Now, when you are peddling I notice that you are primarily pushing down on them but to be more effective you should actually be alternating between pushing and pulling on them," he said as he moved to the rear of her bike and squatted down so that his face was level with her seat. As he squatted he placed his hand on the small of her back just above her ass to steady himself. With his other hand, he reached out and took hold of her ankle and began to show her what the motion should feel like.

As he manipulated her ankle, she began to understand his point, and the resulting cadence caused her to sway from side to side on the saddle slightly. The pressure of his hand on the small of her back forced her to rock forward on the seat and as a result of that and the side to side motion she became aware of a tingling sensation between her legs. The tingling sensation grew more intense as she continued to peddle and a soft involuntary moan escaped her lips. 

He released her ankle and stood up as she peddled putting his other hand on the small of her back as well, pressing her tingling crotch more firmly onto the bicycle saddle.

"Ungh," she moaned and slumped her head forward as she peddled and he leaned forward so that his mouth was only inches from her he ear.

"You like this don't you?" he whispered. "I knew you we're little nympho the first time I saw you," he said to her, but she was focused on the warm tingling sensation in her little kitty, and all she could do is moan.

"I'll bet your little pussy is all wet now and you know what? I'm going to fuck it raw, right here, slut!" and as he said that he slid his hands up her torso and underneath her sports top stopping to squeeze her firm ripe breasts. Her nipples responded almost instantly, and he pinched them hard between his thumb and forefinger while pulling her upright on the saddle of the bicycle. She stopped peddling and leaned back into him wincing at the pain he was inflicting with his strong fingers.

As he pinched and rolled her nipples between his fingers, it sent showers of sparks throughout her body, and again without thinking about it, she moaned out loud.

"Reach around and grab my dick, slut," he told her, and without hesitation, she did what she was told. His dick was thick and firm nestled in his spandex biking shorts, and as she grasped it, it grew thicker and harder.

"Reach into my shorts and squeeze it, bitch!" he commanded, and she complied, forcing her small hand down his stretchy shorts. He removed his right hand from her breast and slid it down to her crotch and pressed his fingers against her wet pussy.

"Ungh," she moaned out loud as his fingers manipulated her snatch through her flimsy shorts.

"Stand up, slut!" he told her as he removed his hands from her breast and crotch. She slipped her leg over the bike and stood in front of him looking into his brown eyes. She couldn't believe how turned on she was and even though she knew that she should be offended being called a slut and a bitch, deep inside she wanted to be a slut. She wanted to be his slut, and she was ready to be used by him any way he wanted.

He looked down at her as she stood there submissive and waiting for him to command her and marveled at how beautiful she was. "Get on your knees and suck my cock, bitch."

At his command, she dropped to her knees and pulled the top of his shorts down freeing his thick cock. His cock was firm but not quite hard as she grabbed it with her small hands and directed it towards her open mouth. It was thickly veined, and she concentrated on licking and sucking on the large head which was about the size of a plum until she could finally manage to stuff it into her small mouth.

"Oh! Yes, baby, suck that cock!" he said as she slurped on his dick. He watched her head bob and twist, her ponytail whipping around, as she ate his meat vigorously. The sensation of her hot wet mouth on his dick made it rock hard, and his blood ran hot.

His dick was salty tasting from his sweat, and the thought that she was sucking his dick clean with her mouth was both repulsing and exciting at the same time. She kept her eyes closed as she continued to suck on his engorged penis and tried to stuff as much of the thick shaft into her mouth as she could.

"Look at me while you suck my cock, you little slut!" he demanded and as she opened her eyes she tilted her head so that she could look up at him. "That's it, bitch, I want to see your face as I fuck your pretty little mouth!"

As he looked down on her upturned face, he reached out and put his hands on either side of her head and pushed his dick deeper into her mouth. Instinctively she raised her hands and put them on his hips to keep his cock from going any deeper, but he had other plans.

"Put your fucking hands down, now!" he roared, and once again she did as she was told. "I am going to fuck your goddamned face, and you are going to choke on my cock like the little slut that you are! Understand?" She nodded, and once again he flexed his hips and pushed his dick deeper into her mouth until he could feel her begin to gag.

"That's it, gag on my cock, slut!" he said, and he pulled his dick back so that she could breathe again. Once she recovered, he began to thrust in and out of her mouth at a rapid pace still holding her head still. He didn't drive his dick as far back into her mouth as he did before and once she got in sync with his rhythm, she sucked his dick in earnest, twisting her head from side to side to generate as much friction as she could. He seemed to like what she was doing because he tilted his head back and groaned as he pummeled her mouth.

Then without warning, he jacked his hips forward at the same time as he pulled her head towards him and he buried his entire cock in her mouth. She could feel his pubic hairs tickle her nose and she struggled to stay in control while his dick was extended into her throat. He held her there, impaled on his member for a while and then withdrew his cock until just the spongy head was left in her mouth.

"That's better slut," he told her, and again he pushed his entire dick into her mouth. Her eyes watered and everything got blurry as again and again, he plunged his stiffness into the tight confines of her throat. She lost count of how many times he made her gag on his thick cock and when he finally pulled his dick completely out of her mouth it was so wet with her saliva that long sticky strings of spit dripped from it.

"Stand up slut!" he commanded, and she unbent her legs to stand up but they were stiff, and she stumbled slightly catching herself on the handlebars of his bike before she had a chance to fall. As she turned to face him, he thrust his hand down the front of her shorts and slid a finger along her slit pausing at the entrance to her vagina. He stared into her hazel green eyes as he rubbed his fingers up and down her moist pussy and she began to buck slightly against his fingers. He paused again at the entrance to her vagina and then pushed one of his muscular fingers past the ring of muscle and into her moist cave.

"Ungh!" she cried out as he penetrated her and she reached up with her hands to take hold of his arm to steady herself. He pulled his finger out of her wet snatch and slid it up her slit until it rested against her little clit. He pressed his finger on her stiff clit and began to go in circles sending out shockwaves of intense pleasure through her whole body. Then once again his fingers went south towards the opening of her pussy. This time he pressed two fingers into her and curled them until they were buried up to the knuckle. Then he wiggled them at the same time as he pulled them back before plunging them all the way into her tight hole again. Each time he bottomed out in her wet vagina he wiggled his fingers and each time she grunted with pleasure.

"Here, suck on this," he said as he pulled his hand from the inside of her shorts and offered it to her mouth. She could smell the sweet musky perfume of her pussy on his fingers, and as she opened her eyes, she could see the slick coating of her juices glistening in the light of the room. She opened her mouth, and he pushed his slippery fingers past her lips. She thought that she tasted a little bitter but still she liked the taste, and she sucked on his fingers until they were clean.

"Give me your leg," he said, and she looked at him wondering what the fuck he meant. "Give me your goddamned leg, slut!" he said again, and this time he reached down and pulled her left leg up by the bend of her knee leaving her to balance on her right leg. As he lifted her leg up to waist level, he hooked it with his right arm and lifted it even higher. She reached out with her hands to grasp his upper body to steady herself as he lifted her leg all the way up until her heel was perched on his broad shoulders. With his left hand, he grabbed her right hip and pulled her close to him while he pulled the crotch of her shorts to one side with his other hand.

He lowered his stance by bending his legs slightly and as he pulled her even closer his stiff dick came into contact with her pussy. When the head of his cock found the entrance to her pussy, he flexed his hips and pulled her tight driving his dick deep into her waiting cunt.

"Ungh!" she cried out as he pressed his cock home. She was so wet that she knew that she wouldn't have any trouble taking his cock, but it's girth filled her pussy up so tight that she thought that she might pass out. He pulled his thick dick back until just the head of it was still in her vagina, and again he thrust it home. Again she cried out, and again he shoved his cock into her wet pussy.

"Do you like having my cock buried in your tight little pussy, slut? Well do you?" he asked her, and she replied "Yes" in a breathless faraway voice.

"Well I think that it's time step it up a notch or two," he said, and he began to thrust in and out of her naked cunt faster and faster until he was satisfied with the pace. Each time he drove his dick home the sound of his hips coming into contact with her's made a slapping noise that coincided with her grunt and lifted her of the floor slightly.

"Ungh!, Ungh!, Ungh!, Ungh! she grunted in rhythm to his thrusts, and she felt the pressure of an orgasm building in her quivering sex.

"Wrap your arms around my neck, slut!" he commanded her, and as she reached for his neck he let her left leg fall off of his shoulder, and he hooked his other arm under her right leg and lifted her completely off of the floor. She was now suspended by his two strong arms and clung to his neck as he found her wetness again and drove his cock upwards into her spasming snatch.

"Ungh!" she cried out as his hips made contact with her ass. She was fully impaled on his thick cock and could feel the head of it deep inside her. Her pussy throbbed on his dick as he pulled his hips back leaving only the sizable spongy head inside her clenching cunt. Again he thrust home forcing his dick deep into her, and again he pulled back until just the head was left inside her.

"I can feel your tight little pussy squeezing my dick, slut," he said to her as he paused, his dick deep inside her. "It won't be long until you cum on my thick cock, but I have news for you bitch, I'm a long way from being finished with you. You are going to beg me to stop before I'm done with you!" And again he plunged his stiff shaft into her wetness.

"Time to take it up a notch!" he said as he pulled his dick back and this time when his hips crashed into her firm ass, he used the rebound to lift her up and drop her back down at the same time that he thrust his hips forward. The impact was audible, and she cried out in ecstasy. He set a blistering pace as he pistoned in and out of her spasming pussy and with each thrust she cried out until one blended into another and became a stream of grunting and moaning.

"You like this don't you, you little slut!" he said as he continued his onslaught. Her head was back, and it rolled from side to side with each bounce as he continued to pound her. Her eyes were closed, and she seemed to be in a trance, so he yelled at her, "Answer me, bitch!"

She was lost in the ecstatic sensations that flooded her body as he fucked her. Her pussy was on fire and with each thrust of his dick lightning struck sending jolts of electricity throughout her body. Through the mist of ecstasy, she heard him command her to answer his question, so she summoned up the will power to open her eyes and look at him. Beads of sweat rolled down his forehead, and his shirt was stained dark with it as he bounced her ass on his fat cock. Each time she rose it felt like her pussy was being turned inside out and the nerve endings in her snatch were raw from his continued attack. She could tell by the pressure that was mounting in her torso that she was going to explode with a massive orgasm at any minute and as she opened her mouth to answer him all hell broke loose inside her.

"YES! YES! YES! YESSSSSS! I LOVE IT!" she screamed at the top of her lungs as her pussy spasmed on his thrusting cock. Her juices flooded her crotch and coated his fiery dick, lubricating it and adding a slurping sound to the mixture of grunts, moans and the rhythmic slap, slap, slap of his hips coming into contact with her perfect ass.

"FUCK ME! FUCK MY TIGHT LITTLE CUNT!" she screamed as her pussy squeezed and clenched his thrusting shaft.

"Ungh! Ungh! Ungh!" he grunted as he kept up his pace fucking her wet pussy with a furious tempo.

It felt like she had been cumming on his hard dick for hours and when the spasming in her cunt finally subsided, she once again opened her eyes and looked at the man who had just given her the most intense orgasm of her young life. His eyebrows were furrowed, and his brown eyes stared intensely into her's as he continued to bounce her up and down on his unrelenting shaft. With a loud grunt, he forcefully drove his dick into her eliciting a grunt from her as well, and he stopped, holding her steady, impaled on his thickness. Rivulets of sweat ran down his handsome features, and his chest heaved as he breathed deeply working hard to control his heart rate. She breathed heavily too although more from the massive orgasm than physical exertion but her skin was still coated with a sheen of sweat. Slowly he uncurled his left arm and let her right leg drop to the floor, and as he did the same thing with his right arm, his cock slipped from her pussy with a wet slurping noise. As she unhinged her fingers from around his neck, she had the urge to kiss him, so she rose up on her toes and tilted her head slightly, but as she leaned in, he put his strong hands on her shoulders and holding her at bay looked straight into her eyes.
