 The early evening ocean swells swept over Gina and me in a calm languid fashion. Gone were the crushing breakers of the early afternoon. Gone were the young, hard-bodied surfers. Gone were the yelling, giggling kids. Gone was the incessant screech of jet-skis. Gina's arms were linked around my neck just as her legs were linked around my waist. The top of her one piece spandex bathing suit was down around her waist, and her huge firm breasts with their hard nipples were scraping up and down on my chest as each new swell raised my feet a couple of inches off of the firm sand beach. My rock hard cock was probing her crotch with each swell. Between the swells, our mouths locked together allowing us to savor the salty flavor of each other's lust.

Gina had come to the beach with Joyce and her daughter Diana. Diana's girlfriend had canceled at the last moment. Gina and Joyce brought Diana and a friend often, since Gina really enjoys the beach and Joyce enjoys getting away from the rush and crush of her job. Diana also loves the beach and the attention that the young surfers give her. As planned, Gina and I bumped into each other on the beach, quite by accident at about 4 o'clock. I doubt that either Joyce or Diana believed our little fiction, but since we are each married to someone else, and since Gina wanted a romp with me at the beach, our fiction provided a polite way for them to accept our extra marital encounter. When I showed up I talked everyone into staying to watch the sun go down. It did not take much coaxing to get Diana to agree, and Joyce was really too tired to argue since late afternoon traffic was a killer, and she was really enjoying the beach anyway. Joyce volunteered to get some fast food since she had enough of the water for one day. 

Joyce and Diana could not miss the way that Gina and I hungrily devoured each other with our eyes. Once when I glanced Diana's way I could see that her nipples were erect under her flaming red spandex bikini, and her tongue was hungrily flicking over her pouting red lips. It looked for all the world that Diana was really getting turned on by the idea that Gina, who had acted more like an aunt, could have a lusty relationship with someone other than her husband.

As soon as Joyce left to pick up the burgers, Gina and I decided to go into the surf. Diana said that she would watch the beach blanket for us, so Diana surprised us when she came up to us while Gina was in my arms. Gina was embarrassed that Diana saw her with her breasts crushed against my chest, but I reached out an arm and pulled Diana into our embrace. She fairly leaped into my arms and asked if she was supposed to take her top down too.

I looked at Gina who said: "I don't know Diana. The sight of your young firm breasts might kill him."

I looked deeply into Diana's eyes and softly said: "Kill me." 

With a giggle she tugged at the bikini string behind her head and pulled her top down around her waist. Her firm young breasts were tipped with rock hard little nipples that just begged to be sucked. She mashed them against me as she pulled my head down for our first long, probing kiss. I kneaded her bare left rump cheek while grasping Gina's right rump cheek with my other hand. Gina slipped her tongue in my ear and then softly told me that she would go back up to watch the blanket if I would keep an eye on Diana.

As Gina broke our embrace Diana slid around in front. Her eyes and mouth popped wide open at the first contact with my hardened cock against her bikini-covered bottom.

She said "Gina must have really gotten you quite hot." I agreed and added that she was not doing anything to make matters any better. We kissed again, and I could see Gina, with her bathing suit up slowly walking toward the shore as the next swell buffeted us. Before I could make another move, Diana unfastened her long slender legs from around my waist and yanked her bikini bottom off her legs and draped it over my shoulder. She then remounted me pulling her bare crotch in firm contact with my lower abdomen as her lips locked on mine with her tongue probing deeply. The next swell raised her first then settled her burning pussy onto the head of my stiffened cock. She groaned with that first bare flesh contact, then whimpered softly as she tried to enshroud the length of my cock in her hot moistness. The salt water proved to be too briny for us to continue our actions with any comfort, so I withdrew and allowed my cock head to saw up and down against her clit. Only about 3 swells and several more sawing actions brought Diana to her first orgasm. She rubbed up and down against me hard enough to cause me some minor pain. I kept kissing and hugging her as her orgasmic waves receded. As the last waves of passion receded I noticed that Joyce had returned with the food. I gently helped Diana get back into her bikini before we started our languid trek out of the surf.

When we got back to the blanket Gina was supervising the lay out of the food. Everything had to be just right. Diana and I knelt side by side in the sand with Joyce on the other side, and Gina across from us. Gina asked us how we had enjoyed the surf. Diana turned a dark red and I said that we had a wonderful time. Joyce seemed to notice the color in Diana's cheeks, but said nothing. As we finished our meal, Gina and Diana decided to go back into the surf. They tried to pull me along, but I begged off telling them that I needed a few minutes to recuperate. 

While we were eating, Joyce announced that she should really get home to catch up on a couple of things from work. We were all disappointed in breaking up the party, but Gina recommended that Diana and she could ride back with me. After kicking this idea around for a few minutes, we decided that Joyce would take everything but the ice chest, boom box, blanket and towels when she went home. I helped Joyce gather the things that she would be taking. Gina suggested that I help carry the stuff up the stairs to the car. I gladly agreed. 

As she led the way up the steep, wooden stairs from the beach to the Cliffside parking area, I was treated to a beautiful view of Joyce's swaying rump. The iridescent bathing suit material clung lovingly to her pussy, which was in plain view to me from my position directly behind and below her swaying hips. When we reached the second landing, she looked over her shoulder and asked if I was enjoying the view. In a voice, horse from climbing the stairs with a full load of boogie boards and beach chairs and the proximity to her nearly exposed feminine beauty, I rasp out that I was enjoying the view immensely. Her smile told me that she was really happy with my reaction. At the top of the cliff she darted between two large oleander bushes, and I struggled to get my load through the narrow opening. I brushed against her lush breasts as She held one of the larger branches aside for me. Once behind the bushes I noticed that her car had been backed into an opening just wide enough for the car at the street, but providing a view of the ocean below. We busied ourselves storing things in the trunk, and I managed to brush my hardened throbbing cock against her rump more than once. After the car was loaded, She reached behind her neck and unhooked the strap on her bathing suit top. Turning to me she said: "This thing digs into my neck too much." I told her to make herself comfortable, and she said that she would, but this was not a nude beach. I looked around then told her that no one was within sight.

She said: "Well, in that case..." and pulled the bra portion of her suit down to her waist allowing her firm white breasts to spill out. I looked at them appreciatively while she smiled her approval. Then I reached out and cupped the one closest to me as I leaned forward and kissed her waiting lips. She moaned and drew me on top of her pinning herself against the side of her car. Her smooth, firm, white flesh was in stark contrast to her daughter's dark tan.

As the kiss broke, she moaned: "Please fuck me." I said: "Someone might come by and see."

She said: "I don't care. I watched you and Diana in the surf and I am too hot to wait till I get home to my husband. He probably would not want me to disturb his television anyway." Without hesitation I opened the rear door of her car before I pulled her suit over her hips and down her slender legs. She lifted first one leg then the other to facilitate my actions. While I dropped her swimsuit on the rear seat floor I gently pushed her back so that she was lying across the back seat with her feet still on the ground. She spread her legs wide to accommodate my entry. I kissed one of her knees while I shifted myself between her legs. Then I ran my lips down the inside of her salty thigh till my cheek touched her hairy crotch. I withdrew to her other knee and kissed my way back to her crotch again. This time I slowly dragged my tongue across her pussy lips savoring the clean, salty flavor as well as the goose flesh that exploded all over her body. She thrust her hips wildly into the air at the first contact of my tongue and her tender pussy flesh. My tongue probed madly inside and out as she gyrated her hips to maximize our physical contact. Then with one sudden motion I mounted her and thrust my cock all the way to the hilt into her yawning wet cunt. Her gasp was ringing in my ears as her ruby nailed fingers dug into my ass pulling me as deep as possible into her burning inferno.

As we fucked Joyce said "What did you do with Diana out there?" Slowing my rhythm, but increasing the pressure of our contact I told her that we had just hugged and rubbed our bodies against each other. 

She said "Did you fuck her like this?" I kissed her and said that Diana was too young to fuck like this. She asked if I sucked her breasts, but I told her that we were in too much water.

I then recognized a strange gleam in her eyes as she ask these probing questions, so I said that I had rubbed my cock back and forth over Diana's hot, wet pussy. Joyce gasped and ground harder as I continued by telling her that my dick had penetrated Diana's moistness as the waves shifted our bodies against each other. She was now completely out of control. She thrashed around kissing, squeezing, feeling, stroking and moaning all at the same time. The wilder she got the more vivid my descriptions of what I had done to Diana became. Soon Joyce covered my mouth and came with racking sobs as wave after wave of pleasure swept over her body. When her passion subsided, I moved to the other side of the seat and cradled her head on my bare thigh. She turned slightly and asked what else I had done to Diana. As I began my reply, her red pouting lips covered the head of my cock as she sucked it all into her hungry mouth. I told her that I was going to tie her up and go back down and bring Diana to the car and strip off her bathing suit and fuck her virgin pussy while she watched. Joyce lovingly licked and sucked my cock as I went on to say, “I am going to break her cherry and fuck her till we both come. Then I am going to pull my cock out of her sopping young pussy and stick it in your mouth and make you lick our fuck cocktail off my shaft.” Joyce was quivering and fingering herself with her free hand while she held my cock in the other bobbing her head up and down on it. I then said, “I am going to drag you back here and lay you across the back seat while I put Diana on her hands and knees on top in the 69 position. Then I am going to slowly slide my cock into her again so that you can see “Up close and personal” as her pussy lips suck on my cock like you are sucking with your mouth. As soon as Diana comes, I am going to slide out of her pussy and jam my cock right up her tight virgin ass hole. When she struggles to get away, she will rub her pussy in your face, and I am going to shove her face into your pussy. As I fuck her virgin ass her pussy will be pushed into your face till you can’t take it any more, and you start to eat her young cunt, and I will hold her head between your legs till she starts to eat you.” I made up several variations of a sex acts with Diana as Joyce hungrily ate my cock. Soon she had me heaving my hips into the air pushing deeper into her mouth with each thrust until my orgasmic spasms engulfed me, and the center of my existence was flooding into her devouring vortex. 

My eyes fluttered open as Joyce snuggled against my neck with her firm white breasts crushed against my arm and chest. 

She was moaned: "God, I just can't remember when it has ever been that good." I kissed her forehead and smiled as she idly stroked my flagging cock. Soon she reached over the front seat and retrieved panties, bra, shorts and shirt saying: "I had better put these on before I hit the freeway." I disagreed saying: "If you leave them off you are sure to make a smash or two on the way home." She agreed, but said that she would have a lot of explaining to do to her husband if she pulled up to the house buck-naked. We both laughed and kissed before she pulled on her clothes for the drive home. After Joyce had dressed, and I had pulled my trunks back on, we hugged and kissed passionately beside the car before I helped her into the car behind the wheel. I started to tell her to drive carefully when she extracted my cock from my shorts and gave it a couple of sucks before she inserted her business card in the waist band of my trunks as she returned my cock stroking it lovingly. In a husky voice she said call me tomorrow before noon as she slammed the door, revved the engine and pulled into traffic with a wave of the hand.

While I went back down the long staircase to blanket and the waiting girls, I was just wildly thrilled that these three completely different beautiful women each wanted me to fuck them till they fainted. The beach was now deserted with the exception of Gina and Diana. Gina kissed me warmly upon my return with our tongues probing each other. When the kiss ended, Gina, innocently, asked if Joyce had gotten off safely, and I chuckled as I told them that Joyce had gotten off rather well. Gina asked me to sit between her and Diana. She then handed me a long stemmed wineglass filled with a beautiful golden Mosel wine. Gina loves German wines, and always goes first class when it comes to enjoying them. Diana decided that she wanted one last dip in the ocean and asked Gina and I to join her. We both refused. I because I was tired from schlepping all the stuff up to the car, and Gina, because she wanted to Finnish her wine. Diana then trotted off to the surf.

I turned to Gina and thanked her for the beautiful presents that she had given me today. She said: "What presents? I just invited you to the beach for the afternoon." I pulled her into my arms and said thank you again as I kissed her wetly. Her rock hard nipples were grinding against my chest through her bathing suit. I turned to make sure that Diana was not around before I pulled Gina's top down around her waist. I sucked one large breast while massaging the other as she slowly lay on her back pulling me on top. I pushed my bikini trunks that Gina had bought for this occasion, down freeing my cock to probe her bare thighs and to slide over her spandex covered clit. I continued this frictioning as she became hotter and hotter. Several times she attempted to reach between us to pull her bathing suit to the side allowing my entry, but I shifted my position preventing her. Finally, she was nearly delirious as I pulled her suit to the side and pressed my hardened cock against her moist yielding flesh. She probed my mouth with her tongue as my shaft slithered in and out of her burning cunt. These actions only served to drive her further and further into her sexual delirium, and I took advantage of this to pull her up into the sitting position. She was now sitting on my cock with her thighs over mine. I thrust up into her for several strokes before I again changed positions. Now I was flat on my back with her sitting astride my hips. I grasp her by the forearms and pulled her down thus impaling her on my shaft, which was pushing against her uterus causing her to groan with an exquisite pleasure pain. Soon she began to come in wave after wave. We tumbled onto our sides on the blanket as her passions ebbed. I told her how much I love her and how much I really enjoyed the gifts that She had given me today.

About that time I noticed that Diana was kneeling beside us on the blanket. As I looked up at her she leaned over Gina and kissed me on the mouth saying: "That is the most beautiful thing that I have ever seen." I reached up and caressed her cheek, and she captured my hand and guided it down to her breast. As I grasp her breast, she reached behind her neck and untied the string allowing her breasts to spring free. In this position, one of her breasts was mashed against Gina's back and the other one was in my firm grasp beside Gina's breast. I slid my hand back and forth from Diana to Gina then back again. As I shifted position, so that I could take one of Diana's and Gina'a nipples into my mouth at the same time, Diana tugged at Gina's bathing suit pulling it down off Gina's hips. Gina lifted her legs to facilitate Diana pulling it completely off of her ankles. Having nipples from two women in my mouth at the same time proved to be too big a mouth full. I had to content myself with rasping my tongue across one nipple at a time. I could see goose bumps on both of the beautiful breasts that I was feasting on. Soon Gina turned so that Diana was laying on Gina's left side, and I was laying on her right side. 

Now I kissed first one of them then the other on the mouth stabbing my tongue deeply into each of them in turn. When I switched from one to the other, I could see that Diana was dry fucking against Gina's hip and squeezing her other breast with her free hand. I grabbed that hand and dragged it down across Gina's tummy to her finely haired crotch. Diana's fingers were fascinated with their new venue and continued to feel and probe without further direction from me. The next time that my mouth closed over Diana's I drew her face closer to Gina's, and when I withdrew my tongue I pulled Diana's face against Gina's. With the transfer, I could feel Gina's hand replace mine on the back of Diana's head. I moved around behind Diana and pushed my cock between her silky, bronze thighs, and was rewarded by suggestive wiggles of her tight buns against my lower stomach. I nearly shrieked at the heat that burned the head of my cock when I first penetrated Diana's pussy from the back. As my strokes became deeper, we both rolled on top of Gina. I propped myself on one hand and booth knees while Diana ground her entire body on top of Gina's. The sawing action of my cock on the back of Diana's cunt, and the frictioning of Gina's clit against her own, made short work of Diana. She came as she made long hard rotations of her hips. Each forward rotation completely freed my cock from her burning cunt dragging it over her tightly puckered ass. Each rearward rotation caused my cock head to attempt penetration of her pretty pink ass before scuffing its way into her coming pussy. All of the while Gina maintained a firm grip on the back of Diana's head while their mouths were locked in a long sucking kiss. 

Diana finally pulled away from Gina's mouth and begged me to stop. I reluctantly pulled out of her extremely tight pussy and moved over to sit next to Gina's head. Gina rolled Diana off of her across my lap and immediately took my come soaked cock in her mouth. Her face was still only inches from Diana's, but her eyes were tightly closed, and she was so consumed by what she was doing that she might have been on another planet. Her mouth was more than my cock could take and I began to come again lifting Gina's upper body with each thrust of my hips.
