 Going to the Airport to catch your plane to take you to the Seminar all is on your mind is your Chocolate Lady that will meet you in the city where the Seminar is being held. For two years now you have talked to this lady and all you have seen was an old picture of her. Not knowing what to expect when and if you saw her, but hoping that she was a bathing beauty. 

In flight, as you were sipping on a cup of hot coffee as the plane was getting closer to your destination, all of a sudden when the Captain said fasten your seat belts for landing, you start smiling just thinking about what was going to happen or if she was going to drive there to see you. At the airport, there were shuttle vehicles to take you to your hotel and once there and checked in you take your luggage to your room. Checking out the window to see what you were surrounded by and seeing all the fog. You then decide to go back down stairs to see what's going on in the hotel. The Holiday Inn's that you had stayed in before had wonderful things going on around the lobby or even in the bar. Not today and to your surprise even the Bar is closed so back to your room to unpack.

You also notice when you get back in the room on Television that they have and ADULT Channel. However, thinking that why look at something that you can't touch or be with, so it was out of the question to even think about it. 

At six that evening everyone there for the seminar was having a get to know each other social event in a banquet room. I decided to lie down and take a nap prior to that when suddenly the telephone rang. Before it could ring again you had picked it up to see who was on the other end. She said in a seductive sweet voice, "Hi Baby"! Without hesitation you ask where are you? Thinking that she was calling from home to tell you that she wouldn't be coming to meet you. But surprised that she said right down the hall from you. After telling you what room she was in, you tell her that you are on the way.

Feeling nervous again and wondering if you were going to make a lasting impression on her, rather than change clothes all you did was get your key and walk out of the room. After tapping on her door and when she opens it you want to gasp for air from watching her walk back across the room. Remembering the conversations we had had in the past about her thighs and how she would always say that she has beautiful thighs. Still wearing her traveling clothes that she drove here in and showing the tightness of her pants and those luscious thighs. We both take a seat at the table that the hotel room had in it and stared at each other. Making small talk about how long it has been and glad that we finally had the opportunity to actually meet. She then asked me if I wanted a drink and I said sure. Explained to her that I had a social to attend at six that evening.

Returning to her seat after giving me a drink of Tanqueray over ice and she had fixed herself a glass of Remy. On her way back to where she was sitting, I stood up and hugged her and gave her a light kiss. Her smile got wider then and talked about how she was suppose to be playing volleyball that evening. I then asked her would she rather be playing ball or otherwise. Smiling, she said didn't want to answer that question. I told her that I if it wasn't for protocol I would go to the seminar and just sit there and be with her.

Talking to her for about an hour or so, she said that this was better than the telephone and smiled. Then I was told to lie on the bed so that she could give me that massage that was promised me. Knowing that you are tired from the plane ride, she told me to relax. Moving over and lying on the bed she got in the bed along my side and started rubbing on my back slowly. Then ran her hand under my shirt slowly letting me feel the softness of her hand as it went from my shoulder blade down to the small of my back. Asked me to turn over so that she could take off my shirt and while unbuttoning it, began to kiss on my chest while her hand was slowly moving about my stomach.

Wanting to see those thighs of hers and knowing where I had to be later, I just lay there and let her give me the massage that she wanted too. She said excuse me for a moment so I can get into something more comfortable. Returning from the bathroom, she only had on her brown bra and panties. The thighs were absolutely beautiful! I had never in my life saw a pair that was well proportioned as she had. As she got in the bed, then got on me with her eyes looking deep into mine. Told me that she knew that I had to be some place and before I left she was going to make sure that I hurried back to see her. With that she bent down and straddle my body and began kissing me. Tongue in my mouth as her body touched mine. Next, she began unbuckling my belt and taking my pants off telling me that she wanted some and she wanted me to feel her insides that has been waiting on this. With my pants and everything else off, she then sits up in the bed and releases her bra showing me those hard nipples. Then bending over backwards, she then raises both legs up in the air as she removes the panties, and while the legs are up in the air all I could see was her chocolate pussy lips with the curly black hairs surrounding it.

Dick is already as hard as it can get then I began thinking about our last conversation we had. She had told me that when we met what she was going to do to me immediately. Looking at her taking her hands and cupping her 36's pointing the nipples at me and asked me if I wanted to taste them. She said they need to be sucked, and nibbled on as she once again lay on me putting her nipple in my mouth. Feeling her curly hairs that surrounding her pussy and sucking on her nipple she began moaning as I gently nibbled on it. Wetness was on my leg where she had been lying and the pussy resting on my leg. Knowing that she was ready to be entered, I waited on her since she had told me what all she was going to do. We laid there kissing and sucking until she couldn't stand it no more.

Rising to the occasion, she sat up and mounted my dick and when it went her wet pussy she said ooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhh baby! She rode it and made her pussy squeeze an suck it until she started screaming that she was cumming. The more she cummed the harder she rocked on me bending down and putting her left nipple in my mouth telling me to suck on it. Still cumming as I nibbled and sucked on her small but firm nipples, when she squeezed me and told me to cum with her. I felt myself getting to the point that my control was slipping and when she started moaning and screaming telling me how good she was feeling I had to let go. Cumming in her already wet pussy was what she wanted to feel and she felt it!

Looking at the clock seeing that it was getting close to six. I had to get up and get in the shower. Didn't want to go to the seminar smelling like pussy, but then again I didn't care. Walking in her shower singing, she came in behind me and while standing letting the hot water soothe or bodies. Lips were locked together, and tongues playing and touching. Sucking on her tongue we began to move closer to me and told me wait until I got back. The fun is just going to begin.

Arrived at the banquet hall where the seminar was being held and they had what appeared to be food for days. Everyone was over at the bar getting their drinks and talking. When I ordered my drink, one of the guys came up to me and introduced himself telling me where he was from and all. So we sat down at one of the tables with our drinks looking at the people in attendance. He began talking about some of the women that were there and pointing out which he thought was going to be in the bar every night. We both laughed and I told him that for five days I was sure that they would find something to do. I stayed there for another few minutes and excused myself told everyone I was going to retire for the evening.

Yes I was going to retire, most definitely, right back with my Chocolate delight. I went back to my room and changed into some shorts then grabbed my key and walked to her room. When I opened her door, there she was lying on the bed wearing a short robe and reading the paper. She looked up at me and smiled saying your drink is ready. Walking over to the table to get my drink and then sit on the side of the bed where she was lying on her stomach reading the paper. Couldn't help but to look at those thighs and the round soft behind that was up in the air. She wanted to know how did the social go and I told here not too good see I am back here aren't I? 

I want you to understand now that she isn't a bathing beauty straight out of modeling school or anything but she is fine. Never wears makeup and want ever thing to be just natural. Hair cut short an wants to keep it that way for her sports activities. Long shapely legs, soft ass, and the thighs are just as smooth as they want to be. Looking at her now makes me want to just start kissing and nibbling all on her so perfect body.

We talked for a while but it didn't last long for the next minute we were lying there kissing and my hand was roaming her body. I wanted to feel all of it for that moment. Kissing and loving on her as I know how to do. Feeling on the small yet so firm breast then down to the navel letting my finger roll around in it. Now taking it slow and easy, letting my hand trickle in between her inner thighs soothing the softness. Kissing on her lips moving down to kissing in between the cleavage of her breast as she let out a moan. Tongue sliding on down to right above the pubic hairs in the navel then all around her hairs. Stopping was no where on my mind then as I let my tongue lightly touch the lips around her pussy then her legs just parted. Still kissing on her and letting my tongue slide down her inner left thigh as I planted a kiss just below the pussy on the thigh. Thinking about a conversation we had prior to this and her never experiencing someone licking an sucking on her pussy. In the past she had told me that they would just kiss above the hairs and never actually on and in the pussy.

I wanted to make sure that she enjoyed every minute and lick that I was about to give her. When my tongue touched her pussy lips, she shivered and let out a sigh. After every kiss and lick I would look up at her and talk to her. When my tongue spread open her pussy, once again I looked up at her and told her how beautiful it looked. I wanted her to be comfortable with my tongue when I got ready to stick it in her. Looking at the luscious lips that was greeting me from behind the curly hairs, again I told her how pretty her pussy was. While her pussy lips are spread apart, I let my tongue touch the flesh and roll it around the pinkness. Then taking my hand and spreading back the pussy lips so that I can see the clit. Knowing how delicate the clit is, not wanting to touch it just yet, then decide to get some of her juices that is escaping from her pussy and with my tongue touch her clit.

She began moaning and writhing her hips up to me. Hips telling me to suck her pussy she wants it bad. Not getting in a hurry and still talking to her getting her comfortable. Looking up at her and telling her how sweet it taste and that I am about to stick my tongue in her pussy. She began to moan lightly as I spread her thighs farther apart and with her pussy lips open, slide my tongue in her wet pussy. Moving it around slowly at first taking my time to touch and taste her sweet juices. I remove my tongue and tell her again that her pussy is sweet and taste like chocolate. Knowing that I have her relaxed now, the tongue darts in and out of her pussy. Looking at the clit as it comes from its hiding place, I start sucking on the clit as it emerges.

Feeling her hips move up to my licks, I take my hand from her pussy lips and put them under her and massage the hips as my tongue gets deeper and deeper in her pussy. Tasting her and listening to her moan I am giving her something that she has never had before. Cum starts to flow from her pussy as she tighten up and arches her body up to me. I know now that she is happy and has enjoyed it. Removing my tongue from her wet pussy, I looked her in the eyes and ask was it good to you baby. She explained to me that no one had ever made her feel that way and no one had ever licked and sucked her pussy before. With her pussy juices all around my face she pulled me to her kissing me all around my face. Taking her tongue licking my lips, cheeks, and most of all everywhere there was her juice she licked it off. Without taking a breath, she then took her tongue and put it deep in my mouth for me to suck on it.

Knowing that she is still excited from the orgasm, I didn't want to leave her alone for I felt that she need to come all the way down. I began to caress her, kissing on her soft sweet lips, massaging her nipples, an most of all instead of one finger let two fingers enter her pussy and began finger fucking her. Slowly at first then it gets faster and with you knowing that the roof of her vagina is sensitive like her clit. I let one finger gently rub up and down on the roof while the other is fucking her like it is my dick. Sensing that she is about to cum again talking to her listening to her moan and grind her hips, she began saying fuck me baby, now!

She is lying on her back and I am on the right side of her with her right leg up in the air. Pussy is dripping wet, clit is hard, and she is holding my fingers tight with her gripping pussy. Removing my fingers, then easing up to her with the hardness of my dick letting it slide in the already wet pussy, she moans loudly. Leg still up in the air and I am fucking her slow and easy from her right side. Taking my balls and letting the rest at the base of her pussy, her rhythm with the leg up in the air began to get faster and her breathing was faster. Head moving from side to side, eyes closed, and her hands were cupping her breast and moaning. Continued to fuck her from a soft slow and easy pace to getting faster and harder. Making absolutely sure that the dick was touching the roof of her pussy and letting the head touch the cervix. Cumming immediately as my dick touched the cervix, she began rolling her hips to ever stroke of my dick and when I began cumming with her she had had four orgasms to my one.

Not taking it out, but just lying there rubbing on her body. Starting with her right thigh both inner and outer. I could tell that she was satisfied with the smile on her face as we both fell asleep. Dick still in her wet pussy as she closes her legs holding on to it.

The following morning the radio wakes me as I am still lying with my dick in her pussy an she is still asleep. Looking down at her naked ass and thinking about the fucking from last night, dick start throbbing in her pussy. Thinking about what was in store for you the beginning of the seminar and only wanting to stay right where you were, deep in her hot wet pussy. While she is still sleep, started thinking about giving her some cum to wake her up with. But as you slowly fuck her and rub on her hips, she wakes up and start smiling as she starts moving her hips with my motions. I asked her why she kept my dick in her pussy all night, and her reply was, so that you could wake up to some pussy instead of thinking about it. I wanted your dick to stay in me all night and the rest of the morning. She began moving her hips round and round telling me to fuck her hard she was about to cum. Listening to her desires and providing her with exactly what she wanted we began cumming together then laying there kissing.

I got up, put my shorts back on and kissed her for the morning then headed to my room to shower before going to the seminar. Didn't want to shower in her room for I didn't have my clothes there and if so, we would be in bed fucking again. Showered, dressed then went down stairs for breakfast. The seminar was boring as hell, but what was on my mind was those chocolate thighs along with the sweet tasting pussy. Couldn't wait for lunch time so that I could not go to my room, but to hers.

When they announced at 11:00 o'clock that we were going to break for lunch and would resume at 1:30 I started smiling. Knowing that the reason was they were getting ready for a tour or something that I wasn't going to attend. I only wanted to tour her pussy to see if there were any spots about it that wasn't or hadn't been touched. Going to her room, she was sitting watching one of the Soaps, as I walked up to her to hug and give her a kiss. I told her that we were out until 1:30 and that I could take me a nap, but instead we sat there talking.

Evening had come so fast that I didn't know it. We were sitting there in her room talking and watching a movie. This time she had on a pair of shorts without panties. I started smiling as I looked over at her. I have licked and sucked on some pussy before, but none of them tasted like she did. There was a sweet taste to her cum. Telling her this left a grin on her face as she got up off the bed to close the curtains. Night had come and the city was quiet. At least around the hotel where we were staying. Their was an aroma about the room that smelled like fresh flowers. Watching her closing the curtains and when she bent over to get the cord I told her I sure would like to see her naked like that. She looked back at me and smiled saying she thought that I was to tired and didn't want any more of her.

She was bent over as if tying her shoes. I sat there looking at her ass and asked her if she had ever been fucked from behind. With her saying no she hadn't, she was letting the shorts fall to the floor. Now there was nothing on her and she what position did I want her in. I told her to bend down and grab her ankles so I can see your pussy lips that needs spreading. For a moment though she thought I was going to go in the back door when she told me that it might hurt and for me to make sure that he was lubricated. I assured her that I wasn't going in her back door but was going to stick my dick in her pussy and play with her ass. As she reached down and touched her ankles, I walked up behind her and eased my hard dick in her pussy. I fucked her in that position for about twenty minutes, periodically, with a wet finger I would stick it up in her ass. Finally, when I put my arm around her, I put my open hand on her hairs and began rubbing around the front of her pussy. Thinking that she was about to cum, stuck another finger in her ass slowly in and out then tapped her left cheek when we started cumming. She fell on the bed head rolling back and forth, saying that it felt so good and she loved it and wanted to know how many other positions did I have.

We fucked and sucked for the entire week of the seminar. On Thursday evening as she was packing. I knocked on her door and from behind the door she opened it with just a bathing towel wrapped around her. I had already packed and left out my traveling clothes to fly in on Friday. As the door closed, I hugged her and felt the warmth of her body and my dick started pressing up against the towel she was wearing. Knowing she could fell it for all I had on was a T-shirt and short pants. When I started kissing on her somehow the towel just fell down to the floor. Then we went straight to the bed where we were in a lip lock letting our tongues explore the others. Hands moving about our bodies, it was getting rather warm in the room. Rubbing on her pubic hairs briefly letting a finger touch the inside of her pussy lips when she turned and got in a 69 position. Pussy staring me in the face when she took my dick in her mouth and began sucking and letting her tongue play with the head. I took my finger and sucked on it to get it wet before sticking it her pussy. I spread her pussy lips apart with my tongue and started licking the inside flesh. Tongue going in her pussy, with the wet finger I stuck it in her pussy as well. While my finger was fucking her I let my tongue play with the clit and the top of her pussy.
