 There is something very domestic about watching her putter about in the kitchen. She is making hot cocoa -- I love a good cuppa hot sweetness on a cold evening -- so she had my full attention. Mostly because she was cooking in the nude. Tight, pert arse: the kind that makes me think of wooden spoons and bending her over the counter. Tight, perky breasts: just sized to fit into a coffee-mug. Mmm... dipping her tits into the hot cocoa and sucking them... Tight: the fit of my jeans across my hard cock. Naked cooking -- domestic and erotic.

She carried the hot mugs towards my chair, smiling as she saw the bulge in my jeans.

"Mmm.... a candy cane to stir my cocoa?"

I laughed. "Might be a bit tricky to fit it into the cup, love."

"Then I'll just have to fit the cup around it..." she said as she set the mugs on the side-table and knelt before me. Her hands stroked across my thighs, heading straight to the zipper. I rarely wear underwear, so she was able to see -- and touch -- my erection as soon as the zipper was down. But that was all she could do. I am far too large to be 'fished out through the opening' when fully erect.

"This would be easier if you wore a robe, y'know," she said, working on my buckle and waist button.

"Who said I wanted to make things easy for you?"

I reached for her head to draw her onto my cock. I like the hardness, controlling her motions, pushing her down along my length, using her mouth as my fuck-toy...

"Wait!" she said, "Let me do this, I want to stir my cocoa..."

... but I love to let her surprise me too, and pleasure me at her own rhythm.

But I really didn't want to get up and do pushups into a cup of hot chocolate, so how...?

She took a big gulp of cocoa into her mouth, and grinned up at me. Ahhh.

She lowered her head to my cock, and rubbed its tip with her lips. Then she steadied my shaft with her hand, and slowly pushed her mouth down on me. The sliding pressure was wonderful, and the liquid heat was glorious on my skin. Just at the edge of bearable. I squirmed restless in the chair, but her mouth and hand had me trapped in that maddening heat. No escape but straight through, deeper. Trickles of cocoa leaked out around the seal of her lips, running down my shaft, between her fingers, making me slick. Heating me up further.

She started sliding up and down my shaft, my erection filling her mouth, making it bulge with hot drink and hot cock. Her hand slid up and down to match, the dribbling threads of hot chocolate as lubricant, making my penis into a economy-sized candy bar.

I could feel her lips curl back as she pulled away, then they clamped on my head and there was a moment of mind blowing, intense suction as she swallowed her mouthful of cocoa with my cock-head still inside.

She kept her hand masturbating my shaft as she took another mouthful. I was breathing hard, feeling the tiny twitches and jumps that signal I am close. The air on my shaft didn't even register as cold, until she pushed her mouth down on my cock again, keeping her lips tight to my skin, sucking me into the heat, the feel of her tongue, the inside of her cheeks rubbing my shaft. The heat was too much -- or not quite enough.

I started bucking into her mouth, gripping the arms of my chair. Her head rocked in sequence, driving her mouth down my erection, her hands sliding down to grip my balls at the base of my cock. A faint scraping of teeth and I was over the top, groaning and bucking, thrusting myself into her, my cock exploding deep in her mouth. A scalding wetness flooded over my shaft and balls as she struggled to swallow my cock, my cum, and the hot cocoa -- all of it mixing and overflowing.

"mmm....," she said a bit later, idly licking my softening shaft clean, "I love my cocoa with extra cream..."