 From the moment he walked in the room and our eyes met, we clicked. I know, it sounds cliché, but it's true. When he looked at me, I got that burning sensation down below.

The coffee shop was packed. I was lucky enough to get a table by the windows. I was enjoying my hot chocolate with a shot of caramel latte as well as the view of him sauntering up to the counter. I couldn't hear what he ordered, but I knew it would be as hot as he was.

His jeans were tight around a nicely formed butt and those thighs...His royal blue button-down shirt really brought out the blue of his eyes and his blonde hair fell just above his collar and had just enough wave in it to not be completely straight, with a curl that hung down over his left eye. 

When he got his order, he turned around and looked right at me. It was like being hit with a jolt of electricity. I almost jumped out of my skin. And when he walked toward me, his hips swaying in that way that men's hips do, I almost melted from all that electricity. 

"Mind if I join you? The place is pretty full and this seems to be the only available chair." 

I tried hard not to stutter as I stumbled over my answer, "Uh, go ahead, I don't mind the company." Wow. Did that sound lame or what. I hope I didn't look as red as I felt. The smile he shared with me was almost wicked, and there was a gleam in his eye that curled my toes. 

"So, do you come here often?" he asked and his little laugh was as wicked as his grin. 

All I could say was, "Really? That's the best you've got?" That made him laugh out loud in a voice that was like honey, and I love honey.

"I'm going to be brutally honest with you," he said. "I know that you come here often 'cuz I've seen you in here several times before." 

"Oh? So you've been stalking me huh?" I asked with my voice barely above a whisper, which he took as him taking my breath away. And he was right. How could someone like him notice someone like me? 

He moved his chair closer to mine and leaned in to whisper in my ear, "I don't play games. If I see something I want, I go after it. And I want you." He reached out to place his hand on mine and said, "I know this sounds like a line, but what do you say we get out of here?" 

This time I did stutter. "Y-you mean, together?" 

He gave a chuckle and said, "Yes, together. I don't want to go home by myself tonight." 

"I don't know. I-I don't usually go home with strangers." 

"My name is Luke. Now I'm not a stranger anymore. What do you say?" What could I say? He took my hand and led me out of the coffee shop and around the corner to his car.

As he opened the door of his car for me, I thought to myself, "What the heck are you doing? He could be a serial killer or something." But he touched the small of my back and my legs became like rubber and I almost fell into the car. What the heck. Might as well go for it. I'm already this far. 

He went around and got into the car, which happened to be a shiny black dodge charger, and started the car. He was so smooth and not nervous at all, unlike myself. Wow. Could this really be happening? "You don't have to sit so far away," he said as he patted the seat between us. So, I moved over and after he put the car in gear, he rested his hand on my knee. I almost jumped. Never expected that. Well, not really.

As we were driving down the road, we didn't say a word. He didn't have to. His had slowly slid up my thigh and rested there with the weight of the world.

We didn't drive very far. When he stopped the car, and opened his door, he squeezed my thigh before he got out. He walked around the car and opened my door. He took my hand and led me up the walk to his house. 

He stopped at the door long enough to unlock it and let me in first. Since I didn't know his house, I stopped just inside and waited for him to come in. He came in and closed the door and the next thing I knew, I was pinned against the door. 

All of a sudden, I couldn't breathe. He was standing so close, but not touching me other than holding my arms over my head. He leaned in to kiss me, or so I thought. He brought his mouth within a breath of mine and whispered, "I've waited a long time for this. To be able to approach you and ask you to come home with me. Now that I have you here, I'm going to take my time with you." 

Then he did kiss me, and I thought that I was going to burn from the electricity going through us. This was nothing like at the coffee shop. It was one hundred times better. I started quivering. He slid his tongue inside my mouth and kissed me deeper. I could feel myself growing wet from just this kiss. Then he leaned his whole body in against mine and wow.......now I was pinned against the door with his lean, hard body against me. I felt like I was on fire. 

I tried to push against him, but he held me pinned. He started kissing my throat, licking and nibbling at my ear lobe. I wanted him inside me already. I was straining against him, but he held me firm. I moaned and asked him to please let me go. 

"No way." he said with that wicked little grin. Then he slid one hand down my cheek, down my neck to rest on my breast. He gave a little squeeze and I moaned again. He started to unbutton my blouse ever so slowly. I tried to free my hands, but he was strong. He held them in place. When he was done with the buttons, he kissed the top of my breasts, teasing with his tongue. He then took my left breast out of my bra and squeezed, then lightly pinched my nipple which was at a peak by now and aching. Then he took my nipple in his mouth. Biting, licking, sucking. Another moan escaped my lips. Oh, what sweet torture this was. Then he did the same with the right.

Just when I thought I could stand it no longer, his hand slid across my stomach to my jeans. He unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans. He slowly worked my jeans over my hips so they fell to the floor. He leaned in to kiss me again and when his tongue met mine, he slid his hand inside my panties and started to caress where the fire was building so hot.

Then he slid his finger inside me. It was his turn to moan. "You're so wet already." Then he took one of my hands and placed it against the front of his jeans. "Feel what you've done to me, just knowing you are wet because of me." 

I didn't think my breathing could quicken anymore, but it did. He was straining against his jeans and I wanted to release him. I tried. He told me, "I'll let you go, but you have to keep your hands by your side. Promise?" 

All I could do is nod. He removed my blouse and then he reached around me and unhooked my bra freeing my breasts completely. Again, he took them in his hands and squeezed and then sucked on my nipples, each in turn. I started to move and he stopped me. 

"Uh uh. You promised." Then he started to kiss a trail down my stomach. Suddenly, he dropped to his knees. Kneeling in front of me, he helped me step out of my jeans. Then he rubbed his face against the lace of my panties. Then he pulled them down too. Off they went. I was shaking so much, I didn't know if I could keep standing. He leaned me against the door. I didn't realize I had stepped forward. 

He gently spread my legs apart and started kissing my thighs. Then he probed me with his fingers. "Oh so wet, I want to taste you." Then he spread my wet folds apart and started licking me. I thought I was going to orgasm with the first touch. He started sucking on my swollen clit and I almost went over the edge right then. He slid a finger inside me at the same time and worked me into a frenzy I thought I would go crazy from. 

I couldn't help myself, I tangled my fingers in his hair. "Oh, Luke. I think I'm going to cum. Oh my....." then words left me. 

"Let me have it baby. Let me drink it in." And wow, did I give it to him. Not just once, but twice. Then my legs gave out on me. 

Luke caught me before I hit the floor. Then he helped me walk on my still trembling legs to the bedroom. Once we made it through the door, he stopped me and kissed me again. Just a soft kiss. And a quick brush of his fingers across my breast. He led me over to the bed. He actually took the time to pull back the midnight blue comforter and sheets and then helped me into bed. I sat on the edge of the bed and told him to take his shirt off. 

While he had his hands up, I reached up to unbutton his pants. And since I figure 'turn about is fair play', I unzipped his pants ever so slowly. I could see him straining against his jeans. I ran my hands around his hips to squeeze his butt just slightly and then I grabbed the waistband of his jeans and yanked them down. 

He stepped out of the pile of jeans on the floor then started to move away, but I grabbed his hand and made him come back and stand in front of me. I laid teasing kisses across his stomach and circled his belly button with my tongue. Then I reached up and hooked my fingers in the waistband of his underwear which fit him extremely well. I slowly slid them down his legs and freed his very nicely hardened cock. Then I took him in my hand, and started to stroke. I leaned closer and licked the head of his cock with my tongue ever so slightly. 

It was Luke's turn to tremble. I took his cue that I was doing something right, and moved my hand down the shaft to gently squeeze his balls as I took him wholly in my mouth. I love the way a cock feels. So smooth. I went down on him and when the head hit my throat, I moaned and then Luke moaned. I continued to stroke him and suck on him until he told me to stop. 

"I don't want to cum all over you. I want to cum inside you." 

So, I climbed back in the bed and watched him climb on the bed after me, like a cat after prey. He came up between my spread legs and lay his lean, hard frame against mine. He kissed me even deeper than before. He rubbed the head of his cock against my mons and then slipped inside and rubbed my clit, which was already swollen again. He slid down my clit to slide just inside of me. Once he pushed his mushroomed head inside me, he stopped. I arched my hips to meet him, but he moved away, teasing me. 

"Luke, please, I don't know how much more I can take." 

Teasingly, he said, "Tell me what you want." 

I don't usually 'talk dirty' so it was unusual for me, but I told him. "I want you to shove your hard cock inside my wet pussy and fuck me." 

Something in his eyes changed. I guess what I said really turned him on because the next thing I knew, Luke was granting my wish. He shoved his cock inside me. All of that ramrod hard shaft right to his balls. 

Then he proceeded to fuck me. Hard, wonderful, his balls slapping my ass. "Oh! Luke, bite my neck. Bite me while you drive into me. Please!" He obliged, biting me hard with each thrust. "Harder! Bite me harder!" He did and I had my first orgasm with him deep inside me.

Luke kept going. He didn't let himself spill. Next thing I knew, he flung me over on my stomach and had me on my knees with my ass in the air.

"Now, I'm going to tell you what I want. What I am going to do." 

He pulled me up so my back was against his chest and his cock was against my ass. He reached around to play with my nipples as he licked my earlobe, then he whispered to me. 

"I am going to fuck you from behind," he said as he slid his fingers to my pussy, dripping with juices. 

"I am going to drive my massive, hard cock into this pussy and smack your ass, as you play with your clit for me." 

Then he 'shoved' me back down onto all fours and pushed my head down to the pillows so my ass was back up in the air offering him my glistening pussy.

He drove into me with no warning. I screamed his name. As he proceeded to fuck me, he slapped my ass. I never knew getting a spanking feel SO good! 

"Rub that clit for me!" , he demanded. I complied. I reached down and rubbed my clit while he pounded me over and over. Then the only thing you could hear was skin slapping skin until I screamed his name again. 

Then Luke growled. "Raaaaagh! Oh yeah baby, I'm gonna' cum! Do you want it inside or all over your back?" 

"Oh Luke!", I said breathlessly, "I want to feel you spill your hot seed inside me! Give it to me baby!" 

And he did. He rammed inside me and we were racked with an orgasm that coulda' shook the world! We stayed locked together for what seemed like forever! Oh man, I don't think I have ever felt like that!

Afterward, we both collapsed on the bed and lay beside each other. As we were cuddling, I told him, "I think that's the best cup of hot chocolate I have ever ordered from that coffee shop!"