 This one is dedicated to everyone who has taken the time to write. You rock!

"Please step into my office and shut the door Miss Monroe. Have a seat. I want to go over your quarter-end scores with you." Professor Haan was a tall man with light brown hair and a masculine build. His features were relatively non-descript, but he had sex appeal. He also had expressive green eyes that sent shivers up Terry's spine whenever he looked at her. He presented a conservative manner, but she sensed that he could get a serious freak on if allowed to express himself. She was about to learn this too.

She received an e-mail message from him the night before requesting that she meet him in his office after class. She had shown up promptly as scheduled and now sat before his large cherry wood desk. His office was decorated in a classic and tasteful fashion. His desk angled across a corner with a short book shelf and credenza blanketing the corners behind. Degrees and awards hung prestigiously above his credenza. A large, curtained window with a beautiful view of the track and field spread out before her. Bookshelves lined the adjacent walls and a cozy, black leather couch rested beneath the window just next to his desk area. She drank in every delicate detail she could.

Professor Haan strolled past her chair and around his desk to sit down. He let his hand caress the side of the tall-backed, black leather chair she occupied. She heard his hand slowly pull across the soft leather as she settled back. He sat in his chair across from her and focused on a file full of papers in front of him. "Overall, you've done quite well. I was very impressed with your final project and added a few points for your presentation and creativity." He slowly glanced up at her and made eye contact for a few extra moments. He had done this to her before in class. She often felt like he was just lecturing to her and only her. She held his gaze and felt like he was undressing her.

"That's very kind of you Professor Haan. Thank you." She always spoke cordially to him. She loved the kind of attention it drew from him.

"You're quite welcome, Terry. Please, call me Dave." He smiled that sexy, shy yet inviting smile. Ooh, he was good. Real good, she thought as she felt her naked crotch moisten under her skirt.

"Well, Dave. If my performance has been so exemplary, why have you called this meeting?" She could only imagine. Or could she?

"I'm glad you asked that. I don't have a score for the week 6 assignment. I don't appear to have seen it. Since it's the end of the quarter, I am unable to accept it late."

Terry was shocked. She jumped forward in her seat, "I need to pull the highest grade in this class to be eligible for the internship. Is there anything I can do?"

"I've been thinking about that. That's why I called you in. There really isn't anything you can do. Well, nothing for the class. But, I am open to accepting any favor a student may wish to offer in bargaining for a better score." His face took on a wolf-like expression and I swear he emitted a deep, gutteral growl as he exhaled.

"Oh. Um, well, Dave. What sort of "favor" might a student offer to purchase a high score? I mean, I could clean your office. Or maybe wash your car?"

"I had something entirely different in mind." He swung his chair around to the side and leaned back. "Tell me Terry, do you have a boyfriend?"

"No. I haven't had the time for that sort of thing this quarter."

"So. That means you haven't had sex for a while then. Terry, when is the last time you were given a long, hard fucking?"

She nearly melted as the words rolled off his tongue. She began to stutter and feel a little ashamed as her nipples grew hard and her cheeks flushed pink. She barely uttered, "About a year."

"Why don't you come over here by me. Let's discuss what sort of favors I'm willing to accept from you." He waved her around the desk. When she arrived near him, he guided her hips positioning her at the edge of his desk in front of him. She leaned back against the desk before him seated in front of her lap. He looked her up and down and whispered, "Will you lift your skirt?"

She obliged, slowly lifting her black cotton skirt up above her knees. Then above her thighs. With each level, his breath increased. She could see his lap bulging with anticipation. She lifted her skirt above her naked crotch. He let out a sigh and leaned back in his chair, squirming to adjust his building tension. He looked her squarely in the eyes and said, "Show me your pussy."

She parted her legs a little and reached down to open her full, pink lips. He unzipped his pants as he watched her. His hand slowly caressed, then pulled out his erection. He began to masturbate while staring at her exposed and moistening hole. He built himself up to his fullest hardness and then left his erection to bob in is lap as he reached for her pussy. "May I feel your pussy?" He didn't even wait for her response as his finger inserted enough into her cunt to pull out some moisture and run it up along her clit. Her head fell back and she exhaled an uncontrolled moan. 

"Do you want me to fuck your pussy?" He inquired. His tone no different than if her were asking a question during a lecture. She was unable to reply, breathless from the way his finger slowly slid and smeared all over her clit and lips.

"Say fuck," he encouraged.

"F-f-fuck."

"Say my."

"mmmy."

"pussy," he slowly whispered into her ear as he stood and leaned into her.

"Oh god, fuck my pussy. Please?" She nearly begged as he ran his stiff cock across her damp clit. He humped the outside of her cunt like this for a little bit, muttering comments and obscenities into her ear.

"Please, huh? Are you begging for it? Begging for my hot fuck? I knew your were a nasty freak when I first laid eyes on you. You are so sexy. I could barely take my eyes off you during my lectures. Do you have any idea how many times I've thought about doing this to you? Fucking your tight wet cunt. Huh? Yeah, I've been wanting to cram you full of my hard cock for weeks." He tugged and pulled her body into him, grabbing her ass cheeks, her thighs, then back up to her arms and tits. 

He spent this time unbuttoning her blouse and pulling her tits over the top of her bra. He moved his mouth from her ear to her nipples. He rubbed his cock on her while nibbling and sucking her tits and nipples. He licked up her neck to her mouth and stuffed it full of a strong, passionate kiss. Sucking and nibbling at her full lips and tongue he asked, "What did you say?"

She moaned into his mouth, "Fuck my pussy." She could feel her orgasm building as he pulled her into him with the front of her blouse. His cock head began to enter her hole as she still stood, leaning back on the desk.

"Fuck your pussy, huh? Not quite yet. You're not ready." He continued teasing her hole and rubbing her clit, pushing his cock head into it with his hand. He smeared his pre-cum into her stiff and dripping clit. Then he started pushing against her with a slow, steady rhythmn. "I want you to be good and ready."

She began to rock into him in a slow rhythmic trance and moans started emitting from her throat. Her orgasm was upon her as he slid along her slit. "Now you're ready." He stated as he shoved his stiffness inside her. She let out a cry as he road her orgasmic waves. She felt another orgasm rise on top of the incomplete initial one. She could feel his cock head swelling inside her as it rubbed her sensitive, pre-orgasmic g-spot. He groaned into her and rammed a couple of more slow and steady strokes into her cervix as he shot into it. Her inner hole gripped him as he slid deep into her with his mouth covering hers and his hands holding her head to his. "Oh god yes, you are a great fuck," he whispered into her mouth.

He stroked into her a few more times with his spent, semi-erect cock. "I'm gonna get hard again," he commented. With that, a abruptly slipped out of her and fell back onto his chair. He scooted up and pushed her onto his desk spreading her legs apart. He began to lick her sensitive swollen clit very gently. He quickly flicked his tongue ever so lightly across her there. It felt like hummingbird wings to her in her post coital haze.

She began to gently hump as her arousal built up again. He just stuck out his tongue for her to wipe on. She humped at him for a few moments, adjusting the pressure from light to harder. He suddenly covered her clit and pussy with his whole mouth and began to suck. She screamed as he sucked another orgasm out of her. She lay back on the desk, breathless and spent as he arose from his chair. His shirt unbuttoned and hanging, his pants off and his massive cock jutting forward at her. He was so fucking sexy.

She was panting and moaning and staring at him hovering over her like a predator at prey. "Turn over," he commanded with his hard dick in his hand. She stood and bent over the desk. He deftly slipped himself into her letting out a moan. He grabbed her ass cheeks and began to slam himself into her. He pushed so deep that she could feel his balls swing against her clit. He impaled her to the desk with his body and reached to hold the other side. She felt rooted to the desk as he pushed and poked rapidly into her with his newly gained leverage. His legs pushed hers together between them as he pounded her tight wet hole. His head was just above hers, grunting and moaning into her ear with every thrust. She could feel his balls stiffen as they pushed into her clit. He grunted and thrust into her now with such force as her orgasm built from the agitation from the hair of his balls against her clit.