 I've been traveling for work for about five years now, and there's something about a hotel room that always turns me on. Maybe it's the anonymity of it, maybe it's the hours and hours of amateur porn I've watched since adolescence, which always seems to take place in a hotel room. While some may get grossed out thinking about how many times people have fucked in a hotel room... for me that only gets me hotter. But after last night... I'll never be able to stop fantasizing about hotel rooms.

I was staying in the Royal Inn... an off-brand, no-big-deal kind of hotel with floral comforters, a chintzy little coffee maker, and plenty of porn to rent. I settled in after a day of meetings, called the front desk for extra pillows, and started surfing the porn channels to see what was for rent. I happened upon an "all anal" porno and just the preview image got me stiff in my jeans. Within minutes I was cock-in-hand, ready to go. As Bruce McStudly pressed his well-oiled cock into Bambi McBabely's puckered asshole, I let loose an orgasm that shook me hard. KNOCK, KNOCK.

Oh shit. I'd already forgotten that I'd ordered extra pillows. I scrambled to tuck my jizz-covered cock in my jeans, wiped my hands on the bed (mea culpa), and rushed to the door. "Hello?" I called, peering through the peephole at the maid. 

"Pillows!" she answered, her voice light and cheerful. I checked myself over once, twice, wiped my hands on my jeans again, and opened the door.

"Uh, hi..." I muttered, and barely spared a glance at the woman. I held out my hands for the pillows, but she pushed past me.

"I've got some extra shampoo and conditioner, too. I'll just set everything up." As she passed me I finally gave a peek. What a great body, a little chubby, with a nice rack pressed tight beneath her slate-gray maid uniform. No sexy maid skirt, because this is the Royal Inn and the year is 2016, but I could see her panty-line, and see she was wearing a thong. Fuck. I'm being a pervert, what a fucking creep, I should just—

"Spread my asshole, baby. Spread me out!" Oh shit. The porn, I left it on the TV in my rush to answer the door and now the maid's walking right into the room. Oh shit, oh shit...

"Hmmm... I haven't seen this one yet. Is it good?"

She turned, now I could see her in full. She smiled teasingly at me and her name: Mary, was emblazoned on a pin over her left breast. She looked me up and down, then proceeded to place and fluff the pillows on the bed.

"Uh... oh geez, I'm so sorry. I'm so embarrassed." I rushed to switch off the television. Suddenly her hand, with manicured red fingernails, gripped my wrist. She pulled me close to her.

"Leave it on." I nodded. I had no idea what was going on, but I felt a stir in my groin. My cock was one step ahead of me, as usual. Mary was about thirty-five, from the looks of it. Shortish, with brown hair done up in a workmanlike ponytail. She didn't wear makeup, save for a bit of eyeliner. She pulled me close to her. "You ever fantasize about fucking the maid?"

I nodded dumbly. Of course I had.

She pushed me lightly with two hands and I feel onto the bed. She unbuckled my jeans and slid them and my underwear down to my ankles in one quick swoop. Damn... I just came, I'm a cummy mess down there.

"You started without me?" She smiled again and before I could talk she slid my half-hard cock into her mouth, licking up my cum from moments before. This was all happening so fast. Was this real? Did I have a condom? Did she have a condom? Did I care? She sucked my cock, and held it in her mouth, letting it grow as I quickly stiffened again inside her.

She licked the length of my cock, sucking along the shaft, letting my head pop out of her mouth with a loud SPLOCK. We both laughed at the noise, for a second, and then she went back for more. All the while the porn blared in the background, with Mr. and Mrs. Anal going hard to pound town.

When she finally came back up for air she stepped up and left me dazed and confused on the bed. "I'll be right back..." and she stepped out into the hallway. She returned a moment later with her maid's cart and wheeled it into the entry to my room. "Don't want anyone to know what we're up to, right?" She came back holding a condom... thank god, I wouldn't have had the strength to resist her and I would have regretted it all the way to the STD clinic. She unwrapped it and slid it over my dick, still slick and shining from her mouth.

"Now listen, hotel boy. I've been horny all day, I need some release. Think you can help me out?" I nodded dumbly, again, and got myself fully onto the bed. "Good." She peeled off her top, revealing a cute white bra. Her cups runneth over, jiggling in my face as she slid off her pants. As she turned, I could see her perfect pale ass in a hot pink thong. Good god, this woman was sexy.

She kicked off her shoes and shimmied off her panties, leaving her bra still on. I was sprawled out on my back, my hard cock sticking straight into the air, and as she climbed on top of me she hesitated for a second, as though even she had a moment of "what the fuck am I doing?" But it was only a moment, and then she slid her wet pussy down onto my condom-clad cock. She moaned as I rocked deep inside of her, then she moved her hand down to her clit and began slowly rubbing. I gripped her perfect ass cheeks in my hands, and began pumping. God damn, that felt so good. It was unreal, the way she slid up and down on my cock I knew she must have been soaking wet.

"Oh," she moaned, "just stay still inside me. I want to feel you fill me up while I rub my clit." I love a girl who tells me what she wants, and I was happy to obey. I pressed up and toward her belly a bit, but other than that stayed shock-still and rock-hard inside her. She moaned, and began rubbing her clit faster. "Oh fuck, yes... fuck yes..." I held her tight in my hands, held her down hard on top of me, "fuck... I'm gonna cum."

"Yes, baby, come for me!" was all I could manage.

"When I cum..." she said in between heavy panting, her voice lilting up in a hyper-sexual moan, "fuck my brains out, you got it?" I nodded. I could feel her tightening around my cock. Holy shit, I could feel this stranger tightening around my cock. Then she fell down on top of me and gripped the pillows hard around my head. She looked me in the eyes, her own eyes going wide, and mouthed the word "now."

I pounded her harder than I've ever fucked anyone in my life, just unrelenting. And she came, hard, around my cock. I could feel her pussy throbbing as I jack-hammered into her. "Fuck me, fuck me, use me damn it." That just about did it for me, and I began to slow down to avoid cumming too soon. But she bucked down hard on me and screamed, "You're my fuck toy, hotel boy. Fuck this pussy. Fuck this pussy! Oh fuck!" I pounded her hard for another minute before unloading into the condom. She lay on me then, both our chests heaving, her breath smelling like Orbit gum, sweat clinging to our bodies. Eventually she rolled over and got dressed again. The porno continued in the background, now a brunette was getting plowed in the ass by a well-hung guy.

She straightened her hair, checked herself in the mirror, and went over to her cart. "How long you staying here?" She asked, looking back at me.

"Uh, just tonight was the plan, but..."

"I get off in an hour, gotta go home to the boyfriend." She smiled that wicked smile again, "But I'm back on for the midnight shift tomorrow."

"I think I could extend my stay for an extra day." I muttered.

"Good," she said. The porno still played on, now the woman was getting her ass spread, the guy's dick sliding completely in and completely out of it. The woman on the TV screamed in pleasure. Mary pointed to the TV "Good, because that looks like fun. Don't you think, hotel boy?" I nodded as she laughed, straightened out her skirt, and rolled her cart out of the room.