 I'd been looking forward to this trip for days. Shar and I hadn't known each other long, but we found out right away we are a great fit. We have the same tastes in music and food, and we're both into computers. But most of all, we turned out to be perfect sex partners - both believing that most anything goes so long as both get to enjoy it and no one gets hurt. I was shocked a bit by her openness at first, but that turned into pure joy when I found out what a great match we are. 

I have a cabin at a little lake an hour or so away, and I don't get up there much, but I knew right away that it was a great place for us, and I looked forward to getting more use out of it. Since Shar was a great athlete and had been into competitive swimming during her school days I knew she'd love the lake. She had thrown a little wrinkle at me when she asked if she could invite her girl friend to join us, but her big smile told me it couldn't be that bad. I gave Shar directions for her and she was scheduled to arrive in the afternoon.

I picked Shar up early - fought off the urge to say the hell with it and just spend the day at her apartment when she gave me one of those great deep kisses of hers - and grabbed her hand and pulled her to the car. My motor was running before the car's when she gave me a great big smile and reached over to rub the front of my shorts. Of course my response was immediate and I knew she was enjoying teasing the bulge she created. Neither of us had much on - just shorts and a tee for me and a shirt tied above the waist and tiny shorts for her. We knew we didn't need much else - the lake is private and it's way back in the woods beyond the cabin, so no need for suits. 

As I drove, my hand slid up and down her thigh, and I loved the smoothness of it. And of course her hand in my lap was giving me fits - particularly when she yanked down the zipper and let my poor cock out! I had to really concentrate on driving then! She stroked me slowly and of course I slipped a finger up under her shorts to feel the wetness I knew was there - she was already soaked! Only about an hour - but one of the longest rides of my life!

As I approached the turn to my drive I noticed a car parked on the road just beyond. People sometimes come out and walk in to the lake because its so seldom used. But they were going to have to leave if they interfered with our plans. As I drove the 100 yards or so in to the cabin the mood changed - Shar leaned over and kissed my neck wetly, and started really cranking on my already rock hard cock. I barely got the brake on and the engine off before we were wrapped tightly together, tongues desperately searching out one another. With some difficulty, I broke free and got out of the car - fumbling for the keys up to the door as Shar clung to me giggling - trying to stroke my still rigid cock. We fell in the door together and kicked it shut. I literally tore her flimsy shirt off as she tugged and pulled my shorts down to my feet. My tee and her shorts disappeared as we rolled together on the floor in a ball of arms and legs, lips locked tightly. I could have fucked her hard right then on the carpet, but we had all day, and I really wanted to get out in the warm sun on the deck. We were both sun freaks amongst other things - using tanning beds when we couldn't get the natural stuff, and we reveled in each other's all over tans. Over her loud objections I got loose and we literally ran to the back and out onto the deck.

I grabbed her around the waist and lifted her up to throw her onto one of the double chaises there, but froze when we heard a loud splash! Looking down to the lake we saw two heads in the water, close to eack other. A little shocked at their presence we watched as they moved together and locked in a wet embrace. They were in waist deep but it was pretty obvious they hadn't bothered with suits. As we watched, they slowly made their way out of the water together, hands working overtime, and fell onto their sunlit blanket on the sand. Both about our age or maybe a little younger. She pushed him down and grabbed his exceptional cock - stroking it hard and looking into his eyes. Suddenly she swung a leg over his body and bent over him on her knees - lowering her pussy to his mouth as she inhaled that begging cock. The moans were clearly audible to us, as they put on a show with a passionate 69.

We had our arms locked around each other, but we were fascinated with the action below, and we played with each other and watched. They were thrashing and moaning on the blanket, intent on pleasing each other, his arms locked around her ass, pulling that hot pussy down to his mouth as her lips pumped on his cock like a piston. At once he gave an audible growl as he obviously couldn't take any more. He grabbed her hair and yanked her mouth from his smoking cock. 

Quickly he pushed her down and slid between her legs, cock in hand. We both heard her moan as he shoved it deep into her. He leaned forward and locked his lips over a nipple as her hands tangled in his hair. Suckling for a moment, he then straightened up and started pumping his cock deep into her, and she responded with a moan for each stroke. All at once he froze - he had seen us staring down at them.

Not about to stop this now, I gave a big wave along with a wide grin, and that along with our nakedness reassured him. He said something to his partner, and she glanced up in our direction, so she knew they had an audience too. Perhaps spurred on by our presence, he began ramming his cock into her even harder and we could see her whole body move with each stroke, her ample boobs jiggling in the sunshine. They were both making a lot of noise as they fucked,and we could hear her urging him on, to fuck her faster and harder. She played with her nipples as he rammed her, pulling and twisting them.

Just when we thought they both had to cum, he slowed and backed away from her. She rolled over and got on her knees and he moved in to take her doggy style. He ran his swollen cock up and down her ass crack a few times, then over her pussy. All at once he rammed it home deep inside her, and she responded with a cry of surprise - and pleasure. He grabbed her hips and pounded against her ass as he fucked her deeply and hard. Soon we heard them groan in unison as he came deep inside her and she obviously had an orgasm to die for, moaning and squirming while impaled on his cock.

In a few moments the two of them collapsed on the blanket, obviously completely spent. Shar and I looked at each other and spontaneously untangled our arms and gave them a round of applause. That was a great performance! Needless to say, even though we had mostly stopped our earlier heavy action, we were both hotter than a forest fire! Besides, we knew we owed something to the people below us for that show. As they finally revived, we grabbed each other and kissed long and hard again, standing sideways to give them the best view. Quickly I moved my mouth down to Shar's firm tit and engulfed as much as I could of it. She gave out with a heartfelt sigh as my tongue ground against her nipple, but I knew it was just a little louder than normal so our guests could hear. After suckling her sweet breast for a moment, I tore myself away and continued down her body, pausing to let my tongue explore her belly button. Her hands were tangled in my hair. 

Dropping to my knees I found my face a few inches from her sweet pussy, so wet the fragrance overwhelmed me. I didn't hesitate as I buried my face in her, tongue seeking out the sweet juices that were flowing from her. I could feel her legs shaking as her hands pressed my face into her steaming pussy. I lapped up all the wetness I could and then ran my tongue up between her lips, until I could lock my lips over her swollen clit. As my tongue swirled around on it she gasped and let out a very loud, "Oh yessss." As I sucked harder she practically screamed, "Oh Godddd, yes, yes, yes, eat me baby!" I loved hearing that and it spurred me on to greater lengths, but I knew it was partly for the benefit of our audience, who must have been in rapt attention. My hard cock was throbbing, and I decided it was time to really give 'em a show. I pulled away from her hands and stood up, eyes locked on her hard, tanned body. Grabbing the cushion from one of the chaises, I threw it on the picnic table, then pushed Shar back against it till she was lying down facing me. She put her legs on my shoulders to give the onlookers the best possible view, as I rubbed my cock up and down her pussy a few times. 

She was dripping wet and it slipped in easily. I stopped a moment and stared into her eyes, both of us smiling. Suddenly I rammed it all the way home!! With a look of disbelief she gave out a cry of pleasure and pain, "Oh my god! Oh yesss!" I heard a gasp all the way from the beach! We were both so hot I immediately began ramming my hard cock into her, Shar meeting my every thrust. The slapping sound of my legs against her ass was audible to all. She was pinching her pert light pink nipples as I stroked harder and harder, driving both of us crazy. In a few moments I heard Shar gasp and as I continued fucking her she came hard on my cock, bucking and moaning. I knew I couldn't hold out for long at that pace, so I slowed my strokes as her orgasm subsided. I pulled away from that delicious pussy and laid down on the table next to Shar, waving to our friends as I did so. Quietly I said to her, "Do me good babe," and she gave me her best smile and climbed over my dripping cock - facing the onlookers! 

Then she returned the favor! Instead of sliding down on my cock, she slammed down on me till she was completely impaled! It felt sooooo fucking good!!! She started to fuck me fast and deep - going all the way down on me with every stroke. In just a few strokes she came again - I could feel the fresh flow of her hot cum running down my cock and over my legs. 

Slowing for only a moment, she then continued fucking me even harder and faster, my cock throbbing in her pussy, about to burst. I whispered to her, "I'm gonna cum baby, take it in or out." Immediately she pulled off of me and knelt between my legs, inhaling my cock in one motion. She stroked me with her mouth just a few times and I blew my load, filling her mouth till she pulled away, the remainder covering her face. 

Both of us were gasping for breath and I could see the cum still in Shar's mouth. She swallowed valiantly and showed me "all gone" with a big smile. I sat up and wrapped my arms around her - both of us completely spent for the moment. All at once we heard a loud cheer, the folks from the beach had come up and were standing a few feet away applauding our efforts!

Somehow we didn't feel like strangers as we exchanged names and polite kisses. I told Ron and Cathy they were welcome to come out and use the lake anytime, and we agreed to get together soon for a barbecue on the deck. Of course, I noticed immediately that Cathy has a great set of boobs, larger than Shar's, though not nearly so firm. And I could see that Shar was observing that Ron is extremely well hung. I went to her chair on a pretense of straightening it and whispered, "Would you like some of that?" 

Her big smile told me all I needed to know. I walked over to Cathy at the deck rail and casually lifted her still-damp hair and kissed the back of her neck. She leaned back against me and gasped quietly, so I knew she didn't mind a bit. I nuzzled her a bit more as I let my hand rest on her well rounded ass, and I figured Ron and Shar would be watching us. But when I glanced back they were looking at each other! 

I wrapped my arms around Cathy, seizing a heavy breast in each hand, squeezing and letting my fingers play with the hard nipples. As I did, she turned her head to me and whispered, "Watching you two fuck got me so hot I'm on fire." 

"Fireman Dan here!" I whispered back, as I licked her ear.

"Make sure you give me a good hosing," she replied. "I'll only be jealous if your girlfriend gets more than I do!" That was a challenge I couldn't refuse.

We kissed deeply, tongues exploring new territory. She was purring softly in her throat, and my cock was already rock hard again, pressing against her ass. We heard a small moan from behind, and looked to see Shar and Ron standing wrapped together, lips locked and his hands on her ass, pulling her against him. I turned Cathy to me and said, "Looks like they are ready for an encore, and I know we are!"

My mouth slid down from her chin to her breasts, my tongue leaving a wet trail. At the same time, she grasped my rigid cock and started stroking me. She pulled slowly but hard on me as I sucked on one of those great tits, playing with the nipple between my teeth, and my tongue grinding on the tip. Her head was back and she was pushing herself into my mouth. Slowly, I lowered myself to my knees, letting my lips and tongue trail down her as I went. Her sweet looking snatch was inches from my face, as I inhaled her scent. In contrast to Shar's baldness, she had a well manicured bush just above her clit. In one motion I grabbed her ass and pulled her dripping cunt to my mouth. I buried my face in her and drank up her sweet juices. She cried out, OHH DAMN!" and pushed her pussy hard against my face.

I ran my tongue up and down between her swollen lips til I found her clit. Lips locked tightly over it, I let my tongue swirl and teased it with my teeth. I could feel her legs start to shake, and she moaned out, "Ohh FUCK! I love to get eaten!" for all to hear.

Meanwhile, the moans from the back of the deck were getting louder too. My cock was throbbing and starting to drip, so I stood and swept Cathy up in my arms. We both stared for a moment at Shar, who was deep throating Ron's big cock like a popsicle, his hands tangled in her hair and urging her on. 

I carried Cathy to the chaise next to them and positioned her on her knees at the end. Cock in hand, I ran the tip over her lips a few times, feeling her press against it. She was so wet and ready the tip slipped in easily. My hands on her hips, I rammed it home, eliciting a squeal from her, but when she pressed back for more I knew I had the desired effect. No lovemaking now, this was just great fucking, and I began pounding against her ass fast and hard, my legs slapping with each stroke. She met every thrust and was gasping out, "Yes! Dammit, harder! Oh GOD yes, fuck me hard you sonofabitch!" 

As I rammed Cathy with my rock hard cock, I realized Shar was now on the chaise next to me, in the same position, with Ron, letting him know how much she liked the fucking she was getting too!!! Ron had an advantage with his great big cock, fucking Shar with long steady strokes. I had to go a bit faster to achieve the same effect, but Cathy didn't seem to mind a bit. She was ramming herself back onto me, giving as good as she got. Her cunt was tight, hot, and dripping wet.

Ron was sweating, and gave me a grin as he gave Shar's firm ass a hard smack. She snarled at him, "Ouch you bastard - do it again!!" WHAP, WHAP, WHAP! 

Shar was fingering her clit, and soon gave out with a growl I recognized as signaling the beginning of a great orgasm, Ron pounding ever harder. Sure she would love it, I gave Cathy several hard whacks too. After each one she slammed back on me so hard I had to hold on to her hips. I started slamming Cathy even faster, and in response she put her head down on her arms and came for me on my throbbing, swollen cock. 

Since we had come this far I decided we might as well go for broke. I bent over Cathy and whispered, Hey babe, want to try something new?"

"Anything," she said, "just don't stop!!"

I reached down to Cathy's pussy and got my hand dripping wet with her juices, while still slowly fucking her. I put my hand between her cheeks and rubbed the sweet liquid over her asshole. But as I started to push a finger into her little button she said, startled, "Oh no, there?" 

I realized she had never had it in the ass and the look on Ron's face told me he hadn't done it either. But Shar realized what I was trying to do, and said "give it a chance honey, he's very good at it"." You wanted to be even," I said, "this might put you one up!" 

With Ron still slowly stoking into Shar and looking on, I pressed first one, then two fingers into Cathy's hole. She groaned but did not protest. After letting her adjust to the feel I slowly stroked them in her, along with my cock, still in her pussy. She rolled her ass back against me and I knew she was game to try. I slowly pulled fingers and cock out of her, then pressed my cock head firmly on her asshole. For a moment nothing happened, but then she relaxed a bit and the head slid slowly in. She gave a loud groan, and I hesitated, to let her get used to it. Then, inch by inch, I eased further into her, stoking only slightly for more pressure.

When I felt her press back to me, I knew she had accepted the idea, and began slowly reaming that beautiful ass, going deeper with each stroke till she took all I had to give. She groaned with each stroke, but there was now more pleasure than pain. Suddenly I realized Ron was still stroking Shar's pussy, but staring wide-eyed at us. I said "Go for it man, she loves it!" Shar echoed, "Oh yes Ron, please! I wanna try it with that great big cock!!!" Needing no more urging, he started copying what he had just seen. In a minute, both of us were stroking hard into sweet tight assholes, gasping because of the tightness, and fighting to remain in control. Cathy and Ron had never experienced such a thing before, so it was even wilder for them. I was amazed that Shar was taking all of that big cock with no problem. 

With all that stimulation and Cathy's incredibly tight ass, I was the first to give in, pulling my smoking cock from her ass and cumming hard all over her glowing cheeks. When she felt my fiery cum on her she had a wild orgasm, writhing and fingering her pussy. At that point, Shar glanced back at Ron and said "Come on mister, fuck me hard, make me cum dammit!" He did as told and in a moment came deep inside her ass, sending her into ecstasy with an amazing orgasm, impaled on his cock and howling her pleasure.

Needless to say, all of us collapsed onto the deck at that point, completely spent. Shar sat back against me as I softly stroked her and told her how great she was, while Ron and Cathy were locked in a tender embrace, softly kissing and murmuring. Unfortunately, they had to be back in town by noon, so they quickly gathered up their stuff and left, promising to be in touch very soon, as they departed. I was sure of that! Since we still had the day ahead of us, and Shar's friend was due to arrive around two, we decided to go for a swim to freshen up a bit and to refresh ourselves. We strolled naked down the path to the beach in the sun, my arm around her waist, hand resting on her ass. Nothing was said - what could be said about an encounter like that? 

At the water's edge we exchanged a deep heartfelt kiss and started in. It felt great on our sun-drenched and somewhat sweaty bodies. She went ahead a little, and I splashed some water on her naked back. She cringed and with a whoop turned and used both hands to shovel water on me. Soaked, I started to run in after her and she turned and dove cleanly in, then surfaced and started stroking hard towards the raft. I followed but she beat me easily, and I watched as she climbed naked up the ladder. 

I went up after her, and ran across the raft to her, wrapping my arms around her and leaping off again. She shrieked as we both splashed back in, going deep into the coolness. When we surfaced, I kissed her hard and long, not letting her catch her breath. Then I pushed her under and swam back to the raft, climbing swiftly onto it. By the time she surfaced and got her breath I was standing looking down at her. More slowly she climbed back up, and I wrapped her in my arms and kissed her tenderly. 
