 *The last part of the 'Hot For Teacher' story.*

Jess Harrow is an eighteen year old student at Seaview College, and is interested in no other subject than man-hunting. Tom Davies is a passionate Art teacher, who is trying not to be led astray by the entourage of young ladies pursuing him lustfully. In the last chapter, Jess and Tom got rather personal, though Tom's lack of organisation got him less than he bargained for. 

*

"Jess?" Hayley called, running down the hallway to catch up to her best friend. 

"Hey." Jess said casually. "How was Art?"

"Good. Especially with Mr Davies there, he is so hot!" Hayley replied happily. 

"I suppose." Jess said, rather off-hand. "I need to get my sports stuff out of my locker. Come with?" 

"Of course." Hayley said enthusiastically. "Do you not think Mr Davies is hot, or something?" 

"I'm kind of seeing someone." Jess shrugged, her mind drifting to the tall, handsome man waiting for her in the Art Department. 

"Ooh, do tell." Hayley giggled. 

"Damien and I are kind of back together." Jess lied. "It's nothing much, but..."

"But you're screwing him." Hayley laughed. 

"Hayley! A young lady of my stature never kisses and tells." Jess said, slapping her friend's arm lightly. 

"I should hope not, Jess." A deep voice said from behind them. 

The girls turned around to see Mr Davies, or Tom as Jess called him, standing behind them. He was causally texting on his phone, or had been until he spotted the two young ladies. He couldn't help but admire what Jess was wearing today. 

Jess had been rather disruptive in his lesson yesterday, and he had been forced to give her detention for the next day. She had acted a scene, but Tom knew that it would be no ordinary detention. And this time, he was prepared.

Jess seemed to have sensed this, and sported a pair of denim skinny jeans so tight they almost gave her cameltoe, and a vest top that didn't really cover much up. She was clearly determined to tease Tom throughout the day, and it was already working.

"Don't forget you've got detention tonight, Jess." Mr Davies said, before walking away swiftly.

"How did you get detention?" Hayley asked, as Jess took her sports kit out of her locker. 

"Oh, just messing around in his lesson." Jess replied casually, walking towards the gym. "I couldn't be bothered with him."

"I could be bothered with him." Hayley said, fluttering her eyelashes. "Any day of the week."

Jess just rolled her eyes at her friend's seduction techniques, and they made their way into the changing rooms. Jess instantly grabbed the space that she always used, and Hayley joined her. 

As Jess watched her best friend start to undress, she couldn't help but feel slightly turned on. Jess wasn't particularly into women, but even she couldn't deny that Hayley was hot. Jess shook her head, turning the other way. She quickly changed into the miniskirt and tight polo-shirt that was her sports kit. 

Upon leaving the female changing rooms, Jess spotted Mr Davies talking to the males sports teacher. She frowned, and wondered what Tom was doing there. She didn't have any more time to wander, because the very man she was lusting over came towards her. 

"Hey, Jess, you're in Mr Anderson's class, right?" Tom asked. 

"Yeah." She replied. 

"He's broke his leg, I'm going to be covering him for the next few days until they can find a replacement. I figured we would do a little basketball today." He explained. 

"Sounds great." Jess said, a sly smirk creeping across her face. "Perfect, actually." 

She walked into the Sports Hall and over to the basketball court, where a few of her friends were waiting. She talked to them quietly for a little bit. Mr Davies split the girls up into teams of four, and they set to work. 

Jess found that more often than not, Mr Davies was circling her game of basketball. She took this as an opportunity to tease him, and made sure to jump a lot. With her skirt being so short, and him being so close, this resulted in occasional glimpses of Jess's thong for Mr Davies. By the end of the game, Mr Davies was rather worked up and Jess was rather tired. They had won the game, but at what cost, Jess wondered. She quickly changed in the changing rooms, and left the sports hall before Tom could question her on it. 

At 4pm, Jess knew that it was time for her detention. She left her last lesson early, to make sure that her appearance was just perfect. She waltzed into his classroom confidently, looking around for any sign of her favourite teacher, but he was nowhere to be seen. 

"Mr Davies? Tom?" Jess called. 

Suddenly, she felt a hand clamp around her mouth, and she was pulled into the supply cupboard. She wanted to scream, but the person was too strong. 

The door to the cupboard was closed, and the light turned on. The hand around her mouth was released, and just as Jess was about to scream, she caught sight of a pair of soft brown eyes. 

"Tom." She breathed.

"Hello, Gorgeous." Tom replied, laughing slightly. 

"I thought someone was trying to kidnap me." Jess said, punching him on the arm. 

"No, just me. It's time for you to serve your detention." Tom said deeply, his voice filled with lust. 

Tom pulled Jess into him, so her back was pressed against his crotch. She could feel his dick was hard, and it turned her on greatly. Tom started to place a trail of rough kisses down her neck, making Jess shiver, until he bit her neck, when she moaned. 

"Sh, baby, we can't have someone catching us." Tom said quietly, and Jess simply nodded. 

He took Jess' top off, and she did the same for him, admiring the hard six pack that remained hidden all day. She ran her fingers down his chest as he pulled down her bra strap, freeing those breasts he simply loved to stare at. He began to roll her left nipple back and forth in his fingers, making her bite her lip to stop herself from moaning in pleasure. 

"Stop it, you'll make me scream." Jess chastised.

"You have no idea how much I want that." Tom replied. 

Jess decided that she had had enough of Tom's teasing, and her hands travelled down to his crotch, which was covered by a pair of black jeans. She cupped it in her hands, and felt it harden more. 

"Holy shit, Jess." Tom whispered. 

"Please, just fuck me." Jess whimpered, feeling another wave of excitement roll through her. 

"Patience is key, Jess." Tom replied, though he sounded like he wanted nothing more than to fulfil her wishes. 

Tom slowly started to unbuckle his jeans, and pulled them down. His erect penis was rather obvious to Jess, it was straining against his boxers. She undid her jeans also, and they carried on undressing until both were completely naked. 

Tom picked Jess up, laying her down on the spare student desk in the small cupboard. She grinned as he bent down, his face coming towards her throbbing mound. He stuck his tongue out, and slowly started to lick around her clit. Only when Jess was completely hysterical did Tom finally run his tongue over her clit. Jess let out a hushed moan as Tom began to suck on her clit. Jess could feel her orgasm building up inside her, but the waves of pleasure crashed over her before she could warn him. 

When Jess was finally coming down from her orgasm, she decided that she couldn't hold out any longer. She had to have her Art Teacher inside of her. 

"I need you inside me." Jess said firmly. "Now."

Tom, knowing that she wasn't joking, nodded. He took his very errect, 8" cock into his hand, sliding a condom on and slowly working his way into Jess. She moaned in pain and pleasure, yet Tom couldn't believe just how wet Jess was, just how wet he had made her. 

"Holy shit, you're so big." She whimpered, pulling him closer to her. 

Once Jess had adjusted to Tom, she slowly started to rock her hips back and forth, pushing Tom further and further inside of her. She could feel his cock pulsing, and she knew that he was close. The pair didn't care how much noise their moans were making, they were too lost in ecstasy. 

"Fuck, Jess, I'm going to come. " Tom breathed.

"Do it." She replied breathlessly. 

With one final thrust, Tom exploded inside Jess. They both moaned as Jess came at the same time as Tom, and they collapsed onto each other. 

"So, is this going to happen again, Mr Davies?" Jess asked innocently.

"Most Defnitely, Miss Harrow." Tom replied cheekily.