 I'd re-read my message dozens of times. Still I was shaking, and couldn't bring myself to hit SEND.

"Thanks for coming to my party! Sorry we didn't get to chat more...now that I'm graduated, does that mean we can finally hang out? :-)"

I needed to be flirty & suggestive, but not desperate or inappropriate. Basically, I needed to not sound like a high schooler. I was officially a graduate, and on my way to college...I could act mature around him. The problem was, I didn't know if he saw me that way.

Mr. M was my dream guy. I'd been in love with him ever since Sophomore English. He was young...only 10 years older than me. So, the thought of us together couldn't be totally unrealistic. After sophomore year, I visited him all the time in his classroom. I'd come eat lunch in there, and hang out after school. My senior year, I had an off period, so I became his teacher's assistant. I got to hang out during his conference period - help make copies, grade papers, etc. Basically, I could flirt with my crush every day.

He'd flirt back, sometimes. At least I thought he was flirting. He was friendly and funny, and sexy as hell. Of course my little school-girl fantasy involved him taking me in the closet in the back of his classroom. By the time I graduated high school, I'd been with 2 boys. But he was the ultimate conquest. Now, I was 18 and no longer a student at his school. I was as close as I'd ever be before moving to Wisconsin for college. The first step was to make myself hit SEND.

The wait is the worst part. I checked my email 20 times over the course of the day. Would he even respond? The answer came at 10:30 pm, that night. "Of course! Let's grab coffee sometime before you leave."

A week later, we had a date. I spent way too much time getting ready for it, but I knew I had to leave an impression on him, if I ever stood a chance. Summer in Michigan can still be cool, but it didn't matter. I wore a short denim skirt, a whit tank top, and a tight pink cardigan. Cute, flirty, but not slutty. 

We met for coffee, and it was nice. Conversation was always easy, and it was no different this time. We talked about college, what to expect, etc. I wanted to be a teacher too, so we talked about the job market, interviewing, everything. Even without the sexual tension between us, I always enjoyed spending time with him.

And we left the coffee shop. We walked to the parking lot, and I asked where he lived. He told me about his new apartment, and I asked when he'd invite me over (Why not, right?) If I was ever in doubt how he felt about me, my answer came that instant. 

"Do you want to come see it?"

This was happening!

I followed him to his place, and we went up to his apartment. He gave me the grand tour, and of course we ended up in his bedroom. We were looking around, being stupid and awkward. I made a joke, he made a joke, and then we started playfully hitting eachother. The way kids do when they don't know how to flirt. We hit each other, and we pushed each other, and the next thing you know, he grabbed my arm, and pulled me toward him. We stared at eachother as our bodies touched. My heart was pounding. I could tell his was, too.

And then we kissed. And it was everything I'd wanted since I was 15 years old.

Well...not EVERYTHING. I pushed my body against his, and he wrapped his arms around me. Then we opened our eyes, and looked at each other. I could tell he was trying to get a read on me. Was this what I wanted? Did I think he was a creep for doing this? I smiled. Now that I knew he wanted me, I knew I'd have to be the aggressor here.

I put my hand behind his head, and pulled him toward me. We kissed, and I slid my tongue into his mouth. He pulled me closer, and we were making out in his bedroom. Believe me when I say this was a fantasy I had, and I had fingered myself to climax, several times only imagining us kissing. This was enough for me, but I was already wet, and I could feel how hard he was...I had to have him. 

I stepped back, and reached down to undo his belt. I could tell he was nervous, and my goal was to make him feel as comfortable as possible. I unbuttoned his pants, and reached in to feel how hard he was. When I wrapped my fingers around him, he got even harder, and let out a gasp. I smiled at him, and pushed him against the bed. He fell onto it, and I climbed aboard.

I kneeled over him, and we kissed again, his hands running up my leg, and up my skirt. When he felt my ass, he gave it a little squeeze and I moaned into his mouth. He pushed his hips up to me, and I bit down on his lower lip. He moaned again, and I loved being in control. He opened his eyes, and looked at me. "Is this okay?" he asked. I smiled and nodded, then sat up and took off my sweater and tank top. 

He sat up with me, wrapped his arms around me, and started kissing my neck and shoulders. Reaching his arms around me, he undid my bra while I ran my fingers through his hair. 

He leaned me back, and started kissing my tits. Opening his mouth and licking my nipples. Yes, it was now all too clear to me that he wanted this just as much as I did. 

We fell back onto the bed, with me on top of him; kissing passionately, with 3 years of forbidden sexual tension finally manifesting. 

He ran his hands over my ass, and slid my thong down. I pushed my hips against him, wanting to feel his cock against me. I sat up and removed my skirt. Maintaining eye contact with him the whole time, I couldn't help but smile. This was, literally, my fantasy come true. 

Finally naked, I began to slide off his boxers, as he took off his shirt. If he only knew how many times I'd touched myself, imagining this scenario. 

I laid back down on him, and slid my tongue in his mouth. The warmth of his kiss, coupled with the firm touch of his hands as they ran up and down my back made me totally wet. I'd been dreaming about this moment for too long, and I needed him immediately. 

As we kissed, I reached down and guided his cock to my wet pussy. He moaned into my mouth, and I bit down on his lower lip again. He thrust his hips up, and the tip of his cock was rubbing against me. I was dripping wet at this point, so he definitely felt it on his dick. He loved it, and wanted more. 

I sat up, and looked him in the eyes, slowly positioning him at the entrance of my wet, swollen pussy. We stared at each other with a mix of excitement, lust, and disbelief. He pushed his hips up, and I sat down on his cock. 

We both moaned out. My whole body pulsed, and I climaxed instantly. I rocked forward and back, as I came for the first time ever with a cock inside of me. I couldn't stop shaking and laughing at how amazing it felt. I was only 18, and had only been with two guys at this point, but had never felt anything like this before. Truly, I had been waiting for this moment for a long time. 

I placed my hands on his chest, and started riding him deep and slowly. I wanted more, and I wanted to feel him cum. His hands ran up my legs, to my hips, which he grabbed, and guided me back and forth. Whatever hesitation he initially had about fucking his student was gone now. I was on top, but he was in control... and that's exactly how I wanted it.

We never broke eye contact - I had no reason to close my eyes... he was my fantasy. It was only when I needed to kiss him again, that I finally did. As I leaned down, and felt his tongue slide into my mouth, he reached back and grabbed my ass, pulling himself deeper inside of me. 

I moaned into his mouth, and he pushed his hips further toward me. With one hand behind my head, and one hand on my ass, he sat both of us up, and I wrapped my legs around him.

This was a new position for me, and I couldn't get enough. We both rocked our hips faster, and he slid his hand down, so both were around my waist. I stared into his eyes, once more, but he wanted to go deeper. He pushed further into me, and I leaned back with him holding me by my hips. My eyes were closed tight, and I moaned louder than I ever have before. 

Of course he loved it. He pushed harder and faster, and moaned out loud with me. My hips writhed in all directions. Truly this was my first time to get fucked by a real man, and he knew exactly what he was doing. 

With my arms wrapped around his neck, I laid back as far as possible - bouncing on his dick as it hit my clit over and over again. With my moans louder and higher pitched, I climaxed for a second time. 

Wow... so was this how sex was supposed to be?

I had never come with someone inside of me before, so I had no idea how it felt to him. But he made a loud gasp, that made me think he loved the way it felt. He raised his hand so it was centered on my back, and pulled me up toward him. With our eyes meeting again, I needed to feel his lips on mine again. I moved forward, and we kissed deeply and passionately - but this time we kept out eyes open and stared at each other the whole time. 

Without breaking eye contact, he fucked me deeper and harder. I was already more than satisfied, but there was one more thing I wanted from him...and he wanted it too.

He fell back, and I rode him hard. With my hands pressed down onto his chest, he ran his hands along my legs, and grabbed my ass. He squeezed my cheeks together, and started pushing his hips up, so he'd be even deeper and tighter than before. 

The sex was wilder than I ever had before, and it was hotter than my deepest fantasy. I had already come twice with him inside of me, but I couldn't get enough of him. 

His moans and groans stopped, and I could feel him clenching. We were still making eye contact, but his face was a little different. Finally, he said "Jenny...you're going to make me..."

Ah... he didn't know if he was allowed to come inside me. I smiled and leaned down to kiss his lips again. I moved my lips to his ear, and whispered "Come inside me."

With that, he rolled me over so I was on my back, and he could finally take me, the way he had wanted to for the past couple of years. I raised my arms above my head, and let him have his way with me. 

I wanted to keep looking at him, but he was fucking me harder and deeper than I'd ever fantasized, and it was all too much to bear. I shut my eyes tight, and let my body react to him. Tingles all over. We were both starting to sweat. 

He clasped his hands over mine, and shot his load into me. Only one guy had cum in me before and he never lasted this long... the anticipation and build up made it that much more intense. 

I loved the feeling of him filling my pussy, and he kept pumping until he was completely drained. 

I opened my eyes, and he was still looking at me with that lustful gaze. He laid his body against mine, and we kissed, even more passionately than before. There was no more sex to be had, but that didn't matter. This wasn't about that. This was the realization of a forbidden fantasy we both had for almost 3 years. 

We made out, and then he ran his lips and hands all over my body. Then we made out some more. Etc. Etc. Etc. It went on like this for about an hour.

Next thing I knew, my phone jolted us both back to reality, with my mom calling to ask when I'd be home. 

We didn't talk much. Just casually got dressed, and exchanged flirty gazes.

He walked me to his door, and we kissed one more time... neither one of us wanting to let go. 

"Be good at college." he told me. "Stay in touch."

I stayed in touch, alright...I fingered myself thinking about him, every night for the next month. But I was too nervous or embarrassed to contact him. No emails, no texts, nothing. I sat around waiting for him to get in touch with me, and he didn't either. Maybe this was meant to be another one-time thing. A perfect memory to cherish of the end of my youth. 

I would go off to college, and have new adventures. Be with new guys, but always thinking about him. 

Finally, nearly 10 months later, I knew I'd be coming home for Spring Break, and just had to see him again. 

I wrote him another email. Friendly and cordial, I asked how things were going with him. I told him a little bit about my college experiences. And then I asked if we could hang out while I was home.

I spent about an hour reading and editing the email. Once it was finally perfect, I hit SEND.