 This is a continuation of a previous story, "Hot for Teacher."



Abi was a wreck. After she had left Dr. Byrnes' office a week ago, she had felt ashamed beyond belief. The one day of class she had had after that day had been riddled with embarrassed glances and unbearable tension, and she had hurried out of class as soon as Dr. Byrnes dismissed them, despite his eye contact with her that she knew meant he wanted her to stay. She'd spent days sitting in her dorm, working over what she was to do. She knew that what they had done was wrong; it could get her expelled and Byrnes fired. She knew they shouldn't be involved. But every time she thought about how he held her and made love to her, her stomach fluttered and she felt her underwear get wet.

About a week after the day that Abi and Dr. Byrnes had been together, Abi was hurrying down a corridor, late for her English lecture. She was walking fast and barely looking where she was going, and suddenly, she walked straight into someone coming the other way, also not paying attention. She didn't even look up to see who it was as she quickly bent to pick up her fallen books, muttering an apology. She suddenly felt a hand on her arm, and looked. It was a familiar hand, muscled and lined with veins, leading up to an arm. A strong, hard arm, the arm that had held her close as she had...

"Hello, Abi."

Abi snapped out of her memory and looked up. Dr. Byrnes was kneeling in front of her, smiling. 

"Um... Hi, Dr. Byrnes." Abi looked down and fumbled with her books, her face reddening. 

"Abi, you seemed very... distracted in class the other day." Her professor helped her gather up her books and stood up, looking concerned. He put his hand on her arm.

"I... uh... I'm just a little... conflicted about what happened the other day." Abi looked around the corridor, and finding it deserted, said in a low voice, "Look, Dr. Byrnes, we need to talk about this. I don't think we should be... you know."

Dr. Byrnes' face fell for half a second, but he quickly composed himself. "When will you be out of classes today?" 

"Three o'clock."

He looked at her with kind eyes. "Come see me in my office at four."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Abi knocked on the familiar wooden door at 4:10. She would have been on time, but she had walked up to his door and back to the elevator six times before finally summoning the courage to knock. She wanted him so badly she could barely think when she was around him... but she couldn't. She couldn't be involved with her teacher. They could both get in terrible trouble. But every time she was around him, she couldn't think of anything but how he had touched her, held her...

Michael Byrnes was seated in his office, looking at papers. He couldn't concentrate. Abi had said that day that she wanted to do that again. But today she wanted to end it? He couldn't figure her out. She was so beautiful, so intelligent, so... perfect. He knew that she wasn't pushing him away because her heart told her to, she was pushing him away because her brain was making her. He wanted so badly to be with her again, to make love to her again...

When he heard the knock, he stood up and walked to the door. He opened it slowly. She was standing in the doorway, looking ashamed and turned on at the same time.

"Come in, Abi."

They walked inside, and Abi looked at the couch, shivering at the memory it held. Sensing her discomfort, Dr. Byrnes guided her to a wooden chair near his desk, and dragged his chair around the desk to sit nearer to her. 

"Abi... I want you to tell me why you don't want to be involved with me." Dr. Byrnes tried to keep a straight face, but inside he was distraught. His eyes gave him away; they were sad, even... longing.

Abi sighed and looked down, not wanting to see his hurt. "I do want to be involved with you. It's just... we can't. You're my teacher; it's wrong. What if someone found out?" 

Dr. Byrnes leaned forward and put his hand on her knee. "Abi, I understand that you'd be worried about that. But I know that I want this too much—and I know you want it too much—to let anyone find out." He looked at her. He could tell she wanted him. And he knew he wanted her. 

Abi's hand twitched under his. She loved those hands. They were the perfect reflection of the rest of him; strong, veined, hard—but kind. "I... I know. I just... I'm afraid of what could happen." She felt tears welling up in her eyes and blinked them back, remembering what had happened the last time she had cried in front of him. But one tear fell onto her cheek, drawing a slow line across her face.

Dr. Byrnes looked at her and had to comfort her, had to protect her. She looked so fragile. She looked like she needed help; needed guidance, needed... love.

"Abi," he said, standing up, urging her up too, "I'll protect you. I won't let anything happen." He wrapped his arms around her and she shrank into his chest, another tear following its sister's path down her cheek. She felt so small and delicate inside his thick arms, begging to be touched. 

Abi shuddered in his arms. She knew that she couldn't stop now, even if she wanted to. But she didn't. He had quelled her fears, and she felt safe close to him. 

"Dr. Byrnes—" she started. 

"Please... Michael. I think we're... intimate enough now that you can call me by my given name." 

Abi looked up at his face. She needed this: this protection, this safety. "Okay."

Michael put his hand under her cheek and rubbed away her tear with his calloused thumb, bending his head down. His left hand came up to mirror his right, and he kissed her closed eyes, her wet eyelashes fluttering against his lips. 

Her heart skipped a beat as he kissed her eyes. "Michael," she breathed. "How do you make me feel so...?" She couldn't find a word to use. But as he kissed her nose, then her lips, she realized. He made her feel... safe.

Michael looked down at her, his hands still cupping her face. "Why don't you come to my apartment?" It was more of a statement than a question. 

Abi nodded and wiped her face. She picked up her bag and followed him out of the office. They walked downstairs to his car and got in. He steered with his left hand and held hers with his right. He could barely keep his eyes on the road, he was so turned on. It took all he had not to pull over and take her right there. 

Abi was glad she wasn't driving. She knew that if she had been, she would have crashed long ago, because she was staring at Michael the entire time. She couldn't help it. He looked amazing sitting there. She could tell he was turned on; he kept shifting in his seat and biting his lip. She loved it.

When they arrived, he got out and helped her out, then led her upstairs. When they got to his door, he paused to unlock it. 

Abi couldn't believe this was happening. She was about to go into her professor's apartment. But she knew it was more than a bootie call. She felt something for him. He made her feel protected, even... loved. 

Michael put his key into the lock and turned. He couldn't wait to get her inside and touch her, hold her. He pushed the door open and put his hand on her back, ushering her in. He shut the door and looked at her hesitantly. "You're sure about this, Abi? I don't want you to feel like I'm pressuring you."

"No... I want to." She ran her fingers down his chest and stood on tiptoes to kiss him.

He nodded. "Why don't we go to the bedroom?" 

Abi followed him down the hall and into a sparsely furnished bedroom, with just a queen-sized bed, a wardrobe, a desk, and a large armchair. It was a man's room, for sure. But she didn't care what the room looked like. She cared about the man she was with, the man that then turned to her and grabbed her face, pressing his lips to hers. She reached up and held his cheek, her fingers feeling the stubble on his jaw. 

"Michael." She broke the kiss and looked up at him through her eyelashes. 

"Abi?"

"Um... I mean... Thank you for understanding. I was really scared. But I know now that you'd never betray us."

Michael didn't even answer, but just kissed her again.

Michael ran his fingers through her hair as his tongue explored her mouth and hers explored his. Their bodies melded together, touching from lips to toes. He kicked off his shoes and she slipped off her heels, their faces never breaking from each other. 

Abi moved her hands down his back, her nails scratching over his shoulders. She broke the kiss and slowly unbuttoned his shirt and slipped it off his shoulders. The chest she revealed seemed even more perfect than before. He was just the right shade of tan, a little bit of dark hair running from his chest down his tight abs. His hands dwarfed hers, and his body could cover her in an instant. He was such a... MAN. Abi sighed. Why couldn't they all be like this? 

She ran her fingers over the hair on his chest and pinched his nipples lightly. He breathed out hard, his head tipping back. He took off her shirt and undid the front clasp of her bra. He ran his fingers over her chest. It was perfect. They were just big enough to not be perfectly perky and untouched by gravity, but they were round and full, with dark nipples that hardened before his eyes. 

Michael ran his thumbs over her nipples and down her stomach, caressing the curve of her hips. He bent his head and kissed her neck. "I want you," he whispered, gently biting her earlobe. 

Abi let out a small moan at the words. She wanted him, too, so badly. But she could barely speak. Her heart was pounding so hard she worried that he would hear it.

He unbuttoned her jeans and she unzipped his slacks. They both kicked off their pants, leaving her in a lacy pair of boy shorts and him in a pair of tight boxer briefs that were very obviously strained. She cupped him through the fabric and squeezed lightly, flashing back to the pleasure his cock had given her a few days ago. She shuddered. 

Michael moaned and bucked up against her hand. She was some kind of sex goddess, he was sure of it. But he couldn't figure it out. She seemed to know exactly where to touch him, and how to do it... yet she seemed so innocent and so... fragile. 

He wrapped his arm around her back, then reached out and slipped his hand into her panties, finding her already soaked. She mirrored his movements, her hand on his cock, writhing against him as he found her clit. Their mouths remained glued together as they rubbed each other, both of them moaning into the other's mouth. 

Michael removed his hand from her wet clit and peeled his mouth off hers. She moaned in protest, but he took her hand and led her to his bed. He stopped just short of it and turned around. He looked at her with desire in his eyes and grabbed her around the waist. She squealed. "Hey! What are you—"

But he set her on the bed before she could finish. She gazed up at him through her eyelashes. His body was perfect—toned, manly, and strong. His cock strained at his boxer briefs, threatening to break free. 

Michael looked down at Abi. She was so beautiful. She was perfectly proportioned, her ample curves perfectly balanced. She looked amazing lying there, her long, curly brown hair splayed across the pillow, her blue eyes looking expectantly up at him. He could see the wetness on the fabric of her panties.

He lay below her, between her legs, and pressed his thumb into her clit through the fabric. She moaned. "Oh my g—" Her voice caught in her throat. "... Oh my god, Michael..." 

He looked up and saw the pleasure contorting her face. It turned him on immensely to know that he was making her feel good enough to voice her pleasure. "I'm glad you like that," he said with a smirk.

Michael reached higher and slipped his fingers over the top of the fabric, pulling it down and off of her. She spread her legs expectantly, and he traced a finger over her clit, teasing her. "Please, Michael... I need..." Her eyes pleaded with him. 

She didn't have to finish for him to know what it was she needed. Michael placed his arm around the small of Abi's back and lowered his mouth to her clit. He licked her, lightly at first. "Harder..." she breathed. 

He pressed his tongue onto her, moving it back and forth until she started to buck her hips. "Yes, Michael... Oh, my god..." 

After a few minutes, he could tell she was close. Her breathing was shallow and hard, and she couldn't seem to form coherent sentences anymore, only disjointed words punctuated by moans. He slipped three fingers inside her and she gasped. He bent them up and pressed her G-spot. 

"Oh! Yes... yes... please... more!" She was nearly screaming now, as his fingers moved in and out of her and his lips sucked hard on her clit. "Oh my god, don't stop, Michael, please, more, YES!"

He shoved his fingers up to hit her G-spot once more, pressed his lips as hard as he could into her, and held tight around her waist. 

"Fuck, yes!" she screamed. "OH! Oh my GOD, MICHAEL!" Her body shook uncontrollably and her face contorted as waves of pleasure rolled over her. Michael tried to hold her steady as she came down from her climax. When she had stopped shaking and was no longer moaning, he pressed around her clit the tip of his finger, careful not to over-stimulate her. 

She collapsed on the bed, breathing hard. He lay down beside her and held the back of her head as he kissed her.

"You are... a god among men," she said, smiling. He laughed. 

"I know," he said with a smirk.

"Alright, now it's my turn, or I won't ever get up," Abi said with a smile. She kissed him passionately, running her fingers through his hair and over his shoulders. She made her way down and cupped his cock, still straining to get out of its confines. 

"Well, well, well, what have we here?" she asked, smirking. "Looks like someone likes receiving AND giving."

Michael moaned at her touch. "I just...oh... I love to make you feel good."

"Well now I get to make YOU feel good." She grabbed his hand and tugged at it to get him off the bed. He stood up and she sunk down to her knees. She took hold of the waistband of his briefs with her teeth and pulled them down, his cock springing out, fully hard. 

Abi licked him from base to tip slowly, and he breathed out hard, trying to keep his composure. "Abi... You're amazing." 

She moved her lips slowly up and down his cock, teasing his tip with her tongue. "Michael," She said, popping him from her mouth, "I'm glad we decided to do this."

He ran his fingers through her brown hair and bent down to kiss her. "Me too, Abi." He began to pull her up to a standing position, but she protested.

"Hey! I'm not done yet!" She winked. "Not even close."

She knelt down again and took one of Michael's balls into her mouth, rolling it over her tongue, while she stroked his cock up and down. He moaned and bucked into her hand. She brought her mouth to his head and sucked on it, then grabbed his ass and pushed him deep into her mouth. 

Michael felt his cock hit the back of her throat and groaned loudly. Abi pulled him out of her mouth after a minute and looked into his eyes.

"I want you to come for me." 

Michael almost came right there. As she took him into her mouth again he thought he would explode. A beautiful woman was deep-throating his cock... and she wanted him to come in her mouth. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. She continued to push him into her mouth as she dug her nails into his ass. 

He could feel himself getting close, but hesitated. "Abi..." he said breathlessly. "Are you sure? I know most girls have a problem with that..." 

Abi looked up at him. "Absolutely." 

She grabbed his ass and shoved him into her mouth. He barely fit, but she took him all, and the tightness of her throat squeezed his cock. Michael moaned her name and felt his balls tighten. Abi felt it too and wrapped her arms around him, shoving his cock as deep as it would go. 

He groaned loudly. "Uuughh... Oh my god... Fuck... Yes, yes, yes... FUCK! I'm coming!"

He felt himself shoot down her throat, over and over. He could see her straining to swallow it all. Finally, the waves of his orgasm subsided and he moaned once more as she slowly pulled him from her mouth. 

"Oh my god, Abi. Oh my god." 

She looked up and giggled. "I've always wanted to do that. It's so hot to think that I can make you come just from sucking you off."

"No complaints here," Michael said as he collapsed on the bed. "Thank you."

"No problem," she smiled. 

She climbed into bed and lay on top of him. "I'm not done with you yet," Abi said. She pressed her lips to his and ran her hands over his sides. She kissed down his neck and licked his collarbone. Her tongue was smoldering on his skin and he breathed out hard.

After a few minutes of rocking together, Michael ran his hands over Abi's back and reached down to grab her ass. Her clit rubbed against his cock and she moaned. Reaching down to rub his cock, she found it already hard. "Michael," Abi said, looking into his eyes, "I need this inside me."

Michael growled and flipped her over in an instant. She spread her legs and he kneeled between her legs. He wrapped his hand around his cock and rubbed the head on her clit. She writhed beneath him.

"Please, Michael. I need it." She looked at him. He could see the pleading in her eyes. "Please."

Michael placed the head of his cock at her entrance and pushed in quickly. He moaned and closed his eyes, throwing his head back. Abi gasped and rubbed into him. Michael pulled all the way out and entered her again, eliciting a louder moan from her. He began to slowly move in and out, pulling her hips into him. Abi ran her hands over his hips, reaching to grab his ass. She spread her legs and pushed him as far as he could go inside her. 

Michael moaned. She was so tight. Every once in a while she would clench her muscles around him, making his cock pulse. He looked down at her face. It was contorted in pleasure, making it even hotter than usual. That he dwarfed her small body reminded him of how much he loved to hold her, to protect her. 

Abi looked at Michael. She noticed that every time he pushed as deep as he could, he would push his bottom lip out and shut his eyes tightly. She loved that face. When he moaned, it was a deep growl from his stomach. It turned her on so much to hear him; it proved that she was making him feel so good that he couldn't control himself. 

Abi took one hand off his ass and grabbed his hand. She brought it to her clit and pushed his fingers into it, showing him exactly how she wanted to be touched. When she removed her hand from his, he rubbed her in the circles she had demonstrated, while thrusting faster. She moaned from all the pleasure, raking her fingernails down his rippled back. 

Michael began to thrust harder and faster as he felt himself getting closer. Abi moaned at the friction on her clit and how full she felt.

"Hold me... Michael..." she gasped.

He rocked back and raised her up with him so that they were both sitting up with her on top of him, his arms wrapped around her back. 

He thrust up into her and moaned as she leaned against him and sucked the sensitive skin on his neck. The friction on Abi's clit was too great. She wrapped her arms under his and her nails dug into his skin as the waves of her orgasm hit her. 

"Oh... OH! Yes, Michael, yes! Don't stop! UHHHH!" She screamed into his neck and shook uncontrollably in his arms.

Her clenching and her screams set him off. He squeezed his arms around her as he felt his balls tighten. He came inside her, shooting over and over into her. He moaned uncontrollably. 

"Fuck, Abi! Oh my GOD! Uhhhh!" 

Suddenly he shoved his lips to hers, moaning into her mouth, and they kissed as they both rode the waves of their orgasms. 

After they settled, he stayed inside her, slowly rocking, still kissing. She laid her head on his shoulder, breathing hard. 
