 Rebecca surveyed herself in the mirror of the girl's bathroom on the second floor, licking her lips in anticipation. Five minutes till the end of lunch. Five minutes until her History lesson. Five minutes until she got to see Mr Tate again. 

It was two days since their last tryst in the storage room. Whenever she had seen him in school since then it was always in the middle of a crowded corridor, and they'd had no chance to speak. One time they had passed by each other. All that had happened was that she looked up at him feverishly, walking as close by to him as possible. She had been scared that he would completely ignore her like last time, but instead he met her gaze for a split second, and gave her the smallest smile. Though it lasted no time at all, her breath was taken away, and she walked to Geography with her head scrambled and butterflies in her stomach. 

But now she was about to spend an entire hour in his company, in the same room where they had fucked not once, but twice. She closed her eyes a second, remembering his mouth on hers, his fingers on her skin, his body between her legs. As a gaggle of Year 7 girls walked in she was brought from her reverie, and she gathered her stuff up in time for the bell to ring. She headed down to the History corridor, with her insides clenched, and her knickers damp. 

***

Jon walked through the room, laying out textbooks in every other space of the desk, until he came to stop at the back table. He lay down a final textbook and then ran his hand along it, remembering Rebecca's beautiful pale body splayed across it, contorted with pleasure. He shook his head to stop the images, and readjusted his trousers to tuck his erection into his waistband. He hadn't slept much in the past few days, both because he had been tortured, beating himself up for making the same mistake yet again, and because he was being driven crazy by the memories of Rebecca. She was like a drug to him, anything that happened between them didn't satiate his desire for her, but just seemed to make him want her more. When he had passed her in the corridor the other day he was captivated by her, and as much as he wanted to stay away from her, when he looked down at her bright eyes, her full lips parted with desire, he knew he wouldn't be able to. He decided that instead of running away from the situation, he needed to control it. The bell rang and he steeled himself, trying to get ready for the next hour. Having Rebecca in this room wasn't going to be easy. But he had a plan. He walked to the front of the room to write out a note, before class came in. 

***

Rebecca joined the front of the queue behind her friends. She took a deep steadying breath as the class began to file in to the room, and smoothed her shirt over her stomach, regretting it immediately. Even her own touch was exciting her hypersensitive skin. She clenched her thighs together as she walked into the classroom, catching sight of Mr Tate. 

He stood, tall and broad, at the front of the classroom. He was calling out instructions in his deep voice, holding a register in his hand and checking off pupils as they entered. He looked up to check Rebecca off, and she blushed and squirmed slightly. He licked his lip a fraction, before looking down and checking her off. But that wasn't before Rebecca saw the look in his eyes. He was thinking the same things as her, she was sure of it. She passed by closer to him than necessary, before taking her seat in the middle of the room. 

*** 

Jon could feel the heat radiating off of her as she passed by him, and could smell her on the air. He felt his dick getting harder. It felt like it took all his energy not to grab her then and there, and he struggled for a good 10 seconds before remembering what the pupil behind her was called. He just prayed his trousers would last the rest of the lesson. 

***

With great difficulty, Jon began to teach, and Rebecca tried to listen. He avoided looking at her the entire time he was at the front of the class, but she understood why. Staring at him, she was learning absolutely nothing about the Romonov family. All she could do was watch the bunching of his arms beneath his shirt as he wrote on the board, the planes of his chest move as he gesticulated to the classroom, his long fingers pointing across the timeline on the wall. 

Jon was aware of her presence the entire time, and his focus strayed now and then when he could feel her eyes on him. He tried to conceal his crotch at much as possible, ever aware of his growing arousal at simply being in the same room as her. 

Thirty minutes in, he set an individual task for all the pupils to do, and watched as Rebecca, like the others, bent her head obediently over the desk to focus. He walked to his desk, taking a note from it and slipping it into the pages of a textbook, and then carried it with him as he wandered round the classroom checking pupils work. 

***

Rebecca saw in her periphery vision Jon walking round the classroom, and she felt his eyes on her. Her whole body was alight, her nipples growing hard and rubbing against her bra. She crossed and uncrossed her legs, and just as she scraped her hair to one side of her neck, she heard John's voice behind her. 

"I think that's my textbook I've given you there Rebecca, can we swap?"

Her head snapped up to look at him. His voice was perfectly conversational, if anything overly formal, but now that she was looking into his eyes she saw a significance in what he was saying. She said nothing, merely picking up the textbook with shaky hands and passing it to him. As he took it from her, his fingertips brushed the back of her hand, and her whole body tingled deliciously. He smiled and walked away to the front of the room again. 

Exhaling shakily, she opened her new book up to the pages they had been working from, and found a small folded note inside. She looked up to see Mr Tate watching her. Glancing round, none of her classmates were looking in her direction whatsoever, all intent on their work. She pulled the note out and lay it on her lap, checking around her once again before opening it up. In his neat, slanted writing, it read. 

"Meet me in room 5e of the music block at 4pm tonight. Tear this note up and put it in the bin if you've understood and can make it."

She looked up at where he was now sat at his desk, watching her solemnly. Looking into his eyes, she slowly tore the note up, and the corner of his mouth drew up to a slight smile. She stood up as gracefully as her shaking legs would allow her, and walked to the bin at the side of the classroom, aware of his eyes on her as he did. Most of the note landed in the bin, but a few fragments landed on the floor next to it, and she smiled to herself at this opportunity. Without bending her legs, she folded her body down so that her hands could snatch the note. She felt her pleated black school skirt slide further up her legs as she did so, skimming the very tops of her bare white thighs. She resisted the urge to shimmy while she was down there, instead bringing herself upright and dropping the rest of the paper into the bin, she turned and walked back to her seat, looking up at Jon. His eyes had darkened and his jaw was clenched, and she smiled mischievously at him as she felt her knickers get wetter and wetter. 

The lesson continued, and Jon did not stand up for the entire rest of the twenty minutes. As the class filed out he nodded at each of them, dismissing them by name. As Rebecca walked past him he offered her a quiet, "I'll see you soon Rebecca". She bit her lip and smiled at him as she left the classroom. Only one hour until she needed to be in the music room. She went to form time with damp knickers and an aching pussy. But she guessed that the latter would soon be dealt with. 

*** 

At 3.50pm, Jon was locking his classroom and walking from the building towards the music block. A small ivy covered shack by the sports grounds, the building contained 6 small music rooms, which weren't used past the end of period five, at 2.45pm. Jon had keys to all the buildings in school, but this one struck him as the most ideal private spot. The entrance faced on to the astroturf, which wasn't used on Thursdays. The AstroTurf was next to a pathway which led to the least used entrance to school, meaning either one of them could leave without being seen from outside the building. And, each room was sound proofed, with windowless doors. 

Jon had a plan. He would be able to say what he needed to Rebecca now, undetected. He had no intention of fucking her again today. But the hour spent in her presence, her little floorshow, the smell of her when he closed his eyes, had left him still hard, and frustrated. The idea of being alone with her in this building... he knew it was going to be hard to resist her. His abdominal muscles clenched as he drew closer to the entrance. He just had to hold himself together. He pushed the key in the lock and stepped into the building, making his way to room 5e. 

*** 

Rebecca crossed from the science block across to the music building. She has spent the past hour in the toilets, resisting masturbating, instead thinking of all the things Mr Tate was about to do her. Her knickers were now uncomfortably damp as she walked up the three steps to push open the door of the music building. The corridor was dimly lit by the small windows, the only source of light in the building without switching on the artificial overhead lamps. She came to a stop at the end of the corridor, took a deep breath, and pushed open the door. 

*** 

Jon was leant against the table at the side of the room, and looked over as the door opened softly. Rebecca looked straight at him as she stepped into the room and closed the door, leaning against it, her hands behind her back. He couldn't help but appreciate the way this pose pushed her breasts forward alluringly. She licked her lips nervously. 

"Hi", she said quietly, almost whispering. 

Jon answered, his voice croaky "hi"

Rebecca smiled, walking towards him her arms moving up to touch him, but Jon stood up, holding out one hand. 

"No, Rebecca. I asked you here to talk."

Rebecca furrowed her brow, dropping her hands to her sides. She was still a good 3ft away from him. A manageable amount. He was still stood right in front of the table to the side of the room. In front of him was a chair and a music stand, and at the back of the room, opposite the door, was a school piano. 

Jon gestured in front of him to the chair. Rebecca did not move. 

"You brought me here to talk? Don't tell me you're going to try and tell me you want to end things again, please!"

Jon's head tipped to the side slightly as he said "That's not exactly what I'm saying, no". 

Rebecca's made a disbelieving noise in her throat as she crossed her arms and raised her eyebrows at him. 

"Then what exactly are you saying?"

Jon's jaw clenched angrily. God he wanted to fuck that indignant expression off her beautiful face. But he needed to control himself. He swallowed and gestured again to the chair. Again, Rebecca did not move. That 3ft distance was starting to feel too small, as he felt his body getting worked up by his anger and his desire. He took a deep breath, and continued. 

"Look, I'm not saying I want things to stop altogether. I think it's been obvious how I feel, and much as I tried to I couldn't stay away from you last time. But this is insane. I have to think of my job, and if your future Rebecca!" Jon ran his hand through his hair, glancing at her before continuing. 

"I'm not saying I don't want to continue with whatever this is, but let's be reasonable about this. You finish here in 8 months, and then you leave school, you're off to University, and there will be nothing stopping us from doing this. We can't carry on like this, in school, where anyone can find us, we just can't. I'm not saying we stop forever, I'm just saying we... we wait." Jon finished weakly, looking over at her. 

Rebecca had stood quietly whilst he said all this, getting more and more annoyed.

"And you think you could wait like that do you?"

Rebecca stepped a little closer to Jon, and didn't miss the way he straightened up, pressing himself harder against the table. She smiled, and started toying with the top button of her school shirt. 

"The other day I had to rush away to go to a family meal. I got there and I realised I had no knickers on. I left them in that storage room. Just like I left the first pair in your pocket. I thought of you with two pairs of my wet knickers, and I sat there through the whole boring meal with my grandparents, ignoring everyone around me. I got wetter and wetter, and left a damp patch on the chair."

She watched Jon the whole time she told him this, playing with her top button. She saw the chagrin on his face, and then the darkening of his eyes. She looked down as his trousers seemed to tighten even more over his bulge. His mouth was ajar, and he was practically drooling. With delicate fingers, she unhooked the first button, moving her hand down to the next. 

"That night I lay in bed and thought of your rock hard dick in my pussy. I felt the sore patches on my neck from where you bit me. I made myself come over and over again, but none of it felt the same as with you". Rebecca undid the second button, and moved slightly closer to Jon. He could now see her silvery lace bra poking through the top of her shirt. 

"I was wet throughout the entire lesson today. All I wanted was to walk up to the front of class and touch you, kiss you, let you bend me over the desk and fuck me hard"

Jon was transfixed, he couldn't take his eyes off of her. The next two buttons came undone, and she moved even closer. Her flat white stomach was almost entirely exposed, and her breasts were heaving. 

"I know that that was what you wanted too. I could see it in your eyes." She moved even closer, a hairs breadth away, and he was looking down at her as she fingered the final button on her shirt. Hne could feel her warmth on his body. His dick was throbbing. 

"So my question to you, Mr Tate", she paused, looking up at him as she undid the final button of her shirt and slipped it over her shoulders and onto the floor, "is do you really think you can cope with this for the next 8 months?" She placed her hands on his hips, steadying herself as she stood on tiptoe to face him. His dick twitched at the feeling of her nails digging into him. 

"Because I know I can't" she said, leaning forwards to kiss him on the mouth. 

Jon's dick throbbed harder as he began kissing Rebecca back, and he felt his self control ebb away for a second, before his frustration tipped over and his blood boiled. 

He growled angrily and grabbed her hips to break the kiss and spin her round. He pulled her close to him, one hand splayed across her lower stomach to push her arse into his crotch, the other mauling her tits over her bra. She gasped as he ground into her, and she could feel his thick hard dick against her arse. Her hands were trapped in between their bodies, she had no control over the movement of her body. Her head rolled back against Jon's shoulder as he pushed down on her abdomen, his fingers edging closer to her aching wet pussy. 

"You think it's fun to tease me don't you?" Jon growled in her ear. "You show that tight little body of yours off to me all day, like to hack away at my willpower. Well now it's my turn."

He ground his dick even harder into her as he leant his head down and sucked on her neck, just below her ear. Rebecca shuddered, and Jon inhaled sharply at the feeling of her quivering body against his dick. His hand slipped into the top of her bra, and he grabbed one of her nipples, pulling and squeezing it lightly as he moved his mouth down and sucked hard at the base of her neck. His other hand moved down to cup the mound of her pussy, drawing her hips up and further back to him. Even through her knickers and school skirt he could feel how wet she was. 

"I am going to drive you crazy" he whispered in her ear. Rebecca clenched her thighs together and groaned in response. 

Jon ground his crotch into her arse one more time before stepping back, holding her at arms length for a second to steady her. 

"Now walk over there and put your hands on the chair you refuse to fucking sit on."

Rebecca stepped over to the chair in a daze before bending over and placing her hands on the seat. Her breath was shallow and her breasts ached to be held. 

Jon stood back and looked at her bent over the chair, shirtless, her milky breasts barely contained by her bra. Her long, smooth, white legs were stretched out, and her skirt had ridden up to reveal the bottom of her soaking knickers. 

He stood behind her and ran his hand down her back, catching the waistband of her skirt and pulling it down over her legs so that he was knelt behind her. At this level he could smell how wet her pussy was, and he stifled a groan as his dick throbbed. He ran his hands up the backs of her thighs and she shivered as his fingertips found the bottoms of her underwear. He ran his hands along the edges for a bit, circling down her legs and back up again, and Rebecca was sure he was about to pull her knickers down, but suddenly, his hands weren't on her anymore. For a second nothing was touching her, and then she felt Jon's mouth on the backs of her knees. 

Jon trailed wet kisses up one leg and across her arse cheeks, then down the other leg again. Then he moved to the inside of her thighs and kissed up, up, up towards her pussy. She was sure he was going to touch her pussy, but then his lips were gone from that leg, and she felt them at the bottom of the inside of her other thigh. Slowly he kissed up again, stopping just before her pussy, and then he took his lips away from her body all together. She felt the heat of his face on her pussy, and knew he was staring right at her. She squirmed embarrassedly, and made to close her legs, but Jon pre-emptied this, placing his hands on her thighs and holding them open. Over her knickers, he kissed the lips of her pussy, not touching her clit at all. Rebecca whimpered. She was dripping wet, she could feel it soaking through her knickers, but Jon was offering her no stimulation to make her come. She was just getting hotter and hotter. 

Jon smiled as he licked Rebecca's juices spilling down the inside of her thighs. She was so close, he could tell. And he wasn't far either. But he wasn't ready to let her come just yet. He reached up and pulled her knickers down, finally able to stare up at her soaking wet pussy. He stood up and pulled his cock out. 

Rebecca groaned as she heard Jon's belt come undone. Maybe now he was finally going to fuck her. 

Jon placed his cock at the entrance of her pussy, pressing ever so slightly, but he didn't thrust into her. Rebecca gasped as the feeling sent waves of pleasure over her body, and she tried to grind onto him, push him further deep into her, but then yelped as Jon slapped her arse cheek, hard. 

"I am not going to fuck you yet, Rebecca'", Jon said through gritted teeth. "I told you I was going to drive you crazy, and I am". Then he reached his hand round and stroked a small circle, slowly around her clit. 

"Fffuuck", Rebecca groaned slowly, pushing her hips back towards him, but then his hand was gone from her pussy again, and he slapped her once more, hard. She whimpered again, her legs shaking. She wasn't sure how much more of this she could take. She longed to come. 

"Turn around" Jon growled. 

Rebecca stood up and turned towards Jon, and he looked down at her, her eyes hooded, cheeks flushed. He leant down and kissed her hard on the mouth, moving his hands to her bra strap and clipping it open. She let her bra drop to the floor, and Jon squeezed her tits roughly, fingering her nipples as his tongue invaded her mouth. Rebecca groaned into his mouth, putting one arm around his neck and pulling herself closer to him. With the other hand she reached down and grabbed his cock starting to slowly pump. Jon felt his balls tighten and pushed her roughly away to stop himself coming in her hand. He knew where he wanted to come. He pushed her back slightly. 
