 This is a continuation of a series. Please read Hot For Teacher chapters one and two first, or this will be very confusing for you. By the way, it doesn't get right into the "hot" stuff, so bear with me. But if you've stuck around this far, I'm sure you won't mind! 

*

Abi opened her eyes. She started. Where was she? This wasn't her bed. There was a man there. One of his hands was draped over her, cupping her breast. Her naked breast. She flipped around and looked at him. His eyes were closed, still dreaming. It was her professor. The previous day's events came flooding back. She had slept with her professor. For the second time. And he had told her he loved her. And she had said it back.

Abi thought her head was going to explode. She had opened up to someone. She had told someone... that. She had let herself get so close to someone that she fell in love with them, something she swore she would never do again. 

Her mind began to dwell on the events of years past, but then Michael's eyes fluttered open.

He saw her and smiled. Michael, unlike Abi, remembered exactly what had happened the previous night as soon as he awoke. He felt himself hardening, even more from the memory than the fact that it was morning. But Michael felt so much more than lust for Abi. He loved her. And right now, she looked almost sad. He had to fix it, whatever it was. 

Michael scooted closer to Abi on the bed and wrapped her in his arms. "Good Morning," he whispered into her neck, kissing her ear. 

"....Morning." Abi looked at him, trying to hide her discomfort. 

"Last night was amazing, Abi," he said, pressing his lips to her forehead. She twitched and looked away. Michael felt a pained look wash over his own face, matching hers. There must really have been something wrong for her to flinch when he touched her.

"What is it?" he asked, looking at her with those penetrating eyes of his. Abi knew she wasn't going to be able to lie to him. Not only would he be able to tell... but she'd feel horrible. 

"Um... it's just... what you said... what we said last night." She looked away uncomfortably and clutched at the locket around her neck. She always did that when she was nervous; Michael knew that from teaching her. He had noticed that she did it whenever someone made her uncomfortable or angry. He felt terrible for doing this to her, but he had to know what was going on.

"That I love you? I do," he said confidently. It was true. He didn't know how. He barely knew her. But he knew he loved her.

"Yeah. It's just... well... you... you don't want to know." Abi was so afraid he would push her away if he knew. He wouldn't... he couldn't love someone who dumped so much baggage on him the morning after. 

"Yes. I do. Whatever it is, Abi." Michael looked into her wet blue eyes. "I want to make it better."

Abi had started tearing up. Jesus Christ, how did he do this to her? She threw head into his shoulder and her tears dripped down his back as he crushed her tightly against him. 

"What is it, Abi?" He was desperate. He had to make her feel better. He had to.

"The last time I... told someone... I loved them," she said between hiccups, "was when I was sixteen."

Michael was confused. "And...?"

"And he told me he loved me too. But... But..." She broke down again, sobbing into his shoulder.

Michael clutched her tighter. "It's okay... Shh... But what?"

She pulled away and looked him right in the eye, tears streaming down her face. "He abused me. He beat me, Michael. He beat me," she sobbed. 

"Oh, God," Michael said. He grabbed her and pressed her shaking chest into his, stroking her hair. "Shh... God, I'm so sorry, Abi." His head was a jumble. He wanted to kill whatever asshole had done that to her. Now he knew why she had been so reluctant to have a relationship, and why he had always felt like she needed protecting.

He stayed there, rocking her for a few minutes, but then she pulled away and wiped her eyes with the back of her hand. "I'm sorry... I shouldn't have dumped that on you."

"It's okay, Abi. I care about you. I'm sorry I said that last night... I didn't know it would bring back such bad things for you." He cupped her face in his palm. 

"But I want you to know that I would never do that to you. Ever." His face was stern. "If I knew that bastard I would kill him in a second."

Abi looked up at him. Damn, that face was sexy. He looked so... angry and protective. She giggled. 

"What?" Michael was so damn confused. Now she was laughing?

Abi couldn't help but laugh. She was certainly upset about what had happened... but she felt safe with Michael, and his angry, protective side was hot.

"That face... it's just suits you very well," Abi giggled. "It's sexy."

"Um... thanks?" Michael said, brow furrowed. 

"Thank you for not freaking out," Abi said, getting serious suddenly. "I know you wouldn't do that. It just brought back bad memories. And I still... think I love you. You make me feel safe."

Michael wrapped his arms around her back and pressed her breasts to his chest. He kissed her neck. "I love you, too."

"Michael..." Abi said, slowly pulling away.

"Hmm?"

"We're really sticky." She looked up at him, amused. They had fallen asleep, naked, without getting cleaned up, and that was readily evident.

He laughed deeply. "I guess we are."

"Why don't we get a shower?" Abi asked. 

Michael rolled over and put a pillow over his face. "But I'm tired," he whined playfully. 

Abi sighed. She was going to have to resort to sneaky tactics to get clean. She decided that being forceful was the most fun way (for her, anyway) to do it. She straddled him and ran her nails lightly over his chest. She bent down and put her lips close to his ear as she held him down. "That wasn't a request."

Michael was hard instantly. He threw the pillow off his face and growled. "Damn, you're hot."

She jumped off the bed and walked into the bathroom, saying nothing else. Looking over her shoulder at him demurely, she walked in. 

Michael practically leaped off the bed, his cock painfully hard. He walked towards the bathroom and found her leaning over the tub, turning the water on. Her ass was high in the air and he could see clearly the wetness between her legs. Damn, that was hot. He moaned quietly and walked up behind her. He rubbed her clit from behind with his thumb. 

"Oh!" Abi gasped and whipped around. She looked down at his hard cock and laughed again. "Well, well, well, what do we have here?" She grabbed his cock.

"Oh... Abi," Michael moaned quietly.

"Ick, you are sticky," She said, pulling her hand away. "Let's get in."

She jumped into the shower, pulling Michael with her. She stood under the hot water and looked around for soap. She picked up a bottle. "Irish Spring? And your name is Byrnes. That's lame." She smirked.

"What? I like the way it smells!" he said defensively and grabbed it from her. "Me first." 

"Fine, greedy," she said, laughing. 

Michael opened the bottle and poured some gel out into his hand. He rubbed his hands together and grabbed her hips, switching places with her so she was out of the way of the water. He rubbed his hands slowly over her body, starting with her shoulders and arms, then moving to her breasts. He cupped them in his hands and rubbed the nipples with his thumbs. She moaned and arched her back as they grew harder. But he quickly moved on, despite her whimpers of protest. He ran his hands over her stomach and back, relishing the chance to enjoy her feminine form without interference. 

Her body wasn't perfect by model standards, but he loved every inch of it. Her breasts were just big enough to sag a tiny bit, and her hips flared out from her stomach seductively. He loved her stomach. It wasn't totally flat, but it was soft and fit her perfectly. In his opinion, she was more beautiful than anything in the world.

Michael tore himself away from her torso and trailed his finger down between her legs. He kneeled down and she squirmed, silently begging him to touch her. He obliged, slipping two fingers between her lips and rubbing her clit for a moment. She moaned quietly and her legs slid apart, giving him easier access. He rubbed his hand over her whole mound and around her ass, careful not to get soap inside her. Then, after quickly running his hands down her legs, he stood up and grabbed the detachable shower head. He had a feeling she would like this. 

She looked up at him questioningly, but he said nothing as he showered her with water, washing the bubbles off her body. Then he pulled the showerhead away, switching the setting to a smaller, more pressurized stream.

She looked at him questioningly. "What are you....?"

But before she could finish, he cupped one of her breasts and brought the stream to her nipple. She gasped.

"Oh my god!" She threw her head back and thrust her chest out as he smiled. He pulled the stream away from one nipple and did the same to the other as she moaned. He moved the water all over her chest as her nipples hardened visibly.

When he thought her breasts were sufficiently clean, he moved the stream down her body and brought it down towards her thighs. She looked down at his kneeling figure and her eyes got huge. 

Michael laughed internally. She knew what he was about to do, and he loved it. He slipped a hand between her legs to push them apart and felt her wetness seeping out. 

Michael looked up at her and winked, then brought the stream against her clit. She cried out.

"Oh! Oh my GOD, Michael!"

He looked up at her face, contorted in ecstasy, and smiled. He felt like a sex god for coming up with this. 

Michael kept the stream steady on Abi's clit and slipped two fingers inside her, thrusting them in and out slowly. She thrust herself down on his hand, silently pleading for more. He added a third finger, pressing it and the others against her g-spot and thrusting faster. 

Abi began to moan louder, and Michael could see her knees trembling. Shit. He had to hold her up or she was going to fall. He decided that the water on her clit was the most important thing and pulled his fingers out of her, wrapping that arm around her waist to hold her up.

Abi moaned loudly. She didn't know how he had come up with this, but she was damn glad he had. She began to writhe over the stream of water, her fingernails digging into his scalp.

"Fuck, Michael... Oh my god... Fuck!" Abi's eyes squeezed shut and she stood slack-jawed, her lips moving with the hard breaths she took.

Michael kept the stream steady on her clit as she began to climax.

"FUCK! MICHAEL... OH!" Abi screamed out as her climax rolled over her. She had a second of momentary panic as her knees gave out, but Michael caught her waist. He looked up at her face as she orgasmed, and his cock hardened painfully. It was contorted, almost as if she was in pain... but it had this inexplicable sexual quality that made it incredibly hot. 

Abi calmed down after a minute of uncontrollable shaking and pushed the stream away from her sensitive clit. She looked down at Michael. He was smiling deviously up at her, obviously proud of his choice of sexual aides. 

Michael looked up at Abi. God, she was beautiful. He cheeks were pink from orgasm, and her chest heaved with every breath. Suddenly she spoke. "Don't look so... proud of yourself," she smirked between breaths.

Michael realized he had been grinning like an idiot, obviously looking just as proud as he was feeling. He stood up and pressed his chest to hers, his lips an inch from her ear. He picked up the bottle and pushed it into her fingers. "Your turn," he whispered. 

Abi groaned. He was already getting her horny again. She didn't know how he did it, but she didn't care. She grabbed the bottle and switched places with him again so he was out of the spray of the water. 

Abi was about to pour the gel onto her hands when she had a devious idea. He had driven her crazy; now she was going to do the same to him. She looked up at him through her wet eyelashes and winked.

Michael was waiting somewhat impatiently for Abi to start. He was painfully hard and needed relief. She was holding the bottle over her hand when she looked up and smirked. His cock throbbed at her wink, and he looked at her warily. Suddenly, she held the bottle up to her chest and poured the gel on her breasts.

She looked up at him. "No touching with hands. Mine or yours." 

Michael thought his eyes would pop out of his head as Abi began rubbing the gel over her breasts, working up a lather. She stepped up to him and began to run her soft chest all over his hard one, washing him clean as he squirmed, wanting to touch her. 

Abi was dying for him to hold her with those strong hands, but she knew that he wanted to, too, and she was determined to torture him. 

Michael moaned. "Shit, Abi... You're killing me!" 

Abi looked up and smirked, her breasts pressed against his hard stomach. "That was the point." 

She moved down, ending on her knees in front of him. Suddenly, pushing her breasts together, she wrapped them around his cock and began to stroke him up and down. 

"Jesus, Abi, how do you come...oh... up with these things?" Michael moaned. She was some kind of goddess. He looked down and watched her face. She was smirking down at his cock, obviously enjoying herself as much as he was.

Abi moved her chest up and down, squeezing Michael's cock tightly between her breasts. She looked up at him. He had thrown his head back and was running a hand through his hair, the other gripping at the shower door handle tightly. He was making that face that she loved again. His eyes were squeezed shut, his lower lip pushed out, and his brow furrowed. Abi loved to see how crazy she made him. 

Abi wanted badly for Michael to come. She couldn't wait to see his face contort like it always did, for his hips to buck forward as he moaned and came. 

Suddenly, she stopped rubbing her breasts on him, causing Michael to open his eyes in confusion and stop mid-groan. "Hey!"

Abi ignored his protests and grabbed the showerhead, washing the soap off of him. When she got to his cock, she focused the stream on the very tip and he twitched, the water hitting his head and bouncing off.

"Oh my GOD... Fuck..." Michael moaned and pushed Abi's hand away, his cock too sensitive. Abi understood and replaced the showerhead, then kneeled down and grasped his cock. It twitched in her hand. 

"I thought you said... Oh my god... no hands," Michael breathed.

Abi looked up and squeezed his cock. "I don't care. I just want you to come."

Michael almost came in her hands right there. Her face was full of lust and her words dripped with longing. But he held back, wanting to know what she was going to do next. 

Abi needed to taste him. She took him into her mouth and sucked hard, swirling her tongue around the tip. Then, grabbing his ass, she pushed him into her mouth as far as she could. 

"Oh, FUCK, Abi... Oh my god..." Michael shuddered as she went deep, digging his nails into her shoulders that he so desperately clung to.

Abi held his cock in her throat for a few seconds, then pulled his hips away, his cock leaving her mouth with a wet pop. She licked his cock up and down, running her hand over his balls and pressing the spot behind them, making him shudder. 

"Abi... Oh... Fuck.." Michael could no longer form coherent sentences, only breathy words and moans. 

Abi needed to finish him off. She wanted to see his face as she brought him to orgasm. She bent her head and took his balls into her mouth, rolling them against each other and sucking, and pressed on the underside of his tip with her thumb. 

It was more than Michael could take. He felt the tension building deep inside him. "FUCK, Abi, I'm... I'm going to come..." he said, slightly pulling away from all the stimulation. Abi leaned back, wrapping her arm underneath her breasts, pressing them up and together. She caught his throbbing cock in her hand and stroked it roughly, aiming the tip at her breasts.

"Oh my GOD, FUCK... OH, FUCK!" Michael came, his come spreading over Abi's breasts. He shook from the force of his orgasm, his cock jumping in her hand. 

Michael was breathing hard. Coming over Abi's breasts had been one of the most erotic sights he'd ever been a part of. "Oh my god, Abi... that was..."

But before he could finish, Abi took her breasts and rubbed his cock between them, covering it in his come. Michael's eyes grew wide, and when Abi looked up and saw, she smirked. 

"Like that?" 

"Yes. Oh my god, yes." Michael reached down and pulled Abi up, pulling her face to his and kissing her passionately. 

"Thank you," Michael added when she pulled away. 

"Of course," Abi answered, looking up into his eyes. "It was all I could do after that showerhead thing you did." She shuddered at the memory, pressing her body closer to Michael's.

Michael looked down at her breasts pressed between them. "So much for getting clean." He grinned deviously. "I guess we'll just have to wash again..."

To be continued...