 All day I had had to keep my suit on in the hot springs. I have a hard time understanding why people insist on wearing clothing when swimming or sunbathing. It just isn’t natural. This particular hot springs allows clothing optional bathing after dark. When it did finally get dark I understood why. It was really dark. You couldn’t see a thing. I slipped out of my suit and dropped it by my chair where my towel and the keys to my RV were. The freedom of being nude elated me, and made me feel more renewed than I had all day. I was glad now that I had had the opportunity to learn my way around during the day. It made navigating among the numerous pools much easier in the darkness. I had to admit I did kind of enjoy the absolute elimination of lights. The stars stood out vividly in the sky. I worked my way around to a couple of different pools and found a nice seat in one pool that provided coverage up to my neck. 

I was thoroughly engrossed in watching the stars when a voice next to me said, “Beautiful aren’t they?” 

I glanced in the direction of the obviously female voice, and said, “Yes, it is amazing to think of the possibilities of life revolving around those stars similar to our star.” I glanced at her and noticed that she was nude as I was. I also noticed that she was young enough to be my daughter. She had to be in her early 20s. I couldn’t make out much other than the lightness of her nude breasts. She said her name was Jeannie and I told her my name. “Do you come here often?” I asked. 

“I come over about once a month,” she said. 

“Where do you live?” I asked. “Boise” she said. We continued to sit and chat and stare at the stars. She mentioned she came over alone and was camping in a tent nearby.

It had to be about 10:00. I asked her if she would like to come back to my RV for a nightcap. I was really shocked when she accepted. We climbed out of the pool and she went to get her towel as I went to get mine. I wrapped the towel tightly around my waist and we found each other again in the dark. I took her hand and led her up a path to the camping area. I unlocked the RV and stepped in and turned on a light. Jeannie walked in behind me. She had wrapped her towel tightly above her breasts. I looked at her in the light. She was even lovelier than I had imagined. She had short dark hair and lovely brown eyes. I asked what she would like. 

She said, “a glass of wine would be fine”, as she sat down on the couch. 

I poured the wine and brought the glasses over to her. I sat on the couch next to her and toasted her saying, “here’s to hot springs and new friends’. She smiled and touched her glass to mine. She took a sip of wind and turned to put the glass on the side table. When she did her towel came undone, and fell from her breasts. She made no motion to retie it. 

“I like being nude, I hope you don’t mind’ she said. 

“Not at all,” I said,” I enjoy being nude also”. 

“Well take off that damp towel then” she said. As I stood and dropped the towel to the floor she said, “this is a lovely RV, why don’t you show me around”. 

“Okay, there’s not much to show” I said. I took her back through the kitchen past the bath and into the bedroom. 

When we got to the bedroom Jeannie smiled and said, “this would be a whole lot more comfortable than my tent.” “Would you mind if I slept here tonight?” 

I stammered “not if you don’t mind sharing the bed with me” I said. 

“Not at all” she said smiling. She glanced at my penis and could see that it was starting to stiffen. I glanced at her small breasts with the dark nipples and the luscious curves of her body. She moved to me and put her hands up behind my head and we both bent simultaneously to kiss. 

I touched my lips to hers and felt their softness. Our bodies pressed close together and I felt my penis react. I pulled away and said, “Are you sure you want to do this, I’m so much older than you”. 

“I enjoy older men’ she said, “They know what turns women on and take more care in trying to satisfy women”. 

I argued no further. I took her in my arms and enveloped her, running my hands up and down her back and over her smooth round buttocks. Our lips pressed against each other. My tongue probed her lips and both of our tongues began to spar with each other. I felt her stiff nipples pressing against my chest. I’m sure she had to feel my now erect penis pressing against her soft pubic mound. I separated from her long enough to pull the spread and top sheet back off the bed and then took her in my arms again and laid her on the bed. “What do you like” I asked. 

“Well, I’m really fond of chocolate ice cream” she said smiling at me. 

“I meant what do you like to have done to you sexually,” I said. 

She smiled and replied, “I know silly, and I love oral sex”. 

Fantastic I thought. I positioned myself between her legs and she had her knees up. I spread her legs and looked at the dark hair and slightly glistening slit there between her legs. I bent to kiss her thighs and put my hands under her buttocks, raising her hips slightly to give me a better angle to dip my tongue into her slit. My tongue dipped into her vaginal lips, I could taste her womanhood. This is one of the most erotic things I can do to a woman. I hope it turned her on because it certainly turned me on. I concentrated on finding her clitoris and flicking it as well as running my tongue around it. Occasionally, I would dip my tongue as deep as possible into her vagina. This went on for a good ten minutes. 

I heard her say, “roll over on your back”. I did so and she straddled me in a sixty nine position, placing her now dripping slit to my face. I felt her take my rigid cock in her hand and then I felt her warm mouth envelop my cock head. I felt her tongue circle the head and then she began to run her lips up and down my shaft. I continued to administer to her clit all the while. I could feel her body begin to tense as I concentrated on stimulating her orally to take my mind off of what she was doing to me. I felt she was getting close to an orgasm. I dipped my tongue into her again, and then moved it back to her clit and flicked it. Then I closed my lips around her clit and sucked on it. That did the trick. I felt her tense and shudder. She stiffened and pulled away from my cock and moaned loudly. I could feel her whole body shudder and convulse in a lovely orgasm. 

She settled back to normal after a few seconds and said, “Keep going”, as she closed her mouth around my shaft again, and stroked up and down it with her lips more enthusiastically than ever. I could hold back no longer. 

I shouted “Here it comes”, so she could pull away if she wished, but she kept her lips around my shaft and stroked up and down as I shot a load of cum into her mouth. I could feel her gulp as she swallowed, sucking all of my juice. 

As I could gain control of my senses again, I softly massaged her clit some more and she came again as my cock softened in her mouth. We turned and snuggled together as I turned out the lights and pulled the covers up over us. It was time for a little sleep.

I thought I was dreaming. A lovely girl was softly kissing my penis and stoking it to erection. I suddenly awoke to find that it wasn’t a dream. Jeannie was indeed doing just that. I let her continue for a couple of minutes before I let her know I was wide awake. As if she couldn’t tell by the throbbing erection she was kissing and stroking. I reached for her and pulled her up to my face and gave her a passionate kiss. I continued to kiss her as my hands slid up and down her body. I fondled her small breasts and tweaked her nipples. I ran my hand down her side and massaged her buttocks. I moved it between her legs, and began massaging her slit and clit to moisten her in preparation for my entry. Finally I felt she was ready. I gently moved her onto her back and positioned myself between her legs. I moved my penis head to her moist slit and then gently pushed it in. It felt like heaven as my hard shaft was engulfed into her pussy. The warmth and moistness was electrifying. I moved my penis back and forth in her stimulating her. I dearly hoped she would cum soon, because I knew I could not hold it for long. I tried concentrating on other things to prolong the intercourse, but my mind kept wandering back to the moment and the lovely creature that lay beneath me. I felt her begin to push back to my thrusts. After a few minutes I could feel her tensing and then she erupted in a moaning orgasm. I came immediately, not able to hold it any longer. I buried my penis into her and shot spurt after spurt into her warm moist cunt. We both fell to the bed exhausted and were almost immediately back to sleep. The next morning we fucked again, a slow easy fuck, more comfortable with each other now, learning each other’s desires. I cooked her breakfast and she helped me do dishes. 

Finally she had to leave. She put her arms around me and said ‘thank you Daddy for helping me to fulfill my fantasy. It was more than I could ever imagine.”

“The pleasure was truly mine,” I said, “there isn’t anything I wouldn’t do for my little girl”.