 This story is a continuation of a series. Please read Hot for Teacher chapters 1-4 before reading this. 

Abi and Michael had been seeing each other in secret for a few weeks. They had fallen in love after spending a beautiful night together, and couldn't let each other go. But because they were teacher and student, they also couldn't be seen together. So they kept their relationship underground. Abi visited Michael's off-campus apartment often, but had to be very careful that no one they knew saw her go in.

Despite the restrictions, though, their relationship continued to sizzle. But Michael was frustrated that Abi hadn't yet stayed true to her promise of letting him use her dildo on her. He had asked over and over, but she had always teased, "Maybe next time..." So one day, he decided to take matters into his own hands. 

Michael went online and bought a dildo, one that had vibrating and spinning parts. "Real fancy shit", he thought. He saw some fuzzy handcuffs, and bought them, just for laughs. Or so he told himself. But in truth, he couldn't wait for what he was going to do to her with them.

One Saturday morning, the box came. "Perfect," Michael thought. Abi was coming for dinner already. Little did she know she'd be getting a lot more desert than she was bargaining for. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

At 6 o'clock, Abi knocked on Michael's door. She shifted on her feet uncomfortably. Michael had told her that he had a surprise for her. She liked surprises, but the mischievous tone in Michael's voice when he called her told her that she should be nervous.

Michael had just set the wine and glasses on the table when he heard the knock at his door. Butterflies fluttered in his stomach. He couldn't wait to use his new toy on hers. He walked to the door and opened it. "Bonjour, Madame. Your dinner awaits." Michael bowed theatrically.

Abi giggled. He was wearing a bow tie and an apron over jeans and a t-shirt, and he had a towel draped over his arm like a butler. Suddenly, as she lamented the fact that she couldn't see Michael's body very well under the apron, he swept her up into his arms. She squealed and dropped her overnight bag, but then wrapped her arms around his neck and pressed her lips to his.

Michael just stood there with her for what seemed like forever as their lips danced. He ran his tongue across her bottom lip, asking for access, and she granted it. Their tongues caressed, and Abi's hands moved from around his neck to his head, running her fingers through Michael's hair as he moved his lips to her neck and sucked for a moment. Abi moaned, and her sound snapped Michael out of his trance. 

"We should..." He paused as Abi sucked lightly on his bottom lip. "We should go to the kitchen before I lose control of my actions."

"Fine," Abi pouted, and put her arms back around his neck, allowing him to carry her into the kitchen. 

When Michael put her down in the kitchen, Abi gasped quietly. He had set up his table with wine and glasses, a table cloth, and full place settings. There was a platter in the middle with a cover on it, and the plates were expensive china. 

"You borrowed all this from your mother, didn't you," Abi teased. 

Michael just smiled and pulled her chair out for her to sit. When she did, he took the bottle of wine and poured them both some. 

Abi laughed. "Well, Michael! You wouldn't be trying to get me drunk so you can take advantage of me, would you?" 

"I would never!" Michael said, incredulously. Abi took a sip and winked. "It's not taking advantage if I consent. "

Michael hardened slightly, then mentally reprimanded himself. "Later. There'll be time in just a little while," he thought. After sitting down, Michael reached across the table and took Abi's delicate hands in his. He loved how her hands looked in his. They were so small, so thin and fragile-looking. But he knew that they were anything but fragile. And what they could do... he knew what they did to him. Abi sighed when Michael took her hands. She could see in his eyes how much he liked holding her hands, because she made the same glazed-over expression about his. They were tan and strong, and those fingers... She shuddered at the thought. Those fingers did things to her that she couldn't handle. 

Michael's voice snapped her out of her thoughts. "Alright, well here's the surprise," he said, nodding at the covered platter. "We're having dessert before dinner." 

Abi's heart sank a smidge. She was frankly expecting something more. But then Michael's hands left hers, and he raised the cover on the platter. 

Abi gasped. Sitting on the platter was a pair of silly-looking fuzzy handcuffs. Those she thought were funny. But next to them... there was a vibrator, one with an additional "finger" for the clit and spinning parts. Abi's muscles clenched at the thought of how good it would feel. She felt her panties getting wet, and she squirmed in her chair. 

Michael had to call her name to get her attention. "Abi! Hello?" Abi looked up, her eyes wide. "Oh my god, Michael..."

Michael smirked, but then his eyes darkened. "You kept teasing me about yours, so I decided to get one myself. And we ARE going to use it tonight. Time for dessert..."

Michael got up from his chair, grabbed the handcuffs and vibrator, and grabbed Abi's hand. She got up, still a bit stunned that he had gone and bought a vibrator... for her. Michael led her to the bedroom, and threw the toys on the bed. He turned to her and pulled her close with an arm around her waist. Leaning down and putting his lips to her ear, he whispered, "Abi, I'm in control tonight. And I'm going to take you so high you'll never come back down."

Abi shuddered at the thought, and then gasped when he kissed her, his lips covering hers. Michael's hand went to her head, running his fingers through her hair as their tongues danced. He pulled back a bit and nipped her bottom lip lightly, letting his hand fall to the hem of her dress. He pulled it up and rubbed her through the lace of her boy shorts with his thumb, eliciting a moan, muffled by his own lips. 

Abi let her mind go blank as Michael kissed her, and before she knew it, he had removed her dress and bra, and had picked her up and put her on his bed. He had the handcuffs in his hands. "Do you trust me?" He looked at her hopefully. 

Abi moaned, frustrated. "Michael! Of course I trust you! Now put those things on me and touch me before I jump you!" 

"You don't have to tell me twice," Michael breathed. He cuffed one of her hands and wrapped the chain behind a post on his headboard before cuffing her other hand, so her arms were stretched above her head. 

Abi looked up at him, and tried to figure out a way to vocalize how much she wanted him. Her panties were already soaked, and she needed relief desperately. "Michael," she breathed. "Please..." 

Michael obliged. He ripped off the apron and bow tie with his shirt, his muscles tensing. He straddled her, his cock rubbing her through his jeans. She moaned. It sounded longing, almost begging. Michael looked down at her. Her eyes begged for him. She was in a compromising position. He could do anything he wanted to her, and she wouldn't be able to do anything about it. And he couldn't wait to torture her with pleasure. 

Abi looked up at Michael, pleading with her eyes and her mouth. She could feel his shaft pressing through his jeans, evidence of what she did to him. She was so insanely turned on at the thought of being completely at his mercy. If he had been anyone else, she would've been terrified to be naked and tied up with no way of escape. But she trusted him to not hurt her. She knew that he might make her hurt with pleasure, but not with pain. However, she was desperate for him to touch her at that moment. Her clit throbbed as he ground his groin into her, and she was sure her lace panties were ruined from all the wetness she was producing. She felt her cheeks redden as she breathed harder, and her nipples hardened in the slightly cool air of the bedroom. She wanted so badly to shake him, to grab his hard shoulders and tug him to her, to let their skin touch. Michael couldn't stand to see her in such wanting. He bent his head and took her nipple into his mouth, feeling it pebble even more as he sucked. He locked his mouth around it and ran his tongue lightly across it, pinching its pair between his thumb and forefinger roughly. Looking up, he found Abi's head thrown back between her outstretched arms, her lips opening and closing, gasping for air. 

Crawling up her body once more, he pressed his lips to hers and kissed her passionately. She ground her hips into him and moaned into his mouth. Michael lost himself in Abi's body, his mind thinking of nothing but how he was going to torture her with pleasure. When he finally pulled his head back, she gasped, "Michael, I love you." Michael felt a rush of lust and love for Abi. He kissed her again, losing himself once more in her lips. When he pulled back, he said gruffly, "God, I love you too." 

Michael began to kiss roughly down her chest, stopping to suck on her nipples again, one at a time. When she squirmed, silently begging him to go on, he let his lips draw a wet trail down her stomach. 

"Please, Michael... Please," Abi begged. "I want you so badly it hurts." 

Michael looked up and winked darkly. "Not yet, Abi... Not yet." 

He was hard as a rock, and frankly he just wanted to rip her panties off and fuck her into oblivion. But even more, he wanted to tease and torture her, bring her high and take her back down, and make her come so hard that by the end of the night, she would be so sated that she wouldn't wake up until noon. 

So torture her he did. He lightly bit the skin above her hip and then licked it slowly, eliciting a frustrated moan. Moving back up her torso, he did the same to the sides of her breasts, then her neck. 

Abi heart, brain, and clit were throbbing in anticipation. She was so frustrated that he wouldn't touch her more that she was ready to scream. She had to do something. 

"God DAMN IT, MICHAEL!" Abi raised her voice to get his attention. "Jesus Christ. I swear, if you don't touch me now, I'll never touch you again!" It was an empty threat, and they both knew it. But it worked nonetheless. 

Michael sighed and moved down the bed, hooking his fingers over her panties and pulling them down her legs quickly. When he reappeared between her legs, Abi looked down thankfully. 

"Thank you. Good god, I thought I was going to have to kill you." 

Michael didn't answer. He put his lips to her slit and kissed it lightly, making her squirm with delight. Slowly parting her legs, he put his lips lower and kissed again, this time getting a moan. Licking into her, Michael used his tongue to tease her whole mound. 

She was soaked, and her wetness was leaking past her ass onto the bed. Michael licked up over her ass and cleaned it all. He loved her taste, her smell. He finally put his lips to her clit and sucked hard. 

"Oh! OH! Oh, Michael!" Michael removed his lips from her and looked up, startled. 

"Jesus, don't STOP! What is wrong with you?!" He had obviously underestimated how turned on she was, if she was that close to coming already. He would need to bring her down a notch. 

"Sorry, but this is my night," Michael said, crawling up the bed. "I want to make you wait." With that, he kissed her again, giving her no time to protest. She kissed back hungrily, almost angrily. After a few minutes lost in each other, Michael pulled back. 

"You're a real dick, you know that?" Abi looked at him with her brow furrowed. 

"Mmmhmm." 

Michael smiled and moved back down to settle between her legs, but this time he grabbed the vibrator. Abi squeezed her legs together in anticipation, but Michael pulled them apart. "Ah ah ah, no you don't, missy." 

"Please use it on me... Good god, PLEASE." Abi looked at him, her eyes watery from pleasure. Michael obliged. He rubbed the tip of the faux cock from her ass to her clit, settling in to rub it slowly on her clit. He dipped it inside her, causing her to squirm and moan. But when he pulled back, the vibrator was nearly dripping. Abi was nearly unconscious she felt so good. Michael hadn't even turned on the vibrator yet, and she was practically delirious. When he slipped it inside of her, she was shocked awake, and she looked up. But what he did next truly stunned her. 

Looking directly into her eyes, Michael raised the vibrator to his lips and put it in his mouth. He cleaned it with his tongue, leaving only a sheen of saliva. Then, he took about half of it all the way into his mouth and sucked it. It startled Abi to realize how much it turned her on to see him suck a cock, even if it was a fake one. She thought her eyes were going to pop out of her head. 

Michael wasn't gay, or even bi, or at least he had never thought he was. But the fact that Abi was practically drooling made him want to suck the vibrator more, just to give her pleasure. Hell, he would probably suck a real cock if she asked him to. 

When the vibrator was clean and Michael thought he couldn't find any other excuse to keep sucking it, he pulled it out of his mouth and looked up at Abi.

"Holy... Holy shit, Michael. That was fucking hot." Michael's cheeks went pink. "Um... I'm not sure why I did that..." 

"I don't care why... it was so hot to see you sucking a cock, I don't even care why you did it." 

Michael decided that this wasn't the time to talk about it, so he moved on. "I'm glad you liked it," he smiled. "Let's keep that high going..." He pressed the vibrator to her clit and turned it on the middle setting. As it buzzed to life, Abi moaned gratefully. She writhed against the tip, but Michael pulled it away. Before she could protest, though, he pushed it into her, letting the "finger" tickle her clit. 

Abi was in heaven. The body of the vibrator pressed tightly against her g-spot; it had a slight mound on the front to serve just that purpose. She could feel the pressure building inside her. When she had squirted that time in the lecture hall, she didn't know what the feeling was. Now she did, and she wanted it more and more. The finger of the vibrator rubbed her clit mercilessly, and her body climbed higher and higher by the second. 

Michael was enjoying this immensely. He loved to pleasure Abi, and now he could watch her without having to worry about what he was doing. Her face was contorting and her breathing ragged. Her fists clenched in the handcuffs, and she had her head turned into her arm, biting her lip. But she couldn't stifle her moans. She groaned loudly between pants of breath.

Suddenly Abi became aware that she was moaning incredibly loudly. She felt delirious with pleasure. She was standing at the edge of a cliff, and Michael was pulling her over, agonizingly slowly. But suddenly, just as she felt she was about to give in to the pull, the vibrations stopped, and she was forced back from the cliff's edge, falling hard. 

"FUCK!!" Abi yelled out, her awareness coming back to her. She looked down to find Michael licking the vibrator clean seductively. She strained at her binds, and banged her feet on the bed like a child throwing a tantrum. She felt like her body was going to implode, explode, and spontaneously combust, all at the same time. "MICHAEL FUCKING JAMES BYRNES." 

"Hmm?"

"WHAT. THE. FUCK. WAS. THAT," Abi forced out between pants.

"THAT was me teasing you," Michael said nonchalantly, dragging the vibrator across her thigh. 

"The FUCK it was! I was about to come! Could you possibly have WORSE timing?!" 

"Well that kind of was the point..." Abi tried to calm herself. "Michael James Byrnes. If you don't let me come, I will not be responsible for my actions. I might come here in the middle of the night and maim you." "Damn... Look, Abi. I'll undo those, as long as you promise not to hurt me. And I promise I'll let you come this time." 

"Fine," Abi sighed, squirming and pressing her legs together, desperate for stimulation. "Promise?" 

"Only if you do." 

"I promise not to maim you." 

"I promise to let you come."

"Alright, get these off of me." 

Michael climbed up the bed and unlocked the handcuffs with a key from his pocket. He was still wearing his jeans, and his cock was painfully hard. As soon as Abi was free, she punched him squarely in the chest, knocking him back onto the bed. 

"Hey," Michael panted, massaging his chest. "You promised!" 

Abi straddled him and said, "I promised not to maim you, not that I wouldn't hit you. You kind of deserved that. Now, I am going to have my way with YOU."

Abi grabbed the handcuffs and locked one of his wrists in before he could do anything. Wrapping the chain around the back of a bedpost, she locked in his other wrist and threw the key across the room. 

"Damn, that was hot." 

"Mmmhmm. Well, if you want more than watching me fuck myself with that dildo, you're going to have to beg." 

"God damn, please, Abi... Please..." Michael was now the one in the compromising position. She could leave him there if she so pleased, but he knew she wouldn't. She wanted to fuck him too badly; he could see it in her eyes. 

"Alright, alright." Abi ground her clit into his jeans-clad bulge, moaning. 

She climbed off Michael and unzipped his jeans agonizingly slowly, pulling them down his legs, taking his socks with them. Throwing them onto the floor, she went back for his gray boxer briefs, but hesitated. Bending her head instead, she kissed the bulge in his briefs slowly, sensually. Her hands roamed up to his chest and she ran them through the hair there, and then ran them over his nipples. She nipped at his package and kissed the hardness again. 

Michael gave a guttural groan. "Jesus, Abi. If you keep doing that, I'm going to come." 

"Well, well, we can't have that, now can we?" Abi hooked her thumbs over his briefs and Michael lifted his hips so she could remove them. His cock sprung free and stood straight up, perpendicular to his flat stomach. When Abi had dropped his underwear on the floor, she reappeared at his side. 

"Damn, you are ready, aren't you?" Abi looked down at Michael's cock and moaned quietly. It was rock hard, and his head was practically purple. Pre-come was leaking from the tip, and she could see it throbbing, almost imperceptibly. 

She tapped her finger in the pre-come on his tip. His cock twitched and his hips jerked at her touch as he gasped. 

"Oh my god, Abi... It's too sensitive." Michael looked apologetic. 

Abi smiled understandingly and straddled his stomach, leaning down to kiss him. She held his straining biceps as their lips connected. Careful not to touch his cock, she ground her clit into Michael's abs as they kissed, trying to eke as much pleasure out of the kiss as possible without hurting him. She moved her lips to his neck and nipped at the skin there, eliciting an appreciative moan from her lover. 

After a few minutes of passion-laden kisses, Abi bent her head into his neck once more and whispered in his ear. "Now I'm going to take YOU higher." 

Moving herself down on his body, Abi allowed his cock to slip inside her. 

"Oh..." Abi sighed and slumped. 

Michael gave a long, guttural moan. 

Abi began to move up and down on Michael's cock. He was so hard, and it almost hurt to have him inside her. His head pressed up against her cervix. But it was a good pain, and she groaned as she moved around him. 

Michael now understood how Abi had felt earlier: delirious with pleasure. His cock throbbed inside her as she moved up and down on him. He barely knew what was going on. Suddenly he felt her getting off him, and he looked up. 

"What are you doing?" 

Abi said nothing, but retrieved the key from the carpet across the room. She came back and unlocked the handcuffs, freeing Michael's arms. 
