 The entire place was clean, so much so that I could smell nothing but bleach and my eyes were stinging. For a moment I tried to convince myself that the bleach was why I was still crying, but I knew better. Emotional break downs lead to clean apartments. Standing in the middle of my immaculate living room in my black sweatpants and white t-shirt, I suddenly felt trapped. The breeze from the window was crisp and reeked of autumn, and I knew I needed to be out there. I grabbed my hoody, zipped it up, and practically ran out the door.

About a half mile down the road I realized flip-flops were a bad choice, but I couldn't go back. I was a strong woman, but even the strong break down sometimes. The pressure I put on myself was to blame, and I knew I would be fine after a walk and some more tears. I knew better than to fight it, and just let them fall. The cold air left my cheeks cold and stinging. I didn't know where I was going, but I knew exactly where I would end up; the creek. 

About a half an hour later I made it to my destination. Nestled in the middle of the park was a small creek surrounded by large rocks. I made the short climb to my favorite rock, and planted myself on it. I tucked my knees below my chin and wrapped my arms around my legs. I looked around at the beauty of my favorite spot, and felt the tears start to well up again. I sighed a sigh of annoyance, and let them start to fall. I buried my face in my forearms and allowed the tears to be soaked up by my sweatshirt, the cool breeze ticking the loose hairs on the back of my neck that broke loose from my ponytail.

"Kate?" My head shot up and looked around. Standing in middle of the path I made to get to the creek was Miles. Miles and I were in a study group together and I had a flash of a memory where I told him about this place. We were all talking about our favorite places, and while the others in the group blabbed on and on about the Bahamas and Tahoe, Miles and I had a branched off, like we usually did, and I told him about my rock at the creek. I don't think he ever told me his...

"Miles!" I croaked, turning away from him and wiping the tears from my face.

"Shit, Kate, are you hurt?" I heard him making his way up the rock, and felt a sudden overwhelming feeling of shame that he was going to see me like this.

"No...no, I'm ok. I just came out here to enjoy the weather." I could hear that he had made his way to the top of the rock, and my back was still to him as I tried to discretely blow my nose and clean myself up to face him.

"But I thought I heard you crying..."

I chuckled a little and turned towards him, looking up at him since he was standing while I was still sitting. "Oh, I am." I laughed again, and the tears began to fall again. I was not looking forward to having to explain myself. I didn't want to admit how weak I was. I didn't want to show him, or anyone, that part of me. 

I buried my face in my hands and felt him sit down next to me. He didn't say a word, and I felt his arm slide across my shoulders, pulling me ever so slightly towards him. I dived into him, filling my hands with fistfuls of his shirt as I sobbed into his chest. He held me to him, rocking back and forth slightly as I soaked his shirt with my shameful flood of emotion. I don't know how long we sat there, but soon my sobs had calmed down to only a few little hiccups here and there, and my hands hurt from holding his shirt so tight. 

I loosed my fists and placed my palms against his chest. He was still rocking back and forth, and I kept my eyes closed and savored the absolute feeling of comfort I was feeling. It had been a long time since I had been this close to someone physically, and I had forgotten how wonderful it felt to be comforted. I let him rock me, feeling the light pressure of his cheek against the back of my head where he had let it rest. 

As the crying died down I was able to breathe through my nose again. Miles smelled like dryer sheets, and it made me smile to myself a little. I noticed that I had started unconsciously rubbing my thumb back and forth on his chest, and stopped instantly. Miles felt pretty solid. I had never noticed before. I usually went for bigger guys, and while Miles was taller than most, he seemed a little too thin to me. But now I could feel his strong arms around me, and his lean muscles under my hands, and I had a sudden urge to bury my face in his neck and kiss it softly. 

I stiffed in his arms, and I could tell he noticed because he stopped rocking. It was just the physical connection, I told myself. It had been a long time since I had let anyone touch me. I wasn't one of those people you hugged every time you saw them. I started to pull away, and he didn't resist. I kept my gaze down as I sat up in front of him, mumbling an "I'm sorry," as I wiped a few straggler tears from my face. I looked up at him, seeing a sad look on his face as he reached across the space between us, put his hand on the side of my face and wiped a tear away with his thumb.

I startled him as lunged at him, wrapping my arms around his neck and placing my lips firmly on his. My kisses were hungry, and at first he kissed backed like a guy who just got attacked by a tear stained woman sitting on a rock in the middle of a huge park. But then he was kissing me back, just as hungry, placing his hands on the side of my head as he pulled my face closer. My mouth opened and his tongue was there instantly, making me moan at the pure pleasure of it.

Knowing there was enough of the rock behind him I started to push forward, forcing him to straighten his legs as I placed mine on either side of his. He broke free of my kisses for a moment, "Kate...Kate, wait..." as I continued pushing him backwards, my lips only half an inch away from his.

I kissed him again, reaching between us to unzip my hoody and taking it off. "Please," I said between kisses, "please keep up the whole quiet, hot guy thing and shut the hell up." I planted my lips on his again and felt him smile against them.

"Quiet, hot guy?" he chuckled as he finally gave in and laid down on the rock, his hands sliding up the back of my shirt as I lowered myself on top of him, kissing him. His hand slid up to where my bra strap should have been, and he groaned a little as his hand glided over smooth skin. I sat up, looking down at him as I took my shirt off, and his gaze leaving my eyes to stare at my breasts. I was a kind of curvy girl, and felt that I did a good job of hiding how large my breasts actually were. His hands slowly slid up my thighs to rest on my hips. "For months," he breathed, sliding his hands from my hips and up my sides, "months, I have woken up in the middle of the night, thinking of you." 

I looked down at him, my look of surprise evident on my face. "Me?" He pushed himself up onto his elbows, smiling at me. A huge smile grew across my face, and I leaned towards him, kissing him lightly on the lips. He pushed up towards me, and I shifted back a little bit to allow him to sit up. He broke away from the kiss to pull his shirt off over his head, and then grabbed me by the hips again and started to pull me towards him. He was lean and fit, the muscles of his chest flexing slightly as he pulled me towards him. 

I shuffled my way closer to him and leaned forward a bit, and with my chest right in front of his face. He placed light kisses along my collar bones as his hands slid up my sides and to the sides of my breasts. I straightened up and leaned my head back as I felt his thumbs move over my nipples, and let out a small moan. Then I felt his mouth on my nipple and my body jerked in response. I brought my head up to look down at him, and placed my hand on the back of his head to push it closer to me. He looked up at me and began rolling the other nipple between his fingers, and I jerked again, my sharp intake of breath echoing slightly against the rocks. 

I felt his teeth scrape lightly against my nipple and I couldn't help but to start grinding on the hardness I felt growing from him below me. The material of my underwear and sweatpants created some friction, and I moved my hips forwards and then back, side to side, harder and harder against him. I was getting all kinds of hot and bothered, letting out small moans as my breathing got heavier. Miles had moved his mouth to the other nipple and started sucking, making my body jerk again. He groaned when I jerked against him, and the sound made me grind against him even harder. 

Finally I pushed away from him, laying down on my back on the rock between his legs. I had my feet on either side of his hips, and thrust my hips up in the air in order to slide my sweatpants over them. I then put my ass on the cold rock and lifted my legs towards Miles so he could help me. He smiled as he pulled them and my underwear towards him, tossing them to the side as he reached down to undo the fly of his jeans. He laid back and lifted his hips a little to shimmy out of his jeans, his cock springing free from it's bounds. I didn't know I could be anymore lustful, but as soon as I saw his cock, I needed it inside of me.

I didn't even give him a chance to get his jeans off all the way. I quickly crawled on top of him and reached between my legs to help guide him in. I stroked him slowly first, savoring the length of him. I felt myself get even wetter at the thought of lowering myself onto him. I could tell without touching it that my clit was swollen, my lips a little puffy, and that I was dripping for him. He had his hands on both sides of my face again. "Please," he begged, lightly thrusting upwards into my stroking hand. 

I rubbed his tip against my opening and he closed his eyes for a moment, but quickly opened them again. I let go of him, placed a hand on each of his shoulders, and slowly started to ease myself down, my mouth open in surprise of how much he was stretching me. Small gasps were escaping my mouth as I took him in, inch by inch, slowly sliding up and down over every inch to make sure he was fully coated in my juices. His eyes never left my face as he placed his hands on my hips, guiding me up and down onto him. 

Finally he was completely inside of me, and I felt my pussy tighten and loosen around him. "Oh, god," I whispered, and watched his face change to astonishment as my pussy tightened around him and I jerked over and over again as my orgasm shot through me. I had upturned my head at one point, and as the last spasm coursed through me, I looked back down at him. He looked up at me in complete awe. A small smile crept onto my face as I sat up. I started moving my hips against him, and his hands gripped my hips tightly. I moved my hips in circles, my hands moving up and over my breasts and into my hair. I leaned forward again, placing my hands on either side of his head as I bounced my ass up and down, taking him into me in long, deep strokes. 

I sat back up and this time he came with me. He wrapped his arms around me and buried his face in my tits as I put my hands on his shoulders and slowly moved up and down on him. His fingers were digging into my flesh and I knew he was going to come soon. Feeling his skin against mine, his cock deep inside me, his mouth on my breasts, and his arms wrapped around me all came together to give me the strongest orgasm I had ever had in my entire life. I warned him, whispering that I was coming. He uplifted his head and pressed his lips against mine. Our mouths were opened against each others as his hands went to my ass and he pulled me harder against him. 

At last I came, the walls of my pussy tightening against his cock as it sucked the come right out of him. He had covered my mouth with his again, and I was moaning loudly into it, convulsing against him. He was shaking too, and I could feel his cock pulsing inside of me. I pulled my mouth away from his and buried my head in his neck, lightly kissing it over and over again. I was holding him tight against me, and he was holding me just as tight, out bodies shaking together. Soon the shaking stopped, and the cold started to creep it's way in. I pulled back a little to look into face. He looked amazing, and I had to tell him so.

"You..." and then we heard a shuffling in the bushes a little far off from where we were, and some giggling. He instantly laid back down and I rolled off from on top of him, our juices oozing out of me as I did so. "Ewwwwww," I whispered softly and giggled a little as he started throwing my clothes at me, and I throwing his at him. As long as we laid flat, no one would be able to see us from the creek, so we got dressed on our backs as quickly as we could. I peeked over the side and saw a couple making out down by the creek side and looked back at Miles. He had the biggest smile I had ever seen, and it was completely contagious. I pointed down the other side of the rock and we slowly slid down and escaped into the woods, unseen.

Once we got to a safe distance, he turned to me and pulled me in for a long, deep kiss. We pulled away from each other, smiling, and then his face got serious.

"What's wrong?" I asked, instantly scared for some reason.

"Food. I am going to make you food." He said, and his smile returned. "We are going to my place, and I will cook for you. And, as much as I love rocks, there's a bed at my place."