 Chapter 02

An amazing lesson

[With help from volunteer editor LaRacasse. His suggestions are always right on track and very useful.] 

It was the summer after High School graduation so long ago. I had just turned 18 and I had my college acceptance and a nice scholarship in my pocket. The girl I dated all senior year had tearfully told me she was going to a college hundreds of miles away. We had sadly agreed we couldn't hope to make a long distance relationship work and had given each other freedom. I planned to take advantage of mine this last hot Missouri summer before I left for college in California.

Things got off to a good start, as I told in Chapter One. I made a date with Karen, who had a reputation as the biggest cockteaser in our class, and it really turned out to be true. When she finally let me come after teasing me all evening, it was an experience to remember. She rarely dated the same guy twice, so I figured I needed to look for another idea. 

My buddy Gary called me and said, "Hey, want to double date with Linda and me next Saturday?" They had been going steady our whole senior year and I knew Linda well. She was the girl with the biggest tits in the whole senior class, and Gary frequently regaled us by saying, "She hardly gets in the car before I have her bra off. I love knocking those big boobs around and it really turns her on." I figured that double dating with them I might be able to count on Linda to set an example for my girl.

After some thought, I made a date with Kathy. She had actually been my debate partner when we won the county championship. I had often been so distracted gazing at her ass while she spoke that I lost the train of the argument. She had been dating some college guy and I had been going steady with Mary so we never had a chance to go out. Her guy had dumped her and she told every girl in the class about it. Naturally the guys heard it too, so I figured she was available. She really didn't have a reputation with the seniors, and I didn't quite know what to expect.

On Saturday, Gary picked me up in his 57 Chevy convertible with the top down. We both had our shades on and we really thought we looked cool. First we picked up Linda. Like all the girls that summer she was wearing a buttoned cotton top and a miniskirt. I thought that her tits were going to pop a few buttons off that top. She slid into the car and right over against Gary. I saw her big knockers rub his chest as she gave him a welcoming kiss. We drove off and right away Gary's arm went around her shoulders and his hand dropped casually to her boob.

Then we arrived at Kathy's house, and I hopped out of the car to go to her door. She opened the door and I took a good look. She was short, with short cut black hair, a cute smile and bright red lipstick that really brought attention to her lips. Like Linda she had on a button top and a miniskirt. Her boobs were nowhere near as big as Linda's but they were nicely shaped under her blouse. Like a gentleman I opened the back seat door for her and she slid in, keeping her knees carefully together so I didn't get any show.

I went around the car and got in. Kathy slid over to sit right next to me, and I felt her hip and thigh press against mine. This was a good start to the evening. I put my arm around her and pulled her in to me a little. We headed off to Smitty's Drive In where the crowd all hung out.

As Gary's convertible pulled into the parking lot, everybody recognized it right away. We got a lot of waves, and a couple of inquisitive looks at me in the back seat with Kathy instead of Mary. Even as we sipped our sodas, I could see Gary's hand roving over Linda's tits. I knew Kathy could see it too.

When we finished the sodas and waved to all the gang, Gary started the car and Kathy asked, "Where are we going?"

Linda chuckled and said, "Have you ever been to The Cave, Kathy?"

Again Kathy looked puzzled and said, "No, what is that?"

Linda said, "I thought all the girls had heard about Gary's Cave! His parents let him make over the basement into his own private spot and he has really fixed it up. All kinds of things go on there." She gave that throaty chuckle again at that.

So we drove to Gary's house, and he pulled the convertible to the end of the driveway and we went down some concrete steps to the outside door of the basement. We stepped in and Gary waved his hand around. Of course I had been here many times and heard many stories from Gary about its usefulness. He had a couple of couches and a couple of easy chairs, a small refrigerator, and some lamps that had blue bulbs in them. It really was a cozy place and I hoped Kathy got the idea.

Linda and Gary went right to one of the couches, and Linda motioned to the other one and said, "Make yourselves comfortable." Then she turned and gave Gary a deep kiss. The couches faced each other, so I could see their tongues working and was already starting to get turned on. I looked at Kathy, hoping she was too.

Kathy and I sat down on the couch and I put my arm around her shoulders. She did not lean into me, but didn't pull away either. Linda and Gary were already making out hard and I knew Kathy was watching them. I leaned over and gave her a kiss, and after a second felt her respond. I took her other shoulder and pulled her in to me until her boobs were just barely rubbing my chest. After a few minutes of kissing I tried a little tongue action. She let me part her lips a bit but didn't respond in kind. 

I thought I heard that low throaty chuckle from the other couch and stole a look over there. I caught Linda's eye but she quickly turned all her attention to Gary again. His hand was roaming on one of those big melons and her head was thrown back while he kissed her neck.

I moved my hand to Kathy's back and pulled her in closer to me. Her tits pressed up against my chest and I rubbed back and forth lightly, while I got my tongue inside her mouth. This time she responded, so we did some deep kissing. On the other couch I could see Gary's hands working on Linda's big boobs. I figured it was worth a try so I let my hand slide down over Kathy's blouse to her boob and just lightly stroked it. She moved slightly under my touch and I could see that she was enjoying this. Of course, me, I was getting as hard as a rock.

I moved my hand over and stroked the other tit for a while, while still working my tongue in her mouth. I kept rubbing that soft round tit. Even through two layers of cloth I could feel the nipple harden. She threw her head back and moaned slightly. Looking over to the other couple I could see that Linda's eyes were on us now. Gary had opened her blouse and her deep cleavage was showing over her bra, that is when I could see it without Gary's hand on it.

I could feel Kathy turn her head and look over that way too. Mentally I thought, "OK, Gary, lead the way." I moved my hand to the buttons of her blouse, maneuvering so my arm was still across her tit and rubbing it. At the same time I made a deep assault on her mouth. I got three buttons unbuttoned and then moved my hand to her other tit. Sneaking a glance across the room I saw my friend kissing Linda's neck and chest down to her bra. That looked like a good idea so I followed suit. Kathy threw her head back again and moaned, and again I thought I heard Linda chuckle lightly.

So I went ahead and let my hand move inside her blouse to caress the silky fabric of her bra and the nipple through it. Again she moved against my hand a bit and her hand on my thigh crept upward toward my crotch. I was extremely hard and straining against my pants. This was about as far as I had ever gotten with my steady girl, and I was beginning to enter unknown territory. In my adventurous date with Karen the cockteaser she had taken care of it all. I looked over to my friend to see how he was doing.

Gary had Linda's bra unhooked now, and I saw his hand roaming over her knocker in circles under the loose bra. She was obviously reacting as her hips jerked upward toward him. Their lips were locked and I knew there was some deep kissing going on. Once again I thought, "Master Gary, show me how!" One night in this very Cave he taught me to unhook a bra fastened around a chair back. Would I remember the skill now?

I pushed my tongue deep into Kathy's mouth and put one hand on her tit and squeezed the nipple. At the same time I let the other hand go under her blouse to her back, and felt for the clasp of her bra. I wrapped my fingers around it and tried to open it with one flip, but couldn't work the clasp. Kathy felt that, and pulled back from me and grabbed my hand. She sat there looking at me, and holding that hand by the wrist. It was a bit awkward, but not as awkward as it became when we both heard Linda's throaty chuckle again. This time I glanced over there and saw that both she and Gary were sitting up on the couch looking at Kathy and me. They had big grins on their faces.

Kathy had noticed them too. She pulled away from me and looked over at the pair on the other couch. "What," she said, "are you two laughing at?"

Linda looked at Gary and brushed his blonde hair back. Gary looked at Linda and put his hand on her thigh. Then Linda said, "It is just that this is our summer to enjoy, and you two kids are so good for each other, and you are so bad at showing it. You look like a couple of eighth graders over there!"

Kathy tossed her head and said, "So what makes you two the experts?"

Gary and Linda both laughed at that. They looked at each other and seemed to come to a meeting of the minds. Linda gave Gary a push off the couch and said, "Come over here, Kathy. I need to have a private talk with you." She buttoned up a couple of buttons on her blouse as she said that.

Kathy looked at me. I was not quite sure what was going on, but I shrugged my shoulders. It didn't seem to me that I could lose what ever direction things went from here. Kathy shrugged back, removed my arm from her shoulder, buttoned her blouse and went over to sit by Linda.

Gary gave me a wink and jerked his head toward the far corner of the room. I went over there with him, and started off, "What the heck is going on here? I just about had her bra off and you two laughed at us!"

Gary nudged me in the ribs and said, "Calm down, friend. Linda is going to try to explain about this long hot summer to Kathy, and I am going to try to give you a few hints. What did you do with Mary all last year?"

I sort of blushed. All through senior year the guys had told stories about their sexual adventures, and I had mostly kept quiet, only referring now and then to "watching the submarine races" with Mary, or taking her to the Drive In Theater. Now I told Gary, "That was different. Mary was a good girl and I respected her."

"Yeah, yeah," Gary said, "And all us guys respected you for doing that, even if we snickered behind your back. But now things are different. You only have a little bit of the summer left. And that is exactly what Linda is telling Kathy. If she gets talked into it, Linda and I can really help you guys learn. But you have to agree that I know more than you do and that you will listen to me."

"OK," I said, "I know you aren't called Joe Cocksman for nothing. So tell me what I should do."

Gary laughed and said, "Ah, no, my friend, not now. I mean once things get started. Linda and I will not only give instructions, we plan to demonstrate as we go along."

I looked at him in stunned silence for a moment. I didn't believe what I heard. But then, slowly, it began to percolate around in my mind and I started to see the brilliance of this suggestion. The few times I had doubled dated with Gary before had usually ended with me looking sideways at him making out hard with Linda while I was getting nothing but closed lip kisses. I had tried to figure out his technique but without much luck. Now I had the chance for first hand training from the expert. All that was required was for Linda to convince Kathy.

Gary and I got sodas out of the fridge and tried to pretend we were not watching the two girls, huddled together on the couch. There were occasional giggles, and also occasional gasps, and I was not sure what that meant. Finally, Linda got up and came over to whisper to Gary. He gave a big grin and said, "OK, it is all set then."

We went back to the couches. Gary sat down next to Linda, and for once didn't put his hands on her knockers right away. Instead both of them looked at Kathy and me with serious expressions. Kathy came and sat on the couch next to me, but with a space of about two inches between us. She really didn't look at me, but fixed her gaze on the other couple.

Linda started it. "You know, this summer is coming to an end, and it is time for us to have all the fun we can. I think that Gary and I have the right to say that we have a lot to teach you on that subject. You both agree to let us do that, and to follow our directions to the letter?"

I said, "Absolutely!" Then I looked over at Kathy for her reaction. She stared right at Linda, and then gave a little nod. My hopes for this evening were really looking up, even if I was going to have to be a student.

"Now I want both of you to know," Linda said, "that we don't think the time is right for you to go all the way. We are going to show you how to enjoy the evening and get satisfaction anyhow. Is that all right?"

Kathy said, "Yes, that is what I agreed to." I nodded my head figuring anything I got was worth while.

"OK," Linda said. "Do you guys remember where you were?"

I laughed and said, "Of course."

"Then assume the position," Linda directed. I took Kathy in my arms again, gave her a deep kiss, and unbuttoned the three buttons she had buttoned up. I put my hand on her boob and squeezed enough to feel the nipple start to harden. Gary did the same with Linda.

"About here, I think," I said to Gary out of the side of my mouth.

"Very good," he said. "Work on that a little bit. Feel the nipple and rub it."

"And pay attention to what your tits feel, Kathy," was Linda's advice. I continued rubbing her tit through the bra,and let my hand roll over the nipple. We were deep kissing all the time and I felt her beginning to press her tit up to my hand and work her hips just a little.

"Now let your tongue probe deep, and your hand goes around her back again," was the next command from Gary. "Remember you found the bra clasp. I know I taught you how to undo those with one hand right here in this Cave. So go to it." With great skill he quickly popped Linda's clasp and I could see the fabric over her tits loosen as it was released. Far less adeptly I groped under Kathy's blouse,found the clasp and after three tries got it open.

Linda giggled and said, "Kathy, now you know things are serious. Lots of girls would stop it here. But remember this is our summer for fun. You should be getting excited, just thinking that his hand is coming to your naked boob."

Kathy had her tongue deep in my mouth as my hand caressed her naked back. But she nodded slightly and made a little sound of assent to Linda's remarks. I really wanted to grab her tits but waited for my mentor's instructions.

"Don't get grabby now, Mike," he said, "go slowly and you will both enjoy the anticipation. Let your hand creep around her side." I did that. "Now slowly bring it UNDER her breast. Just cup it lightly." I saw his hand just caress the bottom of Linda's boob gently. I tried to maintain self control as I did that, and I felt Kathy react as her soft mound entered my hand. "Go on up the boob. Spread out your thumb and fingers so they surround the nipple but don't touch it." This was so hard. And I was so hard. The nipple was just up there and I was anxious to grab it. But Gary knew what he was doing and I felt the anticipation building.

"Oh my gosh," said Linda. "It is tantalizing now. Resist the urge to pull his hand up right to that stiff nip, Kathy. Let it build." Kathy was probing deep in my mouth now and without instruction letting her hand on my thigh reach up to right below my balls. I knew she was being as turned on as I was. Our instructors really were good!

"Now," said Gary, "tease her, tease her. Take your hand off her tit and let your palm brush the nipple, lightly, ever so lightly." His hand flicked over Linda's nipples and she gave a little gasp. I followed suit, and felt the nipple delightfully hard under the light brush of my palm. Kathy tensed as she felt it.

"Your turn to let him know how much you like it," Linda said. She arched her back and pressed her big boob into Gary's rubbing hand. "Feel the pressure on your nipple and let it excite you." Kathy did as she was told. I felt her nipple press into my palm, and cupped my hand around her boob and rotated it to rub the nipple under it. She put her head back and moaned again. "Now your other nip is crying for attention," Linda went on. She turned toward Gary and his hand moved to that other beautiful big boob. Linda moaned for a moment and then went on to Kathy, "Do this carefully. You have to take your hand off his thigh so you can turn to face him more, and pull his other hand up to your other tit. Then put your other hand back on his thigh, only higher."

Kathy tried to focus and slowly followed those directions. She turned until both her naked boobs were just in my reach, and pulled my hand up so I was rubbing both tits. The nipples were reacting to my touch and were very hard. She threw her head back and closed her eyes as I nibbled on her neck.

Then Kathy's hand went back, not to my thigh but right into my crotch, over the zipper on my jeans. She had anticipated Linda's next instruction. "By now your guy has to be hard as a rock. Try rubbing it a little bit." Her hand was working hard on Gary's stiff cock through his pants. Kathy started to move her hand and my cock throbbed as I thrust my hips up to meet it. Now I was the one to give a little groan. "I know your nipples are hungry for his lips. Pull his head down just a little and he will get the idea." She only had to touch Gary's head before he started sucking her nipple avidly. Linda moaned again and threw back her head to enjoy it.

Kathy put her hand on the back of my head, and I needed no more encouragement. Eagerly my lips sought her nipples and lightly kissed each one in turn. Gary raised his head from his work long enough to say, "Remember to keep your lips over your teeth. Biting is not for now. Take the nipple in your mouth and roll it on your tongue." He returned to Linda's nipples and her closed eyes and low murmurs showed how he was doing it well. I let Kathy's nipple slip into my mouth, and tried rotating it with my tongue. I certainly was enjoying that, and Kathy wiggled her tit into my mouth further to show that she was too.

"Now the other one is crying for attention," said Linda. Gary switched nipples on her boobs, and I did the same. Kathy shifted her chest so that I could pull her nipple into my mouth and suck hard, then roll it around my tongue. It tasted so good, and my cock was throbbing now.

"OK, she is liking that on her tits," Gary said. "Now while you keep that up, let your hand slide up her thigh under her skirt." I put my hand on Kathy's thigh and felt her tense just a bit.

Even though Gary's hand was now working under her skirt and making her hips wiggle, Linda saw it too. "Relax and feel his hand on your smooth skin, Kathy. Let the feeling flow over you."

Kathy did as she was told. She spread her legs a bit so my hand could work more freely, and I stroked that soft flesh gently while still nibbling on her tits. Linda's big ones were well displayed on the other couch, but even though Kathy's were smaller they were delicious and tantalizing. Gary and I had laughed many times when he said, "All of it over a mouthful is wasted anyhow." Now I was learning what that truly meant.
