  [Edited by volunteer editor LaRacasse. Thanks for grammatical corrections but especially for comments on character development and dialogue.]



Things were looking good that summer in Missouri so long ago. My eighteenth birthday had passed and soon after that my High School Graduation. I had an acceptance letter from my college and a scholarship to take me there. I knew, as our graduation speaker said, that one portion of my life was over and a new one was opening before me. I had one last summer of freedom before starting to face the reality of the future. My plan for this final summer of carefree youth was extremely simple: girls!

All through Senior Year, Mary and I had been a couple. We declared our undying love and went steady. Basketball games, school plays, the Prom had all been great. But she was heading off to a college hundreds of miles from mine. We knew that separation was inevitable and couldn't see trying to pursue a long distance relationship in those days before email.. In a big tearful scene we both decided that we had to have our freedom. So for these last few weeks before leaving I was now officially unattached.

My thoughts were very simple. No more love for now. No more steady relationship. No more dating only one girl. Mary and I had seen "The King and I" at the theater, and I was going to follow the King's advice, "A bee flits from flower to flower." Going steady had kept me from dating other girls and there were several whom I had my eye on.

The one that kept coming to my mind was Karen. She had graduated with us, and I knew she was free this summer. She was one of those girls whose name brought knowing looks to the faces of many guys in our class. From the tales some of them told, even discounting 50%, a date with Karen would be worth remembering. They all said that she was a cock teaser, but.... I counted on that "but." Soon the date was made. I would pick her up Friday night.

The big night arrived and I went through the teen-age boy's ritual of showering, shaving, powdering myself under the arms, slapping too much sweet aftershave on my cheeks, and spending lots of time on my hair. I put on the summer uniform of a light collared shirt and jeans. I regarded myself in the mirror with considerable pride and hopped in the car.

I stopped in front of Karen's house and with a happy smile rang her bell. The door opened and there she stood. She was a slim redhead, only a bit shorter than me. She wore bright red lipstick that really emphasized the temptation of her lips. She was dressed for the hot weather. A little white cotton blouse was short enough so a bit of bare midriff showed below it. It was unbuttoned two buttons down from the top and the curve of her boobs peeked out enticingly. She was wearing a red miniskirt, short even by that summer's fashions. Her long legs were bare, and her feet were in high heeled sandals that stretched her legs into a very attractive shape. She was even more enticing than she had been in her usual school clothes of a tight skirt and tighter sweater.

"Mike," she said. "I am so happy to see you!" She reached out one hand and softly caressed my cheek.

"My gosh," I thought, "those guys who said she is a big cocktease were really right. It is starting already."

She closed the door and stepped out on the porch. "I dressed for this hot weather," she said. "Like it?" She spun around so that I could see the whole effect. Her little butt twitched in the miniskirt as she did. I was, to say the least, stunned. She turned back to face me.

"I love this new blouse," she continued. "Look what big buttons it has. Easy to work." She actually took hold of the third button, below the two already opened. She flipped it open and leaned slightly toward me, giving me a good look at swelling tits pushed up by a lacy white bra under that blouse. She giggled and said, "Think you could work the buttons that easily?" as she buttoned it up again. Here we were still standing on her porch and she was already getting me flustered and excited. I was sure it was deliberate.

We walked down the steps in her yard and like a gentleman I opened the car door for her. She stretched her long bare legs as she got into the car, and as she swung into the seat her miniskirt rode up far enough for me to see her lacy white panties that matched the bra. She looked up at me with a sly grin and I knew that she had flashed me intentionally. "Thank you for that, Mike," she said. I wondered if she meant for opening the door, or for the frankly appreciative look I had given her little show.

I went around to the driver's seat and got in, and she slid right over next to me so our hips and thighs touched. That was always a good start to a date. I put the car in gear and started off, driving carefully with both hands on the wheel. Within half a block, I felt her put her hand on my thigh halfway up. She rubbed it back and forth a bit and then coyly said, "That doesn't bother you, does it? I don't want to distract you from your driving." I gulped a bit and said, "No, no bother. I like it." She giggled and replied, "I bet you do!" This girl was going to drive me wild.

We drove the few blocks to Smitty's Drive In, where we all hung out. I pulled in and stopped and the car hop came over for our orders. As I turned to talk to her, I felt Karen's hand moving further up my thigh almost to my crotch. The car hop left, so I put my right arm around Karen's shoulders. She snuggled closer to me and I felt her turn her body slightly so her tit was rubbing against my side. 

"All our friends are here to see us, Mike. We have to be sure to have a nice talk with them." As she said that, I saw Joe and Gary walking toward us. They leaned into the window and smiled at Karen and then gave me knowing grins. Joe had dated Karen, and I know Gary had heard tales.

"Hi, Mike. Hi, Karen," said Gary.

"Hi, guys," I replied.

Karen leaned toward the window. I was sure that the guys were getting a good look down her blouse, and also noticing her hand at the top of my thigh. "You guys got dates tonight?" she asked.

"Sure," said Gary. "Linda and I are still together."

"And I have a date with Charlotte," said Joe.

Karen laughed at that. "Wow, the two girls in our class with the biggest tits. Are you sure you guys don't have your hands full tonight?" There she was with the teasing again. Both guys laughed and Gary stuck a hand out and wiggled the fingers.

Irrepressibly, Karen went on, "Well, just remember, anything over a mouthful is wasted!" She thrust out her enticing tits in that thin blouse and we all laughed. Of course, the guys said that to each other all the time, but I had never heard a girl venture into that territory before. My thoughts for this evening kept expanding.

We continued to banter with my friends. As we did, I could feel Karen's hand creeping further up my thigh, right into my crotch. I sort of put my arm into the window hoping the guys were not seeing what I was feeling. Of course I was as hard as a rock right now, and Karen started to softy rub the front of my jeans. I found myself babbling responses to the guys as my mind could not go anywhere but to my stiff dick.

Then I heard Karen say, "It's really hard, isn't it, Mike?" 

I couldn't believe she said that so I only responded with, "What?"

"It's really hard to believe that in a couple of weeks we will all be off at different colleges with new friends, isn't it?" she said. 

"Oh, yes," I stammered, and looking at her dancing eyes realized that she had managed to tease me again. 

Joe and Gary both gave me knowing looks, and Joe said, "Well, since it is so hard we had better leave you two alone." The guys walked off chuckling.

Karen took the opportunity to lean into me and give me a quick brushing kiss, just letting her lips move over mine. Then she sat back down, leaning toward me so her tit pushed against my chest a bit. Her hand was still resting on my cock, but not moving now. This girl was one of the finest cockteasers I had ever run into!

"Where shall we go?" I asked.

"We don't need to go anyplace. My folks went to the Elks Club party tonight. They won't be home til very late. Why don't you come at my house? I mean, come TO my house," she invited. The thought that what she said first was a real invitation, and not just a tease, hit my mind. I didn't need any urging. We drove back to her house, and on the way I let my arm around her shoulders creep down until my hand was resting on her boob. Her hand continued to rub my crotch, and I was finding it very hard to concentrate on my driving. I was glad when we reached her house.

Again I gallantly opened the door for her, keeping an eye on that miniskirt as I did. She stuck one leg out of the car, letting the skirt ride up so the thin white cloth over her pussy was exposed. As she hesitated a minute, her eyes met mine and sparkled. She swung the other leg out and said, "I have to be careful in this little skirt. But you didn't see anything important, did you, Mike?"

I tried to think of something to say. "Just looking you in the eyes is important to me, Karen," I tried. 

She laughed at that, and standing up and leaning into me so her boobs pressed my chest, she lightly caressed my cheek. "I like you," she said. "You really are a dear. Well, you will soon see what is important." Again with the teasing hints. I was looking forward to this.

As we entered her living room I couldn't wait any longer. I took her in my arms and pressed close to her and greedily kissed those red lips. I could feel her tits pressing my chest and she rubbed them back and forth a bit. I reached my hand down to her ass to press her into my crotch, but she grabbed that hand and pulled away from me. 

"Oh, my, this nice boy suddenly becomes all hands." she protested. "Don't be in such a hurry. I want you to know that I am in charge here!"

I tried for a minute to figure out what that meant. Were my high hopes for the evening going to come to nothing, after all?

"Now you just be a good boy and sit down on the couch. Remember that I am going to show you what is important here?" Puzzled, I agreed and took a comfortable seat.

"This is going to be an evening to remember after we both go away to college," she said. "But you will only enjoy it if you do what I say, you see?"

I didn't quite see, but I thought it was best to agree.

"Put your hands on the couch, and spread out your legs," she ordered me. 

She put her hands on my thighs to show me how she wanted me positioned. I was leaning back on the cushions slightly, and my crotch was pulled out toward her as she stood between my legs. With her hands still on my thighs she leaned in toward me. Those two unbuttoned buttons gapped slightly and I got a good look at the pink mounds spilling out of her bra. Her lips brushed mine lightly. I returned the kiss. It continued, and I felt her tongue come out to brush my lips. I returned the tongue action just a bit. I was really starting to heat up, and I raised my hands off the couch and took her shoulders.

"Ah, ah!" she said. She pulled back from me and stood up straight. "Did I tell you to touch anything? Remember I am in charge here. Put your hands back on the couch!"

She had a big grin on her face as she said this, so I realized she was not mad, but still teasing. I started to understand her game now, so I obediently put my hands down. She swayed forward between my legs again. This time one of her legs pressed against my crotch as she leaned in to kiss me. Brushing lips, then touching tongues, but she did not let me thrust my tongue into her mouth. Instead she pulled back again.

"Remember these big buttons, Mike? They are so easy to open." She fingered the third button on her blouse, and then popped it open. Slowly she pulled the neck of the blouse open and most of her lacy white bra was visible, pushing her tits up beautifully. She danced in between my legs again and leaned forward so I got the whole show. One hand went down to caress my crotch. She put her lips to my ear and whispered to me, "Can't you undo the next one?"

I was delighted to get permission to participate. I brought my hands up and indeed found it easy to open the next to the last button. Those lace covered boobs were now almost fully on display, and naturally my hands reached out for them. I touched the lace on the bra lightly.

"No, no!" Karen laughed, and once again moved away from me. She stood there with her blouse almost totally open and her boobs peeking through the lace. She put her hands on her hips and threw back her shoulders, but she said, "It isn't touching time...yet!"

This was definitely cockteasing at its best now. My hard rod was throbbing inside my jeans. She looked down at it and laughingly said, "Is it really that hard – to think of leaving here?" 

The only answer I could think of was to say, "Yes, it is really hard!" Then I wiggled my hips a bit, rubbing my stiff cock against my pants slightly. Karen laughed at that.

Once again she moved in between my legs, and dropped down to her knees. Her blouse opened a bit more and she put both hands on my dick through my pants. She rubbed up and down several times. "Girls are lucky that it is so easy to control a boy," she commented. "I just rub here and you will do whatever I say, won't you?"

I gave a soft moan and nodded my head. Karen stood up again. She unbuttoned the last button on her blouse so it opened fully showing her boobs in that lace bra. "Take this corner," she said, holding out a bottom corner to me. Then she spun away and shrugged the blouse off her shoulders, leaving me holding it by one corner and her back toward me. The white strap of the bra crossed her bare back, and the red miniskirt caressed her ass. It barely covered her, and below it her long bare legs were spread a bit. She put her hands on her hips and bent slightly forward so the cheeks of her ass were tantalizingly visible with only the lacy white cloth of her panties covering them. She waggled her butt and gave a soft laugh.

She backed toward me and sat down in my lap. She adjusted her miniskirt carefully so it rode up a bit and left the lace covered cheeks of her ass right on my cock, which twitched on contact. "What is that?" she giggled. "Do you have a mouse in your pocket?" She rubbed her butt back and forth slowly, then reached down and took both hands and brought them up to her tits. "Do they feel like more than a mouthful, Mike?" she taunted. I could feel her nipples hard under the lace, and rolled them between my fingers. She moaned slightly and writhed in my lap. My cock was getting hotter and hotter.

I continued rubbing her boobs, and pulled her back into me so that my cock rubbed the crack between her lace covered ass cheeks. I thrust up toward her and she wiggled her butt enough to drive me wild again. I put my head down and kissed her neck hungrily, squeezing her nipples as I did so. She moaned slightly again.

Then she pulled my hands off her boobs and danced away again. Still with her back to me she unzipped the miniskirt and let it fall. The moons of her ass gazed at me under their covering of lace. She twitched her hips forward and clenched the cheeks several times. Then she turned toward me and repeated the bump and grind movement. My eyes were fastened on the mound of her pussy with only a light lacy covering of her panties. I could see a spot of dampness starting on it and realized that teasing me was the way she turned herself on.

Her eyes laughed as she danced toward me again. This time she straddled one of my legs, and planted her pussy right on my thigh. Her leg rubbed against my cock and she put her arms around me and pulled my face into her cleavage. She wiggled her boobs back and forth across my face, and then leaned down and began to kiss me. This time her tongue was busy and probed into my mouth right away. She pressed against me, rubbing me all over and letting her tongue dance in my mouth. Once again, my hands came up off the couch and reached for her ass to pull it in toward me.

But as soon as my hands touched her, she pulled away again. She moved several feet back and stood there in only her lacy bra and panties. "Naughty, naughty!" she said. "I still didn't say you could touch, did I?"

I groaned and shook my head. I had expected an evening of teasing but this girl was really keeping me on the edge.

Once again her eyes danced with glee. Then staring me in the eyes, she put her hands behind her back and undid her bra. Still with that mischievous grin she put an arm across her boobs, and then pulled the bra straps down one by one. Slowly she worked the bra out from under her arm and let it fall to the floor. Her tits were peeking out from behind her arm in a delicious way. The other hand came up, and as the arm slid away from one breast the hand cupped it. The other hand moved to the other breast and she stood there dressed only in her panties, but with both tits still held in her hands.

She danced back in between my legs again. Laughing, she quoted a Beatles song, "I Want to Hold Your Hand!" I reached out a hand to her, and she dropped one hand off a boob and took mine, holding it between us. Her tit was perfect, not large and drooping but beautifully round and perky, with a pink nipple standing erect and pointing slightly upward. I gave a little gasp and she squeezed my hand.

"Will you hold my other hand, too?" she asked with a grin. Of course I was all too willing to do so. I reached up my other hand, but she dropped the one she was holding and placed her hand back on her boob, then extended the other hand to me. Now I was still looking at only one boob. Karen laughed at that. Then quickly she began swapping hands, turning her chest so first one naked nipple and then the other was thrust toward me.

"Pick one, Mike! Pick one! Which do you like best?" she demanded.

I was befuddled and speechless. They were both such beautiful things that I had no intention of choosing between them.

But she continued, "Quickly, Mike, which one?"

I pointed a finger to her quivering right boob just as she uncovered it. Instantly she swarmed into my crotch, pressing herself against my dick and thrust the right boob up to my mouth. She rubbed the nipple back and forth against my lips a couple of times before I had the sense to open them and suck it into my mouth. She gasped a little as I did, and pressed closely into me.

I rolled the nipple around on my tongue, then opened my mouth a bit more and sucked in as much of her tit as my mouth would hold. She giggled again and said a bit breathlessly, "You see, I told you it was more than a a mouthful!"

This girl continued to amaze me with her teasing. Most of the sex I had gotten in high school had been the typical groping in the back seat, and was conducted in strained silence. I was getting a big kick out of Karen's sense of humor, and it was definitely turning me on!

Soon she pulled that tit out of my mouth and pressed the other one against my lips. As I rolled that nipple around with my tongue I felt her hands unbuttoning my shirt. She pushed my shirt off my shoulders and slid down so that her naked boobs were rubbing against my chest, and her lips again met mine. Her tongue pushed into my mouth. By now my cock was twitching wildly, but I was mindful of her methods, and was sure to keep my hands flat on the couch so she would not pull away.

She began to work downward with her kisses, first on my neck, then my shoulders, and then caressing my nipples with her tongue. Down she went, and her boobs rubbed across my stomach. As her probing tongue tickled my nipple her soft breasts were in my crotch. I strained upward against them but after a couple of rubs she backed off again and stood up.

Naked but for her panties, she once again gave me that laughing look. One finger came out, and traced up and down the fly of my jeans. "It is so funny," she murmured. "Why do you suppose it is called the fly? Shall we see what flies out of it?" Gently she rubbed, tantalizing my stiff cock with that one finger. Then she went to the button of my jeans and opened it, and worked the zipper slowly down. My cock pressed hard against my white briefs and throbbed in front of her eyes.
