 There goes the ringing again. He grudgingly throws the pillow over his head hopefully to drown out the ringing and hopefully whoever was ringing his door bell will go away eventually leaving him in peace to return to his sleep again on this Sunday morning. No such luck! Whoever was at front of his door was quite persistent in ruining his late sleep-in. Blearily he makes his way downstairs and wrenched open the door intending to give the person a piece of his mind. 

What he saw took his breath away and woke him up completely from his slumbering mind! The creature standing in front of his door looking up at him was an absolute stunner! Not very tall about 5' 3" compare to his 6'5" frame. A mass of unruly red hair pulled up into a messy bun. Big blue sexy eyes with long curly eyelashes. A pert slightly upturned nose. Rosy cheeks and those luscious pouty lips! God, the frock she was wearing was so tight and sexy on her. The word (Hayden's milk) was boldly splashed across her chest. Her tits gotta be at least 38DD. It pushed her tits so tight together that a deep valley was formed. A nice tiny waist and a pair of shapely legs peeked out from her short frock too! The goddess in front of him gave him the brightest smile.

"Good morning! You must be Mr. Jeffrey Robinson. I am Jenna, your new temporary milkmaid. Mrs. March had an accident three days back and broke her left leg so she won't be delivering any milk for a while at least and I am here to replace her till she is ready again." She gushes at him in a singsong voice with enthusiasm. Meanwhile he was still too stunned with this sex-oozed creature that he was lost for words and his mind has wandered off far far away fantasizing about those knockers and what he would love to do to them!

"Mr. Robinson?" Jenna cooed at him questioningly.

He snapped back to reality. "Sorry, I am err... still half asleep. So you have no idea when Mrs. March will be back delivering milk?"

"Probably in about 2 or 3 months time, depending on how fast her bones heal. By the way I am really sorry I woke you up from your sleep but I need you to sign here to verify that you have met and acknowledge me as your temporary milkmaid. It's for the office record." She gave him a big sexy smile again. He was floored. Suddenly that gave him a thought. A very wicked thought indeed.

"Sure, I will sign it. Come in to the living room while I get my pen and also I need to return you the empty bottles. I forgot to place it all outside the front door last night. By the way you have any more rounds to do after me?" He asked of her.

Jenna checked the pad she was holding. "No sir, you are the last for this morning." She beamed up at him.

"Ok, come on in."

"Let me get your supply of milk first Mr. Robinson. That will be half a dozen right?" 

"Sure is." He muttered and eyed her ass lasciviously. 

Jeffrey was never lack of girls with his kind of look. He may not be of movie star material but he knows that he is one good-looking guy. He works out daily at the local gym and his physique was absolutely to die for. Thick black wavy shoulder-length hair which women loved to run their fingers through. A pair of deep-set brown eyes that narrowed seductively when he was in one of his sexy mood like now. And his ass was firm and tight. Right now he was only wearing a pair of loose sleeping pyjamas bottom without the top, which bares his upper torso for all to see. He could see that the new milkmaid was giving him a few more look than necessary too. He watched her sexy round, juicy bottom sashayed to the milk van and retrieved a six-pack. . When she bends down he caught a glimpse of a pair of silky white panties, which immediately make his cock stood rigid at attention. Already it had sprung to life earlier when he first laid eyes on her and now his cock is positively rock hard seeing her cute bottom in those white panties.

He waited for her to enter the door and closed it with a click. He went to get a pen, sign the pad and asked her to wait while he went to get the empty milk bottles. A moment later he called out to her. "Jenna, could you come in and give me a helping hand. I actually had more than half a dozen empty bottles to return instead. Oh, by the way bring in the fresh milk."

Jenna took the new 6 packs and walked into the kitchen. She pushed open the kitchen door and look in but he was nowhere to be seen. On the floor near the fridge was 8 empty milk bottles. She went over to the fridge and bends down to take the empty bottles when suddenly she was grabbed from behind. 

"What are you doing Mr. Robinson? Let go of me!" She screamed and trying to wriggle out of his grip at the same time.

"Not so fast. Not until I taste the fresh milk to determine if they are really fresh." He whispered in her ears raggedly.

"Stop it! You are going to rape me, aren't you?"

"Not if you submit to me willingly." He began to rub his hard-rock length at her ass. His right hand has snaked into her frock and to his great delight she was braless. He began to pinched at her nipples lightly while his other hand has gone underneath her frock and was rubbing her mound through her panties. She moaned softly.

"You like that don't you, my little slutty milkmaid?" He breathed into her ear. 

"No! I don't want it!" Jenna countered but her voice was quivering.

"No? Then tell me why do you go braless delivering milk and that frock is far too short. What were you thinking? Or is that some kind of your fantasy that you will get laid while doing your rounds delivering milk?"

"No, I usually don't wear a bra cos it's so tight and makes it hard to breathe. And since this frock is rather thick I thought no one would notice if I don't wear a bra so I took it off before I make my rounds. It's still in the van!" She explained. 

But deep down in her heart she knew what he said was quite true. It was one of her fantasy to be ravished in a milkmaid frock. When Mrs. March whom was also her immediate next-door neighbour called her to ask if she was willing to help out in delivering milk since she broke her leg and since she can't find other replacement, Jenna had jumped at the chance, besides she could do with some extra cash to pay for her college fees. She was rather disappointed when doing her first round this first morning of hers in delivering milk when most of them were either too old or were kids or grumpy housewives that glared at her while their husbands lusted after her. Finally when she came to the last house, which on her pad says Jeffrey Robinson, aged 32, single that piqued her interest to find out more.

When the owner of the house opened his door, she almost fainted at the sight that greeted her. He was good-looking! And he was topless! She eyed him appreciatively. A nice tanned complexion with nice broad chest that tapered down to a six-packs of his own and following lower to a loosely hung pyjamas bottom that was dangerously on the verge of falling off his narrow waist. She could feel the heat began to gather between her legs. And so when he asked her to follow him in to the house on the pretext of getting a pen to sign the pad she agreed immediately. She wants to find out if anyone else lived in the house and of course to find out if her fantasy would come true. His house was well kept and very stylish which bespoke a man of taste and best of all no other females to be seen.

While she waited in the living room she was fantasizing how his big hands would be like to run all over her body and how she would shudder when his sensuous lips met hers. She snapped out of her reverie when she heard him calling her to the kitchen to pick up the empty bottles. Well I guess he was a gentleman alright, she mused. But when she got into the kitchen and was suddenly grabbed from behind she panic and decided her fantasy might turn into a nightmare. What if this guy is a psycho? What if she really gotten raped but killed also? He was rough but also underneath that roughness was gentleness too.

"So what is it gonna be? Do I have to rape you or are you willingly gonna submit?" he asked of her. Her heart was thumping very fast now and already she felt herself getting very wet.

"Just don't hurt me, please." She pleaded with him.

He growled into her ear. "Ah you are a vixen. How many men have you seduced on the way here?"

"None! How dare you suggest otherwise?" She glared at him.

"Good, that means we can have a lot of fun. Now turnaround and drop your frock slowly." He let go of her and took a seat at the dining chair.

Slowly she turnaround and eased her frock off her shoulder. Her creamy voluptuous breasts came into view and she heard his sharp intake of breath at the sight of her. She let the frock dropped to the floor and was now standing there only in her tiny silky white panties.

"Come sit on the table here." He commanded her. He pushed back his chair so she could sit directly in front of him on the dining table. Her tits directly staring at him in the face.

"Put your feet up on either side of my chair." By this time his cock was almost screaming for release but he wanted to play with her first. She was absolutely hot and gorgeous. Her tits were perfect. Nicely rounded, creamy and top with raspberry nipples.

"Good girl." His voice was hoarse. He placed his big hands on her tits and began to knead them. Oh it was so soft yet so firm it thrusts out of her chest. She was heaving heavily. Then he captured one raspberry nipple and began to suckle on it which makes her threw her head back and arched her back bringing her closer to him. He suckled her for a couple of minutes and said "Hmm... that taste good but I bet it will taste better with some milk, don't you think so? Now lie down on the table."

He made a grab for a fresh bottle of milk and pop it open. Then he used a cloth to clean the bottle opening and pour some of the cold milk on her tits. Immediately he bent forward and began to lick the milk off her tits while his other hand knead the other. She moaned loudly. It was so erotic. Then he drank some of the milk but did not swallow it. He bent forward once again but this time he let it dribble out of his mouth into hers and she open her mouth to drink the milk. His mouth danced over hers and they kissed hungrily and noisily slurping each other. Jenna was so turned on now that her hand was massaging her panties clad cunt. He saw what she was doing and smacked her hand away.

"I did not give you permission to touch yourself." She looked at him and whimpered. "But I never said I am not going to touch you." He smiled at her lasciviously licking his lips hungrily.

He went back to the edge of the table where her bottom was and sat down on the chair. Now her panties clad crotch is directly in his face. He could see the damp patch on her panties and knew she must be very wet by now. He bent forward to lick her cunt through her panties and she made a soft mewling sound. God! She tasted fucking good. One taste of her is not enough. Roughly he lifted her bottom and pulled her panties off her completely baring her clean-shaven sweet tasting cunt to his hungry eyes and mouth. He buried his whole face into her cunt and rubbed lustily at her. Her wetness clung all over his face. While he was deliciously assaulting her cunt down here she was pulling on her nipples up there. Her moans getting louder and unconsciously she says, "Oh yes, please suck my cunt." She was so fucking hot! His tongue charged in and out of her fuck-hole determined to taste every inch of her and then swirled around her clit. Flattening his tongue, he swiped her from top to bottom and back up. She was squirming vigorously pushing her cunt more into his face. He then French kissed her cunt while his tongue piston in and out of her hot-hole. Suddenly he lifted his face off her cunt and smiled. She looked at him dreamily and frustratedly. "What are you doing? Please... I need to cum." She begged of him imploringly.

"Not so fast sweetie, you taste so good, I intend to keep on eating you out till I am satisfied. Now lie still, I have something better for you."

"Wha...what are you going to do?"

There was a gleam in his eyes. He got up from the chair and retrieved the bottle of milk. "Has anyone ever drink milk out of your sweet cunt?" Jeffrey asked of Jenna. She shook her head indicating no.

"Well, this morning I am going to do just that. That way I will know if your milk is really fresh. And make no mistake about it. If it's not you will be punished you understand?" Jenna could only nod. She was wondering how he was going to get milk into her cunt which it did not take long to find out. Jeffrey pulled her bottom almost all off the edge of the table but still left her dangling while he angled the opening of the bottle into her tight cunt. She gasped at the invasion of the bottle in her fuck-hole. Then he tilted the bottle up slightly and watched as the milk slowly empty into her tunnel. Jenna shuddered deliciously as the cool milk slid into her. Very carefully Jeffrey slid the milk bottle out of her cunt and immediately latch on to her snatch drawing out the milk drinking it so as not to waste it. He slurped on her fuck-hole again and again while his tongue piston in and out of her. Jenna was getting more turned on than ever and thrashed about trying to push her cunt deeper into Jeffrey's fantastic talented long tongue. Her hands curled into his hair pushing him on deep into the cunny.

"Fuck, I wanna cum so badly Jeffrey. Oooh... ahhh... oh fuck, tongue me! Tongue me!" She screamed loudly as she cum into Jeffrey's hungry mouth. More milk gushes out of her fuck-hole laced with her juices as Jeffrey lapped them all up cleaning her up until she glistened again. By this time Jenna's legs has gave way and dangled weakly from the table. Her nipples were so elongated, hard and red as she has pinched herself when her passion was at its peak.

"Hmm...I must say the milk really taste absolutely fresh but I am not finish yet." Jeffrey announced to her. She can only look at him with half-closed passion filled eyes. She was still panting away trying to catch her breath after her intense orgasm. Jeffrey took the balance of the milk and poured it into her while he pulled down his pyjamas bottom. His huge rigid cock standing upright at attention waiting for some action now. Just as quickly he pull the bottle off Jenna's tight cunt and quickly grabbed her ass pushed her slightly back onto the table and slammed his meat into her. 

"Oh fuck, damn, you are so fucking hot and tight. Thought the milk will cool your hole but I'll be damn it's still boiling hot inside." Jeffrey closed his eyes and fucked Jenna's hard and fast. With the milk and Jenna's own natural juice her tunnel was so slicked and as Jeffrey slammed into her, the milk squished out making a puddle on the table and dripped down to the floor. A purring sound came from below the table and Jeffrey opened his eyes to look down to see his cat licking up the spilt milk, which turns him on even more.

"Oh fuck, my cat is drinking up your milk. Must really taste good. Remind me to order more milk from your company. 

Jenna was writhing underneath him making her own purring sound. Her tight cunt wrapped around his hard cock so tight that if without the milk and just her own juice would make it really impossible to move in and out of her so easily. "Oh yes Jeffrey fuck me good please...hmmm... harder! Oh fuck harder!

She slammed her hips up to meet him thrust for thrust. Jeffrey could not hold on any longer. He gave one huge lunge and came spurting into her tight fuck-hole while Jenna cum again underneath him squeezing his big cock. Jeffrey still lie on top of Jenna while his cock twitched inside her fuck-hole savoring the aftermath of spasms.

"Hmm... thanks for making my fantasy come true Jeffrey." Jenna purred to him.

"So I was right, that was your fantasy huh?"

She could only nod dreamily.

"Well, you ain't seen nothing yet my slutty milkmaid." Jeffrey gave her a devilish grinned and pulled out of her fuck-hole. Then he bent down and sucked on her cunt again! Her eyes popped open wide at his action and could only moaned in pleasure.

"Put your legs on my shoulder sweetie." He urged her. She did as she was told. He grabbed her ass and pulled her deeper into his mouth sucking out their mingled juices and what's left of the milk in her. She moaned and writhed wantonly on his mouth. God! She thought, she has never been eaten out so thoroughly and so long too!

"Let me taste too Jeffrey please." She pleaded with him.

Jeffrey climbed up and poured some of their shared juices in his mouth into hers and she drank thirstily. Their mouth fused together sharing the juices while kissing sloppily. Jeffrey repeated the process a few more times, which by then Jenna's thigh has gripped the side of his head as she cums hard again screaming on top of her lungs. His cock was rock hard once again. He waited for her orgasm to subside, got up and slammed inside Jenna's hot fuck-hole once more screwing her with all his might. After working her for a while he pulled off her and turned her around making her lie on her stomach with her ass sticking out. He worked his huge pole into her fuck-hole again screwing her from behind this time and got a good view of his pole working in and out of her fuck-hole. Jenna pushed back into his cock while he pushed forward. Jeffrey reach for a new bottle of milk popped it open and dribble some milk on his cock all the while fucking Jenna. The sensation was gloriously satisfying and sexy. Very soon Jeffrey spurted his second round of spunk into our slutty milkmaid. His hot cum combine with the cold milk splashed into her womb and triggered another sensational round of orgasm in Jenna. She almost bucked Jeffrey off. Both was heaving and panting heavily. Sweats pouring out from every orifice of their bodies.

"That was absolutely fantastic, Jenna. Remind me to write to your company what good service you provide and the milk is super fresh. I gather I will be seeing you sooner than next Sunday cos I am running out of milk pretty fast here now."

"Hmm... I suppose so too. No wonder you grew up big and strong must have been drinking lots of milk ever since you were young." Jenna countered. Jeffrey extricated himself from her and she went to put on her frock. Just as she was about to reach for her panties, Jeffrey's hand shot out and grabbed it from her.

"I will be keeping them." He brought it to his nose and inhaled her sweet scent and then took a lick at the now dried patch. "I will see you next Thursday and no panties and bra or else..." He told her menacingly. He pulled Jenna into his arms and gave her a long kiss before sending her out the door. Jenna climbed into her milk van, gave him a seductive wink before driving off. He could not wait for next Thursday to come fast enough.