 Winding down from the peaks we had just climbed we slowly adjust our clothing and wordlessly pick up the basket and blanket. Hand in hand we walk back towards the beach to enjoy our picnic. I am content knowing that we are sexually compatible. I wasn't planning to be intimate with you. Yet I know it is the first of many very hot and soul shattering times to come.

You spread the blanket, while I lay out the food to enjoy. Sitting next to the tree that is beside our blanket you lean against it and then you draw me down to sit in between your legs and pull me back against your chest. Not knowing what to say or do, I just relax and decide to eat. By the time we finish eating and get to desert, I am feeling less shy and want to see how receptive you'd be to more. I decide to give my mouth to you for your pleasure. I want you to experience the joy and rush I had felt just moments ago. Knowing I am inexperienced in giving oral pleasure I hope I can imitate the things I'd seen in the movie I'd watched late at night in the privacy of my room.

Slowly I turn to you and begin to kiss your chin and neck working up to your lips, I draw first one lip then the other into my mouth and suck on them using gentle pressure. Then I part your lips with my tongue and begin kissing you fully and notice how your breathing is becoming very shallow and labored. Then I work back down your chest slowly licking and biting my way to each of your nipples which I suck into my mouth and mimic the movements used on my clit just a short time ago. You are stunned but happy to let me pleasure you for the time being. I work down to the hardening bulge in your trunks and grasp it firmly, wanting to test the weight and size, I know I'm going to be giving you pleasure but want to draw it out as long as possible. I want to see it, as so far, I have only felt it between my dew-covered thighs. 

I motion for you to lift your hips so I can rid you of the shorts and get to the prize I seek. Once again I start kissing your lips and letting my body run over ours feeling the differences, your hard chest against my soft stomach, I move lower and lick my way to your waist, where I spend time just kissing, licking and moving lower to the firm cock now jutting up from the juncture of your thighs. Taking it in hand, I start at the base and lick bottom to top, sucking the head into my mouth and licking the rim to get you wet with my mouth. Then I lick back to the base, and up again. This time centering my attention on the point just below the head on the underside of your thickness. Nipping and sucking, I once again suck you into my mouth and move my mouth to cover as much as I can comfortably fit in my warm moist hole. You are amazed and start to feel the pressure of the pleasure I am building for you, as I slide back to the tip and begin to swallow you again. As I come up for air I decide I want to pleasure the sac hanging low beneath your hard erection. I nip my way down and slowly lick the balls that until now had gone unattended. First one then the other I suck them into my mouth and apply gentle pressure thru suction. I want to make you feel like I am trying to suck the come out thru your scrotum.

You begin moaning and shifting your hips up, effectively humping my face. I can tell your close and that I am pleasing you.

Knowing I may not have much time, I give all I can. I move back to the head of your cock and start the steady pressure of sucking it into my mouth. Back to the back of my throat and I begin to try swallowing you. I start to feel you swell, knowing you will cum any minute I suck hard once, twice and then I move my hand to your shaft and start a steady pumping action as I lick the head of your cock, I wind my tongue into the little slit at the top and tickle it gently as I wait. I don't have a long wait until I feel you explode. Hitting me in the face and covering me with your white, hot jism. It hits me full in the center of my face; I can feel its heat and the thickness as it starts to run along the contours of my face. Gasping for air, you try to gather wits and decide how to get me to do that again soon. You can't believe I did that. I slowly lower my mouth back to your cock and begin to lick it top to bottom, cleaning the remnants from your hard cock.

More later