 He sank into the seat of his little Cavalier, took a deep breath, and started the engine. After a long day at the office - a fitting end to a difficult week, Nate was ready for an escape. Thoughts of his wife filled his mind and a small smile settled on his face. As he settled in for a lengthy drive home, he pulled out his cell phone and scrolled to his home number. With any luck, Alisha would be as anxious to enjoy a night with him as he was to enjoy a night with her. 

The phone rang a couple of times before her familiar voice came up. "Hello?" It was a greeting he knew all too well. Though Alisha was not a fan of talking on the phone, she certainly enjoyed his calls. Though random calls throughout the day made her heart skip a beat, the calls at the end of the day were almost as good. He was headed home and she, once again, would be in the arms of her best friend. 

"Hey Sweetheart. I'm on my way home. How's your day been?" The conversation was usually similar enough it could be scripted. But something was different today. The script changed almost immediately when Alisha responded shyly. 

"My day's gone well. Mikey's had a good day... But he won't be joining us this evening. Tim and Bev offered one more night with him, so I dropped him off this afternoon. I thought you and I could spend an evening together... if you know what I mean." Her voice had a sensuality that sent shivers all the way down to Nate's crotch. Yes, he knew exactly what she meant. 

"Well, that certainly makes my day a lot better. Did you have something specific planned?" 

"Not exactly. I thought maybe we could pick up a movie, cuddle up, and see where things go from there." As a matter of fact, Alisha did have a few more specifics in mind. A seductive black negligee laid out on their bed and she was already wearing a thong under her jeans - a steady reminder of how turned on she'd been all day. In fact, if she wasn't mistaken, that thong was already becoming damp. 

Nate's mind began swirling with ideas. The dullness of a day at the office had now subsided. His slight grin had now become a huge smile. "I have another idea, if you're up for an adventure." A twinge of mystery laced his statement. 

"You know me, Nate. I'm always up for an adventure. But you'd better realize you've got a wife who can't wait to see you back at home." 

"Well, tell me what you think then. It's a quarter after five right now. I'll pick you up at six-o-clock sharp. We're going to make a night of this. Pick a dress out for tonight, and pack a suitcase for both of us. I'll let your imagination figure out what you need to pack. Plan on a nice restaurant and an even better hotel. I'll talk to you at six." And with that, Nate hung up the phone. Alisha felt a huge surge of excitement as the line went silent. Part of her wanted to call Nate back and get more details, but she had a lot of work to do before six! 

But still in his car, so did Nate. What a sudden change to a rough day! Sorting out his task list in his head, he started with a phone call to a local hotel. "Hello, I was wondering if you had any rooms available for tonight. Yes. Well, what do you have with a hot tub? Oh you don't? That's too bad." A pause. "Yes, I'd still like a room. Yes, one night." And after a few more arrangements, the room was set. 

Meanwhile, Alisha set to work in the bedroom. The negligee would have to wait now, but hopefully not for too long. Why a dress? She wanted Nate to come and rip her clothes off, not put different clothes on. But maybe this was a blessing in disguise. If she had to wait to feel his hard penis fill her vagina, she could at least tease him about it for a while. 

Alisha grabbed a suitcase and tossed it on the bed. One night, the standards. Underwear, a bra, jeans, a nice sweater, and a couple long-sleeved shirts. Similarly, some clothes for Nate. And swimsuits - she couldn't forget those. She tossed in Nate's suit, and reached for her black one-piece. She put it back in the drawer, though. Tonight she was going to be bold. Tonight was a bikini. She had a bikini Nate knew nothing about, and tonight she was going to use it. Holding it in her hands, she imagined for a moment sitting in the hot tub, the bubbles tickling her breasts, and her foot pressing Nate's hard cock against his stomach, and not a thing he could do about it. Yes, it was time for the bikini. 

Alisha packed up the rest of the essentials and put the suitcase by the door. Returning to the bedroom, she picked out her favorite dress. With the right bra, there would be enough cleavage that she'd notice her husband's eyes constantly drifting down from her face. She loved the way he loved her body. She quickly removed her jeans and top, changed her bra, and dropped the dress over her head. As she righted herself, her now damp thong shifted and reminded her again of its existence. For a moment she considered removing it, but by now it only fueled the desire: for sex, for this evening, for her lover, for Nate. Yes, this would be a grand evening. 

Nate's heart continued racing as he continued his trip home. The suit and tie that had moments earlier seemed like a noose suddenly gave him new life. It hadn't escaped his attention that his penis had now softened, but his boxers were becoming damper by the minute. He partly hoped Alisha was excited about the adventure, and even more wanted to enjoy her incredible body. Thoughts of her beautiful breasts, caressing her perfect skin, and the delight of being inside her ran through his mind like a slow-motion movie. 

75 miles-an-hour. He'd better slow down before a cop car wrecked everything. He would soon be home, and this dream would become reality. 

Nate pulled the car into his driveway and walked casually to the front door. After walking in, he saw the suitcase sitting on the floor and a smile crept onto his face. Alisha, still in the bathroom, sprayed a touch of cologne on her neck as she heard Nate enter the house. "Hey Sweetheart! I'm in here. Could I get some help?" She picked up her necklace and double checked her face in the mirror. Nate walked in the bathroom and spent a brief moment enjoying his wife's gorgeous body. 

"What can I do for you?" Without a word, Alisha handed him the two ends of her necklace, beneath her dangling earrings. Equally quiet, Nate simply fastened the necklace, kissed the back of her neck softly, and whispered, "Let's go." Alisha's hair was up - a rare occurrence, and Nate loved the way the jewelry highlighted her incredible neck. Before walking out, Nate ran his hands down Alisha's sides, shaping her hourglass body before sliding backwards off her butt. Alisha held back a chuckle, recognizing that Nate's fingertips paused for a split second under her perky breasts. She also knew his eyes had looked down her dress through the mirror at least twice. Once, when she leaned forward to give him a better view. 

Picking up the suitcase, Nate led his wife out to the car. He dropped the luggage in the back seat and opened the front door for his bride. She smiled sweetly and got in. He was always the perfect gentleman, though it never got old. 

The first several minutes of the trip were awkwardly silent. The radio played quietly in the background, but both were consumed with thoughts of what the evening might bring. Alisha listened again to the radio. "Let's Make Love," if she wasn't mistaken. Normally this music seemed over the top, but tonight her mind echoed. "Yes, my lover. Take me to a hotel room and let's make love. Take me all night long, and take me again." She suddenly snapped back to reality. The reality was that she was stepping beyond damp; she was getting downright wet. Hoping Nate couldn't notice, she crossed her legs inside her dress and smoothed out the fabric. She glanced over, thankful that Nate was pretty focused on driving. 

Or so she thought. As a matter of fact, he was running through several ideas for the evening. Dinner was inevitable, but his mind was already beyond that. A hot tub, a warm bed, a fire place, and Alisha. He was certain he could get drunk simply thinking about his foxy wife. The rest of the world saw her as a meek, quiet girl. But he knew better. He'd unlocked a passion reserved only for him, and he knew well how to find it. But what was that he smelled? She'd worn cologne, and he found it a huge turn-on. As a matter of fact, practically everything about his wife tonight was a turn-on. He glanced over, hoping she hadn't noticed the growing bulge in his black pants, or the growing wet spot beneath his belt. 

His glance became a stare, though, as he noticed the cleavage. A tinge of guilt set in, and he quickly rose to her face. He'd been caught, and he knew it. She knew it too, and they both giggled a little. "You like it, don't you?" Alisha pushed her breasts up with her hands, taunting him with even more skin. "You can look, hon, but you can't touch!" She winked; he grinned. 

"Touch? Girl, I'm going to do a lot more than touch. You just wait." 

They both looked forward, and the car fell into near silence once more. As the passion settled just a bit, Alisha uncrossed her legs, but kept them together. She was a perfect lady, after all, right? Nate took the opportunity to lay his hand on her thigh, just above the knee. Feeling the silky dress, he slid his hand up the outside of her leg, then back to rest above her knee. They both knew he could get between her legs if he wanted to. Only Alisha knew how badly she wished he would. 

"What would it hurt?" she thought. "It's dark outside; he can still drive. If he just put his hand in the vicinity, I could do the rest! Oh for an orgasm before dinner!" The thought process didn't help one bit. In fact, she felt another drop forming on her lips. Perhaps the thong was a bad idea. But at this point, she was committed. She picked his hand up for a moment, crossed her legs again, and set his hand back down, this time on the skin of her now-exposed knee. 

Nate thought for a moment she was pushing him for more, which only added to the pressure in his own body. But instead of indulging, he simply straightened out her dress and returned both hands to the wheel. In silence, the two drove the rest of the way to the restaurant, where a fine dinner waited. 

Nate had made reservations with a fine restaurant in a nice restaurant on the east side. Not only known for its excellent cuisine, the place was a favorite for romantics because booths in the back offered a completely secluded dining experience. The waiter stopped by for drink and food orders, but the only other noise was the soft jazz music playing overhead. Unlike most restaurants, this place kept the heat turned up. Alisha had brought her jacket in, expecting a cool dining area, but soon had to shed it. Whether it was the temperature or her flushed body, she may never know. But it was too warm for anything more than her dress. 

Dinner conversation seemed never-ending, and work seemed to stay out in the cold. Alisha tried to stay involved in the conversation, hoping that Nate wouldn't notice that all she wanted was him. Though the dinner was incredible, the anticipation was only getting stronger. As dinner wrapped up, Alisha decided to up the ante just a bit and insure that Nate was just as turned on as she was. She leaned forward over the table, knowing that her breasts were as visible to her husband as they'd been all night. 

When his eyes finally came back up to meet hers, she whispered, "I have something to tell you, my dear. Come closer." Nate leaned forward and suddenly found a bare foot climbing his thigh and landing purposefully against his penis. Alisha pressed slightly and before even speaking could feel him growing under her foot. Bringing herself back to the moment, she continued. "I'm wearing a thong, and it's starting to become uncomfortable because I've become so darn wet. I'm enjoying this meal, Sweetheart, but let's take dessert to go and find our way to a more..." She pressed firmly with her foot for added emphasis, "private location." 

And with that, she collected her chocolate cake and purse and began walking to the car. She intentionally put a little sway in her walk, and didn't need to look back to know Nate would soon be following. 

The drive to the hotel couldn't have gone fast enough. Finding a parking spot, Nate grabbed the suitcase and took his wife by the arm. The two entered the Mariott and approached the front counter. "Reservation for Nate Barca, please?" After a brief exchange of information, they were on their way to the room. 

Passing the pool on the first floor, Nate made a quick mental note: the pool closed at 10pm, in just 15 minutes. Continuing to the elevator, both were pleased to find no one else looking to go up. As soon as the doors closed and the number 6 had been pressed, Alisha practically jumped on her husband. Pressing him into the corner, she kissed his lips passionately. After only a moment, their mouths opened and their tongues exchanged a brief conversation. Not content, Alisha pressed her clitoris firmly against Nate's thigh, not caring if he did feel her passion emanating from between her legs. Nate's penis was hard enough she felt it press against her waist, and for a moment, she was afraid she might hit orgasm then and there. 

Ding! The two collected themselves, almost. The door opened, and thankfully they were alone. Their room was just down the hall, and in a minute, they were inside. "Make yourself at home, my love, and I will be right back. I forgot an arrangement with the clerk. Grab our swimsuits - we've got a few minutes for a swim." 

And with that, he was out the door again. 

Nate passed by the elevators and instead opted for six flights of stairs. He figured the physical activity would give him a moment to cool down from the elevator episode. Besides, there was probably enough passion left in the elevator to be dangerous! Collecting himself on the first floor, he casually approached the front desk where the attendant was consumed in a game of Solitaire. "Excuse me, Miss." 

Startled, she looked up. "Oh, I'm terribly sorry. What can I do for you, sir?" She was clearly a little embarrassed, which Nate hoped would work to his advantage. 

"When does the hot tub close down?" 

"At 10, just like the pool." 

"And is there no way I might be able to stick around just a little bit longer?" 

"I'm sorry, sir. There are no windows in the pool area, so for safety, we have to close it all down. There are no attendants to monitor the area." 

"Well, that could be perfect. You see, I was hoping just for a few minutes that my wife and I could relax in there without... interruption." Nate tried to fight back the blushing, but he was certain it did no good. Instead, he looked to the floor, then looked back to the attendant. 

"Aah, I understand," she said with a brief giggle. "Tell you what. Since you seemingly caught me not paying attention at the front desk, I'll assure you I won't be paying attention to the pool area until eleven. But you need to be in the area before ten or the locked doors won't let you past, and there's nothing I can do about that." 

"Deal," Nate said. "Thank you very much. And good luck with your game!" And with that, and a smile, Nate flew back up the stairs to share the good news with his wife. 

Alisha, meanwhile, took a moment to survey the room. A typical hotel room, and a typical bathroom, left the only swimming opportunity downstairs in the public pool, and even that would be closed in a few moments. And what business had Nate left undone downstairs? She laughed at the thought that he was securing the entire pool room for their private rendezvous. Though an incredibly romantic thought, there was no way he had that kind of pull. 

If they were even going to get a few moments to swim, she needed to hurry. She quickly climbed out of the dress, just a little thankful to get the thong off of her body, and she pulled the bikini out of the suitcase. She glanced over to a full-length mirror and for a moment admired the body that Nate just couldn't get enough of. Since the necklace and earrings still looked great against her body, she decided to leave the jewelry on as an accessory. Slowly she pulled the bikini bottoms up her legs, securing what little fabric was there against her still-damp pussy. Having been turned on all day, she'd taken the opportunity (after Mikey had been dropped off) to shave her most intimate area. She knew Nate liked her smooth, and she had a feeling he'd eat her out at least once before the evening was over. The thought caused her heart to take off again. 

She quickly pulled the top of her bikini and tied it in the back. She noticed that her hard nipples were quite visible through the thin fabric. Normally this would be a good thing, but she did have to get to the pool without others noticing such things. Alisha grabbed a dark t-shirt and threw it over the bikini just before Nate reappeared through the door. She knew he'd have no idea what waited for him under that t-shirt. 

Alisha quickly tossed her husband his swimsuit and casually asked, "So, where are we going to go swimming, my Love? In the bathtub?" 

"I'm glad you asked." Nate quickly removed his clothes and slid his swimsuit on, also finishing with a t-shirt. "We've got the pool and hot tub all to ourselves for an entire hour. I figure that's enough time to... how shall I say this... get the fire started." With that he pulled her against his body and gave her another passionate kiss. Thankfully, his hands didn't go wandering, so he was none the wiser about the bikini surprise. 

The two made their way downstairs, arriving just three minutes before the doors locked them out of their secluded hot tub. The lights were already dimmed and the room was empty. The only light, in fact, was the light coming up out of the hot tub. Nate turned on the jets, took his t-shirt and shoes off, and slowly slid into the water. "Mmmm.... Come on in, Nome. The water's great!" 

Alisha was hoping for a bit more of an entrance, though. She turned her back to him and removed her shoes. Since her legs were already uncovered, she stepped into the hot tub slowly, still with her back to her husband. Reaching down to grab her t-shirt, she spread her legs to shoulder-width and slowly began pulling the t-shirt up. The fact that there were no windows and no one present hadn't escaped her. In fact, it gave her the courage to give her beloved husband a strip tease he wouldn't soon forget. 

Soon, the t-shirt was over her head and she tossed it to the chair with Nate's. She turned around slowly, noticing that her nipples were still clearly visible through the bikini. She took another step down into the hot tub, then another. Each step she paused to shift her hips to one side, then the other. For the first time in the hot tub, their eyes met. Alisha's screamed, "I want you, and I know you want this!" Nate's were still taking in the barely existent bikini he thought he'd never see his wife wearing. Alisha finished her descent and slowly knelt in front of her husband. Drawing her face right up next to his ear, she whispered, "How long did you say we have this place to ourselves?" 

Stammering for words, Nate cleared his throat and answered back, "We, we have it for an hour. Though I'm not sure either one of us is going to last that long." The end of his last sentence faded to practically silence. But what came next shocked him even more. 

Alisha slid back until she was sitting on the ledge opposite Nate. Loud enough to barely be heard, she whispered again, "Then I guess we can get comfortable. And this bikini... is not comfortable." Reaching behind herself, Alisha slowly untied the knot to her bikini top, letting it fall to the surface of the water. She closed her eyes and leaned her head back. Nate could see her hands resting on her stomach, now climbing up her chest. As they reached her breasts, she pulled them upwards, moaning softly as she caressed them just above the water. 
