 I was still full of doubt. I had just taken off my bra from underneath my sweater in anticipation of his arrival in my office when I started to have second thoughts. That's when a soft knock at the door startled me. He walked in and before I could mount any kind of protest, he was all over me. He kissed me passionately while massaging my breasts. I could feel my dark brown nipples stiffen and protrude in response. I moaned approvingly and pressed myself into him and could feel the hardness of his stiffening erection pushing into me. He reached up under my black skirt and pressed his fingers into the dampening crease of my pussy while I simultaneously reached down and gently squeezed his bulging cock through the front of his pants. As he began tugging at the waistband of my underwear, he breathlessly whispered, that he wanted to fuck me more than anything! 

I felt myself flush as he eagerly pulled down my underwear. I tried to help him get them off over my shoes while holding on to his arm. When they were finally on the floor, he guided me backwards and positioned me so I was barely sitting on the edge of the worktable there in front of him. As I steadied myself with my hands on the table behind me, he lifted my sweater up over my breasts, hiked up my skirt, and pushed my legs apart until I was completely revealed to him. 

I was already dripping wet with anticipation when he went down on me and was more than ready for him to touch me. He hungrily lapped at my pussy while sliding two fingers in and out of my opening, but seemed to purposely avoid my sensitive nub which drove me crazy with desire. After a couple minutes of this exquisite torture, I reached down and pulled open my swollen labia to completely expose my clit to him, which by now was fully engorged and visibly throbbing. He took the hint and immediately focused all his attention on my pleasure center. The feeling was at once intense and overwhelming. My muscles contracted and shook as I held on to his shoulders. I soon let go of any hope of holding out. Shifting my position, I put my hands on the back of his head, and pulled his tongue firmly into my wetness. My orgasm came on suddenly, and then rose quickly to a tremendous climax. My body stiffened and I came hard, crying out louder than I should have as wave after wave of indescribable pleasure washed over me. 

As my orgasm subsided I became aware that he was now standing there pulling his pants down in front of me. As he eased his underwear off, his penis sprang loose and quickly doubled in size, sticking straight out only inches from my drenched opening. My heart was pounding as I watched him move in close to me so that he could rub the head of his long, thickly veined shaft up and down along my slit. When clear pre-cum began oozing from the tip, I decided I had to have him inside of me! 

Opening my legs wide, I tilted my pelvis towards him and watched intently as he carefully positioned the head of his twitching erection just into the entrance of my tight cunt. I looked into his eyes and moaned, "Oh yes baby, fuck me!" He pushed his thick cock into me and I watched it slowly disappear until I felt him bump me somewhere deep inside. He stayed there still for a second and I think we both took a moment to enjoy the sensation of each other's body. I loved how his cock looked there inside of me! 

Then he slowly withdrew until he was almost completely out. I grabbed him around his waist and pulled him back into me as I repeated, "Oooh yes, fuck me! He quickly began fucking me, thrusting in and out, moaning my name as he buried his length into me again and again. His pace quickened and once again I felt the tingle of an approaching orgasm. I wondered why I waited so long to give this guy my sex! Suddenly, as another climax neared, any doubt I ever had was gone. I loved the way he fucked me! Wrapping my legs around him, I fucked him back with abandon, rising to his thrusts and grinding my clit into him. Now I wanted him more than anything. And I wanted to make him cum. I wanted to feel him unleash the torrent of sperm I knew he had for me boiling inside him. I started talking to him, talking dirty, trying everything I knew to get him to let go. 

"Oh yes, Fuck my pussy!" I cried. His cock got even harder and I could tell by his jerky movements that he was close. I was close, too. I leaned my lips up to his ear and purred, "Cum in me, baby!" And that did it. His legs began shaking uncontrollably and his expression seemed desperate. He stood on his toes and rapidly thrust in and out of me, each time bottoming out somewhere deep in my cunt. His cock felt huge and filled me completely! Then suddenly, he stopped as deep in me as he could go. We looked into each other's eyes and I watched him as he teetered at the brink. My mind was extremely clear and focused this time as I really tuned into his orgasm. I watched his face contort and could feel his enormous hard-on pulse as he came, going boom, boom, boom, with each massive spurt. My pussy instinctively clamped around his throbbing shaft as he filled me with cum. Moaning his name approvingly, I quickly soared to another climax as he finished emptying himself inside me. At that moment I had no regrets and wondered why I made him wait so long to give me his gift. 

After a minute his thrusts subsided and he fell heavily against me. As his breathing slowly returned to normal I felt his softening cock slip from me, followed by the sticky evidence of his visit running down my thighs. 

We both cleaned up and got dressed. Then he kissed me briefly and quickly left me there, again alone in the office. I took a deep breath, straightened myself up, and left for home contented and satisfied. This time, I knew he would be fucking me again.