 I heard a joke once, "If you want to make God laugh, tell Him you have a plan." Well, I can vouch for that one. After three months at sea working on a Norwegian freighter, I finally signed off in Alicante, Spain and made my way to the north of Europe, my original destination three months earlier. I had signed on as a galley boy in Brooklyn with twenty bucks to my name and planned to sign off in Lisbon. Unfortunately, two days out at sea Lisbon was cancelled and the first port would be Beirut, Lebanon, three thousand miles across the Mediterranean--so much for that plan. 

I then planned to sign off in Beirut and see if I could get a ship back to Europe, but when I went up to the captain's cabin to request permission to sign off, he was in the process of flipping out, having a nervous breakdown and kicked me out of his cabin screaming at me, "You Americans are all the same! Get the hell out of here."

And that's what I did, stunned by his outburst and needing another plan, I decided to stay on the ship and earn some money. So, I spent the next three months peeling sixty pounds of potatoes every day, scrubbing pots and pans, washing the galley floor after each meal, sweating in the one hundred plus degree weather, stopping at ports in Egypt, Arabia, Yemen, Kuwait and several backwater towns along the Tigress River, eventually signing off in Spain and ending up in Copenhagen one cold December morning with a dollar left from the money I had earned on the ship. 

My next plan was to get a job and find a place to stay, but found out I had to prove to the authorities I had three hundred dollars in order to stay in the country and get working papers. I was broke and so that plan was shattered. My next plan was to see what would happen, which is not really a plan but the realization that life is a random, haphazard set of circumstances that insistently pokes you in the back with its fickle fingers and laughs at the foolish idea of a plan. So there I was down and out in Copenhagen, taking one day at a time. 

I had learned that the best thing to do when you're a stranger in a strange land is to keep going to the same café or bar and become familiar. I found an international cafeteria, a place where people from all over the world congregated and gradually I met people who would buy me a cup of coffee and sometimes a meal. People in Copenhagen are generous and if I was reading a book, someone would sit with me and we'd start talking, telling each other our stories. I became a regular, made a number of friends and somehow survived one day at a time. A young woman named Inge gave me a month's worth of meal tickets to use at the University of Copenhagen and I was able to enjoy an-all-you can-eat meal every night and also meet interesting people who made the meals even more enjoyable with lively conversations. 

There was one woman in particular I saw that fascinated me. I'd see her on the other side of the room, eating and talking with her friends. She had long blond hair, sometimes in a pony tail, fair skin like many Danish women and had a slim, sexy and enticing body. A few times, our eyes met then glanced away, but just the sight of her got me hard. Every night when I went to the dining hall, I hoped to see her. When she came in and took her seat, my heart would thump. I'd see her in the food line and kept looking at her and noticed she always glanced over at me and several times our eyes lingered, but that was it. I wished I had the nerve to meet her.

Sometimes she wore really tight jeans, her round ass driving me insane, other times, short skirts with knee high boots, her thighs so smooth. I couldn't keep my eyes off of her and she became the woman in my fantasies at night. There were other beautiful, sexy female students, but for some reason, I was drawn to her. I wanted to know her name, to stand close and feel her next to me. I was much too shy to go up and talk to her, but started finding tables closer to where she was sitting, hoping by some miracle, we would meet and my fantasies would miraculously come true, but it never happened until one night, a month or so later. 

It was winter and my month's meal tickets expired. At the same time, I left the small room I had, not sure where I would sleep at night and though I had no plan, fortuitous things always seem to happen, convincing me to trust, embrace the unknown and be open to what presents itself. Anyway, I was telling a friend I had met at the cafeteria my situation. He had a room in a cheap hotel and said he would sneak me in and I could stay there. We just had to be careful. His name was Hans from Amsterdam, a tall, intelligent and good looking guy who had a way with women. All of the young waitresses at the cafeteria were goo goo eyed over him and would take their breaks at our table, flirting and joking, so I got to meet some gorgeous Danish women just being associated with him. 

His room was on the third floor of the Hotel Cicero which struck me as a strange name for a seedy hotel. He had been staying there for awhile and knew two of the young women who cleaned the rooms, and, as I found out, they did a lot more than change sheets on the beds at the hotel. When we were walking up the steps to his room, we met Birgit and Anna who were the maids and I was stunned that Anna was the woman I used to see every night at the university. Not only could I not believe my eyes when I saw her, I was amazed at how sexy she looked in the black uniform and white apron. I was also surprised at how Birgit came up to Hans, kissed him on the cheek, pressing her body against his while Anna looked at me, smiled, "Hello, my name is Anna. What's yours?" 

Not only did I notice how short and skimpy her uniform was but that several of the buttons on her dress were unbuttoned, revealing a glimpse of her cleavage with the next button straining the material barely able to contain her large tits. Anyway, after lifting my eyes from her breasts, I told Anna my name.

"Oh, Arn, I like that name," she said, then narrowed her eyes looking at me. "You look familiar."

"I used to have meals at the university and I saw you there," I said, amazed that we were accidentally meeting in the dark hallway of a second rate hotel.

During that brief greeting in the hall, Birgit whispered something in Han's ear while Anna smiled at me, our eyes meeting and I wondered if she was sizing me up but didn't say anything. After Birgit whispered and Hans nodded, the two women walked away. Not only was I surprised to meet the woman I was lusting over at the university, I couldn't take my eyes off her ass in her skimpy uniform and slightly swaying hips as she walked away. "Damn, I want to fuck her," came from my mouth with a little gasp.

"Watch out for Anna," Hans said, chuckling, "I saw how she looked at you."

I looked at him then back at the two sexy maids walking away and wondered if Han's warning was based on experience or was he telling me what he thought I wanted to hear--which I have to admit, excited me. I also wondered what he meant by his warning, but hoped that somehow, my sudden lust for Anna would become more than a fantasy.

There were two beds in Han's dingy small room with a bureau, a writing desk, a bathroom with a small stall shower and window shades instead of curtains. I slept well the first night but was awakened early by the sound of heavy breathing and moaning coming from Han's bed and in the dim light, saw the round ass of a woman moving up and down obviously fucking him. I lay there stunned by what I was seeing then realized it was Birgit's ass and she was trying to stifle her screams but not successfully. I didn't know what to do as I watched them fucking, but thought I would give them more privacy, so quietly slid out of bed, grabbed my jeans and softly made my way out of the room, carrying my shoes, closing the door gently. 

That's when I saw Anna coming out of a room down the hall, carrying dirty sheets which she placed in a hamper on wheels. I was surprised that they started working so early but found out later, being students, they did their work before and after classes. As I stood outside my door, Anna smiled and motioned for me to come to her. I was buttoning my jeans and still barefooted, my shoes dangling from my fingers.

"I know why you're out in the hall," she said, "Birgit's fucking Hans like she does every morning."

I was surprised how nonchalantly she spoke when she glanced over my shoulder at the door I had just closed. "Well, I thought I'd give them some privacy," I said. 

"Very discreet of you," she said, "but now I have to do all the work while she's having all the fun."

I wanted to say something clever like "how about us having some fun," but was too shy to say anything when she suddenly grabbed my hand, opened the door of the room she had just left and pulled me in. "I want to have fun, too," she said. "Do you?" 

Without my answering, she then pushed me up against the door and put her arms around me, pressed her body against mine and kissed me hard, passionately, her tongue opening my mouth and there we were kissing wildly. My cock was immediately hard and she was grinding herself against me, moving her hand to my ass, pulling me into her, while I did the same, gripping her round ass through her skimpy black uniform, humping her harder, both of us knowing we were going to fuck each other crazy within minutes.

She then moved her hand to my bulging cock, rubbing it through my jeans then grabbed my balls in the palm of her hand while I moved my hand under her short tight dress, sliding my hand up her soft smooth thigh and cupped her mound, feeling how soaking wet her panties were. 

"I want your cock," she said, looking up into my eyes. 

"And I want your cunt," I responded, surprised at myself but not caring as my raunchy lust for her took control of my mind.

Anna got down on her knees, unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans, grabbed my throbbing cock, first licking the tip with her tongue before moving it up and down the entire shaft, then putting the head between her hot lips, driving me insane, sucking my cock faster and harder making soft slurping sounds, causing me to grab her head, twisting her blond hair around my fingers while I thrust faster and harder, fucking her mouth. "Suck my cock. Yeah, suck it! Suck it!" I shouted, looking down at her devouring my cock as I fucked her face like a mad man.

Suddenly, feeling I was on the verge of exploding, I pulled my cock out with a pop then knowing I didn't want to shoot my load, pulled her up and roughly pushed her to the bed she had just made. She was on her back, her feet on the floor with her short black uniform high on her soft smooth thighs. I got down on my knees, spreading her legs and started licking her pussy through her soaked black panties, my darting tongue trying to break the barrier to get my tongue deeper while she lifted her ass off the bed, pulling my head, arching her back, pushing her pussy harder against my hungry tongue, her heavy breathing and loud whimpers urging me on.

I lifted her legs over my shoulder allowing me to push my tongue harder, trying to pierce the soft material of her silky panties, the force of my stabbing tongue shoving them deeper into her soaking pussy, my need driving me insane. Her loud oh's and ahs and frenzied thrusting against my tongue got me wilder. I hungrily pulled her panties to the side, my tongue lapping at her juicy pussy like a cat drinking milk.

"Eat me! Eat me!" she screamed, urging me to suck and lick her clit, each slap of my tongue causing her to jolt over and over while my thrusting fingers, first one, then two filled her tight gripping pussy and within seconds, her hands pulling harder at my head, convulsed in a huge wild orgasm, her cum pouring all over my mouth before collapsing on the bed in a rapid succession of spasms, gasping desperately. 

I quickly stood up, glad I was still barefooted, unzipped my jeans, pulling them off as fast as I could while Anna squirmed out of her soaked panties, her eyes on my hard cock, my eyes on her dripping pussy. I got on my knees between her legs and pounced on her only to have her suddenly push me onto my back, straddling me, her tits crushed against my chest and we kissed each other, our tongues swirling in the madness of our lust while she slid her slippery pussy up and down the length of my hard cock, her clit grazing the head, grinding against each other harder, her pussy lips gripping my throbbing shaft.

Suddenly, she sat up, lifting herself to her knees, grabbed my cock and came down hard, impaling herself and started riding me like a wild cowgirl on a bucking bronco, moving faster and faster, leaning forward, using my cock like a hungry slut who just wants a good hard fuck. I looked up at her tits barely contained by her uniform and saw she had no bra so I reached for them, pulled at her uniform, causing the button to fly off and her tits to spill out into my gripping hands, holding them, feeling her hard nipples while her blond hair flailed, as she rode my cock, lifting herself higher and coming down harder on my swollen pole, riding me like she was galloping to the finish line, feeling her body tensing, trembling, riding me faster, harder, screaming, "oh fuckkkkkk, I'm cummming" and her whole body shook in another huge orgasm, her screams filling the room, her cum pouring all over my cock. 

I was now on the verge of exploding and suddenly bucked her high into the air, flipping her onto her back and without hesitating, pounced on her, my cock going deep with one hard thrust, pounding her and screaming at the top of my lungs, "Fuck me! Fuck me! Take my cock! Take it," while she screamed, "Give it to me. Cum in me! I'm on the pill. Just fuck me! Harder! Harder! Harder!"

My orgasm swept over me like a thundering freight train and I shot gush after gush into her overflowing pussy, my whole body writhing in ecstasy and felt Anna's pussy gripping my cock as she convulsed again and again screaming before I collapsed on her, unable to budge, gasping and panting desperately for air. I felt her limp body under me as we lay there wallowing in the afterglow of our wild fucking, unable to speak.

After a few moments of gathering our senses, my body laying heavily on her with my limp cock pressed against her wet pussy, the warm sticky dampness between us, the aroma of our sex in the room, I lifted my head and looking into the bluest eyes I had seen, smiled. 

"I liked fucking you," she said softly, returning my smile, "Did I surprise you?" 

"Yes, that was so sudden and wild," I said.

"Wait. I get wilder," she said. "And I want more of you."

"Good and I'd like to give you more," I said, not believing this was me talking to this sexy hot woman who had just seduced me.

"You do, do you," she responded, smirking, biting her lower lip.

"Yes, I've been lusting after you ever since I saw you at the university dining hall."

"Well, I like lusty guys like you. You don't know how much I love to fuck."

"Well, maybe I will let you show me," I said.

"Watch what you wish for," she said, pushing me off of her then grabbed her soaked panties, jumped out of bed and threw them at me, "I'm insatiable," she laughed.

"Well, so am I," I said, taking her wet panties from my face.

"Meet me at the dining hall, tonight. I have the night off. I'll treat you to dinner and give you dessert at my place." 

"Sounds good," I said, looking at her opening the door, smoothing out her uniform.

"And you will love my dessert," she said then added, "Smooth down that bed before you leave." 

When I left the room to go back to mine, I saw Birgit leaving Han's room and greet Anna down the hall where both girls giggled glancing back at me. Anna smiled and waved at me before going into another room while I thought about the wonderful room service those two offered certain guests.

Hans looked at me as I entered, his head lying contentedly on his pillow, "Thanks for leaving," he said. 

"Well, I met Anna in the hall," I responded, a smile on my face which let Hans know what I had just experienced.

"I warned you about her," Hans said, chuckling. "Believe me I know."

"What do you know," I asked, wondering. 

"You'll find out," Hans said. "I just know Birgit and Anna are not very inhibited women."

"Have you fucked Anna," I asked. 

"No, but I wanted to," Hans said. "But Birgit got to me first and told me how much they both love to fuck and Anna is just as insatiable as she is, so watch out, my friend."

When I went to the university at dinner time, I saw Anna in the food line and she waved me over. It had snowed that afternoon and it was freezing out, not uncommon for Denmark at that time of year. She was wearing tight faded jeans tucked into cowboy boots, a heavy dark green wool sweater and a matching green cap with her long blonde hair coming down past her shoulders. 

"Nice boots," I said when I got in line behind her, both of us carrying trays. 

"I love these boots and American cowboys," she said, her blue eyes smiling into mine.

Glancing at her round ass straining her jeans, the image of her riding me like I was her stallion flashed in my mind, but disappeared when she interrupted my sudden fantasy by shoving her hip against mine, "I want you to be my cowboy tonight."

"You do, do you," I responded, feeling her body against mine, liking how direct she was and how it made me comfortable enough to be equally playful with her.

"Yes, let's eat and get back to my room for the dessert I promised you," she said, her smiling eyes and mouth teasing me.

When we sat down at a long table with other students eating, drinking beer, talking, laughing, I liked the liveliness of the room, the energy of a university, but, feeling Anna's thigh pressed against mine, her smile while we ate, my mind was spinning with how lucky I felt to be with this beautiful sexy woman who so suddenly entered my life. Here I was with the woman I lusted after several weeks ago, accidentally bumping into her in the hall of that seedy hotel, fucking wildly in the morning and all day imagining the unplanned events that later would happen in her room with the "dessert" she was offering me.

Sitting with her, eating, she surprised me by spreading her legs, taking my hand and placing it on her jean covered pussy causing my cock to bulge and strain against my jeans which she then began rubbing, leaning against me then whispered in my ear, "I want this, let's go." 

Walking back to her apartment through the windy snow, her arm hooked in my elbow, her body pressed against mine, our heads down against the weather, both of us eager to get to her room and the warmth of where our lust was taking us. There was no pretence of romance or any thought of a relationship, we just wanted each other and the honesty of that was liberating. We both just wanted to fuck and not think any further than the night that lay ahead of us. 

When we entered her small but warm, nicely furnished student apartment, stomping off the snow, she took off her green wool cap and heavy coat tossing them onto a chair while I took off mine. We kissed, wrapping our arms around each other, our hands on each other's ass, our tongues swirling before pulling our lips apart with a gasp. 

She then pushed me gently away and plopped down on her couch, leaned against the back and asked me to take off her cowboy boot. I kneeled on the floor between her legs, lifting her foot and pulled one boot off then the other, noticing how tight her jeans were on her crotch. I looked up at her blue eyes looking into mine. 

While I took my wet boots off, she said, "Let's play" and lay back against the arm at one end of the couch pulling me and pushing me to lean against the arm opposite her, both of our legs stretched out on the couch. She then moved her wool socked foot between my legs, pressing it against my hard cock while I did the same thing, pushing the arch of my wool socked foot against her jean covered pussy, both of us playfully tantalizing each other with our feet, our eyes looking at each other, knowing we were going to have a long night of intense teasing and ultimately, wild fucking.
