 Katie was a natural beauty, the kind of girl that can be distracting in any office which contains mostly men. The waves in her blonde hair bounced as she made her way around the office, her big blue eyes seemed to urge you to want more, and her big smile would make anyone a little weak in the knees. I had taken all this into consideration when I had first hired her. First off I had found that a woman so attractive tends to inhibit the production of the workers in the office, but also, I had always attempted to keep my professional and romantic lives separate. I had found that it is generally best to not mix business and pleasure, and had taken the necessary precautions to keep things as such.

That is until Katie first came in. Her unfaltering beauty was matched only by her beaming personality. Despite the fact that I thought it might be difficult to try to keep my hands off of her, I surely wasn't opposed to having a little eye candy. Not to mention, she was just what I had needed. My last assistant had not been much of a people person, leaving me to have to clean up more messes than I ever would have liked to. I had no doubt in my own ability to control my hormones and keep our relationship professional, and in need of such an addition to the office, I hired her on the spot.

For the following months, Katie worked our perfectly. She was everything I had dreamed of, a hard worker, a friendly voice for the clients, and a wonderful sight for me when I arrived in the morning. Despite the fact that she often wore outfits that made dirty thoughts race, and we may have exchanged some harmless subtleties of flirtatious behavior, I had been able to keep my hands to myself, knowing that a physical relationship between the 2 of us would be wrong. That is until the past month.

It all started about a month or so ago. I had to go to a conference out in Vegas and had asked Katie to come along. Besides the fact that I needed her assistance in keeping track of various meetings throughout the weekend, it never hurts to have an attractive girl in the mix when discussing a business transaction. She had been a bit hesitant at first, but then became excited by the idea of getting to have a trip on the company dime.

After a red eye flight on Thursday night, we arrived at the hotel in the wee hours of the morning, exhausted from the day of travel. Upon speaking with the receptionist at the front desk, she began explaining that there had been some kind of mix up, and the hotel had over booked. There was only a single suite left, as opposed to the 2 rooms which had been booked. They informed us that they would try to sort it out, or that we could go down to one of their sister hotels down the road. I looked over at Katie and asked what she thought.

"I am kind of tired, the idea of wandering around Vegas to find a room doesn't really appeal to me" she replied.

She was dressed a bit more casually than usual. Her white top cut exposing her tones stomach. Her perky tits pressed together, showing off just enough cleavage to entice. Although I knew this was a bad idea, I told the receptionist that that would have to do, and we would take the room.

As we entered the room I dropped our bags to the floor. It was definitely one of the nicest rooms in the hotel. A nice sized suite with a balcony overlooking the strip from 33 floors above. "Well it surely could be worse I suppose" I said as I looked around at the amenities, "I almost feel like I am dreaming, a luxury Vegas suite that I'm sharing with such a sexy mate" I said with a smile.

"Oh Shush" Katie replied, "you forget that I have worked for you for awhile now, and I know about your 'rules' when it comes to interaction with your coworkers." Her voice trailing off before she let out in a loud whisper, "although what is that they say about what happens in Vegas?"

Without waiting for me to say anything, Katie went into the bathroom, saying that she was going to get ready for bed. She came out a few moments later in a tiny pink nighty. Her breasts bounced with every step as she came out of the room, the bottom barely covering her ass as she walked out the glass door and stood beside me on the balcony. Placing her elbows on the railing and leaning forward. Her nighty riding up, exposing the bottom of her cheeks. I peered over and noticed she wasn't wearing any undies as she looked down over the railing. Unable to control myself I walked up behind her and slowly ran my fingertips up her thigh, "What is it that they say about what happens in Vegas" as asked, feeling her skin twitch to my touch.

"Oh I was just making a statement" she said with a giggle "you and I both know that nothing should happen, it would make working together awkward"

Feeling as if I had immediately forgotten everything I had through previously, I slowly removed my belt. Reaching around Katie's waist and wrapping it around her wrists as she began to squirm "Wha what are you doing" she asked as I past the belt through the buckle, pulling it tight around her wrists "We really shouldn't Shane" she whispered as she pressed her ass against me, seeming to say otherwise. Feeling my cock begin to stiffen as her bare ass ran against the thin fabric of my pants. I wrapped the end of my belt around the side of the railing, securing her wrists, looking out over the Vegas strip, the busy streets 33 floors below us. 

Reaching my hands around her as she continued to grind her ass against my crotch, moaning softly, I ran my hands up along her stomach, both reaching her tits in unison, I wrapped my hands around them, feeling her hardened nipples pressing against my palms as I begin massaging her breasts. Her head tilting back as I blew a cool breeze of air down along her neck. Gripping the thin fabric of her nighty in my hands I began to pull, hearing the fabric beginning to tear, a soft "No don't" escaping her lips as I continued to tear open her nighty, her breasts springing lose as I leaned down and pressed my teeth into the soft flesh of her shoulder letting out a moan.

"Don't worry baby, I will buy you a new one" I whispered as my hands began exploring her toned body. Her nighty slipping down her legs to the floor. Gripping her hair and pulling her head back with a tug, pressing my lips against her neck. Kissing softly and slowly running my tongue up to her earlobe, nibbling. One hand massaging her breasts as the other began making its way down her tummy down below her waistline. My fingertip feeling her pussy moisten as I gently spread her lips, grazing her clit. My thick, hard cock throbbing against the fabric of my pants as I slowly circled her clit with the tip of my middle finger. I removed my hand from her breasts as I continued teasing her clit, unbuttoning my pants and allowing them to slide down my thighs and drop to the floor, stepping out of them gripping my cock in my right had as my left continued to tease her dripping wet twat. 

Looking out into the city, the lights so bright and the bustling streets below, I ran the head of my crack down the crack of Katie's firm ass. Thinking about all the times I had seen her walk into the office and only dreamed of such a thing. She slowly spread her thighs and bent forward a bit as I slipped my cock inside her. The walls of her tight little cunt clenching down around my shaft as I pressed deeper. Feeling as she absorbed every inch of my cock in her. My hands on her hips as I pulled her back against me. My thick rod buried deep inside of her. Leaning back I raised my hand to the sky, letting it fall swiftly down against her ass with a SMACK. Watching as it jiggled, a red print of my hand left behind, I began thrusting my cock into her. With each thrust of my hips, I pounded into her a little harder. With every time her ass smacked against me, I began pounding her a little faster. Moaning as I reached around, my fingers digging into the soft flesh of her bouncing tits. Pinching her nipples as she took me harder and faster. Listening to her moan with every thrust. Part pleasure, part pain, she began pumping her hips to meet mine, pressing her body down against mine as I thrust into her. Feeling her body beginning to shake as I continued pounding into her, her low pants and moans becoming louder. "OHHH FUUUUCK" she let out in a scream as she continued to squeal, louder with every pass of my shaft. Feeling her body begin to shudder as the muscles of her pussy clenched harder and rhythmically around my shaft, she let out a scream as she began to cum. Her pussy milking my hard cock, sucking it deeper inside of her, gripping my shaft and not letting loose as I felt the juices of her soaking we cunt dripping down my thighs as she came all over my cock looking out over the streets of Vegas.