 "I think I have some more papers for you to look over, got a sec?" I ask over our messaging system. You respond back, "I can always make time for you".

As I walk in, my black high heels clacking on the floor. I have one measly paper in my hands, my dark red lips turned into a sexy smile. I turn around and close the door behind me, being sure to linger a moment so you can see my ass clad in tight fitting black slacks. I rock my hips back and forth as I close the door and then turn around to face you. I begin to walk seductively towards you, an almost sleazy grin on my face. I walk up to your desk and bend down, leaning my elbows on it. I place the paper flat on the desk and say, "would you please check this out for me?"

As I trace my french manicured finger nail down my lip, down my neck, and to my deep cleavage. You can tell that I unbuttoned my blouse a few extra buttons than usual and you can't help but stare. I keep my eyes on you as I watch your eyes move with my finger. Inside my cleavage, along the contour of each breast, and back up to my lip, where I slip it inside my mouth and suck it briefly. You haven't said a word since I stepped in your office, and I like it that way. You shift in your chair and then lean back, knowing that your job today is to sit back and watch. I stand up again and walk around to your side of the desk and lift myself up on it. I sit in front of you, spreading my legs wide. I lean back, placing my hands behind me, and I throw my head back, my breasts almost popping out of my shirt. 

I pull my right hand up and begin to slide it down my waist, back up to my boob, and across to the other one, even up to my neck and back down again. I slide it down past my belly and down between my legs. I can feel myself getting wet already as I know I am teasing you immensely. I moan a little and lift my head up, looking you dead in the eyes. I sit up and begin to use both hands to caress my girl, and up to my boobs. I slide my fingers up the buttons of my blouse to the top and begin loosening the remaining ones. I watch your eyes again following my fingers and I smile. I get to the last button and I grab the ends of my shirt and slowly pull it backwards off my body. You smile at the sight of the new bra that you have never seen before. It is deep red, push up, and covered in lace. You notice that there is lace along the top of it and realize that it wasn't an undershirt I have been wearing all morning, but in fact it is the edging of my bra. You enjoy this teasing fact, and you think about how you will be able to imagine my bra every time you see it peaking out from my shirt for the rest of the day. 

I throw my shirt off to the side of the desk and I slide off the desk. Standing in front of you now, my breasts at your eye level. You can smell the floral perfume I put on this morning, permeating from my cleavage and you think that is a perfect place for it. I begin to unbutton my slacks slowly, watching the desire build in your eyes... your gaze becoming extremely intense. I slowly wiggle out of my slacks and step out of them, throwing them off to the side with my shirt. I stand up straight, revealing a pair of see-through lace panties that match my bra. Not quite thongs, but not covering my ass completely either. I slide my hands around my ass and hips, caressing my own body as before, slowly turning around. I turn completely away from you, my ass in full view for you. I slide my hands up and down my smooth skin, up my waist and around to my boobs as I slowly lean down onto the desk. 

I place my arms on the desk, reaching for the other edge, completely stretched out with my ass towards you. I turn my face back towards you and say in a super seductive voice, "I need you to fuck me hard today". "You don't have to tell me twice", you say as you quickly stand up and remove your clothes in swift motions. You grab my ass and rub your hard cock against it, your hands on either side of my hips. I feel you slide your fingers underneath part of my panties covering my ass and you slide it to the side. You can feel how moist and hot I am as you slip your finger further down to reveal my pussy. You groan in pleasure as you enjoy just how wet I can make myself just by teasing you. You smack my ass lately with your right hand and you tease my asshole with the tip of your cock. I whimper a little at the sting and then the pain turns to growing pleasure. Without warning, you plunge your cock deep into my dripping pussy and I let out a loud moan. You squeeze my ass just a little too tightly, a warning for me to be more quiet so the rest of the office doesn't hear. 

Immediately you thrust all the way into me, your balls slapping against my clit. My back arches and I moan again and then you being thrusting in and out, faster and faster. I grab the edge of the desk to hold myself still so my nipples don't become chaffed. After a few more thrusts, you groan, "roll over, I want to taste you". I quickly stand up and you lift me up onto the desk and push me backwards. I lay back as you grab my legs and pull them up into the desk as well. You nail down and immediately press your tongue the opening of my pussy. My juices dripping and ready for you to lap them up. Then you move your tongue up to my clit, already swollen and extremely sensitive, and you begin to flicker it. "Oh my god, that feels amazing", I say in between breaths. 

Suddenly you suck my clit in between your teeth, almost sending me over the edge. You begin at sucking harder and fervently. I cry out, "oh my God don't stop, I am so close." Quickly you slip two fingers inside my stretched and wet pussy and begin to thrust in and out, the rhythm meeting the rhythm of your lips and tongue on my clit. My fist clenched around my breast as there is nothing else to grab onto, and my body begins to shake as the as my orgasm begins to climax. My breathing is fast as I cry out, "oh God, baby I am coming." 

You know exactly what I need, and you continue that rhythm with your fingers and tongue as I reach full climax. As soon as I climax you stand up and slide your cock, dripping with precum, inside me. I almost scream as it fills me and heightens my climax. You are so close already and all it takes is my tight pussy to send you over the edge. You thrust deeply into me a few times before you climax, filling me with cum.

I look up at your face as you climax, I love watching your head thrown back as tremors rack your body.