 The white sandy beaches and crystal blue waters of Tahiti were calling their names. Nick and Aimee went out to the beach, where a cabana awaited them. There was an umbrella propped up in the sand and two lounge chairs underneath. While they seated themselves, Ricardo brought them Mai Tai's in coconuts with umbrellas. Though they had only been dating a few months, his job as a hotel executive took him to many locations and this time he decided to take Aimee along for a nice vacation.

The sun was warm and the sand was hot, but it was a scene where every detail was perfect. The palm trees swayed gently with a tropical breeze and the ocean water made little lapping sounds as it hit the shore. His skin was bronze from his tan and all he had on was his swimming trunks. Her tan line had been erased from the few days of topless tanning. They sat in the serenity of the shade for a little while, discussing nothing in particular. Aimee copped a little buzz from the Mai Tai, but still had a half of her drink left.

She decided that she'd like to do a little more tanning and asked Nick to rub sun tan oil on her back. Handing him the bottle, their fingers touched and an electric sizzle ran up her arm. She lied face down on the chaise, and unhooked her top, letting the straps fall to her side. Nick was sitting on his chaise, facing her, and tipped the bottle to let some oil drizzle on her back. It was warm on her skin and the feeling made her smile. He placed his hands on her back and began to rub the oil in. She loved the feeling because he had very strong, but not rough, hands. He quietly massaged the oil in, and kept rubbing even after her skin was coated. His hands moved toward her shoulders and his thumbs found the taut muscles and began to relax them.

He moved from his chair to hers, sitting so close to her she could feel the hairs on his leg. His hands continued their motion on her back and he made small circles all over it. He slowly moved down, covering every inch along the way. He got to the small of her back and upon touching it, sent a shiver through her.

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing," Aimee answered. "It's just that where you are touching me happens to be an erogenous zone. It's VERY sensitive."

"Really," Nick said with a lopsided smile crossing his face.

"Oh, yes," she moaned, as his hands kept working the area.

He separated his fingers and let each one work individually on the area, knowing that it was driving her wild inside. He had never met anyone who could do the things in bed that Aimee could. Despite her innocent look on the outside, she was an amazingly wild animal when it came to lovemaking. His thumbs took their time as they expertly rubbed the base of her spine, recalling several of their more rambunctious times in bed. Small noises escaped her lips as he teased her with his hands. She was getting all worked up inside, and he knew it, and he liked it.

He decided that he would cut her a little slack, however, and eased off massaging her erogenous zone, as his fingers encircled the band of her bottoms. Moving them down, he worked across her butt, but almost in a toying fashion. He didn't spend too much time on that, and instead, moved down to her thighs, where he applied more oil. He handed her her drink, which she readily sipped, leaving only a small amount in the makeshift glass. Her buzz had increased slightly, but whether from the alcohol or the massage, she couldn't tell.

He rubbed her thighs to where they were tingling and quickly rubbed a little oil on the rest of her leg, pausing at her feet. Not adding any oil, but using what was on his hands, he rubbed her feet hard with his thumbs. It felt so good and she didn't think it could get any better, until he moved his body down to where her feet were and took her toe into his mouth and began to suck on it. Her mind was racing with the delight this created. She was ready to make love, but of course, that was entirely out of the question, as they were on the beach.

He commenced his massaging of her foot, and not wanting to neglect the other, offered it the same treatment. She lifted her head to gaze at their surroundings, marveling at the sheer beauty of it. She noticed a small mound of rocks over by the edge of the water and entertained the thought of ravishing him by them. 

Seeing the direction of her gaze, the same thought crossed his mind and he reached down to reassemble her top. Aimee carefully rolled over, so as not to fall off her chair in her slightly inebriated state, and he offered her his hand. She took it and stood, facing him. The sunlight was directly on his back, making his outline a mere silhouette. It highlighted his hair and made his features stand out, causing her to stare at his face for a moment. He leaned his face in and took hers in his hands, kissing her with a passion, the kind of passion of a man who had felt desire, but hadn't been able to act upon it for a thousand years. 

Her senses melted and she could only act on instinct, which was to open her mouth in response to his probing tongue. She was warm all over and felt a slight trickle in her bikini bottoms. Her thoughts were consumed with meeting his tongue in earnest and her arms wrapped themselves around his muscular chest. 

Her mouth reacted out of hunger and she let him explore hers with passion and desire. She could taste a faint hint of coconut from his drink. She could feel him pressed up against her, feel his hardness though his trunks, and it made her head spin even more. Her body reacted by pressing even harder, and holding tighter. It was almost unbearable, this feeling she had welling up inside her, like she would burst unless she made love to him this instant. Sensing this, he lifted his head from hers and with a slight movement, indicated toward the rocks. He slipped his hand inside hers and they walked over to the rocks, checking out who and what was around them. The coast was clear, literally. Ricardo was occupied up at the bar and the only other couple was at least a football field length away.

Nick lowered himself to the sand, and the water just barely lapped his ankles. Reaching for Aimee, she sat down next to him, feeling how warm the sand was, despite being wet. She giggled at the thought of getting caught by someone.

Once again, Nick leaned in close to give her a kiss. His hands slid up her arms, and once they were on her shoulders, he guided her so that she was lying on the sand. All the while, he was kissing her, tenderly.

The sky began to get overcast, reducing the air temperature, but not the heat coming from inside their bodies. He put one leg over hers, and once again, pressed himself against her so she could feel his desire. The kissing continued until their lips tingled, and he moved down to kiss her neck. Aimee used the opportunity to look at the darkening sky, just as the first raindrop fell. Not noticing, he ever so slightly moved his hips, as if making love with his clothes on. This turned her on, but was marred slightly by the ever-increasing raindrops. It was not raining hard, but a slow steady rain.

He looked into her eyes, seeing the want in them and moved his hand down between her legs, parting them slightly. He rubbed gently, not sure if she was wet from the rain, or desire. His hand slipped inside her bottoms, confirming that it was not the rain causing her wetness. His finger slid in and out of her pussy, making her hips arch against him. She reached down to him and felt his massive cock, rock hard, restrained by his swimsuit. She untied the drawstring and slipped her hand inside, feeling a shudder run through him as she moved her fingertips up and down.

Lifting her hips, she allowed him to lower her bottoms until she was out of them. She used her hands to bring his suit just past his hips and he rose to completely cover her body with his. Opening her legs to him, he entered her with gentility. She took a deep breath as the immense feeling of pleasure traveled through her bloodstream. His movement was steady and almost calculated, as if going too fast would spoil the moment. The rain trickled around his neck and landed on her breasts that were rising and falling rapidly. His movements became more rapid, but still steady. She reached her hand down, to stimulate her clit, knowing that she was close to orgasm. He moved in and out, each time going just a little faster and the look on his face told her he was there as well. She let the spasms wash over her, feeling them pulse through her veins. He came easily, and gently, filling her.

As if on cue, a clap of thunder sounded overhead, bringing them back to reality. Slowly, he rolled off her, letting the rain hit his face. Not wanting to move, but knowing they had to, Aimee reached for her bottoms, but didn't put them on. She headed out to the water, rinsing the sand from her back. He joined her long enough to do the same, then they headed back towards the umbrella to gather their belongings.

The "hotel" they were in was actually like grass huts, with amenities. They headed back to their room, barely escaping what had turned into a downpour. Heading for the shower, they got in, still wearing their suits. He untied the string around her neck, letting her top fall. He bent down and kissed the tips of her nipples, despite the flecks of sand that hadn't washed off. He took her under the stream of water, letting it run through her hair, which actually had more sand in it than she realized. Laughing, they decided this was more of a chore, and any chance for romance at this point was futile. They removed their suits, rinsed them and tried to clean each crevice of their bodies, with a little help from each other, of course. Aimee needed to carefully inspect, to make sure he hadn't missed anywhere on his penis, and got down on her knees to do so. Upon verifying that it was clean, she used her mouth to explore it further.

"You are insatiable, aren't you?" Nick asked her smiling.

"There's no such thing as too much of a good thing," she replied, then resumed her "inspection."

She was just being merciless at this point and decided to give him time to recuperate. Standing, they finished showering and shut the water off. Aimee handed Nick a towel, and he get out of the shower, dried off and wrapped it around his waist. To see him standing there, his dark hair made curly by being soaked, wearing nothing but a towel to expose his muscular chest, was a sight to behold. She dried herself off, wrapped in the towel as well, and headed toward the bed.

The thunder and lightning were getting pretty fierce by this point, so they knew they were not going anywhere for a while. Aimee suggested a game of cards (strip poker would be out of the question as two hands and they'd be done). Rummy sounded like a good choice.

They indulged in a friendly game of cards, although, despite the pun, she was beating the pants off him. After about an hour of getting whooped, he threw the cards in the air and attacked her, wrestling her down flat on the bed. 

"You cheat," he jokingly teased.

"Never, you just suck!" She teased back. The wrestling match ensued and in moments, the towels had been lost somewhere in the covers. He got her pinned down to the bed, with his hands locked on her wrists and planted above her head. Try as she may, there was no escape, so she succumbed to being held as his prisoner. He was naked, lying on top of her, grinning from ear to ear.

"At least you know who's boss," he snickered.

Giving him a look that was a cross between disbelief and shock, they broke out laughing at the same time. With her wrists still held, she could feel a new presence in the bed as he grew excited. Thinking of the beach, she blushed, not believing that they actually made love in a public place.

The sky was completely black, and the rain continued steadily. The room was dark, with a faint light coming from the bathroom light they forgot to turn off earlier, and illuminated every now and then by a flash of lightening. Not needing to see his face to know there was want written all over it, she leaned up enough to kiss his neck. Her movements were limited, since he had her wrists bound and his full body weight on top of her. But she could move enough to stir up more desire within him, especially when she started to nibble on his breasts, using her tongue to lick them, and her mouth to suck on the nipples.

His head lowered and he reciprocated, loosening his grip on her wrists. Taking advantage, she used her hands to rub his back, and her nails to rake gently across it. She moved them down to his butt and almost clawed at his cheeks. Liking the wee bit of pain, he bit her shoulder, causing a little scream of delight. He used his mouth to cover her breast and suck on her nipples, causing them to stand erect. Taking little nibbles, he moved down her stomach and ended at her pussy, which now eagerly awaited him.

Using both mouth and fingers, he played with it, sucking, licking and biting. She grabbed a handful of his hair and moaned with pleasure as she held his head. He continued his erotic game with her pussy, and she felt about ready to burst. Knowing that he’d driven her almost mad, he instructed her to roll over on the bed and raised her to her knees. Kneeling himself on the bed, he entered her from behind, while grabbing her hips to sway her back and forth, rocking her on his thick shaft. Feeling him go deeper and deeper with each thrust, Aimee enjoyed the mounting sensation. She felt each part of her body grow hot and before she could help it, the orgasm took over. He felt the walls of her womb close around his cock, but having already cum earlier, he was able to hold off and keep her rocking. Her orgasm subsided, but never completely vanished, leaving her euphoric. He felt so good inside her that with a few more deep thrusts, she exploded again. He took the cue, and flipped over to his back, and let her mount him. She rode his shaft up and down and he could feel her cum running down his cock. It was so incredibly wet that he couldn't hold off. Grabbing her hips, he rammed his cock inside, letting it erupt like a volcano. She slowed her movements while he still came.

Sated, she lowered herself so she was lying on top of him. His arms encircled her and held on for dear life. She felt completely satisfied and exhausted. He rolled her onto her side and curled up with her, fatigue setting in. Together, they fell asleep listening to storm as it faded off in the distance.