 It has taken us almost an hour to reach, trudging through the snow that lies thick on the hard packed earth and catching snowflakes on our tongues from the occasional snow shower along the way. It's been fun. The sky is leaden and it is hard to see where land meets sky, we are cocooned in gradation from white to steel grey. But it's not been too cold, we've been warm walking and half heartedly throwing the occasional snowball. We're in too happy, caring and loving a mood to really throw things at one another even in jest.

We've not seen another soul.

And now we are here, we have arrived at the hot springs and it is beautiful, even under leaden skies. It's larger than I had imagined and so still we can see the minor gradations in the sky reflected in it's surface. I wonder what gives it it's high salt content, this lake; second only to the Dead Sea.

You don't waste any time. I turn and see you under the small walless shelter. You take off your thick jacket and hang it up. Next comes your sweater and your shirt. You're wearing no bra and the cold has your nipples standing out hard and proud. Then you shake off your shoes in that curious, graceful manner I've never been able to emulate. You step from your trousers and the world seems to slow down as I watch you slowly hook one thumb into each side of your panties and slowly (it seems so slowly) draw them down. The sight of that perfect triangle is a shocking wave of electric pleasure for me as it always is. You step from them and you're away into the water to get warm.

Once in you notice my absence and you turn and raise one eyebrow at me. 'Coming in?'

I feel I should return your favour and so, with the certain knowledge that you are watching I too remove my coat, jumper and T-shirt. My body tightens and I feel I look pretty good in the cold weather. I try to be graceful in removing my boots but manage almost to fall over. I step from my trousers and then reach down and take hold of the bottom of my boxers, pulling them down over my penis and down, down my long legs. I step out of them and run to join you.

No sooner am I in the water than you approach. You kiss me gently on the lip and I can feel the tip of my penis just touch and graze your belly. You won't come closer than the point that affords me that delicious pleasure.

Then you put one arm over each shoulder and gently lift yourself, supported by the warm salty water, and hook a leg over each of my hips. I am now beginning to be aroused, twitching and stirring as you kiss me, still tender and gently but exploring my mouth, exploring the mouth you've explored a hundred times before, finding my teeth, the inside of my cheeks and my tongue.

I can feel my penis pressing gently against you. The end is in the crack of your backside, perhaps gently touching your anus but the shaft, I can feel, pressed against the soft, soft lips. I am rapidly becoming harder as you kiss and hold me and I return the squeeze. My penis wants to be upright, it is held down by you and the pressure is almost pain, so almost pain it is utterly pleasure. And you know it. You wait a little longer, my engorged member pressed flat and held down, restricted in warm salt water flat against that most perfect part of your beautiful body.

And then you raise your body up, not difficult in this water so supportive that I barely feel your weight at all even after ten minutes with your legs hooked over my hips. As you rise my penis jumps to attention and suddenly the head is touching the lips and your mouth, busy kissing me, means that the slight gasp comes as a heavy breath from your nose.

I have no ability to thrust, supporting you as I am and you know and like this. But this is passion and love, not teasing and you slowly lower yourself to be impaled on me. The head of my penis is so hot for you it is swollen bigger than it's ever been before and I can feel it parting you with seeming difficulty (a difficulty you're enjoying) and travelling up, up, up inside you. It's my turn to gasp and you raise and fall on me, kissing, kissing, always kissing.

On we go and I can feel you doing that thing you do, contracting the muscles and squeezing all the way along the shaft of me. I put my hands on your perfect buttocks for support and thinking I'll guide your rhythm to avoid my cumming too soon but you're in control and I just don't know how you manage to move faster and faster until I can feel the trip up to ecstasy about to begin and then slow to bring me sweet agony as you hold me back. Four times you bring me to that point, your strong, gorgeous thighs lifting and plunging you onto my stake. Four times I think I shall die if you don't let me explode into you, the pressure is so great. And each time you know the critical second to slow to hold me back from the edge. I want to scream 'let me come' but hold my tongue. Well, you hold my tongue. The walls inside contract and hold me again and again and you release my mouth and whisper 'Fill me' into my ear.

And we're off. You increase the rhythm and the pressure and in three seconds I know there's now no turning back. You are no longer kissing me but instead are whispering 'fuck me, fuck me' and 'I love you' in my ear. I make no reply, consumed by what is happening to me.

Suddenly I am there, your finger nails in my back, my cock in you and my sperm released and you keep up the rhythm as more and more fills you and your whispered 'fuck me' turns to 'fu-u-uck me.' And I do although I am perhaps taking credit for your hard work!

And we sink into one another and into the warm water to kiss, cuddle and coo.