 Jillian hung up the phone and realized that her hand was shaking nervously when she did so. The blood was rushing through her veins with an excitement that she hadn’t felt in over a year. What had she just agreed to? Everything was happening so quickly that she was overwhelmed by it all. This was Alex’s best friend!

Alex was her boyfriend of eighteen months. He was a good-looking man in his early twenties. He had a good head on his shoulders, and he treated Jill very well. She loved him dearly. So what the hell did she just do?

She has met all of his friends at one time or another - some were attractive, some were not. So what made Steve so special? He was attractive, sure. Gorgeous even. Tall, dark hair, piercing blue eyes…but what set him apart from Alex’s other attractive buddies? Perhaps she was excited by the fact that Steve was her boyfriend’s best friend. That it was such a taboo, so off-limits that the prospect intrigued her sexually. No, that was something she would not admit to herself. Besides, who said anything about sex?

She had a connection with Steve. A strong one. Not as strong as with Alex, but one that was different somehow. At first, he would phone for Alex and on those occasions where Alex was not home, that would be the end of it. As the weeks rolled by, Steve and Jill would make small talk on the phone before hanging up. Whenever the three of them hung out for drinks, either alone or in a larger group, they all got along very well. Sure, she would check him out every so often, but she checked out lots of guys. It’s human nature.

As for Steve, when he first laid eyes on Jill he knew his pal had struck gold. The immediate yearning that he felt for her when they first met was powerful. Every time he saw her after that, the yearning grew to be painful. She was incredible. Absolutely gorgeous. Dark, straight hair that was perfect whether it flowed down just past her shoulders, or was up. The rest of her was no less perfect. Captivating dark eyes, pouting lips, creamy white skin – a wonderful complexion. She was a petit woman, and Steve liked that. Probably 5’2 or 5’3, 110 pounds soaking wet. Likely even smaller. She had a body that was sculpted straight from his teenage fantasies: perfect breasts (small C or large B), perfect ass, and incredible legs. The word perfect is used a lot when describing Jillian.

By six months into her relationship with Alex, her talks with Steve turned from small talk to long conversations. Six months after that, Steve found he was calling their place to speak with Jill, and not Alex. He would actually be disappointed when Alex answered!

When Steve met her, she was immediately added to the Rolodex of hot women that were stored in his head for the purpose of masturbation. Within a few months, he found that the Rolodex only had one page in it – Jillian. He treasured every glance of skin that he could get of her whenever he was over. When she wore a loose top and bent over in front of him, giving him a brief look at her breasts contained in a white bra. Or when he was sitting with Alex in the living room and caught a glimpse of Jill wearing only a towel and darting from the bathroom to the bedroom. Or that time when they went to the beach and she wore that bathing suit…you get the idea.

Things came to a head about a month ago. The three of them were drunk, and Alex had passed out in the bedroom. Long story short – Steve had kissed her…and she didn’t turn away. In fact, she really got into the kiss, and it wasn’t just the alcohol that made her pussy wet. It was a tingling sensation that was happening in her crotch more and more often when she saw this man. It was only her guilt that broke up the kiss. Or was it the fear of getting caught?

From there, Steve began to come on strong to her over the next few weeks. She found that she didn’t mind. He was popping by more often, hoping to catch Jill alone, but never succeeding. Their phone conversations became more intimate, though neither seemed to cross that line.

That may have ended with the phone conversation that she just had with him. She actually phoned him this time. He had been making overtures to her over the past couple of weeks that the two of them should get together and watch a movie. It was a movie that Alex would never watch with her, so Steve took that as an opening and ran with it. She had been afraid to be alone with Steve for that length of time, and was scared to move forward. Until now.

Tomorrow, she and Alex were to go to his parents place for dinner and spend the evening there. The entire plan seemed quite boring to her, and the more she thought about that movie, and Steve, the more she wanted to skip the visit to the in-laws.

Heart pounding, she picked up the phone and told Steve that she would be trying to get out of the visit, and if so, she would be interested in watching that movie. She told Steve that if she could get out of the visit, she would call him as soon as Alex left. The two ‘friends’ spoke for another half hour before hanging up. Jill realized that she was really wet. Why? It was only a movie! Would Steve try and kiss her? Likely yes, she admitted to herself. Would she kiss back? Definitely not! Alcohol would not be an excuse this time! She had been dying to see the movie, and Steve was cool to hang out with.

The next morning, a Friday, Jillian acted sick. She and Alex went to same university, and they drove in together. In the afternoon, moving forward with her plan, she made Alex miss his last class to take her home – she was burning up! A total lie, of course. The only thing about her that was hot was her crotch!

5:30 rolled around, and Jill was weaker than ever. She was in bed, under the sheets, napping when Alex woke her up to tell her to get ready.

“I can’t do it,” she moaned. “I feel like shit.” How could she lie to her boyfriend like that? The best way for her to deal with that question was to not ask it to herself. 

Alex didn’t spend a lot of time trying to change her mind. He understood. After all, she had been sick all day, right?

“Okay.” He relented as he finished getting ready. He walked over to her. “I’ll try not to be too late. I’ll come home at 10 or 11 to take care of you. Alright hunny bunny?”

Jill smiled, weakly, eyes still shut.

“Ohhh, you’re sweet.” She replied. He kissed her forehead, which didn’t feel any hotter than usual (but what did he know?), and then kissed her mouth softly.

“I’ll see you later. I love you!” he said as he walked out of the bedroom.

“I love you, too!” she replied in a sick, husky voice.

She heard the apartment door shut, and she immediately grabbed the cordless by the bed. She quickly dialed Steve’s number.

“Hello?” Said a voice on the other end.

“Hi!” She replied, voice suddenly strong and healthy.

“Hey!” 

“He’s gone.”

“Okay, I’ll be right over with the movie.”

She hung up the phone and leapt out of bed. Jillian spent the next twenty minutes getting ready as quickly as she could – for some reason caring about her appearance when it was only Steve coming by.

Alex, meanwhile, spent the same twenty minutes thinking about the love of his life and her poor health. He really wanted to do something nice for her, to show her he loved her and maybe earn some brownie points while he was at it! Decision made, he pulled into a plaza on the other side of town. He was about ten minutes away from his parents, but he called them from a payphone and cancelled their dinner. Jillian was too sick and needed him to take care of her.

There was a knock on the door and Jill’s pussy flooded. She couldn’t help her body’s natural reaction, and her heart pounded when she opened the door. There stood Steve, handsome as ever, holding a movie and a bottle of wine. He was wearing dark pants and a blue, long sleeve dress shirt. She wore jeans and a tight white T-shirt, and her hair was up in a clip.

The two ‘friends’ sat down side by side on the couch after Steve grabbed a corkscrew out of the kitchen, along with a couple of glasses. The TV was on, but the movie sat on the coffee table as he poured each of them a glass.

The conversation was nervous, and they each took a drink. It was different. The two had been such good friends, and got along so well, but now things were different and they both knew it. Jill took another drink, and set the glass down on the table. She turned to him and realized that he had been staring at her. Silently, he set the drink down, not breaking his gaze. Heart pounding, he leaned forward. She realized what he was doing and made no move to stop him. His lips touched hers as he kissed her softly. She closed her eyes as he kissed her again.

Her heart was racing. She wanted this so badly! She couldn’t continue, though. Her boyfriend was too important to her. Steve lightly pulled her upper lip outward a little. His tongue caressed her lips and she found herself opening her mouth. His tongue darted inside, exploring her mouth. He placed his hand on her thigh, and his touch sent bolts of electricity up her body. Jillian sent her tongue into his mouth, losing herself in the moment. She could feel his hand slide slowly up her thigh and the tingles in her pussy increased tenfold. 

He touched her. Sure, it was over her jeans, but when she felt his fingers caress her crotch she was all his. All inhibitions dropped. 

“Mmmph…” she moaned into his mouth. Her one hand went around to the back of his head, holding it in place. Her other hand landed on his thigh. She had no more control. She wanted this man, and she realized that she had for a long time. Her small hand caressed up his thigh to the bulge in his pants. When she felt his thick bulge, a surge of desire shot through her. She kissed him more urgently as his hand continued to manipulate her needy crotch. 

When his hand undid the button on her jeans, she made no move to stop him. Jillian rubbed her tongue along his as she felt her zipper slide slowly downward. They were breathing heavily into each other’s mouths as Steve slipped his hand into his buddy’s girlfriend’s panties. He ran his fingers through the curls of her pubic hair. He felt the hot moisture of her slit, and she sighed into his mouth. His finger rubbed the top of her horny slit, nudging her clitoris and sending tingles of pleasure up her small body.

“Ohhh…” she moaned before kissing him again passionately. His finger slowly eased down the folds of her quivering slit until it reached the entrance to her treasure. Jill was panting. She knew she had gone too far already, but still she wanted more. He dipped his finger inside her, and the feelings that he gave her were pure heaven. A man other than Alex was feeling the inside of her pussy for the first time in over two years. 

Her tongue danced around his mouth urgently as her fingers played with his hair. Her crotch was subtly humping against his hand, needing more. Steve continued to gently slide his digit in and out of her wet tunnel, his hand was repeatedly nudging her clit, sending bolts of electricity up her body. 

“Mmmm…” she purred, and she could not stop her tiny hand from undoing the button on his pants. Her nimble fingers slowly eased the zipper down. Breathing laboriously, Jillian’s hand slipped into his boxers and quickly found what she was looking for. Her fingers circled around his thick member, and now it was his turn to moan into her mouth as she caressed his cock. 

She began to stroke him as he continued to tease her hungry pussy with his finger. She became even more aggressive, pulling his penis out into the open. It felt so long! Heart pounding, she broke the kiss and looked down. The organ that was in her hand was slightly longer than Alex’s, and definitely thicker! Shaking nervously, she slowly bent her head down. Her tongue snaked out and she slowly licked from the base of his manhood up to the head. Steve pulled his hand out of her pants and closed his eyes, his hand stroking her back. 

Jillian looked at the thick, mushroom head of his cock for a moment before running her tongue around it gently. She circled his helmet twice before kissing it softly. She opened her mouth and slowly took him inside.

Alex, meanwhile was just walking out of a deli holding a takeout bowl of hot soup. Jill would appreciate something warm to soothe her sore throat. Little did he know that she already had something to put in her mouth, and it was massaging her throat at that very moment!

“Ohhhh…” Steve sighed, arching his head back as he felt his manhood slowly become engulfed in the warmth of her mouth. 

More of her inhibitions dropped as she felt the top of this new penis touch the back of her mouth, and she sucked harder on it. Jill began to bob her head up and down on his lap, excitedly. Her pussy was tingling like crazy as her lips ran up and down his rock hard shaft hungrily. ‘slurp slurp slurp slurp.’

Her mouth felt incredible. This experience was more than he hoped! Her lips glided smoothly up and down his rod, and he was subtly humping his hips up off the couch, unable to help himself. ‘slurp slurp slurp slurp’ her eyes were closed, she fully into her blowjob at this point. 

He reached his hand around her and cupped her small breast over her shirt, gently squeezing it. Thrills shot through her body at his touch, from her breast straight down to her crotch. “Mmmmph!” she moaned around his tool.

It was a good thing Steve jerked off before he went over there, otherwise he wouldn’t stand a chance! Regardless, she was so skilled that he had to put a stop to it. He couldn’t blow this opportunity by cumming too soon! He gently reached under her chin and raised her head up. His penis popped out of her mouth and she looked up at him. She sat up and he kissed her lightly on the mouth.

“Let’s go to the bedroom.” He said softly. Reality sunk in, and with it came fear. What was she doing?

“We shouldn’t.” she protested. He shut her up with his mouth, kissing her again. Her heart beat faster and she kissed him back, passionately.

“We should…” they kissed again, lips smacking. “…stop…” she finished. She couldn’t be more aroused, and she sent her tongue deep into his mouth. Steve eased his hand back into her panties, quickly finding her soaking wet slit. It was wetter than ever!


“Mmmmph!” she breathed, bolts of pleasure firing up her body. He slowly caressed her sensitive slit with his finger, and she squirmed before him. He squeezed a finger into her tight hole.

“Ohhh…” she moaned, breaking the kiss and arching her head back. Desire surged through her. She needed more than a finger in there! But how far could she take this? Rather, how far SHOULD she take this?

“Okay.” She breathed. “Let’s go to the bedroom.” His cock nearly shot a load prematurely at her words. She did not promise intercourse, but this was the closest thing to it!

Mercifully, he pulled his hand out of her panties and stood up. Jillian remained seated, heart pounding as she tried to control herself. She looked up at him and noticed that he offered her his hand. Smiling nervously, she took it, and he helped her to her feet. 

They went into the bedroom, the one that she shared with Alex. He grabbed her by the arm and she turned to him. His lips were on hers, kissing her urgently. His hands slid down her back to her ass, squeezing it gently over her jeans. She found herself pressing herself against Steve as she kissed him. She was conscious of the bulge in his pants pressing against her stomach, and her pussy tingled with arousal at the sensation. 

He slipped a hand into the back of her jeans, sliding into her panties and caressing over the smooth skin of her ass. He could not believe he was feeling Jill’s naked ass. Jill!

As his tongue explored her mouth, he slowly brought his hand back up the back of her body, taking her shirt with it. She could feel her skin gradually become exposed as her shirt slid up her body. She broke the kiss, raising her arms as he pulled her shirt up over her head and off, dropping it on the floor. She stood before him, panting, her white bra exposed.

Unable to help herself, she found herself reaching out and grabbing Steve’s shirt. She slowly eased it up his body until he helped her pull it off. He then caught her off guard by pushing her roughly on the bed. Jillian landed with her legs open, feet flat on the bed, and Steve was quick to lie on top of her. Again his mouth was on hers, this time he was grinding his crotch against her. 

“Mmmph!” she sighed into his mouth, bolts of pleasure shooting up her spine as he rubbed his bulge against her crotch. It felt so incredible; she closed her eyes and threw herself into the kiss. Her feet began to caress up and down the outside of his legs, her hands caressed the warm skin of his back. 

Steve broke the kiss and began to trail his lips down the soft skin of her neck. He gently kissed down her chest as she gasped for breath. He kissed down the small slope of her cleavage until he reached her bra. Hand shaking, her nervously brought his hand up to her shoulder and grabbed her bra strap. He slowly eased it down her arm, inch by inch, until the cup of the bra drew away from her breast, revealing to him her light pink areola for the first time. His heart soared at the sight, and he bent and briefly took her erect nipple into his mouth. Tingles shot from her breast to her crotch as he released her nipple. She was panting beneath him as she watched his tongue trail a circle around her areola. 

As his tongue teased her breast, his hand was rubbing her pussy over her jeans, driving her insane with need. He began to slowly kiss down the pale skin of her taut belly until he reached the top of her pants. They were open, and he could see her white cotton panties underneath. Gripping the sides of her jeans, he tugged downward. Jillian found herself raising her ass off the bed and allowing the best friend of her boyfriend to pull her pants down her sexy legs. 

She pulled her feet out of them, one by one, and he pulled her socks off at the same time. The woman of his dreams now lay before him dressed only in a skimpy pair of wet panties, and a bra that was half off. He lay between her legs and kissed her stomach just below her belly button. Jill felt tingles shoot up from her crotch in anticipation. He was so close to where she needed him to be!

He could smell the strong scent of her arousal as his lips trailed across her skin just over the top of her panties. Steve kissed her pussy lips over the thin material, and was caught off guard by just how wet the cotton was. Jillian gasped, toes curling as bolts of pleasure shot up her body. He placed his mouth over the lips of her cunt and sucked gently through the cotton.

“Ohhhh…” she sighed, squirming. She found herself reaching down between her thighs and holding his head in place as he ate her out over her underwear. She was writhing her pussy up off the bed, the feelings inside her grew more intense. Steve could taste her wonderful juices through her panties, and he sucked harder, his hands sliding underneath her ass. 

He placed a thumb at the side of her panties and slowly pushed them to one side. Gradually, the pink swollen lips of her pussy became exposed to him, and his heart soared with desire. He kissed them softly, and she gasped as the electricity raced up her body. She was gasping for breath, completely wired over this fantastic new experience. 

His tongue shot out and he slowly ran his tongue up from the bottom of her slit up to the top, gathering her juices. He teased her tiny button lightly, sucking it briefly into his mouth before releasing it. Steve grabbed the sides of her panties and tugged downward. Helpless to resist, Jillian raised her ass up off the bed and allowed her boyfriend’s buddy to slowly slide her skimpy panties down her sexy legs. She pulled her feet out of them one by one, and placed them flat on the bed wide apart for him. 
