 The night was hot. Humid. The air heavy with moisture. Unable to sleep, she lay in bed listening to the whine of the overhead fan, watching the shadow of the whirling blades across her legs. “So hot!” she said out loud. Her short black lace night gown clung to her body, perspiration trickling down between her breasts. Sitting up in bed, she looked at the clock on the table next to her bed. 1 AM. Thunder was rumbling in the distance. She swung her legs to the side of the bed and sat with her feet on the floor, looking across the room to the open French doors. Turning on the bedside lamp, she got up and slowly walked through the doors onto the balcony. The full moon was shinning brightly between the gathering dark clouds. A characteristically wide ring around the moon. Sure sign of a storm approaching, she thought. A soft breeze blew across her face. Holding onto the railing of the balcony, she lifted her chin into the air and took a deep breath, enjoying the cooling effect of the breeze. Movement caught her attention out of the corner of her eye. She turned her head toward the stable, but didn’t see anything. “I need to cool off, and it’s a beautiful night for a ride. I imagine Seascape would enjoy a midnight run.” She turned and rushed back into her bedroom. Pulling on her blue jeans, she decided not to put a top on. “I’m covered by this nitie and no one will see me anyway.” She grabbed her boots and was on her way to the stable. He stood watching her from the stable door. She was a vision, standing there in the moonlight. The breeze caught her long black hair and blew it across her face. He could see through her night gown with the light from her bedroom behind her. He could see the outline of her breasts and her slim waist, that gave way to a shapely buttocks. He drew in a sharp breath and blew it out slowly as he felt himself stir. Wiping perspiration from his brow, he walked back into the stable.

She walked across the extensive grounds of the estate enjoying the breeze. Seascape caught her scent when she entered the stable and whinnied. She walked up to the chestnut, rubbed his nose and patted his neck, talking softly to him. “How would you like to go for a midnight ride boy? Maybe cool off a bit.”

“Don’t you think you should wait? It’s going to storm.”

Startled at the unexpected voice, she turned swiftly around, with her hand over her heart that was thumping wildly in her chest. Sucking in a ragged breath, she said, “Who are you and what are you doing here?” He was standing in the shadows.

“I didn’t mean to frighten you, ma’am.” His gaze wandered to her heaving breasts, and a faint smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. It had started to rain on her way to the stable, and the top of her lacy see through night gown, clung to her like a second skin. His perusal of her led him to her boot covered feet, and slowly back up to her flashing, angry dark eyes. 

She crossed her arms over her breasts and through clinched teeth said, “What do you think your doing, and why haven’t you answered me? Who are you and what are you doing here?”

“My name is Ken. Ken Drexal. I’m the new foreman. I was hired today.” He stepped out of the shadows and offered her his hand as he said, “and you are?”

She sucked in her breath as he stepped into the dim light that was always left on at night. It was her turn to peruse him and she did it slowly. He was much taller then her 6 foot height. At least 6 foot 5 inches, she thought. She began her assessment of him by looking in his eyes. What she saw was unmistakable desire. His face was not handsome, but ruggedly good looking, with a square chin. Her eyes lowered to his torso. He wore no shirt, the belt on his blue jeans was unbuckled and the top button was unfastened. He had a heavily haired massive chest, and muscled arms that had weight lifter written all over them. She let her eyes wander further down to the growing bulge in his jeans. Impressive, she thought, as she drew in a deep breath. His legs were long and muscular. His jeans didn’t conceal any part of him. It had been a long time since she’d been with a man and this man was unlike any she had met before. Instant attraction! She wondered what he would feel like, skin to skin. Her face felt warm. Looking at him, she saw a knowing smile looking back at her. Ignoring it, she held out her hand and said, “My name is Nancy Parsons. My father owns this estate. I knew he was looking for a foreman, but didn’t know he had hired one today.” He took her hand in his and raised it to his lips as he took a step closer. They were inches apart. When his lips touched her hand she felt moisture gathering , felt tingling where she hadn’t felt it in a long time.

“Pleased to meet you Miss Parsons.”

Their eyes locked. He looked down at her pouty lower lip and wanted to taste it. She looked at his full masculine lips and that was all the encouragement he needed. He brushed her lips lightly with his, back and forth. His hands came to her either side of her face and tilted her head up for better access. They looked into each other’s eyes and he lowered his head to lightly brush her lips again. Her heart began to pound. She had never felt lips as soft as his. Had never been kissed as tenderly. He kissed her then, with little pressure, just enough to put his lips fully on hers. He felt her breathing increase and felt himself stir, for the second time that night. The tip of his tongue traced her lips and she parted them slightly, inviting him in. He didn’t enter, instead he sucked her lower lip, then her top lip, brushing them with his. Making love to them. She had never been turned on this much from kissing. Ever! He deepened the kiss then, increasing the pressure. Her arms had remained at her sides, were suddenly on his shoulders, pulling him closer. That was what he wanted. He wanted her to come to him. His hands left her face. He put his arms around her and crushed her to his chest, feeling her ample breasts pressed against him. He claimed her mouth then. His tongue parting her lips, searching for and finding hers. He thrust his tongue in and out of her mouth.......slowly, tongue fucking her mouth. She whimpered and he grew hard. She felt his hardness against her stomach and began rubbing him with her hand. He thrust his hips in rhythm to her rubbing, then pulled away from her and looked tenderly into her eyes and said, “Do you want me to stop?’

“No.”

“Do you want this as much as I do?”

“Yes.”

“Will you trust me completely and do as I say without question? You will experience exquisite pleasure and I promise no harm will come to you.”

“Yes.”

“I’m going to remove your clothing now. I want you to stand there and allow me to do it.” When he had her undressed, he walked around her slowly, looking at every inch of her luscious body. Her breasts were full, uplifted at just the right angle, with pink nipples that he ached to suck. Her back was straight and sloped to a heart shaped buttocks. She had a lacy black butterfly tattoo behind her right shoulder. So sexy, he thought. Her legs were long and shapely. Her skin creamy and flawless. Her black curly hair hung down to mid back. He came around to the front of her and looked at her beautiful face. He had never seen a woman this lovely and never a woman he desired more then this woman. Holding her eyes with his, he unzipped his jeans, let them fall to the floor and kicked them away. He stood in front of her. A giant of a man. Tall, rugged and fully aroused. Her eyes were drawn to his manhood. She sucked in her breath at his size. He was magnificent and she wanted him! All of him!

Thunder rumbled closer and it began to rain harder. It was hot and sultry. He had perspiration on his brow and she glistened with the heat. The breeze had turned into wind, but it was hot wind and brought little relief to the sticky night.

The stable was of modest size, with six stalls and four horses. The two empty stalls were scrubbed clean with fresh straw on the floor. It was to one of these stalls that he lead her.

They walked hand in hand to the stall. The air was close. No breeze reached this area. So hot, he thought. She’s perspiring now, but she’s going to get much hotter. He turned her so she was facing a wall and said, “I want you to take two steps back, then put out your hands and lean against the wall with your arms straight. Then I want you to spread your legs wide.” 

She followed his instructions.

“Perfect. Now, do not remove your hands from that wall. No matter what I do to you or what you feel. Do not remove your hands. Do you understand me?”

“Yes,” she said.

She was beautiful standing there like that. All his. Trusting. Anticipating. A small trickle of sweat running down her back. Her breasts hanging slightly, in full view as he stood to the side looking at her, wondering what she was thinking. His cock throbbed as he took it into his hand and stroked it. “Look at me,” he commanded, “Look at what I’m doing.” She watched him stroking, her eyes filled with desire. “Do you want this,? 

“Yes.”

“How bad do you want this? 

“I want it bad.”

“Where do you want this?”

“I want to taste it and then I want to feel it inside of me.”

“Where inside of you.”

“Everywhere you want to put it.”

“Your hands are slipping. Put them back up there!”

He walked up behind her, put one hand on her hip and pulled her hair to the side with his other hand. Bending he kissed the side of her neck, from her ear to her shoulder and back up again, then went to the other side. She sighed and her legs began to tremble. He had found her vulnerable spot. All inhibitions were gone when her neck was kissed like that. She was filled with desire. Wet. He turned her head to the side and kissed her deeply, lingering, loving the feel of her mouth on his. He stepped back and told her to look straight ahead, then he walked up behind her, his body pressed against hers, and held a breast in each hand. She inhaled deeply as he rolled her nipples. She laid her head back on his chest and whimpered as he pinched them ..hard...not hard enough to cause real pain...but hard enough to be slightly uncomfortable. A woman’s body is wondrously put together. There is a direct line from nipple to vagina, almost like a bolt of electricity, and she felt every watt. So hot! His strong hands gently squeezed her breasts, kneading them. He ducked under arms and came up in front of her, sucking one breast and then the other. Giving each one thoural attention. Nibbling, tongue swirling around each erect nipple. She moaned her pleasure. Only when he had had his fill did he leave her and press his body to her back, his rock hard cock between the cheeks of her ass moving up and down, teasing both of them. He began kissing her back, down..down..across her buttocks down the outside of one leg to the ankle, crossing over to the inside, kissing up...up...stopping at the place she wanted him to go...down the inside of her other thigh and up the outside, to her buttocks and back to her neck. Her hands came off of the wall. She reached back to hold his head. Her heart pounding, every nerve awake, eyes closed and head rolling from side top side. 

“Put your hands back on the wall!”

She did. 

He reached between her legs from the back, and felt her wetness, inserting first one finger and then two, taking them out and sliding them up her slit to her hard nub. He pressed in on it and held it there. She moaned when he started rubbing “Ohhh...please,” she said, “Your driving me insane.” Her legs stiffened and he stopped. 

“Keep looking at the wall,” 

She heard him move away from her, then heard him return.

“Spread your legs wider and look down so you can watch.” She spread her legs as far as she could without falling and looked down. He placed and old three legged milking stool on the floor slightly in front of her spread-eagled legs, then sat down with his head facing her love mound. 

“Do you know what I’m going to do to you now?”

“Yes.’

“Do you want me to?”

“Yes, oh god , yes!”

His hot tongue licked her. Tasted her. He loved how she tasted. A slight mustiness that was all woman. His tongue flicked back and forth across her hard clit. 

She could feel her inner muscles clamping down on nothing. She needed him inside of her. She begged him, “Please fuck me! Fuck me now!”

He grabbed her clit with his mouth and began sucking gently. Her hips thrusting forward, unable to remain still. Her hands dropped to his head. He stopped.

‘Put your hands back on that wall. I don’t want to have to tell you again!”

She put her hands back on the wall.

He started sucking her clit again, only harder this time, while inserting two fingers into her pussy and one finger into her anus. She rotated her hips wildly, thrusting, calling out, whimpering and moaning, Her toes were curling and gripping the floor and her fingers were pushed hard into the wall. He felt her stiffen and sucked harder and faster until she came. She screamed, over and over again, everytime her body convulsed. He loved making her cum. Sweat was dripping off of her. 

He was so hard! It took every ounce of control he had not to touch himself, not to cum. He stood up and putting his hands on top of hers, gently put her arms down to her sides, turned her around to face him, and held her in his arms. He whispered softly, “Suck me, please.”

She dropped to her knees, took his hard cock into her mouth and sucked him. She not only sucked him, but made love to his cock with her mouth, taking it into the back of, and down her throat. She kissed it and licked it and sucked it, then went to his balls and gave them the same attention. He thought he had died and gone to heaven. She felt his balls tighten and stopped. She laid down on the soft hay and said, “Fuck me, please fuck me.”

He did. He entered her and inch at a time. Feeling her muscles grip him, pulling him deeper. They moved in unison. Meeting each other. Fucking. Breathless. Hearts beating as one. He pounded her! His balls slapping her ass. Harder and harder and faster, using all of his strength. She was screaming, “Please don’t stop....please don’t stop....I’m going to cum again...and she did. He could feel his climax building....building....that heavenly sensation of suspension just before he exploded deep inside of her. He collapsed on top of her, utterly and totally spent. They lay panting, breathless, their sweat mixing together. 

The storm hit. Torrential rain. Thunder shook the ground. Lightening lighted the sky and the stable. The storm outside was raging as violently as their love making had been inside. The wind was no longer hot. It blew across their hot bodies, cooling them.