 The summer before my Junior year of college was a hot one. I was back home, and on our days off, my high school friends and I did everything we could to try and stay cool while still enjoying the great outdoors- but it was tough. Our usual pastimes like hiking or walking around downtown had truly lost their charm in the heat. 

My group of friends included two guys, Brady and John, who graduated with me from high school, but both went out of state for college. I'd known them most of my life, and we were pretty close, despite our distance during the school year. We also hung out with Brady's girlfriend, Jessica, and her twin Joanna, who we often referred to as "the Jays." Both were pretty cool girls that we all got along with well. They both went to Brady's college. Brady and Jessica were madly in love, and everyone but John knew that Jo had a thing for him, she was just too shy to say anything to him. He was completely oblivious.

Our group included John's younger sister as well, who had just finished her senior year in high school, and was bound in August for the same in-state university I attended. Her name is Melody, and boy, was she something.

Despite being the youngest in our group, Mel never missed a beat. In fact, she was probably the most mature and intelligent one of us all, and was always ready with a snappy comeback whenever we teased her about her age. She was also fine as hell. Literally one of the sexiest girls I have ever seen. She has long, dark black hair and dark eyebrows that made her deep blue eyes shine incredibly bright. Despite her harder features, she had a face that showed her gentle nature, and her skin was milky white. She was an average 5 ft 7 inches but had a toned and tight body from years of cross country running. Her legs were long and lean, and her ass was round and firm. I could usually not keep myself from staring at it. Unlike many runners, however, her tits were not flat, but big and juicy, filling out her tight running shirts and sports bras.

Needless to say, I had been extremely attracted to her for the last 4 or 5 years, when she started to look less like John's baby sister and more like a smoking hot sex goddess. Lucky for me, John was well aware of my feelings for his sister, considering I was horrible at hiding them, and seemed to be keen on the idea of us getting together. He had noticed many a boner due to her skimpy pajamas or tight running clothes. Most of the time he just said something stupid like "It's so sweet Nate, we could be, like, brothers!"

John was great, but intelligence was not his gift.

Anyway, John's approval did nothing to keep me from going after his sister, and I'm not insecure about my looks or anything like that. I mean, Mel is definitely out of my league; she's out of everyone's league, but I'm not horrible looking by any means. In fact, at 20, I was in the best shape I would probably ever be in. I hit the gym 6 days a week and it showed; I have wide shoulders that come in to a relatively small waist, a triangle shape I developed with years of swimming competitively before college. Since then I have added lean muscle, giving myself a solid 6-pack and a decent set of pecs and biceps. I wasn't a small guy either, standing just under 6 ft tall. The rest of me was pretty plain. Blonde, short hair and brown eyes didn't seem like anything too special, but my exes seemed to like the combination.

Overall, the only things that has kept me from asking Melody out all these years were her own, numerous boyfriends. It was seriously like the moment she blossomed into such a beautiful woman, no one could keep their hands off of her. She dated someone for over a year, another for at least 6 months; she just was never single for very long. Even now, I'm pretty sure she has a boyfriend, though she doesn't talk about him much.

Anyway, it was a hot summer. And it led to an interesting one.

"I'm so fucking bored..." John remarked when we were all hanging out in my basement, pigging out and trying to stay cool. 

I threw the remote at him. "Shut up, John."

"He's right Nathaniel, we need to do something. Something fun," Jo shot back at me, knowing I hated being called by my full name.

"Like what?" I asked.

"I was going with my friend Katie to her lake cabin over the long weekend, maybe you guys could come?" Melody said. "She just got dumped and we were going to go up for some detoxing, but it's a huge house, I doubt she would mind you all coming."

"Sick! I'm down, I already have it off work!" Brady announced as he got up and did a happy jig around the room.

Jessica chimed in, "Is your beau Jack going to be there, Mel? He creeped me out."

"No, he was creepy. We only went on a few dates and then I ended it," Mel replied.

"Good, then I'm in," Jessica said.

We all agreed, and Melody left to call Katie, while the rest of us tried to get our shifts covered. I still couldn't believe Mel was single. I didn't want to ruin our friendship at this point, though, so it didn't matter.

"She's in, as long as we bring lots of booze," Mel announced on her way back into the room. "This is going to be so fun!"

Somehow, everyone managed to get their shifts covered, and we locked in our plans.

Two weeks later, I pulled into the Jays' driveway with Mel, John, and Katie fucking around in the backseat while I chauffeured them. I was pretty horny that morning, and Katie was almost as hot as Mel; a natural blonde with huge tits and a giant ass. She was a bit short and thick for my taste, though. She was similar looking to Joanna and Jessica, actually. Both her and Mel were in short running shorts and thin tank tops, and were already wearing their bathing suits underneath. When I picked them up, I could see their nipples through their thin tanks, and I got hard fast. Watching Mel's shorts ride up in the back seat didn't help matters either. I knew I should have tried to get laid before this trip, because now I'd be horny the entire time.

We were taking the Jays larger SUV for the 45 minute long drive up to the lake. I opened the trunk to put in our overnight bags, and was taken aback by how much shit was packed in there, with barely enough room for our bags.

"Shit, Jo, why did you pack your entire house for a 3 day trip?" I asked, more teasingly than angry. Jo loved to plan and had taken over planning this trip, including getting food and everything else we needed.

"I didn't want to forget anything... you'll be thanking me when you realize I'm the only one who remembered to bring toilet paper."

I shoved the last bag in the back and realized only one of the back-row seats was left open. "Jo, there aren't enough seats in here. We can take my car too if you want."

"I know, there wasn't room. But no, that's a huge waste of gas! It's a short trip, someone can just sit on someone's lap," Jo replied. 

Nearly instantaneously, Jessica yelled "NOSE GOES!" I was in the middle of shutting the trunk and was almost the last person, just beating out Katie and Mel, who weren't really listening.

I was silently thanking God for beating them, because my manhood was still at half mast from my earlier erection and I didn't want a sexy woman sitting on it for an extended drive.

"I guess it's Mel and Katie sharing a seat!" I called out.

"No way, it's Katie's cabin! She shouldn't be squeezing in for the ride!" John declared. "That leaves Mel with Nate," he said as he winked at me.

He's a bastard. "Come on, there isn't enough room, why not make two girls share? They're tiny!" I pleaded.

"Jessica is driving," Brady called.

"Yeah, and I packed and it's my car, so there is no way I'm sharing," Jo added.

"Don't worry, Nate, it's a short ride. No biggie!" Mel told me with a smile.

"No biggie until she feels the biggie growing in my pants at the thought of her in my lap", I thought

"Fine, fine, let's get going then!" I said, and we piled into the car. As I watched Mel climb toward the back seat where I was situated, I had a great view of her cleavage. She had a few drops of sweat dripping down her neck, and they slid down into the crevice between her perfect tits.

I'm fucked, I thought. I tried to think about anything but her perfect ass heading towards my lap, but I couldn't.

"It's so hot, sorry I'm sweaty," she said as she turned to look at me just as she landed in my lap. She must have instantly felt my giant bulge, because she shot back up and hit her head on the roof of the car. Her face turned bright red as she lowered herself back down and quickly looked away from me. I've always been grateful to be well endowed at 8 inches, but there was no hiding my excitement in a situation like this, and I was never more embarrassed than I was that day.

Katie sat up and turned to face Mel and tried to whisper something into her ear, which I heard without trouble due to our proximity. 

"Your brother is sexy, you've been holding out on me!" she said just as John slid into the seat next to her and she flipped back around and began a conversation about something unimportant while she touched his arm flirtatiously. 

Once we got off the highway into the back roads after about ten minutes of driving, the car went over all sorts of bumps and curves, causing Mel's firm ass to rub all over my throbbing cock, only increasing the size of my erection. It felt so good to have her against me like that, and it took everything I had not to grasp her hips and grind her into my cock until I exploded. Actually, what I really wanted to do was slide those sexy little shorts and I'm sure scandalous panties down to her ankles and stick my rock hard cock deep inside her little pussy, fucking her hard in the car with everyone in front of us just a few feet away. But that needed to get out of my head, and quickly.

In twenty minutes, the entire back seat was asleep, and Brady wasn't far behind. I decided that I had better use this opportunity to make it less awkward, since Mel hadn't said a word to me the entire ride. I'd been thinking only of basketball, and I had managed to reduce the size of my manhood a decent amount. Just as I was about to open my mouth, Mel turned her head and whispered to me, "don't worry about it, it's not a big deal." Then she turned away again.

That went well, I thought. I decided to try and change the subject and make it less awkward. "So, Katie's into John, huh?" I whispered.

"She's just on the rebound, wants to jump someone this weekend."

"Joanna won't like that," I whisper back, and we both shot a look toward Joanna, who was fast asleep against the door.

"I know," Mel whispered. "I feel bad, but Katie is just a bit of a horn dog. She'd be after you if it weren't for..." she began to explain before blushing quickly trailing off and beginning a new sentence, "Anyway, never mind. But I'm going to encourage Jo to make a move this weekend anyway. That shit needs to happen already."

I tried to convince her to go back and explain, thinking maybe, just maybe, Mel had warned Katie to stay away from me, "I agree about Jo, but what do you mean she would be into me if it weren't for something? For what?" I whispered. 

"Oh... yeah... she just... doesn't like blondes," Mel responded, although it seemed like an excuse to me. Whatever, it didn't matter anyway, I wasn't going to go for it and make things awkward.

"Gotcha," I replied, and our conversation moved on to other things. The entire drive took a little over an hour, since Jessica was an EXTREMELY cautious driver, and by the time we arrived I had to pee horribly, which took my mind off of my excitement and allowed my erection to go down.

When we got out, I ran to the bathroom, had a quick pee, and then returned to the car to help unload. It took seconds after the car was empty for Katie to announce our next step. "To the beach!"

The guys and I had to get changed, but the girls headed down the hill to the little beach along the lake. There was also a dock with a slide and ladder into the water. By the time we arrived, the girls were nearly done applying their sunscreen. 

"Jo, thank you for remembering the sunscreen!" I cried in admonishment as I pulled her into a big bear hug. "You're my hero!"

"Yeah, yeah, Casper, I knew you would need a lot. I have you covered," she said, laughing at my silliness. 

I began to cover myself in the sunscreen, protecting my light skin from the death rays of the sun that I knew would ruin my weekend if ignored, being so pale skinned. 

"Brady, can you get my back?" I asked when I had finished the rest of my exposed skin. 

"Sure dude, after Jessica is done with mine," He replied lazily.

"I'll get it for you!" Mel piped it, getting up and grabbing the tube. 

This girl was really testing my resolve. Her touch was electric and she rubbed her hands up and down my back, sliding her fingers slightly below my waistband to account for any movement of my suit. I was on the verge of pitching a tent, and had to watch Jessica rub a huge glob around on Brady's hairy back to avoid it. It was gross and did the trick, and I managed to get through the amazing back rub I was receiving without much issue. At least I knew she did a good job; Mel was as pale as I was and was always good about putting on sunscreen.

After letting our sunscreen soak in, we all headed into the water, some on floaties and others just paddling around. I swam competitively for about ten years until I graduated from high school, so I loved the water. We slid down the slide into tubes and had a blast. Melody looked amazing the entire time, the water glistening off her body, her dark bikini hugging all the right places and offering plenty of side boob. Overall, it was a good show, and I was rarely fully soft.

After some time, Mel, Brady, and Jessica had gotten out of the water and we're lounging on the dock. I was faster than all of them combined, probably, but those left in the water still insisted on having a swim race. Once I creamed them, Katie decided they needed to have a rematch, but that I should have a handicap.

John, always quick to put me in a compromising position with Melody, responded quickly, "Mel, ride on his back while he swims!"

"Wow, that's an awfully big handicap," I replied, trying to get out of any situation where I had to touch Mel with this little of clothing.

"Shut up, Nate, I'm light as a fucking feather, you ass," Mel snapped back, diving beautifully into the water.

"I mean, that's not... I didn't mean to say..." I stuttered out as she swam to me and climbed on my back. I stopped talking when she flashed me a gorgeous smile, and I knew she was kidding. As she settled onto my back, I felt her nipples, hard from the cold, rub against my back. Fuck, it was hot. Her toned legs wrapped around me and I let my hands graze past them as I set up for the race.

"Mush, mush!" Mel said as she smacked me on the ass. If she was going to flirt, so would I.

"You better hang on, we are going to fly," I said as I turned to her and winked. "When I start swimming, just wrap your arms around my stomach and lay down. Feel free to kick," I instructed her. She nodded at me and looked ahead with determination.

"Go!" Katie called from the dock.

And I was off. It was incredible feeling her hard nipples press into my back as I flew through the water. Her weight did nearly nothing to slow me down, and as she and I kicked our legs rubbed together in a very sexy way. Occasionally, when I brought my hand up, I grazed it over her ass. It felt so good to touch her. I wanted so much more.

We quickly reached the dock, though with a slightly less substantial lead than last time. 

"That was really fucking impressive," Katie noted. "I thought that would slow you way down, but you were still so fast!"

Everyone began laughing and joking again, and Melody slid off my back. Quietly, so I could barely hear her over the loud music we were playing, she said, " I hope that you aren't fast at everything." She made what I thought was a fast glance at my package before she turned to The summer before my Junior year of college was a hot one. I was back at home, and on ours days off, my high school friends and I did everything we could to try and stay cool while still enjoying the summer- but it was tough. Our usual pastimes like hiking or walking around downtown had truly lost their charm in the heat. 

My group of friends included two guys, Brady and John, who were in my year in high school, but both went out is state for college. I'd known them most of my life, and we were pretty close, despite our distance during the school year. We also usually hung out with Brady's girlfriend, Jessica, and her twin Joanna, who we often referred to as "the Jays." Both were pretty cool girls that we all got along with well. They both went to Brady's college. Brady and Jessica were madly in love, and everyone but John knew that Jo had a thing for him, she was just to shy to say anything to him. He was completely oblivious.

Our group usually included John's younger sister as well, who had just finished her senior year in high school, and was bound in August for the same in-state university I attended. Her name is Melody, and boy, was she something.

Despite being the youngest in our group, Mel never missed a beat. In fact, she was probably the most mature, intelligent one of us, and was always ready with a snappy comeback whenever we teased her about her age. She was also fine as hell. Literally one of the sexiest girls I have ever seen. She has long, dark black hair and dark eyebrows that made her deep blue eyes shine incredibly bright. Despite those harder features, she had a face that showed her gentle nature, and her skin was milky white. She was an average 5 ft 7 inches but had a toned and tight body from years of cross country running. Her legs were long and lean, and her ass was round and firm. I could usually not keep myself from staring at it. Unlike many runners, however, her tits were not flat, but big and juicy, filling out her tight running shirts and sports bras.

Needless to say, I had been extremely attracted to her for the last 4 or 5 years, when she started to look less like John's baby sister and more like a smoking hot sex god. Lucky for me, John was well aware of my feelings for his sister, considering I was horrible at hiding them, and seemed to be keen on the idea of us getting together. He had noticed many a boner due to her skimpy pajamas or tight running clothes. Most of the time he just said something stupid like "It's so sweet Nate, we could be, like, brothers!"

John was great, but intelligence was not his strong suit.

Anyway, John's approval did nothing to keep me from going after his sister, and I'm not insecure about my looks or anything like that. I mean, Mel is definitely out of my league; she's out of everyone's league, but I'm not horrible looking or anything. In fact, at 20, I was in the best shape I would probably ever be in. I hit the gym 6 days a week and it showed; I have wide shoulders that come in to a relatively small waist, a triangle shape I developed with years of swimming competitively before college. Since then I have added lean muscle, giving myself a solid 6-pack and a decent set of pecs and biceps. I wasn't a small guy either, standing just under 6 ft tall. The rest of me was pretty plain. Blonde, short hair and brown eyes didn't seem like anything too special, but my exs seem to like the combination.

Overall, the only thing that has kept me from asking Melody out all these years are her own, numerous boyfriends. It was seriously like the moment she blossomed into such a beautiful woman, no one could keep their hands off of her. She dated someone for over a year, another for at least 6 months; she just was never single for very long. Even now, I'm pretty sure she has a boyfriend, though she doesn't talk about him much.
