 About a week after I gave my virginity to my best friend's older brother Jason, I sat in my living room thinking over our relationship. After we fucked in Jason's backyard he convinced me to call my Mom and tell her that I was going to spend the night with Gail. Since Gail and her mother weren't due back until late Jason and I could spend the night together in his bedroom in the basement of their house and no one would catch us. That night the two of us talked about our 'relationship'. Jason had a girlfriend, and even if he didn't we both knew that it would damage my friendship with his sister, Gail, if I started dating him. We decided to just have sex with each other whenever we had the opportunity.

The problem was the opportunity wasn't coming enough for me. Jason had a job and it seemed that whenever he wasn't working Gail was home at his house or my parents were home. We had sex a couple of times in his car but I didn't like the small uncomfortable space. I was completely frustrated. My body seemed to be constantly demanding sex. I tried masturbating but I was new at it and not very good. I always just ended up making myself more frustrated that ever. I knew that if I took the time and practiced I would get better...but it was driving me crazy in the meantime.

As I sat in my living room contemplating whether or not I would make another attempt at masturbation the doorbell rang. I jumped up and ran to the door, hoping that it would be Jason. Instead I found a guy named Andy Bailey at the door. He was a grade ahead of me in school. I knew him, but not well enough for him to be paying me an unexpected visit. In fact he had never been to my house before and I was a little shocked to find him there. He asked me if he could come in and talk to me and I led him into the living room. He sat down on the couch and I sat in a chair.

"How's your summer going?" he asked.

"Not bad," I answered.

"From what I understand it seems to be going pretty well," he said, giving me a knowing look.

I was confused, I knew that Jason wouldn't be gossiping about the two of us... "What do you mean?"

He reached into his backpack, pulled out a picture and handed it to me without a word. I took the picture and looked at it. It was a picture of Jason and I in his pool on the afternoon that we had sex. I was standing in the shallow end of the pool and I still had my bikini on... But if he had this he probably had more pictures. "Where did you get this?!" I demanded.

"I took it, photography's a hobby of mine. And I developed it myself too, so you don't have to worry about anyone else seeing them," Andy explained, still looking at me intently.

Suddenly I remember that Andy lived directly behind Jason and Gail. I looked back down at the picture, it was obviously taken with a zoom lens, it looked very close-up. "You have more..."

"Of course I do." Andy started taking pictures out of his bag and spreading them out on the coffee table. There were so many of them! Pictures of Jason and I playing in the pool nude, pictures of me lying on the beachtowel in the grass...Jason fingering my pussy, Jason's head between my legs, Jason fucking me, Jason's penis shooting cum all over my stomach and breasts. I looked at the pictures in awe. I was angry and a little scared but seeing myself in the pictures was also turning me on.

"So what do you want?" I asked, trying to gain control of my emotions.

"I think you know what I want," Andy said. "And if you give me any trouble I can always send these to your parents."

I took a deep breath, sat back in the chair and covered my face with my hands. I wasn't really that upset, I just didn't want Andy to be able to see my face while I thought about the situation. First of all, I wasn't an idiot. I knew that all I had to do was tell Jason and he'd make Andy stay away from me. And if that failed, I could always tell my parents. They'd be furious that I had had sex but they would still protect me. But was that what I wanted? Andy was goodlooking, the quiet, shy type (although he didn't seem very shy presenting those pictures to me!) and I wanted to have sex! Jason just didn't have enough time to spare for me. I decided that I would give Andy a try and if things didn't go well I could always put an end to this blackmail thing easily.

I took a deep breath and uncovered my face. I tried to act upset and scared, I didn't want Andy to know that I wanted him as much as he wanted me. I wanted to see where this 'blackmail' thing would go. "Do you have the negatives?"

"Yeah," he pulled an envelope out of his backpack and handed it to me. I looked inside and saw the negatives.

"Well, I...well, we could...we could do it now and you could give me the negatives. That way I know you won't keep making copies of the pictures. And then...we can work out how I can get the other pictures later," I knew that he probably had more copies of the pictures at home anyway.

He agreed and packed the pictures back up and put them away. I stood up really feeling a little nervous since I didn't know quite what to expect and led him upstairs to my bedroom. He went and sat down at my desk and I looked at him. He really was nice looking, with light brown hair and green eyes. He was very tall and on the thin side. His body certainly wasn't as nice as Jason's...I was curious to know what he would be like in bed. He looked back at me for a few minutes and then told me to take my clothes off.

My heart started to pound. Whenever I had sex with Jason it was like being hit by a tornado, I never had time to think about what we were doing, I just responded. But this...it seemed so businesslike. I slowly reached up and removed my t-shirt. I didn't have a bra on and my breasts fell free of my shirt, my nipples half-hard from my nervous excitement. I looked at Andy but he was just sitting there watching me quietly. I unfastened my shorts and took them off, then removed my panties. I stood there for a few minutes and then Andy told me to lay down on the bed.

I lay down and he walked over to the bed. His hand cupped each of my breasts as if gauging their weight and his thumb brushed each of my nipples to test their response. His hand moved down and his fingers slid through my pussy hair. "Where's the bathroom?" he asked.

I was taken aback by the question, "It's down...down the hall to your left."

"Come on then." He gestured for me to follow him and we walked to the bathroom. Did he want to have sex in the shower? We entered the bathroom and he told me to sit on the edge of the bathtub. I sat down, feeling the coolness of the tub against my naked ass. I watched as Andy rummaged through our medecine cabinet and took out scissors, shaving cream and a couple of new razors.

I started to ask what he was doing but he wasn't paying any attention. He ran some water in the bathtub and then knelt down in front of me and spread my legs. I realized that he was going to shave my pussy and a shiver ran through me. I was really shocked and afraid, what if he cut me? He began to clip my bush and watched him breathlessly. I was afraid to tell him no. He put down the scissors and began to spread shaving cream all over my pussy. It felt nice, cool and soft and my pussy started to respond. He drew the razor slowly and gently over my skin, pushing my pussy lips this way and that to reach new angles. I was doing my best to hide the fact that he was turning me on, but my toes kept digging into the carpet, I hoped that he thought it was from nervousness. Finally, he was finished. He threw the razors away, stood me up in the shower and using the detachable showerhead he rinsed off my pussy. His fingers brushed over my pussy and then delved inside my lips. His fingers struck gooey wetness and he looked at me with a little knowing smile. "No sense trying to hide the fact that I want him now," I thought as he dried me off and led me back to my bedroom.

I lay back down on the bed and he went to my dresser and brought back a small mirror. "Why don't you take a look at your pussy now," he said and stood back to watch me. I placed the mirror between my legs and saw that my pussy was shaven bare except for a triangle of hair above the lips. I looked closely and decided that it looked nice. I heard Andy say, "Touch it." and my fingers traced over my pussy. Oh, it felt so nice and soft! I continued to stroke my pussy, watching my fingers in the mirror until Andy took it away from me. I looked up at him and he sat down next to me on the bed and took off his shirt. His hand went to my pussy and began to play with my lips. "Doesn't that feel much better now?" he asked.

"Yes," I answered breathlessly, watching him intently. His fingers were touching my pussy so lightly, it wasn't giving me any kind of satisfaction. I wondered what he would do next.

"How long have you and Jason been having sex?" he asked.

"That...that was the first time, at the pool..." I answered.

"And how many times have you fucked since then?"

"I don't know...maybe 8 or 9..." It was taking all of my control not to push my pussy against his fingers.

"Have you tried many positions?"

"I...no...I...we did it doggie style once...and...and I tried to sit on his lap once in his car...but...but it didn't work..." I knew that I was going to lose control any moment and beg him to fuck me. His fingers suddenly left my pussy and I gasped in shock. I almost cried out 'no' but I saw his hand going to his shorts. I watched him undo his shorts and then stand up and take them off. His cock stood up tall and proud and huge! It was so big! I couldn't take my eyes off of it, it had to be 9 inches long. I no longer cared what he thought, I wanted that huge cock in my cunt. "Oh please...hurry....please fuck me..."

He was climbing onto the bed and I grabbed him and pulled him down on top of me. My legs were spread as wide as possible and my pussy was bucking upwards, searching for his cock. He moved into position and I felt the head of his cock pushing into my pussy. It was so big! I felt it stretching the walls of my pussy as it forced its way deep inside of me. I wrapped my legs around Andy, I wanted to keep him inside of me forever. He began to thrust his cock in and out of my pussy and it felt amazing. I couldn't control myself, I was screaming at the top of my lungs, bucking my hips upwards to meet every stroke of his thick cock as it filled me completely. And he lasted forever! I had three orgasms and then he pulled his cock out of me, removed the condom and pushed his cock into my mouth. I opened my mouth wide and took as much of his cock as I could. Licking and sucking my own cum off of it. He put his hands in my hair and moved my head back and forth on his cock. I felt it start to twitch and then he was filling my mouth with hot cum. I tried to swallow it but most of it dribbled out of my mouth and down my chin. He released me and we both lay back on the bed, breathing heavily.

After awhile we got up and took a shower together. We washed each other and Andy ate my pussy like a pro. (I later found out that he had been a virgin, he must have been a natural!) Then he had me face the outside of the tub, spread my legs wide and prop myself up on the side of the tub with my hands. He entered me from behind, one arm around my waist and a hand on my clit. He fucked me hard and it felt so good and my orgasm was so intense, it was all that I could do to keep myself propped up on the edge of the tub.

We got out of the shower and dried off. Andy got dressed and gave me the envelope that contained the negatives of the pictures. He told me that he had 47 pictures and that I was going to have to try a new position or scenario to earn each of them.

I told him that I was looking forward to it.