 It was a night I still think about.

I was staying at the same hotel where the convention was held. It had been a whole day of seminars and quite frankly I was sick to death of listening to tech talk. I was scheduled to leave the next morning, but wasn't ready to pack just yet. So I decided to go to the hotel bar and have a couple of drinks before I figured out what to do for dinner.

The bar was situated in the middle of first floor of the hotel, with a water fountain on one side, I guess to provide some ambiance. The hotel itself was constructed such that the rooms went up 14 floors and the central space was open all the way to the top. So anyone with a room that faced inward had a small balcony that overlooked the bar. But I digress.

As I walked up the steps to the bar, I noticed a lot of others had the same idea as I, and the place was really busy. I looked around and found a small table near the fountain. At the table next to mine was a beautiful young woman seated alone. I assumed she was with someone, but as I sat down she looked at me and smiled. She had an engaging smile, to say the least, and I was so captivated by it that was watching her instead of where I was sitting. So, instead of sitting down gracefully I bumped into the table and hit myself in the nuts. I tried to act as though nothing happened, but I think she knew better. She giggled, I blushed and simply said "Hi—I'm your klutz for the evening." She laughed and I couldn't help but notice that her laugh was a beautiful as she.

I ordered a drink and sat quietly sneaking little glances at her. I kept waiting for someone to join but no one did. She was wearing a short, striped yellow skirt that fit low on her hips and looked as though it tied at her waist. She had incredible legs (which I always notice on a woman), and I tried not to appear as though I was staring. Somehow, though, I think she knew.

I thought about asking if I could join her, and almost didn't. But I figured, 'what the hell, I've already made an idiot of myself by bumping into the table.' So, I caught her eye and asked if she minded if I sat with her. And with that engaging smile she said "Sure." As I sat down at her table (this time making sure I didn't hit myself in the nuts again), I told her my name was Tom and that I was staying at the hotel. She said her name was Natalie. We talked for awhile and I noticed how easy she was to talk to. She had a great sense of humor and a sense of confidence that just made her all the more attractive. We had a few more drinks over the next hour, and I became so enamored of her. A couple of times she shifted in her seat and the skirt rode up a bit and I couldn't help but look. Tan, slender, muscular tan legs that I just wanted to touch. As we both got a little more comfortable with one another, we started to touch one another on the arms while talking. The first time she touched me, I felt a tingle go up my arm. Obviously, something was happening and I was pleased that it was.

I know we must have been there for a couple of hours, but it sure didn't seem that long.  We kept getting closer to one another and after a bit I moved my hand from the table to the bench beside me. Then I slowly touched her leg. Again, that tingling feeling, only much more intense. She smiled and put her hand on my leg. We started squeezing and stroking one another gently, and I was getting such a hard on that I had to look down to see if I had a wet spot in my slacks. With a couple more drinks in both of us, I asked her if she would like to go somewhere more private. She said "how about your room. We could order drinks there." I must have had such a stupid grin on my face, because she started laughing. I didn't feel as though she was making fun, and I laughed along with her. I caught the waitress' eye, and signed the check.

As we walked to the elevator (I was on the 8th floor) I put my arm around her waist. God, she felt good! She snuggled next to me as we walked and when we got to the elevator I pushed the button. Then I leaned into her and kissed her. Her lips were so soft, and as we were kissing, she slipped me just the tip of her tongue. I let out an involuntary moan. I didn't want the kiss to end, but the elevator bell dinged and the doors slid open. 

The elevator ride up was one long kiss. I had my hands all over her back and hers here on mine. I felt like as I was on fire as she pressed against me with a kind of urgency. My cock was so hard by then and bulging in my slacks, but I didn't care. I just knew I wanted her.

As we reached my room and I was unlocking the door, Natalie stepped behind me and slipped her leg between mine. I didn't moan this time—I gasped. I had never had a woman do that to me and it was one of the most wonderful sensations I've ever experienced. It just seemed so intimate. I fumbled with the card key, not wanting the moment to end, but at the same time wanting to get her into the room. I finally got the door open and as we slipped inside, she reached down and grabbed my cock. I slid my hand up under her skirt and squeezed her ass. She had such a cute ass and it felt ever better than it looked. A couple of minutes of this and we started, little by little to undress one another. I pulled off her top, and she was wearing a sheer bra underneath. God, what gorgeous breasts! I bent and started sucking her through her bra and she moaned. Actually, it was kind of a feline growl combined with a moan, and I just felt it go through me. She reached up and held her breast for me as a sucked, and I nibbled her nipple softly through the fabric. I slid one of my hands under her skirt, up the inside of her thigh and slid aside her underwear. Her pussy was shaved, oh so smooth, and oh so wet.+

She unbuttoned my shirt and slid it down my arms. I'm not exactly young, but I've kept myself in shape with lifting, martial arts and bicycle riding. She ran her hands over my chest, and it felt so wonderful. I lifted my legs one at a time and slipped off my shows and socks. Natalie then undid my slacks and let them fall to the floor. Next came my silk boxers. I had a raging hard on, and as she reached down and stroked my balls, I slid my finger into her warm, wet pussy.

She pulled away and whispered in my ear "why don't you go get comfortable on the bed and I'll be right there?" She slipped into the bathroom and I did as she suggested (tripped on my damned shoes on the way). I sat on the edge of the bed and fell backward, trying to catch my breath. I couldn't believe what was happening. 

After a couple of minutes, she came out of the bathroom and turned toward the bed. I was still laying back, hard-on and all. She smiled and said "Now there's something I love to do", at which point she came over, knelt between my legs and slowly put her lips on my cock. She went down on me 3 or 4 times, slowly. She then stood up and knelt over me on the bed. I immediately had my hands on her breasts, loving the way they felt. As I fondled her, she pulled up her skirt and knelt over me. She had taken off her panties and as she lowered herself onto my cock, I thought I would explode. I moaned deeply as she moved on me. Then abruptly, she lifted herself off my cock and bent over me, again slowly sucking me. Occasionally she would look at me with those incredible eyes. I couldn't stop watching her, and I must have had another goofy grin on my face because she stopped what she was doing, crawled up the bed, and kissed me deeply. 

As we kissed, I grabbed her and slowly rolled her onto her back. As she bent her legs, I lowered myself until the head of my cock was at the lips of her shaven pussy. Instead of burying myself in her, I started rubbing the head of my cock on her clit. Each time I slid my shaft up, with the underside sliding over her clit, she moaned in a low voice. Finally, I pulled back, not using my hands and pushed into her, slowly burying my head. I took my time slowly pushing into her until I had buried myself up to my balls. Then I pulled out just as slowly. I kept this up until I thought I would explode. Then I pulled out, and moved my face down to her beautiful shaven pussy. I took her clit gently between my teeth and sucked. Each time I did, she lifted her hips to meet me. We were both breathing heavily and she crossed her legs across my back, pulling my face into her.

When she started moving faster, I lifted up, and again without using my hands, slowly pushed my cock into her pussy. I tried to keep it slow, but after 10 or 12 strokes, I had to move faster. She kept saying, softly, "fuck me, fuck me".  As we both picked up the pace, we both neared our orgasm. When she clamped her legs hard on me and said "I cumming" I lost it. With several fast pushes I buried myself as far as I could.

I collapsed beside her, and just stroked her hair. Then we kissed again, so deep and slowly.

I pulled down the covers, and she climbed in. I was so glad she was going to stay. As we began to drift off to sleep, back to my chest, she softly said "If you want me again tonight, just take me." I smiled, and said OK. I wrapped my arm around her, feeling her warmth, knowing we weren't finished.

But that's another story.