 The Jungle Bar in the Menzies Hotel was already nearly full when I arrived just after 7.00 pm. The Jungle Bar was renowned as a bar for sailors on leave as there was always an abundance of beautiful young ladies and the sailors were always cashed up. However, occasionally there were no boats in harbour - this was one of those weekends. There were 10 ladies to every male in the bar, and they were looking hot, very hot. It was going to be a great night! I went straight to bar, ordered Jack Daniels, plenty of ice with a dash of coke - my drink of choice. 

With drink in hand, I took out the keys, found the door and made my way into the booth. I left the light off, but switched on everything else, checked and double checked everything to ensure that I was ready. I was as ready as I would ever be. I was nervous, it was my first time solo, my stomach churned, my pulse raced, the sweat was pouring off me. I tried to convince myself that it was just the heat of the night, but I was scared! It was late January, 1984. The temperature was still in the low 40s and was not expected to get below 20 overnight as it had been for most nights over the past week.

As the clock got closer to 7.30 my nerves increased, I didn't think I could do it, the first JD was gone and I was well into my second - I never drank while I worked, by the time I started the first record at 7.30, I thought that I was going to throw up but as the sounds rang out through the bar and people started to drift onto the dance floor, I began to calm down - I could do this, it would be easy. As I turned on the light to illuminate the booth, heads turned to check out the new DJ. At the end of the first song, I introduced myself and went straight into the second song.

That's when I saw them for the first time. They had just arrived and taken seats just to the left of the booth. They were, quite simply, stunning. The first girl wore a red tank top with a black mini skirt. She had large round breasts that strained against the top, desperately trying to free themselves. Her mini skirt appeared to be sprayed on - it hugged her hips as if it was a size and half a too small.

She looked good... and she knew it. Her friend had on a pink camisole with a black mini, slightly different from her friend but equally as well fitted. She was more petite and as she walked, I was certain that I could see glimpses of pink knickers. Yes, it was going to be a great night. 

I couldn't take my eyes off these two ladies as they danced. They had started to dance with a couple of guys shortly after they arrived.

It was shortly after 9.00pm when they came to the door of the DJ booth. 

"Hi, what's your name? You're new aren't you? Where's Steve the usual DJ? I'm Anita and this is Katie."

"I'm Max," I answered. "Steve's working on the Oriana for the next two weeks, so I guess you're stuck with me!" "Could be worse!" Anita replied with cheeky grin.

We swapped more small talk and they gave me a few tips as to the types of songs to play and made a couple of requests. Their first request was for Nutbush City Limits, the second was for the Time Warp. I put on Nutbush several songs later and was mesmerised watching both Katie and Anita move on the dance floor. 

Katie's nipples got harder and more erect the more she danced and Anita's body oozed pure sex appeal, by the time I got to put on Time Warp several songs later, I was in lust! When the song got to the chorus, both girls were facing me and thrusting their pussies in my direction. Katie's knickers were pink and Anita's were white, both looked wet, and I was drooling!!

They came up to the booth straight after the dance; Anita looked straight at my cock, clearly visible in my jeans. "You must have really enjoyed that dance," she giggled, turned to walk away. "Could you go to the bar for me?" I asked. "I'll buy a drink for you and Katie if you get one for me." "OK," she replied. I told her what I wanted and she returned shortly with the drinks.

As the evening progressed, both Katie and Anita came to the booth both to talk and request songs, we been had really hitting it off well. They had been dancing with many different guys as the night went on and if any started to get heavy, they gave them the flick. At 11.30pm when I played my last song, they were still on the dance floor but by the time I had packed up my gear they were nowhere to be seen. I was disappointed but I'd had a great night and nothing was going to spoil it.

As I walked out of the bar, Anita was outside having an argument with one of the guys she'd been dancing with earlier. Katie was standing near her, saw me coming and mouth "HELP" as I approached. "There you are," I said, grabbing Anita by the arm as I got close enough. "I'm going! I didn't know where you'd got to and here you are chatting up some guy - You give me the shits!" I turned to Katie and asked if she was coming or staying. She grabbed Anita and dragged her after me. 

They both thanked me we got out to the back of the Hotel, all pissing ourselves laughing. We chatted for about 15mins and I asked if they needed a lift home. The heat of the night hit us all as we left the Hotel and they told me that they were living at Bondi and that they would find their own way home. "What sort of 'boyfriend' would I be if I made you find their own way home?" I smirked and after a little persuasion, they agreed to the lift.

We arrived at their flat shortly after 2 am, Anita made me a drink, "DJ, rocks - dash of coke," she said as she handed it to me. We moved to the lounge room and Katie and I sat down and Anita excused herself. She returned 5mins later, her hair wet, wearing a red chemise. "That's much better," she said as she sat down. "I feel so much better after that shower." She was beautiful and again I felt myself staring. 

I turned to Katie but she had gotten up and was walking to the door, "I'm having a shower too," she said as she disappeared down the hall. I couldn't get my eyes off Anita, her nipples were clearly visible through her top and her pussy lips strained in the knickers. 

My cock was so hard that it was beginning to hurt and when Katie returned to the room with black and blue baby doll on, I thought I was going to cream my pants. Her breasts were much smaller than Anita's but her nipples were huge - and erect. They kept making me drinks, each one stronger than the last; and I kept perving - I had given up all pretence of not looking and I told them how much I liked their 'sleep wear'.

I was getting bolder as the JD took its effect. Anita's hand kept moving over her pussy as we talked, and every so often I got a glimpse of her glistening pussy lips. I had no way to tell if it was deliberate or not but I didn't care. I wanted to dive on her and taste her juices!! Katie's hand kept moving backwards and forwards over her sensational breasts as if she was attempting to keep her nipples erect. I loved what she was doing - I could almost taste them. If I had to decide which you to fuck first, I'd be lost - I wanted them both!! 

The more we talked the raunchier the conversation became, and eventually turned to sex and our sexual experiences. After telling of their experices with boys and the blow jobs they had given, Anita finally admitting that they had never actually gone all the way - (They were both virgins?) I had a great deal of trouble believing this but who was I to argue. They gave a multitude of reason for still having their virginity, hadn't meet the right guys, they were too young, it wasn't right, they wanted the guy to be special. I jokingly offered my services to help them out of this situation but again they just laughed, but they didn't say no!!

Soon after my offer the girls announced that it was bed time, so I reluctantly got up to leave. They both stopped me, convincing me that I'd had far too much to drive, so they showed me to the spare room, I didn't take much convincing. I said good night.  

It was almost 4am, I was hot, sweaty and horny - my cock was still as hard as a rock and I would be sleeping metres from two of the hottest bodies I'd ever seen - I wanted to scream. I stripped down to my boxers and hoped that one or both would join me, but the flat soon fell into silence as slipped into a sound sleep to dreamt of what might have been. 

I was woken suddenly with a hand over my mouth and something over my eyes. A voice gave me very clear instructions, "Put this over your eyes. If you make a sound, this is over. If you don't do as I say, this is over. If you cum before you are told, this is over. Nod if you understand." I very quickly nodded my agreement. I had already put the blind fold over my eyes, it felt like a sleeping blindfold with elastic to keep it on but it was tight. 

I was a little scared but more excited. My cock had sensed that it was in for some action and had stood to attention, throbbing in anticipation. I still could not identify who this lady was, the scent filled my nose and I was straining to hear what she was saying. My senses seemed magnified as I strained to see her from under the blind fold. 

"Give me your hand," she demanded and I was quick to comply. I felt something soft being tied around my wrist and then pulled towards the bed post. "Now the other one, this is for my pleasure and not yours," she said as restricted my other hand. I lay there, totally exposed, totally vulnerable, a little scared, but extremely turned on!!

I heard the light switch turn on, "Very nice," my mystery woman said as she removed my satin boxer shorts and ran her hand up and down my cock. "Remember my rules, you made no attempt to hide the fact that you were perving at us both, teasing us with stories of your sexual escapades - now I will find out if you are more than just talk! " she said as she took my pulsing cock into her mouth - this was heaven I thought, but as quickly as it had begun it was over. "You're enjoying that way too much," she said as she repositioned herself on my chest, "Now it's your turn to pleasure me and it better be good!" 

I still could not work out if this was Anita or Katie - I didn't care as I smelt her pussy as it approached my mouth. My tongue lashed out and found her pussy - It was already wet! Had my lovely lady had been already working on herself prior to her arrival in my room?. My tongue probed her sweet hole and when I flicked my tongue over her clit she moaned and instructed me to go faster and harder - I was more than happy to oblige! My lovely nymph reached around and grabbed my hard cock and slowly started to move her hand up and down my shaft. It felt sooooooo good! 

The speed at which my mystery lover thrust her pussy at me was becoming faster and her breathing more laboured and I continued to follow her instructions. Then she was gone! I couldn't see her or touch her; being tied up was starting to lose it appeal. I didn't know what had happened or where she had gone but soon understood as her pussy was again in my face but now my cock was in her mouth. I wanted to get my hands on her but the restraints held fast. I asked her to remove them so I could manoeuvre her to better please her, her response was to bite the head of my cock. "I told you not to speak," she said. "One more outburst and I'm gone." 

I went back to my job, if you could call it that. She was getting wetter and wetter and she squirmed more and more as she sucked my cock like it would be the last day of her life. "OH, GOD, I'M CUMMING!" she screamed as she ground her pussy into my face, and cum she did, with a flood of liquid over my face and into my mouth. It tasted like nectar, I licked and swallowed as much as I could, savouring its delightful taste. Then she was gone. I could hear movement in the room but had no idea what she was doing. "That wasn't bad," she said as I felt the bed move as she rejoined me. "Now for some real fun."

While I couldn't see her, I felt her as she positioned herself over my cock and then slide it into her hungry pussy. She was tight and it took several attempts to get it into her and she moaned when she finally got the tip of my cock into her pussy. She slowly began to rise and then slowly fell again. It felt sensational - I had all of my cock inside her, I didn't know how long I would last before I came - she was so tight but I felt no resistance of a hymen. 

She stopped as she finally got all of me inside her but she soon rose up again and soon picked up the pace and we got into a steady rhythm. I just lay back and enjoyed, thrusting my cock into her to meet her as she came down. I desperately wanted to run my hands over her body and bring her breasts to my mouth and tease her nipples with my tongue and teeth. She seemed to sense my needs and brushed her breasts across my face and brought her nipple and placed it in my mouth. I was in heaven. I was with Anita, this breast was too big to be Katie's and the nipples weren't big enough - I wasn't complaining.

"I'm going to cum," I said as our pace continued to increase. "OH, NO YOU'RE NOT!" she said. Exactly how are you going to stop me I thought, but again she seemed to read my mind, turning around, grabbing my balls and then squeezing hard - very hard. I let out a scream, it hurt that much that I was still breathing out as I felt my cock begin to dwindle inside her. Anita bottomed out with as much of my cock in her as was possible. I thought it was all over, but as she again brushed her beautiful breasts over my face, while I tried to catch her nipples as she did so, I felt my cock stir back to life and soon we were back into our stride, Anita driving harder and faster onto my cock.

"Now you can cum," she said as her pace reached fever pitch, and I understood why as I felt her pussy tighten around my cock and then begin to pulse and her whole body relaxed as she released her juices. "Don't cum inside me," she said as I continued to drive my rock hard cock into her pulsating pussy. "Now," I said as I felt the storm brewing deep in my balls. She jumped off me and took me in deep her mouth. This was more than I could take. I exploded in her mouth and she did her best to take my seed, but I could feel its warmth as it filled her mouth and spilt out onto my body.

"Now that was great!" Anita said as she moved off me. She undid my hands and they quickly grabbed her and draw her to me. We kissed and I reached up to remove my mask but she batted my hand away. "Only after I'm gone," she said as she kissed me for the last time, letting her tongue dance with mine, I could taste the salty reminisce of my cum still on her tongue. I heard the light switch turn off and she was gone.

I was in LUST. I lay on the bed with my cock still semi hard, recalling what had just occurred. My hand went down and grabbed my cock, it was wet and sticky - no it hadn't been a dream. With my hand on my cock and a smile on my face, I drifted back off to sleep, not bothering to remove the mask, and dreamt of... ahhhhh...

I was again woken by the feel of a hand on my cock and it wasn't mine. I assumed that it was Anita back for a second round but as I was joined on the bed and my hand began to explore the body I soon realised that it was Katie who had joined me in bed. "I was woken by the strange noises coming from this room a little while ago and my curiosity got the better of me and I just had to investigate - and what do I find - a naked man wearing a blind fold and his hand on his semi erect cock," said she. 

My hand began to explore her body and soon found her nipples - they were huge!! My fingers flicked, pinched and teased them into erection and then I brought them to my mouth so could I nibbled and sucked them - they were sensational!! 

I was enjoying the freedom to explore her body with my hands and I took her hand and brought it to my cock. She seemed reluctant to do anything. "Take it in your hand and wank me," I said but her hand still didn't move so I grabbed her by the wrist and showed her what I meant. She was soon moving her hand over my cock and playing with my balls like an expert. 

My hand wandered down to her pussy and my fingers sought out her clit which I started to rub in small circle. She let out a small moan and a bigger sigh as her body relaxed under my touch but as I tried to slip a finger into her silky pussy, she pulled my hand away as she moved her body away. I positioned myself for a 69er with my mouth and tongue going to work on her pussy lips and placing my hard cock near her mouth. 

"What are you doing?" she asked as my tongue hit her clit. "Eating your pussy," I replied "And I want you to suck my cock." Katie took the head of my cock into her mouth but did very little else. I was beginning to suspect that she had very little experience with men and may indeed be a virgin - my excitement level increased. "Suck it like it's an all-day sucker," I said. "Run your tongue over the head and up and down the shaft." 

Katie was a very quick learner and was soon giving me head like an expert. She continued to move her pussy to give me greater access for my tongue to tease and tantalise her, but any time I brought my hands near her pussy, she pushed them away. Taking the hint I allowed my hands to wander over her magnificent arse. Slapping her lightly and both of our intensities rose. 

I ran my finger over her puckered little hole and this made her body jerk, so becoming more daring I positioned my little finger over the top of it and pushed it into her tight arse hole. She took my cock out of her mouth and bit into my leg and began moving her arse onto my finger. I began working my finger in and out of her tight butt hole and from her increasing moans she was definitely enjoying the sensation. I removed my little finger out of her arse. "No, don't stop," she said in a hoarse, dreamy kind of voice, so I slipped my middle finger into her butt. 

She began to ride my finger, moving faster while pushing her pussy harder onto my probing tongue. Without warning, her body went tense and she came, screaming loud enough to wake everyone for miles. I could take no more and I sprayed my load over her face, she took my pulsing cock into her mouth and sucked the last drops of cum from my cock.

"That was great," she said as she turned to join me on the bed. "I've never, I mean I didn't think it could feel so good, show me more." I was mesmerised as my hands continued to explore her body, tracing the contours of her face, her nose, and her ears. As my hand took in the feel of each I began to understand the tactile needs of the blind. I replaced my fingers with my tongue and mouth as I continued to explore her face, nibbling on her ear and ever so gently running my tongue down her cheek before kissing her, deeply, passionately, affectionately, wantonly, lustfully - she had possessed me and I could not get enough of her.

Her hand found my cock, as my tongue continued to explore her body, stopping to take in the splendour of her breasts and nipples. Her nipples were hard but pliable, erect and drew me to them. Between my lust for her breasts and her hand working on my now very erect cock, I didn't know what to do next, every time I made a movement towards her pussy, I was turned away so it came as a surprise when Katie said "I want to feel your cock inside me - now!" 

I went to take off my mask but she placed her hand on top of it and said "No." My disappointment was only short lived she positioned herself on top of me and took my cock and guided it into her. She was extremely tight and I didn't think that she was going to be able to take me. "Relax and it will just slip in," I said. "If you remain tense it will hurt too much." As she relaxed my cock sunk further into her - I felt unbelievably tight but felt like my cock had been made just for her. 

When she finally got all of my cock into her she fell forward onto me "Don't move, just let me take in how great this feels," she said in a voice that made her sound like all of the strength had been taken out of her. Finally she sat up and began to rise and fall on my cock - I had never had sex that had made me feel this good. My hand went to find her clit and as I ran my finger over her tiny bud, I realised that something was wrong - I could stand it no longer, I whipped my mask off as Katie continued to ride my cock. The sight that greeted me shocked me - my cock deep in Katie's arse and her near hairless pussy staring me in the face.
