 The highlight of my week is my weekend runs, mostly because of the time I get to spend with her. You know how it goes, the week is all busy with our day-to-day crap and we never get to spend quality time together. There is no better way to start the weekend then by getting a good long hard work out in and spending the time at her side. 

Before I get into our run, let me tell you a little about her. She is this amazing woman. When she walks into a room she is the life of the party. She is confident, smart, beautiful and funny. The women want to be her and the men want to be with her. Her personality and her smile draws people in. While this is her public appearance, I know the truth. Behind that bright shining exterior is an inner beauty that is even more attractive than her outward appearance. She is thoughtful, strong, driven, caring and passionate like I have seen from no other woman. 

Back to our trail run... Our runs are 6-8 miles of hard hilly trail runs with a great group of friends. On this day we hook up with our crew and exchange niceties while everyone stretches out. I give everyone a welcome hug and give her a discrete kiss on her neck when we hug. I love the smell of her. I can't get it out of my head. 

As she is stretching I can't keep my eyes off of her. Her running pants frame the most perfect ass you have ever seen. That ass is held up by her strong, smooth, dark legs. I will follow that butt anywhere she takes me. As she is stretching she is always making a point of bending over in front of me and looking deep into my eyes with those intense dark eyes and giving me that coy smile with those perfect lips. She knows the effect she is having on me. I have to do all I can to restrain myself from attacking her right there. 

At the first fork in the trail the group stops to wait for everyone to catch-up before we do our upper body work. Everyone drops for 30 push-ups. When we get into position we setup head to head where we can look into each other's eyes. We do each push-up together. Our eyes are connected. Both of our bodies strain and sweat as we lift and drop in unison. She has perfect form and you can see the strength in her arms and shoulders. She is so strong and so fucking sexy. I want her and I am going to get her. 

We slap high fives as we get up out of the dirt and start off up the next hill climb. We stop for more push-ups and climb more hills. Eventually the group gets spread out enough where we really don't see the rest of the team. We know they are out there; some are ahead and some behind. I am locked two steps behind her left shoulder. We talk and joke the miles away while I am mesmerized by her form. Her gorgeous legs, that amazing ass, those sexy strong shoulders and the cutest little pony tail bobbing up and down. As we round the bend to a spot that is hidden from the rest of the trail, she stops, turns and throws her arms around my neck. She pulls my head down to meet hers and gives me the sloppiest, sexiest most passionate kiss. Our hearts are racing, our bodies are spent, we are dripping with sweat and we are mixing sweat and saliva as we embrace and grind our bodies together. To avoid getting caught, as quick as it started, we pull away from each other and continue the climb up the next hill. We are now wearing the sweat from each other and my running shorts are just a little tighter. She knows the effect she has on me. She knows how badly I want her and I know how badly she wants me. 

As we get close to the end of the run, there is a spur off the trail to a secluded little area where people rarely go. You cannot see it from the main trail but there is a picnic table and some shade from the sun. As we approach the spur she looks around and pushes me down the spur trail. Within a handful of steps we cannot see the main trail. We are back there all by ourselves. I know where this is going and I can't wait. I lean against the table and she presses herself against me. We kiss deeply and passionately. Our hearts are still pounding, our breath is still hot and fast and we have sweat dripping down our bodies. I run my hands all over her firm body. I pull her close. She pulls away and runs her tongue down my chest licking the sweat. As her head lowers to my running shorts she locks eyes with me as she pulls down my shorts and grabs my dick. Her eyes lock with mine as she takes me into her mouth. The whole time she is sucking my dick we have our eyes locked. My knees are weak and my heart is racing.

I know we don't have much time so I stand her up and spin her around. I wrap both arms around her as I start to undress her from behind. She is pressing her amazing ass into me as I pull up her sports bra to get my hands on her perfect firm tits. She moans and her body shudders as I get my hands on her attentive nipples. They feel so right in my hands. Her skin is so dark, so smooth and so sweaty. I am not stopping there. While I am doing circles around her nipples I plunge my other hand down her running pants. She is soaked with a combination of sweat and her natural juices. Her clit is hard and her hips are gyrating as I slide my finger up and down her lips. As I gently and slowly slide one finger in her pussy I can feel her muscles contract. I hold my fingers in her as I apply pressure on her clit from the palm of my hand. I love bringing her pleasure. She has one hand behind her stroking me as she is pressing her pussy against the palm of my hand. 

I want to taste her. I want to lick her perfect little pussy. Her pussy is perfect. I love to taste her and to lick her. She escapes by spinning around and hops her butt onto the picnic table. She is not shy and likes to be in control. She wants it now.... Right now. Well... I am not going to pass that one up. I part her legs and grab her hips to pull her to the edge of the table. I rub my dick up and down her lips as I tease my way in and out of her tight wet pussy. Her body responds as I rub my dick on her clit. She pulls me into her and as I bottom out inside her we both let out a gasp. Her pussy is amazing. We keep our eyes locked as we fuck. I only break our connection to watch my dick slide in and out of her. While we continue fucking she touches herself. I love watching her in the throws of orgasm. As she calls out my name her body convulses over and over again as her whole body spams in orgasm. She tells me that she wants me to cum inside her. That is all I can take and as long as my legs can hold me up I erupt into her with spasm after spasm as she calls out my name and pulls me in tighter. Both of us are spent and sweaty and we kiss and kiss and look deeply into each other's eyes. 

We laugh and giggle as we clean up. We are a bit of a mess. I take off a sock so she can use it to clean up and toss it into the woods. Before we get back onto the trail we hold each other close and kiss deeply and passionately. She tells me how much she loves me and I her. Then we start back to the main trail to finish our run. My head is still spinning and I have a bit of a mess in my shorts, but we make it back to the trail head to meet the rest of the group. 

No one is the group is wiser and no one questions why I came off the trail missing a sock. After we say our good byes its back to the apartment to shower off together and spend the morning replenishing, cuddling and making love.