 The pick up

The nightclub is packed – hot, noisy and smelly. Shit. As usual.

Im about to leave when the crowded dance floor parts momentarily. You're there, seemingly in your own spotlight, dancing like a goddess. The crowd closes in again and I lose you. Fuck.

I leave my spot at the bar, my eyes desperately scanning the dance floor for another glimpse of your beauty. Oblivious to my friends, I move for a better view and position myself closer. Your long blonde hair radiates under the stage lights, catching my eye as the crowd clears again – my eyes lock on and I dare myself not to lose you again. 

You're stunning – blonde hair flowing free, hanging just below your shoulder; a simple white, slim fitting singlet top hugs your ample breasts and tight stomach. You turn towards me and in one glorious move, your arms rise high in the air – flicking long locks of blonde silk in all directions – and gyrate your hips in perfect rhythm to the music. Sweet jeezus – 10/10 my brain screams! 

Your turn reveals that simple white singlet actually has an exceptionally low cut front, accentuating those gorgeous breasts and displaying just the perfect amount of cleav... Fuck, two muscle bound dickheads block my view as they move in, trying pathetically to catch your attention. "MOVE WANKERS!!" my brain screams. Assessing the situation, I notice you give not a single fuck to their presence. Haha – suck shit! I think with a smile on my face.

Obviously not prepared to accept your rejection, the meat heads move closer – clearly cramping your space and style. "TAKE A HINT" I sigh as you move them, looking frustrated but never missing a beat. They turn, and having taken a hit but still not getting the message, and begin the Meathead Mating Dance again. 

Frustrated for you, I down the rest of my drink, slam the glass down and buck up some courage. Pushing through the crowd, eyes fixed squarely on you I reach out and grab your hand. Firmly but not violently I spin you and pull you close. Your reaction is priceless as I lean in and gently kiss you on the cheek, staring down the meatheads over your shoulder. Finally – they take the hint. With one hand placed lightly on your hip, I lean back and hope you don't slap me in the face. I gesture to the other side of the floor, puzzled, you agree and I take your hand and push through the crowd. 

The dance

We claim a spot and I watch as the Meatheads, slightly deflated, move around trying to corner their next victim. 'Cock heads' I think as I shake my head. My focus returns to you and I'm caught off guard but your beauty and with my brain struggling to function, it hits me – I should explain myself. I lean in towards you ear, pausing to bask in your intoxicating aroma, and shout "thought you could use an Out..."

Leaning back, your puzzled expression doesn't inspire confidence. Did you hear me? Did I make sense? Do you know what I meant by an Out? Did I dribble in your ear? Panicked, I mouth the words "You OK?"

Your face lights up and with a glowing smile you lean in to me, put your hands delicately on mine, kiss me on the cheek and shout something in my ear. I assume it as "Thanks."

Leaning back, you're still glowing, I give you a corny thumbs up – immediately wishing I hadn't as you burst into laughter. Retuning the gesture, still laughing, you spring seamlessly back into dance. Fuck... what do I do now?? 

I pull some bullshit dance moves as I check you out up close. Your top half is even better than I remembered and I try not to get busted staring at your bouncing breasts as you dance. Just when I'm satisfied with my ninja-like perving skills, your hand gently lifts my chin to make eye contact – with a playful smile beaming from your perfect face I realize I'm busted. With a bright red face I try to play it cool, you laugh and carry on bouncing – daring me to look again... Never I my life have I shown more restraint! 

With another sultry, goddess-like hands-in-air-gyrate-hips move you're facing away from me and dancing so close that your ass brushes lightly across my crotch – teasing my cock to spring to attention. Embarrassed at my own over excitement, I clumsily take your hips in my hands to keep just enough separation for you to not feel my bulging pants. Taking the opportunity, I survey the rest of your amazing figure. 

As I admire your perky round ass and seemingly never-ending legs, you push back into me catching me off guard. Your ass rubs playfully across my raging hard-on and you lean back, resting you head on my shoulder. You look up, staring deep into my eyes and biting your bottom lip, and start rolling your ass over my already straining cock, pushing back hard then easing off – teasing – with every push back my cock gets harder and harder. My brain climbs out of my head and slaps me in the face – "IDIOT – YOUR IN!!" and with that my hands clasp tightly around your hips and I pull your ass back onto my cock. 

Moving as one, your ass and my cock, I lean down and kiss your neck - lightly at first then harder as you put your hand behind my head and pull me in. Our bodies fused together, I look down over your shoulder and into your plunging neckline. I run my fingers lightly up from your hips and over your heaving chest, teasing at first then firmly taking a handful of breast and squeezing. With my right arm wrapped strongly around holding you and my left hand guiding your hips and ass around my cock, we're practically fucking on the dance floor.

With my pressure building, I slide my left hand off your hips and lightly caress my fingers down the front of your thighs. I don't have to reach far to find the bottom of your skin tight mini skirt and as I start to slide my finger underneath, you pull away. Flustered, you grab my hand and swiftly pull me off the dance floor and head for the exit.

The walk home

We stumble out of the club on to the street, the night air is hot and there are people everywhere. Scanning the area for somewhere dark and private, I pull you strongly towards a side street. Romantic. I spin you, grab your hips and press you against the wall. You gasp as I lean against you and reunite our throbbing bodies. Kissing you deeply and passionately I run my hands down from your neck, firmly squeezing your tits before returning to the bottom of your skirt. 

With my tongue deeply probing your mouth I start to slide your skirt up your thighs. You resist, grabbing both my wrists to stop my passionate exploration. I pull back, smoothly defeat your grip and take your wrists strongly in my hands, lifting your arms above your head and retaking my position of dominance. You feign resistance but with my spare hand I grasp your neck and continue kissing you. When you have succumbed to my control I reach up under your skirt and press firmly against your pussy. Trembling, your knees weaken and you let out a loud moan as I slide my fingers up and down your pussy lips through your panties. 

Pausing over your clit, I apply more pressure causing another loud moan to escape your lips as your knees tremble and begin to collapse. Pinning you firmly against the wall, I focus two fingers over your clit and through your soaking wet G-string start making circular movements. After several revolutions you starting gasping faster and faster and as your pleasure builds, I pin you harder into the wall, kissing you deeply until you explode in a wave of orgasm. A new wave of arousal escapes your pussy and runs down your inner thigh as I gently position your G-string to one side. 

Exploring further, your pussy is as perfect as the rest of you – completely smooth save for a small strip of trimmed hair just above the top of your pussy lips. As you catch your breath I lightly stroke you, just teasing between your lips and the top of your legs. Regaining your composure somewhat, you push me back, reach under your singlet and remove your bra. You toss it to me as you strut past and order: "My place – NOW!" I stuff it in my pocket and gladly oblige. 

The walk along the town's water front to your hotel is brief, but with every step you take in heels, your liberated breasts bounce hypnotically. As I walk beside you, holding you around the waist, my gaze is transfixed on your singlet trying in vain to contain its contents. You notice my focus and emphasize every step, almost trying to let one out. My hard on rages, soaking my boxers with pre-cum.

The strip off

You make the elevator ride torturous. Forcing me to stand opposite and idle as you pose – legs spread wider than natural, skirt hiked up so as to just cover your pussy, as you expertly caress your now erect nipples through the soft fabric of your singlet. My cock now straining, almost painfully, to be released – feeling as though a single touch would result in and explosive release. Finally we reach your top floor penthouse and once inside, you motion for me to wait on the balcony while you retrieve some refreshments. 

The view over the beach was spectacular but as I turn, I notice the view inside is even better – seeing you, side on, reaching high for wine glasses with your toned, slender legs reaching up to your incredibly perky ass, continuing up your perfectly flat stomach to your firm, plump tits fuels the raging fire in my pants. 

You hand me a glass of champagne as you return and lean over the hand rail. Reaching behind and under your skirt I glide a finger across your still-wet pussy and up through your ass-crack. You stand up and with a playful grin take my glass, spin me round and press me against the hand rail. You slide your fingers down my muscled arms and position my hands on the rail. 

"Don't move these" you direct.

You run your hands down my muscled chest and abs until you reach my belt. Lightly drawing a finger in from each of my hips, you stop just above my buckle then slide down underneath. I gasp as the pressure builds further. Anymore and my cock would burst out the front of my pants. With a flick you have my belt off and my pants open, reaching into my boxers you finally take my cock in your hands. Throbbing, straining and dripping wet I struggle not to explode as you firmly massage my length. 

Cupping my balls in your other hand, you stroke faster and faster – sensing my balls tighten towards climax you stop. Cold. I gasp and gaze down upon the spectacular beauty of you looking up, smiling, enjoying every second of my tease. With another gentle squeeze of my dick you begin stroking again, slower and lighter this time – the pleasure immense, the pressure building, the pre-cum flowing. With your gaze fixed on mine, your mouth opens and with a warm, moist tongue you lick my entire length starting at my balls, culminating at the tip of my cock. 

Pausing briefly, your mouth opens further and my throbbing head disappears within. You expertly work the end of my cock, taking only the first part but sucking and working your tongue like I've never experienced. As my pleasure builds my knees tremble, supporting myself on the hand rails I try to hold back as waves of climax begin to take over. Again you sense this and stop. Fuck. I look down as you lick your lips and spit on my cock, stroking it to make it completely wet with your saliva. FUCK!

Looking at me and without a word, you slowly take my entire length in your mouth – inch by inch- until your tongue can flick my balls. Our eyes locked, as you begin to withdraw slowly the sensation of my cock in your throat is too much and I burst. You pause half way out as I shoot stream after stream of hot, sticky cum deep in your mouth.

I shake. I tremble. I gasp. I moan. 

You swallow. And swallow. And swallow until there is just too much. You release my pulsating shaft and let the cum dribble out of your mouth, down your chin and drip onto your tits and singlet. Without breaking eye contact you take my head back in your sticky mouth and clean the remaining cum from my cock. The sensation is too much. I pull out and reach down to help you up. As you stand you lean straight in and kiss me, deeply. Somewhat fuzzy from the euphoria of the previous few minutes, I kiss you back, sharing our fluids and re-igniting the passion. 

The fuck

As I squeeze your tits again I notice your once clean singlet is now saturated. A mixture of your saliva and my cum has created a near see-through area – positioned perfectly above your erect nipples. As I tongue your mouth deeper, savoring in all the tastes of the experience, I position my hands with my palms over your nipples and my fingers grip the V neck in the singlet. I lean back slightly, smile, wink and in one motion – rip your soaked top straight off your body and dispose of it over the side.

You gasp in surprise as your tits swing free in the night air. In a heartbeat your skirt is up, my pants down and my throbbing cock head pressing against your smooth cunt. As we press together and kiss, I ease my head into your tight, smooth, wet hole – you moan and grind against me – but you don't get it all. My thrusts become faster and slightly deeper, your pussy wetter and wetter, stretching to absorb the girth of my cock. I stop thrusting and withdraw, hovering just outside your pussy. You pant and beg for more. I reach around; grab both your ass cheeks in my hands and thrust. Deep. Balls deep. All the way in. Just what you wanted. 

You gasp and hold my shoulders tight – eyes rolled back and mouth wide open. Reveling in the sensation of having your tight wet snatch stretched open by my raging hard cock. Thrusting my full length in and out your tunnel tightens around my cock, your body tenses up, breath quickens – as I feel your pleasure building I pump you harder, faster, deeper until your body gives in and surrenders to the ultimate sensation. As you orgasm, I feel you clench tighter and tighter. Your gasps give way to moans that give way to screams, you don't give a fuck if anyone hears you, you just want my cock to keep pounding away until you can't take it anymore. 

You release. Scream. Tremble. Collapse.

Your satisfaction gushes from your pussy, I have to taste it. I pick you up and lean you forwards over the railing, your body still shaking, your ass perked high in the air. I move in behind you, spreading your ass cheeks with my hands I lick up the insides of your thighs. My first touch startles you in your highly aroused state, you writhe and try to pull away but I just hold your ass tighter and explore deeper – your pussy dripping, my cock throbbing. 

I lick the juices from your legs and pussy then slowly dribble them down your ass crack, over your tiny little asshole and back down your pussy. Standing up, I take my cock in my hand and delicately massage your anal before lining up my head with your lubricated pussy. In one swift pump I'm back inside you, balls deep and pumping. You stand up, your heels putting you at the perfect height to repeat our position from the club. None of that clothed, dry humping bullshit. The real deal – naked, flesh on beautiful flesh, cock deep inside pussy. 

The ass fuck

Your pussy gets wetter with every thrust of my cock, your juices cover from part way down your legs, up to my balls and cock, right up through your ass crack. As I pump deep inside you I spread your cheeks to reveal your delicate little asshole. I imagine how tight it must be. I need to have it. I need it wrapped around my cock. Now. Reaching around to your mouth I put two fingers in and make you get them as wet as possible. 

Changing my thrusts to slower, shallower pumps, I softly massage your hole with my finger. The mixture of pussy juice, cum and saliva creates a prefect lubrication for me to slowly press a finger in. I only push in to the first knuckle to gauge your willingness to continue deeper, after your initial surprise you begin to work back and forth – my cock in your pussy and my finger in your asshole. Standing still I let you open yourself up onto me, your rhythm quickens as your initial discomfort morphs into heightened pleasure. 

Once you're comfortable I work my cock and finger in sync – cock in, finger in; cock out finger out. As our combined pleasure builds I alternate – cock in, finger out; cock out, finger in – I moan every time I thrust in as my cock spreads your pussy and brushes past my finger in your anal tunnel. Feeling another orgasm approaching I stop and pull out, you gasp and whimper as I leave your holes empty and pulsating. I spit on my fingers and rub it on the head of my cock, combining again with cum and pussy juice I rub it against your slightly opened asshole. You stand up right, turn and kiss me and lead me inside to the master suite. 

Pushing me down on the end of the bed, you shoot a devilish smile, turn away from me and bend over, slowly removing your disheveled skirt and saturated g-string. As your skirt pops over your cheeks I marvel in the glorious view granted. My hand soon finds my cock and I begin stroking as I anticipate what may come next. You rummage around in your suitcase on the floor for something as I cave to the temptation to stand and enter you again. As I stand you order: "Ay. Sit" 

Back down I go and continue stroking my massive hard on. Finally, you stand and turn back to me, your golden hair flows around, your voluptuous breasts defy gravity. I'd momentarily forgotten how perfect they are, being so caught up in fucking you from behind. My gaze eventually draws to a medium sized vibrator and a bottle of lube that you had retrieved from your case. Without speaking you motion for me to move up the bed, with that you follow, straddle me and land your pelvis at the base of my cock. 

I relax, put my hands behind my head and prepare myself for whatever you are planning. The pressure of your pussy sitting make my cock tense and pulse, you notice and push a little harder. A groan escapes my mouth. A drop of cum escapes my cock. You open the lube, squeeze a generous amount in your hand and grasp my cock. Hard. I squirm slightly. You smile a stroke up and down. You move forward and slide my entire length back inside, exhaling as your pussy reacquaints to my cock. 

There you sit, still, cock fully immersed in your pussy. Another generous serve of lube and your hand disappears behind you, leaning in you kiss me. Different this time, slower, calmer. More sensual. I reciprocate, holding the side of your face in one hand, softly caressing your nipple in the other. Then I feel it. Your mouth opens, accompanied by a short gasp and the vibrations begin to move up my cock from inside your ass. 

The toy's presence brings yet more trembling as you ride up and down slowly on my cock, whilst fucking yourself in the ass with the toy. The combination of your pussy massaging my cock and the vibrations are too much, a sharp wave passes over me and I cum. Hard. Filling your pussy with more than it can hold. Without breaking rhythm you ride on, smiling at me as I writhe underneath you – completely at your mercy. Cum dribbles from your pussy down my cock as I feel the vibrations stop. My eyes open as you place the vibrator on the bed and lift yourself off my softening shaft. 

Not yet content, you use the cum to lubricate my cock and reposition yourself so I am lined up with your lubed, relaxed anal entry. You push down on me slowly, your eyes closed – focused on relaxing yourself. I stroke your legs and breasts caringly, knowing it will be a stretch to fit me in. Appreciating the effort. Your asshole accepts the head of my now throbbing cock and as you work up and down I try not to push back too hard. 

Gradually you work me all the way in and open your eyes for the first time with me inside your asshole. A surprised smile lights up your face and I can't help but smile back at the beauty on top of me – naked, sweaty, covered in my cum and riding my cock deep in her ass. Gorgeous. 

I reach up, lightly pull your face towards mine and kiss you again. Slowly. Sensually. 
