 It's the end of a hard business day on the road and I'm so tired when I return to the hotel.  I enter my room and fall on the bed; so good to get off my feet and not have to be around anyone else.  My body is sore and my back a bit painful.  I decide to go to the hot tub and let the hot jets massage my back and neck.

I get off the bed, shuck my clothes, and put on my trunks, clogs, and a t?shirt.  After leaving the elevator and entering the pool area, I am glad that I am the only one in the pool room and I immediately go to the hot tub, turn on the jets, and slowly enter the steaming water.  MMMM...it feels so good.  I find a nice spot where a jet blows warm water on my back, I lay back and shut my eyes.  Sooooo soothing.  My mind shuts down and I stretch out and enjoy the warm water.

My mind is far away; I am with my lover caressing her body slowly as my eyes feast on her naked beauty.  Her two small breasts, one covered by my hand, are so soft and pretty with their small hard nipples protruding from the apex of each.  I roll the nipple that is in my hand, enjoying its hard pliability.  So beautiful, I lean over and kiss the one I am not caressing with my fingers.  I lick the nipple, I suck it, I nibble it.  Oh, my love, you are so wonderful.  I love the feel of your body.

Even though I am totally absorbed in my lover's breasts and nipples, I am also aware that she has started to run her hand up my right leg, slowly moving from the knee toward my hardening love pole.  Just as her hand touches my balls, I feel a little shock and the dream vanishes and I open my eyes.

Across from me in the hot tub I see a beautiful face with a big smile.  Now it is my turn to smile...it is my lover, she has finally returned to the hotel from her work, and when she found me asleep in the hot tub, went back to the room, put on her two piece and joined me.  It is her foot that is between my legs massaging my balls and stiff cock.  It’s my dream come true.  She sure know how to awake me with pleasure.

We pretend that we don't know each other and as we sit across from each other without speaking.  She continued to caress me.  Ohhhh, how I love the feeling of her toes, now under my trunks, rubbing up and down my shaft.  I stretch out my leg and move my foot slowly up her right leg until I felt her thong covering.  It was easy slipping my big toe under it and finding her clit.  I pressed slightly and slowly rotate my toe.  I can see the pleasure of it in her face and eyes.  The more I pleasure her, the more pressure she applies to me.

After several minutes of this mutual caressing, I slid my toe down her pussy feeling her engorged lips on either side...and then I enter her, sliding the full two inches of my big toe into her; doing some serious toe fucking.  Her head goes back and she scoots forward pressing harder onto my foot.  The next two toes slid into her and she pressed harder.  I think she wants the whole foot.  I wiggle my toes touching all sides of the inside of her cunt.  I can tell as she starts to cum because not only is she moaning but her legs have stiffened and she stops caressing me; she is just pressing hard.

When her orgasm subsides and we both open our eyes; we jump with surprise.  Another couple is in the hot tub with us, both smiling at us.  We are embarrassed.  They tell us not to worry, that they enjoy watching others make love.  That we were especially enjoyable because of the passion we displayed.

I guess we talked for about a half hour learning about each other, why we are here at the hotel, that we are lovers, and what we do for a living and for fun. They are about our age (50s) and are married, on the way back from visiting their children and grandchildren.  He is a bit heavier than me and she is tall and slender with larger breasts than my lover, but not as pretty.  He moves to sit by my lover and she comes over to sit by me. Both are smiling.  I look at my lover and she smiles.  

Kari, Matt’s wife puts her hand on my now shrunken dick in a most obvious way.  Again, I look at my lover and her smile broadens and she nods to me.  Kari has slipped her hand inside my trunks and grasps my again hardening cock.  She squeezes and strokes me until I think I will rip my trunks.  Kari notices my dilemma and just pulls my trunks off.  Now the tip of my cock is at the surface of the water.  Kari leans over and licks the head.  I cannot believe it when my lover says, “ take it all, he is very tasty”.  Kari holds her breath and slides all the way down on me.  Ohhh…..her tongue does wonders on my cock and her throat tightens on my swollen head.  My lover comes over to kiss me.

As she does Matt moves over too.  We are all together now.  Matt begins to fondle my lovers breasts and in a blink, he removes her top.  Her nipples are harder than I have ever seen them.  He begins to kiss them.  Kari arises and sees her husband licking my lovers nipples.  She takes her top off revealing two beautiful fully developed breasts and tinny nipples on each.  She leans toward me and I put my mouth over one and suck it as hard as I am able.  Both women are quietly moaning now.  Kari reaches over and lowers her husband’s trunks.  He has the biggest cock I have ever seen.  It must be 10” long and it’s not fully hard.  Kari lifts his cock up so my lover can see it.  She gasps and reaches down to hold it.  It grows longer in her hand.

Then she laughs and says that Matt could pin two women at once with his thing.  She asks Kari if she can take all of that in her and Kari answers yes with a big smile.  My lover says that she would love to see Kari take all of it.  Kari moves from me and over to her husband, tells him to get out of the water.  He looks around and then sits on the edge of the hot tub.  As my lover and I watch, she goes down on him slowly.  Taking first just the head and licking it. Then opening her mouth wide, tongue out, she begins to take first the head and then down and down over his long shaft until she is to his balls.  We can see the lump his cock makes in her throat.  We are impressed and we tell her so.  She raises her head and his cock slowly retreats out of her mouth.

My lover reaches over and touches his cock.  She wraps her hand around it’s base and then with her other hand grabs on top of her first.  She removes her lower hand and grabs the top of his cock.  Reminds me of choosing who will start in baseball.  Wow, she says, he sure is long.  Kari and I watch as my lover continues to play with Matt’s cock, stroking him and licking his penis head.  Then she lowers her mouth over his penis and begins to swallow him.  She gags at about a little over half way down him and pulls back.  When her breath returns she looks at Kari and says that Matt is just too much for her little mouth.  We all laugh.

My lover looks at me and smiles and I nod.  She looks at Matt and says that although she may only be able to take half of him in her mouth, she would like to see if she can take all of him in her pussy.  Matt says he is up to the attempt.  He slips back down into the water, sitting on the step with his legs stretched out.  His cock is still above the water line.  My lover pulls her thong aside, straddles Matt and slowly begins to lower herself onto his long pole.  We watch her slide down his cock until she slides below the waterline.  She gasps as she continues to lower herself.  Finally she says that he is fully in her.  She just squats there, wordless, pleasure on her face.  She must be squeezing him with cunt, Matt squirms.  They both now start moving in rhythm together, she standing and squatting; he raising his hips and then settling down to the underwater seat. 

I am so horny I start stroking myself.  Then Keri begins to do it for me.  I am enjoying watching my lover get fucked by another man.  Keri has now pulled her thong aside and slides onto my cock.  I grab her hips and help lower her onto me.  Her cunt is tight and hot.  When I am fully in her, she squeezes her cunt muscle and I come alive.  I think I’ve grown another inch inside her.  Man, this is one fantastic cunt around me.  I moan and she know she has me in her magic now.  Keri rises and lowers herself on me.  Her wet cunt juices lubricating us.  I am in heaven.  Keri see my face and know I am not long for this world.  She says, “cum in me now, I want your cum now”.  I am in no mood to hold back as I feel my cum leaving my balls and rising up my penis.  As I explode in her and move from this world to total pleasure, I hear my lover also scream.  It is hard to focus but I see her jerking in passion as I am also.  We are all drained now and weak as our passions subside.  My lover leans over an kisses me.  Keri get off me and goes over to her husband and kisses him.  

A voice says from the side, “That’s the greatest thing I’ve ever seen”.  It’s an older man sitting in a chair.  “I’ve never seen so much passion and pleasure.  In fact, first time I have seen two couples fucking at once and such sexy ones too”, he says.  “Makes me want to have sex too; it’s been such a long time for me.”  Keri gives the man her room number and then she and her husband get out of the hot tub and leave.  Yes, the man followed a few minutes later.

My lover and I stay in the tub hugging and kissing awhile and then go for a short swim before returning to our room for more pleasures, just the two of us.