 INTRODUCTION

I was 40 years old, single and had just moved into a modest home on the lake. It was a 3-bedroom, 2-bath ranch style home. It was on the water so it cost twice what it cost if it was inland. The house was situated on a ¼ acre somewhat wooded lot. There was a wooden deck out back with a screened-in gazebo with a hot tub inside. There was a dock by the water and I had a deck boat. 

It was an interesting area as there were homes that were mansions and homes kike mine all along the shore line. Some professional athletes, radio and TV personalities had homes on the water, as did professional people, attorneys and doctors. I could have had more house for the same money but I opted for the waterfront. It was a 12-mile lake from one end to the other with a maze of coves throughout. The main body was primarily used by water skiers, tubers and wave runners. The coves were used to drop anchor, swim and party.

The neighbors across the street were friendly and I had them out on my boat several times. Roland was 45 years old and a bit out of shape. His wife Christa was a 5'4" cutie. She had short blonde hair, shapely legs, curvy bottom and 34B titties. Their children Caleb 15 and Judy 12, loved to come on the boat and go swimming. All the times we were on the boat, Christa wore a tasteful two-piece swim suit, never anything risqué.

At 40 I was an active guy, still playing tennis, golfing, skiing, SCUBA Diving and working out with my home gym. I was 6'1" and a fit 190 pounds. Roland wasn't much for doing anything on the boat except talking and drinking beer. The kids loved it when I got in the water with them for horseplay. The two of them loved ganging up on me. I also took them tubing which thrilled them.

I had moved in two years ago and first met the family. Beginning that summer, I learned that Roland moved out and they were getting a divorce. It was a split custody arrangement and the kids would spend every other weekend at his place. Christa was left with the house and maintaining the property. She and the kids still came out on the boat on the weekend and when they were not with Roland, I offered to help her with the yard work. My yard did not need much maintenance but she had the lawn and flower beds to maintain.

ENJOYING EACH OTHER'S COMPANY

One Saturday, I was helping Krista with the yard work and it was a hot day. I was already thinking about taking a dip in the lake later. I had removed my tee shirt and was just wearing work shorts. Christa was wearing short shorts and a halter top. At times when I glanced at her I admired her body. Her bottom looked great in the tight shorts and I could see a flash of her breasts in the halter when she leaned over. By the time we finished the yard work, I was worked up from watching her. 

"I'm going to take a dip in the lake before I shower. Want to join me?"

"Oh yes, that sounds wonderful."

I went back across the street and did not bother to put on a swimsuit. I took off my shoes and socks dove in the cool water. It felt fantastic as my body temperature came down. Christa arrived and she had changed into a two-piece swim suit. She waded into the water and swam over to me. 

"Oh, this feel incredible. I was so hot from working."

"I was thinking about taking the boat out but I couldn't wait to cool off."

"Do you have plans for this evening?"

"No Christa, no date tonight and quite honestly, I don't feel like going out. I'm going to call out for Chinese food and then relax in the hot tub later. Want to join me?"

"I'd love to if you don't mind. That sounds like fun."

"Come on, we can sit on the deck and I'll get towels and something to drink. What would you like?"

"White wine, if you have it."

"I do, Chardonnay, Sauvignon or something sweeter?"

"Chardonnay would be great."

We got out of the lake and went into the gazebo. I had towels in a storage box there and handed several to Christa. She dried off and wrapped one around her. I had outdoor furniture in the gazebo, a settee, coffee table and two chairs. Excusing myself I went inside to put on other shorts and a tee. I also got the drinks and returned to the gazebo. Christa was perched on the settee with her leg drawn up under her. She smiled when I handed her the wine. We clinked glasses and toasted each other.

I sat in one of the chairs and looked at her. She looked cute even at her age of 38. I couldn't understand why Roland would move out but I did not inquire. I had brought the wine out in an ice bucket and we quickly killed the first glass. I poured a second glass for us. Christa smiled and said politely.

"I don't want to drink all your wine?"

"If you did, you would be here for a while. I have plenty. I'm going to call out for the food. What do you like?"

"The cashew chicken."

I called for the food and they said 45 minutes for delivery. Rejoining Christa in the gazebo, we had an engaging conversation. Not once did we talk about the divorce. She was curious about my single life and I shared some with her. I never got in to details about who I dated but I shared with her that some women had come skiing we me in the Rockies. Also, some had joined me in the Caribbean when I went SCUBA diving. 

She thought that was cool and told me that she wished she had traveled more. All their vacations were family ones and usually to theme parks or beaches. The time passed quickly and the food arrived. We dined in the gazebo and I opened a second bottle of wine. The food was great and plentiful and there were leftovers. I picked up the dishes and leftovers, packaged the food and put in my refrigerator. While I was in the house, I put on my Speedo bikini swim suit under my nylon shorts.

HOT TUB SEX RENDEZVOUS 

When I got back to the gazebo, Christa was curled up on the settee, sleeping. I quietly sat down in the chair and had another glass on wine. Looking at her curled up under the towel, I could see that she was in a deep sleep. I finished the wine and decided to sit in the hot tub. The cover was a on a lift and was easy to put on and take off. I slipped off my tee and shorts and then eased into the warm water. I turned the jets on and let them massage my body. Minutes later, Christa woke up and saw me in the hot tub. She dropped the towel, entered it and exclaimed.

"Oh, this is heaven."

"Feels good, doesn't it?"

"I should get one."

"You can use mine anytime."

"Be careful, what you offer. I may be over here all the time."

She moved around testing the different seats and jets. At one point she stopped in front of me with her back to me. As if it was a natural thing to do, I reached for her and pulled her back to me. She eased into me without resistance and my arm went around her waist. Letting out a soft cooing sound, she leaned back into me. My hands moved up and held her breasts and she did not resist or protest.

I massaged her breasts gently and then lifted her top over them. My hands covered her naked breasts and her nipples hardened in my palms. I sensed that she wanted this to happen and I moved one hand to her bikini bottom an slipped it in through the legs opening. She gasped when I fingered her pussy and found her clit. I felt her hand searching for my manhood which was rock-hard in the Speedo. I freed my cock and balls through the leg opening and guided her hand to the stiff dick. She wrapped her petite hand around the shaft and muttered.

"Oh my, you are big."

"Not that big."

"Bigger and thicker than Roland."

My cock was larger then average but it was not huge and certainly not freakish. We continued to fondle one another and I had pulled her bikini bottom to the side. My fingers were active in her pussy while my other hand continued to massage her cute titties and tweak the erect nipples. Christa was moaning and then she turned toward me. 

"I am on fire. I need you in me."

She straddled me, put her arms around my neck and kissed me. Her tongue entered my mouth and we French kissed as she began to ride my cock. My hands went to her curvy bottom and held her as she bobbed up and down. Her orgasm hit her quickly but she was not done. She continued to ride me as I squeezed her lovely bottom. Her tits were brushing against my chest hairs and that seemed to excite her even more. 

We fucked for another 30 minutes before she climaxed and that time it was intense. Her entire body shook and she cried out, her voice drowned out by the hot tub motor. She went limp on my lap and buried her head in my shoulder. I was close so now I was the one moving. I felt the familiar surge and then not knowing her situation, I lifted her off my cock before I ejaculated. My seed shot into the water and I felt drained. She back on my lap but not with my dick in her.

"I'm safe. I should have told you that. You could have cum in me."

"I wasn't sure."

"That was very thoughtful and sweet of you."

She moved off of me and we both relaxed with the jets caressing our bodies. We had been in the hot tub nearly and hour and it was time to get out before we looked like prunes. We rearranged our swimwear and exited the tub. I put the cover back on and we had anther glass of wine. Christa curled up under the beach size towel again and smiled at me. She whispered.

"That was wonderful, you're a good lover."

"It was wonderful, I like being with you."

"I should get going soon."

"You're welcome to stay if you like."

"No thanks, I'll feel better about being home."

She finished her wine, kissed me goodnight and returned to her home. I straightened up the gazebo and put the wet clothes and towels in the washer. I made scotch for my self and went back to the gazebo and sat there. I liked looking at the lake at night with a nightcap. 

MORE HOT TUB SEX 

The following weekend Christa had the kids and I took them out on the boat on Saturday. That evening I had a date and as it turned out she stayed the night. I took out on the boat the next day and Andrea and I had a great day together. I was busy all week with work but when Saturday rolled around, I was ready to help Christa with the yard work.

It was a similar day as the first time we got together. This time she made dinner and brought it over to the house. Once again, we sat in the gazebo dining and drinking wine. She had worn shorts and a tee as did I. After we cleaned up and prepared to go into the hot tub, Christa surprised me by removing her shorts and tee and climbing in naked. 

"I hope you don't mind. I didn't feel like going back to the house to get my bikini."

"Not a problem, I usually don't wear a swimsuit when I use the hot tub."

"Is that when you are alone or when you have company?"

"Both, depending on the company."

Realizing that swimwear was not the order of business that evening, I followed suit and entered the jacuzzi naked. She cuddled up to me and I embraced her my hands going for her cute titties at first. Crista loved having her breasts fondled. Within seconds, my cock was hard and pressing into her bottom. We played with each other for several minutes and then she whispered to me.

"Sit in the edge."

She turned around to face me as I sat on the edge. Taking my stiff cock in her hand, she smiled at me and began stroking it. I didn't know if she planned to make me cum by jerking me off or if she had something else in mind. Then she cleared that up by lowering her head and taking me in her mouth. It was the first time she sucked my cock and I learned that she was very accomplished. I thought that this time I would cum in her mouth but I was wrong again. She lifted her mouth off my shaft and said in an excited tone.

"I'm really hot. I need to sit on your cock." 

Christa stepped back as I slid back into the seat. She quickly straddled my legs and guided my cock into her pussy. Her quim was most even though we were in the hot tub. My cock slid in easily. Her eyes were closed as she began to ride me slowly savoring the thickness in her womb. She really did get off and I liked making her cum multiple times. I toyed with her anus but she pulled my hand away making it clear that was not her thing.

"Oh, oh, here it comes. It's a big one."

Her body thrashed around on my lap and I held to her shapely bottom. Even though her cries could not be heard outside the gazebo, she buried her face in my shoulder as she climaxed. She thrashed around for nearly a minute before collapsing in my grasp. I resumed moving in her and this time I came in her pussy. It was a gratifying release and I shot a good size load into her. I knew she could feel it an she wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me deeply. We continued to kiss and hold each other for several minutes and then relaxed our embrace.

"Oh wow, did I ever cum hard and I could feel you shoot in me."

"That was wonderful. I like making love with you."

"Sorry about the anal thing, that is just not for me."

"No problem, you either like it or you don't. Let me ask you though, has anyone ever made love to your bottom?"

"No, I told you I don't like it and the thought of your big dick in my ass frightens me."

"I don't mean that. I mean has anyone fondled and kissed your bottom. Have you ever had your anus licked, rimmed?"

"That sounds nasty and naughty."

"Do something for me. The next time you come here to use the hot tub, douche your ass and get it squeaky clean. Then I will treat you to a very erotic experience."

"Now you have me thinking, I'm curious to find out."

"Good, the next time then."

"Can I come back in the morning?"

"I play tennis from 8:00 to 10:00. Come over at 11:00 if you like."

"It's supposed to rain tomorrow,"

"If it does, tennis will be cancelled. You can come over earlier then."

"Just talking like this has got me excited. Can you go again?"

"Sure, get my cock hard for your pussy."

I pushed my body out of the water and sat on the edge again. Christa immediately went for my cock and used her marvelous oral skills. She had me hard quickly and in the process, she got turned-on and needed my dick in her. Once again, I sat down and she mounted me. I held to her curvy bottom as her hard nipples rubbed against my chest. She came quickly but I was not close at all. 

Once she recovered, she dismounted and had me sit on the edge again. Her mouth returned to my cock and I knew she was determined to make me cum a second time. Between her oral technique and stroking my cock, she was successful. I alerted her that I was about to shoot but she stayed with me. I came in her mouth and she handled it easily as there was not as much semen as the first time. She sucked me dry and then moved up to kiss me.

I returned the kiss and she drove her tongue into my mouth. It was as if she was testing me. I French kissed her back and I felt her tremble in my arms. Minutes later we got out of the jacuzzi and as before she wrapped herself in a beach size towel and curled up on the settee. I went in the house and got drinks for us, a Baileys for her and a scotch for me.

We nursed our drinks and relaxed in the gazebo. I offered to let her stay the night again but she politely refused. Later when she left, she reminded me that she would be back in the morning. I told her that I was looking forward to her visit. After she left, I had another drink and wondered if she would go through with prepping her ass the next day. 

It began to rain and I stayed in the gazebo as I loved to hear the patter of rain. If the rain continued, tennis would be called off and I would have an early visitor. I had mixed feelings because I always looked forward to Sunday morning tennis, however, the thought of spending the morning with Christa was appealing.

SUNDAY MORNING IN THE GAZEBO

I woke up on Sunday to the sound of the gentle rain. It was a light steady rain but the courts would be wet and tennis would be cancelled. I got out of bed and made a pot of coffee to brew while I showered. After my shower, I put on a tee and shorts going commando style. I poured my coffee into a thermal pot and took it out to the gazebo. As I sipped my coffee and listen to the pitter patter of rain, I wondered if Christa would show up or if she was having second thoughts. Minutes later she arrived with a couple of lattes and muffins.

"Wow, how sweet of you."

"I wasn't sure what you had to eat and decided to treat us."

"I love lattes and sometimes I make them at home."

We stayed in the gazebo and finished the muffins and lattes. I could see that Christa seemed a bit nervous. 

"Are you okay? You seem to be on edge today."

"I'm okay. I did what you asked. I douched my bottom this morning and it just felt so naughty to be doing that."

"Okay, I feel better now that you told me. Don't worry if there is anything that you don't enjoy, we won't do it."

"Thanks, I'm just apprehensive."

"I understand. Do you want to go in the jacuzzi now?"

Christa nodded her head in the affirmative and I removed the cover. We were both dressed the same way, tees and shorts with no underwear. We stripped off our clothes. She climbed in the hot tub and I admired her curvy fit body as I always did. I then entered the bubbly water and took her in my arms. I kissed her and she relaxed in my arms. 

I turned her to face the side and had her kneel on one of the seats. Moving behind her I reached around and fondled her breasts as I kissed her neck. My hands moved to her hips as I trailed kisses down her back stopping just above her buttocks. In spite of the warm water, her skin was covered with goose bumps. I moved my head down lower and kissed the tops of her buns and used my tongue to tickle her tailbone.

Christa was cooing as she felt new sensations running through her body. I didn't want to rush her and wanted her to relax each time I moved to a new area. Massaging her curvy buttocks, I admired her ass again. Then I gently pried her cheeks apart and let my tongue dip into the crack. Avoiding her anus initially, I had her squirming and then I probed her nether hole with the tip of my tongue. Her body went rigid and I thought she may leap out of the hot tub.

Slowly she relaxed and I resumed rimming her anus. It was clear that she had done a thorough job of preparing her bottom, it was very clean. I massaged her buttocks as I continued to rim her and then I let my tongue get close to her pussy. Christa cried out and I sensed that she may be close to an orgasm. I continued to move back and forth between her pussy and anus. My tongue rimmed her bottom and then flicked over her clit. 

"Oh, Walt, Oh, let me cum."

With those words she spun around and sat up on the edge of the hot tub. I moved my face between her legs and ate her to a massive orgasm. Her body shook, her thighs squeezed my head and she drenched my face with her love juice. I continued to eat her sweet pussy and she slowly recovered caressing my head in the process. Then she slipped back into the water and sat down. I moved in to kiss her and she hugged me to her as she thrust her tongue in my mouth. I was rock-hard at that point but I was in no hurry to fuck her. We had all morning.

"Oh my God, did I ever cum today. I'm not sure I ever came like that. If I did, I don't remember."

"You certainly had a massive climax."

"I never imagined how sensitive my bottom was and how it could excite me so. Never in my life did I ever think that anyone would lick my anus and that it would turn me on like that."

"I'm glad that you liked it and that you were willing to give it a try."

"I want to sit on your cock now. Are you up for that?"

"I've been up for a while now."

She laughed and then sat on me as she had before. With her petite hand, she guided my cock into her pussy and sighed as she sank down on it. It was clear it would take a while before she would orgasm a second time but we were in no hurry. She could ride my cock all day if she wanted too. We kissed and I alternated between caressing her ass and her pert titties. 
