 I was at a party one night, with a bunch of long-time friends. We were having a great time. I don't drink outside my own home very often, and that night was no exception - I was one of the few sober people there.

My great friend, Chris, came over and began making passes at me. Now, we'd known each other forever, and i couldn't believe he was doing this! He's quite attractive, with dark blonde hair and creamy chocolate brown eyes, but I didn't want things to be weird between us once he'd sobered up. He was disappointed when I turned him down, but was pretty graceful about it. We shared a dance, and he went to hit on someone else. 

A few minutes later, a guy I'd been noticing all night came over. He was drop-dead gorgeous! He was just over six feet tall, probably about 200 lbs, with black shoulder-length hair and icy blue eyes. He introduced himself as Clay, and asked me to dance. I quickly agreed, and we went out onto the patio where the dancing was taking place.

I am only five feet tall, 126 lbs, and I felt extremely delicate and feminine in his arms. We danced through two songs, slow and close, his arms seeming to close out the whole world, until there were only the two of us left. He never looked away from me, and I could practically feel myself drowning in blue ice.

We reluctantly parted after the second song. I was getting aroused just dancing with this man! Fortunately for my ego, I could tell he was in the same boat. He asked if I'd like a drink, and I said yes, breaking my own rule. He told me to wait where I was, and he'd be right back.

While he was gone, The Time Warp came on, and a bunch of us danced to it. I looked around when the song was over, and saw him leaning against the door, watching me. The look on his face excited me, and I was starting to consider a little fun with him, and the logistics of it all. I would normally never consider casual sex, but this beautiful chunk of male excited me on a visceral level. 

So, letting my mouth curl in a sexy, flirty smile, I walked over to him. 

"What do you have for me there?" I asked, suggestively.

He smiled back at me, but simply said, "I didn't know what you liked. Chris just threw a bunch of stuff in a glass, added soda for colour, and a couple of ice cubes. Hope you like it!"

He said that like a dare, and I was starting to feel a little... naughty. I told him, "This stuff is likely to kill me, you know."

Clay just laughed, and assured me he'd give me mouth to mouth if I collapsed. With that incentive, I took a very cautious sip of the drink. I nearly gagged, it was so vile! He must have seen the revulsion on my face, because he said, "Oh, now I feel terrible. Just tell me want you want, and I'll make sure you have it". He said this with such a sexy smile that I very nearly took a large gulp of the poison in my hand.

Before I could reply, Chris came over and taunted, "See? I told you she wouldn't drink it!"

"Well, it's disgusting! I wouldn't drink it either, and I don't think she should."

Chris just looked at me, not smiling, and said, "I dare you!" How I hate those words! In our group, those words always started the evil game known as "Truth or Dare". We had refined it over the years, adding "double dare and promise to repeat". There were no passes, no mercy, merely choice. If you chose dare or double dare, you were allowed to have two different dares to choose from, whichever you felt was least objectionable, but you had to do it.

Word quickly got around the party, and soon all our friends were standing there, waiting for me to either drink it, or call choice. I looked at them, and said, "Fine. How much of it? Not all, because that would probably kill me."

It was decided that I had to drink three separate swallows. I shrugged. "Swallowing happens to be a talent of mine, so here goes! But I will get you back, Chris!"

So, i took a deep breath. Seeing several pairs of male eyes drop appreciatively to my chest, I drew in another deep breath for the hell of it. Then, before I lost my courage, I took three small swallows of the alcohol. I was never told what size swallow it had to be, you see. I took just enough each time to visibly lower the level of liquid. Amid cheers, I handed the glass to Chris. 

"I told you I'd get you back. Now it's your turn - drink it, 3 swallows, but it has to be full mouthfuls!"

He did, the rotter, but then he was so drunk by then it didn't really matter much. Unfortunately, that made it his turn to challenge again. He turned to Clay. Clay chose Truth. After a few seconds of drunken thought, Chris asked Clay what his most recent sexual fantasy was, and, leering at me, asked who the leading female was.

"That's a two part question, bud. I'm only going to answer half, so decide which part you'd rather hear!"

I was very interested in his answer, so I urged Chris with a look. I wanted to know the fantasy part, because I was pretty confident about the female's identity. It was decided that he did indeed have to share his fantasy. Yay!

"My most recent fantasy is really only half formed.", he grinned. "But I want to make love in a hot tub with someone. Pretty tame sounding, but," here he shrugged, "I've never done it. In a hot tub that is!".

A few of the girls started yelling, "Pick me! Pick me!" Clay just smiled. I think he was blushing, but I'm not sure.

Clay looked at me, and said, "Choose." I saw the challenge in his eyes, and I chose Truth, like I knew he wanted me to. Without missing a beat, he smiled, pulled me against his chest, and asked, "Ever 'done it' in a hot tub?" Everyone started laughing, and smiling softly, I quietly said, "Not yet!" At that, I felt him start to harden against my belly. 

The game broke up a little then, but the atmosphere of the party had changed - it was charged with sexual tension. People began drifting away in pairs, and the DJ began playing raunchy slow songs. I took Clay's hand in mine, and led him to the dance floor. We were soon "dirty dancing".

I ran my hands down his chest, and slipped them around to his ass. His arms tensed, and we smiled at each other. I bent my knees, and slowly slid down the front of his body, twisting sensually. I heard his sharp breath. Then I slid back up him, moved around him, and pressed my breasts against his back. My hands were running all over his body, and we were slowly gyrating to the music. 

Suddenly, he grabbed my hand, and spun the both of us around so our positions were reversed. Then his hands started rubbing my body. He pressed one hand against my lower belly, his other hand squeezing at the top of my thigh, his very hard penis grinding into my ass. I was so turned on, I was trembling and my panties were pretty wet. I slipped one hand up to cup the back of his neck, grabbed his ass with the other, and pulled him harder against me. In this position, my tits jutted out impressively. His hand slowly moved up from my thigh, over my belly, and across my tits. He whispered in my ear, telling me how sexy I was, how hot I was making him, and how much he loved my body. I thought I was going to cum right then and there, after only a few words!

"Want to see my hot tub?" I asked him. Of course, he accepted with alacrity!

I had come to the party in a friends' car, so I got into Clay's car. On the way to my house, which is a 35 minute drive, we talked, getting to know each other a little. Then, I teasingly asked for the details of his fantasy. He just smiled, and said that I'd see. Then he asked if I was wearing garters, because he thought he'd felt them during our last dance.

"No, they're called 'stay-up' nylons. See?" I was wearing a long cotton dress that buttoned up the front, from neckline to knee, so I unbuttoned the last half dozen or so buttons and invited him to look for himself.

He put his hand just above the top of my nylon. "Your skin is silkier than any nylon." I could tell seeing my dress open like that was having an affect on him. Keeping his eyes on the road, he slid his hand up and covered my panties with his hand. "I'm glad I'm not the only one aroused here!" he groaned.

I pulled loose the top buttons as well, leaving only about 4 fastened, at my waist. I spread the fabric open and his eyes nearly widened in appreciation of my 42Dcup breasts. We made it back to my place in a record 24 minutes, though it felt much longer.

I unlocked my front door, stepped in and turned around. Clay pulled me into his arms as he kicked the door closed. Then he slowly kissed me. He licked my lips, and bit my lower lip. His tongue rubbed against mine, and he groaned when I sucked on his tongue. We broke apart and stared at each other for a moment. Then, smiling, I invited, "Come see my hot tub". 

My hot tub is in the backyard, in a gazebo built for privacy. I like using the hot tub, but I'm not running a free peep show for the neighbours! We uncovered the tub, set the timer, and closed the shutters. Then I went into the house, opened a bottle of wine, grabbed two glasses, and practically ran back outside. I turned the stereo on low, and we drank wine and danced for a while, rubbing against each other sensuously, until we couldn't stand the pressure any longer. 

I gave him a long, soft kiss, and started to undo the buttons on his shirt. He was very well built, defined but not bulky. He had soft dark hair on his chest, that tapered to a thin sexy line as it dipped into his waistband. I kissed his chest, found his flat nipples with my tongue and licked them. My hands were rubbing his chest, arms and back. He drove his fingers into my hair and held my mouth against him, all the while telling me with sexy words how much he liked it.

I reached down and slowly unbuttoned his trousers, and dragged them down his legs, taking his briefs with them. Then I just stared. He was huge! I wrapped both fists around him, and his head still stuck out about 2 or 3 inches! Plus he was thick, which just added to the awesome sight.

"Like what you see?"

I gave him a 'that was a stupid question' look. I couldn't wait to have him stuff that monster into me! I dropped to my knees, and asked, "Do you mind?" Then it was his turn to give me the 'stupid question' look.

I leaned closer, and felt him swell even more. I delicately lapped at the head of his giant penis. He closed his eyes in bliss when i ran my tongue up and down the length of him, while my hands wandered to his balls. Finally, unable to wait longer, I took a deep breath, and slid him into my mouth. I had a bit of trouble because of his size, but after a couple of deep mouthfuls, I was able to relax my throat enough to get my lips all the way to the base of his cock, my lips buried in his pubes.

I could tell he wasn't used to that, could feel his surprise and pleasure. I looked up at him, and watched him watching my mouth sucking him. I was so turned on, slowly sucking and swallowing, up and down. I asked him to fuck my mouth, but he was a little dazed, so I explained.

"Take my head in your hands, hold it still. Then, do whatever feels good." He did. He watched my mouth the whole time, varying his strokes - some deep and slow, some short and quick. My hands were busy on his balls and ass, and it wasn't very long before he came in my mouth. He kept watching, never closing his eyes, as I swallowed his hot semen, and licked him clean.

I let him have a few minutes to recover, pouring us another glass of wine. After a few minutes of quiet, with him sitting naked and I fully dressed, he looked at me. "My turn." he said.

He came over, kissed my mouth, my ear, and my neck. His hands undid the few buttons left holding my dress together, and pushed it off my shoulders. I have a very curvy figure, which his hands quickly mapped. He stepped back to get a look at my body, clad only in lacy bra and high cut panties. He told me how much he liked my body. He reached out and opened the clasp of my bra, and pushed it off my shoulders too. He squeezed and petted my large breasts, bent his head and kissed his way all around my nipples, breathing on them but never quite touching them.

I encouraged him with little whimpers and soft moans. When he suddenly opened his mouth wide and sucked my nipple into his mouth hard, I gave him a hoarse shout. He abraded my nipple with his teeth and tongue, rolling it around in his mouth, then taking the other nipple the same way. I felt the lightning arc from each nipple directly to my pussy.

He left my breasts then, and licked his way down my belly, dragging my panties off with his hands. I heard him groan then, when he discovered my shaved pussy. He turned me around as he sat on the bench, lifted one of my feet to the bench beside him, and just looked at me. I was still wearing my black nylons and heels, and my pussy was glistening with love juice. He leaned forward and gave me a wonderful open-mouthed french kiss, centered right over my clit. I orgasmed, just like that. 

Clay didn't wait for me to catch my breath from the shock of orgasming so suddenly, he just spread my pussy open with his thumbs and speared his tongue deep inside me. He flicked my clitoris with both thumbs and tongue, and sucked my dripping pussy dry.

I could see he'd had time to recover, because his lovely cock was standing at attention again. He slipped my shoes off, rolled my nylons off my legs, and lifted me into his arms. I couldn't wait to have him stuff all that lovely meat into me!

He stepped into the hot tub, sank into the water, and held me on his lap. We shared some more wine, some wet kisses, and then he said, "This is going to be quicker than I want it, but I have to fuck you NOW!" He changed his position slightly, then turned me on his lap, facing away from him. He arranged my legs on either side of his, and held my waist. "Take me inside you." 

I reached down and guided his huge cock into me, slowly stretching my pussy with each inch. I arched my back, and slowly sank onto his lap until I had about half of him in. Then he grabbed my hips, and slammed up into me, ramming his cock home. I had almost ten inches of hot cock inside me, and I had never been so stretched! I rode him, all the way up, then slowly sinking all the way back down, loving the feeling of him inside me. 

Clay slowly pulled me off of him, and I protested. "Wait, I want to try something else!" Well, I was all for that! He turned me, put me on my knees, and made me lean my hands on the side of the tub. I was positioned right over one of the jets, and he just smiled at the look on my face. He came up behind me, and stuffed his cock back into me, then reached around me and spread my pussy lips open. "Hold on tight!"

I did! His cock was hammering my pussy from behind me, and the jet of water was blasting my clit form the front. I quickly went ballistic! I came so hard that I actually screamed. My fingernails dug into his forearms, breaking skin. 

This caused him to cum too, and I felt his hot load blast into me. I ground my ass against him, milking him for all he was worth. 

We rested for a while, still coupled, his head resting on my back. After our breathing slowed, he turned me around again, kissed me softly. "Thank you for making this fantasy even better than I'd imagined it!"

After a while, he left me. Just before I closed the door, I smiled and said, "i have a fantasy of my own...." We grinned at each other, kissed again, and then he was gone.

But I knew I'd see him again. I knew I didn't have much time to prepare, either.

He'd left his wallet in my gazebo!