 Those who did not live in California during the 70s missed one of the great social phenomena of the 20th Century: the redwood hot tub. This simple and healthy apparatus was the greatest device ever invented to separate women from their clothing in a semi-public environment. Women who would not have considered for a moment disrobing in front of anyone other than their husbands and boyfriends suddenly thought nothing of stepping naked into a redwood hot tub occupied by one or more persons who had never before seen them nude. 

It was so healthy and free to not hide behind clothes. None of us had perfect bodies, yet no one was laughing at us or pointing at our imperfections. And of course, nudity is not erotic among mature people, who just enjoy the spiritual freedom and release from stilting social conventions. All this benign rationale sounded very sophisticated and cosmopolitan, didn't it?

At least that was the official explanation, to which everyone paid lip service while doffing their panties. But the reality was somewhat different. The truth is that the hot tubbers I knew were playing an old child's game, partially updated by swingers: You show me yours and I'll show you mine. But unlike swingers, naked hot tubbers did not embrace overt sexual activity. Getting naked was something you did among friends you already knew, just a way to enrich that preexisting friendship.

And while it is true that being in the presence of several naked people is rarely in itself erotic, what happens unseen below the roiling waters frequently is. Despite all our pretension, it was not uncommon to have my dick fondled to erection underwater by a woman who was not my wife. Less often was my hand wedged between the cheeks or thighs of a woman who had initiated intimate contact. All entirely surreptitious, of course, and sometimes you had to pay careful attention to determine the identity the owner of the hand in your cookie jar. 

This activity happened as an extension of the harmless flirting we all have done with members and spouses of the opposite sex at dinner parties. It was flattering to realize someone else is attracted to you enough to flirt. Whether she holds your gaze a moment too long or her hand lingers on yours when you light her cigarette or her thigh touches yours under the table, it is a well understood and delicious dance which enlivens the evening without harm to your spouse, or anyone else.

But when the flirting moves to the hot tub, it escalates to something else entirely. Whereas you might wonder during the dinner party what the woman you are flirting with looks like naked or whether she is wearing a bra, you already know the answer to those questions when she gets into the hot tub. So now the two of you begin thinking about what his erect cock looks like and what does she sound like when she cums. The ante gets raised when the panties come off. 

The phenomena of the redwood hot tub led to some rather unexpected and delicious behavior from time to time.

The party was organized as a potluck dinner for faculty and staff of an elementary school where my wife Mary worked as a second grade teacher. It was on a Friday night after the first week of school and was held at a big comfortable house in the country. 

Mary and I both knew most of the faculty by that time and frequently socialized with them on weekends. All were married and most of the couples had been to our house on more than one occasion for dinner and parties. Their ages ranged from 26 to 47 and they were a very convivial group.

We arrived at the casual party around dusk with our covered dish contribution to the pot luck. The hostess, Lexi (Alexis), whose husband Rick was another second grade teacher, had made her parents home available to us that evening. She was pleased to lead several tours to show off the house, which was single-level, ranch-style with the community rooms in the front and the three large bedrooms in two wings of the house toward the rear. The two wings were at a right angle, with a large walled courtyard between them.

The courtyard was quite private and Lexi's parents had installed a redwood hot tub (six foot diameter) in a multi-level redwood deck off of the master bedroom. The two wings had glass all along the courtyard side of the house. The hot tub was accessible from the master bedroom and from a sliding glass door on the facing wing.

Redwood hot tubs were still something of a novelty at the time. Lexi was quite proud of her parents' set-up and invited everyone to "partake of the waters." She pointed out the location of the towels in her mother's master suite but she didn't immediately get any takers on her invitation. No one brought bathing suits and hot tub social nudity was still less than widely accepted.

We went back to the family room and began our dinner with the others. There were many interesting dishes to sample and this group always served decent wine. After eating, the group broke into grade cliques and began talking shop. Boring!

I was actually quite tired that evening. Friday nights are usually rest for me after a long workweek, and this Friday was especially so because I had just finished a trial that afternoon. Unable to participate in the school conversations, I began to think of a restful soak in the hot tub and slipped away to the back of the house to see whether the water was at soaking temperature.

I walked out onto the deck from the hallway and discovered a couple already in the tub, Kathy and Larry Hebert. Larry was a counselor at the school, so I guessed he was as bored as I was with the grade-level shoptalk at the front of the house. Kathy was an accountant with a small firm in a nearby city.

"How's the water?" I enquired as I climbed the three steps to the hot tub level.

"It's perfect," Larry called out to me. "The thermometer says 98 degrees."

I preferred hotter, around 101 degrees, to truly get the deep steam benefit of the water. That was also hot enough to insure that bathers frequently get out to enjoy the cooler night air by sitting on the side of the tub, thus enhancing my view of their naked flesh.

But 98 was hot enough on this cool evening.

"Mind if I join you?" I asked.

"Please do. We'd be happy for the company and the prospect of something other than shoptalk," Larry replied.

Kathy seemed noncommittal but by then I had reached the top of the deck beside the tub. It appeared that Kathy was at least topless as her shoulders were bare of bathing suit or bra straps. The jets were on and the underwater light was off, so I couldn't be sure beyond that.

"Well, I'll do my best to carry my end, but I don't feel especially loquacious tonight after a long hard week," I sighed with a grin as I set my wine glass down next to theirs.

I casually undressed and folded my clothes and boxers carefully on a deck chair. I strolled to the opposite side of the tub from them and set my wine glass down on the deck. I then stepped down slowly into the tub water as I felt for the wooden bench that was about two and a half feet below the surface of the water. 

There really is no graceful way to get into a hot tub because you have to spread your legs to feel with one foot for the bench while squatting on the deck. Otherwise you may fall into a five-foot deep pool. Men are rarely self-conscious about it, but I saw Kathy staring at me despite her effort to be discreet. (I do not believe women who say "seen one, seen them all." In my experience, looking at a strange dick in person, even when flaccid, fascinated women. They look at crotches as intently as men do.)

Entry is definitely the best time to observe a woman from below because she invariably flashes all of her pussy during the entry. It is always somewhat unexpected by the woman the first time she gets in because she does not anticipate the bench is so far down. That is of course when you truly appreciate a nicely trimmed bush or a shaven one.

"Ahhh, this feels good," I exhaled as I settled into the warm water of the tub.

We did in fact talk about non-school things. Between the 49ers and the mess in Sacramento, we had enough common ground. But the whole time I was discreetly trying to get a more complete view of Kathy's tits. Finally I thought to turn on the underwater light and sure enough, there they were, bobbing slowly below the surface. They were very nicely shaped with prominent nipples. 

I had known this couple for more than a year but had never suspected Kathy of having such nice baggos or, as it turned out, such a tight little petite body. She invariably wore very conservative clothes, almost frumpy, and was very shy and quiet at most social functions.

"Well, I think we better get out or I am going to melt," Larry said after about 15 minutes.

Oh, good, I thought; I had waited them out. Larry got out first and confirmed that at least he had been completely nude. Kathy was hesitant to stand out of the water, but finally sent Larry into the master bedroom to get a towel and stood up on the bench to climb out of the tub. Her flawless round apple sized breasts swung into view and danced out of the water. Her pink headlights were focused straight ahead and on hi-beam. This was fun! 

Then her bottom came out as she spread her legs to step out. She was wearing white cotton bikini panties that were totally see-through when wet. No doubt she had kept them on out of a sense of modesty, but she couldn't have realized that she was practically just as exposed with them wet than if she were nude. The wet front panel clung to her furrow and labia, perfectly molding and displaying her cameltoe in a way that nudity would not, unless she had a shaved pussy. She didn't, and that was plainly observable also. Proof of the law of Unintended Consequences.

With Larry momentarily absent, this was becoming somewhat erotic for me, and I could feel a stirring in my johnson. Kathy avoided my eyes in silent acknowledgement of the increased sexual tension. Without Larry there, I had no inhibition about staring at her lovely near-naked body. 

As soon as she got out, she turned her back to me to hide her frontal nudity while waiting for the towel. But before he arrived, she bent over at the waist to remove her soggy panties. Once again, she didn't realize that this gave me a perfect view of her pussy from behind. I don't know whether she was excited or perhaps warm from the water, but her lips were engorged and separated, with a sheen of moisture in between reflected by the mounted hot tub deck spotlight. 

I made sure the bubbles hid my near full erection while Kathy and Larry dried off and gathered their clothes. Curiously, she wrapped her towel around her waist and walked past me with steaming breasts bare, and swaying deliciously in the chilly night air.

"Don't stay out here too long by yourself," Kathy warned me as they disappeared into the master bedroom.

"That's good advice," I replied. "Have a good evening!"

They turned on the bedroom light and closed the curtains, instead of going into the master bathroom. But they left just enough of a crack in the curtains for me to see a nude Kathy lay down on the bed, with knees up and spread. One of them must have then noticed the crack in the curtain, which was then immediately closed. 

End of show. But it took awhile for my horn to go down. Maybe Kathy was not as modest as she pretended, maybe even an exhibitionist, because she seemed pretty hot to fuck after exposing her tight little body to a relative stranger. Whatever the cause, it seemed quite remarkable that this shy accountant would insist on getting laid in a strange bedroom, our absent hosts' at that. 

I got out of the tub to sit on the wooden deck to cool off. I turned off the bubbles in the hope that I could hear something of Kathy and Larry, but no luck for this voyeur. I chuckled as I thought of the frantic sexual activity going on not more than twenty feet from me. This was not such a boring night after all.

I lay back on the deck to watch the steam emanate from my body. I was a little light-headed from the wine and the heat but I felt very relaxed. A feeling of well-being was palpable as I gazed up at the stars, hands behind my head. Can there be a finer sensation than laying out naked and super-heated under the stars in the bracing night air? Then I glanced down to see my hard on piercing the night air in all its glory. I waved it around with my groin muscles and giggled as I answered my own question that the only finer sensation was to lay out naked with an erection.

But then again, everything goes better with a boner. Even if it does drain the blood from our brain.

It was only around 9:45, so I knew that Mary was good for another hour before she would be willing to go home. After 10 minutes, I had cooled off and with my dingus now fully respectable, I slipped back into the tub for another soak before getting out. The light in the master bedroom went out shortly afterward, so I guess it had been a quickie for Kathy.

After about five minutes, I was thinking about getting out when the sliding door to the hallway slid open. I turned around to see Lexi emerge from the door.

"Are you all alone, Duke?" she asked as she climbed to the tub level.

"Yes, the Hebert's were in when I got in but they got out about twenty minutes ago," I informed her. "You didn't get too many takers to your hot tub invitation."

"No, this group is still a little uptight I think. ... I will join you if you don't mind the company," she said as she gazed down into the still, lighted water. I nodded and smiled. She could clearly see that I was naked, although fortunately unimposing, as it were. I supposed that she was an old hand with nudity from using her parent's hot tub.

"Let me check on some things and I'll be right out," she explained as she departed the deck, ever the good hostess.

I had known Lexi as long as the others from Mary's school. She was about 27 and a high school PE teacher. She and her husband Rick had been to our house for several parties. 

Lexi was very personable if somewhat shy, and was reserved in her dress and appearance. She and I had never particularly hit it off. Her hair was very short, almost platinum, and she had a vaguely masculine appearance. Her face was attractive, but between her somewhat thick, muscular body and her manner of dress, I was never really attracted to her. She was certainly not one of the women in the group that I flirted with.

In a few minutes, I saw the light go on in the master bedroom followed by Lexi opening the curtains. I casually watched her straighten up the room and then disappear into the master bathroom for about five minutes. Finally she emerged, turned off the light and left the room without a towel. Shortly thereafter, she reappeared at the hall door to the deck.

She said nothing as she closed the sliding door behind her and climbed to the deck. I had half expected that she would turn off the spotlights that brightly illuminated the hot tub deck, but she passed the switch near the door without touching it.

She was wearing black wool slacks, a red silk blouse, and uncharacteristic medium black heels. After setting the wine bottle on the table next to the deck chair that held my clothes, she began to undress. She unbuttoned her blouse and removed her slacks with her back to me, so I had ample opportunity to study her body from the rear. 

I was pleasantly surprised by what she revealed. Her legs were not thick as I had suspected, but were well formed, shapely and toned like an athlete. Why she hid them under slacks all the time I will never know. Her ass was a little flat, but her diaphanous black panties revealed muscular buttocks surrounding a delectable crack. Lexi didn't have much of a waist and so was not shapely in a classical sense, but her body was lean and without fat. At about 5'8" and 150 pounds, I realized that she was one PE teacher that I wouldn't mind getting stuck in a shower with.

Then she turned around to face me, capturing my eyes. She removed her matching black bra to reveal alabaster breasts that contrasted delightfully with her summer tan. Despite my best efforts to hold her eyes as long as she, I couldn't prevent my eyes from darting back and forth to her tits. They were small, firm and conical, with puffy pink nipples sticking out into the cool night air. The breasts really did not have any curve to their underside. Not the most beautiful breasts I had seen, but they actually looked like most of them would fit in your mouth. My tongue itched.

I returned my focus to her eyes, and observed a curious expression on her face. She looked serious without smiling, but her eyes flashed, seemingly daring me to comment upon or criticize her tits. But she made sure that I had ample opportunity to study them before moving on. I had no thought of criticism – only of fitting one of them in my mouth.

Satisfied that she had my rapt attention, Lexi bent at the waist to remove her panties. Dropping them on my clothes, she straightened up to again fix my eyes in her serious gaze. And again, I couldn't hold her eyes as they darted back and forth from the juncture of her muscular thighs to her face. She had the tan lines of a fairly modest bikini highlighting a very thin covering of blond fuzz on her mound. Her stomach was delightfully flat and suggested that she could have done as many sit-ups as I could.

The mounting sexual tension between us could have been cut with a knife. I was totally stunned, both by her unexpectedly attractive body and by her deliberate and meticulous display of it. I really did not know what to make of the situation. Was she teasing or flirting? I had no reason to have suspected previously that she was attracted to me. 

But for the second time that evening, my dick raised it purple head. I was glad that the bubbles were on and the tub light off.

"This is supposed to be a very good Gamay Beaujolais, but it seems a little young to me," were the first words she uttered since beginning what I regarded as her strip tease.

"Well, Gamay is supposed to be pretty fresh," I said, trying to inject some normality into the situation.

She then picked up the bottle and her wine glass and walked over to the other side of the tub to set the glass down, I presumed at the spot she intended to enter the tub. With her back to me, she bent at the waist with her feet a little wider that her shoulders to pour the wine into her glass. You guessed it, her pussy was on clear display to me not 6 feet away, as she slowly and deliberately filled her glass. I could not tell if her labia were shaved, but there was no visible hair surrounding her vulva. I could even see or imagine that I could see her pink rosebud as her butt cheeks were separated by her bending over. The spotlights seemed to be at the perfect angle to reflect the moisture evident in her slit.

I didn't know where this was going, but she seemed in total control of the moment. Straightening up, she walked over to the empty wineglass by my left shoulder. Rather than bend at the waist, she squatted directly in front of me to pour the wine. Incredibly, her thighs were separated enough to show her engorged lips, which were now less than 3 feet from my tongue. Jesus!

She returned to the table with the bottle, and I suddenly realized that she still had her heels on. The heels deliberately enhanced her naked ass and I could think of no other reason why she still had them on.

Since taking up the wine bottle, Lexi had not looked me in the eye so I was free to stare. Now, with her shoes still providing a sensual cant to her contoured ass, she walked all the way around the tub to my right shoulder, where the hot tub controls were. I stared at her, mesmerized by her brazen display. When she reached me, she again squatted down, only this time with her thighs spread almost obscenely wide.
