 I'm driving home from work after a day of marathon meetings, when I notice that my car is bathed in light from the moon shining through my car's sunroof. I open the windows and the sunroof, and stretch as I wait for a traffic light to change. The scent of jasmine blooming all over my neighborhood at this time of year is wafting into my car, and my heart rate starts to slow down as I decompress from the day and enjoy the fresh night air and the moonlight, thinking of how happy I'll be to see you when I get home in just a few minutes.

I pull into the driveway and notice that although your car is there, the house is completely dark. Even the dogs don't seem to be waiting for me as they usually do. I'm puzzled, wondering if you're out for a walk with the dogs. I enter the house and wander through it, looking for clues to your whereabouts. I find the dogs out in the yard, eagerly waiting to be noticed, but still no you. Where can you be? A touch of disappointment creeps into my heart, as I ponder the fact that you might not be here after all.

I'm resignedly peeling off my business clothes when I notice your clothes on a chair in the bedroom and a stack of towels near the door to the pool. Ahhh! You ARE here, and you must be using the hot tub! I nearly leap with joy, as I realize that you'll already have the hot tub heated and are probably there waiting for me! I quickly finish undressing and slip out onto the pool deck which is bathed in moonlight and that same intoxicating scent of jasmine.

There you are, relaxing with your eyes closed in the hot tub. The sound of the jets is loud enough that you haven't yet realized I'm there. I'm dying to call out to you, but I hold back, savoring this unique opportunity to surprise you. I walk ever so slowly to the edge of the tub and step carefully into the water without drawing your attention. Then, I glide across the water and startle you by curling up next to you and kissing your neck. You jump with surprise, but then smile and settle back into position, drawing me into a kiss that makes the stress of the day evaporate in an instant. Your effect on me is amazing...suddenly it is as if I have no skeleton...my body is Jello, forming itself to yours. Gradually, you turn me so that my back is against your chest, my head resting on your shoulder where I can kiss you every so often, and I'm half sitting/half lying in your lap, so we can both watch the moon through the swaying tree branches. We cuddle like this for a long time, our hands gently exploring each other's bodies.

We're so relaxed that we're both in an almost trancelike state, when a breeze rustles through the tree branches, bringing us both back to reality. I turn toward you, lock my eyes with yours, and reposition myself so that I'm straddling your lap with my hands on your shoulders. Your eyes widen as you realize that the entrance to my pussy is now just centimeters from your very alert cock. I smile, determined to prolong this sweet seduction. Your hands are on my hips, and I feel you trying to guide me down and onto your cock. That's exactly where I want to be eventually; but I'm going to play with you for a while first. As you're about to find out, one of the pluses that comes with dance training is the ability to rotate one's hips in a maddening variety of ways!

Still straddling you, I begin to rotate my hips, first in one direction, then the other, so that the head of your cock is grazing the outer lips of my pussy and my clit. I'm still holding that eye contact with you, watching your facial expression as you try to restrain your obvious urge to forcibly take me right here in the hot tub.

I lower myself ever so slightly, so that the head of your cock is just inside my slit and back up just a bit, so that the head of your cock is grinding against my clit. I move in a small circle, letting the head of your cock circle my clit, over and over, the sound of my moans drowning out the sound of the hot tub jets. Around and around the head of your cock I circle, savoring every bit of our contact. I feel your hands slide from my hips to my ass, your fingers parting my ass cheeks. I love the way you're letting me set the pace, while at the same time, you're taking your own kind of control of the situation. You finger my ass and I grind my clit against the head of your cock. I suddenly can't hold back anymore, and you feel my body tremble and then shake uncontrollably, an orgasm coursing through my body, as I scream your name into the night, my head thrown back and my eyes closed. Eventually, the tremors stop, and I open my eyes, giving you a contented look. I slump into your lap, nuzzling against your neck and practically purring as my breathing returns to normal.

You take my hands in yours, and we both giggle at how prunelike our fingers have become from sitting in the water so long! I stand up and cross the hot tub so I can reach the switch to turn off the jets. When I reach the other side, I put one foot on the bench and bend forward, stretching to reach the switch. You're still sitting in the water, absent-mindedly watching me, when you realize that my position gives you a rather unique view of me...my ass nearly at eye level, my legs spread from having one foot on the bench, and my swollen pussy lips exposed to the night air and your gaze. You stir, a sigh escaping your lips just as the jets are silenced. I hear your sigh, and having some awareness of the delicious vulnerability of my position, I turn my head to meet your gaze without altering the rest of my position. We seem suspended in time...the rest of the world has come to a halt around us...and this slow, deliberate exchange is all that matters.

"Nice view," you say, an amused smile forming on your lips.

"Yes, the moon is very beautiful tonight," I respond, with a shrug toward the sky and an impish smile. I know I'm baiting you. This capacity for witty but implicitly sexual banter between us is one of the things I love most about you.

"Oh...yes...I suppose it is," you say without breaking our eye contact, as though you're not really paying attention to the moon at all. Then, you smile a mischievous grin and announce in a tone that imitates the local meteorologist, "Folks, we're experiencing a rare meteorological phenomenon...for a short time, the earth will be orbited by two moons...the usual moon...and a decidedly more interesting second moon...visible only in select locations in Florida this evening."

I grin at you, reveling in your sense of humor. You're still sitting back against the opposite side of the hot tub in the warm water. I'm haven't changed my position either, except that I'm swaying slightly from side to side with the breeze. Most of my body is out of the water, and you detect a slight shiver as goose bumps form along my lower back. I am aware of being slightly chilled, but I don't want to disrupt the flow of this easy intimacy between us. I shift my weight slightly, which allows you to see that my pussy lips seem to be producing their own moisture as we talk.

"Wow!" I say, raising my eyebrows. With wide, innocent eyes and an internal struggle to maintain a practiced academic tone and face, I say, "we're fortunate to be able to experience such a rare phenomenon. We should do something special so that we'll remember seeing the second moon. How would you like to enjoy this experience?"

Finally (I thought you'd never move!), you begin to cross the hot tub toward me, as you say, "well, I've been enjoying this experience for some time now, but I have a few ideas..." your finger tips are on the back of my thighs, trailing up, grazing my wet pussy lips... "about how I can make it even more ..." you caress my ass cheeks with your entire hands "...memorable." as your hands move to gently but very firmly grip my hips. Once again, it is clear to me that I can play at being the cat in this cat-mouse game that we so enjoy, but you're really superbly in command of our mutual pleasure!

Before I can respond, the head of your cock slides between my ass cheeks and stops at the entrance to my ass...applying pressure but clearly waiting for me to digest what is happening. You bend forward, your chest against my back, nuzzle my neck, and...with your mouth on my ear, you say in a hoarse whisper that betrays your arousal, "honey, I would love to take your ass hard and fast right now..." I moan as I visualize what you're saying. "...but I'm not going to." My moan becomes an inpatient whine. I'm wiggling my ass against your cock, hoping to dissolve your resolve to drag this out.

You seem oblivious to my attempts, but your hands are roaming up and down my body and come to a stop with your fingers playing with my fiery red pubic hair. Now, I'm being pleasurably tortured from two angles, your cock at my ass, and your fingers exasperatingly close to my clit. 

Your mouth still at my ear, you whisper, "honey, if you want my cock in your ass, you're going to have to take it." You punctuate your sentence with a slight push that sends the head of your cock just inside my ass and then back out again. I practically growl in frustration. Your whispers continue, "I'm not going anywhere, honey. If you want this cock, you're going to have to fuck it with your ass." As the meaning of your words sinks in, I smile, finally understanding what you're up to.

As I change the position of my hands so I can brace against the edge of the hot tub, I wiggle my ass again, checking to be sure that you're exactly where I want you. I feel a drop of precum escape your cock and know that you're just as aroused as I am right now. Slowly, but very deliberately, I push back, hoping that you'll hold your position and let me take your cock inside my ass. You do hold your position, and within seconds, your cock is driving into my ass, just as I'd wanted. The pressure is very intense, and I pause to adjust to the sensation of being filled by you. 

When I'm ready to move again, I begin to rock back and forth on your cock...never allowing your cock to exit my ass...but repeating that exquisite drive into my ass again and again, sometimes fast and other times slow. By now, my moans are all running together, and you're grunting just as you do when you're very close to an orgasm. True to your ever-so-maddening words, you've held your position and are letting me set the pace. And my pace doesn't always show the restraint that you're able to muster!

I know we're both very close, and I take the one last step that I know will send us both into wild abandon. I know how you love to hear me talk like a slut when you're inside me. I take my hands off the edge of the hot tub, reach behind me to hold your ass and say, "baby, you like this don't you? Me fucking your cock with my ass? Sliding back and forth over your cock?" My sexy taunts continue, describing every aspect of the sensations we're both experiencing, as my fingers tease your ass.

You've stopped speaking altogether, but your fingers have located my clit and as I push my ass back to drive your cock deeper into me, I explode, screaming, "Yes! Yes!" Your own explosion begins the second you hear me scream, and we're both overcome with the spasms rippling through and between our bodies. You slump against me, one hand still locked on my pussy, and the other across my breasts, holding me close. We sink into the water, still clinging to one another. 

"Thank you," I whisper. "That was amazing."

"No, thank you," you respond with a drowsy smile. "I think we'll always remember the night there were two moons, don't you?"