 The chronological order of my stories is as follows:

Todd & Melina series, Interludes 1-5, Sperm Wars series, Russian Roulette series, Case of the Murdered Lovers series, Case of the Murdered Chessplayer series, The Swap series, Interludes 6-10, The Murdered Football Player Series, Case of the Black Widow series, Teresa's Christmas Story, The Case of the Black Badge series, A Case of Revenge series, Trilogy Series, Dark Side Of The Force series, Caught In The Act series, Case of the Murdered Bride series, The Credit Card Caper series.

The Hot Wives Investment Club, Ch. 1.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, extreme language, and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial or racist language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.



Part 1 - Prologue

"Hap-ppy Birth-day... tooooo... yooooo...

As the singing died down, I leaned over and blew out the 31 candles on my cake. It was October 26th, and it was my birthday. The cake was a large, rectangular red velvet cake with that delicious white cream-cheese frosting, one of my very favorites. On top, written in red, were the words "Happy Birthday Iron Crowbar!" and a long red crowbar in red frosting beneath the words.

We were in the back room of The Steakhouse. The party was being hosted by John "Jack" Colby, and was not that large. I'd been given a birthday cake at Headquarters, and all the Detectives and many Patrol Officers streamed through, consuming the six(!) large birthday cakes that had been brought in.

So tonight it was just me, Laura, our babies Carole and Jim, my mom Phyllis, Cindy Ross and Jenna Stiles, Tanya Perlman and Baby Pete and Barry Oliver (they're sure spending a lot of time together, I thought to myself), Martin Nash and Sandra Speer, Jack Muscone, Paulina Patterson and her husband, Melina and Daniel Allgood, Chief Griswold and his wife, and Molly Evans, who was now looking very heavily pregnant, as she indeed was.

Teresa Croyle had been invited but had sent regrets, saying she had a previously scheduled mission that she couldn't get out of. Todd and Jeanine Burke had also sent regrets. I wondered if they weren't coming because Melina and Daniel were here.

Daniel was somewhat breaking the protocol of not associating with Police while running for Sheriff. I had told them to get their asses to the party: if anyone objected, just tell them Melina came to her sister's husband's birthday party and that was that, so be it. Melina looked very happy, and I was happy to see that.

Molly had been put on 'restricted duty' with the Midtown Police Force, so she was going to stay up here, and at The Cabin, and deliver my baby at University Hospital. Jack Muscone had broken up with his girlfriend, and so I suggested he spend time talking to my mom. I might have mentioned to him that my mom was a Cougar, and a lot of college guys seemed to hang around her. He got the hint, and was sitting next to her and talking to her all through the party.

Some humor came when Chief Griswold was holding Carole. She became inquisitive of that strange feature upon his face, his large handlebar mustaches. The Chief was very patient with her, and as she felt them she emitted a piercing laughter. The Chief could be a very good grandfatherly type when he wanted to be, I noted. Meanwhile, Carole was thoroughly entertained in discovering and exploring strange new things...

-

"Here, take this." my wife said, handing me a 'gray viagra' pill, then added "Why don't you put Carole to bed, and I'll get changed." I knew what that meant: she was finally medically cleared to have sex, and she was going to put on something hot and sexy for me. In addition, she had not let me into our marital bedroom all day, so I knew she had a big surprise for me.

Once Carole was in her crib and sleeping, I headed back to the bedroom. A lovely sight awaited me. Laura was wearing a filmy silver-white see-thru teddy, and my God! did she look hot in it. She was also wearing very high heel silver slides with a clear strap over the toes and a nearly invisible clear strap around the back of her heels to keep them in place. I felt myself growing throbbing hard.

"Now let me show you your birthday present." Laura said as I came into the bedroom and closed the door. The bed's headboard was against the wall to my right. On the wall to the left, facing the bed, was a huge flat TV screen mounted to the wall. Playing on the screen were images of people fucking; my wife had put what looked like a porn tape on the DVD.

"Think that'll help us in our fucking?" Laura asked seductively, whispering into my ear.

"Yeah..." I said, "though the way you look tonight is all I need to get fired up." I took my wife into my arms and kissed her mouth deeply. "Thanks, baby."

"Does the actress in this next scene look familiar?" Laura asked. I looked at the TV. It was my wife, and she and the college stud Nick Eastwood were making out, hotly kissing in her little bedroom near her office. I felt my wife's hands undoing my shirt buttons and undressing me as I watched. My cock throbbed at the sight of a handsome young stud making out with my wife. It made me want to do the same with her, and my tongue twined with my wife's as we deeply kissed again, my cock throbbing, my whole body on fire.

"Mmmm, now I want to eat some pussy." I said, once I was stripped naked, my thick cock standing straight out, taut and iron hard, due to Laura's soft hand gently jacking the shaft. My wife allowed me to walk her backwards to the edge of the bed. Once she fell upon it, she arranged herself with her head on the pillows and her long, luscious legs spread wantonly.

Her pubic bush was growing back, but she was keeping it very trimmed and above her labes. Still, the contrast of the dark patch of hair, her white skin, and the brown and pink pussy below was just more stimulation adding to my heated arousal.

I slid down onto the bed and eased myself between my wife's spread legs. Normally I'd start at her elegant feet and kiss and lick my way up her magnificent legs, but tonight we were both too horny and aroused. I did kiss Laura's inner thighs, working my way towards her sopping wet slit, her cuntlips engorged and begging for my oral attention.

I pushed Laura's legs up and back until her knees were next to her big, milk-filled breasts and her feet in her high heels pointing straight up into the air. Then, famished with sexual hunger, I dove in.

"Ohhhhhh!" my wife moaned as I made first contact with her slit. I licked from the bottom of her pussy near her 'taint' and up to her clit in one long, luxurious lick. It had been weeks since I'd tasted this wonderful pussy, and it was heaven for me as well as for her. I immediately began eating her more deeply, sucking her cuntlips until they were distended and wide open, letting my tongue harshly lash her clit to make her groan, then sliding my tongue as deep into her cunthole as I could get it, orally exploring her cunt-cave, knowing how good it was going to feel to sink my cock balls-deep into her depths.

-

"Okay honey, it's time. Fuck me, fuck me with that big hard cock of yours!" my wife gasped. Laura had come hard twice, her juices gushing into my mouth as I greedily lapped them up.

I mounted her, trapping her legs beneath my arms as her hand reached down to guide me into her. I had generously lubed her cunt and my cock as my tongue strummed her clit, using my fingers to get the slippery lube deep into her pussy. We knew the lube was needed for the long, hard fuck we were anticipating.

"Oh, yes! Oh God yes!" Laura gasped out as I thrust into her, sinking almost all of my meat into her pussy with one hard stroke. I pulled back until I was nearly outside of her, then shoved my iron hard rod back into her until our pelvises smacked together.

"Oh God, darling, it's so wonderful having you back inside me!" Laura gasped, joy and pleasure in her ragged voice. "Fuck me with that beautiful cock!" I suited my deed to her words as I began pumping into her with a smooth, steady rhythm. I didn't want to fuck her too roughly, but it was hard holding back. I wanted to be inside this woman, I wanted to pump my cock in and out of her forever!

"Oh geez, Laura, it's so good to be back inside you!" I moaned. "Oh God, I love you so much!" I bent over and kissed her mouth, not a deep kiss but a gentle french-kiss with our tongues battling right at our touching lips.

"Mmmmm, I love you so much, too!" Laura replied, her voice barely a whisper. "How does it feel inside me? Looser?"

"It feels great." I said. "Not really looser, but I feel like I'm going deeper than I ever have before."

"Keep fucking me, darling, keep sinking that big hard thing balls-deep!" Laura said. With her legs trapped under my arms, she couldn't really respond to my thrusts, but I felt her clutching her cuntwalls at me as I would pull out, as if trying to keep me inside. The added pleasure, as well as the sight, smells and sounds of mating with my beautiful wife, had me reaching the crest far faster than I wanted.

"You might as well pull out and come in my mouth." Laura said. "Your sperm won't do any good down there, anymore." I could sense that my wife still felt some pangs at not being able to have more of my children, but I wasn't worrying about that at the moment.

"Whose birthday is it, baby?" I grunted. "It's mind, and I'm going to come inside your hot cunt. Do you know how good it feels for me to shoot my load deep inside you, baby? It's the best feeling in the world, and I'm going to feel it right now..." I began pumping harder and faster. Then I lowered myself until my full weight was on Laura's chest and abs, and slid my hands down to clutch her luscious asscheeks, pulling her hard into me. "Oh yeah, here it comes... oh yeah, oh God, OH GOD DAMN!! UHHH!!"

Blast after blast of hot semen shot out of my cock and deep into my wife's eagerly receptive pussy. Swirls of gray and red-hot mists blinded me as I let my mind go fully into the ecstasy of my release into the incredible woman beneath me. When it finally was over, I was gasping for breath as I nuzzled Laura's neck. I released her legs, still lying fully on her, and we kissed deeply and lovingly for long minutes...

-

I was lying on my back, Laura kneeling by my right side, her mouth deeply sucking my cock. The 'gray viagra' had been productive, and I'd gotten hard and ready again very quickly. I was idly watching the sex scenes playing out on the large TV screen. Laura had strung together a long sequence of various recordings, including some of her and myself making love.

"I think you'll be interested in the one coming up." Laura said. As her mouth descended upon my shaft again, I looked up at the screen. To my surprise, it was a tape of Trish Donolan and other Hedonists being fucked hard and deep by two young studs, including Trish's friend Catherine 'Cat' Clausen. The one fucking Cat was unknown to me, but I recognized the boy fucking Trish as my nephew Todd's buddy Teddy Franklin. The action on the screen was hot, and watching it as my beautiful wife deeply sucked my throbbing cock was very intense...

-

It was some time later. Laura was riding me, enjoying undulating her luscious body as she ground her cunt against my cock that was impaling her to the hilt. I was not responding hard, letting my wife do the work, knowing that she really enjoyed doing this and had come twice already. I did suck her big breasts as they hung over my face, swallowing the milk that flowed from her nipples.

Only the eerie light of the TV screen bathed the room in a bluish glow, as the lamps had been turned off. Laura's body was blocking my view of the screen, but I'd rather watch her anyway. Then I felt a strange sensation wash over me, something between sleepy dreaming and unearthly clarity of vision. I was seeing and feeling Dr. Gloria Searles, the gorgeous black-haired woman with the fantastic legs, riding me, fucking me. I let myself revel in the dream, wanting to feel myself inside Gloria, wanting to fuck her, mate with her, wondering if I could induce the cold bitch in her to melt and take me inside her in sinfully adulterous passion. I was sure going to try to seduce her, I thought dreamily...

-

"Guys, what are you doing?" Cindy asked as Molly and Jenna walked around The Cabin.

Molly was staying in The Cabin as she awaited the impending birth of my baby in two to three weeks. Cindy and Jenna had come over after the birthday party to shoot the bull and have a few drinks. Much girl-talk ensued.

"I heard that Old Man Bonniker built secret passages into this house." Jenna said. "It was rumored he had a secret wine cellar, too, which was a safe room he could hide inside of."

"Oooooh, let's go look for it." Molly had said. That had prompted Cindy's question as she watched her lover and her sister knocking on wall panels.

"Guys, this is Don's house!" Cindy said.

"Yes, it is." Molly said. "And I want to know what secrets he's hiding from us, don't you? Like where all the other crowbars are kept."

"C'mon, you're intruding on his privacy." Cindy said, feeling uncomfortable.

"Well, come help us, then." Jenna said. "Hmmm, if there were a secret cellar, I think Mr. Bonniker would've had it dug into the mountain itself. Let's look in the front bedroom and the TV room." Jenna explored the small downstairs bedroom, which was actually more my study, while Molly tapped on the walls of the TV room that adjoined the greatroom with its huge wall of windows.

They explored the upstairs, unerringly finding the closet behind the wall in the master bedroom. They looked around downstairs again, going through the nearly-empty closets.

But they did not find the secret panel that led to the cave dug into the mountain, the front part which was a wine cellar, and behind another secret panel was my little room where my electronic eavesdropping devices fed into and my ultra-secure computers were. However, if they'd found the rooms, they'd have found nothing... I'd removed all the equipment from the secret room a couple of months before. The stuff was in storage behind a secret wall panel in my mother's basement apartment, waiting for me to find a new location to set the stuff up. And I had no way of knowing how fortunate my actions would be...

After giving up their search, Molly headed off to bed, dreaming of being deeply fucked by my cock, feeding off the energy I was sending into the Universe as I fucked Laura. Cindy and Jenna fell asleep on the sofas downstairs...

-

"So how was your work today?" Tanya asked as she put her sleeping baby son in his crib.

"Pretty good." said Barry Oliver, who was climbing into bed after undressing, admiring Tanya's hot body in the nightgown as she turned and stepped over to the bed. "We're getting the process CNC machines in place, and Todd has secured more financing for us. I don't know how he does it, but he charms them all and they can't wait to throw money at him."

"That's good." Tanya said, slipping into bed and snuggling up with Barry. "How are the new hires doing?"

"That's been pretty hard." Barry said. "We've found three that once worked under what I call suspicious circumstances... a couple that were once at DynaCorp, Seth caught them rather quickly, and we suspect they'd be moles. But then I caught another couple that had been in places like Langley, Virginia, and at a couple of Universities where 'certain' projects were going on."

"It's good you're catching on to them. Don has been worried about that." said Tanya. "He's trying to put the pieces together of what he thinks is an industrial espionage ring operating here in the County, as well as other places. The FBI asked him to work with them on it."

"Yeah, he's right that there are people out there who love to steal industrial secrets..." said Barry, "... and some of them are working on behalf of that same Federal Government. They're really trying to penetrate us.

"Speaking of 'penetrating'," Tanya said sexily, letting her hands and lips explore Barry's young body, "let's put the company aside and concentrate on you penetrating me."

"Sounds like a good plan." Barry said as he rolled on top of the sexy policewoman. His penis, throbbing hard and just under seven inches in length, easily found Tanya's sopping wet slit, and he indeed penetrated her- balls deep, burying his meat to the hilt in her womanly heat. He began a smooth, steady rhythm of fucking, and Tanya began moaning as pleasure coursed through her body. Barry's scientific precision and skill translated well to the bedroom, and he fucked her with skillful pistoning action, his ass bouncing up and down as he thrust deep into her again and again...

Part 2 - Undercover(s) Operations

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News!" yelled the lovely redhead reporter from outside the Hyatt Hotel north of Town. It was 7:00am, Oct. 30th. "Channel Two News is following the big Board meeting of BigPharmaCorp today! CEO and Chairman of the Board, multi-millionaire Donovan Donolan, is expected to make remarks on BigPharmaCorp's earnings today, which are expected to show tremendous, record profits for wealthy shareholders. There is plenty of security for the Board and Shareholders here at the Hyatt Hotel, as the possibility of protests from environmentalist groups, as well as Occupy groups protesting the widening gap between the haves and have-nots, is always an issue."

"In other news," continued Bettina, "while the BigPharmaCorp Board elections are expected to be easy and not challenging, the same cannot be said of the political elections in the State and in our own Town and County. In the Coroner's race, Dr. John Quincy Kelly has taken a lead over incumbent Coroner Steven Lester Haines, after Coroner Haines was formally reprimanded by the Town & County Council for releasing a photo of the murdered Diane Lang before Police had notified her next-of-kin of her death.

"But all eyes are on the extremely important State Senate race, between Democrat Katherine Woodburn, former owner of KXTC, and TEA Party Extremist Republican John Cummings. The race is a dead heat, and State and Federal dollars are pouring into the County in campaign advertising. SBI Director Jack Lewis has told Channel Two News that this race may be the most important in State history in determining the future of the SBI and the safety of the Citizens of the State. This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Channel Two News!"

I'm not sure what was more interesting... Bettina and her microphone, or watching the beautiful Detective (J.G.) Joanne Cummings sputter with anger at the negative aspirations assigned to her cousin John Cummings by the deeply biased Press.

Have I mentioned that I am not alone in my hatred of the Press?

-

"Can I talk to you in your office?" Lieutenant Teresa Croyle said to me as KXTC was showing a taped Sports report by Chuck Pringle.

"Sure." I said, looking towards Cindy as I said with emphasis: "Let's go now. I don't need Chuck Pringle to tell me what my Wildcats are going to do to the Bulldogs on the football field this weekend." Cindy looked daggers at me as Teresa and I headed out the door towards my office.

"Better set up a lunch date with your wife." said Lt. Teresa 'Cunt' Croyle once we were in my office and seating ourselves. "The photos from our undercover surveillance are in File 10-30-C."

In the early morning hours of this same day, Oct. 30th, Vice Detective John 'Grubby' Paul had made contact with two black men, and they'd gone to a house on the border between the Industrial/Warehouse and the Southwest Ghetto districts of Town. Grubby had worn a tiny camera that looked like one of his shirt buttons, and Teresa, wearing all black, had snuck onto the property with a high-powered camera, taking pictures. They were hoping to see a drug exchange and could get photos. Obviously with Teresa trespassing, we could not use these particular photos for full evidence, but we hoped to get probable cause for a larger sting operation.
