 I first laid eyes on him when I was sitting at my desk in my office just one month ago typing away crazily at my computer trying to get last minute details done on a project. 

I was so concentrated in my work I did not notice him at first. I heard the sound of two deep voices talking nearby and was annoyed at the distraction. I looked up and there he was. My breath held and I sat motionless for what seemed like forever. The warmth started in my face and traveled down to my chest, stomach, finally settling between my legs. If I hadn't been so immersed in the fact that I had just seen the most gorgeous man alive I would have noticed him looking right back at me. I blushed from the sheer fact that I was looking at him like I was going to devour him at any moment. His face did not give away what he was thinking but he did crack a smile my way before turning back to the conversation with one of my co-workers. 

I was at a loss of what I should do, the ache that was between my legs just at the sight of him was overwhelming. I rubbed my thighs together hoping it would ease the sexual tension a little bit. All the while I kept stealing glances at him. He was about 6 feet tall with the bluest eyes, the color of the ocean. His hair was a dark brown and it wasn't short but it wasn't long, it touched the neck of his dark blue shirt. The kind of hair that you could spend hours running your fingers through while tasting his luscious lips. Ooo..those lips. Just watching them move when he talked made a shiver go down my spine and the pressure between my legs grow even fiercer. 

I closed my eyes for a brief moment and imagined those lips nibbling my earlobe while his masculine hands slid up my shirt toward my eager, aching breasts. His mouth sucks on my ear gently then more insistently as he cups my breast in his large yet amazingly soft hand. He rubs my ever swollen nipple with his fingers as his mouth moves to mine and he wastes no time delving into my depths with his hot tongue…

"Lori?"

I hear someone speak my name but for a moment it doesn't register.

"Lori?" louder this time.

My eyes snap open and I look at the man who is the star of my fantasy and then the guy next to him, my boss, John. 

My face is totally flushed and my breath comes out somewhat labored. I look at both of them trying to think of an excuse. "Uh. Sorry, I started to get a bit of a headache so I had to close my eyes for a minute." 

Knowing how stupid that sounded I still had to make John believe that is really why I looked like I did at that moment. 

"Are you feeling alright?" he asked.

I tried not to look at this other man with him as I tried to utter simple words. "Yes, I feel ok now, I've just been concentrating too hard." My face even got a little redder as I thought of exactly what I was concentrating too hard on. I could feel the wetness down between my thighs, my clit throbbing with pure animal desire. 

My boss gave me a strange look for a moment before saying, " Lori, I would like you to meet my brother, Seth, he's here from Arizona for a couple days." I finally had the courage to turn my head and look at the most beautiful man I have ever seen. He gave me a knowing look, kind of like he knew exactly what I had just been daydreaming about. He then stuck out his hand and said in a deep soul-searing voice, "Nice to make your acquaintance." I looked at his hand a moment, a fleeting thought entered my mind that if he laid those hands on me in real life, I had a feeling I couldn't stand it for long before I had to have him fast and hard inside me. 

I shook myself mentally, berating myself for acting like a lovesick virgin teenager. I extended my hand out and I shook his hand with a soft, "same to you." You know when you feel just as you're about to climax and you're on the threshold wanting to cross over so bad you can feel it in every cell of your body? Well that's how I felt the moment we touched, the electricity running rampant through my body. I squeezed his hand more firmly while staring into his eyes, getting lost in them for a second. Was that returned desire I saw or was it just my imagination? He squeezed back for a moment before releasing my hand. I looked at my hand like I had just shook the hand of my favorite celebrity. 

"Well, Seth, let me show you the rest of the floor and then you can go and explore the rest of what Chicago has to offer." Seth nodded and they turned to leave. He turned his head back and winked before walking out of the office. 

"Oh," I said. What the hell was that all about? I leaned back in my chair to relieve some of the pressure down there and stretched like a lazy cat. My body was so alive it almost hurt with being so horny. I ran my hands down the front of my shirt, over my sensitized breasts and to the front of my short skirt and between my legs. I hardly ever wear underwear and this day was no different. I put a finger there and found how wet I was. I brought it up to my nose and smelled myself, wishing Seth's hand could be where mine just was. 

I sighed and got up, thinking I needed a break from work. I walked slowly out of my office feeling sexy without a care in the world. Usually I have a hiding spot I tend to go to if I get too stressed during the day and I think I needed to go there now and cool down a bit. It was considered a storage room but there were chairs in there and no one came in there except for me so I knew I'd be alone. 

I closed the door behind me and I went and laid on the couch figuring I could rest for a few minutes. I was quite comfortable and I couldn't help but think about Seth some more. Did he have the same thoughts in his head as I did? Did he want me as much as I wanted him? All of these thoughts were tumbling through my head when I heard the door open. I looked up and saw Seth stepping in the room and he stared right at me.

We stared at each other for a minute or two before he closed the door and locked it securely behind him without losing eye contact. At that moment I was starting to feel a little self-conscious as his eyes moved up and down my body. My skirt didn't leave much to the imagination and I could feel him undressing me with his eyes. He came over and sat at the edge of the couch. Without a word he touched his finger to my mouth and traced the outline of my lips. The sudden urge to just want to tear every piece of clothing off and feel his hands and mouth on my body was unbearable. 

"I want you," was all he said. That was enough for me. 

I unbuttoned his shirt, practically tearing off the last buttons wanting to get his clothes off so I could feel him against me. I pulled him down toward me and kissed him, plunging our tongue's in each other mouths. I felt like I couldn't get enough of him, I knew that this wouldn't be long and slow. I moaned into his mouth as he moved himself over me. I ran my fingernails over his back then I reached down and grabbed his butt with my hands and pushed him down toward my body. I rubbed up against him, feeling how huge his cock was. I reached between our bodies as we devoured each other's mouths and rubbed my hand against him feeling him swell even more as he groaned out loud.

"You're making me crazy," he said with a growl. He rubbed his cock against my hand more insistently and suddenly I wanted to feel it without clothing in the way. I unbuttoned his pants and he pushed them off and they fell carelessly on the floor. He raised my shirt up and threw it on the floor next to them. My hand gripped his manhood and I started to move up and down on his shaft with just the right pressure. At the base of his cock, I took his balls in my hand feeling the sacks stiffen. He groaned so loud I think people outside might have heard him but we were so engrossed, neither of us cared. He ripped off my bra and instantly took a nipple in his mouth and started to suck greedily while massaging my other breast with his mouth. I moaned out loud to the darkened room and ran my fingers through his hair, pushing his head harder against me. He bit my nipple and I let out a cry as pleasure ripped through me. He kept on sucking as his hand slid down underneath my skirt and he sank two of his fingers in my pussy. I moaned even louder as his fingers started to slip in and out of my hot wetness and I moved my hips as I felt release building up inside me. 

"You're so fucking wet for me, you've wanted me inside you the moment you saw me didn't you?" he said before sucking on my neck.

His blunt words caused even more of my juices to flow out of me as he continued to finger me while making not so gentle circles around my clit. I couldn't hold back any longer as a huge orgasm tore through my entire body. I buried my neck in his chest trying to muffle my screams My body twitched and my pussy muscles contracted around his probing fingers. My orgasm seemed to last forever and the sight of me cumming so hard just from his hands drove him over the edge. He shoved up my skirt and lifted my legs up in the air spread far apart and he plunged his cock into me as far as it would go.

He fucked me so hard and fast I thought we would fall off the couch. He groaned every single time he came into me as the wet tightness of my pussy enveloped his huge cock.

"God, you're so hot and tight, I don't know if I can last long," he said. I opened my legs as far as it would go to allow him deeper access. I could feel his full sacks slap against my tingling ass every time he rammed into me. I started to massage my own breasts as he watched, me looking at him the entire time. My fingers rubbed over my dark nipples and I felt another orgasm build up as I started to moan. His pubic bone bumped up against my clit while he drove into me over and over again hard and fast.

"Uhh..uhh..God, Seth, faster! Oooo..uhhh!" I couldn't stop moaning his name as the biggest orgasm of my life flooded through me. I could feel my pussy contract around his cock and my juice just flowed out of me as I kept cumming. 

He rammed into me as fast and as hard as he could until a few moments after I came I felt his cock pulse inside me. "Lori, I'm cumming..UUUUUUHH!" he groaned aloud as he emptied load after load of his cum inside me until I could feel some leaking out of me and down to my ass. He kept pumping into me until the last of it was done and then he collapsed on me, both of us sweating and breathing heavily.

"My God," I said. "Seth, that was amazing." 

"Care to repeat today tomorrow?" Seth asked with a wicked grin. 

"Just as long as I'm on top," I said.