 It was the day before Valentine's Day and I really wanted to make it a special evening for my boyfriend John and for myself. John would have dinner reservations at our favorite restaurant. John is a wonderful man, so I knew it was up to me to plan what would happen after dinner. A smile crossed my face as I put together my plan. I had the perfect dress, but I needed to go shopping for some sexy lingerie to wear just for this special occasion. 

I went to several stores trying to find what the perfect look that I had imagined in my mind for my evening. All of the stores had their sexiest lingerie out for Valentine's Day. It was so much fun trying on all of the sexy lingerie. I found some great things. But then I found a pretty lace Demi bra that made my breasts look really hot and full. It had a matching thong panty. The panty material was very sheer, enough that you could easily see my pussy through them. It was so sexy! I got the garter belt and stockings to go with them. It was perfect. I knew that would drive John crazy.

The evening was going great. We had a somewhat secluded table lit by the soft glow of candles. We ate a yummy dinner, drank wine and flirted with each other. Between the wine and the romantic ambiance, our flirtations had both of us worked up and ready to move on to my special plan. I know I was.

After a wonderful dinner together, we headed back to my place. On the way, I purposely allowed my dress to ride up enough so that he could see the tops of my silk stockings and garters.

John could hardly keep his eyes on the road. At one point he reached over and lightly ran his hand over my stocking tops and down along my covered thigh. I could tell by the bulge in his pants that my outfit was having the desired effect on my lover. 

When we got inside, John built up the fire while I put down a blanket and some pillows in front of the fireplace. We drank some more wine and got comfortable. John was starting to kiss me with deep warm kisses. The kind of kiss that makes me melt into his arms. He then lowered his hand from my head down over my shoulder and began rubbing and squeezing my breasts through my dress. 

At this point, I knew it was time. I got up, stood in front of the fireplace and slowly started a strip tease. Facing the fire, I let him watch as I slid the zipper down the back of my dress. Turning back around facing him, I crossed my arms and let the dress straps fall from my shoulders. As soon as my dress dropped, I heard him let out a moan of pleasure. I knew he would love my lingerie. I unhooked and removed my bra noticing that he had already started rubbing his cock through his pants. I very slowly pulled my panties down, never once breaking eye contact, and let them gather around my ankles. As I stepped out of them, I could see the lust in his eyes. The warmth of the fire felt incredible on my naked body. I reached around and softly rubbed the cheeks of my warming ass as I prepared to unhook the garters from my stockings. He asked me to leave on the garter belt and stockings, which I knew he would. 

I slowly and seductively walked over to him. I knelt down before him and helped him out of his pants and underwear. His cock was already hard and I had not even touched him yet. The lingerie and strip tease had definitely worked. Wow, his cock looked amazing. I took his cock into my mouth and started sucking him right away. I could not stand it any longer. I wanted to taste his cum. I was taking him deep into my mouth, practically into my throat. I could feel his cock throbbing and pulsing in my mouth. His cock tasted so delicious, especially when he started leaking a little pre cum. Just when I thought that I had him about to cum, he stopped me and told me to lie back. I whimpered my disapproval and gave his cock a few more strokes and then lay back on the pillows. 

He lowered himself down on top of me kissing me very deeply. Then he moved down my neck, spending several minutes kissing and sucking on my tits, making my nipples tingle and making me really hot for his tongue. John has an incredible tongue. I could not wait for him to get to my pussy. He moved down my belly and then made himself comfortable between my legs. Finally, he started. His tongue parted my lips, sliding easily from my vagina up to my clit. He ate me out so well. Oh god he ate me out so well. My whole body felt hot and flushed. I am not sure how long he ate me but I had one of the most intense orgasms that I have ever had. My hands gripped the blanket, my body arched and I started trembling. I remember moaning loudly and screaming out as I started cumming. 

Before I had a chance to recover, he pulled my legs up over his shoulders, my ankles around his neck, and slowly pushed his cock into my very wet pussy. I expelled a deep moan as his girth stretched my pussy. He immediately started fucking me deep and hard. His hands firmly gripped my tits as he pumped into me. I don't think he has ever fucked me with that much pure lust and desire. After several minutes of deep, hard thrusting, I sensed that he was about to cum. We were both about to cum. I heard him grunt real loud as he pulled it out and started squirting cum all over my belly and tits. Watching as the last drop of cum fell from his cock, I smiled up at him rubbing his cum into my skin. He let my legs down and laid between them on me and we kissed for several minutes.

We had some more wine and lay together, talking, kissing and caressing each other. He continued to softly caress my breasts and run his hands up and down my stockings. He told me how much the garter and stockings turn him on. I noticed that his cock was getting hard again. He whispered in my ear that he wanted to fuck me again. 

Smiling seductively I moaned my definite approval, "Mmmmm,Yes."

Oh my god, he has never fucked me two times in a row. My pussy was still wet and tingling from before and was definitely getting wetter. He told me to roll over on my belly and spread my legs. He got between my legs, and I could feel his hard cock as it lay between the cheeks my ass. Wow, I could not believe he was so hard and ready again. This was great! I hiked my butt up to allow him access to my burning pussy. He pushed it in and grunted as his hips moved up against my ass. I moaned deeply his cock felt huge inside me. I don't if it was the angle he was fucking me but he felt huge in me. I held onto the blanket while he was thrusting in and out of me. I could feel his sweat dripping onto my back as he fucked me. It was incredible. He was making me cum. He was pushing into me really deep as I screamed out that I was cumming. He kept fucking me all the way through my orgasm. Then finally, he grunted real loud again and I felt his hot cum pumping up into my pussy. He collapsed onto my back with his cock still in my pussy. 

After a couple of minutes to recover our breath, he pulled his cock out and I snuggled up in his arms. While we were laying there all warm and cozy, I could feel his cum leaking out of my pussy and down over my leg. I felt so satisfied. We laid there snuggled up in front of the fire for a while. 

Before we got up, I wanted to suck his cock to finish off the evening. I just had to taste his cum one more time. I moved up and down his shaft slowly with soft, smooth strokes as if I was tenderly caressing his cock with my lips. I felt his balls tighten and his cock pulsate as he squirted what little cum he had left into my mouth. I swallowed and then licked the few remaining drops from the tip to clean him. I crawled back up and lay on top of him and kissed him deeply. 

"Happy Valentine's Day, Baby". 

I think that pretty well did him in for the evening. I was proud of him. He came three times for me. It was an incredible Valentine's evening. Needless to say, the lingerie was a real success.