 CHAPTER 2: FIRST TIME TWICE

Introduction: The chapters of Hotbeds are supposedly written by an elderly man recalling his sexual adventures as a prep school teacher in the 1950s and 1960.

*****

Were these women, these Lesbians, really offering proper, all-the-way sex? 

'If you would like to, that is,' said Gwen. 'You might not fancy it with a couple of old bags like us.'

'Bags' they were not. They were in their late forties, I guessed. Gwen was a large, dark, but well-proportioned woman, broad in the beam and big busted. Tony was a tall, rangy Australian with reddish hair and bright blue eyes. 

'But I thought you were...' I began.

Tony said, 'Yes, we're dykes sure enough, but we've nothing against blokes. We've had a few in our time, though not much since we got together in the War. The only thing is it would be both of us together. We share everything, you see.'

I was speechless, and they laughed, recognising that I was ready, willing and able, and, beyond that, deeply moved by their affection and kindness. I turned my head to thank Gwen and she put her mouth on mine and sucked my lips. Then she stopped and pushed my head the other way so Tony could do the same. 

Tony said, 'Are you ready, feller?' 

They got up, pulled me up and sandwiched me in a hearty hug, patting my bottom, nibbling my ear, pushing their breasts against me. 

'He's ready,' Tony said, feeling for my erecting cock.

I had never been in their room. Two single beds had been pushed together, covers folded back. They had put the gas fir on earlier, so it was warm. They efficiently undressed me. 

'Don't do anything yet,' Tony ordered. 'We're in charge. OK?' 

They also disrobed, sweaters, shirts, skirts and bras, till they were standing in their white cotton knickers.

Gwen's breasts were large, slightly sagging, with huge, dark red, areolas and nipples. Tony's were smaller, pear-shaped, but equally beautiful, their areolas paler. 

'Bet you've never seen a ginger one,' said Tony, stepping out of her pants. And her bristly fuzz was, indeed, auburn. 'Like it?' she asked, 'Gwenny loves it, don't you, mate?'

'Garish,' Gwen said. 'This one's prettier,' and she whipped off her knickers to show me her luxuriant bush of shining straight hair.

They lay down on the bed, and Tony said, 'We're going to make love now, and you can join in. Some blokes find it exciting to see a couple of women together.'

What followed was one of the most amazing and beautiful sequences I have ever seen. By turns they nuzzled and licked nipples, stroking bottoms and pushing fingers into cracks. 

They constantly kissed deeply, looked into each other's eyes and murmured endearments, which were partly for my enjoyment I thought. 

'You long Outback beauty. I love you. I love the taste of your Ozzy bum.' 

'Let me at that great round English arse. I'm going to run down your trackway and get my hooks into your dear old slippy cunno.'

'Get those thighs open. I want to see that slidey old twat.' 

'Open your own. I'm going down into that billabong.' 

Thus, they lay opened to each other and fingers glided along vulvas. 'You can look as close as you like,' said Tony. 'They're not the same, and different from you-know-who's, and from Madam's. Yes, we know about her.'

I knelt on the end of the bed, below their feet and laid myself carefully down on their thighs, bringing my face close to those active digits and those luscious slots. Gwen's inner labia were dark red, abundant, spread back from the glistening vagina. Tony's lips were narrower, neat rims to the paler pink opening. 

'Both beautiful,' I pronounced. 

Tony asked, 'Do you tongue? Well, we know you do. Would you like to now?' 

I couldn't wait to get my lips and tongue into those shining, waiting minges and I sucked and licked them alternately. 

'He's pretty good, isn't he?' Gwen began to breathe harder. 

'Let's get organised,' suggested Tony.

I had to stand as she took my place, lapping at her lover's vestibule. She lifted her hips presenting her bottom, and I needed no further hint and lay down between Tony's legs and applied my lips to Tony's pussy. 

She said, 'Go for the clitto now, feller. That's right. Boy, is it hard! So's yours, my darling, she mumbled to Gwen. 'Just a bit longer,' she gasped, and we'll be there.' 

'Yes, it's coming,' Gwen said. 'Come with me, Tone. Here it is!' 

'Damn yes!' Tony shouted. 'All the way. Seventh wave.' 

They lay still, quivering a little and panting. 'What about that, then?' Tony asked. 'First time you've seen two dykes hitting the heights, I bet.' 

'Don't worry,' Gwen reassured me. 'We'll take care of you in a minute. Just getting good and wet.' 

'Let us up now,' Tony said. I moved back down the bed and they knelt up. 

Those two bottoms side by side, cheek against cheek were a sight I was never to see again after leaving that school, and knew at the time to relish. Then Tony half turned and motioned me forward so that I was kneeling behind Gwen.

She said, 'We want to give you your first time in a woman. We want you to give us your first time, too. A bloke's first time inside a woman should be special. We want you to remember it, to remember us, all your life.'

'I know I will,' I said. 

'We think Gwen's a little deeper and there's those lovely long lips to wrap round you. So move up close and I'm going to put you in. That way I'll be part of it.'

I shuffled up till my cock was touching that opulent bottom. Tony slid her fingers into Gwen's vagina. 

'Good and ready,' she said. 

She took hold of my penis and guided it till the tip was between the labia, poised at the opening. 

'Push now,' she said. 'That's right.' 

And for the first time I experienced what I knew to be, and what has been ever after, the supreme sensation in the world, that of hot, wet cunt closing round eager, tumescent tool. It was the more wonderful because my cock was also gliding through Tony's fingers, till she took her hand away and I was completely engulfed.

I gasped with the joy of it. 

'Nothing like it, eh?' Tony said. 'Stay still, if you can, and enjoy it. How's it for you, Gwenny?' 

'It's good. I'd forgotten what it was like to have a man in there.' 

'You know what to do next,' said Tony. 'It's instinct.' 

And of course I did. I began to push and withdraw, push in and pull out. 

'Sometimes it's good to come out and go in again,' Tony advised, and when I slid out she slotted me back in. 'You must be close,' she said, 'It's usually quick first time.' 

As I thrust in again she took hold of my balls and pressed a finger on the root of my cock, in front of my anus. Then she reached her other hand round Gwen's bum and I felt the fingers of that hand twanging Gwen's clitoris. 

'It's coming, isn't it? Yes, here it comes! Give it into her. Hers is coming, too.' 

The orgasm shook my whole frame. It was like pouring my whole essence, every drop of fluid in me, into that bower of bliss. At the same time, I felt Gwen's vagina tensing around me in her climax. Tony was feeling the pulsing of my ejaculations with her finger and making little humming sounds. 

Gwen was murmuring, 'Yes, yes, I can feel you. Your coming into me. It's nice. I'd forgotten how it feels.'

One thing I learned was that the cock goes more or less vertical in that position, so when I shrank and slipped out semen flowed out down Gwen's thighs. Both women dabbled fingers in it, licked and sniffed. Then we were all lying down, with me in between them. How amazing it was to have four breasts resting against me, as they lay onto me and kissed all over my face and licked my lips. 

'You're a man now,' Tony told me. We pulled the bedclothes over us and fell asleep.

I was woken by a squeezing of my penis. Gwen had rolled over with her bum pressed against my thigh.

Tony was turned towards me, smiling and working my tool. 'You have to have both,' she whispered. 'Up and over,' opening her thighs and urging me to turn and get over her nearer leg. 'Gwenny sleeps like a log, but I'm awake and it's my turn. You're ready, aren't you?' 

My cock was again fully hard so there was no need to reply. 

She spread her legs wider. 'It'll be a bit sticky at first,' she said, guiding me to her vagina, 'But push in hard and it'll ease up. That's right. Oh, yes, it's dry, but don't stop.' 

I was certainly having to press hard, but I was slowly going in. 

'It can feel good when it's not ready, I think,' she murmured. 'But now, you see, it's getting juicy. Is that good, feller?' 

'It's wonderful,' I said. 

'Usually takes longer the second time if you've done it recently,' she said. 'Don't hurry. Let me get my hand to my clitto. Then I can make it, too.' 

I lifted my stomach away from hers and she brought her fingers to bear. I could feel them pulling at the labia as she rubbed.

Then Gwen woke, heaved a deep sigh and said, 'What's going on? Oh, good, you're going again.' And she rolled over and began rhythmically to push my bottom. 'In you go. Right in,' she said. 

'Deep as you can. Right to the cervy. Steadily, steady,' Tony instructed. 'It's growing. It's building in my bum. You're nearly there. You're getting harder. Let go when you like. Yes, I'm gonna come. Almost there. Do it now!' 

And for the second time I ejaculated inside a woman, sperm after spasm, as she, too, orgasmed around me, crowing with delight. When I shrank and flopped out of her I laid my head on her breasts and we slept again.

When we woke, and when, after them, I had gone to the bathroom, they were sitting on the bed, looking at me speculatively. 'There's time for another, if you can,' Gwen said. 'We can play vagina roulette.' 

They stood, turned and knelt side by side on the bed, cheeks touching. Tony said, 'Into one and then into the other, and it's a matter of luck, or your choice, which you come into.'

Those gorgeous bottoms and this amazing possibility spurred me on. I had been weary and I wondered if I had any spunk left, but as I brought my tool-tip to Gwen's cunt there was sufficient stiffness to drive it home. I plungered in and out a few times, then sought Tony's puss. Slick from Gwen's lubricant I glided in. 

'They are different,' I said. 'Gwen is deeper, yes, because I can feel Tony's cervix, and Gwen's seems to take a slight curve upwards just inside. I can feel myself sliding round it.'

It was time to change cunt, and there I was back in Gwen, and the familiar tingling in the thighs and bum was starting. 'It's nearly there,' I told them, pulling out of Gwen and plunging into Tony. 'It's coming.' 

There was just time to get back into Gwen and the sperm spewed into her depths. But before it finished I whipped into Tony and jetted the last spurts against that cervix. 

'Both of us, eh?' said Tony. 'No preferences, then?'

Although I was now drained I was sad when we trooped off to the bathroom. There was only enough hot water for one tub, so we all went through it. Then they produced the makings of a hearty breakfast and it was time to part. 

I was going home for Christmas and they were going to meet up with 'the old gang' in London, their wartime friends, some of whom I suspected would be enjoying the delights of Tony and Gwen.

We went to the station together, and as they kissed me good-bye, Gwen said, 'See you next term, and if you need...anything, don't hesitate.' 

Of course, I did need, and though it was more difficult to arrange, they always came through. Denise was replaced by the local vicar's wife, who stood in when there was a staffing problem. She was not only an unlikely prospect but did not live in. Meanwhile I had to continue masturbating Madam. 

But at the end of the school year the headmaster took me aside. 'I think it might be better if you found another post. Your teaching is excellent, but I think you may have become too attached to my wife. I know that young men often become smitten by older women, so I quite understand. She is still very attractive, I know. Of course, I know there's been nothing adulterous about it, but I must preserve her good name. I'll give you an excellent reference. There is actually a vacancy at - ' And he named a prep school not far away. 'I could telephone and recommend you.'

I thanked him, agreed to go where he suggested, and he shook my hand warmly and wished me luck. Gwen and Tony were almost as sad to see me go, as I was to go. But, they pointed out, I would be released from servitude to Madam. Besides, they told me, there was an art teacher they knew at the new place whom I might find interesting, even if she was a bit long in the tooth. 

'By the way,' Tony reassured me, 'In case you were wondering, us two old kangas are past having any little roos.'