 As David settled into his seat for the long drive, Kim came to his window to say bye. Kim leaned in to give him a kiss and slid her hand down his shirt. Squeezing her hand, David said "I would love for you to come with me." Kim pulled back, gazed into his adoring eyes, walked around the car and got in. In shock, David smiled, put his hand on her thigh and drove off. The drive seemed to last forever. David wanted to take her on the side of the road and with Kim rubbing his inner thigh the whole trip, he was about to go crazy.

Once they arrived at the hotel, Kim had David wait in the car while she checked in. Secretly she had made special arrangements for a surprise. Riding the elevator up to the 6th floor, David cornered Kim and began to kiss her. He pressed his body into hers; he loved how her breasts felt against him and how she smelled. As they kissed, he bit down on her bottom lip and just as she was about to grab his ass the elevator door opened.

Lacing their fingers together they exited the elevator and moved down the hall. Kim felt like she was on her honeymoon again. The smile on David's face told her everything, he was just as excited as she was; she couldn't wait to surprise him. As they entered the room, David noticed the smell of vanilla candles and when he looked around the room he saw them everywhere and the bed was covered with rose petals.

He sat the luggage down, turned to Kim and picked her up. Embracing her in a kiss he walked over to the bed he laid her down on the bed of petals and began to devour her. Their lips never parted as their kiss grew more passionate. Once on the bed, David took control. He ran his hands up her hot body, feeling every inch of it. He pushed her shirt out of the way and saw that her bra hook was in the front. Tracing the edge of her bra, David noticed Kim's nipples harden, so he leaned forward and gently kissed them. The harder they got the more he wanted her, so he unhooked her bra and cupped her tits in his hands. They seemed to melt into his grasp. Squeezing them, he started kissing her body. Beginning at her belly button, he moved down her soft stomach. When he reached the top of her pants, he slowly slid them off.

Seeing her red thong made him get so hard he had to unbutton his pants. Once he was free to grow he moved his focus back to her. Starting at each knee David gently kissed Kim's inner thighs and worked his way to her warmth. The closer he got the more she ached for him, finally when he reached her, she grabbed his head and pulled his mouth into her. As his tongue over took her swollen heat, he slid his hands off of her full breasts and held her hips tightly. She tasted so sweet David almost exploded.

Without being able to wait any longer needed to David mount her. Kim pushed her thongs off and David Kicked his pants off and pulled his shirt off his head as he put his knees on either side of her and let his long cock enter her. The intensity of his entrance made her bite her lips and she moved her to her breasts. When David saw her squeeze her nipples he laid down on top of her, turned her face to his, said "I love you" and began to wildly kiss her. She ran her hands up his arms, squeezing his strong muscles. His tongue pushed into her mouth with the same desire his cock pierced into her pussy. As they kissed, Kim squeezed her pussy around him. Feeling her tighten and how wet and hot she was David began to cum. The thrusts of his cock almost pushed Kim over the edge; she grabbed his fabulous ass and pulled him deeper into her until she exploded around him. Her pulsing, wet pussy drove him crazy, especially feeling how deep he was in her.

He knew at that moment he needed to be with her each and every day for the rest of his life. When their bodies finally relaxed, Kim placed her hand on his face, directed his gaze toward her and started kissing his face, she didn't miss a spot. When she got to his lips, David kissed her so peacefully and lovingly she melted.