 I work 3rd shift at a small hotel. I'm single, out of college for a couple years. It doesn't pay great, but it works for me. 

My official job title is Night Audit.

Basically, I get paid to sit behind the desk all night and stay awake. 

Usually I just watch t.v., read, or play games on my phone. 

But sometimes...

Sometimes I get up to something a little more naughty. 

Take this night last week.

It was 2:45 AM on a Tuesday. The hotel was practically empty. 

In walks this guy, six and a half feet tall. Well built. Nice suit. 

This is not the kind of guy we normally get at our place. 

"Excuse me." He says. "Do you have any rooms available?"

Polite too. I was already wet.

"We do." 

"Great. I'll take one."

I brought up the registration screen and got him in a room. 

"Wait." He said. 

I stopped what I was doing. 

I saw he was looking at the t.v. screen we have set up on the wall in the lobby, showing all our special rooms. 

"You have special suites? With hot tubs?" He asked.

"We do."

"Any of those open?"

"A few."

"I'll take one of those." He said.

I noticed he didn't ask how much.

"Sure. Will that be cash or credit."

"Cash." He pulled out a money clip from his pocket. "How much?"

"$300" 

He pulled off 6 bills. It was $600.

"The rest is for you if you'll show me to the room." 

I couldn't believe I'd heard that right. 

"You want me to what?" I asked.

"Show me to the room."

Now let me just say I know I look good. I'm 5' 4'' with round hips and a narrow waist. Thanks to a couple semesters of cosmetology, I know how to make my hair and make-up work for me.

I get hit on all the time. I'm used to men wanting me. 

But I'm not used to men with money that look like this guy wanting me. 

And I've never had them offer to pay me just to show them to their room. Of course, I was sure there was more to it.

"All I have to do is show you to your room?"

He nodded. "But I'm hoping you'll join me."

I was blushing. I knew it. 

He either didn't notice or pretended not to.

My mind raced. 

Our manager was very clear that under no circumstances were we allowed to join our customers in their rooms. Apparently there had been problems in the past, because it was printed on the first page of our employee handbook in large bold type.

But I really wanted the money.

Hell, I also really wanted him.

And that decided me.

"OK." I said.

He nodded and motioned for me to lead the way. He only had a single medium sized suitcase with him. 

Whoever he was, and whatever he did, he traveled light.

We walked to the room in silence. 

I couldn't think of anything to say.

"Here we are." I said. 

"Could you open it for me?"

I opened his door with the key and pushed it open.

He walked in and turned on the light.

"Nice." He said. He set his suitcase down on the desk in the corner of the room and 

turned to look at me. 

"Will you join me?"

I realized I wanted to.

"Yes." I said, and stepped into the room.

I closed the door behind me and heard it latch shut.

I turned back around. He had taken off his jacket and was undoing his shirt.

I could see the bronze skin of his chest as he took his shirt off. Hard muscles quivered with his every movement. 

I felt a soft warm throbbing between my legs and knew I was wet.

"Do you like to look at me?" He asked.

I swallowed. "I do."

He crossed the room to where I stood and took my hands in his. 

"I want you to touch me." He said. He pressed my hands to the skin of his chest. I felt the hardness of his muscles beneath my fingertips. 

He slid his hands under my shirt and touched the small of my back.

I gasped softly.

He pulled me to him, gently but firmly.

I looked up at him and his lips met mine. 

I could feel his need for me as we kissed. 

His hands lifted my shirt up. He broke the kiss and pulled my shirt over my head. 

He let it drop to the floor and swiftly undid my bra. My breasts slipped free. 

He cupped them in his hands and kissed me again. I could tell by his movements that he wanted to turn towards the bed.

We made our way to the bed, never breaking our kiss.

I was so wet I was dripping.

I fell back on the bed.

He stood before me, looking down at me.

"Take off your pants." I said.

"Take off yours."

He undid his belt and unbuttoned his pants. I reached out and pulled them down. He was wearing black boxers. I pulled those down too.

His penis hung, semi hard in front of me. 

It was big. 

He smiled. "You want me." He said. 

It wasn't a question. I wasn't used to men with his confidence. It turned me on.

"I do." I said.

"Do you want to put me in your mouth?" He asked.

I did. I didn't answer him, but leaned forward and licked the tip of his head. I heard him sigh softly as I took just the tip of his head between my lips and swirled my tongue around it.

He dropped his hands to my shoulders and thrust himself forward, deeper into my mouth.

I sucked him slowly, up and down his thick long shaft, taking as much of him in my mouth as I could. 

I did that for what must have been several minutes. 

Normally oral sex was just something I did to get a man hard. I didn't particularly enjoy it. 

But with this guy, I wanted to do it. I liked how his cock felt against my tongue. I liked how his skin tasted. I loved the subtle yet strong scent of him. Maybe it was pheromones. 

Maybe it was his muscles, or the craziness of the situation. 

Whatever it was, at that moment all I wanted to do was please him with my mouth as well as I could. 

At some point he had put his hand on the back of my head, gently guiding me without forcing me. I was so deep into what I was doing I didn't realize it at first. 

Then I tasted his pre-cum and realized he was close to finishing.

I let his cock slip from my mouth and looked up at him.

"If I finish you, will you put your fingers in me?" I asked him.

He nodded.

I took his cock back in my mouth and sucked him, slow and deep and steady.

"Don't stop." He said. "I'm going to cum."

I moaned softly. 

"Do you want it?" He asked.

In answer I took him as deep in my mouth as I could, all the way to the back of my throat.

He groaned with pleasure. I felt his shaft throb as he came in my mouth. I swallowed it as he gave it to me, trying to keep him in my mouth as long as I could.

He slowly pulled out, and collapsed on the bed next to me. 

I laughed.

"That good huh?" I asked.

"You're amazing." He said.

"You're not done." I said.

He laughed and sat up. "You're right. Lay down."

"Oh no." I said. "I want something else."

"What?" He asked.

"That." I glanced at his cock. It glistened against his thigh. 

"I need a moment." He said.

I had other plans.

"69 me." I said.

He smiled. "Alright."

He laid back on the bed. 

I pulled off my pants and panties and moved to the top. 

I put my face down by his cock and swung my leg over his chest. I felt his hands on my thighs as he gently pulled me into position.

"Ready?" I asked.

His answer was to put his tongue in my pussy.

I gasped.

He was good.

He found my clit almost immediately. But he didn't just stay there. He was playing with me, licking and kissing my pussy lips, teasing my opening. Letting his tongue drift to that sensitive spot between my vagina and my anus.

"Hey!" I said.

"You're supposed to be doing something too." He answered.

I felt his tongue swirl on my clit. 

With as wet as I was his face must be dripping.

The thought of my pussy juices all over his gorgeous face really turned me on. 

I leaned forward and began to suck on his cock again.

He didn't need as much rest as he'd claimed. 

I felt him get hard again almost as soon as I started.

While we 69'd, he slowly explored my body with his hands. 

Then his hands settled on my hips and they held me gently but firmly to his face. I heard him moan softly as he slid his tongue inside my opening and then returned it to my clit, swirling around it slowly. 

I lost myself in what we were doing.

I didn't realize I was going to cum until it happened. I felt my orgasm crash over me. I pulled my mouth away from his penis and moaned, trying to be quiet. My muscles tensed. I thrust my pussy against his face.

He tightened his grip on my hips, holding me to him as wave after wave of pleasure washed over me.

I collapsed on top of him when I was done, his hard penis resting next to me.

I felt something warm on my cheek.

I touched it and looked at my finger.

It was cum.

"I'm sorry." He said. "I came while you were cumming. It was just so fucking hot."

I looked. There was a small pool of cum on the tight skin of his stomach. He must have cum right after I pulled off. 

"So you came on my face." I said. 

It was kinda hot having his cum on my face, even though that wasn't what we'd been trying to do. 

I'd never done that. I'd had boyfriends who had wanted to, but I never let them.

I always thought it was kinda gross.

Why would you want to put your cum on someone's face? I never understood the girls who let guys do it.

But now I could kind of see it.

Sometimes you were just so attracted to someone, you wanted to do everything with them. There really was no reason for it, other than you just wanted more.

He slipped out from underneath me and stood up.

I took in his hard body and couldn't quite believe what we'd done together.

I sighed. 

I had to shower and get back to the desk before anyone noticed I was missing. It was that quiet time of night, but soon the people with early flights would be getting up. I would have to be behind the desk when they did.

"I have to go." I said.

"I know." He said. "I appreciate you showing me to my room."

He walked up to me and put something in my hand. It felt like paper.

I looked down. It was the $300 dollars he'd promised me.

"What is this?" I asked. Did he really think he needed to pay me for sex? That I was the kind of girl who would put out for cash?

"It's what I promised you."

"What kind of girl do you think I am?" I asked. "I came in here because I wanted to, not because you were going to pay me."

"I know." He said. 

"Then why?" I asked. "Is this just some weird kink of yours to make me feel bad after?"

"No." He said. "I want to see you again. I'll be staying here again tonight. I want you to take that and buy yourself the sexiest thing you can imagine wearing."

"You want me to spend $300 on lingerie?" I asked.

He nodded. 

I thought about it.

"OK." I said.

"Until tonight then." He said.

"Until tonight."