 Dinner was over, thank goodness. It had been for about 30 minutes, which is just about the minimum amount of time you had to socialize afterwards before you could excuse yourself without drawing any attention to yourself.

Conventions were nice for a variety of reasons. In the first place, they got me out of town for a few days. Second, I could always spend some time in the hotel room away from the regular pressures of day-to-day life and just detour from things in general. And, I got to see some old and new faces, good or bad they were at least different from the regular crowd at the high school.

I've only been teaching high school math for 2 years but already was starting to settle into a routine and had discovered which conversations to include myself in or excuse myself from.

Lisa, a science teacher and the only other attendee to the convention from our school, had been standing next to me at the after dinner reception for the last 10 minutes. Since she seemed to be enjoying herself, I figured I could tell her I was leaving to go back to the hotel and she would be willing to cover for me. It was only two blocks and the night was still warm so I was looking forward to the walk as wind down time.

I should tell you that Lisa is a pretty but typical teacher. She dresses conservatively at school so as not to attract attention (especially from the teen age boys) and keeps her conversations in neutral topics. She's not quite completely vanilla but you'd have a hard time locking onto one trait that would make you seek her out for company. Of the figure she does reveal, it has always been full but lean, topped off with a short blonde hair style that kind of came out of the 60's. You know, the one where you comb it down and curl it in with the angled bangs in front? On anyone else it would be old but for some reason it worked for her.

This was the first night that I had seen Lisa in anything that could be considered formfitting attire. Still it was just a simple blue, sleeveless dress with a moderate neckline and came down to her knees. The matching blue shoes and gold jewelry made for a nice but conservative outfit. You'd really have to stretch to catch a glimpse of any bare skin but you could see she had a nice set of round hips and enough of a bust to fill out the front of her dress.

At a pause in her conversation with another of the dinner guests I leaned in to her ear and made her aware of my plans.

"Lisa," I said, "I'm going to sneak out of here and go back to the hotel. I've had enough mingling for one day. Can you cover for me in case anyone comes looking for me?"

Lisa half looked at me and half looked at the crowd while responding to me. "You took the words out of my mouth, Tom. What do you think the chances are we can both escape at the same time? My feet are killing me!"

"Let's go now while the gettin's good," I said. "Otherwise we could be here all night."

"I'm right behind you," she said.

So Lisa and I both walked toward the doors to the hall, casually leaving our half full drink glasses on one of the dinner tables on the way out.

"Do you have a coat or purse you have to get from the check area?" I asked.

"No," she said. "I left all that in my room so I wouldn't have to worry about it."

"Smart thinking," I said.

We exited the convention center and began to walk leisurely back to the hotel, making small talk as we went and careful not to talk about our local school politics. Seemed we both liked the chance to get away from home mentally for a while.

"So, it's only 10 pm," said Lisa. "You can't tell me you are really going to your room for the rest of the night. You must have some other secret entertainment plans in the works, right?"

"Actually, Lisa, I do plan on going to my room and doing some SportsCenter Camping," I said.

"SportsCenter Camping? What in the world is that," she asked. At this point I'm sure she thought I was pulling her leg but it's really what I had in mind.

"It's where I go to my room, order up a couple of drinks from room service, get naked and watch SportsCenter on ESPN til I go to sleep."

Lisa started laughing. "You've got to be kidding!" she said. "That sounds more like something a teenage boy would do, not someone your age. You're not planning on going out somewhere to party?" 

I wasn't sure if I had the reputation of being a partier or if she was just fishing for more information on what I was REALLY going to do for the rest of the evening. I didn't much worry about it, though, as she seemed pretty genuinely interested for no reason other than being interested.

"Nope," I told her. "It's a great way to unwind and just totally relax with no one around to bother you or complain about your clothes on the floor or your burpin' or nuthin'." It was kind of nice to be involved in a lighthearted conversation with her for a change. This comment drew a slight chuckle from her. I felt like she might be starting to loosen up a bit.

"What are you planning on doing for the rest of the evening?"

"Well the first order of business is to get out of this outfit and into some jeans. Then I really didn't have much planned," she said.

I wasn't sure if that was an opening for me or not but I thought, what the hell? Might as well indirectly proposition her and have some fun. She won't take me up on anything anyway, but it will be fun to try and make her blush.

"Well," I said, "why don't you change and come to my room. I'll order you a couple of drinks and you can go camping with me."

Lisa nervously giggled. "Yeah, right, just what us girls like to do. Hang out naked, drink and watch cable sports. Oh my!"

We kept walking down the block and it was then that I realized her response wasn't a "yes", but it also wasn't a "no". Maybe if I worked this just a bit the evening could get much more interesting.

"So it must be the sports that turned you off on the idea, huh? I know you drink because I saw you at the dinner. And I'm also going to guess you get naked once in a while to shower and change clothes. So it must've been watching sports that killed the idea, huh?"

Lisa sort of half looked at me while she walked. "Actually I like sports, even on TV. And like you said, I do drink---socially of course. I'm just not so sure about the 'get naked' idea with you." 

Then she caught herself.

"Don't get me wrong--you're an attractive man. It's just that we don't know each other all that well and it might not be too relaxing, it being our first evening out together, away from the school."

By this time we were only about 50 yards from the entrance to the hotel. I decided I had one more chance to make this offer more appealing or we'd be in the hotel lobby and I'd never get her up to my room. Based on our conversation so far, I felt my chances were more than 50-50 now, so why not?

"I tell you what," I said. "Change into your jeans, come up to my room and we'll start by having a drink. Then, if you start to feel comfortable, we'll lose a shirt or something and get more into the camping phase. If you want to stop with just the drink and sports, then that's cool, too. At least we get the chance to visit and get a little sports in as well."

By now we reached the front doors of the lobby and Lisa spoke briefly to the doorman and hotel clerk but not to me. Not until we were in the elevator.

"OK, what room are you in?" she asked.

"1541. Out the elevators, go left, end of the hallway."

"OK, I'll stop by for the drink and we'll see about the "camping" idea. Give me about 10 minutes to change and freshen up."

"Fair enough. What are you drinking?"

"Get me two glasses of white wine, large," she said.

"White wine it is." At that point the doors to the 8th floor opened up and Lisa walked out of the elevator.

Glancing back over her shoulder, she said, "See you in 10!"

Finally this conference was getting interesting! I had no real idea what Lisa even looked like under all that conservative frumpy wear but maybe the jeans would show something more. At worst, I would get to banter and tease with a female tonight. She did have a nice sway to her hips as she walked away from me but who knows what was under there.

I ordered a bottle of white wine for her instead of the glasses. This way it would stay cold longer. For me, it was three bourbon and sevens, heavy ice. Why they supplied the room with snacks but no wet bar was beyond me. Maybe they felt they made more money if you had to use room service for alcohol.

After tidying up the room a little, I decided to get into my jeans also and a Polo shirt. No reason for me to stay in my dress clothes, was there?

Ten minutes came and went. At first I thought she may have decided against coming but then women always take longer to change than they say it will. So I decided not to worry until I hit the 20 minute mark. I turned on SportsCenter, fluffed the bed pillows and planted myself for the wait.

Two minutes later I heard a shy knock on the door. While walking to the door I called out, "Just a minute."

Opening the door I was pleasantly surprised. There stood Lisa in a white, spaghetti strapped tank top that showed off an elegant neck line, a full bust line and trim waist. Naturally I tried to see if she was wearing a bra but didn't want my eyes to linger there for too long or I'd scare her off. 

Her jeans were lightly worn Levi's that showed off her full hips and long legs. It was refreshing to not see some bullshit designer label It really made her look more casual and relaxed.

"Sorry I'm late," she said. "Some kids pushed all the buttons on the elevator and I got the scenic view of the hotel on the way."

"Not a problem," I said. "Come on in and pour yourself a glass of wine. I got the bottle just so it would stay cold longer."

"Oh really. Not because you wanted to get me drunk and take advantage of me?" She said half joking over her shoulder as she walked to the table. "Nice shirt."

"Well, the thought did cross my mind," I said. "But I thought I'd at least start out the evening being a gentleman. And thanks--it's one of my favorite shirts."

Closing the door I had a better chance to check out Lisa's figure. There was a nice jiggle to her breasts as she walked past me. But the most pleasant surprise was her ass! Round and firm, it was candy for the eyes to watch it move as she walked across the room. I could already imagine her on the bed, doggie style and me hanging on to those hips as I fucked her....

"What are you drinking?" Lisa asked.

"Bourbon and seven," I replied. 

"The hard stuff, huh?"

"Well, I drink what I enjoy and not a lot," I said. "Grab your wine and make yourself comfortable on the bed. Or you can take the desk chair if the bed is a little too friendly for you. SportsCenter is just starting."

"The bed is fine," Lisa said. "Besides it looks like you got more pillows than me in my room so it should be pretty easy for both of us to get comfortable."

Lisa laid down on the bed and propped herself up with the pillows in prime position to watch TV. I did the same and soon we were drinking and visiting like old friends about sports and our sports heroes.

After getting up and refilling our drinks, I settled back on the bed to continue watching the show when Lisa spoke up.

"So when do you usually get into the 'camping' part of the evening? Or have you changed your plans just because I came over?"

"Well," I said," when I'm alone I usually get naked right away. Since you're here, I thought I'd wait and see if you developed an interest in joining me. After all, it wouldn't be right if I was naked and you weren't."

"What's wrong with you being naked and me dressed?" she said, joking again. "All right, all right. I think I'd like to try the 'camping' thing but I'm not sure about getting totally naked just yet."

"So how about we ease into the idea?" I suggested. "How about we each take a piece of clothing off every few minutes until we are either naked or one of us says 'stop'?"

"That's not a bad idea," Lisa said. "Can I trust you to 'stop' when I say so?"

"Absolutely! This evening is about having fun and relaxing, not being uncomfortable. You say 'stop' and we 'stop', no questions.

Lisa was quiet for a moment, watched the TV and sipped her wine. Then she made her decision.

"OK, I'm willing to try it. How do we get started?"

"Since you are the guest this evening, I'll let you decide," I said. "You decide what we should both take off first, and I'll follow along. Then, when you say you are ready to take off another piece, we'll take off another piece."

"And what happens when we are totally naked?" asked Lisa, as she took another sip of her wine.

At this point I decided not to tell her that my honest answer was I would love to fuck her brains out for the next 3 hours. I knew that would probably not prolong the evening. So I came up with something a little more gentlemanly.

"We can do whatever you want. 'Camping' is just hanging out. If you feel like doing more at that point, we can talk about it. If you feel like just hanging out and watching TV, that's cool too."

"OK," she said starting to get into a sitting position on the bed, "I guess we should take our shirts off first."

"Works for me," I said. "But we can make this a little more interesting if you'd like."

"How's that?" Lisa asked, suddenly thinking the rules were being changed on her.

"Well, instead of each of us removing our own piece of clothing, we can have the other person do it for us. It would add just a little more spice to the process if you're interested."

Lisa gave it some thought. The idea obviously intrigued her but her hesitation said she was not ready.

"How about we do the first one ourselves? Then maybe we can do each other on the next one?" She said.

"Sounds great to me. Just drop your shirt wherever you want or there are hangers in the closet if you want to hang it up."

Lisa smiled and relaxed and reached for the bottom of her tank top. At that point she paused, though. She wasn't going one step further until she saw I was serious about removing my shirt also. 

So, I grabbed the collar of my shirt and casually pulled it over my head, smoothing out my hair once it was off. I then folded it in half and tossed it on the chair.

Looking back at Lisa I saw she was halfway through pulling her tank top over her head. She was just then pulling the garment past her breasts and over her head. It was obvious now she wasn't wearing a bra. 

My eyes almost dropped out of my head when I saw her breasts! Perfect, full conical shapes with an elevated nipple on top. The nipples were large and hard and standing up nicely but not enough to look like erasers. The moved gently while she finished removing her top but were firm and had no sag in them yet.

Her skin was lightly browned but it was obvious she didn't get much time in tanning. Her stomach was flat and led to a trim waistline.

Lisa casually tossed her top over mine on the chair and then settled back into her sitting position on the bed. She tried to look relaxed but was obviously getting as excited as me, sitting there half nude watching TV.

"Now what do we do?" She asked, half nervous.

"We just watch sports," I said, as casually as possible. "How's your drink---more wine?"

"Yes, please."

I was hoping she would say that. Sometimes something as simple as getting a drink refill can really lighten up a tense spot. And Lisa couldn't decide if she was tense or getting excited.

I got up, refilled her drink and got my second one from the tray. I turned to walk back to the bed with her drink and did my best not to stare at her tits. Fortunately she was still focused on the tube so I got a good look in before setting down her drink. Just as I set it down, I heard her say thanks. As I looked at her to tell her she was welcome, I saw Lisa's eyes staring right at the bulge in my jeans. Obviously she wanted to see if I was getting turned on, too.

It was pretty obvious my dick was getting harder by the minute. The bulge in my jeans proved that. It was just a good thing I kept my jockeys on when I changed into my jeans. They at least minimized the bulge until I wanted to reveal things. Not that I'm built like a horse or anything. But I do have a nice 7" cock with a sweet mushroom head. It just makes it more fun when you can control the "unveiling".

I returned to my place on the bed and watching Sports Center. Gradually the conversation loosened up again and pretty soon we were both behaving just like before our shirts were gone. The booze certainly didn't hurt the situation but it was obvious Lisa was beginning to relax and enjoy herself.

The topic of baseball came up on the tube and Lisa and I started getting into a good discussion about what and who we liked and didn't like in the sport. To emphasize a point, Lisa set her wine glass down and turned on her side so she was facing me. I did the same and soon we were looking right at each other, holding out discussion.

We started out keeping our eyes fixed on each other but I couldn't resist staring at her breasts periodically, just challenging myself to get her nipples standing out as much as possible.

My change of view must have been apparent, as Lisa started checking out my chest in return and then my crotch. We continued this conversation for about 15 minutes, all the while feeding the hunger in each other's eyes with the views of our half-clad bodies.

After a short lull in the conversation, Lisa asked, "Is it getting hot in here to you?"

Actually, with the exception of a very hard cock being restrained by my pants, I was very comfortable. However, I saw the opening so I thought I should take it.

"It is getting a bit warm in here," I said. "Maybe we should take another piece of clothing off?"

Lisa smiled and started to giggle. "I wondered how long you would wait before you suggested that." She paused, then looked at me and said, "OK, I guess the pants are next huh?"

"Yup," I said and started to reach for the top button on my jeans.

"Wait!" She said. "Want to make it more interesting?"

"Sure. What did you have in mind?"

"I thought we would try your idea, you know what you said before. Where we each take off each others piece of clothing," she said.

"All right. Did you want to go first or do you want me to go first?"

"Why don't you go first," she said. "Then I'll have a better idea of what to do. After all, this is 'camping' by your rules."

"Ok, slide on down to the edge of the bed and we'll get those pants of yours out of the way," I said as lightheartedly as possible.

Lisa and I both moved to a sitting position on the edge of the bed with our legs were hanging off the end, sort of like when you are getting ready to put your shoes on before leaving the room. I started to stand up and Lisa grabbed me gently by the arm, indicating she wanted me to stay seated. I turned to look at her to ask her what she needed and found her just staring at me. 

We looked at each other for a moment and then she put both arms around my neck and reached in to kiss me. First it was just a simple peck on the lips, followed by another and then another. 

Then she backed away and whispered to me, "I just wanted to let you know I'm having a nice time 'camping' so far."

"That makes me very happy," I said.

Then she pulled me even closer with her arms and started French kissing me, shoving her tongue into my mouth as far as it would go. I thought I was in heaven!

As we continued the kiss, I gently placed my hands on the sides of her waist and started stroking her body up and down. Her light moans told me I was doing fine and it was safe to go further.

I slowly edged my hands up to her tits, lightly brushing her nipples with my palms. This Lisa let me do for about a minute before breaking off my kiss and backing away. I let my hands fall back down to her waist.
