 Finally we're alone. After the 14 hours on the plane, my boss's housewarming party in Trivandrum and then the Upinayinam, with very little rest in between, we get a break before the business part of the trip starts. It was nice of my company to put us up at the Leela Resort in Kovalam. We walk into the vast lobby and look out through the columns at the pool... it seems to blend into the Arabian Sea, 80 feet below. 

After checking in, we are driven to our room on the steep hill overlooking the sea. In the distance are both the local fishing boats and, farther out, the huge oil tankers. We can see the private beach and hear the waves breaking. The room is small but elegant, one of stark contrasts. Behind the modern sliding panoramic glass doors are a second set of distressed mahogany doors, designed for privacy. The walls are decorated in dark mahogany and there are pure white linens on the king sized bed. The floor is cool ceramic tile, yet the temperature in the room is tropical. The bathroom is magnificent; teak walls, beautiful tile, a two-person Jacuzzi tub, and an open air shower.

I throw you your bathing suit and watch you as you put it on... your short hair, perfect breasts with erect nipples, trimmed pussy with shaved lips and beautiful firm ass. It is all to soon covered by your one-piece suit, and the shorts and t-shirt you put on over it. You look over at me and see me getting into my suit, my cock semi-hard from watching you. Our eyes meet, and you smile.

We walk down to the beach. Barefoot, we move across the sand to the water, letting the warm Arabian Sea caress our feet and calves. The waves are high and the current is strong. It's to dangerous to swim, so we watch the boats as the sky darkens. 

We talk the small talk of a long time couple, truly by ourselves for the first time in over 15 years. Trips and vacations have always been family affairs, and now with the boys staying with friends half a world away, the short bursts of conversation are about what the boys may be doing or that they would enjoy being here, followed by long, comfortable periods of silence.

We walk hand in hand back up the hill to the pool as darkness descends.

The pool is calm, quiet, and empty, the only sound coming from inside the restaurant adjacent to the pool. We both slowly slide into the warm water. Without a word we move to each other and I hold you tight. You wrap your legs around my waist and we move to the wall of the pool overlooking the sea. Small lights bob in the distance, the ever-present fishing boats. 

Feeling your legs around me brings on the response you were hoping for. You can feel my cock getting hard against you. You look at me and smile. My hands move down to support you, cupping your perfect ass. I massage your bottom and I can see the effect it is having on you as your nipples become erect. I kiss your neck and chin and the center of your chest... I hear you gently sigh.

My fingers move toward your pussy, rubbing you through your bathing suit. As I rub you, you can also feel my hardening cock against you. Your breathing gets shallow and your legs lock around me tightly. You slowly rock back and forth against the head of my cock; the only thing that keeps me from entering you is the cloth of our bathing suits between us. We look deeply into each other's eyes. The fire that has been missing between us seems, at least for the moment, to be back. You unwrap yourself from me and we move toward the pool's edge. I help you up the ladder, my hands on your bottom. You pause briefly and wiggle your ass at me as you ascend. I follow you up the ladder and we towel off quickly. We walk rapidly, almost running, back to our room.

We leave our clothes on the bed and move to the bathroom. I first step into the tub and turn the water on to wash my feet. I take off my bathing suit while standing in the tub, you take yours off and join me. 

I bend down in front of you to wash your feet, your pussy inches from my face. I nuzzle your pussy as I wash your feet, taking in your scent. The tip of my nose rubs your clit up and down. your feet now free of sand, I stand up and you kneel in front of me. It's your turn to wash my feet. 

Your hands wash the sand from my feet and continue up my legs. One hand cups my balls the other surrounds my stiffening cock, stroking it lazily. You take the head of my cock and circle it with your tongue, flicking the ridge of it. Your mouth takes in my cock head as you stroke me harder and faster. My hands move to your head, running my fingers through your hair as you devour my cock.

You take my cock from your mouth and stand up. You kiss me deeply, your hand still holding my cock. You lead me by my cock from the tub to the shower, which is surrounded by three tall walls and a small overhang of clay roof tiles... otherwise the starry sky is the ceiling. I reach over and dim the lights; you turn on the shower and adjust the water temperature. We stand under the stars, warm water raining on us. I take you in my arms and kiss you deeply, our tongues exploring each other's mouths, our bodies pressed together. I can feel your breasts and your erect nipples against my hairy chest, my hard cock pressed between us. I bend my knees slightly and my cock springs free, moving between your legs. You guide me to your opening and I stand up fully. My cock is now buried deep in your pussy.

I take one leg and grab you behind the knee, lifting it. You wrap it around my ass and I support the both of us, my arms and my cock holding you up. You rock back and forth on my cock, my hard shaft rubbing that special spot inside you. I kiss you again and again as my cock massages your G-spot. My lips move to your chin and your neck. I nibble your shoulders, your ears, and move back to your sweet lips.

I whisper in your ear "you feel so good baby, you are so warm and wet. I love being inside you."

You take your leg down and we separate, my cock falls from you. You turn around, bend over and put your hands on the wall, the warm water hitting your back and ass. You look back at me, and tell me, "I need you inside me again."

My hands take your hips and I move behind you. My cock rests on your ass. I move back slightly and you can feel the head of my cock move down slowly between the cheeks of your ass. I press forward, my cock on your ass, teasing you there... it then moves down between your pussy lips. I pull your hips toward me, entering you hard, fast and deep. With my hands on your hips I slam into you again and again, going ever deeper and deeper into you. I lean over you and taking my hands from your hips, reach under you and roughly grab your breasts. I force myself into you, pulling on your breasts, finding your nipples and tugging on them as I fuck you hard.

Taking one hand from the wall and spreading your legs wider, you play with your clit as I fuck you from behind. Water rains down on us as you moan loudly; I continue to force myself ever deeper into you, pulling you back on my cock by your nipples. Your fingers work faster and faster on your clit bringing you quickly to climax. I can feel you shudder and contract around my cock as you cum. 

I return my hands to your hips and fuck you deep and hard. Your pussy surrounds my cock tightly as I thrust over and over into you. I pull you back hard against me and hold you there as I cum inside you. My cum fills you up and spills out of your pussy. It mixes with your juices and the water from the shower. I take myself from you and you stand up and turn around, the water washing the flood of our juices down your legs. We hold each other tightly, kissing for what seems like hours.

The water starts going cold so we shut off the shower and slowly towel each other off. You dry me off and clean my softening cock with your mouth. You look up at me, my cock in your mouth, and I swear that I have never seen you look as beautiful as you do right now. 

We finish drying off and we get dressed, you in an Indian skirt and top, me in khakis and a black golf shirt. We both opt to leave our underwear off so we can quickly continue where we left off after dinner. We climb the hill back toward the restaurant and a wonderful 5 star dinner, stopping halfway up to look out at the stars, the water shimmering in the moonlight and the lights of the fishing boats bobbing up and down. We turn toward each other and kiss deeply, holding each other tightly in the slight tropical breeze. As we continue up the hill, you receive a reminder of our shower as a single drop of our commingled juices runs slowly down your inner thigh.