 I started today like any other day, running a little later than I would have liked but still on time. I like to be early, but it rarely happens. I got to work at 11:00 just on time. I work at one of the local hotels as a housekeeper; not exactly one of my top career objectives, but it's a job for right now. You see I was going to get married to this great guy, but 2 days before our wedding I caught him with the maid of honour (she also happens to be my sister) so I called off the whole thing. Of course my sister said I was over reacting and my entire family took her side. Anyways long story short, I moved to a new city, got a new job and have been single for about a year now (as in having no sex and being constantly horny). So now that you know a little bit about me we'll go back to today.

I began my cleaning on the third (top) floor and the other housekeeper started on the first floor so that eventually we would meet in the middle and be done. I was cleaning my 5th room of the day and it was apparent that the guest had checked out as all of their belongings were gone, so I was doing a very thorough job including changing all of the bedding and wiping down the phone and the remote to help stop the spread of germs. As I was wiping down the remote I must have accidentally pushed the power button for the tv because it turned on. Before I could turn it off a very sexy scene came across the screen, obviously the guest (looked to be a single man as the seat was up and only one side of the bed was slept in) had been watching it on pay-per-view and had turned it off having merely paused it. The scene was of a brunette (kind of looked like me with bigger boobs) being eaten out by one guy while another very attractive young guy was fucking him anally, it was hot! I looked over at the bed, which I had yet to make, and noticed a rather large stain on the white sheets, it was obviously sperm. The guy who stayed here must have jerked off to this last night. Now watching guys masturbate has always been a huge turn on for me and after a year without sex I was getting pretty hot just thinking about this guy jerking off watching the scene currently sprawled on the television screen. Looking at the alarm clock I figured I was about 15 minutes ahead of schedule and decided to get myself off quickly. 

I made sure the door was closed and I took off my pants and unbuttoned my shirt. I hadn't worn any underwear that day because yesterday was laundry day but I didn't get it done so I was just wearing my bra and open blouse. I hit play on the tv remote and sat right next to the cum stain on the sheets. The scene kept playing out with the guy who had been eating out the girl starting to fuck her while she sucked the other guy's cock. These two guys were muscled and had the most gorgeous cocks I had ever seen. Each of them was about 8-9 inches long, one was thick and veiny and the other was long and thin. I pushed my bra cups under by boobs and started to pull on my nipples with one hand while my other hand had already started massaging my clit. Man did that feel good. I just imagined that long, thick cock in my pussy and I was soaking wet. 

I have a special talent; I can lick and suck my own nipples. I stuck my tongue out and pushed one of my hardened nipples into my mouth. I slipped 2 fingers up into my now soaked pussy and felt the vibrations of my moan through my nipple. On the screen the girl was still being fucked by the guy with the thick cock while the other one was back to fucking him in the ass. I was getting really into it by now and kept pumping my fingers into my pussy while I rubbed my clit with the heel of my hand.

All of a sudden I saw some movement out of the corner of my eye, there was a very shocked looking, very attractive man standing in the doorway. I stammered "I...I....uugghhh....uuuummm...." pulling the sheet on top of my exposed body.

He stammered "I...uuuhhh.....think I left my cell phone charger on the desk...." 

" O my god, you must think I'm horrible. Please don't tell the manager, the tv turned on by accident and thought of someone jacking off to this really got me going and ....you don't care." I rambled. Looking him in the eye for the first time I realized that he didn't look scared, disgusted or angry; he looked horny. Sure enough I looked down and there was an unmistakeable bulge forming in the front of his jeans. 

"I won't tell your manager. Don't worry. It'll be our little secret I just need my cell phone charger." He said kind of sheepishly, but still looking me in the eye. He walked over the desk and when he bent over to unplug the charger, I saw that his ass was as fine looking as the rest of the clean cut, blue eyed man with chin stubble standing in front of me. 

"You looked pretty into that fantasy of yours when I walked in," He said looking me straight in the eye in a way that the most innocent of girls couldn't miss, let alone a horny one like me. 

Tossing back the sheet and winking at him I said "Yeah, but no fantasy can replace the real thing. Care to help a girl out?"

He was on the bed faster than I thought possible and his lips pressed against mine. "I've always been a realist." He pushed my blouse off my arms and I reached up to push his t-shirt off his perfectly muscled torso. He started by licking and sucking on each of nipples until I was whimpering like a lost puppy. Then he licked a line from my left breast straight down, licked right over my clit, dipped his tongue in my pussy, sat up and grinned like the Cheshire Cat. I climbed onto his lap kissed him deep and started to undo his belt buckle. Once I had his pants undone I rolled over so that he was on top and pushed his pants down. He stood up shoved them to the floor and froze. "Condom?"

"In my pants, there were some leftover in the last room I cleaned." 

He rummaged through my pants, pulled one out and slid it on. To be honest I'm glad he thought of it because I'm not on the pill right now, seeing as I'm haven't been getting any, and didn't even stop to think about contraception.

He was back on the bed in a flash playing with my nipples again. Realizing that I need to make this quick so I can get back to work I grabbed his thick, hard cock and pointed it straight at my opening. He took it from there, realizing that I required no foreplay, I needed sex and I needed it NOW.

He thrust in one slow motion until I felt his balls touch my ass. I was so full I nearly came right there. Then he started to pull out slowly and the sensations made my head spin. I pulled his face down and kissed him to keep myself from screaming too loudly. He continued his slow thrusts for a minute until I whispered "Fuck me fast, stranger." Then he started pounding into me with his huge cock and it was all I could do to not just scream. I was writhing in pleasure. 

"I don't know how much longer I can last." He said.

"Good, I want you to come with me and that's going to be soon." He smiled at my response.

"O God.....O God.....Yeah......Soon........I'm cumming...........Come on baby, let me feel your spunk fill that condom" 

And with that we both yelled "I'm cumming" at exactly the same moment. 

He pulled out and took the wasted condom off throwing it into the garbage bag on my cart which I had pulled into the room when I closed the door. I started to put my clothes back on and he said "Next time I'm in town, can I call you?"

"Only if we can do that again." I smiled and winked as I handed him my number. 

I hope he comes back again soon.... but I realized that I don't even know his name.