  This is my very first submission and I really do want to know what you think. Take just a second to rate it or to send me feedback. By the way, this was a real fantasy that came true!

It starts with you and me walking into a hotel nightclub out of town, so as not to be recognized. It's not a very large place, but decent sized for a hotel. It is darker than most hotel 'bars', so it really has the ambiance of a true nightclub; it even has a decent sound and light show. You are a little nervous because you've had time to think about what we are about to do, but we've talked about it so much, you know you can't back out now. Besides, the idea excites you and you feel a small tingle build between your thighs. I think you are a little surprised that I am going through with it.

I gaze at you as you walk just in front of me and marvel at how good you look. Your auburn hair cascades just across your shoulders. Your figure is amazing. What I can't see from behind is your beautiful face and those brilliant hazel eyes that always melt me. You originally protested, but I begged until you agreed to wear the outfit I laid out for you: that tight fitting plum sweater top and short black skirt with those awesome 3" heels which make you the perfect height, not to mention accentuate your already fabulous legs. I picked out a bra for you, but purposely left out panties. The skirt and heels really accentuate your shapely legs and awesome ass.

Wow, the club is packed tonight. You hold my hand as we work our way through the crowd to the bar. We had originally talked about dancing first to loosen up, but now you just wanted to do it before you lost your nerve. People are three-deep at the bar, so it takes a minute to work yourself up to it, your stomach pressing on it. I stand right behind you, still holding your hand. The crowd is loud and having a good time and is oblivious to us. I lean over your shoulder and whisper in your ear to order us drinks. As the bartender walks up, I let go of your hand and place it on the front of your thigh, causing you to jump a little. As you strain to hear the bartender and order, my hand slides around the outside of your leg behind you and between your thighs, touching your already damp lips. You hold on to your control while slightly spreading your thighs wider allowing me better access.

You push back into me a little, pressing against my fingers as I slide one, then two fingers inside you. I am getting so excited just feeling you and watching your subtle movements that mean nothing to anybody else. The drinks come (tequila shots) and you shoot your down quickly, lean your head back and say, "OK, do it before I change my mind." With that, I throw back my shot, move in as close to you as I can and unzip my fly, releasing my thick 6" cock. It effortlessly slides between your thighs and along your wet lips, lubing me up for what's about to happen. 

You tilt your ass back a little more and with your palm guide me into you. Since large movements would give us away, we start swaying to the music. To anybody watching, we are just grinding away like everyone else. Little do they know we are really making love right in front of them! My cock swells as we slowly push into each other, your excitement trickling down your thigh. You lean you head back again, turn to kiss me and whisper in my ear "Pump me one time good and hard and I will come!" I happily oblige you and shove my throbbing cock into you as deep as I can and hold it there. You become very rigid and I see you gripping the edge of the bar tightly and I know you are cumming. This is all too much or me and I explode inside you with a force I have never known.

We stand there for a long moment catching our breath and trying to look around casually to see if anybody noticed. After a minute, I slide out of you and quickly push it back in my pants. I know you need to clean up, and follow you towards the restroom. I can see a small trail of cum dripping down your thigh and that excites me all over again. As you get to the restroom door, I push you in and pull you into the first available stall. I sit down and flip up your skirt to see what I have done to you. Your shaved mound is so beautiful I just can't help myself. Starting on your thigh, I kiss and lick up your leg, cleaning you as I go till I reach those swollen lips of your sweet smelling pussy. I go to my knees and drive my tongue into you and suck deeply until you cum again, this time into my mouth. I drink in all of you, tasting us together. When you come back down from your orgasm, I rise and leave you to gather yourself. I'll be waiting at the bar... just in case you want to do something else next.