 Barry and Sarah met quite by accident on Literotica. What I mean is that neither was looking for cybersex. It started with a question Sarah asked and Barry answered. Things went pretty vanilla for a month or so and they gradually became friends and more. One thing leads to another and the cybersex was on at full speed ahead. They were texting several times a day, having mischievous talks, and masturbating together online. Pretty soon they were making plans to meet. 

Sarah was short at 4'10", 115 lbs, brown eyes, auburn hair, and very curvy. She had big breasts, a curvy ass, and in a word sexy.

Barry was tall at 6'4", 185 lbs, blue eyes, gray hair, and a bit on the thin side. In a word, he was a Swede.

We agreed to meet in Las Vegas. It seemed to be the city with the best deals for airfare prices. I chose a smaller out of the way place Hotel Barstow. Neither of us we're gamblers and we did have other things on our minds. The following weeks were filled with the anticipation of getting together. Our cybersex increased to 3 hours per day and when the time came for us to leave we were both ready.

We agreed to meet in the hotel lobby at 2 pm. I arrived an hour early (plane flight) and got a paperback from my bag and sat down to read my book. Around 1:45 I saw her coming up the steps. She was very attractive but was missing an arm, something she didn't mention. I greeted her with a hug and promptly told her it was okay. She had tears of joy knowing her secret was revealed.

"What do you think?" Sarah asked. "Do I meet your expectations, Barry?"

"And how Sarah," Barry replied

"And me Sarah?" Barry asked

"Beyond my wildest dreams Barry," she replied

"Want to go up to the room or get something to eat?" Barry asked

"The only thing I want to eat is you," Sarah winked sexily

Barry and Sarah waited patiently to be helped. Both were both excited and nervous as this has been planned for a month and the waiting was hard for both of them. While the process went quickly it seemed to take forever. Finally, they were in their simple room with a queen-size bed which they wasted little time using. The embrace was a slow long one with deep kissing, Barry fondling her big breasts and Sarah encouraging him by trying to take her bra off without much success.

Barry began kissing her on the ear lobes which caused Sarah to groan in pleasure. He continued the nibbling and Sarah reached behind her and undid her bra for Barry. Continuing with his neck kissing and at the same time reached under her blouse and loose bra, feeling her breasts for the first time. They felt like heaven to Barry. Firm yet soft. He could feel the nipples growing in his hand. Oh was he excited?

Barry unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it off her and then the loose bra. At the same time Sarah took off his shirt and they were then naked to the waist. They embraced and both were excited about feeling her naked breasts on Barry's chest. They flattened against his chest and he could feel the hardened nipples digging into him.

He leaned up to look and saw the nicest pair of breasts he had ever seen in his life. They were huge and firm with nipples aching to be sucked and that is exactly what Barry did hungrily. She had described them in their sexting but didn't do them justice Barry sucked on each one for a long time much to the pleasure of Sarah. She liked the attention they were getting. 

Barry took off his pants while Sarah stripped naked and Barry moved down to her pussy and began to suck and lick her using his tongue on her clit making her groan with pleasure. He loved her taste and wanted more as she seemed to be getting wetter for him. Barry wasn't done with the foreplay, not quite yet.

He mounted her and put his cock in her cleavage fucking her love mounds. It made his cock larger and harder for her pussy. She moaned at the pleasure she was giving him as he moved up and down on her breasts. When the head appeared from her large melons she would lick the tip taking the precum in her mouth. Barry loved the feeling of the breast flesh on his cock and would have loved to cum on them. But he knew what to do.

He turned her over and took her from the rear end she holding herself with one hand and the gripping onto her ass and plunging deep into her pussy. It was a wonderful feeling and Sarah began to stir. The harder he plunged the more she moaned in pleasure. 

"I'm coming, Barry. I'm coming," she screamed.

"Come for me Sarah," Barry cried 

Barry turned her over and began to fuck her beautiful breasts again. He only lasted a few thrusts and they both watched it spurt out of the cockhead and onto her neck pooling like a small puddle on her neck and chest. Both collapsed in exhaustion to the long-awaited fucking. They fell asleep in each other arms both happy with the outcome.

......................................................................................................

Hours later Sarah woke up. The cum had hardened on her neck, hard and crusty. She thought about a shower but wanted to fuck again. She wanted to fill her desire for Barry. Barry yawned and looked for Sarah who was standing nude next to the bed. She leaned over and kissed him. Barry grabbed one of her breasts and squeezed.

"Let's go out on the balcony and fuck. It will be romantic," she said.

"Whatever you want dear," he said

They went out onto the balcony, Barry sitting down first and Sarah straddled and sat down on his partially erect cock, her breasts in the face of Barry who did two things. He put his cock into her pussy sliding it in easily and he hungrily attacked her big breasts licking, sucking, and feeling the breast flesh. Her breasts looked huge on her small frame, no-sag, freckles, and beautiful brown areolae erect nipples waiting to be devoured which Barry did. Sarah squirmed at the breast's attention and pushed them harder onto his face.

Barry's cock grew as a result of the breast's attention and he slid it further into her sopping wet pussy and thrust it back and forth making her squirm even more.

"Fuck me, Barry, bite my nipples hard. Squeeze my breasts."

Barry was in heaven. He was fucking a hot babe. He had gorgeous breasts in his face, hard erect nipples in his mouth. He continued fucking her pussy, the juice now pooling on him and worked over her breasts. These were the best he had ever seen including porn titty fuck videos. They were so firm and large he couldn't keep his hands and mouth off of them.

"Fuck me harder. Fuck me. Fuck me. Bite me harder Barry. I'm a slut, your sex toy."

It was a little warm so beads of sweat formed on his chest and forehead and the tops of her breasts. He looked at her cleavage and squeezed the white flesh even more. He bit on one nipple then the other turning the nipple into hard pebbles. He was addicted to them.

Her pussy was so wet now that his cock slid in and out like a slippery slide. He loved to fuck her and she was not sure of herself. She was so hot! He pumped harder and harder and the oven of love got hotter and hotter. Sarah let out a scream and came over and over. Barry's cock exploded into her pussy with ropes and ropes of hot cum. It flowed out of her pussy onto Barry.

Sarah fingered the juice and licked it offering some to Barry also. They enjoyed their juices together. Barry let go of her breasts and nipple and sighed with pleasure. She was a good fuck and he wanted more He looked at the dry cum n her neck and smiled. Both were very happy.

............................................................................................................

It was shower time and both Barry and Sarah were excited to take one together. But first a drink. Barry had ordered a bottle of rum and fruit juice and made one for both of them. They sat naked making goo-goo eyes at each other Barry taking a look at her beautiful breasts and Sarah at his manhood. 

Could they be horny again?

The phone rang. Who could that be? No one knew that they were here. Must be the office calling about something. Barry picked the phone up and listened carefully.

" I live close to the balcony where you two made love. I've got quite an interesting video of you two. To get to the point I want your girlfriend or I turn it into amateur porn site Hamster for everyone to see. Pretty simple transaction. Think and I'll call you back in an hour ." click.

"What's the matter, Barry,?" Sarah asked.

"We were videotaped and blackmailed. He wants you or he turns the tape into a porn site."

"I can't believe he would want a one-armed person."

"Your hot Sarah. You've got a pair of breasts that drive men crazy."

"What do we do,?" she asked.

"Take a shower and think this thing through. He'll call back in an hour."

Barry downed the rest of his drink too quickly and went in and turned the shower on and adjusted the water to very warm. Sarah finished her drink and joined him in the shower to clean up after the lovemaking. The water felt good on their bodies and the soap even better for Barry as he soaped Sarah down completely. Of course, he spent extra time on her big breasts rubbing the flesh, pinching the nipples, cupping them in his hands, feeling the weight. He also spent time cleaning her pussy inside and out. The feeling of her clit aroused her yet again.

Sarah, of course, was limited in what she could do but her one arm with soap lathered up his cock and got a stir from him. She rubbed lovingly back and forth getting a hard-on. She went to her knees and took him in her mouth tasting his manhood as well as a little soap. She sucked on it like a pro sliding it in and out of her mouth as well as licking it with her tongue. 

Barry was ready to go again thanks to the mouth of Sarah and he was ready to fuck her again. She got up from the sucking and he rinsed her body off. He loved her breasts so much and he was so happy to rinse off her breasts and feel them swell in his hands. He got on his knees and gorged himself on her nipples and breasts, biting the nipples to erection with his front teeth, while kneading the white flesh like putty. They were soft yet firm in his hands and it took her breath away.

Sarah held her hand against the shower stall and Barry entered her from behind driving his cock deeply into her. She squealed in delight as he pumped in and out of her. His hard shaft felt delightful to her wet pussy and Barry was happy with the feeling of his cock sliding in and out. He gripped her beautiful ass and continued his assault on her pussy. She screamed with pleasure.

"Fuck me, Barry. Fuck me harder."

Barry increased his onslaught on her pussy and sped up his pumping which sent Sarah into a frenzy. She had an orgasm that made her shudder with enjoyment. She turned around, stuck her chest out.

"Cum on my titties. Let me feel that hot cum all over them," she said. 

Barry was ready to cum. He groaned and let out a load of cum all over her beautiful melons soaking them in semen from the tops to the nipples. He loved to watch the cum drip off the erect nipples. She was so hot looking now. The semen continued to drip off her breasts.

"You sure had a load, Barry. I'm drenched again. I sure like the fact you are in love with my titties."

"I sure do like them, a lot."

Sarah held her chest out while Barry washed them off with soap and his hands, taking special care to knead them again. He rinsed them off with the shower water and kissed them on the nipples.

They dressed and decided what to do about the caller. Barry quickly decided that Sarah having sex with him was out although Sarah offered to do it. Barry decided to call his bluff and let him do what he wanted with the video. Send it to whoever he wanted to.

A few minutes later there was a knock on the door. They answered the door and were greeted by a fat balding man. He smelled of beer and had not shaved in a few days.

"I'm Wade and I have something you want."

"I'm not giving my girlfriend to you," said Barry, "You can do what you want with the video."

"Okay if that's what you want," said Wade.

"That's what I want."

"She's a looker and will look good on Hamster," said Wade.

With that Wade turned around with the video card and left. Sarah and Barry looked at each other wondering if they did the right thing. Time would tell.