 I walk into my hotel suite after a night out with some friends. I take my jacket off, untuck and unbutton my shirt, and slip off my shoes. I grab a drink and a snack from the bar and sit down on the couch and turn the TV on.

I hear a voice coming from the bedroom saying "where the fuck have you been"? I get up from the couch and walk to the bedroom door. You're sitting on the bed with your back against the head board, your legs are straight out and crossed at the ankles. You're wearing nothing but a full-length black fishnet body stocking and a pair of 6" red patent leather stiletto fuck-me pumps that match your bright red fingernails and full lips. Your holding a glass of champagne and tell me that you've been waiting for me.

I walk over to the edge of the bed and take the drink from your hand. I drink it down in a gulp and set the empty glass on the night stand. I lean down to you and gently take your head into my hands and look into your eyes and tell you that I'm glad you came. I lean in and give you a long passionate kiss with our tongues playing with each other. My hand slowly works its way down to your beautiful full breasts as I caress them through the fishnet material. I feel your nipples getting hard gently pinching them as we continue to kiss as our passion grows. 

I pull away from your mouth and gently lick your nipple while pinching the other, then gently bite down and feel you gasp. I make your nipples wet with my saliva and trade off sucking on them harder and harder. I move back to your lips and we continue to kiss, our breathing is getting faster as we get hotter and hotter. I pull away from your mouth once again and grab the fishnet material tearing it apart to get at your beautiful breasts. I hungrily go after them licking and sucking them into my mouth as my tongue circles around your nipple and flicks across the tip.

I pull my hand away and slide it down between your legs and find the body stocking is crotchless. I gently brush against your pussy as I'm caressing your inner thighs and I move my mouth back to yours as our kissing gets more passionate. My hand finds your pussy and I tease you as I stroke you between your legs but on each side of your pussy until my finger finds your warm wetness. I slowly put my finger inside you and finger fuck your pussy as we kiss feeling your clit getting hard. I take my finger out of your wet pussy and rub it all over your lips before I put it into your mouth then pulling it out to taste you by licking your lips and kissing you deeply.

I let go of your mouth and move to the end of the bed, you spread your legs wide to show me your wet pussy through the open crotch of your lingerie. I grab your legs and kiss your toes through the peep at the front of your shoes, then kiss and suck the stiletto heel into my mouth, I love the way you look in those sexy shoes. I start to move towards your pussy by kissing your calves and the inside of your thighs then push your knees up to your chest and bury my head between your legs. Your pussy smells so good. I gently lick and tickle you between your asshole and pussy, you are so wet that the juice is running down your crack. I place my lips on your pussy and slowly part your lips with mine as my tongue moves inside you. I drag my tongue up through your pussy and over your clit, its gentile rough texture making you moan. I suck your lips into my mouth while fucking you with my tongue, you taste so good. 

I continue to lick and suck your pussy pulling your clit into my mouth as my tongue swirls around and around. I feel you start to flinch as I lick you over and over. Your body starts to buck as I lick harder and faster, your moans are getting louder as your breathing gets heavy. You whisper "don't stop, please don't stop" over and over as your body starts to tense. You arch your back reach down and grab my head and let out a long loud scream as you cum hard into my mouth. Your body is bucking and flinching as you hold my mouth to your wet warm pussy and I lick you not wanting to miss a drop. As your body slowly starts to relax I continue to lick and fuck you with my tongue until you pull my head away from your pussy and to your mouth for another long passionate kiss. You love the taste of your pussy just as much as I do and we share it with our kiss.

I feel your hand on my leg as you reach for my crotch rubbing my now hard cock through my pants. Your rubbing gets harder and you move to unbutton my pants. I reach down and pull off my pants as we continue our kiss and your hand moves back to my cock. You pull your mouth away from mine and look at my crotch while stroking me and see that I'm wearing a pair of white lace-trimmed satin panties. You look at me and smile and call me a panty wearing cum slut.

You pull my mouth to yours and kiss me deeply as you look into my eyes. I climb on the bed straddling you on my knees as I start to stroke and show you my satin and lace covered cock. I reach down and pull it out of the soft satin material just enough so my balls are still covered and you hungrily take me into your mouth. Your mouth is so warm and wet and you suck me so nice, it feels so good. I grab your head and slowly start to fuck your mouth while feeling your tongue licking the head of my cock as you gently caress my ass and balls through the satin panties. I'm getting harder and start to fuck your mouth faster and harder making you gag when I push too hard. I quickly pull it out to kiss you as I love the taste of my cock just as much as you do. I then pull away and grab and spread your legs and ram my cock inside your warm wet pussy. You gasp as I fuck you slow but hard and deep and pull my mouth to yours as I fuck your pussy. I start to fuck you harder and faster pushing your legs up and your knees to your chest. I look down as I love to see my cock going in and out of your wet pussy. 

You reach up and grab your breasts pinching your nipples and moan as I fuck you hard. Your hands then find your wet pussy and you rub your hard clit as we continue to fuck, then licking your wet fingers and rubbing your pussy juice on your breasts. I'm getting hotter and hotter and feel my cock start to tingle wanting to cum so I fuck you faster as your pussy clamps down on my cock. You reach down and feel me as I push into and bringing your wet fingers to my mouth rubbing our juices all over my lips and mouth. You know I love the taste of a well fucked pussy and sucking the juice off of your fingers as you shove them into my mouth makes me start to cum. I push into you as deep as I can as my cock starts to cum deep inside you, then quickly pull it out and stroke it coming all over your pussy. I rub my cock on your pussy spreading our cum all around until I get up to my knees and shove it into your waiting mouth. I slowly fuck your mouth as you suck and clean our juices from me until I start to get soft when I pull out of your mouth and kiss you again.