 I picture you staying in a nice mid level hotel here locally, maybe just stopping here on the way through to another destination. I am so excited as I get ready to see you, knowing that we will have the whole day together. My black skirt is long and lightweight, floating around my legs. I decided to skip the panties and the only other thing I am wearing is a tightly laced black satin corset with bright red cherries printed down the front. I clip a large red silk rose into my hair and slip into a pair of black leather peep toe stilettos.

The drive to your hotel is short and uneventful and the key card is waiting at the front desk when I arrive. I have added a black cropped jacket that makes the outfit a little more modest but I still get a little thrill wondering what the staff is thinking. Your room is on the third floor and When I step off the elevator I realize that it at the far end of the hall by the fire stairs.

You told me to use the key and just come on in so I do and the sound of the shower running tells me where you are. I debate for a moment whether to interrupt you but decide that I want you to come out and find me waiting. I shrug out of my jacket and quietly place it and my purse on a chair before curling my legs under me in the center of the big king bed. I take a moment to fluff my skirt and hair. The sound of the water stops and I can hear you moving the curtain back. Instantly wet, I lean forward a little to better display my big creamy breasts, already threatening to pop out of the tightly laced corset.

The door opens and you don't see me at first because you are drying your face with the towel. I bite my lip to silence a delighted gasp when I see that you didn't bother to put on any clothes before leaving the bathroom. You are even more impressive in person and I can't wait to touch and lick every thick inch of you. You drop the towel and your eyes sparkle to discover me curled up on your bed.

"Well, hi there." Your words are quiet and your normal jovial personality seems tempered by something dark and smouldering. "Come here." I shiver but obey instantly, thrilled at the commanding tone in your voice. My sexy heels bring my eyes in line with the bottom of your chin and when I tilt my face up expectantly, you chuckle and brush your lips across mine. One of your big hands tangles in my hair and the other wraps around my back, drawing me up against your strong body. I can feel the hard heat of you through the thin cotton of my skirt and a trickle of helpless moisture slicks my already dripping pussy.

Your lips crush down on mine harder now and a gentle stroke of your tongue parts my lips on a soft moan. You are an incredible kisser, never sloppy and leaving me wanting more. I pant faster as you kiss and nip down the column of my throat and across the plump tops of my breasts. Your tongue delves into the deep crease between them and makes me shiver. I feel your hands working behind my back and soon the corset is loosened and shoved down below my aching hard nipples. I am surprised when you tug it tight again.

"Put your hands behind your back." You growl as you lap one hard, rosy peak after the other. It feels so good I don't even question you and a delicious tendril of fear curls in my belly when you tie my wrists securely against my back with my corset laces. "Now down on your knees." You help me to kneel in front of you and stroke my cheek and hair, letting me take my time.

I lean forward eagerly, swirling my tongue around the broad head, tasting the pre-cum collecting there. The taste of you only seems to excite me even more so on a soft moan I lean forward farther sinking your cock deep into my eager mouth. You are so thick that I don't know how much I will be able to take but I relax my throat and let the head slip into my throat. I fight the gag reflex and pull back for a breath, my tongue swirling crazily against the underside of you, sweeping across all of your most sensitive places. Your hand on the back of my head pulls me forward again so you can sink deep into the heated wetness of my willing throat. I struggle a little to take you all in but a few strokes later, I feel my nose brush against the curls on your groin.

You groan quietly and tremble a little fighting for control. I suck harder and tighten my lips around your girth, trying to make your resolve crumble. I want to taste you and feel you spilling your cum down my throat. My eager little moans and whimpers vibrate around your shaft and I feel your cock jump and thicken even more just a moment before my mouth and throat is flooded with jet after jet of your hot seed. I can feel dampness trickle down my leg. It is such a turn on to make you lose control. Your still hard cock slips from my lips and I kiss and lick gently, swallowing your load and making sure you watch me lick up the little trickle still escaping you.

After a moment, you pull me to my feet and clutch me tight against you. Kissing my bare shoulders and the top of my exposed breasts. You are very calm now and your touch is gentle but you don't seem inclined to untie me. I feel my legs bump into the side of the mattress and one of your big calloused hands slips under the edge of my skirt, dragging it up until you cup the bare skin of my ass.

"Mmmmmm. No panties? Very naughty." Your whisper brushes across my ear and you slip your other hand under my skirt to knead and massage my plump ass cheeks. You lean forward, softly biting my neck until I am tipped off balance and tumble backward onto the bed. My big boobs jiggle invitingly and I giggle when you shove my thighs apart and flip my skirt out of your way. Giggles turn quickly to moans as you nip and lick my inner thighs. You avoid the one place I want you to touch most but drive me wild by getting closer and closer only to move away again.

I spread my thighs wide for you whimpering, needing you so badly, moving my hips restlessly. With my arms bound I can't guide your sweeping tongue to my weeping center and I moan helplessly. I am so close. All I need is your tongue on my clit to make me cum. Finally you lick hard from my asshole all the way to my throbbing clit and I squeal with the intense waves of my climax.

You move up my body and suck hard at my exposed nipples, slowly sinking your cock deep into my still clenching pussy. You are so thick I can hardly take you inside and I am so wet. Your lips find mine and you pinch and pluck at my tight, tingling nipples. You rock your hips forward to give me that last fraction of an inch and I know you are going to make me cum again. You bend me over nearly double and rest my stiletto clad feet on your broad shoulders. Your slow pace is intensely pleasurable and maddening at the same time.

One of your big hands strokes down my body and you increase the speed and force of your thrusts, finally giving me the hard fucking I am craving. You wet your fingers in the slick juices pouring from my desperately aroused pussy, sliding first one and then two thick fingers into my tight asshole. My back arches as you thrust your fingers and your big cock faster and harder. Suddenly my orgasm crashes over me in violent waves, almost painful in its intensity. My pussy clenches tightly and I can feel you throb inside me as you flood my insides with hot cum.

After a moment, our shuddering calms and you lower my legs to the bed with gentle hands. you collapse next to me and cuddle me close while you reach around me and untie my hands. I smile when you kiss the slight red marks on the pale skin of my wrists...