 I made a promise to a friend that my second submission would be both a true story, and one that involved voyeurism. While I've written a lot over the years, I'm finding the process of submitting to this site, knowing that hundreds of people will be able to read and provide comments intriguing. All of my writing in the past was directed to an individual, someone I had "shared time with" intimately. Taking one story and sharing it with the world forced me to think about a lot of different adventures I've had over the years. Some certainly more memorable than others. All share some of the same elements - secrecy, taboo, risk, adrenaline rush, sexual high. I like to tell the background, and share the context, so this requires some time spent setting up. Please save the editing comments on my switching perspective, it's how I tell the story. For those only interested in the sex, skip down to about the 7th paragraph. Thanks for reading...



To most casual observers, I'm a gregarious extrovert who is comfortable in a room full of people, and will often chat with a stranger in line at Starbuck's. I hold the door open for others, offer to help a friend in need, and look for ways to help others achieve their goals. On somewhat rare occasions, I happen across a rare soul whose passion runs deep, bubbling just under the surface, seeping out and evident to another who is looking for it. You know when those connections are made. You feel the chemistry deep within, no matter how safe or innocent the conversation. The radar just goes off, and you see this new person in an entirely different light. This is a fellow traveler on the journey of sexual exploration and freedom...

I had my suspicions about Andrea (real name changed of course) early on. She just put out that subtle vibe, and for my part I was steering clear. I've long had a rule about not crossing the line at the office, where things could get easily confusing. Of course, I'd broken it before, and as it turns out, I would again. Andrea is a knockout 5'8" tall, long natural blonde hair, radiant blue eyes, incredible smile, full breasts, and great curves. Yes, my second thought was she is out of my league, but hey everyone loves a challenge. We weren't peers at the office, but our paths still crossed often enough to have friendly banter. 

I'll always remember the time you stopped me in the hall and asked if I'd ever traveled out of the US. I still remember looking around and realizing we were alone. Interesting. "Yes, I've been on a number of trips, and love to travel. Where are you thinking of going?" "Amsterdam," she says with a smile. The twinkle in my eye and quick smile do little to hide my obvious enjoyment of memories of my time spent there, and a knowing smile passes between us as we realize a line was just crossed. "Oh yes, I've spent some time in Amsterdam. What would you like to know?" I won't bore you with the details, but we talked about the architecture, history, culture, the cafes, and yes the Red Light district. During the course of the brief conversation, Andrea shares that she's not shy or inhibited, and never minds going with a group of friends to a strip club. It was all somewhat innocent, but it left a lasting impression, and I could tell we were both thinking of each other differently now.

Fast forward about six months, where still no lines have been crossed, but I certainly have found that I'll take the long route to get coffee from time to time! Turns out we ended up on a business trip together, imagine that. A season of flirting may lead to something here and now. As we meet a group of friends in the bar, and you mention Vodka really gets you crazy, it's no surprise I quickly order us both a round, then a second, and then a third.

We manage to keep our flirting to a mostly discrete level to our colleagues, but there's a chemistry between us, and there's no doubt where our final destination is going to be tonight. I am surprised when another friend suggests we all hit a local strip club. I'm more pleasantly surprised at the number of fellow coworkers that all rally around the idea, men and women. I'll do another little fast forward here, as the club was great. A large crowd with great dancers. Some natural beauties, others surgically enhanced, all crowd pleasing. You weren't shy about tipping at the stage, but at this point in the night, everyone accepted the challenge. 

Thankfully on the car ride home you end up in my lap and I'm near the door so my hand is hidden and moves up under your shirt to your back. You give me just a wiggle of encouragement as my fingers dance gently along your lower back and just inside the waste line of your pants. The conversation in the jammed car is hilarious and loud, providing great cover as I smile tracing the outline of your thong. I'm just a mere mortal, so I don't even pretend to hide it when I start to grow aroused and feel my cock hardening in my jeans. You shift subtly with the movement of the car, relieving the pressure but increasing the contact. My free hand alternately squeezing your hip and running along your outer thigh and then along underneath back up to your ass. Your using all of the turns in the road to bounce just enough and grind discretely, and our engagement in the conversation is a perfect mask to the feel of your ass pressed against my hard cock.

As the hotel approaches, I'm increasingly conscious of how aroused I am, and you only grind back harder into me when you can. You're not going to make this easy on me. Thankfully when we park and you slide out first, I have enough time to exit the car and try to hide the bulge in my jeans. Untucking my shirt helps quite a bit. You give me a questioning look when I pass on the public discussion of a late night pool run. I tell the crowd, I've got an early start tomorrow and make my apologies. You manage to work in you're heading up to for a quick change and will meet the others back at the pool.

Without your cell and not risking to make a call to the room, I send a simple one line email to your phone, which I've noticed you checking throughout the night "fitness center - 10 minutes." It's torture waiting for the reply, but I'm already changed and headed down when I receive your reply "on the way"

I love a good hotel fitness center, lots of mirrors & windows, rarely used in the middle of the night, but open 24 hours. Perfect for what I have in mind. I make it inside a couple of minutes before you arrive and ensure it will work for what I have planned. Just enough room around the corner, with an entrance to the locker rooms to slip away if someone enters, but plenty of room to play before they do. On the other side of the one-way glass the pool is only about 50 yards away, and a few people are already sitting around having another cocktail.

I'm walking back around the corner as you enter, and our eyes meet, rushing to each other for a passionate, hard kiss. The teasing and anticipation of the moment serving to heighten our senses and increase our urgency. Frantically kissing and exploring with our hands until I break our kiss and pull you back around the corner. You look around once at the one way windows, mirrors, and glance at the locker room doors, and simply say "Perfect" when you're survey is complete. Walking back to me without pretense, you drop immediately to your knees and work my throbbing cock out of gym shorts, telling me you've been wanting to suck this all night before you begin to devour my cock. Your hands on my ass, stomach, thighs, reaching up to cup my balls, and guiding my hands to your head. I cry out "fuck" The pleasure of watching you bob up and down, stopping to look up at me while you run your tongue along my cock almost sends me over the top right then. A small crowd is now gathered at the pool, and I know our time is limited. Someone could walk in here any second. I pull back roughly and stand you up, trapping your wrist and pulling you to me for a hard kiss. 

"We don't have much time" I tell you looking to the one-way window as I move in to kiss you hard again, my hands pulling your shorts off to expose your bikini bottoms, exploring the wetness of your pussy and feeling the firmness of your clit. Your hips move quickly with my fingers as I thrust first one and then a second into you. Moving them together in and out, while your legs part to open yourself to me. My lips moving to your neck and ear. The sound of my fingers sliding in and out of your wet pussy begins to fill the gym. My free hand reaching up to grasp your throat while I kiss you hard, applying just a hint of pressure and you hiss "Yesssss"

Turning you around, you put one leg up on the weight bench and lean into the barbell resting across it for support while I position myself behind you. The thrill of being so close to so many intoxicating, as your back arches to me, searching for the physical contact you need, your left hand cupping the back of my head as I stand behind you. My cock nestled between your legs, pulsing with desire. My right hand moving up to squeeze, cup and tease your breasts and nipples, untying your bikini top until your breasts are free. We're facing the pool and know only the one-way glass separates us from all of our coworkers lounging by the pool. I kiss your neck and you reach back to guide me into your pussy as our hips find a rhythm, working together. We're under no illusion of what we each want, and we fuck hard, with abandon to our settings and situation. My hands squeezing your hips as I stare down at your lovely ass, seeing my cock work rhythmically in and out of your pussy. The sound of my thighs smacking against your ass mixes with our ragged breathing. My right hand moving up your back to your shoulder for support while we fuck hard and fast. You can feel me swelling inside and I love that you reach down to stimulate your clit, working to climax with me. Cum with me Andrea. Cum with me baby. Our bodies tensing up, muscles tightening with each deep thrust. My hips lock forward as I bury myself deep within you, reaching around with my right hand to pull you close, my hands across your breasts as my cock explodes within you, pulsing my cum deep into you as I cry out "YES"

The arousal so intense and complete that I'm actually still hard inside you as your hips slowly grind back against me. My head spinning and sparks shooting as my sensitive head slides slowly in and out of your tight, contracting pussy. God that feels good. You turn so we can kiss while still moving together. I'm in room 1504 and will leave a key for you at the front desk - don't stay at the party out there too long baby...

That night started a series of crazy semi-public adventures, and more than one escapade at the office in a conference room. Hope you enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed reliving the experience by telling it!