 Her tits were way too big for such a slender body. It was the first thing I noticed about her -- that and her curly red hair. Within seconds of meeting her I felt my cock jolt with anticipation. The bored housewife from Talahassee had first met me online a few weeks ago. We'd bantered around for a bit, but once she had me figured for a straight-up dude she hit me with her proposal.

"Meet me at the Harcome Hotel. Suite 301. I'll be waiting."

And so she was. There was a bottle of something sitting on ice and I could see she'd already downed half of it -- Dutch courage. Her eyes were glazed but full of mischief as she beckoned me over the threshold. I didn't bother with hellos -- our time was limited, so I got straight down to it and slipped my tongue into her horny mouth. She groaned, and her greedy hand skipped down to my throbbing cock which she gave a hard and delightful squeeze.

"Ooh, someone's a big boy."

"It's all for you, baby. You still want me in your pussy?"

"Anywhere and everywhere, just like we discussed."

To match her directness I slipped my hand up her skirt. No panties, just as she'd promised. Fuck it - there was nothing but soft, bare skin down there. And she was dripping wet -- so I slipped two fingers straight into that sweet chasm which elicited yet another sigh. This mother wanted it and badly.

Up and over went the dress, leaving her naked all but for a pair of white, lacy stockings. And those fucking porn star tits. I spin her around toward the mirror, my large hands kneading them like bread dough while my penis strained against my boxers, aching for release. She arched back into me, grinding that fine booteh against my solid member. 

Enough foreplay! I push her on the bed, needing to pay closer homage to those fat little nipples now erect with excitement, sticking out like a pair of thumbs, begging to be twiddled and sucked. My gentle caresses resulted in little more than a soft, "oh," so I sucked harder until she cried out in delight. 

The wanton little vixen wrapped her legs tight around me, smearing my pants with her flowing juices. I ripped off my shirt as best I could, kicked off my shoes and stood up to remove everything else. She was spread before me on the bed -- her tidy little body writhing seductively like the dirty she-devil that she was. Her hot cunt was open, revealing a fleshy labia that I simply had to nibble on. Down I went into that heated chasm, my tongue licking her well-lubed slit, and chewing on the hood while she moaned like a sex-hungry harlot.

She screamed in climax and I grinned, conscious of the sticky wetness on my stubble as I climbed up her body, pausing only to revisit those fabulous tits that really had no business being in nature. I wanted to fuck them with my cock so I cupped the twin moons and thrust my hungry prick inside the chasm between them. The horny house-slut clasped my hands, her ravenous eyes on the head of my purple dick as her glorious orbs enveloped my skin.

Two tiny hands urged me upward to her lips. Grabbing the shaft, she clamped onto the end of my penis, sucking it so hard it was all I could do not to cum in her mouth there and then. Her hands were on my balls as she tried to take all of me inside her. I lingered there as long as I could while that tongue flickered about the tip of my dick as it worked its magic.

When I could take no more I pulled away, sliding back down her body and thrusting hard against her insatiable slit. She gave way at once, and her warm cunt enveloped me like a second mouth, sucking me into her soul. I pushed up her legs so I could watch my old man slide in and out of her - that wet pussy coating my shaft with girl cum.

She had told me to fuck her every which way possible so I pulled out and flipped her over onto her belly. The dirty bitch had pre-lubed her ass so I slipped a couple of fingers into her starfish, exploring the possibilities before forcing my girthy member inside that pleasure hole as well. She cried, but she didn't pull away, instead she pushed back against my belly, letting my cock slip all the way inside. Fucking beautiful whore -- she had the tightest backdoor my dick ever plundered. My well-lubed member slid in and out of that tight orifice, milking me to the point of delirium. She said she'd never been fucked in the butt before and was desperate to try it. What a waste! And who was I do deny her fantasy?

I fucked her hard now -- somewhere inside, my brain registered that the walls were thin and that we might be overheard -- this one was a screamer - but right now I didn't give a shit. I wouldn't be able to hold back much longer -- I was going to pump her full of cum any moment now.

"Where do you want it, baby? Do you want my cock milk in your ass or in your pussy?"

"In my ass," she begged, breathless. 

I continued to ram my dick in that hot butt as fast as I could, holding and grinding her hips while reveling in the sound of my skin, cock and balls slapping against her milky-white cheeks.

"I'm fucking cumming!"

My jizz pulsed through me like steam through an engine until at last we fell down together on the bed, my dick still inside her generous ass.

"That was just what we wanted," she said, as she wriggled out from under me. I was still conscious of those perfect tits now hovering inches from my head. Too spent to appreciate them, I turned my face away from the pillow and flipped over on my back, letting my happy cock rest languidly on the side of my thigh.

'We?"

She pulled the dress over her head, her curly red hair falling in tresses around her face. "Sure. You were wonderful baby. We should do this again sometime, okay?"

Then the slatted door to the wardrobe opened, and a tall, dude stepped out from inside. As he did so he shoved a thick, wet cock back in his pants. While I looked on astonished he kissed her forehead and put a large hand on her voluptuous ass. Then she and her husband bid me adieu.