 Sue was on her knees, naked except for stockings. The fingers of her left hand gently tweaked her erect nipple, while the middle finger of her right hand quickly fucked her dripping wet pussy. Tim's cock slid in and out of Sue's hot sucking mouth. "God damn baby," Tim gasped, " you're the best cock sucker that I ever had. Take my cock deep. I'm going to cum soon, I want to cum in your mouth."

Removing his cock out of her mouth for a moment Sue panted, "Yea baby I want you to cum in my mouth. I want to swallow your sweet cum." She had never let any of her boyfriends shoot in her mouth before; yet here she was, telling a man that she only met a couple of hours ago that she not only wanted him to cum in her mouth, but she wanted to swallow it. She felt Tim's cock swell in her mouth. Sue knew that he was about to cum. To her utter amazement, Sue was excited not revolted by the thought of eating Tim's seed. She wanted, no needed to know how his semen tasted.

"Oh baby, suck me baby. Tim moaned. I'm there, I'm cumming. Goddamn, suck me dry." Tim's cock jerked, and began to shoot his thick hot jizz into Sue's hungry sucking mouth. Sue sucked and swallowed the first couple of squirts, completely enjoying the sharp, salty taste. Then a dirty idea flashed through her thoroughly horny mind. Sue held the remaining shots in her mouth. After Tim finished cumming and removed his cock from her mouth, Sue leaned her head back, open her mouth, showed Tim his cum pooled in her mouth. She swirled her tongue in the viscous white fluid, then closing here mouth, she swallowed visibly. 

"That was truly hot," Tim gasped, still breathing heavily from his orgasm, "now it's your turn." 

He gently lifted Sue to her feet, kissed her, and led her to the bed. Once in bed Tim and Sue began to kiss passionately, tongues intertwined, hands gently stroking. Sue's hand caressed his back, working her way down to his ass, and around front to grip his already hardening cock. Tim's hand had quickly found Sue's soft, firm tits. With thumb and forefinger Tim massaged Sue's erect nipple. Her tits were small, but they were incredibly sensitive. Sue moaned into Tim's mouth. Taking his mouth from Sue's, Tim began to kiss his way down her neck towards her heaving tits and swollen nipples. As Tim's tongue swirled around her hard, half inch long nipples; his hand made its way toward Sue's passion swollen labia. As soon as Sue felt Tim's finger touch the outer lips of her pussy, she thrust forward driving his finger all the way into her. "Oh God Tim," Sue almost shouted in her passion, "suck my tits baby, finger fuck my hot pussy. Finger me faster Tim, I'm almost ready to cum."

Tim released her tit from his hot sucking lips, and finger fuck Sue as fast as he could. "Cum for me Suzy," Tim ordered, "squirt you girl-cum all over my hand." 

With her back arched ass held high, Sue was trying to impale herself on Tim's deeply fucking finger as wave after wave of ever increasing pleasure washed over her. "I'm cumming Tim, I'm cumming," Sue was really screaming now. Tim could feel her cunt muscles contracting as Sue's orgasm reached it's peak. When Sue's orgasm finally subsided, she wanted a softer kind of touch to ease her down. "Kiss me darling," she said with a satisfied smile.

Tim withdrew his finger from Sue's steamy cunt; and began to move his finger back and forth between her sopping wet pussy and her tight puckered ass hole. He was using her pussy juice to lubricate her nether hole. 

Sue wasn't sure if she liked the idea of something in her ass, but as Tim's finger penetrated deeper her fears ebbed and her passion re-ignited. "That's nice Tim," Sue breathed, "I like it when you fuck my ass with your finger." 

"Let's see if I can make you cum by fucking your ass with my finger," Tim said. Shifting position slightly Tim began kissing Sue around and below her navel. "Is there somewhere else that you might like me to kiss?" Tim asked with leer.

"Yes Tim, yes," pleaded Sue, "kiss my clit, suck my pussy, fuck me with your tongue."

Licking his way down to the seat of Sue's passion, Tim's tongue found the hard bud that was Sue's clit. Tim flicked his tongue across her love button a couple of times, causing Sue to shudder and moan with pleasure. "Timmy that's wonderful," Sue intoned, her voice low and husky with her building passion, "suck my clit, make me cum again." Sucking her clit into his mouth, Tim gently grazed it with his teeth. At the same time his finger was swiftly fucking her tight ass hole. Sue's was pushing her pussy into Tim's hot sucking mouth. Her ass was lifting off of the bed as her orgasm reached the boiling point. Sue grabbed a pillow and covered her face as she screamed out the most powerful orgasm of her life. 

"OH MY GOD TIM, I'M CUMMING, GOD I'M CUMMING SO HARD!!!" Sue's voice, somewhat muffled by the pillow, was still almost a shriek. Sue continued to moan for several seconds as Tim removed his finger from her ass and eased his mouth off of her love button. 

"I guess you kind of liked that?" Tim asked playfully. 

"No one has ever made me cum like that," Sue panted, still out of breath.

"I've just gotten started," Tim returned, "and you've only just begun to cum." With that Tim dove between her still spread legs, opened her pussy lips with his fingers, and fucked his tongue into her steamy box as far and as fast as he could. Almost instantly Sue began writhing with pleasure, her breathing becoming faster and faster.

"Jesus Christ Tim," cried Sue, hoarse with passion, "what are you doing to me? I'm going to cum again. Eat me baby," Sue begged, " fuck my hot pussy with your wonderful tongue." Tim could feel the muscles of her pussy contract, Sue thrust forward trying to get as much of Tim's tongue into the throbbing, turbid, target that was her pleasure center. "Oh, oh Tim, oh I'm cumming again Timmy," screamed Sue, as wave after wave of intense pleasure washed over her, "oh God, I'm cumming so hard again." As her orgasm ebbed, Sue begged, "Stop please, I can't take anymore."

Changing positions again Tim asked with a grin, "Are you ready for me to replace my tongue with something longer and harder?" But before a wide eyed Sue could even answer, he had thrust his hard cock to the hilt into her tight, dripping wet, incredibly hot pussy. 

"Fuck me," Sue gasped with a combination of surprise and ecstasy, "fuck me like I never been fucked before."

"Christ," exclaimed Tim, "you have the tightest pussy I have ever fucked."

Tim leaned forward to kiss Sue. She responded by pulling his whole weight down upon her, and wrapping her arms around his neck and crossing her ankles over his ass. The impassioned pair thrust at each other for all they were worth. After several moments of intense fucking, mouths still locked together, Sue moaned out yet another orgasm.

Tim responded to Sue's thrust and hold, by stopping his own jabs. When Sue's spasms waned, Tim broke their kiss and asked, "Would you like to get on top?"

"Do you mean it?" an eager Sue returned.

"You better believe it," Tim said. Even as he spoke he was lifting Sue and turning them both without pulling his hard cock out of her sopping love tunnel. "I want to see your pretty little titties above me," Tim went on, "and I want to watch your beautiful pussy devour my hard cock as we fuck."

"Do you really think I have nice tits?" Sue breathed, as squeezed her sensitive mounds.

"I think you have two of the prettiest titties that I have ever seen," was Tim's honest response, "and I love watching you feel yourself up while we fuck." Removing her hands from her heaving chest, Sue leaned forward, "Suck my titties while I ride your hard pole," Sue demanded. "I love the feel of your big, hard, throbbing cock buried deep in my pussy," whispered Sue, as she repeatedly lifted herself up and nearly off of Tim's cock, only to slam herself down hard, fully impaling herself on Tim's up-thrusting love muscle.

Releasing her lust swollen nipples from his hot sucking mouth Tim lay back down. "Ride my cock baby," Tim grunted, his words almost an animal growl, "fuck yourself on my hard pole, I'm gonna cum soon."

Picking up the speed of her thrusts Sue cried, " I'm cumming now." Leaning all the way forward Sue locked her mouth onto Tim's as she moaned and shuddered in orgasmic pleasure. 

Her orgasm ended, Sue got off of Tim. Got on all fours next to him and said wantonly, "I want you to fuck me doggy style." As Tim got into position behind her, and shoved his blood engorged cock deep into her lust soaked fuck hole Sue cried out, "fuck me, fuck hard, fuck me like a bitch in heat."

Pounding his hard rod into her pulsating pussy as hard and as fast as he could, Tim yelled out, "I'm cumming, can't wait any longer. Yea, here it comes baby."

"Yes Timmy, yes," wailed Sue as she felt his scalding hot semen shoot again and again into her well fucked love tunnel, "fill me with your hot cum. Send your seed all the way to my womb. Yes, oh God yes, I'm cumming too." 

Tim pressed forward, firing his full load deep inside her inner most chamber. His arms wrapped around her tiny waist, hands holding her small breasts. As he pulled her back to him she raised herself up and pushed back against him. Locked in their embrace, the couple came together as they shared a powerful mutual orgasm. For fleeting seconds that seemed like a blissful eternity they held together, finally the two lovers collapsed together on the bed. 

Exhausted but happy, Sue lay in Tim's arms marveling at how a woman who had never fucked on a second, much less first date, found herself having intense, thoroughly satisfying sex with a man she met only a couple of hours ago. Her mind wandered back to when she first saw Tim...

Sue Henson was sitting at the right hand corner of the hotel bar when Tim Nickles walked in. She was a local professional woman who worked near the hotel. Since it was Friday, Sue decide to stop in for a couple of drinks before going home to an empty apartment. Sue was vaguely aware that the hotel had a reputation, but she thought of the place as a neighborhood bar.

Tim was a visiting businessman who decided to start his last evening in town at the hotel bar. He had heard that the bar was the occasional pick up spot for the best, most expensive, and least obvious working girls in town. Tim had been told that the hookers who worked out of the hotel bar dressed very conservatively. Just to look at them, he was informed, you would think that they were business or professional women. That they usually sat alone at the right hand corner of the bar was the only other clue that he had been given. Tim had never hired a prostitute before, but tonight, he thought, might be the right time.

As he approached the bar Tim realized where Sue was sitting. She was dressed as a business woman. Sue was wearing a matching jacket, and knee length skirt. Under the jacket she wore a plain white blouse. 

Tim chose a seat in the middle of the bar. Sat down and ordered his drink. After taking a couple of sips from his drink, Tim called the bartender over and asked him to offer the young lady at the corner of the bar a drink. When Sue accepted, Tim walked over and stood next to her.

"Hi," Tim said with a smile as he offered his hand, "I'm Tim. You look like you could use some company."

Sue shook his extended hand. "You're right," she smiled back at him, "I could use someone to talk to. My name is Sue." 

Sitting down next to Sue Tim began, "I have never done this kind of business before; so I guess I should start with finding out how much for the whole night?"

It took a second or two for Sue to realize just what Tim was asking, but with that understanding came the memory of where not to sit if she was alone here. Sue was not angry. She considered Tim's proposition to be an honest mistake. At first Sue intended to tell Tim that he had made an error, that she was not a prostitute; but then another thought occurred to her. Why not have some fun with this idea. 

"Well," started Sue, "I don't usually do all-nighters, but for fifteen hundred I might be persuaded." She was sure that with a price like that Tim would back down.

Tim had no intention of changing his mind. He thought Sue was very beautiful, incredibly sexy, and yet had an air of innocence that made her even more desirable. "Sounds like a good deal to me," Tim said with a smile, "of course for that price I expect that you will do whatever I want. I am not," he continued, "into pain or bondage, so you should feel perfectly safe."

To her utter surprise, Tim excepted her offer. Sue could not believe how turned on she was by the idea of selling her body to this stranger. She had never even considered sleeping with a man on a first, or even second date before. Yet here she was, getting ready to have sex with a man she just met, and for money no less. Leaning over, and rubbing her small tits against Tim's arm Sue whispered, "So when do we get started."

"I'm starved," Tim said with chuckle, "so the first thing we are going to do is get some supper."

"Sounds wonderful," replied Sue as she took Tim's arm, "I haven't eaten since this morning. Where are we going?"

"The hotel has a great restaurant," Tim informed her," and this lounge has live music that will start in about an hour, so we don't need to go anywhere." 

The hotel restaurant suited Sue just fine. Although the bar's reputation was less than perfect, the restaurant was considered one the best in town. Should anyone she knew see her, she thought, they would simply think she was out on a date.

The couple entered the restaurant and asked for a quiet table for two. As they were being seated, Sue took her jacket off. Tim could clearly see Sue's white lacy bra through the thin material of her white blouse. Thinking that this would be a good time to get things started, Tim leaned forward, and speaking quietly, said, "I want you to go into the bathroom, and take off your bra, panties, pantyhose, and any other undergarments that you are wearing."

"But Tim, " a startled Sue responded, "this blouse is so thin that if I take my bra off, you will, I mean, um."

"You mean," Tim interrupted with a lascivious grin, "that everyone will be able to see your tits? That is exactly what I want." Wondering why a hooker would care about someone seeing her tits, Tim went on, "Is there a problem with my request?"

Even as a part of her mind was balking at Tim's plan, another part was getting even more turned on by the idea. "No, no problem at all," Sue smiled back at him, "you just caught me by surprise. I'll be happy to take off my underwear. Just one question though," she continued, "I'm wearing thigh highs, not pantyhose, do you want me to take them off too?"

"Thigh highs are sexy," grinned Tim, "they can stay. However, you won't be wearing your jacket anymore tonight."

"I know," this time it was Sue's turn to grin, "if I'm going to show off my tits, then wearing the jacket would be silly."

Just then waitress arrived and took their order. As soon as the server left, Sue rose to her feet and said, "If you will excuse me for a moment, I am going to the ladies room."

Once in the ladies room, Sue entered an empty stall, turned, closed and locked the door behind her. She then lifted her skirt reached up and pulled her white cotton bikini panties down around her knees. Another quick movement took the panties down over her shoes, off and into her handbag. A moment later her bra followed. Having completed the main reason for being there, Sue did her second. She peed. Wiping herself with a piece of bath tissue after peeing had always been just a necessary chore, but not this time. Because she was already so turned on, the simple act of wiping herself made her shudder with pleasure. Deciding to take further advantage of the situation, Sue dropped the soiled tissue into the bowl; and began to gently massage her clit. Within seconds she was dripping wet. Slipping a finger inside here steamy hot pussy, Sue finger fucked herself to a fast silent orgasm. Thinking that she had been gone long enough; Sue composed herself, grabbed her purse, and left the stall.

A quick stop at the mirror to check her hair and make-up showed Sue just how see-through her top really was. Her silver dollar sized dark aureoles were plainly visible. Even more obvious were her nipples. Fully erect due to her excitement, they were almost a half inch long. Sue paused a moment, not sure if she could go out in public like that.

Lost in thought, Sue had not heard the other woman walk up next to her. "God," the stranger uttered, "I wish I had your courage."

"What do you mean?" asked a startled Sue, glancing at the intruder. 

"I'd never be brave enough to wear a top like that without a bra," the woman answered. "Maybe," she continued, "I could if I had breasts as beautiful as yours."

"Beautiful?" surprised, Sue looked at herself in the mirror again. She had always considered herself to be reasonably attractive, but she had never been happy with her tiny breasts. "Beautiful?" She asked again, " you think my tiny little A-cuppers are beautiful?"

"Oh yes," the woman replied with evident feeling, "I'd trade my C's for your A's any time. 

"But why?" an astounded Sue inquired, "all men love big boobs, and you fill out clothes so much better."

"You might be right about the clothes," the stranger chuckled, "but not all men are into big ones. As for the ones that are, the only way you could get them to look you in the eye would be to put eyes where your nipples are."

When she stopped laughing, Sue smiled brightly at her new friend and said, "Maybe you"re right. Let's see if he likes theses." Shoulders back, head high, chest out, Sue walked proudly out of the washroom and back to her table.

...

Tim's strong hand had been gently caressing her tits as she reflected on the night's beginnings. The pair had been spooned together with Sue in front. Now Tim's touches became more intense, and he began kissing and nibbling on Sue's neck and earlobe.

My God, she thought, as Sue felt Tim's cock growing and hardening against her ass; he wants to fuck again. She had never before done it more then once in a night. With a mixture of surprise and anticipation, Sue responded by grinding her ass against Tim's throbbing member.

"I see your not ready to quit yet," Sue purred, her pussy already becoming wet and ready.

"Not at all Sweet Cheeks," Tim replied, "but let's start with a shower. It will invigorate us for round two."

"You're the boss," Sue affirmed, "a shower sounds heavenly."

The two lovers entered the bathroom. Sue, seeing the toilet said, "I've got to pee, why don't you adjust the water." Sue slid her stocking off, and sat down to pee.

"Do you like water sports?" Tim asked as he watched Sue peeing.

Realizing that Tim was not talking about lakes, rivers, or the shower, Sue answered truthfully, "I've never tried. I'm not sure if I'd like it." 

"Never mind," Tim said, turning back to the water, "if we ever get together again we can talk about it then. Waters ready when you are."

As she got up and stepped towards the shower, Sue replied, "I'm coming."

"Not yet you're not," Tim returned with a chuckle, "but you soon will be."

As Sue entered the shower, Tim pulled her to him. Under the soothing spray of warm water the couple's lips met, parted, and their tongues touched, and danced together as their mutual lust began to build anew. 

"I'll wash you first," Tim suggested as he picked up the soap, " turn around so I can start with you back."

Tim's soapy caress was better then any massage Sue had ever received. He washed her whole back, arms, neck, and ass cheeks before he moved around to her front. His large hands completely covered Sue's small tits. Soapy fingers repeatedly brushed over pebble hard nipples. Reaching behind her, Sue grabbed Tim's already hard cock, and slid it between her legs. The head of Tim's manhood rubbed against Sue's nether lips as he dropped one hand to soap her cunt hair and clit. Hips grinding into hips, soap slicked hand caressing blood engorged flesh soon took Sue over the edge.
