 I get up and move to the bathroom. Wondering what I did to get this guy. Holy shit. I will definitely be walking funny after three days of this. Moving into the bathroom, is like walking into a roman bath of old. The tub looks like it can hold a half a dozen people. On closer inspection, it's a Jacuzzi tub. A separate shower, toilet, giant mirror viewing the entire room.

I make it over to the tub and see candles and oils around the edge. So he was really hoping to get lucky. Well, let's just help him with that. I start filling the tub, with really hot water. I walk back into the other room. He is sitting on the couch, reclined back.

'Uh, I think you should join me in the bathroom.' He opens one eye and looks up at me, then reaches and strokes my pussy.

'Come on.' As I pull him up off the couch. I grasp his cock and make him follow me as I stroke and caress it. He pushes me up against the nearest wall and devours my nipple. As I arch and hold his head there. Producing more juices to flow, instantly. He looks up realizing he hears water running.

'Any matches? I want to light the candles.' He steps back and goes to the table to bring them to me. I walk in and turn off the water and add some oils. Then light the candles. As he moves into the bathroom he shuts off the lights. The glow is amazing off the tiles and mirror. I turn around and step slowly backwards, rubbing my chest with some oil. I step back into the tub. He moves quickly to help me in as he too, enters the tub.

Slowly I sink down into the hot water, moving my hands down his body to his cock. I lightly brush my lips across it, pulling him into the water. I lean back and proceed to draw him back against my chest. 

'Lean back into me and relax.' I murmur into his ear. He reclines back and I wrap my legs around his thighs. I use some oil and start rubbing his chest. Slowly feeling him relax further into me. I caress and begin kissing down his neck and nibbling on his ears. Not saying a word. Lulling him, so I can fuck the shit out of him.

Moving my feet up I place them on each side of his cock. Bringing my feet together, he starts rubbing his cock up and down on my feet. Moaning with the pleasure, he's creating, I continue to rub his chest and shoulders, kissing along the way.

After I feel his cock get good and hard, I push him forward and grab a towel for the side of the tub. I turn and spread my legs, letting my pussy invite his cock.

'Mmmm, looks like my pussy is all wet again, what will you do to it?' I look back at him over my shoulder, wiggling my ass. He grabs onto my hips and impales me quickly with his cock. I gasp at the sudden move. He leans forward and caresses my tits, back and ass, then back all over again. As I move onto his cock and swivel around as he pushes it even deeper into me.

With my ass up against him, he cups water and lets it slide over my body. Reaching down between our legs, he begins massaging my clit. He pushes deeper into me as I moan and move, bringing myself to a very slow climax.

'Mmmm, your pussy is clenching my cock. I have to push it deeper, I want to hear you scream.' He pulls his cock out to the tip and I feel the juices flow out as he suddenly starts pounding me hard. Slapping his balls against me, he slaps my ass, to make me clamp onto his cock harder. He drives his cock in deep. He holds it there as he pinches my nipples, then down to my clit. He stands up a little and re-positions his cock as he starts rubbing me inside, tweaking my clit.

'I can't take this!' I cry out and I cum. 'Ahhhh, don't stop, please don't stop, fuck me baby, fuck me.' I scream out to him. He pulls me hard against him and slams into me deeper, thrusting his cock in and out. Out to the tip then slamming back into me, driving my climax, rippling it. I can feel him swell, I know he's leaking more. I so want to lick it. I can feel he wants to cum.

'Nooooooo.' He cries out. As he explodes inside me. I push him back hard as he fingers dig into my hips. I try to disengage him. But he can't stop, pounding more and more. He succumbs to the edge of pleasure and beyond.

'Let go honey.' I plead with him. 'Let me milk you dry.'

He releases me and I pull off of him. Turning quickly before he finishes, I push him to the opposite edge to sit. Watching his cock still twitching as I engulf his cock into my mouth. Suctioning him hard. He screams out for me to stop. This time I cannot stop. I want him to enjoy everything. I want him spent. Because we will be doing this all night.

'Enough!' He cries out, pulling my head up and falling into me and into the tub, kissing me hard. Throwing water everywhere. 'God, woman, your going to kill me.' I just smile as we lean into each other and enjoy the hot water. I reach over and turn on the jets as he snuggles onto my chest and starts flicking my nipple with his tongue.

'Your turn baby. Turn about fair play.' He moans to me. 'You need to be eaten. Slowly and I will not stop.'

'Mmm, works for me.'

'But first, I gotta have a nap. Order something to eat, wake me in half an hour. Then it's my turn to fuck you and your ass will be tied up.'

'Promises, promises.' I say in a sultry voice. He moves against me and slides two fingers deep into me and rubs my G spot, faster and sucks my nipple, making me cum, so fast. I didn't even expect it, when it blasts out of me.

He smiles and slowly removes his fingers, then pinches my clit, making me jerk. He smiles even bigger.

'Fucker.' I say sarcastically.

'Isn't that what I just did, Fuck her.' He laughs as he gets up and help me out of the tub. I grab a towel and dry him off. I kneel down to rub his legs and kiss his cock. He jerks back. 'Ah a little sensitive, be nice to him.'

I just smile. He has no idea.