 She walked down the hotel hallway, admiring the charming features that made the complex seem welcoming.

This, however, was nothing compared to the welcome she felt by the hand that grasped hers. She looked up into his beautiful steely blue eyes and smiled dreamily. At last, they would finally be alone. To roam, to discover, to explore, to satisfy. At last they arrived at the room number that the friendly desk clerk had assigned to them. She smiled a sheepish smile, butterflies dancing in her stomach; the excitement was causing her goosebumps to splay across her skin and her nipples to harden.

He looked back at her, wrapping one arm around her to rest on the small of her back, and pulled her close for a small, sweet kiss.

"Are you ready?" he asked her.

"I've been ready for this for so long," came her reply.

"As have I."

He slid the key card into the slot, the light turned green, and the doorknob clicked to indicate that the door was ready to be opened. If only the couple knew what would await them on the other side. He picked up their small overnight bag and opened the door for the raven-haired beauty he had kissed only moments before.

She walked past him, softly tracing her fingertips over his arms and chest. Walking into the suite, she began to appreciate it's beauty. Behind her, he was appreciating her beauty. Her hair was softly curled, framing her creamy skin. Her eyes were lightly rimmed with eyeliner, her eyelashes enhanced with mascara so that her blue eyes seemed to glow. Her lips were stained with a soft berry color, parting softly in her inventory of the room. She was wearing a low cut white blouse, with a hint of lace peeping through over her cleavage. Her lovely legs were showcased by the frilly white skirt she had on, and the delicate pink slingback heels she wore. She turned from the view of the room to the view she desired most - him. As she turned, the sunlight from the picture windows threw her figure into stunning relief.

The same sunlight illuminated his handsome face. His long lashes brushed over his cheeks, his eyes dark with desire for her. He set the bag down near the door and made sure the 'Do Not Disturb' sign was on the doorknob. The world could collapse around them, and neither would care as long as they were in one another's arms. He walked across the room with a smile on his face, showing the dimples she loved. Once he reached her, he pulled her into his arms, resting his hands on her bottom. She ran her hands up his chest, up over his shoulders, and finally twined her fingers in his hair, softly massaging his scalp.

"Hi," he whispered.

"Hello yourself," she replied with a grin.

No more words were necessary as their instincts took over them. They looked into one another's eyes, and their lips met. The fireworks that they could only create together burst through their bodies, lighting up their senses and heightening the sensitivity of their skin. His hands pressed into her ass, pulling her towards him to grind her against his growing erection. She wrapped her arms around his neck, pushing her breasts into his chest. Their lips partook of one another hungrily, there was no sating their desire. Mouths opened, and their tongues danced together, hot and wet. Soft whimpers escaped their lips as their hands began to roam. As his hands squeezed her butt, she lifted her left leg to hitch her thigh around his hip, giving him access to her bare pussy. His right hand caressed her soft ass cheek, playfully slapping her skin. She grinned against his mouth.

He rubbed the pink skin, working his way around to her pussy. He could feel her warmth before he dipped his finger into her soaking lips. She moaned into his mouth, the soft vibrations exciting him further. He plunged a finger deep inside her, and began to wiggle it back and forth quickly. She had to break the kiss to cry out in pleasure, her head falling back. His other arm gripped her tighter; he knew she was having difficulty keeping her balance with all the pleasure he was giving her. Reluctantly, he withdrew his glistening finger. She lowered her leg, and he brought his hand to her mouth where she eagerly took his wet fingers in her mouth to suck every drop of her juices off his hand. He loved the sight and the sensation, but mostly he loved her unabashed enthusiasm. Her eyes looked into his with a wicked gleam; she planned to suck and fuck him dry tonight.

She stepped out of her heels and then wound herself back into his arms, kissing him feverishly. They slowly felt their way to the bedroom, never stopping their kissing. Once there, she broke the kiss again and pushed him down so that he was sitting on the edge of the bed.

"Don't move," she said, "and no touching unless I give you permission." He simply smiled and laughed.

She stood in front of him, just out of arm's reach. She began to run her fingers over her face, sucking gently on her fingers and running them over her lips. She began to run her hands all over her neck and chest, closing her eyes to concentrate on the sensations. Her hands slowly ran over her breasts, down her sides, around her hips, over her ass, back up her sides, and finally back up to linger on her breasts.

He was getting swollen watching the show she was putting on for him; his hand moved into his lap as he softly caressed his hard cock through his pants. She opened her eyes at last, and caught his gaze. A small smile played over her lips as she watched him start to fondle himself. It only turned her on even more.

She began to undo the buttons of her blouse slowly, one at a time, until her blouse hung open, revealing the lace trimmed corset she wore underneath. It pushed up her breasts, and her shallow excited breathing pushed them against the fabric. She dropped the blouse to the floor, and began to work her skirt down her hips. He stopped breathing for a moment as he watched her. He loved the show she was putting on for him, it was getting him so hot. The skirt inched down, slowly exposing her shaved, swollen pussy. She let the skirt drop into a puddle at her feet, and he enjoyed the view. She slowly pulled her right breast out from underneath the corset, licking around the top before gently flicking her nipple. Pulling her tit to her mouth, she began to suck on her breast. She peered out from underneath her lashes at him, and winked as she saw his breathing speed up. Then she proceeded to do the same thing to her left breast.

Both tits were hanging out over the top of her corset, and she walked over to where he sat on the bed. As she leaned over him, she softly sucked on his earlobe and whispered to him that she loved him. Then she stood up and placed her right foot on the bed next to him, and running her hands down her body she dipped her fingers into her slippery pussy. She moaned softly when her finger caught her clit, her hands knowing just where to go. Using her left hand, she opened her lips so he could see her fingers playing her pussy like a well-tuned instrument. Soon she was lost in the throes of her orgasm, her head falling back, her body shaking as her soft cries filled the room. She regained control of herself, and kneeled in front of him with a soft glow in her eyes and a rosy blush on her cheeks. She smiled and put her fingers into his mouth, knowing he would want to taste her.

He closed his eyes and sucked on her fingers, so turned on he could barely stand it. He wanted her to sit on his hard cock and relieve the swollen pressure, but he knew she wouldn't let him suffer long. She unbuttoned his shirt, working it off his shoulders and throwing it over to join her skirt on the floor. She stood up and straddled his lap, her soaking hot pussy making contact with his dick through the material of his pants. She leaned down to kiss his lips slowly, gently. Like the gentleman he was, he let her set the pace. Her lips left his mouth, but before he could protest she began raining soft kisses over his cheek. She kissed a trail across his jawline, then back toward his ear. After kissing right below his earlobe, she used her tongue to trace the contours of his ear. Then she sucked his earlobe into her mouth, using her teeth to softly nibble, a small smile lighting her face as he shivered and moaned.

Crawling off his lap, she used her mouth and tongue to explore the contours of his chest and stomach before taking his nipples into her mouth and using her tongue and suction to tease them until he groaned. She gently pushed him back on the bed, kissing his bare skin, his shoulders, biceps, placing an open-mouthed kiss on the inside of his elbow and wrist, using her tongue to trace a trail from the bottom of his palm to the tip of his middle finger before sucking the tip of his finger into her mouth. She unbuttoned his pants, kissing the sensitive skin right above his waist, and worked his pants off of him.

His beautiful cock lay bobbing on his stomach, waiting for her. She smiled and began to kiss her way down his thighs, his knees, his calves... Working her way back up, she pulled him so his ass was right on the edge of the bed and his legs were spread. Using her tongue, she licked hot patterns all over the insides of thighs. She exhaled her hot breath over his balls, and softly began tracing her tongue over his sack while intermittently kissing it. She opened her soft lips and gently sucked his left ball into her mouth, surrounding it with wet warmth. Her tongue laved over it, flicking quickly. She did the same to his right ball, then took them both into her mouth at once. Withdrawing them from her mouth, she headed further south and began to kiss his ass cheeks. Lifting his legs to gain better access, she parted his ass cheeks so that she could tease his asshole with her lips and tongue. Reaching out with her tongue, she gently probed at it, using a soft pulsing pressure. His groans of pleasure excited her and encouraged her. Putting her lips to his hole, she sucked on it and then bathed it with her tongue until it was nice and wet. Soaking her finger with saliva, she began to use her finger to probe into his ass, watching his swollen dick jumping with excitement. She kissed her way up the shaft, all the while working her finger into his ass. Raining kisses all around the head of his cock, she flicked the tip with her tongue. Using her free hand, she lifted his cock so she could pull just the tip into her mouth. Her finger was gaining more access now, and she paused just long enough to spit on her finger to keep it lubricated.

Bringing her attention back to his dick, she used her tongue to circle all around the head and lick up and down his shaft. Softly sucking in the little patch of skin right below the head. Slowly taking him in her mouth, her tongue wiggled back and forth, adding to the stimulation. Once he was nice and wet, she suddenly deep throated him, wiggling the finger in his ass at the exact same moment. He cried out in pleasure. Her soft throat muscles massaged the head of his cock, while her tongue danced on his shaft and her finger kept up it's ministrations in his ass. Unable to contain herself, she began to bob her head up and down, moaning over his cock in pleasure - knowing that she was making him feel good turned her on. The muffled vibrations played all over his head and shaft, and he could feel the orgasm building. She stopped just long enough to re-lubricate her finger so as to keep from causing any discomfort, and moved her mouth back to his glorious cock.

She formed suction with her lips, her mouth clinging to him. The soft, wet heat of her mouth worked its way up and down his dick, her tongue flicking the head when she neared the top. He began to groan, feeling the orgasm about to reach it's peak. He couldn't wait to coat her tongue with jet after jet of his hot, creamy cum.

"Here it comes, baby... I'm gonna come!"

He made those groaning noises that she loved, the ones that sent waves of pleasure pulsing through her pussy. She backed off so she could feel the spurts of cum in her mouth, his hard cock pulsing as his body vibrated with his orgasm. She loved the taste of his cum, it was so salty and delicious. After she could feel he was done, she took another long pull to make sure she got every drop of cum out of his cock and then she swallowed. She took her finger out of his ass, and crawled up to kiss him so he could taste his sweet cum on her tongue.

He could taste his cum in her warm, wet mouth. She tasted so sweet.

"Oh my god," he breathed, "you are amazing."

She grinned, her eyes sparkling, and replied, "Thank you... I'm glad you enjoyed it."

"Now," he said, "it's time for me to return the favor."

Her heartbeat began to accelerate, and she could feel the warmth of the blood rushing to her cheeks... As well as to other places. She smiled and laid back on the bed, her dark hair tumbling around her face and shoulders.

He kneeled next to her, and began to slowly kiss her while tracing soft patterns over the skin on her neck with his fingertips. She shivered, and she could feel the goosebumps quickly rising on her skin. He smiled on her mouth; he loved it when she shuddered. His right hand tenderly cupped her face, and he felt he could spend the rest of his life this way; kissing this woman.

Her eyes were closed, focusing on the sensations running through her body. His lips began to wander over her face, kissing her cheeks and her nose, her forehead, down her temple, and working over to her ear. He sucked the lobe of her ear into his mouth and breathed into her ear that he loved her. She smiled in her bliss and whispered that she loved him too. His mouth moved down the gentle curve of her neck, tasting every inch of skin. He kissed her jawline, her collarbone, and worked his way up the other side of her neck to suck on her other earlobe. 

By this time her breathing was growing ragged, her beautiful breasts lifting with every intake. He moved down her neck, dropping kisses all over her shoulders and chest. He paused to unhook the eyelets holding together her lace-covered corset, releasing her breasts for his attention. She arched her back to allow him to pull the garment out from underneath her, and over the side of the bed it went to join the rest of their clothes. He sat up for a moment to run his eyes down her body. Her eyes were half open, dark with lust, her lips were slightly swollen and a dark pink from kissing and from running all over his cock.

She lifted her hand and ran it down his arm, the touch of her soft hand jolting him out of his pause. His head leaned down to kiss her left breast, the soft underside and the downward slope of the top. His tongue traced patterns and lines all over until her breathing came even more labored than before. Finally, his tongue flicked over her hard nipple, causing her to gasp in delight. He flattened his tongue and lapped at her nipple, sucking it tightly into his mouth and lightly squeezing it with his teeth. Her hands were twined in his soft hair, her fingernails softly scratching his scalp as he used his mouth to pleasure her. He quickly flicked his tongue, and his cock began to swell again as her back lifted off the bed and she moaned, offering herself up to him to use for his will. 

His mouth moved over to her right breast, giving it the same attention as the other. He began to let his hands roam over her body while his mouth worked; up and down her sides, over her stomach, caressing her hips... By this point she began to squirm, and he had hardly begun. 

He was in no rush, he wanted to prolong her enjoyment as long as possible. His mouth sucked on the delicate white skin between her tits, then began to work it's way down her ribs and all over her stomach. Lips moving as lightly as a butterfly's wings, touching down over her tummy, and dipping his tongue into her navel. He kissed the skin on her sides and her hips, and used his tongue to trace the line of her hipbone to the top of her pussy. He could see the wetness of her lips, and his instinct screamed at him to bury his face in her sweet slit. He restrained himself, and used his mouth to kiss and lick her soft, shaved mound. He worked his way with kisses all over her thighs and her legs. Then, unexpectedly, he stopped. 

She opened her eyes and focused on his face through the fog of bliss she was shrouded in. He was looking down at her with a smile. 

"Turn over," he said to her.

She smiled back and flipped herself onto her stomach, revealing her beautiful ass for him. His tongue traced one long line down her spine, and she shivered and whimpered. Once he got to her lower back, he began to cover it in erratic, open mouthed kisses. He knew this was one of her biggest erogenous zones, and he planned on using that to his advantage.

The things he was doing to her body felt so incredibly amazing, she was so wet and hot that she knew once he finally got to her pussy she wouldn't be able to last long. She gripped the pillow and was moaning heavily, her legs flexing and bending uncontrollably. 

He moved over her ass, and pressed her legs apart. Using his thumbs to pull apart her cheeks, he softly licked at her hole; she cried out. He worked on her, slowly working his tongue inside her ass, fucking her with it. She was so turned on it bordered on torment. He could smell her juices, freely flowing from her slippery pussy. 

"Get up on your knees," he commanded her, "I want to taste that hot pussy of yours, you little fuck slut."

"Oh god yes, please honey... Please, lick my wet pussy, your little fuck slut is so turned on and she wants you to make her come. Oh please baby... I need it so bad."

He slowly licked her lips, enjoying the sweetness of her juices. He ran his finger from the top of her slit to the bottom, and slowly worked a finger inside of her. She was so wet, and it got him incredibly hard knowing it was all because of how he made her feel. He was finger fucking her a little faster now, a second finger joining the first. Then his finger moved up to her ass, where it slowly began working it's way inside. Meanwhile, his other hand spread her lips wide, exposing her pretty pink pussy to his view. He buried his face in her warm slit, his tongue furiously lapping at her clit before sucking on her pussy. His tongue slowly flicked her clit, teasing her and driving her crazy. 

Her body began to quiver, and her moans grew louder. His tongue quickly flicked over her clit, bringing her closer to that release. 

"Unh, unh... Mmm... Oooh... Oh god... Unh... Here it comes... I'm gonna come!" 

Her back began to arch and her body was shaking. Her head was thrashing from side to side while she gripped and tugged on the sheets. A small amount of sweet, warm fluid rushed over his face, bathing him in her creamy cum. He sucked on her pussy, trying to get every drop of juice he could. She kept shuddering, and she could hardly catch her breath.

He stood up on the floor and pulled her ass toward him as he buried himself in her in one stroke. She gasped and then cried out. He paused for a few moments, enjoying the feel of her tight, still pulsating pussy wrapped like warm wet velvet around his shaft. He slowly withdrew, and began to slowly fuck her. With every thrust she cried out in pleasure.

He stopped for a moment to grab her left leg and throw it over his shoulder so she was kneeling on her side. He slipped back inside her and started up the rhythm again. 

"Oh god yes, baby, it feels incredible having your hard cock inside me right after I come."

"Oh yeah, do you like the way my hard cock feels inside your hot wet pussy? You are my little fuck slut, aren't you? Yeah, you like it when I fuck your wet pussy, you little whore."

He began to pound into her quickly, feeling his balls slap against the inside of her right thigh. She began to scream in ecstasy, moaning and reveling in being used for his pleasure. 
