 The end of this weekend was also going to be the end of a long, long road trip. I don't often travel in my business, but this current project had been a little out of the ordinary and had required me to pitch the proposal, in person, to a number of board members around the country. I didn't mind the travel, and luckily the proposal itself was everything they had wanted and my trip really just a formality. Still, the formality seemed like it was taking a large chunk out of my life.

This last flight, to Phoenix Arizona, had been delayed three times before it finally got off the ground in Chicago. The plane was packed it being the start of a weekend, and the poor gentleman beside me spent the entire flight trying to sooth his colic ridden infant who decided about 20 minutes after take-off to show everyone what it had had for lunch. I was lucky enough that most of it landed on the guy and the seat in front of us. So I didn't have to wear it... but trust me, the smell lingered for the entire flight.

By the time I got to the hotel I was a bit cranky and tired of traveling, ready to rest. I phoned the board member as I got off the plane and was informed by his secretary that due to the delays in my flight, he presumed I was not coming and had gone to his vacation home for the weekend, He would be happy to meet me on Monday at my convenience.

Great, well... now I had nothing more to do but relax at the hotel for the entire weekend All I could hope for was that the streak of bad luck had passed, that the hotel was comfortable, the shower was good and the place had a pool. If I could achieve that, I would be happy.... Little did I know just how happy I would be, or how far, far away my streak of bad luck really was.

The hotel was pleasant enough. It had a spacious lobby, 3 restaurants, a couple of bars, one of which was by the pool, a workout room, and an attractive woman behind the counter. She smiled a great deal and assured me that she was there to serve me should I need anything. At the time I was tempted to tell her all the things I thought she could do for me, but why ruin a good start to a long stay.

I dropped my stuff in the room, hung my clothes in the closet, took a short shower to freshen up grabbed a towel, and headed for the pool. I had about 2 good hours of sunshine left and I wasn't about to allow anything to interfere with that. 

The pool itself turned out to be one of those large amorphous shaped things with lounge chairs scattered around it each with a large, white, (or red, very, very red) body laying whale-like across it. Each that is except for one chair which I found around the corner and which seemed to be the only lounge chair that was unoccupied. I tossed my towel onto the chair, paced over to the pool and dove in. The water was cool and refreshing and even though I had just showered, the silky feel of water streaming over my skin as I swan the length of the pool underwater was just what I needed. I surfaced at the other end, grabbed a few breaths and made the return trip. Once on the other side, I rose out of the water, went back to my chair and grabbed my towel. In what had been an occupied but vacant lounge chair next to me lay a slender, tan, dark haired woman in a black bikini pink toenail polish and her nose deep into a book. Her legs were toned very attractive, and the first thing that caught my eye. She had the legs of a gymnast I noticed, then reasoned that she might be indeed as she appeared to be a bit small. Then I realized that not only was she petite, she was likely only about 20 years old. I turned away before I got any further ideas. At 43, and married, its not that I don't appreciate the feminine form at that age, its just that it has mostly turned into a "window shopping" experience for me. You can look but you had better not touch if you know what I mean. Even if the interest was there, and sometimes there was plenty of interest, the likelihood of a woman in that age bracket feeling the same way was slim to none. So, I shopped on occasion. Nothing wrong with that. 

As I was drying my head a waiter appeared at my side and asked if I something from the bar. I ordered a scotch, and was turning away when he said "and for your daughter?" I turned back and he was looking at the black bikini-clad gymnast.

"I'll have a Pina Colada please" she said.

Mr. waiter turned to me with a questioning look on his face, as if to say 'Sir, is your daughter old enough to have a drink?' I began to point out that she was NOT in fact my daughter, but before I could get three words out of my mouth I heard her say "Oh Daddy! Don't be such a spoil sport!

Now I will be honest here and say that this lithe beautiful girl, smiling up at me and calling me daddy quite took me by surprise. I stammered, looked at the now smirking waiter, and said "whatever the lady wants. Put it on my room" and gave him the number and he walked away.

"Thanks" she said. "But you don't have to pay. I have money and she reached for her bag next to the lounge. 

"Don't worry about it" I said, its an expense account. Really."

"Are you sure? I really can pay".... She looked up at me from her lounge and for the first time I noticed that her shoulder length dark brown hair and smooth skinned tan framed a pair of crystal blue eyes and a smile of beautiful white teeth.

"Trust me, its not a problem" I said as I dropped into the lounge next to her and finally laid back to rest. The drinks came a short while later, she smiled and said cheers, clinking her glass to mine and thanked me again for the drink. Whatever she was reading must have been very good because she kept her nose buried in her book and said little more the rest of the afternoon. While I would have liked to strike up a conversation, I found myself mostly waiting for her real father, or boyfriend to wander by and so had written her off. I spent the rest of the afternoon sipping my scotch, thinking about my week ahead and wondering what I was going to do for excitement for the next two days.

As the afternoon sun faded, she rose from her chair set her book aside and too a final sip from her drink. Though young, she moved with an elegance and poise usually found in woman somewhat older. She pulled her hair back and gathered it on the back of her neck the way woman often do, ran her fingers around the elastic in her suit, and bent over to brush something off of her little pink toes. My eyes were mesmerized by her movement, and I couldn't keep them off of her. I could now see that she was likely 5'-5'most, and couldn't have weighed more than 105 pounds. I wouldn't have called her athletic, but there was little fat to be found on this slender body of hers. As she rose back up she noticed my stare and blushed. I didn't, couldn't say a word. I simply smiled. She blushed, turned her eyes away, then looked back and said "um....Hi" and smiled.

"Sorry," I said and began to blush a bit myself, ...."I didn't mean to...."

"Its okay" she interrupted, " I guess it's a compliment". Then she turned and walked to the pool, dove of the edge and the clear clean water enveloped her body.

I wanted to wait around a bit for her to come back, but after a while I saw that she had started a conversation with some girls at the far end of the pool and after a few moments got out and joined a group of people closer to her age in laughter and conversation. Feeling like an old man again, I gathered up my things and headed back to my room for a well deserved nap before dinner. 

I woke at about 8, showered again, put on some jeans and a loose button down shirt and headed for the lobby. Only one restaurant was open at that hour for some reason, though it appeared that most people were just coming down to eat. I found a table close to the back, ordered another scotch and opened the magazine I had bought in the airport. I saw movement out of the corner of my eye and assumed the waiter had come with my drink. I didn't bother to look up, and after a moment I heard a soft voice say "Um..... Hi.... Remember me?"

I looked up to find my poolside "daughter" friend standing in front of me in a pair of white shorts and a dark blue cotton camisole. She had little else on that was certain. Certainly there was no bra underneath her camisole and it clung to her body like a second skin. I noticed now that her arms, neck and tummy were as tight and shapely as her legs had seemed earlier. Her shoulders were delicate, but made wider by her slender waist and flat tummy. 

"There don't seem to be any tables left, they said it would be about a 10 minute wait, but I thought, if you were alone, that perhaps I could share your table?" Her voice was soft and shy, and her sentences ended on an up-note the way many young people speak these days. She was intelligent, I could tell that much, and not afraid to take care of herself. But approaching a strange man in a restaurant had made her a little uncertain. All I knew was that I was quite happy to have her join me both for the company and well, lets be honest, any man would love to have this beautiful woman sitting across the table from him. It would however be difficult to keep my eyes off of her and I made a mental note not to get caught staring as I had at the pool.
"Please, sit down. Of course you can join me." Always a gentleman, I stood as she took her seat. At that point the waiter DID come with my drink, and I ordered another Pina Colada for my new dinner guest. This brought a smile to her face. "You remembered."

"well sure.... Suddenly having a beautiful daughter by the pool in a hotel in Phoenix is not something I am likely to forget very soon" I said. She blushed again as she slid into the booth. "I hope you didn't mind that. I really am old enough...." She looked up and met my eyes and I didn't turn away. "well.. okay almost old enough, but its not like I'm driving anywhere. I mean I am stuck in this hotel, so why not enjoy it? 

I agreed, and when her drink came we clinked glasses again and began what turned out to be a delightful and charming dinner.

I learned that her name was Marinda, that she was in town interviewing for schools, and that yes, she was traveling alone. She was from some small town in Florida (thus the beautiful tan), had interviewed at three schools already and no, she was not really sure what she wanted to study yet though it was a close race between journalism and law.

Her father had died in a military accident three months before she was born, and she and her mother had traveled from town to town for a bit before finally landing in the Florida panhandle. She seemed bright, independent, intelligent and capable. She turned out to be very well mannered, polite, and I learned, not really very shy at all. She had an easy way about her, sometimes coy, sometimes flirtatious. She had a wonderful giggle that was perhaps the last vestige of this girl turning into a woman. We talked about school and her grades, music, (a very different subject for each of us), travel and sports. In the end she tried to hook me up with her mother who she said had never re-married.

I told her that I was already in fact married, no I had no children, yes I was happy in life, and what it was I was doing here in this hotel at this time. 

"Didn't you want kids?" she asked me.

I related that we did, and may still actually, my wife is only 37 after all, but we just haven't gotten there yet it seemed.

"Would you want sons or daughters?" This question came out of the blue, and I could see or thought I could see a sparkle in her eye when she asked it.

"Well Marinda, I guess I have always wanted a son. Someone I could take camping and fishing and watch baseball games with."

"You could do that with a daughter as well you know. We like all those things too. I wish I had had a father to teach me about camping baseball and dancing all of that stuff."

We were quiet for a minute, letting that hang in the air. I felt a little awkward for some reason, and said well, I will be your daddy for the rest of the weekend if you like. Hell I have already started... why stop now?"

This brought a smile to her face. "Yeah? Are ya gonna teach me about all of those things over the weekend?" she asked.

"Well I don't know if we are going to be able to camp, but we can work on the others if you like."

"You just like it when I call you daddy" she smiled. Again, I could swear there was a gleam in her eye. Certainly the smile on her face was innocent and unassuming, but its sounded like a fun game and so I of course decided to go along.

"It's hard to admit, but yeah... there is a certain appeal to that."

"I thought so." I saw a look in your eye when I mentioned it at the pool. I think you are just dying to have a daughter and you just don't know it."

"Well perhaps you can show me the advantages of having a daughter....?"

"I would love to. I am going to be the best daughter you ever had. Promise" she said and reached over and gave my hand a squeeze. 

"Ya think? Are you going to be a good girl?"

"Of course!. I promise" she said and she pulled her hand back and looked away. For the life of me I couldn't tell if we were both flirting, or if it was all a figment of my very active imagination. I realized that my male mind was perhaps taking this all a little too far and that this young intelligent woman had simply joined me for dinner in a n attempt to meet new people and shorten her wait for food. Yet, looking at her, listening to her voice, seeing that glint in her eye, made my mind wander. I would have to be careful here. A girl of her age was not something to mess around with.

The food was good and the conversation better. Despite the differences in our ages, we found much to talk about and before long she was telling me all about her boyfriends and asking my advice on how to handle them. 

I got bold at one point and said "So tell me.... Are you sleeping with him?"

There was a pause that lasted longer than I felt comfortable with and for a moment I thought I had overstepped my bounds. In time she looked up and said "Yes" she faked a blush, then added "but only a couple of times. Its normal you know. I figured why not just get it out of the way."

I smiled and let that hang there for a moment...... "so is he any good?" I asked a big smile on my face.

She looked up and laughed out loud. "I don't know. He's my fisrt one..... He's okay I guess. I mean how am I supposed to know? Its not like I have a lot of experience." She paused then added "He's kinda fast. I mean god it doesn't take him long you know? Is it always like that?"

I smiled, remembering my own sexual youth. "No. He's just young that's all. It feels real good for the guy at the very beginning, give him time to get used to it."
Well I hope he doesn't take too long I only get to see him for another 2 months. Then we're off to school."

"Perhaps the next guy then. It gets better trust me."

"Either that or I'll just have to find an older guy" 

I was sipping my water at that moment and it was all I could do not to spit the whole thing across the table. I looked in her eye but saw no trace of innuendo there. She was just musing to herself.

"As guys get older they tend to pay more attention to a woman's needs in bed I think. Take your time. In time you will find a man who will make you feel things you could never imagine baby girl."

"I hope so anyway. So far it seems like it's been nothing but blowjobs and laying on my back. Well don't get me wrong, its not like I have done it all that often, but its just always the same thing you know? I mentioned it to him, but we always start the same way and before I know it he's done and sleeping."

"Sounds familiar. I hate to admit it but I was probably like that at that age as well. Like I said. Give it time."

The waiter came and cleared the table, and a small swing band had begun playing on a stage in the other end of the room. She grabbed my hand as said "so are you going to teach me how to dance now?" That smile both laughing with and taunting me at the same time. 
"Sure, anything for my only daughter" and with that I took her hand and led her to the dance floor. Swing music is really the only type of music I can even attempt to dance to. The steps are simple and I enjoy it most because it's a dance that allows the partners to be very close together. I showed her the basic steps and she learned quickly. Within minutes we were into more advanced moves of tossing her out and spinning her around. She was light on her feet and fluid in motion. She was trying very hard to learn what I was teaching, and the look of both concentration and pleasure on her face made her so much more adorable that I found it hard to remember that she was NOT my daughter, and that I hardly knew this woman. For a woman she certainly was. I couldn't remember the last time I had had this much fun on the dance floor. 

During one number, I spun her around, holding her hand over her head gathered her in and spun her out again, our arms fully extended. Naturally, the next move was to bring her back in, which I did, and she landed against me, her arm around my waist and her face inches from mine. Our eyes met and we held there for a moment, slowly swaying to the music. She smiled shyly, then buried her face against my shoulder and wrapped her small fingers around my thumb. After a moment I pulled her body closer to mine and we spent the rest of that song and the next one just holding on another close and listening to the music. When the song ended, she pulled away and started to lead me back to the table. "That was a blast. I guess I have missed a lot not having a father." She looked up into my eyes and paused for a second. "I am learning a great deal..... like what its like with a guy who DOES know how to handle himself. Its so comfortable, so much more fun" 

"You will find the man who will make you feel just like this sometime baby. You'll know when its right too. Just don't rush it, and enjoy what you find along the way as well. Okay?" She turned her head up to look at me and almost by reflex and before I knew what I was doing I leaned down and kissed her softly on the lips. It was just a peck really, but it felt like so much more, maybe the way our eyes never left each other. After a moment, I turned away and said perhaps we should settle the bill.

"Oh" she said with a hint of disappointment in her voice. "it was just getting fun, can we have another drink though?" and she smiled that convincing smile that I suspect all daughters innately know how to do and added "Daddy....."

She was certainly churning up a lot of fire inside of me with those eyes, I wondered if she knew that. "Why don't we close this bill, get a drink at the bar and take a walk around the grounds?"

"That sounds like a great idea." And off we went. She said she had to use the ladies room, so I picked up a couple of glasses of merlot at the bar and met her outside the patio doors. She had brushed her hair and primped a bit, and in the soft glow of the ground lighting, she looked absolutely beautiful. She walked up to me and smiled as she took the glass from my hand. She took a sip then, her eyes never leaving mine, then we turned and started walking along the path. 

The hotel grounds were fairly extensive, and I learned that there was a golf course right adjacent to the lot. We took our glasses and headed in that direction. When w got to the first tee, she stopped, handed me her glass, grabbed my arm and leaned over to take her sandals off. "Is this okay? I love the feel of grass between my toes"

"Baby girl... whatever you want is fine with me" I said and smiled.

We turned and started walking across the grass and she never did let go of my arm. Something else that was just fine with me. 

We talked more about her studies and what classes she should take to cover both areas of interest. We talked about travel as well, and her mom and why she never re-married. We touched briefly on my wife, I told her I was happy and enjoying life, but admitted that there were times in life when we all falter or come close. She held my arm tighter at that point, "Well that only seems only natural. At least you love her. You DO love her don't you?" I admitted that I did and that I didn't know what I would do without my wife at times, which was true. She was my soul mate and I loved her dearly. It made it all the more confusing with this beautiful woman walking barefoot through the grass on my arm.
