 My story begins my senior year in high school the year 1979. I was beginning my fourth year with the school band rhythm section, now mostly referred to as the stage band. Being a guitar and bass player I didn't have to endure marching, but would help with set up and take down for the rest of the band. As I said I didn't have to march or deal with the "band uniform"; yet still took part in all activities so that I still got to be around all the girls, which was my main focus.

Darlene Brown was a first year assistant choir teacher straight out of college. Athletically built she stood at about 5'3" tall. The first thing to catch my eye was her very well shaped and toned calves made only more impressive by the three inch heels she usually wore. Her legs were thick and well toned that connected to a beautiful full round ass, the flair of her hips were accentuated by a small waist and well proportioned breasts. Her hair was reddish brown that came down just past her shoulders usually held back in a ponytail. Her skin was smooth and tan, her face oval, beautiful hazel eyes, and thin yet beautifully shaped lips on a small mouth. From the very first day I met her she became the figment of many fantasies. But I knew full and well that was all it was ever going to be, for two reasons. I knew 99% of all Teacher/Student stories were just that, and because I was her one constant source of annoyance. You see I was for ever luring away her singers with the promise of gaining more attention from the opposite sex by singing rock for our latest song project then by singing "church music". Looking back, she let us get away with a lot. 

The band had gotten permission to do a few songs as a "going a way" thing for three of us seniors. When we were finishing setting up just before the dance, Miss Brown came up to me and asked if we could do a song by Santana, saying she had enjoyed hearing us rehearse through out the year. Well for me it was as good as any of my many fantasies of her coming true, and I also knew it would be the closest any of them would ever come to being true. She was one of the teacher chaperones at the dance and when the time came for us to do our set she stood off to the side of the stage and watched. I convinced the rest of the group to do the song and leave it for the last number. I must say I could feel her eyes on me while I laid down my best ever rendition of Europa. After it was done and we were showered with applause I made what I considered to be a very bold move on my part, I went and asked Miss Brown to dance. To my surprise she accepted and we danced. It was not a sexy slow dance just a regular dance number put out by the disco, and only that one number did we danced, but to an infatuated school boy it was as good as sex. After the dance I got "lucky" with one of the girls from the band. And though I know now that it was wrong, I remember it was the vision of Miss Brown in my head as I closed my eyes and thrust relentlessly into this girl in the back seat of my '72 Ford. 

The short time left in the school year was back to normal. Most of the conversations between her and I were when she would come in looking for stray choir students. Some how I managed to graduate and not seeing much of a future in my musical talents or in the jobs available to me in town, I joined the Air Force.

Three years later as a member of a special operations team, I was placed on light duty for a minor injury that I received on my last mission to some place we were not even supposed to be in. I got offered the opportunity for a two week reassignment to recruitment duty in my home town. Accepting the assignment got me practically two weeks leave with out being charged for it. I would only work four to five hours a day talking to potential recruits in the recruiter's office. For the second week the recruiter I was assigned to, thought it would be a good idea if we went down to my old high school. We were scheduled for Thursday and Friday the last two days of my assignment. Between talking with the ROTC classes and meeting with interested students I couldn't help but wander down to my old playground, the music department. 

I was pleasantly surprised that Miss Brown was still teaching choir, although now the head choir teacher. I was also some what heartbroken to learn that she was but two months from marriage. Not that it should have mattered for even though no longer a student, any thoughts of me and Miss Brown were still only fantasies. I was very impressed that she even remembered me. Then I got knocked for a loop when she asked if I would join her at the cafeteria for lunch, of course I accepted. Except for the company, lunch was nothing special, consisting mostly of the regular, "so what have you been doing with your life?" and "oh remember so and so? Well they now ... etc. etc." 

In the afternoon of the following day, which was the last day of my visit to the school, I again wandered into the music department. While chatting with my old guitar teacher, I picked up a guitar and started playing that same old song. I didn't finish it but when I stopped I heard a voice as if it had come from the heavens above. 

"You know several have tried but still no one has come close to how good you did that." 

Almost blushing I thanked her. Saying good bye to my old teacher I walked Miss Brown back to her classroom as the bell rang. I got bold and asked her out to dinner. She told me it was sweet but she didn't think it was right since she was engaged to be married. I said I understood, and that it had been so nice seeing her again. 

"Well it was nice seeing you again, you take good care of your self" she said. 

Once again I waked away heartbroken but happy to have just seen and talk with her again. 

Walking out to the parking lot with the Recruiting Sergeant, I heard my name called out. It was Miss Brown running out. The Sergeant just smiled and said I'll wait in the car, and I went back and met her half way. 

"Listen, maybe I overreacted, would the invitation to dinner still be open?" she said somewhat embarrassed. 

"Of course it's still open; just tell me where and when. I'm sorry, I have been gone for so long I don't know where the good places are anymore, and I'm sorry but I can't pick you up since I don't have a car." 

She chuckled and said "That's ok I understand, tell you what, I get out of here about 5:30 and I live on the other side of town so why don't I pick you up. Then we can go so I can get changed then go to dinner." 

So I gave her phone number and address and the date was set. Just by chance I had recently bought a new suit and had brought it with me on the out side chance I would go out some where nice one night. Fate really is a curious thing is it not? 

She pulled up at about 5:45 and off we went. She complimented me on how I looked and I complimented her on how good she always looked. We made idol chit chat for the rest of the drive to her place. I called and made reservations while she freshened up and changed. What came out of her bedroom was truly a vision to behold, dressed in a black sleeveless dress down to just above her knee, black nylons, and black heels. The "V" neckline showed enough cleavage to be sexy yet tasteful. Around her neck was a double strand of pearls that dipped down just enough to bring a hint of attention to her cleavage. Her hair was pinned up she could not have looked better than in any of my fantasies.

At dinner we talked of what we had done since we had last seen each other and that kind of stuff. I was surprised at how well our sense of humor matched. We laughed quite a bit during dinner. The food was good I am sure. I still have no idea what I had; all I cared about was whom I was with. 

Some where during dinner she said; "Will stop calling me Miss Brown, I am no longer your teacher you know, well not that I ever really was your teacher, call me Darlene."

After dinner I asked if she would let me buy her a drink. She said a drink sounded good that she knew of this little place close by. It was indeed close by, a small yet classy place with a live jazz band. We found a table and ordered drinks and we continued to have a great time. We recalled that spring dance and I told her how I regretted dancing with her only once. 

She said, "Well it would not have looked good if we had." I had to agree with her. "Besides that cute little girl stole you away from me real quick," she laughingly said. I laughed along with her. "What was her name again?" she asked. 

"I don't remember really" I replied. 

"Ahhh! You are such a bad boy! She went through all that trouble to steal you away from me and you don't even remember her name? Shame on you!" she teased. "Well she isn't here to steal you away this time, so let's dance. You were a pretty good dancer if I recall." 

I took her out on the crowded dance floor. I lost track of how long we danced but I do recall the tempo turning down real slow and then there was that bit of awkward moment of continue to dance or sit. I took a chance and moved in close and she seemed reluctant but danced any way. I would pull her a little close now and then. She felt so nice in my arms. 

When the song ended the band took a break. Taking her back to the table I excused my self. I went to the DJ and slipped him a tip and went back to the table. I could see she was curious so I told her I asked if he could play a song for me; something I wanted to dance with her. I took her hand as the first notes of Europa sounded off and I could feel her tremble a bit, but she didn't hesitate when I pulled her up and to me on the dance floor. Her head was on my shoulder when I held her tight to me, and when she looked up at me I lowered my lips to hers. There was no shock, no resistance; she simply gave into the kiss by parting her lips as our bodies continued to sway to the strong and erotic music. I don't know when the music ended but we were brought back to earth by the applause of everyone in the place. Both of us a bit embarrassed she blushed and said lets go with a smile. At the car she leaned me up against it and kissed me again. 

"Not a word ok? Please don't say a single word' just get in the car and don't say a word." 

I got in and we headed out. I reached out in silence and she took my hand. I could tell she was nervous, and wondered if she could feel the same from me. I was not sure what to think but my hopes lifted when I saw her pass by my off ramp.

Parked in her driveway she turned to me holding my hand tight looking unsure of her self. I was about to speak and she just nodded her head no almost in tears. She got out of the car without a word and I followed. Once inside I turned her and kissed her again; her body melting into my arms, our tongues darting in and out of each others mouths holding each other tight.

Regaining our wits momentarily she pushed away from me enough to look into my eyes. 

"Look I love my finance, and nothing is going to change that" 

"I know..." 

"No you don't know, ok, last time there were other circumstances, this time I just don't want to have what "ifs" hanging over me," and with that we locked into another passionate kiss. 

My hands ran up and down her back but when I found the zipper she backed away and just took my hand.

She led me to the bedroom, there she kissed me lightly over and over again while taking my coat off and undoing my shirt. When she got to waistband she stopped and backed away leaving me to pull my shirt off. Then she turned her back to me and I took the sign to undo her dress. I slowly pulled the zipper all the way down. Slowly with her back still to me she pushed the dress off her shoulders and let it drop to the floor. There she stood in black lace matching bra and bikini panties black garter belt, black stockings, and high heels. Stepping out of the dress and kicking it to the side as she turned to face me again. Taking her body into my arms and her tongue into my mouth we embraced once again. I could hear and feel her deep moans as my hands ran from her shoulders to her hips. 

Gently setting her down on the edge of the bed, I knelt in front of her. I ran my hands up and down her stocking clad legs. Her hands caressed my face as I went to work on the garter snaps one by one. A broad smile of approval came to her face as I carefully undid each snap with out any problems. Slowly I lifted each leg and carefully rolled down each stocking not removing her shoe till I got to her ankle. Cupping my face with her hands, she kissed me as I reached behind her finding the hook to her garter belt and discarding it. I knelt there kissing her; running my hands up her thighs over her hip and up her ribcage over and over. Breaking the kiss gently she leaned back as I watched her hands slowly reach for the front clasp of her lace bra. Keeping her eyes on me, I stared in amazement while she slowly pulled back the lace releasing her beautiful breasts. Her breasts were not high and perky, but were full and round with deep dark large nipples. Gently she took my hands from her hips, where they had seemed to have frozen, and brought them up to her warm breasts. With her hands over mine she showed me how to gently massage her wonderful breasts, closing her eyes and tilting her head she moaned deeply. 

Dressed in only lace panties, she sensually scooted up to the middle of her king sized bed. Beckoning me to follow her, I climbed on the bed and lay next to her, kissing her deeply; my hand massaging her breast and rolling her nipple. Her moaning increasing as I kissed her neck then down her chest to take her hard nipple into my mouth. With a gasp she lifted her chest to meet my mouth, feeling my tongue on her sensitive nipple. Her hand running through my hair, slowly I moved to the other breast. Trailing gentle kisses between her breasts, I made my way down her midsection. Gently she lifted her hips allowing me to remove her panties. Once off, there before me revealed was the prettiest pussy I had ever seen. Full, yet not over protruding lips, above it a sparse tuft of well trimmed black hair. Slowly she spread her legs awaiting my next move. I was greeted with an approving "Oh!" as I lowered my head and began to kiss and lick her inner thighs. Her breathing grew rapid and her moans louder. Her fingers worked their way in and out of my short military hair, as my tongue worked its way in and out of the folds of her swelling lips. 

"Oh yes!" she moaned as my tongue parted her wet lips tasting her nectar. 

Her hips began to rotate, "Oh yes baby, yes, right there" as my tongue found her hard sensitive clit. Holding my head down with both hands her hips began to buck,.

"OHHH OHHH OHHHH YESSSSS OHHHH GOD YESSSSSS DON'T STOPPPPPP" 

She moaned loudly as my tongue worked franticly on her swollen clit. Her hands clamped my head down, her hips thrust up and her body stiffened.

"AGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG" 

She moaned deeply as a wave washed over my chin. Her body relaxing I lapped at her dripping pussy. 

"Ohhhh Goddd Stopppp Babyyyy Stop!" 

She begged as she pushed my head away. Standing up she put her arms out beckoning me to come to her. I went to her, my face still wet from her orgasm. 

"I need to clean up," I said as she went to kiss me. 

"You still have lots to learn baby," she chuckled pulling my face down to hers, kissing and licking me.

Regaining her breath she sat up and pushed me flat on my back. Straddling me she began to kiss my neck and down my chest. Stopping to kiss and suck each of my nipples as she slowly worked her way down to my pants. Quickly she undid my pants and grabbed the waistband. Lifting my hips in one swift movement she pulled my pants and shorts down. Pulling pants and shorts completely off taking my socks and shoes with them; she spread my legs and lay down between them. My erect cock staring at her; she gently wrapped her small hand around it. Gently she stroked as I watched in amazement. Slowly she lowered her mouth onto the head of my cock. Stopping there letting her tongue swirl around it. Her hand still gently stroking, she began to take more and more of me into her mouth. Letting her saliva run down my cock made for a sensational feeling as her hand started to glide over my hard member while keeping the head in her mouth. 

"OHHHH GODDDD," was my deep moans from me as she moved her hand and mouth up and down my manhood. Stopping with the head in her mouth she would increase the speed of her stroking then begin to bob her head up and down on it again. "OHHHH GODDDD I'M CUMMMING," I groaned, and she pulled her lip up to the head and franticly stroked my cock. She moaned as stream after stream of hot cum spilled into her mouth. My body relaxing she bobbed her head up and down several more times making sure she got every last drop. Gently stroking my softening cock she sat up and looked at me with a smile. Remembering what she said about having much to learn I did for the first time what has been a natural thing from then on; I sat up and kissed her tasting my self in her mouth. Breaking the kiss slowly I lay down to hear her sweet voice. 

"You learn fast baby, very good."

She sat next to me as I caught my breath, her small hand gently stroking my semi soft penis. 

Softly she spoke, "You had no idea did you?" 

"Of what?" I asked. 

"You have no idea how easily you could've had me that night at the spring dance." 

"What?" I stammered. 

"I could not bring myself to telling you or making a move, too many circumstances, but I would have given into you in a second had you made a move." 

I was stunned!! 

"Do you know how many fantasies I had of you, of you and me? But you were my teacher what chance did I have?" 

"That night baby your fantasies could have come true." 

"I had no idea..." 

"Shhhh, I know baby, I know, when it all ended I saw your car in the parking lot. I thought I might have a second chance, so I went to your car, ready to tell you to take me if necessary, but you were fucking Angie Chavez in the back seat." 

I was stunned. 

"I'm sorry..." "Shhhhh, baby, it was not your fault or mine it was the wrong time, but tonight we are here," smiling she leaned down and kissed me deeply. 

Rolling her over, I lay on top of her. Slowly she spread her legs and my body fell between them; my once again hard cock pressing on her mound. 

Rising up on my arms, "Would you believe me if I told you it was you I was thinking of that night?" 

Putting her hand on my face, "Ohhhh baby, no more of that night lets just live tonight," she said as her other hand slipped between us to my hard cock to guide me in.

"Ahhhhhhhhh" 

She drew a deep breath; closing her eyes as I slowly entered her. Hot and wet her vaginal walls felt as they welcomed me in. 

"Yessssssss" she moaned lifting her feet over my hips. 

Leaning all the way into her, I began to slowly slide in and out; my eyes fixated on the array of shapes her mouth took as she moaned and groaned under me. 

"Ohhhhhh babyyyyyyy pleassssssssssssse," she moaned, her hands on my hips urging me to quicken the pace. 

Her hips lifting to meet my every forward motion taking all of me in. Her head rolling side to side. 

"Please baby pleassssssssssse" 

She pleaded, her heels digging into the back of my thighs. 

"Ohhh Ohhhh Yessss Babyyyyyy," 

She groaned as my stokes lengthened and quickened. 

"AH AH AH AH AH AH," 

She groaned feeling my hard cock drive hard into her drenched pussy. Her fingernails digging into my arms; her hips bucking to meet my every thrust. 

"OHHH YEAH OHHH YEAH OHHH YEAH!" She screamed. 

Her pleasure accented by wet slapping sounds as our bodies came together. Her legs clamping onto my waist. 

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH GODDDDDDDDDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!!" 

I could feel her pussy muscles spasm, squeezing and releasing. In amazement I held my pose as her body arched and stiffened, feeling her every wave of pleasure wash over my hardened cock deep within her. Every fantasy of her flashed before my eyes in seconds and all of them together could not come close to the reality there before me. With a deep gasp her body slowly went limp. Eyes closed her breathing rapid and shallow.
