 I travel for a living. With the restraints of my job, there are only two things that help me get through: booze and porn. You see I'm a booze rep (no, I'm not telling what company). If you frequent bars enough you know what I mean. A crew of people come in and conduct giveaways while the bar runs specials on my product. I'm the MC. I conduct the giveaways and schmooze with the crowd. I'm accompanied by two burly dudes who are bodyguards and make sure the drunk guys behave around our five very hot and scantily dressed girls. It's a lot of fun but there are two rules that make it difficult. First, no sleeping with the patrons. Second, no sleeping with your colleagues. Since I work till the bar closes it leaves me little time to hook up. Thus, the porn.

Anyway, I'm currently in Jacksonville, Fl. Not a bad assignment since I live in New Jersey and it's early November. It was Thursday and they were kind enough to give us a night off. The guys were at the gym adding more muscle that wasn't really needed. The gals were out clubbing. They asked me to go but since I don't dance I declined. They have to follow the same rules as me. I'm sure they were looking for some hot studs to give them a good fucking. They didn't need me hanging around.

So I stayed at the hotel bar and ate some dinner. I was starting to do some serious drinking when she sat two seats to my right. She had shoulder length red hair and brown eyes. Her face was perfect and she had full red lips. She had a well-toned body with a full round ass. She also had big firm breasts as to which I was trying not to stare. I couldn't help but smile when I felt a stirring in my loins.

I noticed she was eyeing me as well; her eyes wandering down to my crotch. She smiled. I guess I should tell you what she was smiling at. While I'm not soap opera stud hot, I'm a decent looking guy. I've got short brown hair and hazel eyes. I also sport a reddish brown beard. I'm 5'11" about 200 lbs. While I'm not ripped like our bodyguards, I'm muscular and stocky.

"I'm Linda."

"I'm Jim." We chatted lightly for about 20 minutes the whole time my cock was semi-hard. And Linda kept glancing at it. Finally, she asked me about my job. I told her about it and the restraints on who I could sleep with.

"You poor thing," she said smiling. "How to you deal with all that horniness."

I smiled glancing down to her ample tits. "I find porn to be very helpful."

Her smile widened. "I love watching porn when I get myself off."

Whoa. I didn't expect that.

She leaned closer and whispered. "I love sucking a guy off while he watches porn even more."

I definitely didn't expect that. My dick was fully hard.

She grinned. "What I like most is getting fucked while watching porn. And judging by that bulge you'd like to fuck me."

"Hell yes. Let's pay our checks and head to my room."

When we got to my room we kissed deeply and our tongues entwined. I ran my hands down her back and rubbed her firm ass. She leaned back and removed my shirt. She ran her hands across my chest.

"Hmmmm. Firm with some hair. I like that. Order the movie while I strip."

I went over and picked a movie. I found a "best of" type movie. Two hours of nonstop sex. Just what we needed. I stood up and removed my pants and briefs allowing my rigid dick to breathe. She was fully naked now and her body was better than I imagined. She was firm and lean without being muscular. Her tits were large and firm and her nipples were hard. She had a well trimmed tuft of red pubic hair. She walked over to me and slowly started stroking my cock. I moaned with pleasure.

"Hmmmm, very nice. About seven inches. That's perfect. Big enough to fill me but not so big to hurt." We walked over to the chair and I sat down. She knelt down and started licking my shaft and head. Pre-cum oozed out. I wasn't gonna last long. It didn't help that first scene was lesbian scene. She looked up at me and then swallowed my entire dick. I moaned loudly as I felt my head tick her throat. I looked down and she slid two fingers into her pussy and started thrusting furiously.

"Oh yes babe. Finger yourself. Make sure you cum with me." 

She fingered herself faster as she deep throated me. I felt my load rise inside me and my cock throbbed in her mouth. She sensed this and slowed down on my cock while fingering herself. Soon she was moaning with pleasure. She stopped sucking my cock and I saw her buckle.

"Oh God. My fingers are soaked with my juices. Cum for me. I need to taste your cum." She started deep throating me again. I felt the pressure build and my cock throbbed. With a loud moan, I emptied my massive load down her throat. She swallowed every drop. She continued to suck me until I was completely spent. She climbed on my lap and slid her cum drenched fingers in my mouth. I sucked them dry. She tasted wonderful.

"That was quite a load dear. I almost couldn't handle it all."

I kissed her and said, "that was some blow job." I smiled and slid two fingers into her wet pussy. She moaned loudly.

"What are you doing?"

"Making sure your pussy is nice and wet when I'm ready." I continued to pump my fingers into her tight pussy. She was moaning. I moved my head over her wonderful tits. Her nipples were already hard. I put one between my teeth and started nibbling while also licking the end.

"Oh yes," she moaned. "Don't stop." I continued on her nipples, changing between them and fingered her harder. Her moans grew and soon matched those from the porno. Soon her body shuddered and a wave of cum washed over my fingers. My cock was starting to stir. I continued pleasuring her. 

"Oh my," she stammered. "Doggie." I pulled away from her tits and looked at the porn. Indeed some massive stud was fucking the woman from behind. My cock was hard again. I looked up at her and kissed her deeply. We got up and moved the chair forward so she could lean on it and we both could watch the porn.

When we were in position I slid my rigid dick into her pussy. It was hot, tight and wet. She moaned loudly.

"Oh God, it's perfect. It fits perfect. Fuck me. Hard."

I began slowly, feeling my cock reach the depths of her sweet pussy. I quickened the pace and pounded my hard cock in and out of her pussy. Soon I was fucking her with the same fierce pace as the couple in the porno. Our moans matched those from the TV. Soon she let out a loud gasp and I felt her juices wash over my cock.

"Don't stop, Jim, don't stop."

I had no intention of stopping. I continued fucking her pussy as my gaze moved to her perfect ass. They then moved to my cum drenched fingers. I slid them into her hole. She let out a yell that was a cross of pleasure and pain. I stopped.

"Surprised," she gasped. "No one has done that before. Don't stop."

I started slowly and increased the pace when she kept moaning harder and faster. Soon my fingers were pounding her ass as fast as my cock fucked her pussy. Her moans of pleasure grew louder as I banged her holes. I felt the pressure build in my cock. Soon she let out a loud cry and I felt her orgasm wash over my throbbing cock. Her juices washed over my cock and dripped onto the floor. I couldn't last any longer. With one massive thrust I exploded into her pussy. With several spasms I emptied my load into her.

I leaned forward and she turned to face me. We kissed passionately for a couple of minutes. Finally she pulled away and spoke softly.

"How long you in town."

"Ten days. You."

"Monday. But I'm gonna check out tomorrow and room with you."

I smiled deeply. "That's fine by me Linda."