 Our first meeting was incredible. We were both a little nervous. Me especially, I had never done anything like this before. We had been talking on the internet for months. Having the most awesome cyber sex, fulfilling my fantasies in such a way, even I never imagined.

He said he would be in town for business and would enjoy meeting me. Well crash diet, exercise and skimpy outfits (of which I tried on 30 a day). The fateful day came upon me, before I knew it. I picked my outfits with care and a couple negligees. I drove to the city and his hotel where he is staying. Oh my God, the butterflies. I chose my first impression outfit very carefully.

Spaghetti straps on a scoop neck line, cut low, black short cocktail style dress, that flared slightly, black stiletto heels, with black thigh high nylons, and nothing else. The anticipation, the drive worked me up to being good and wet by the time I valet parked. Thinking back of all the cyber sex fantasies we fulfilled, hoping he wouldn't be disappointed. The valet guys looked me up and down and took my overnight bag, to the front to a bellhop. I explained in a little bit of a shaky voice I was meeting a guest. I got the distinct impression they thought I was a pro. That made me stand taller and sway even more. He said to meet him in the hotel lounge. Since we had exchanged pictures, erotic and clothed, I knew I would recognize him.

Sure enough just after walking in, several heads turned my way. There he was, just like his picture sitting in a booth to the side, dimly lit. I walked over slowly as he slowly stood watching me. He licked his lips, and I smiled a very large smile. My nervousness disappeared suddenly. This was the man, who knew my body better than anyone. From all our get-to-know-you talks, to the cyber sex, he knew exactly, how I want it. And what makes me purr. He smiled just as large back tome. More heads turned to see whom I was smiling at, this made him smile even more.

I walked up put my arms around his neck and kissed him slowly, deeply. He returned my embrace. As soon as he did, I leaned into him sighing and a slight moan. Our kiss deepened as we physically explored each other's mouth. I become just dripping. My God. What a kisser. I knew the next few days were going to be full of pleasure on both sides, constantly. I told him I left my bag at the front desk. He seated me asked me to order anything and left to have it sent to his room.

The waiter came right over. As he took my order I could feel his eyes, looking me over. I could almost feel the waiter's lips on my breasts, he looked so intently. It made my nipples even harder. To know I had accomplished the look I was after. He returned, slid in next to me and started caressing my bare shoulder and upper back. I closed my eyes and softly moaned. We proceeded with small talk while we waited for my order. He leaned in a few times, just smelling me. I knew if I could smell my strong arousal, I know he could. He nuzzled my neck with little kisses, nipped my ear. That sent shivers all over me. Yes, this man knows my body and my body was responding strongly. Drinks arrived. I took my shot, then drank some water.

I leaned into him slowly seductively, my hand on his leg, moving ever so softly to his crotch. The tablecloth covered anything we might do now, and I am so turned on. I shuddered slightly, looking back to him again. I kissed him, softly, licking slowly on his lips, tasting the wine he had been drinking. He reached his arm around me and pulled me closer, my hand resting lightly in his lap. I nuzzled to his ear.....

'I am wearing nothing under this dress.' I then moved back to see his expression. It was mild shock. Then he smiled broadly.

'I expected as much. You did tell me you are always prepared.'

'Yes, but you said it was also your fantasy, to play for, awhile, in public. You said something about making me cum?'

'True but your cumming leaves a wet spot, mine leaves a tent.'

I quietly laughed as I spread my legs apart and let him pull my dress up slowly, lightly teasing me. I reached for his cock. And he stopped me.

'No my dear, this is for you, already you have fulfilled my fantasy, being here.'

Talk about a line, I ate it up. What the hell.

I moaned every so slightly as his hand brushed my pussy lips, causing them and me to quiver. I looked at him and smiled again.

'So, while your teasing me, making me even wetter, what shall we talk about?'

'Nothing...just look at me. I want to see all your expressions as I do this.' Suddenly he pressed a finger into my hole. I gasped. He smiled at me more.

'You are so wet, you want my cock don't you?'

All I could do was nod, as his finger did circle in my pussy. He thumb resting on my clit, rubbing it. He pulled his hand out, watched the room for a second, then licked his fingers. I was struck dumb, I couldn't say anything, but lean in and kiss him, so I might also taste me on him. My nipples stood up. As I kissed him and he returned the passion of the kiss, he pinched my tit causing me to moan into his mouth. We broke apart.

'I am going to make you cum and cum hard, right here. When you do, kiss me, let me have the cry.'

I never heard anything so erotic. Said directly too me. Mmmm, if this was the foreplay, our fucking was going to light the sky.

He turned my face to him, as his hand made it back to my pussy, playing with it. I took a napkin and set it under me, to drip onto it, instead of my dress and the seat. Didn't really want to walk through the hotel with a giant wet spot on my ass. Besides, I'll take the napkin with me.

He placed a finger at my opening, slowly moving, little in and out, then using his thumb again against my clit. He reached around me and ever so slightly pinched my other nipple. I scooted my hips forward to allow him more playing room as I moved a leg up and over his leg. He moved another finger in going deep as I moaned and leaned back with him. He nuzzled along my neck and shoulder, building a faster rhythm. I began moving my hips with him.

'Look at me, I want to see you cum, kiss me when your there.' I started breathing heavier.

'That's my girl, cum to me, cum to me now.' I couldn't hold back any longer I reached over grabbed his head on both sides and cried into his mouth as I came. He was relentless and would not stop, I tried to move my hips back to squeeze his hand out, he pushed deeper. As I went to grab his hand he stopped me, and shook his head no.

'I want you so wet, so you drip as you walk to the elevator. I want other men to smell you as we walk by.'

'I want to fuck you, please. Let's go up now.'

'Remember, I know you. You will beg me more before I am through and before we go upstairs. Another shot baby?'

'You asshole.'

'Yeah, but I'm your fucking asshole, aren't I.' He did have a point. He did know me and my body and what I really wanted was to cum again and again before leaving the lounge. No matter what I said, my body said something different. And he is reading it well.

We continued to sit in the lounge for the next hour. Three more shots and a bottle of wine for him, and four more cums for me. Finally he leans over nuzzling my neck.

'Think you can walk?' He says with a smirk on his face.

'Truthfully, I'm not sure. Legs are a little shaky. But I think I can manage. As long as I am hanging on to you.'

'Oh baby, you will be hanging on to more than just my arm, in say about 6 minutes.'

He slides out first, me right behind him. I grabbed the napkin, that has been under me all this time. I wad it up in my hand as I take his. He looks at me funny for a minute. I slip my arm into his.

'Wait until we are in the elevator. Then smell it.' As I handed him the napkin. He couldn't wait that long, as soon as we left the lounge, he brought it to his face. He looked at me and startled laughing ever so slightly.

'You do surprise me. I believe I will be keeping this.'

We get into the elevator.  He presses for our floor when he turns around I grab him by the cock and squeeze hard. Kissing him just as hard. He pushes me back.

'You know elevators have cameras.'

'Good.' I say as I reveal a tit to him. Watching his eyes, get big. 'So you going to suck this, or do I put it away.'

He grasps my tit and leans down to suck and bite my nipple. I bend back holding his head against me, moaning. He reaches down with the napkin and wipes my pussy. He stand back up, I put my dress back up.

'Love this smell. I can't wait to bury my face into the real thing.' The elevator dings on to our floor. He takes my arms and guides me down the hall to the room. Opens the door then lets me in before him. He closes the door, after putting the do not disturb sign out. Locks it. I casually look around the room.

'Very ni...' I never finish. His hands are all over me, ripping the dress up and off me. All I have on are my high heels and thigh-high nylons. I kick off my shoes and help him to take his suit off. Accidentally ripping all the buttons off of his shirt. Undoing his belt and zipper, to feel his throbbing cock in my hand for the first time.

I reach around his hips, pushing the pants and underwear down, kneeling at the same time. I suck in his cock to my mouth as I go by. He gasps loudly and I smile. Oh yes this is the beginning.

He pulls me back up. Kissing me we back up to the sofa. He turns me, grabbing and caressing my tits, his chest into my back. I lean into him as I look out the window to the view. I reach behind me and squeeze and stroke his cock. He moans into me more. Trailing his hand down my tummy to my pussy, tantalizing my clit. Teasing me all over again. I can feel his heavy breath on my neck and shoulder, giving me goose pimples everywhere. He groans one last time as he positions me over the arm of the sofa and bends me over.

'I have been wanting to do this since your first cum.' As he drives his now throbbing cock into me from behind.. I arch my back cry out as I cum all over his cock. He reaches and grabs my hair and pulls back, then slaps my ass as he puts his hand on my hip and pulls me back into him deeper, and harder. 

He thrust deep and holds, out to the tip, letting my juices flow out, then slam into me again. I move my hips up and down back and forth, trying to get him in deeper. He pulls hair more.

'Oh yes baby, fuck me deep and hard. More, harder!'

'I'll fuck you honey, this is only the beginning , we have three full days and room service. I'll fuck you til you scream for me to stop. I want your cunt yelling for my cock.' He pushes deep then leans over, puts his hand on to my clit and drives me over the edge. He can feel my cunt clench down on him hard, he stands up slaps me again. This time I my cunt chomps onto his cock, as he pushes harder deeper, he explodes inside me. Then starts pounding me hard. Holding onto both hips, pulling me in faster. Crying out as he continues cumming, filling my cunt with his seed. Both of us panting, starting, sweating, as he can't seem to stop, the ecstasy, pushes us on.

He slows down as I feel his prick still pulsing under his cum. My pussy still contracting. Finally he falls against my back. Both of us trying to breath normal, but still panting.

'Oh my God!' I exclaim.

'Yeah, the cyber sex is fine, but this....this was more than I really expected.'

'So round two will be in 30 seconds or less?'

'Oh baby, please at least five minutes.'