 We talked online for over a year. Sometimes we had serious discussions but mostly it was playful flirting. Occasionally we would have cyber sex, these would often leave me breathless and wondering if I should meet this man. He seemed like a very interesting man, a naval diver who enjoyed most of the same things I did. The horny girl in me wanted to meet him and fuck his brains out, but the sensible person in me knew that doing so could be kind of dangerous. Still he seemed to intrigue me more and more each day. One night I asked him what he thought sex would be like if we actually met. He said, “earthshaking”. That made me just want to meet him more, so I asked if he’d like to meet me. We talked about it for a month or so before we actually made the plans. 

He was going to be in Virginia Beach for a 4-day weekend, and suggested we meet there. We made arrangements to stay at the same hotel, it was right on the beach. I was fairly nervous, but when shopping for lingerie with my best friend and told her about my plans. She insisted I leave the name of the hotel and my room number with her and the day I was going to be leaving to come back home, I did knowing she wouldn’t tell anyone unless I didn’t return when I said I would. I packed my suitcase and loaded my car and headed off to meet a guy who I was very sexually attracted to. It would only take me like 4 hours to drive to Virginia Beach, and I was anxious to get there. 

When I got there, I checked into my hotel room and left a message at the desk for Sean to call my cell when he checked in. I went to my hotel room and began to unpack, and then I decided to take a shower and shave. I remembered that Sean liked a freshly shaven pussy, so I took extra care and made sure that all the hair was gone. Then I slowly rubbed in the peaches and cream lotion I bought special for the occasion. As I finished I heard my cell phone ring, Sean was on the line telling me he just checked into his room. “So how do you want to do this, should I come to your room or should we go out for a drink first? “He asked. I giggled nervously and told him I’d like to meet him by the bar. “ I will be wearing a black mini skirt with a red halter top”, I told him. “So what time should we meet?” he asked. I told him that I would meet him in 30 minutes. Nervously I hung up the phone and began to get dressed. I slowly put on my garter belt and thigh highs, spraying a small amount of perfume on them. Stepping into my heels, I walked in front of the full-length mirror, to examine myself slowly. God I look great, I thought to myself, and then I giggled, I had never thought that about myself. Slowly I left the room and headed down stairs.

I took a deep breath as I walked into the bar, and looked around. I saw him sitting at the bar and almost turned around and left because I was so nervous, before I could he came over and took my hands. “ Lets go get a drink,” he whispered, as he kissed my cheek. “ Okay,” I said nervously as I walked to the bar with him. Once we sat down and slowly sipped our drinks, I felt as though I was talking with an old friend. We decided to go out to the beach for a walk. We walked hand and hand for a while, and then decided to go back to the hotel. Sean walked me to my room and we discovered that we were across the hall from each other. “ Do you want to come in?” I asked shyly. “ You know I do,” he said quietly” I was waiting for you to ask”. I opened the door slowly and walked into my room. Sean followed me, “Are you sure??” he asked as he came in. Without thinking I turned and kissed him,” what does that tell you?” I asked. Slowly I began to take my halter-top off. My mouth still pressed firmly against his, my tongue began to tease his mouth so it would open so I could taste him. 

I turned him and walked slowly to the bed. I began to take his shirt off and kiss my way down his stomach, teasing him with my tongue. I unzipped his pants and began to stroke his cock slowly. Then I stepped back and slid my skirt down revealing my freshly shaven pussy to him. The garter and the stockings were going to stay on. I hadn’t put any panties on for a reason, so I could keep the garter on. I began to kiss him again, as I started to rub my thigh against his; I opened my legs and slid my hand between them. Slowly, I began to finger myself as I kissed him; I knew he enjoyed a good show so I told him to sit on the end of the bed facing the mirror, after he removed his pants. When he did that. I stood in front of him and began to tease my nipples and pussy for him. I lifted one of my nipples to my mouth and licked it slowly, then I turned around and bent over in front of him, so he could see my whole pussy as I fingered it. I watched his face in the mirror as I did this. There was an incredible look of lust in his eyes as he watched me, and then he began to stroke his cock. That made me want him more, so I turned around and got on my knees. At first I took his cock into my hands and teased it with my tongue slowly, his eyes rolled to the back of his head while I did this. I took the head into my mouth and sucked slowly, my hand still wrapped around the shaft I stroked it while I sucked it.

“Oh fuck yes”, he moaned as I worked my tongue down his cock. I took my other hand and began to tease his balls with my fingernails, slowly and gently scratching them while I sucked his cock. He grabbed the back of my head and began to show me how to suck his cock. I enjoyed it more than I had ever enjoyed sucking a cock, as he fucked my mouth I felt warmth between my legs that I hadn’t felt in a while. I felt cum trickling down my thigh slowly, I moaned into his cock. Then I took it all in, and he moaned loudly and pushed me away from his cock. “What’s wrong?” I asked. “Mmmm nothing,” he said as he turned me around and leaned me over the dresser. “ Now look straight into the mirror and let me see what you like,” he whispered in my ear as he did this. I did as told. He leaned between my legs and slowly licked my pussy, from front to back before he slid 2 fingers into me, and began to pump them in and out quickly as he licked my clit. I moaned as he teased me with his tongue. I bit my lip and leaned back against his face, and he teased me more. 

Then as my pussy began to throb around his tongue he licked my clit hard and stood up behind me. Sliding his cock along my thighs teasing me. Then he slid his cock against my pussy, teasing me more, as I bit my lip and moaned. God I wanted him to fuck me so bad. He sensed this and slowly slid his cock into my pussy, then pulled it out and stroked it along my pussy again. “I’m going to do something you said you wanted someone to do sometime,” he said into my ear, “if you want me to stop then tell me”. “ Mmmm okay” I whispered back. His hands moved to my hair and he let it down from the bun it was in. he stroked my pussy with his cock and stroked my hair with his hand then out of nowhere he grabbed a handful of hair and rammed his cock into my pussy. “Ohhhh” I moaned loudly.

“Are you ok with this?” he asked. 

“Yes” I moaned as he began to quicken his pace. He began to moan and thrust faster in and out of me, pulling my hair a little harder. With each of his thrusts my pussy tightened around him more as I felt myself getting close to a climax, my legs began to tremble,” Not yet my sweet,” he whispered as he slowed his rhythm. Unsure of what he had in store for me I closed my eyes and let myself just feel the heat of the sex we were sharing. Suddenly he pulled out of my pussy and began to tease it with his tongue again, I couldn’t take anymore, I began to cum. He moaned into my pussy and began to lick it faster and harder. 

Then he stood up and told me to lie on the bed. I moved to the bed and he stood above me, “stroke my cock for me” he said as he stood over me. I moved my hand to his cock and began to stroke it, my pussy still throbbing from my climax; he slid his fingers down and teased my clit slowly. I began to stroke his cock faster and harder; I wanted him to cum so badly. I took my hand off his cock, my fingers were sticky with my cum, I began to lick them, remembering that he liked that. He moaned as he watched me, and began to thrust his cock into my hand faster. He moaned loudly as he thrust one more time, as he came on me. He leaned down and kissed me slowly, then lay down next to me. We lay there for a while; not talking, then got up to take a shower together. I wondered what tomorrow would bring for us; guess I would have to wait until then to find out.