 The next morning I woke early. We had decided that we should spend the night apart, so Sean went back to his room after the shower. When I woke up my first instinct was to call him and see how he slept. However I decided to shower get some breakfast then call him. In the shower I kept thinking of the way we fucked, how it made my body quiver with delight. I knew I wanted to be with him again today possibly even several times. I finished my shower quickly and called him right afterwards.

"Did you eat breakfast yet?" I asked after he answered. He told me that he hadn't and he was about to call me. 

"Well I can order for both of us, what would you like?" I asked. He told me what he wanted and I called room service and ordered. A few minutes later Sean was knocking on the door, I opened it wearing a virtually sheer robe with nothing under it. As he came in I told him that I would be done in the bathroom in a minute so he could just have a seat. I'm sure he thought I was going to get dressed but that was not my intention at all. I was simply getting my damp hair off my neck and putting it into a loose bun on top of my head, I wanted to fuck him again before letting the rest of the world see him. 

The food arrived within minutes and I asked Sean to get the money off the dresser to tip the waiter. After the waiter left I walked out of the bathroom still wearing nothing but my sheer robe. Sean watched me walk across the room, his eyes fixated on my breasts, as they bounced up and down with each of my steps. I smiled coyly at his obvious stares. Slowly he pulled the chair out for me, so I sat down across from him. As we ate we watched the sun rise over the beach through the sliding glass doors that lead to the private balcony I had asked for when I reserved the room. I put my food down and slowly got up and walked to the sliding door and opened it stepping outside. 

There was a chill in the air that brought my nipples to a very erect state, but I felt warm inside. I called to Sean asking him to join me out here. He came out quickly and slid his arms around my waist. There were people on the beach already walking their dogs, out for the morning run, doing what ever they do at that time in the morning. A group of college age guys were running together and saw us standing there on the balcony. I slid up to sit on the balcony and wrapped my legs around Sean, knowing they could see me.

Slowly I began to kiss him and stroke his cock. I slid my robe down to reveal my breasts, firm and round as Sean began to move his mouth down to my cinnamon colored nipples. He began to lick, bite and tease them slowly as he moved his hand in towards my pussy. 

"They are watching us," he whispered against my breast as he continued to tease me with his hot tongue. "Let them" I whispered back as I let my robe fall completely off now. I moved my hand inside his pants and began to stroke his cock faster and harder. Then I pulled it out and moved to my knees in front of him. I took his cock into my mouth and sucked it to its full hardness quickly. "Fuck me now" I begged Sean as he stood me up and turned me around to face our audience. He slid his hand between my legs and made me spread them far, as he began to tease my hot cunt with his fingers. Two fingers worked the inside and his thumb worked my clit, making me moan loud as I arched my back.

Sean got on his knees behind me and licked my cunt slowly making my legs tremble. The crowd watching us got larger, first it was just 10 or so guys but now there were at least 20 men and women watching and cheering us on. Sean continued to tease me slowly then quickly he sucked my clit into his mouth and pumped his fingers in and out of my cunt fast. My moans continued to get louder and louder as I got closer to a climax, when I finally came Sean stood up behind me and rubbed his cock against my thighs. 


He eased his cock into my pussy and began to pump fast and hard. I began to scream now. The crowd below was clearly enjoying their little show because they were shouting, "fuck her good man" and "take it all bitch" as we continued to fuck where they could watch us. Soon Sean was ready to cum and he asked where I wanted his hot cum. "Mmmmm anywhere" I moaned loudly.

Sean pulled his cock out of me and told me to get on my knees in front of him. I did as I was told. He began to stroke his cock in front of me, telling me to open my mouth wide. I did as told and whispered to him as he stroked his cock in my face. Before long he was Cumming down my throat and the crowd below was screaming, "swallow swallow swallow" so I did it. I swallowed ever last drop of his cum. Then I stood and blew a kiss to the crowd and walked nude into my room. Sean stood dazed in the doorway for a moment, and then followed me into the room.

"That was amazing," he said as he kissed my shoulder. I giggled and told him that I enjoyed it too." What would you like to do the rest of the day?" he asked. I told him that I wasn't sure but I didn't believe the rest of the day could live up to breakfast.