 Hearing the click of heels beyond my door I know you are nearly here, hitting the sleep key on my laptop I begin to head to the door. Halfway there you begin to knock, and I make a dash the rest of the way to the door. Unlocking it, you yank it open and rush in closing the door quickly behind you, your long overcoat obviously concealing something. Turning away from me while removing the coat, I am in awe of what you have worn. I see the strappy heels I heard in the hall and my eyes follow up the black stockings, the tops of them come into view and only then does your skirt begin. The skirt is the tiniest of things, I know that sitting down the material could never come in between the seat and your ass. Turning towards me after hanging up your coat, I see the plunging cleavage of your tank top and the lack of bra straps.

When our eyes meet you finally speak, "I thought you could use a bit of relaxation with how busy and stressed you have been."

With that you squat, remaining on your feet but at eye level with my zipper. To remain balanced your legs are spread and unfortunately for me the skirt is long enough that your treasures remain hidden from view. One hand lands on my hip to balance yourself as the other begins working on the zipper of my jeans. You gaze up at me and run your tongue over your lips. With my zipper down, you reach in and find that as usual I am not wearing anything under my jeans. Smiling you pull my head out and squeeze my rapidly growing cock. Your lips part so your tongue may snake out and flick over the underside of my head. You roll your tongue over my head and take it gently into your mouth. 

Waves of pleasure course through my body and I brace with an arm on the wall myself to make sure I don't get too overwhelmed and fall. I watch your head slowly push forward and it feels so good that I moan out loud. I feel your mouth begin to move faster, and your hand begin to pump my shaft. I watch with great delight as your movements shift your skirt around showing bare skin in between the end of your stockings and the bottom of your skirt.

Wanting to change to a more comfortable position, you pull away from me. My cock comes free of your mouth with a pop. Standing, you walk away towards the living room, your heels clicking on the floor. Turning to follow I see the skirt barely covers your ass and the stockings make your legs look fantastic. 

You guide me to the couch, sitting me down in the center. Kneeling on the soft carpet you open my pants the rest of the way and pull them down to my ankles. You spread my legs as far as my pants will allow and descend on my shaft, both hand and mouth enveloping me. As your mouth works me over your free hand wanders up your thigh passing by the top of your stocking and vanishing under your tiny skirt. My head vibrates as you moan from your self-pleasuring. Mouth and hand relentlessly rise and fall over my shaft as you shake from the efforts of your other hand. 

Letting out one deep loud moan you stop, pulling yourself away from me and standing. I can plainly see the flush that has spread across your skin from your own activities. As quickly as you stood, you have moved away to my desk, bending over it to reveal the curve of your ass. As you continue to bend, more and more is shown until the bare lips of your pussy are in full view; perfectly framed with your skirt and stocking tops. I can see how slick you are and a wave of lust flows through my body. I am so relieved when you glance at me over your shoulder and motion with your head to come join you.

I couldn't have moved fast enough. I place myself directly behind you, kneeling on the floor. My tongue seeks out your lips and tastes the decadent treat that you are. You moan loudly and I hear your nails scrape across the surface of the desk. 

"Enough of that, I want you inside me." You demand out loud.

Standing, I gladly plunge myself into your depths, my entrance is made easy by the leftover moisture from your blowjob and how absolutely soaked you have been since before you knocked on the door. 

It has been long enough since we had last been intimate that it was a struggle against my primal urges to just get my instant gratification. I take hold of your hips, keeping myself motionless deep inside you. I let moments crawl by, just enjoying the sensations of your wet warmth surrounding me. 

You moan quietly and rock your hips gently causing me to ever so slightly move within you. Feeling the slick smoothness that is your pussy sliding over me, I almost lose it instantly. Looking down I see your skirt has covered my hands, the shaft of my cock is visible between the tight cheeks of your ass. I watch as I slowly pull out feeling your tight pussy grip me, stopping only when I feel my head about to pop free.

I begin to thrust, causing you to cry out with joy, as you push back against me nearly doubling the force of my movements. Stretching your arms forward you grip the edge of the desk hard as I continue to pick up the pace of my thrusts. 

"God, I missed your big cock!" You cry out as I bottom out inside of you and remain there for a few seconds.

"I bet you really missed when I do this," I say before slowing down so we both can feel every moment of each stroke in and out.

After minutes of these long slow strokes, you decide you want it harder again so you moan and look back at me to say "more," in a voice dripping with desire. 

Repositioning my legs for better leverage I am reminded of your stockings. The lace tops and the smooth material brush up against my legs and it feels wonderful. The aged wooden desk creeks with our motions.

Wanting a change in positions you stand up straight, causing me to fall free from you. You point to the wood desk chair that had ended up in the middle of the room in my rush to answer the door. Quickly moving over to it, I take a seat looking you over once again; the skirt had fallen to barely cover your ass once more, your thighs and the stocking tops have a shine to them from your fluids. You shrug the straps of your tank top off your shoulders and peel the top down over your breasts as you turn to face me. Straddling me, your bare thighs rest on mine, your arms resting on my shoulders, going straight back with your hands clasped, my shaft pressed up against the material of your top. 

I lower my face into your cleavage, kissing and running my tongue lightly over each of your breasts. My hands run up your sides pulling the bottom of your tank up, exposing your stomach and encircling your breasts. You moan and place your hands on the back of my head when my lips finally pass over a nipple. Holding my head in place, I play with the nipple more adding my tongue into the mix. You grind on me pressing my slightly slick shaft up against your bare stomach and skirt.

All at once you decided you've had enough and pull my head away. You rise up and grab at my shirt, yanking it off quickly. Lowering yourself back down, you brush your mostly exposed chest over my bare torso. As luck would have it we line up and the head of my cock parts your wet lips, you push down slowly only letting my head inside. You roll your hips, keeping the head just inside you and moving it around. The sensations on the tip of my cock hit me like a tidal wave, I can do nothing but gaze up at you passionately, pleadingly and allow pleasure to glaze my eyes over. 

Suddenly, you drop yourself the rest of the way down my shaft and I finally manage to let out a loud moan. In a flash, my arms are around your waist and I hold you there, breathing heavily and shaking with the intensity of the ride you just gave me. I place kisses all over your chest, which fall just below your collar bone but not so far down as to be kissing your breasts. 

You start using your well-toned legs to rise and fall on my lap, and at the top of your rising motion your tits are directly in line with my face. I suck on your nipples as they come close enough to be captured between my lips and they pull free each time with an audible pop on your down stroke - I love the surprised moan you make each time I capture one to suck on it.

Soon you are bouncing too fast for me to be able to keep up and your hands begin to grip my shoulders. I wrap my arms loosely around you with my forearms helping to support your back as you ride me. I do not know how long you are planning to keep up this fervours pace but I am willing to let you ride me until the very end of my stamina.

Riding me to my orgasm was not what you had in mind so you stop, bottoming out and grinding your clit against me. You pull my head back by my hair and kiss me deeply as you grind. Our tongues intertwine as we continue to kiss more intensely. Breaking our kiss for one long loud moan you decide to stand, my cock falling free from you slapping wetly against my stomach. With one step backwards you seem to shrink but all is answered when you sit on my desk with your legs so coyly crossed and lacking shoes at the end of them. I slide my chair up to the desk and you halt my progress by extending a stocking covered foot until it reaches my chest. You slide the foot down the center of my chest and end up stopping beside my cock. Your other foot joins it and I moan as the stocking material slides over my cock. Your toes curl over and rub my head, you even go and slip a foot in between my stomach and my cock and rubbing both up and down over my shaft. 

Letting out a sultry chuckle, you lay back on the desk supporting yourself on your elbows. You give my cock one last rub with your foot before drawing your knees to your chest and spreading your legs. Your thighs form a wonderful V for my eyes to follow and I draw the chair right up to the desk so my lips can follow it as well.

I start at your stocking top, licking, kissing and nibbling my way down. Reaching your pussy I begin to lick, tasting you on your thighs and lips before diving in for your pleasure center. You must not have been far away from your orgasm as it only took minutes for you to start to cum. Your thighs hold my head in place as you ride the waves of a well-deserved orgasm, and my hands which had been grasping your hips were joined by yours our fingers intertwining and squeezing.

The moment your thighs relax their grip and you fall slightly limp. I bolt into action, standing and while still holding your hips and your hands I swing you around so you are laying lengthwise on the desk. You lay flat as I quickly slip my cock back into your slick pussy and hold your covered thighs and legs to my chest. I start slow with my thrusts and watch your body rock gently on the desk. Watching your hands explore your own body turns me on even more; we moan in unison as you cup your breasts and flick your thumbs over your nipples. I continue to thrust getting faster as you continue to massage and squeeze your breasts.

Reaching up away from your thighs I slide my hands under yours allowing you to control the movements of my hands - I squeeze when you do, I rub the way you do but I make sure to catch your nipples gently in between my fingers every now and then to give them a gentle tug. Eventually you leave my hands to continue on their own and both hands begin their journey downwards. They quickly pass over the bunched up material just under your tits that form your tank top then sliding over your smooth stomach to encounter your tiny, flimsy skirt. You pull the skirt upwards with one hand giving me a clear view of our bodies union and place the other in between your lower lips. 

Two fingers slide down so they are on either side of my cock, feeling me stroke in and out, coating them with your wetness. The extra friction feels fantastic and I moan loudly, slowing my thrusts to enjoy it. When you feel your fingers are slick enough you pull them away and begin rubbing them over your clit. 

You buck and twist and lift your hips, constantly altering the angle of every stroke in you. I continually stroke and tease your luscious breasts as our eyes meet in a passionate stare. Our heavy breathing and intense gaze tell each other more than any words could, neither of us are going to stop until we have crossed that mind shattering finish line. 

Reaching it first you cry out and moan, arching your back so far that only your head and hips are in contact with the desk. You grip and pull the waist of your skirt and your fingers franticly rub over your clit trying to extend the feeling. I feel you gush, your precious fluids soaking our midsections; your insides grip and loosen as your pussy spasms in a deeper, longer second orgasm. 

Teetering on the edge of my own orgasm, you pull your legs back further allowing those covered toes to play with my nipples. You do this knowing that my nipples can put me on a hair trigger and I truly enjoy the unique sensations that your toes provide. Nature wins in the fight against my urge to stay in you forever and I tense up. I begin to shoot my cum deep inside you, gripping the sides of the desk to make sure I keep my balance. Your fingers that were lazily stroking your pussy quickly make their way to the sides of my cock feeling it spasm as spurt after spurt flows into you. I keep thrusting gently and slowly until I fall limp enjoying the feeling of your flooded pussy. Our fluids mix and my thrusts cause some of it to flow from you, filling the room with the most memorable smell of sex.

Stepping back I find and collapse into the desk chair; finally freeing my ankles from my pants, gazing up at your still mostly dressed sexy figure. Sitting up, you groggily pull your tank top over your head and toss it aside. Placing one foot on your knee, you run your hands down the thigh of your lifted leg to slowly strip off your stocking. You lazily toss the bunched up nylon and lace tube at me and repeat the process for the other... It is so erotic for me to watch you rub your legs this way. Finally standing you shimmy your skirt down over your hips, after lowering a small zipper on the side. Grabbing my hand, you pull me towards the bedroom, I willingly follow you to what is surely going to be a well deserved nap.