 Ted walked down the hall of the hotel looking for the room number, finding it he stood there for a few seconds. Patti had told him she would leave the door unlocked and for him to just come in. 

"Mmmm." he heard her moaning from the other side of the door, smiling to himself he could almost guarantee she was playing or touching herself. He was already hard for her, just the thought of being with her made his cock hard. It had been a tough day at work knowing she was just down the street from his job and he couldn't get off of work early. 

Walking in and quietly closing the door he saw Patti lying in semi-darkness on the Queen sized bed. The only light came from a small lamp on the dresser. She was lying there in a sexy little nightie, he locked the door. He watched as she rubbed her pussy through her matching panties.

Ted walked over to the bed, "Don't make a sound." he told her as he reached her side. She looked up at him. He quickly undressed and sat down next to her on the bed. Not even telling her hello or kissing her he reached for the hem of her nightie. "Take it off." he said as he ran his hand up her leg. 

Sitting up she quickly removed her nightie, leaving on just her panties. "Lie down." he ordered her. She did as she was told, lying there waiting for what ever he would do to her, he straddled her sitting on her upper thighs. "You were a bad girl." he told her as he touches her with the tips of his fingers. Oh he did want to just attack her and have his way with her, they had been separated for so long but he wanted to make it exciting for her. He wanted to make her beg for him.

"I..."

"Sshhh." he tells her as he reaches for her breasts, seeing her nipples are already hard. He could just imagine her lying on the bed pinching her nipples and rubbing her pussy through her silk panties. 

"Naughty girl, you just couldn't wait for me to get here could you?" he asked as he pinched her nipples hard enough to make her gasp. "Answer me?" he said looking at her. 

"No, I couldn't wait. I need to cum." she whispered as she watched him pinch and gently twist her hard nipples.

"I might let you cum." he told her as he leaned down and took her left nipple into his mouth, flicking his tongue across it he bit down on it.

"Ahhh."she gasped out at the stinging pain, he hadn't meant to hurt her and she had to admit she liked the feeling. Teasing her nipple felt so good, he moved away from her and just looked at her.

"Ssshhh, not a sound." he told her again as he lightly touched her. "I'm going to have my way with you." 

Patti knew he would never hurt her, she waited for his next move. Ted moved off of her, sitting next to her on the bed. He looked at her in the dim light, he teased her nipples, rubbing her breasts. She gasped as he trailed his fingertips down her body, barely touching her. "Mmmm." she moaned as he traced light circles around her belly button.

"Ssshhh." he told her as he reached the top of her panties. "You want to cum don't you?"

She just looked at him and nodded yes. "Do you think I should let you cum?" he asked as he slid two fingers inside of the waistband of her panties.

She didn't know if she should answer him or not, looking at him she whispered "Please?"

"Well, I don't know." he told her as he rubbed her bare pussy mound. He did love the feel of her naked skin. Spreading her pussy lips with his fingers he felt how wet she was already.

Patti closed her eyes and felt him slip a finger inside of her. "Ooohhh." she moaned as he gently fingered her. She raised her hips wanting his fingers in her deeper.

"How bad do you want to cum? Hmmm?" he asked as he started to thrust in her pussy with his fingers.

"Really bad." she whispered trying to remain still, loving the feel of his fingers inside of her.

"Do you want me to finger you hard and deep?" he asked as he pushed his fingers as deeply inside of her as he could. He watched as she reached for his cock. He wanted her to touch him so bad but he was going to make her wait to do that too. She was so wet as he fingered her tight slit. She reached down and took his hand, wanting him to make her cum.

Patti moaned as he continued to fuck her with his fingers. It felt so good to her. She reached for her nipples, playing with them, twisting them.

Ted watched as she closed her eyes, her breathing got heavier as he touched her. He loved to get her excited and he loved to make her cum. He was going to tease her and make her wait for it. Make her beg to cum. "So, do you think it's fair when we chat at lunch time and you tease me and get me all excited." he said as he rubbed her hard little clit with his thumb. "Making my dick hard, knowing that I can't do anything about it?" he looked at her, knowing he was driving her crazy.

"No, it's not fair." she said barely above a whisper. "I promise not to do it anymore." she said looking at him. She hadn't played in over a week.

She needed to cum, she wanted to touch him, suck his cock and make him cum.

"Do you know what that does to me at work, when you do that?" he asked her as he pulled his hand away from her pussy.

Bringing his wet fingers to his mouth he licked her juices from them. "It makes it difficult for me at work." he told her hoping she knew he wasn't serious. She had never had trouble getting his cock hard.

"Turn around, hang your head over the side of the bed." he told her as he looked around the room. "Where are the toys?" he asked as she turned around and got comfortable.

"In my bag, on the chair." she said as he walked over to the chair and picked up the bag. 

"Let's see what you have here." he told her as he took each item out of the bag and laid it on the bed. "Massage oil, nice." he said as he pulled out her magic wand. "Plugs into the wall, good don't have to worry about batteries." he said as he plugged it into the wall next to the bed. 

Taking out the two dildos he found a six inch one and a larger one seven and a half inches. "So these are the cocks you fuck yourself with in those videos?" He decided they would play with the dildos later.

"Yes." she said wondering what he planned on doing.

"Lie down and spread your legs, hang your head over the side of the bed."

She did as she was told, getting into position. All she wanted to do was touch him and suck his cock, feel his hard cock inside of her. She hadn't played with herself for over a week, she was so horny.

Ted walked over to her and stroked his cock, he looked at her knowing this was probably driving her crazy. He was going to let her cum when he was ready.

"Open your mouth, lick my dick." he said rubbing his hard cock across her mouth. He watched as she licked her lips and opened her mouth, licking his cock.

Oh god." she thought as she licked his cock, she had wanted to do this for him for so long. Putting her hands over her head she wanted to touch him.

"Nope, put your hands to your sides." he told her as he felt her slowly licking him. "Yeah." he moaned as she opened her mouth wider and he pushed his cock in her mouth. He grunted as he felt her sucking him, watched as she took his cock.

"Mmmm." she moaned as he pushed his cock deeper into her mouth, she wanted to make him cum. 

Ted was loving the way she was sucking and licking his cock, he reached for her little magic wand. He wanted to watch her respond to having this on her tits.

Turning it on he felt the vibrations, damn that did feel good to him. He wondered what it would feel like on his cock or balls. They'd have to try that out, he might even enjoy it. He slowly caressed her from her neck, down across her chest to her nipples. He watched as she jerked when he touched it to her nipples.

"Feel good?" he asked her as he slowly fucked her mouth, all she could do was nod. "Do it slut suck my dick." he told her still teasing her with the toy. He saw how hard the wand made her nipples. He bent down and took her left nipple into his mouth. Sucking on it greedily he bit down on it. He felt her tense up. "Careful, don't bite." he told her as he pulled away from her. "Suck that cock like the slut you are."

For several minutes Patti continued to lick and suck his cock, in and out of her mouth. He pulled his cock from her mouth. "Lick my balls." he ordered her as he continued to tease her with that magic wand. Working that toy across her belly, down to her pussy.

He could see how aroused she was getting, he knew she needed to cum just like he did. Reaching down with one hand he spread her pussy lips open, seeing how wet she was. She couldn't help but thrust her hips, she needed to be touched.

"Yeah slut lick those balls." he told her as she sucked on them one at a time, taking them into her mouth. God how he wanted to feel his cock buried in her pussy. 

He was going to make this last just a little longer, he wanted her almost begging him to fuck her.

Patti couldn't help but thrust her hips, she needed to get fucked so bad. Wanted to feel Ted fucking her. He was doing a good job of teasing her she thought as he caressed her with that magic wand. "Mmmm." she groaned as she felt him teasing her pussy lips with that toy. The more he teased her with it the more she licked his balls. Moving back up she took his cock back into her mouth, tasting precum as she sucked him. Bobbing her head she took his cock as deep as she could. "Oh fuck." she thought as she felt him slipping two fingers inside of her as he slowly teased her clit with that toy. Those vibrations were driving her wild and the better it felt for her the more she sucked his cock.

"That's it suck me." he told her as he felt her pussy tighten around his fingers. In and out he fucked her pussy, feeling her body jerking, feeling her wet mouth on his cock. Ted held that toy on her clit, wondering how long it would take her to climax. He wanted to be inside of her when she came. Her mouth was so good, she knew how to suck dick. Taking his fingers away from her, he threw the toy onto the bed. He watched as she reached for her pussy, grabbing her hand he stopped her. "Fuck, your mouth is the best." he told her as he pulled away from her. His cock slipped out of her mouth.

"On your back." he ordered her, she did as she was told. She turned around on the bed and laid there waiting for him. Ted leaned over her and he grasped her ankles, holding her legs up in the air. "Hold your legs back." he told her, she did as she was told. 

Holding her legs back as far as she could she watched as he stroked his hard cock. Rubbing the head of his cock across her pussy, he had to have her. Back and forth he rubbed her slit. "Oh yeah, nice wet pussy." he told her as he pushed the head of his cock inside of her.

"Yesss." she moaned as she felt him entering her. "More." she said looking up at him.

"Oh I'm going to give you more." he said as he took his time entering her and pulling almost all the way out. She was still so tight after all these years, he loved the feel of her pussy around his cock. In and out he gave her his cock, going a bit deeper each time. "Fuck!" he moaned as he went as deep as he could. 

"Fuck me." she told him watching as he slowly fucked into her. "I love your cock in my pussy."

Ted looked her in the eyes. "I'm going to fuck you." he said as he pounded into her.

Patti was breathing heavily as he fucked her, she wanted to feel him cumming inside of her. "Do it, fuck me." she begged him as she tightened her pussy around his cock. The harder he fucked into her the more she moaned, she couldn't help but get loud. "Fuck me baby, make your slut cum." she moaned as he grabbed her by her ankles and fucked her.

"You are MY slut aren't you?" he asked looking down at her.

"Yes." she answered looking him in the eyes. "I was such a naughty girl."

"Yes you were." he panted as he watched her reaction as he gave her his cock.

Putting her legs down Patti wrapped her legs around his back and reaching for him she pulled him closer to her. "Ahhh." she moaned as he went even deeper inside of her.

Damn he loved the feel of her tight pussy around his dick, it was feeling so good. "I love you, I will always love you." he told her as he hammered his dick into her. "You are MINE forever baby."

"I have always loved you." she moaned as he bent down and kissed her. 

"Ahhh fuck." he groaned as he felt his balls tighten up, knowing it wouldn't be much longer and he'd cum. He wanted to make sure she got off too. "Rub your clit baby."

Patti reached between them and she rubbed her hard little clit. She was feeling so good, she was almost there, just a bit more and she would cum. "Fuck me." she moaned over and over, the more he fucked her the more she wanted.

Ted was moaning and grunting and gasping as he pounded into her tight hole.

"Mmmmm, Oh God, gonna cum baby..." Patti moaned as she felt her climax hit her. Tensing up, her pussy tightened around his cock. "Cumming!!" she moaned loudly as she held him tightly. She was shaking and gasping for air, she watched as he suddenly buried his cock inside of her as deep as he could.

Looking into her eyes he came. "Ahhh fuck baby, cumming." he groaned as he gave her his load of hot cum. "Take it all." he said as he filled her pussy. 

Collapsing on top of her he held her, kissing her gently. "I do love you."

"I love you too." she said feeling like she wanted to cry for some odd reason.

She was just so glad to be back in his arms where she belonged. This weekend had been a long time in coming. She was going to do her very best to make it a good one.

"So how've ya been?" he asked a few minutes later he said looking down at her with a mischevous grin.

"Oh I've been good, and you?" she asked putting her arms around his neck and pulling him close for another kiss.

"Good, but better now." he said kissing her back as he moved off of her and pulled her close. "See, see what happens when you don't lock the hotel room door." he said teasing her. "A man just walks into your room and has his way with you."

"I know right." she said with a giggle. "But I do love that man very much."

"And he loves you too." he tells her kissing her sweetly.