 As soon as you open the door and walk into the room, I reach behind you to slowly close the door, careful not to look at you. Then I grab you by the shirt and slam you up against the door. Not hard enough to injure you, of course, just with enough force to let you know things are going to happen on my schedule. I see the amusement in your eyes before reaching up and pulling your neck down to me as I kiss you deeply, slowly. Yes, I could move quickly as we're both already excited for what's coming but I'd rather take my time with you. I deepen the kiss even more for a moment and let you explore my body a bit with your hands but that's the extent of what you're entitled to now.

I pull you along as I walk backwards towards the bed and spin you around to sit you down on the edge. I straddle your lap and capture your mouth again, moaning a bit at all the contact. Before things get too heated, however, I pull away and lift your shirt over your head. You stand up so I can unbutton your pants and slide them to the ground. And then I have you lie on your stomach, making sure you're comfortable. Your comfort is of the utmost important here. I remove my clothing and remain in bra and panties so I can go about my work without any restrictions. 

I climb onto the bed and kneel next to you before waking up your nerve endings by running my nails all down your back. You let out a soft sigh as I give a proper back scratch and then I settle into a massage, starting at your shoulders and working downwards very, very slowly as I locate every knot or tender spot and work there until you stop your gentle moaning. I can see all the tension leave your face and you submit to the exploration of my hands. I work down to your lower back and press firmly to work away the stress you feel there. And then I rake my nails down and around your ass and your head lifts slightly off the mattress from the current that runs through you. I massage each globe before heading down each hamstring with nails and probing fingers, down your calves which rarely get this kind of attention and finally I reach your feet where I plan to spend a few minutes working on the tender soles. 

I can see how relaxed you are at this point, but I also feel the rising tension in you, the anticipation of what is to come. I ask you to turn over onto your back and let you watch me nearly naked and slightly flushed from my exertions as I start again up at your shoulders, running down each arm, down to your individual fingers, squeezing, squeezing. I run my hands down your chest and press down on your pec muscles and you twitch a little, not from pain but because you see where I'm headed. Down your stomach I go, running my hands lightly across the skin until I reach the source of your true stress at that moment. I tease you by passing by and stroke your thighs but I know you're not interested in a massage anymore. I see the visible proof of it.

I reach for you, holding you already fully hard in my hand and revelling in the softest skin there. I lightly rub the ridge and you jerk a little. I barely touch you as I run my hand up and down the length of you and you try to remain still on the bed. As much as I like the feel of you, though, I have to taste you. I look directly into your eyes as I lean down and press my tongue to the tip of you. Your eyes darken and I love the immediate response I get from you. I slowly swirl my tongue around the tip before plunging down directly, taking as much of you as I can. I pause there for a moment to let the shock sink in for you before rising back up and dipping down again, this time humming a little to remind you of where my throat is.

I could stay like this forever but I know there is a goal to be reached. I reach up to rub your stomach one more time with my hands before placing my left hand firmly at the base of you while my right hand encircles you right below my mouth. I lift my mouth off you making sure you see the strand of saliva that bridges your cock and my mouth, making sure you're watching me closely. I sustain eye contact and wink before taking you again in my mouth and starting a languid motion of rising and falling, rising and falling, while my right hand mimics the movement of my mouth. In my peripheral vision, I can see your hands grabbing at the sheets with sheer might to retain control, to last as long as you can. With my hand still stroking you, I dip down to sample your balls, taking each into my mouth and gently sucking. I use my left hand for a moment to give a little tug before resuming my oral exploration of your sack. 

As much as I enjoy it, I must return to your cock. I must have what I want. I crawl over your body to kiss you with as much need as you have. I could stay there all day, punishing your mouth with mine but that is not today's agenda. I return to your cock where I place my dripping mouth back down your shaft and start pumping you with my mouth and hand in earnest now. I can see the muscles in your stomach jumping and I know you're close but I'm focused now and will not stop for anything. My speed increases as I'm driven for my reward, have to have it. I tighten my mouth and hand on you even more and the friction is almost setting us both aflame. I almost feel frenzied as I stare up at you and know it is close. Right then, a small sound escapes you and you pump everything you have into my mouth, as I drink it down, savouring the evidence of your lust, your completion. You've become sensitive now but I can't quite remove my mouth yet so I stay put, and continue to softly pump up and down while you finish convulsing and relax back onto the bed.

I know you're spent from your orgasm but I'm not about to let you simply laze about, so I move back up your body, lie across you, and nudge you into a proper snogging session. You're a great kisser and you know it. You tease me a bit by pulling back from our kiss, lightly brushing my lips with your own, letting your tongue flick out to lick my lower lip a bit and then start to kiss me in earnest. There is a direct line between my lips and clit and more we kiss passionately, the more excited I'm getting. I can hardly keep from squirming, you've got me so turned on. I feel as though I could cum just from kissing you.

I run my hands through your hair and down around your shoulders. I can't keep myself from pawing at you, while your roaming hands do the same to me. Your hand inches under my panties to stroke my ass and I wiggle up your body a bit in an unconscious attempt to line myself up with your stirring cock. I can't help but to press my pelvis down on you, I'm so bloody turned on! My mouth moves down to your throat and you squeeze my ass in both hands. I feast on your neck while my fingers trace the line of your collarbone on either side of my mouth. I return to your mouth before you flip over, taking me with you and pinning me to the mattress. I love the weight of you. Your kiss intensifies and your hands move to my breasts, outlining my bra, running along the tops of my breasts. Your hands meet in the middle between my breasts and you take the bra between your fingers, ripping it open and exposing me. I am panting now, loving the aggression I've inspired. Your mouth dips down to capture my left breast, your tongue swathing my nipple. Your tongue is slightly rough and I lift my body slightly in an effort to feel the pressure of your tongue more. You suddenly dart to my right breast and palm my left one so it won't feel neglected. You look up at me from your position and you look so fucking hot that I growl a bit.

You reach up to wrap your hand around my neck in a light choke hold and tell me to be good. I am surprised yet turned on even more by the force you're using. I've never felt more desirable or feminine before, as if I'm in the company of a powerful man. I yield to you completely and await any further orders. Your lips move down my stomach and I'm starting to tremble. Your lips reach the top of my panties and my inner thighs start to shake as the trembling doubles and I can hear my blood pounding in my ears. You can hear my apprehension, feel the heat coming from me, and smell the faint musk of excitement. You smile at me without kindness, a smile that lets its prey know the end is near. You reach down and tear the skimpy fabric off me, leaving me finally completely naked to your gaze. You look down at me for a moment before dipping your head down to run your tongue up the length of my cleft. I yelp helplessly and my hips rise up from the assault on my nerve endings. You pin down my hips and proceed to lick gently along my labia, getting ever-so-close to my clit. You plunge your tongue into my depths and I cover my mouth with my hand so my scream isn't heard on the next block. You establish a rhythm with your tongue and I am so overcome by everything so far that I explode all over your tongue. You ignore my cries and shaking and continue on as though nothing has happened. Again and again I cum from your exploration. And just when I think you're going to give me a break, your teeth capture my clit and I let go a strangled sound as I come violently once again.

You suddenly jump up from the bed, grab my ankles and drag me to the edge. Your finger replaces your tongue on my clit and I am unable to form words anymore. I just know I want you inside me now. I know you won't be gentle but I don't want that anyway. I want to taken by a man whose needs have overshadowed mine. You don't even bother to lube your cock with my juices, and simply place the head of it at my entrance and penetrate me as far as you can. I see stars and continue to as you pound into me without regard for me anymore. Your pace is not leisurely. You want to fuck me and not make love right now. I reach up to you trying to grab ahold of any part of you but you're too far away from me. You relent a moment and lean over my body while you drive into me. I hang onto your shoulders for support and you again reach for my neck, wrapping your hand around it and staring into my eyes. I am beside myself now, frantic with hunger. Just then you let go of my neck and press your open mouth to it, sucking and licking me there. You've just hit my sweet spot and I am pushed over the edge for the umpteenth time. My screams echo against the walls.

You're not done yet, though, and I now wish I'd never given you that blowjob, fearing that I will now die from all the cumming. I move to speak but you pull out and suddenly flip me over onto my stomach, raise my ass, and take me from behind. Mmmm, I whimper but doggy-style is my favourite position. I press my forehead to the mattress and take the fuck. You mutter something incoherently and smack my ass. I sigh as you do it twice more and I weakly push up on onto my hands so I can rock back into you with your every thrust. You are speeding up and I can feel you swell even more inside me. Unbelievably, I feel another sudden orgasm coming on and it hits like a tidal wave, taking me with me. I am senseless as I feel you pounding, pounding, cursing, and pounding. And finally, you jerk violently and I feel you cum inside me, splashing my walls. You continue to groan as you lean down for support on my back. You weakly pull out and we collapse onto the bed together.