 You enter what will be the last room you need to inspect and give the all clear to.

The key turns silently in the lock and you enter what is supposed to be an empty and already made-up room. 

At first glance it appears that it is indeed the case and that you need give only a cursory inspection as with all the others.

As you enter and the door falls quietly shut behind you, you see that in fact, this room is still occupied.

In the double bed before you is a naked man absentmindedly stroking his huge penis. You follow the line of his gaze to the silent images on the television screen, which weren't initially obvious to you when you entered. Your fear gives way to curiosity. 

*The adult movie on the TV shows a woman having sex with two men. She is on all fours and is being banged from behind by one man. Her mouth is being abused by the man in front of her whilst others stand to the side and watch.*

You're frozen to the spot as your eyes go back to meet those of the man in the bed. His face remains expressionless and his eyes distant as he makes no attempt to cover himself or stop what he's doing.

His eyes close as he continues to stroke his massive erection, which you realise you've been staring at intently.

The head of his penis is purple and engorged with blood as it glistens with each stroke. It looks as though his hand is gliding over his cock with the aid of oil whist his stroke neither hastens or slows. 

You still haven't moved from your spot just inside the shut door when his eyes once again open to search for your stare. You avert your eyes from his cock to meet his gaze. 

*The woman on the screen is now being subjected to a harsh fucking from a third male, having satisfied the lust of the first two.*

The guest's eyes once again close before you move easily toward him. You know you want his huge member inside you and so reach down to remove your knickers, which are already soaking wet.

You throw them to the side and move toward the man and his massive cock.

You slide two fingers inside your soaking wet pussy before climbing on the bed to straddle the stranger.

You hitch your short skirt up to your waist, subconsciously thanking senior management for wanting to ogle yours and other shapely legs and insisting on its maximum length for all female staff. 

Your legs are spread wide on either side of him as you use your hand to guide his rock hard cock to your sopping pussy.

Slowly, you slide down and impale yourself on him. You wince slightly both out of pain and already intense pleasure as he fills you completely.

The stranger groans as you begin to rock back and forth together. He is so deep inside you that already you begin to feel woozy; your pussy stretched in a way no man has ever stretched you before.

His eyes are still closed as he remains in an almost trance-like state.

You offer him the taste of your inner most sex by putting your pussy-soaked fingers to his mouth, which he gently sucks and tastes. 

His response is to move his hips upward to meet your strokes and thrust himself even deeper inside you.

Though he doesn't do so aggressively, the buttons of your blouse pop off as he moves his strong hands to your breasts. He exposes your breasts by simply freeing them from the constrains of your bra rather than try and unhook it. 

He squeezes and pinches your breasts and nipples as you go on moving back and forth over his manhood fucking him with a complete abandonment. Sex in its purest form. 

For the first time, you glance at the door and wonder almost hopefully in an absentminded way if someone might come in and see you. 

His hands then forcefully grab your bare ass and thrust your body back and forth over and against his cock, heightening your own sensations.

You clasp your hands to his chest and fuck him hard into the bed, meeting each stroke of his with your own force.

Together, you begin to cum. His cock slides in and out of your pussy, stretching you with each thrust. 

*He groans with you as you throw another glance to the TV screen to see the woman getting a shower of cum over her breasts and face from the group of men.*

Both of you close your eyes as you feel his hot shot of cum blast deep inside of your pussy. It's the final impetuous you need to peak with your climax and let out a near scream of lust.

You eventually collapse with your head on his chest, lying that way for an indeterminable amount of time, perhaps even both drifting in and out of sleep, but once never moving. 

Eventually you sit up, still impaled on his withering cock. He looks for the first time to be about to speak but you move your finger to his lips to silence him.

His still long penis snakes out of you as you move off of him.

You pick up your still wet, white cotton knickers and throw them to the naked guest in the bed who you've just had sex with and head for the door.

Slightly flushed, you fasten the couple of buttons still intact on your blouse and head out into the corridor. 

Now back at the front desk to greet arriving guests only minutes later, you feel the stranger's cum drip down the inside of your thigh from your spunk-filled pussy.