 "Quick nightcap?" he asked in the lift as they headed back to their rooms at the end of the evening.

It had been a long day of meetings, so the drinks in the bar had been particularly welcome. To be honest, Dave wouldn't have asked had he been sober, as he'd spent many a day admiring Debi from a distance, believing her to be out of his league. Although they worked together, they'd never really socialised. Debi was his boss, married with kids, but as she obviously looked after herself was difficult to age. Just over five foot two tall, she was no amazon but walked with a sway that caused the men in the office to watch as she went past. With shoulder length brown hair and dark brown eyes, she also had the charisma and dazzling smile that meant she would always pass for younger, and the men would find excuses to go to her desk for a chat.

"I don't know," she replied, "I'm a bit knackered." 

"Tea then. That can't hurt," he suggested. "Just to end the evening." 

"OK, but that's all you're getting," she replied, without turning to face him.

For a second he couldn't quite believe it. He hadn't been expecting her to agree, and certainly not to be suggestive. He looked over to Debi again. She was wearing a dark green dress, black tights and heeled shoes. Although dressed for business, the tight fitting outfit showed off her figure beautifully. He felt a stirring of excitement.

The lift reached his floor and they walked along the corridor to his room. As he opened the door he had a moment of panic about what he'd left lying on his floor, but as he came in it was all tidy. He'd left the bedside light on, but it barely lit the room.

"So, tea," he burbled, fumbling with the kettle, filling it with water and turning it on. 

As he did Debi walked over to the window, and stood looking out. He was on the ninth floor and the view over the city was breathtaking. As she lingered there silhouetted by the nightscape, Dave stood admiring the shape of the body before him. 

He ambled over and stood behind her. "It's beautiful," he said. "A bit like you."

She laughed, "I don't think so, but thanks anyway." He blushed at the corniness of what he said and was about to apologise, but then she moved a small step back, so her backside was brushing his groin. Suddenly he was aware of his erection, gently pushing into her. He froze, not knowing whether to move away or move forward. He could feel the tension rising. She pushed back a little more.

"Although it's difficult to concentrate with that pushing into me."

Dave couldn't answer. Although he'd fantasised about this moment for many months, it still felt unreal. For a moment there was silence, as Debi gently moved her hips, teasing him as he pressed in harder.

Hardly breathing he put his hands on her shoulders, touching the soft skin around her neck. As he massaged her shoulders, Debi reached back and tugged his shirt to move him in even closer. Nervously he slid one hand slowly forward down the front of her dress feeling the start of the swell of her breast. He stopped there for a while gently pressing her smooth flesh, as his breathing quickened and his excitement grew.

She leant back slightly and murmured, "I'm not sure we should be doing this. It can't end well."

He paused, his fingers still stroking her soft skin inside the dress. "Do you want me to stop?" he asked.

Debi put her hand over the top of his and gently pulled it down further so he was now touching her bra. "I don't think so."

Dave toyed with the lacy material of her bra, pulling it away from her chest. As he reached her nipple. Debi gave a small groan and leant her head back onto his chest. He rolled it between his fingers, feeling it stiffen. He played for a while and then cupped her entire, full breast in his hand, squeezing it gently.

Debi moved to make it easier for him to reach, whilst using her hand to rub his leg and then reach round to his backside. She pulled him closer. "No good will come of this, but I need this really badly."

Pulling his hand out he kissed the back of her neck, and took hold of the dress zip. She lifted her hair up to make it easier for him. Slowly he pulled the it down, kissing and licking her back as he did, skipping over her black bra strap until he reached a small tattoo above her knickers and the beautiful ass he had admired so much. Nervously he put his hands inside her dress on her shoulders, moving them slowly outwards to push the dress off until it fell to the floor.

He couldn't help gasping as he looked at her beautiful olive skin against her black bra and knickers. The black tights turned out to be stockings, revealing just the tops of her thighs above the blackness. The knickers were lacy and thin, leaving little need to imagine what lay underneath.

"I think you should lose your trousers at least, just to make it fair" Debi said, in a smooth, seductive voice. 

Dave didn't need to be told twice and quickly undid his belt, pulling his trousers down before kicking them away. He swiftly resumed his position pressed against her bum, but this time was able to feel his dick pressing in further through the thin material of her lace panties. He reached around to stroke her stomach, enjoying the fact he could see her reflection in the window.

"Now that's a view," he murmured, as he ran his fingers along the top of her knickers, across her flat, toned tummy.

She raised her arm to caress his head, closing her eyes.

"It's yours to do with what you will."

Without needing a second invitation he pulled his t-shirt off, then reached around to hold her breasts, squeezing them through the thin, black material.

"You can get them out if you like," she laughed, grinding her backside against his erection.

With trembling hands he undid her bra, letting it fall to the floor. He began to fondle her breasts again, admiring their ample size and shape in the reflection in the window. Her legs squirmed as he squeezed, and she grabbed his dick through his underwear, fondling it.

Eventually she turned to face him. He still couldn't get over how attractive she was. With her body pressed against his he felt he could have stayed there forever just getting lost in her deep, brown eyes.

Slowly he lowered his head to her lips, brushing against them as stroked her back moving his hands down to her backside. He could feel her warm breath on his mouth as he teased her.

"Fuck this," she said, pulling his head forward and her lips on to hers. Passionately they kissed, his tongue deep in her mouth as his hands explored her body. 

He squeezed her ass, going to the outside of her thighs and playing with the material of her knickers, pulling it away from her body. He then held the sides, starting to push them down then pulling them back up again.

"Do it," she demanded, beginning to get desperate herself. She now just wanted him inside her and could hardly wait any longer.

Dave smiled. "No rush."

Gently and slowly he pulled her knickers down, revealing her dark pubic hair. 

Further the knickers came down, over her smooth, soft thighs until she could step out of them. Now she was naked apart from the stockings. 

"I ain't got time for this," she said as she pushed him to the bed, causing him to fall back. Without pausing she tugged his pants down, revealing his hard, bobbing erection. She licked her lips. 

Dave closed his eyes as she kissed his dick, using her tongue to tease him. As she took him into her mouth, the warm pleasure of it caused him to groan out loud. As much as he wanted her to continue, he knew if he did it would all end too soon, so he gently pulled Debi up towards him.

She kissed him hungrily as she lay on him, wriggling to position herself. He pushed her back and she sat up slightly, giving him the chance to lick her full breasts, and then nibble her nipples in his teeth. His hands drifted down her sides, reaching to pull her forward onto him.

Debi groaned as he penetrated her slowly, pushing back to get maximum feel. She began to move backwards and forwards, her breasts swinging just above his mouth. 

She sat up to allow his hands to squeeze them harder. Her small nipples were pointed and pink, framed by sensuous, circular areolas. Hungry now she moved her hips faster, small moans escaping her mouth as she lost herself in the moment.

Suddenly Dave pushed her off, and she rolled onto her back. She was close now. 

"Pleeease," she gasped.

He looked down, admiring her tanned body, the curves, the full breasts. Her stockings adding to the erotic view. 

"I said, no rush. I want the full effect." 

He pulled each stocking off, so now she was completely naked, and as he stared at her breasts, down her tummy and lingering over her sex she self-consciously put her hands over mound, covering up.

"Bit late for that now. Put your hands above your head," he demanded, enjoying the feeling of power. She gazed at him then slowly moved her hands away, exposing everything to him and laying submissively in front of him.

"Just do it..." she gasped.

Instead he pushed her legs apart, kissing her stomach, then skipping what she wanted by kissing the inside of her thighs He could smell her now, and she writhed on the bed as he moved closer to her sex.

"Now," she said grabbing his head and pulling him up to kiss her lips. His penis toyed at her hole, and he moved his thighs just to tease her.

"Now!!" she said more loudly, pressing his backside down so he moved inside her, feeling the warmth of her vagina clasp his erection. Now he too was lost as together they moved, her knees lifted back, him pressing and moving.

He thrust harder and faster until she threw her head back, moaning with pleasure as the orgasm washed over her. He came at the same time, feeling the pressure build until he exploded inside of her, his moment of ecstasy complete.

After as they lay panting on the bed, she looked deep into his eyes. At that moment he was blissfully happy.

"You could have taken your socks of," she said looking down.

"Yes but then I'd have folded them and you'd think I was a dick," he said, and laughed.