 She rode in the car, full of nervous anxiety. The night sky was dark, the moon and stars hidden behind thick clouds. He had adjusted the dashboard lights down so that the only light in the car came from the occasional passing auto. In those brief instants she saw his mischievous grin etched within his strong yet boyish features, making her wonder what exactly he had in mind.

It seemed to take forever to reach their destination. During the ride her mind busied itself with memories of their short make-out sessions over the past weeks that had led up to this evening. She felt her blood warming, her face blushing slightly.

Finally they pulled into the hotel. He steered the car to a parking spot right outside the room. Opening her door he waited for her to climb out and step past him so his hand could cup her denim encased ass.

Once in the room she turned, tried putting her arms around him, rising up on her toes, her lips lifting toward his. But he stopped her.

"Uh-uh," he whispered, his eyes sparkling with mischief. "Not so fast, Sweetie."

Indicating that she should stay where she stood he walked over to a chair while tossing his jacket aside.

"Undress," he told her, taking a seat. "Slowly."

He had set the room's lighting so that he was in shadow while she was brightly illuminated. Staring into the darkness engulfing him she felt extremely vulnerable, unsure of herself, or exactly what to do, and so she did not move right away.

"Nothing fancy, just undress," he seemed to understand her concerns. "The top layer, leave the bra and panties."

Feeling only slightly more comfortable she removed her jacket and tossed it on top of his, then her blouse. The room was a little chilly and the cold air caused her nipples to stiffen, pressing at her bra. Somehow this helped her nerves slightly and her hands shook a little less as she pulled her shoes and socks off. Lastly she undid her jeans. Working them down her thighs her hands steadied even more. When they were added to the pile as well she straightening up, waiting in only her lacy undergarments. She felt his eyes travel over her body, felt them crawling across her abdomen and up over her breasts, displayed by her light pink bra. She felt them slithering down over her hips to dip between her legs where her matching panties hid her sex. At just over five foot her petite frame was complimented by her luscious curves. Her long auburn hair framed her almost elfin features. The exposure made her insides stir intensely. She wanted to move, wanted to say something, to break the anxious silence. But she did not. Instead she remained quiet and still, feeling the chilly air conflict with her warm flesh.

"Now come here and help me undress," he finally said.

Obediently she crossed the small space that separated them and helped him with his shirt. Then, at his indication, she dropped to her knees to remove his boots and socks. After his pants were undone he raised up off the cushion and she pulled them off too. When he was also down to only his underpants she knelt before him, lightly caressing his thigh, her eyes on his crotch and his hidden, semi-erect cock. Her tongue absently slid across her lips.

He reached out, his fingers touching her cheek, tracing her jaw line. A couple digits settled beneath her chin and applied a light pressure, causing her to look up as he leaned forward.

Their lips met. They kissed, their lips gently connecting and parting several times before joining and holding. Their tongues slid past their lips to swirl against each other. Without breaking the passionate kiss they slowly stood up, pulling the other's body into their own, pressing their flesh together. He stood a foot taller than her and so she lifted up on her toes. She mashed her breasts against him, felt him rubbing his growing member against her.

Moments later they broke their kiss to move onto the bed. He had her lie on her stomach, her ass curving up, the small of her back dipping down. Instinctively her legs parted slightly. He laid next to her, his fingers lightly dancing across her back. He kissed her shoulder, his lips pressing gently to her flesh. A warmth flowed through her. Sighing, she closed her eyes, allowed her head to settle heavier onto her crossed arms. For several long minutes his fingers danced across her flesh, slipping over and over her back, dipping down along her sides, tracing her ribs and the indent of her waist. He kissed her shoulder, leaned across her to kiss the other as well as her neck. She sighed some more, the combination both relaxing and stimulating her.

His fingers slid down across her lower back, then up onto her panties. They caressed her ass through the lace. She felt a dampness inside her, her legs reflexively spreading open a little wider.

He shifted beside her, repositioned himself so that his fingers could reach further down along her body, down onto her legs. This also allowed him to kiss further down her back. Between the kisses she felt his tongue flickering across her flesh as well. The new, dirtier action added to the heat building inside her. His fingers tickled their way down both her legs, caressing her thighs and calves. He settled back, resting onto the mattress again. His fingers concentrated on her inner thighs, lightly brushing back and forth over her sensitive flesh, causing her legs to open a little more. His lips were centered on the small of her back and very top edge of her ass where her panties did not reach. The occasional flicker of his tongue continued to interrupt his light kisses. Laying there, under his attentions, she grew hotter. Her passions were stoked. She felt her embers heating up, felt them starting to glow within her loins. Her crotch grew damp, her legs spreading even more. His fingers slipped near that dampness several times, slid teasingly close to it, only to retreat at the last moment.

Eventually he raised himself up to softly whisper in her ear, telling her to roll over. When she did she found him hovering above her, his eyes staring into hers. He leaned in. Their lips met again, their tongues swirling. She wrapped her arms around him, tried to pull him down against her. But he refused, keeping his body suspended inches above hers. She whimpered her desire into his mouth.

"Just lay back and enjoy it," he instructed her as they parted a moment later.

His fingers danced again, this time across the front of her torso. Her abs quivered under their delicate touch. His lips and tongue became busy again as well, nibbling at her neck and kissing the flesh of her upper chest. He gave her front the same treatment he had given her back, taking his time, touching nearly every single inch of her bare flesh. Keeping to the outer edges of her garments he teased her with the repeated possibility of having her covered parts caressed. His lips brushed at the flesh swelling out from under her bra then slowly worked down to where they could trace the top edge of her panties. He added a third attack then, his teeth nipping at her flesh with quick, sharp tugs. His fingers delved onto her inner thighs, dancing and playing across her skin, drawing little circles mere centimeters from the bottom edge of her panties.

Her parted legs scissored slightly upon the bedspread, opening further, announcing the fires that had ignited from her embers. Her dampness seeped into the lace of her panties, creating a visible wet spot at her crotch.

Gradually he kissed his way back up her body, his tongue flickering across her abs, his teeth nipping. She whimpered quietly as his tongue licked her breasts along the very edge of her bra. He chuckled lightly in response, letting her know he was aware of his teasing. Warm air wafted through her loins, fanning her desire.

"Are you enjoying this?" He asked, looking down into her eyes.

"Mm-hmm," she nodded, returning his gaze.

"Lift up," he whispered, his hand coming up from her thigh to pull at her shoulder.

She rolled herself up on her side and his hand slipped behind her to unclasp the bra. Together they worked the straps down her arms then tossed the garment away. She laid back again. His fingers dipped between her legs, returning to their caresses at the edge of her panties. This time when his mouth moved across her chest it had no guide to follow and so he kissed and licked her exposed breasts; first one, then the other. Working inward from the outer edge of each fleshy mound he moved ever closer toward its nipple, getting nearer and nearer to the swollen nub with each pass. Each time he neared one of the delicate tips, her chest would lift, offering it to him. But then he would pass it by, his lips and tongue moving away to approach the other. Finally his mouth did close upon one, covering the hard nub with its wet embrace. He suckled lightly upon the breast, his tongue swirling across her nipple. She moaned, her back reflexively arching slightly, raising her up to feed him more of herself.

One of her hands came up and settled firmly on the back of his head, holding it against her breast. Her other hand slid down between them, searching out his crotch and rubbing at the rigid shaft she found there. She moaned out, her breathing heavy, panting past her open lips. As he alternated between her breasts, suckling and licking at one swollen nipple, then switching to the other, her hand applied pressure to the back of his head. When she sensed he wanted to pull away and move to the other the pressure lessened.

Her legs had now spread themselves wide. They scissored across the bedspread. Her hips shifted and slid, rolled gently as they tried to make his teasing hand connect with her sex. At first he kept it from happening, his fingers caressing her inner thigh, tickling her flesh. But then he allowed his hand to slip up to the place where her legs molded into one torso. He cupped the damp spot over her sex, his fingers pressing at the pussy under it, the heel of his palm bumping against her clit. Instantly her hips jerked upwards. She moaned loudly. Her fingers grabbed at his shaft through his shorts and tugged hungrily.

"You're really enjoying this," he snickered, leaning up to look at her once more.

"You're wicked," she informed him.

"It's fun," he admitted. "Roll back over, I want to play with your ass."

He then pulled his hand away from her sex, causing her to whimper with the loss. He settled back on an elbow to wait while she pulled at his cock a few more times before letting go. As she rolled onto her stomach, her legs instinctively spread themselves, her knees bending slightly, pressing down against the mattress. He slipped into the space between them, his hands reaching out to cup her curved orbs. His fingers gently squeezed her cheeks, scratched at her panties.

"Mmmm," she sighed, her hips rolling before him.

Leaning forward he inhaled the scent of her wetness. His tongue slithered out to trace the edge of her panties, caressing her flesh again and again. While he did, his fingers worked to pull the material inward, bunching it all in the center so he could shower her bared cheeks with kisses and sharp little nips. His manipulation of her panties had also bunched them at the front. He pulled and tugged at them, made them rub at her sex, crammed them between her protruding lips. Coupled with everything else, this stoked her passions to new levels. Her wet pussy quickly grew wetter. She whimpered needily.

After a few more minutes he pulled the panties down her legs, and off. His hands then covered her ass, pulled her cheeks apart. His wet tongue reached out, slowly crawling down to her puckered sphincter. It swiped across the clenched opening, caressing the nerve endings. Reflexively she raised up, a muffled groan coming from her. He swirled his tongue in circles around the little opening while steadily applying more and more pressure to its center. She whimpered with each swipe and push, panted as they electrified the nerves and fueled her hunger. An orgasm was awoken within her, was pulled toward the edge of its release. Her body broke out in a thin layer of sweat caused by her raging fires. Soon her knees were scooting forward, bending under her to raise her ass up and push it back at him.

Suddenly his tongue swooped down from her brown hole to lap at her glistening pussy. Her hips jerked spastically before him, they shoved her back at him forcibly. Sitting back on his knees he grabbed her waist and flipped her over. As she moved to resituate herself he dropped forward again, his face diving between her legs, his tongue attacking her clit.

"Oh," she moaned, her hands grabbing at the back of his head, her hips bucking upwards.

He locked his mouth over the swollen button, swirling his tongue over it. She squirmed before him. Her orgasm was drawn closer to its release. Her fingers became entangled in his tresses. Her back arched, lifting her from the mattress.

"Oh God yes," she whimpered, her orgasm teetering on the brink. "God yes."

He closed his teeth on her clit, gently held it between them while his tongue rapidly swiped back and forth. Her climax exploded through her. Fireworks cascaded in her mind, her body twisted and twitched as a series of explosions rocketed along her nerves. Her back arched high off the bed. Her hips drove at his face.

"Oh God yes, God yes," she cried out over and over, her hands shoving his face into her crotch.

As her orgasm subsided moments later she laid back, panting heavily. Her legs were spread wide, the bedspread stained by her juices. Her body shimmered with sweat. Her breasts rose and fell with her labored breathing, the fleshy mounds topped by swollen, red nipples. Her disheveled hair covered half her face, her mouth hung open. From beneath shaded lids she saw him kneeling above her. She felt his fingers on her again, this time at the side edges of her glistening pussy with its puffy lips. He stroked her flesh, his finger tips playing in her wetness.

"That felt good, didn't it?" He whispered.

She nodded weakly.

"Now your pussy's all wet and hungry. It wants something," his hand shifted and two of his fingers slid into her.

"Oh God," she moaned, her hips rising reflexively, her head lulling to the side.

Grinning down at her, he slowly began finger-fucking her, pushing the digits in and out of her rhythmically.

"Feels good, doesn't it?" he hissed. "Having something inside you? Fucking you."

"Oh yes," she rasped.

"You want my cock in you? You want me to fuck your wet, little pussy?"

She shifted to look down at his waist. He had removed his shorts and his cock stuck out, rigidly pointing at her. The sight of it made her body quiver.

"Yes," she sighed.

He pulled his fingers from her. She whimpered sadly. He moved forward, positioned himself above her. He guided his hard cock toward her hungry opening, rubbed the tip of it up and down her pussy a few times before placing it at her hole and sliding forward. His shaft slowly penetrated her. Inch by inch it filled her aching sex.

"Oh," she sighed breathlessly, raising her pelvis to his and grinding against him.

He pulled back, withdrew part of his cock. He slid forward, reinserted it all. Her arms reached up around him. Her nails scratched at his back. Her hips rose and fell with his, fucking herself onto his cock. Together they moved; rocking, humping. Their pace steadily increasing. Soon she felt another orgasm being awoken within her. She lifted up, buried her face into his chest and whimpered. Her body twitched beneath him, announcing the approaching climax. He slid himself into her smoothly a few more times, then suddenly slammed his hips forward. Drove his cock into her.

"Oh God yes," she exclaimed.

He pulled back. Rammed forward. Again and again he did this, each time thrusting into her fiercely.

The orgasm exploded inside her. More fireworks filled her mind. Electricity jolted along her nerves. She moaned into his chest. Her legs snapped around his waist, locking her to him, melding her crotch to his. The hold was so tight that he could only rock his hips with her, not at her, as her body shuddered through a long series of climatic spasms.

Once it passed, her legs loosened their hold and he began moving at her with a little more vigor again. But after only a few times he stopped completely. Surprised, she looked up at him from under her heavy lids. Grinning he pulled back and out, completely removing himself from her.

"You know I love your ass," he said. "Now roll back over."

A shiver ran through her as the implications of his words sunk in. Filled by nervous excitement she did as told, raising her ass to him on bent knees. He dipped a finger into her sex, rolled it around to get it well coated. His other one hand pulled her cheek aside. Her crack was wet with the juices that had run down from her pussy. He pressed his finger to her sphincter, made small circles with it as he pushed at it. The combination of her juices allowed it to easily penetrate her, slipping smoothly past the tight opening and into her anus. Working the digit around he rolled it in ever widening circles, stretching her open more and more. Soon he added a second finger, working the pair as he had the one.

"I'm going to fuck your beautiful little ass," he groaned.

Her body had quickly adjusted to the anal assault and she pushed back at the fingers, moaning hungrily. He needed no further encouragement. His fingers slid from her. He jammed his cock back into her pussy to move it around and coat it with her wetness. Then he once more pulled out, this time so he could place the tip against her sphincter. Applying pressure he steadily pushed himself into her ass. When he was mostly inside her, he held still for a moment, allowing her to grow accustomed to the shaft filling her rectum. Pulling back, he withdrew part of it. Then he slid his hips forward again. His cock slipped in and out of her ass, pumping past her clenching anus. His hands grabbed onto her hips, holding her as he pushed himself into her, building up a deliberate, rhythmic fucking motion. Her body rocked with him, meeting his every thrust.

"Oh God. Oh God yes." she moaned, pushing her ass back onto his cock. 

"Oh yea," he agreed. "You like it. You like my cock in your hot little ass."

The growing rhythm had affected him. He felt his own climax nearing. He picked up momentum until he was no longer simply fucking her ass, but pounding into it. His hands gripped her hips firmer, clamping down tightly.

"I'm going to cum in your ass, in your dirty little ass," he growled.

He rammed himself into her, the force shoving her across the bedspread, pushing her toward the headboard. He thrust himself forward again and again. He did so one last time. He crammed his crotch against her cheeks, and froze. Inside her rectum his cock pulsed, exploded, unleashing his semen.

After a few moments he pushed her away. She fell to the bed, her collapsing body pulling her ass from around his cock. He fell next to her, a satisfied grin on his face.