 I walked into the hotel lobby, my heels clicking on the marble floor as I headed towards to bar. The draft of the doors opening hit my skin, exposed by the low-cut tight blue minidress I wore.

I spotted you - a stranger, beautiful, sitting alone at the bar nursing a drink on the rocks. I adjusted my breasts, and took the empty seat next to you. I smiled at you and gestured to the bartender, who came over to take my order.

"Scotch, neat. Thanks" The bartender nodded and went to get my drink. 

You glanced over. "Strong drink for such a delicate lady" you said with a grin, and I smiled back.

"Strong drink for such a beautiful man," I said, nodding at the drink in your hand. You laughed and took a swig.

My scotch arrived and I sipped it, keeping my eyes on you. You held my gaze. I put my glass down and eyed him.

"Are you from around here?" I asked. You smiled and replied "No, I'm just here on business for a couple of days. I'm hoping this drink can help ease some of the stress. How about you?" 

"I live just outside of downtown. I was on my way here to meet a friend when she cancelled on me, so I decided to come anyway" I said, smiling at you. "Are you staying in the hotel?"

You smiled at me and shifted in your chair - were you nervous? "Yes, I have a room upstairs. I'm sorry to hear your friend cancelled on you. Although I am glad you didn't turn around and head home."

I paused, considering you. "Look," I said, sure of what I wanted, "I'm looking for a fun night, easy sex..." - your eyes widened - "...no strings attached. Maybe we could head upstairs to your room and see where the night takes us?" I said it confidently, flirtatiously, my fingers resting on your arm, but inside I was nervous. Was I really doing this??

You looked shocked at my forward statement, but after a couple of seconds you smiled, a tinge of red touching your cheeks, and you nodded, downing the rest of your drink in silence and standing up. "Let's go," you said, and you lead me to the elevator, your warm hand resting sensually on the small of my back. The sound of my heels on the floor drowned out my loud heartbeats. 

I felt wetness between my legs and I knew tonight would be one to remember.

Waiting for the elevator, I broke the silence. "I'm Kelly."

"Michael," you replied, getting bolder and gently drawing me closer to your body. In the empty elevator alcove I turned so my body was pressing lightly against yours - my intention was a kiss - but I felt your stiffening cock against my hip, and I grinned.

"Excited already, hmmm?" I teased, brushing the stiff mound with my fingers. You looked embarrassed, so I leaned in, tighter against you, and whispered in your beautiful ear, "just wait until you feel how wet I am." You breathed out, fast, and put your hands on my hips.

Who WAS this person I had become: bold, confident, sexy, teasing? I felt outside of myself and yet more sure of my desires than ever. I kissed you, lightly, and the elevator opened. A middle-aged couple stepped off and the man winked at me as they moved past us. I looked up at you, your nervous face, and said "let's get the night started, Michael," and stepped on to the elevator ahead of you. You pushed the button for the 36th floor; we had some time.

I leaned against the elevator wall and reached out for you, pulling you against me. I could feel my juices slowly dripping down the inside of my thigh. I guided your hand to my bare thigh and then up, up, under my dress.

You moaned when you realized I wasn't wearing any panties, and how dripping wet I was for you.

You gently slid your finger between my folds and ran your finger against my opening, and I sighed. I wanted so badly for you to slide it into me, but at the same time I was loving the gentle teasing. The thrill of being on the elevator just amplified my arousal. I wrapped my arms around your neck and your body pressed against mine, your finger still gently caressing my wetness. I breathed into your ear, "I can't wait to have your cock inside me..." You moaned and, as if on reflex, pressed your stiff cock harder into my belly.

I felt myself getting close to climax merely by your gentle touch - the whole situation already made me want to come harder than I ever had. I pushed you away gently, smiling. We passed the 28th floor. "Almost there..." I said, fingering your belt buckle, gazing at the now-obvious stiffness in your trousers. 

"Fuck," you said with a sigh, "am I dreaming?" You lifted your fingers, still glistening with my juices, to your mouth and tasted them, closing your eyes. "No," you said with a smile, "definitely not dreaming." Watching you, I felt another gush of wetness.

Finally the elevator stopped and the doors opened. You stepped off first, guiding me again with your hand but this time it gently cupped my ass. Your room was just around the corner, you assured me, and soon enough you slid the key card in, then out, and opened the door. Suddenly your nervousness seemed to come back, and you looked at me, a bit unsure. Still feeling bold - was it the drinks? The thrill of anonymity? - I strode into the room and looked around. A beautiful big bed consumed most of the space, with a loveseat and coffee table at the far end, and a desk and chair against the adjacent wall.

"So, Michael," I said, turning to smile at you, "where do you want me?" I walked towards you slowly, holding your gaze. Your beautiful blue eyes. You didn't answer, so I reached out for your belt buckle. "Maybe on my knees, to start?" I said with a bit of a smirk, and again the red tinge appeared in your cheeks as you smiled at me. I slowly knelt, the carpet soft on my knees, and undid your belt. I slid it out from the belt loops slowly, teasingly, before undoing the button on your trousers and pulling down the zipper. I smiled up at you as you stood there, now against a wall, and I pulled your hard cock free - finally getting to see, to touch, this stiff member. It was about 7 inches long and fairly thick. You were well groomed, and your cock looked ready to burst, it was so hard.

I slowly spread my knees apart where I knelt and reached between my legs, letting my juices wet my fingers and run down my hand. Perfect lubrication. I took your stiff cock in hand and slowly ran my hand up and down the length of it, making you tilt your head back and moan. I lowered my head and, in one swift movement, took all 7 inches in my hot, wet mouth, and you gasped. The tip of your cock hit the back of my throat and I opened it up, taking you in deeper. I ran my tongue around your shaft, gently sucking, and I felt your hand on the back of my head apply gentle pressure. Bobbing slowly up and down on your beautiful thick cock, opening my throat to take you all the way in, I was in heaven. Your moaning and guiding my head told me that you, too, were enjoying this. 

Finally, between moans, you said "if you keep... doing that... I won't last long..." so, reluctantly, I pulled away and smiled up at you.

"Okay," I said, standing and backing up against the bed, where I sat, knees slightly spread, leaning back on my hands. My intention was to get you to eat me out - I wanted to feel your hot tongue on my wet pussy, probing my opening - but when I looked at you, looking hungrily at me, your cheeks red from arousal, trousers undone, cock standing hard and proud, I knew I needed you inside me.

"Fuck me," I said, losing my teasing tone. "Please... I need your hard cock inside me, right now."

You paused for half a second before moving towards me, kicking off your shoes and stepping out of your trousers and boxers. You leaned down over me, kneeling on the bed, and I scooted back and laid down, reaching my arms up around your neck. You tugged my dress up over my hips and guided your cock to my pussy opening, and then stopped. I looked up at you and you braced yourself on the bed, one hand on either side of me, and met my gaze. "Ready?" you asked, and I nodded, and then it happened - you were filling me, your hot, throbbing cock stretching my pussy in the most satisfying way, and I cried out. You stopped, leaving your cock deep inside me, balls against my ass, and you were panting. I wrapped my legs around you, forcing your cock even deeper inside me.

I couldn't believe it - I had met you 20 minutes earlier and here we were, my dress hiked up to my waist and your cock buried as deep inside my dripping wet pussy as it could go. I moaned and clenched my muscles, tightening around your dick. You gasped, and started rocking your hips, moving inside of me, thrusting gently in, out, in, out while I panted, open-mouthed, beads of sweat gathering on my forehead, my heels clicking together as our bodies rocked in such a primal rhythm. I moaned your name.

"Fuck me, Michael," I said, and you moaned and thrust harder. "I want to feel you come inside me," I said, "Your thick cock feels so good in my hot pussy..." You grunted and thrusted again, harder and faster this time. "Fuck yes," I panted, and you buried your face in my neck as your thrusting intensified.

It felt so good, but I knew I wasn't ready for the night to end. "Stop," I said gently, and you froze and looked at me. 

"Did I hurt you?" you asked, worry suddenly creasing your face.

"No, quite the opposite," I said breathily, "I'm too close.. and I don't want it to be over yet." You smiled and pulled away, pulled your cock almost out but left just the tip in my warm pussy. "What now, then?" You asked, still out of breath, your cock hard, throbbing, glistening with my juices. I sat up and you stood, and I felt an immediate longing for the cock that had just filled me so completely. I stood, my legs weak, and turned around, lifting my hair off my neck. "Unzip me?" I asked, and I felt your fingers fumble for the zipper and slowly undo it. I let the dress fall off my shoulders and on to the floor and stepped out of it, heels still on and my black lace bra emphasizing my breasts. I turned around to face you and you smiled, looking me up and down. "Like what you see?" I asked. You nodded and, almost unconsciously, gripped your cock. 

I stepped towards the desk and pulled the chair aside. Those drinks have definitely gone to my head if I'm being this bold, I thought to myself. I spread my legs and, looking over my shoulder at you, bent over the desk, resting on my elbows.

"Is this okay for you?" I asked coyly, feeling the cool air hit my hot, wet pussy. You started slowly stroking your cock.

"Oh yes, that is perfect for me," you said, moving towards me. You came up right behind me, your cock sliding against my wet folds, and leaned down against me, your hands next to mine on the desk, your warm, smooth chest against my back. You unclasped my bra from the front, gently helped me take it off and toss it aside before reaching one hand up to cup my breast, squeezing lightly and running your thumb over my nipple. I moaned and pushed back against you, my pussy aching for your hard cock to slide inside me again. "Is this okay for you?" you asked teasingly, as I almost desperately rubbed my pussy against your throbbing cock. Your second hand come up to cup my other breast, teasing my nipples as you lightly kissed the back of my neck and continued to slowly, slowly rub your cock against my folds. This went on for several minutes until I had juices running down my weak legs and I had to grip the edge of the desk.

"Please..." I moaned, thrusting my hips back into his, "please just fuck me, I'm so wet, I need you, Michael..."

"Oh!" you replied, feigning surprise, "is this turning you on?"

I half laughed, half moaned, trying to catch my breath to reply when, suddenly, you thrust your cock up inside me, and I just about came right then and there. "Oh fuck yes!" I cried out, "fuck me hard, fast, please Michael, make me come..."

Being the tease that you were, you moved slowly inside me, in and out, holding my hips steady so I couldn't quicken the pace. It felt excruciatingly, torturously wonderful. I dropped my head, forehead resting against the cold surface of the desk. I surrendered to the sweet, slow pleasure, feeling it building up inside me. I knew I was close, and I told you so. 

"Ready to come for me, Kelly?" you asked, pausing in your movements, running your hands along my back, reaching one around and finding my clit. You rubbed it gently and I cried out, moaning and panting and writhing beneath you.

"Yes, fuck yes, just let me come..." I pleaded with you and you suddenly quickened your pace, thrusting hard and fast, balls slapping against me as your cock plunged deep into me over and over again. You braced yourself with one hand on the desk while the other continued to rub my sensitive clit. I thrust backwards against you, feeling the intensity inside me rising and I managed to gasp, "I'm about to come..." and then, with a final thrust and grunt, I felt you spurt inside me, and with that I was pushed over the edge, shuddering and crying out your name as you thrust once, twice, three times more before panting out, "Oh my god, Kelly."

My legs were weak. My flushed cheek was pressed against the cool desk surface, your hands caressing the skin on my back, your now-soft cock still inside me. I grinned and slowly stood up as you pulled out, releasing the final gush of juices from my swollen pussy. We collapsed on the bed next to each other - you still had your collared shirt and socks on, me naked but for my heels. 

After a few minutes of silence, broken only by our panting breaths, I rolled towards you - you, my beautiful husband.

"Jesus, hon, that has to be the best we've ever had!" I exclaimed. You grinned up at me, exhausted.

"I know," you agreed, "I didn't think we'd ever be able to beat that time in the pool, but we definitely just did."

Curling up against you, utterly spent, I fell asleep.