 So far our vacation had been fabulous. It was the first time either of us had been to the Caribbean and we were taking in as much of it as we could. In the three days that we had been here so far we had done just about everything touristy that you could think of. We had been up at dawn and partying and dancing just until about dawn for the last three days. It was great fun but it came with a few drawbacks. There were always people around and getting home in the wee hours left us so totally exhausted that we would come back to our bungalow and fall fast asleep. 

The fourth day however things were about to be different. A small storm front was moving into the islands and rain was forecast for the entire day. It turned out not to be a hard rain but enough to keep us in for the day. Since we had planned on being all over the island we rented a small little bungalow on the beach. It was beautiful. The little straw hut looked like something right out of Gilligan’s Island. We were set back about 200 yards from the water and on a semi private section of the resort’s beach so there were never a whole lot of people around. The amenities of the hut were fairly nice although rustic. There was no air conditioning or cable but the bathroom had a tub that could seat about five and the bed was fabulous. A giant king size bed with posts, canopy and netting around it adding to the rustic island setting. 

We stayed in most of the day with movies that we had gotten from the resort office. The rain was coming down pretty steadily all day and late into the afternoon. No one was on the beach all day and it seemed as though the entire place was deserted. Around sunset the rain finally started to subside. Being cooped up all day was beginning to take it’s toll on us so we decided that we would venture out and see if we could watch the sunset through the breaking clouds. 

I couldn’t believe how clear the water still was even after the all day rain. The beaches were still clear of any seaweed or other plants that you would see wash up on shore on the inland lakes back home. We walked along the edge of the water hand in hand, the waves occasionally lapping up over our feet. In the distance you could see the clouds breaking and the sun starting to set, the sky blazing in the most vibrant red/orange glow you could imagine. I giggled a little when I thought of the image. For some reason it popped into my mind that it reminded me of one of the scenes they show on tv for the love songs CDS that they sell during the late movies.

We found a relatively dry spot in the sand and decided to sit and watch the rest of the remarkable sunset. Waves lapped at the sand and the call of gulls quietly filled the air as we sat cuddled together on the beach. Hours seemed to pass as we sat transfixed by the kaleidoscope the unpolluted skies provided as the sun was engulfed by the ocean. I leaned back on my elbows and stretched my legs out as the darkness started to settle over us. Clouds were clearing out and the stars we beginning to light the night sky as you lay out and rest your head on my chest. Your hand lightly traced up and down my chest as I let one arm come up and gently run my fingers through your hair. Leaning down I kiss your forehead as you start to slowly unbutton my shirt. 

As my shirt comes apart I feel your warm breath contrasting the cool night air as you softly kiss as each button comes undone. Goosbumps run up my spine as your nails lightly scrape over my nipples while you kiss down my stomach. I let out a soft moan letting you know how much I love the feeling. By now you are on your knees and almost over me as you continue to kiss and gently nip at my stomach and chest. Sitting up I take my shirt all the way off and place it under my head as I completely lay back down on the cool sand. As I do this you swing your leg over me so you are straddling me, kissing your way up my chest as your nails scrape along my sides so lightly I can barely feel them yet awakening every nerve in my body. Your mouth slowly and deliberately moves up my chest. Low moans of pleasure escape from my lips as I feel your tongue gently lick at my nipple. Your lips surround it and gently suck as my hand goes to your head caressing your hair. My fingers lightly run along your cheek as you release my nipple and gently blow on it causing me to shiver and squirm underneath you. You do the same to the other as you realize that your efforts are not going un noticed as your body slides down and rubs against me making me squirm even more. You look up at me with a devilish grin as you slide further down my body. I try to sit up and you motion for me to lay back down insisting that I let you proceed. Your fingers undo my pants and you slide them down. My body jumps as your fingers trace the outline of my cock through my boxers. Moving down you start to kiss and lick the insides of my thighs causing me to strain more against the material constraining me. Sitting up I try to relieve some of my tension but once again you push me back down with only a look. Kissing your way up my thigh you move to my boxer. I can feel your hot breath through the material and feel myself growing harder if that is possible. Your lips press against my cock through the boxers as you partially take it into your mouth. Moaning as you finally slide my boxers down my legs freeing my aching raging hard on. Your hand wraps around it as you gently kiss the head, your tongue peeking out and licking the precum that has wet the tip. My hands fly to your head, begging you to give me the release that I so desperately need by this point but you just smile and whisper “in good time sweetie...in good time” 

I start to shake and moan my approval as your tongue moves up and down my shaft, your hand cupping my balls and gently massages them. I nearly sit up straight as you take my balls into your mouth and softly suck on them as your hand continues to stroke my rock hard cock. You move your mouth to the head and again start to lick and gently nibble with your lips. I try to push my hips up to meet your mouth but you counter every try I make. Finally and without warning you sink the full length of me into your warm mouth, taking me all the way into your throat. Your head starts to move up and down as your tongue swirls around and your hand pumps me as well. I can feel the tension building within me as you reach back down to squeeze my balls. You feel that I am close and you slow your ministrations on my cock and then stop altogether. A sigh escapes my lips as you get up and kneel between my legs. 

Smiling coyly at me you slowly lift your shirt over your head. You move yourself up my body and straddle me rubbing your self against my hardness. Leaning down you place your hands on either side of my head and offer your breasts to my hungry mouth. Eagerly I wrap my lips around your hard nipple sucking it into my mouth. Scraping my teeth across it I inhale sharply causing cold air to rush across it. You moan with the sensation of your nipple hardening between my teeth. My tongue circles your nipple as your head goes back and forth, your eyes closed as you enjoy the sensation. Our hips start to grind together both of us wanting what is inevitable. 

Before I can enjoy my feast any longer, you slide your hips higher up my body. Finally your legs straddling my head, I take in the sight of your soaked panties right before my eyes as you cover my face with your skirt. My tongue immediately starts to lick through your panties as your reach back and slowly stroke my cock. I push aside the material with my tongue and slide it inside of you, tasting how wonderful you are. I bring my hand up so that I can slide your panties farther to the side giving me complete access to your clit. I blow on it feeling you shiver as my tongue begins to make small circles around it. Sucking it into my mouth I gently nibble on it as you grind your hips down to my mouth. Slowly I allow two of my fingers to slide into you as I nibble and suck your clit. Your moaning and shaking tells me you are about to cum. Sensing this I increase the speed of my tongue, licking your clit in ways that you never thought imaginable. My fingers wiggle inside you as I move them in and out of you brushing against your g-spot sending you over the edge. You call out my name as you collapse on me, your juices flowing into my waiting mouth, my tongue eagerly lapping them up. 

Breathless, you slide back down my body and kiss me deeply, our tongues dancing in each others mouths. You stand up and take off the rest of your clothes. Rain starts to softly fall as you lower your body back to me. Our passion grows as the cold rain falls upon our hot bodies. Stopping yourself before you are on me, you grab my hardness and rub the head along your lips, teasing your clit as your do. You slip just the head inside of you and give me that wicked little grin again. Pushing up I try to bury myself inside of you but you wont let me. You move yourself up and down moving the head of my cock in and out of you. My hands are on your hips trying to pull you down onto me. Finally, with one swift motion, you drop yourself onto me taking all of me inside of you. We both let out moans of pleasure as you grind with me deep inside you. 

The rain starts to come down harder as I begin to bounce you on top of me. Leaning back you prob yourself up with your hands as I reach down and play with your clit with my thumb. Squeezing me with your inner muscles you scream out my name as you cum again nearly collapsing on top of me. 

With all of our fun we fail to notice that the tide has come in and the water is starting to lap at our feet. I roll you over, never pulling out, and rest on my knees sitting back onto them as I pull your hips up to me. I rock us back and forth moving in and out of you as the water starts to surround us. I take your sensitive clit in my fingers driving you totally crazy as I push down on your stomach just above your mound so you can feel the head of my cock deep inside you. As the water envelopes us more and more with each incoming wave I feel myself about to explode. I rock us faster driving into you deeper and harder as you cum for the third time. Your convulsing and squeezing sends me over the edge and I let loose deep inside you. 

I pull you up to sit on my lap and we sit in the water holding each other and kissing deeply hoping that the rest of our vacation has at least a few more days of rain.