 I saw her in the hotel lounge, sitting at the bar with beautiful long brown hair, in a business suit, fitted top and matching skirt with a white blouse, sheer stockings and black, low heel pumps. She was a short girl with a smallish bust, and great legs.  

I sat down 3 or 4 chairs to her right and ordered an absolute straight up. I glanced over at her while I was waiting for my shot and we locked eyes for a brief second, her smile penetrating into my skull. I broke the stare as the tender sat my shot on the bar in front of me. I ordered another one as I brought the first to my lips, and I downed it. I sat the shot glass back down on the bar top and glanced at her again, she was finishing her martini, and her eyes locked on to me again, this time over her martini glass. She was beautiful. Her eyes a deep brown, her smooth skin slightly tan. I broke away again and downed the second shot glass that the tender delivered to me, and paid. 

I turned slightly towards her and looked at her again, she had set her empty martini glass down and her luxurious tongue was playing with the olive on a toothpick while her eyes locked onto mine again. I nodded towards the exit and she smiled broader, ate the olive, and followed me out without a word. 

The elevator had a glass wall that looked out onto the lobby, but this didn't stop us from frenching on the way up to the 5th floor. Her hands were all over my chest, under my sport coat, feeling up my pecks through my dress shirt. The doors opened and I took her hand and led her to my room. 

I held the door open for her and let it slam behind me. I picked her up from behind and threw her onto my bed, spinning her to land on her ass, a laugh escaping her. We kicked our shoes off and threw our jackets on the floor at the same time, then her index finger went up, telling me to wait. She started to striptease for me, and my dick was growing, pressing against my pants. She slowly unbuttoned her blouse, revealing a white lacy/sheer bra that held in small beautiful breasts but exposed dark erect nipples. The blouse flew to my head, and when I batted it away, she was pulling her stockings down. I could see up her skirt as she leaned back on the bed, white lacy panties. My dick throbbed and I couldn't take anymore, I jumped onto the bed and pushed her skirt up onto her abdomen. 

I pulled her panties to the side and dove right in, my tongue washing and messaging her shaved pussy lips. She tasted like nectar as I alternated between swirling around her clit and plunging my tongue into her cunt, each switchback allowing my tongue to drag between her engorged lips. I couldn't get enough of her juices. I ate as if famished, and she responded by pushing my head into her crotch and moaning loud. I wrapped my arms around her thighs and pulled her to me, thrusting my tongue deeper. 

She pulled my head away and got up onto her knees, pulling my shirt out and ripping the buttons off to pull the shirt away, revealing my upper body. She then undid my pants and released my throbbing cock. It popped out and pointed right at her belly. I stood up to get rid of my pants and underwear, and she did the same with her skirt and panties. I undid her bra and leaned over to lick and bite her nipples. Her hand reached down to grab my shaft and she started stoking. I moaned into her breast, my hands grabbing her ass cheeks. 

I pulled up and decided to try something. I picked her up and flipped her over, which made her squeal, and set her thighs on my shoulders, her wet pussy in my face and her head staring at my hardness. I ate her out again and she bobbed onto my pole, our arms wrapped around each others waist. I ate her with more ferocity than before, her hot mouth working my shaft like a pro, my tip hitting the back of her throat without making her gag and her nose poking into my balls. I was in bliss, and moaned to let her know, the vibrations rolling through my lips and onto her clit. She moaned in response, and I felt it, like a hot tub just for my dick. I lost my balance and fell back onto the bed. 

She laughed again, but it sounded funny with my dick in her mouth and her hair all across my waist, crouch and legs. We continued the 69 a little longer, her hand now assisting her lips with the stroking. I moaned more, and threw her off of me to stop me for cumming right then. She landed on her knees, to my side, still on the bed, and quickly jumped back on to straddle me, plunging her warm, wet, soft cunt down onto my hard pulsing dick. The attack made me sit up as I experienced this hot little wild woman riding me for her life. Her cunt raised off of me each time, and each time it came smacking back down to engulf me. Her hair flowed and her beautiful face beamed with sexual lust. She steadied herself with her hands on my shoulders, and her breasts found there way to my mouth. I licked and bit her hard little nipples, as she continued to impale her hot little body onto me. We started yelling again, never forming words, but our desire communicated crystally, and I couldn't hold on anymore. I came hard, squirting into her, my hips rising up to leave the bed, raising her into the air as she began to shake and quiver as well. She was cumming too, and was yelling loud enough to wake the floor had they been sleeping. 

After a couple more piston thrusts, she got off, picked up her clothes with a smile and headed to the door, but I got up too and wasn't ready to end this just yet. I pushed her up against the wall, facing away from me, and my still hard cock jabbed her in the ass cheeks. She dropped her clothes and put her hands up to brace against the wall, and I inserted into her juicy cunt again, releasing a satisfied sigh out of her. 

I started ramming again, still hard from the first round, which was strange, but I didn't care, I was fucking this hot little business woman from behind, as she stood there like she was being arrested. I thrusted again and again, the desire to fuck her hard growing stronger and stronger. She grunted and whimpered, taking the onslaught that I gave to her, pointing her ass in the air and standing on her tip toes for better penetration. She pushed out against the wall, and I drove deeper and deeper into her. She trembled, then jolted, and didn't stop as she came again, and this sent me over the edge. I came inside her again, my joints and muscles aching from all the exertion, but I maintained my pose, to feel the mutual cumming. 

I collapsed onto the floor, and she panted on the wall. Then she picked up her clothes again, opened the door, and walked naked down the hallway. The door slammed and she was gone.