 It was our anniversary weekend, and my wife and I were going to spend the night in a downtown hotel after dinner and a show. That afternoon, she called me to see if I wanted to meet her for lunch in the hotel restaurant. Of course I did, and I left work to meet her.

But she wasn't there when I arrived, so I called her.

"I got here and our room for tonight was ready, so I checked in early. Come on up."

I got a key and headed up to the room. Room service and a nooner? No complaints from me.

Opening the door and stepping into the dark room, I paused to let my eyes adjust. "Hello?"

"Over here, my dear."

I stepped into the junior suite and turned on the light. There she was, sitting on the couch, one foot on the ground, the other propped up in front of her. Her arm resting on one knee, her head turned in profile to me as she gazed out the window.

She was wearing white lingerie - a lace, see through robe, white stockings and panties, and red 4-inch heels. 

"You are a vision. Just beautiful," I said, gazing up and down her body.

"Thank you," she said, crossing her legs and stretching out the top leg, pointing her toes. "It feels nice to be able to look like this again. And to wear these shoes. Even if they don't quite match the rest."

We both loved her in those shoes, the sexiest ones she owned. But a torn ACL 10 months before, and then surgery and months of rehab, had kept her off of her feet and unable to work out for a long time, and certainly unable to balance on high heels - much less wear them comfortably. Just in the last three months had she begun to run again and do the weight-bearing exercises she needed to keep her legs toned. It has taken a lot of work for her, but she was now getting back into the shape she wanted to be.

She stood and walked toward me, walking with careful, sexy steps in the tall heels, crossing her legs to place one foot in front of the other. She reached me, and we embraced and kissed, me sliding my hand down her back to squeeze her lace-covered ass, her sliding her hand along my thigh.

"You see what's over here? Look what I have planned."

I turned my head, and saw what she meant. She had placed two armchairs facing each other, one with an ottoman in front of it and a side table next to it. My heart leapt as I realized what she was doing - she was going to act out my biggest fantasy.

And my heart leapt even higher when I saw she was going to let me take that fantasy even further, as there was a tripod and video camera next to one of the armchairs.

"Really?" I gasped.

"Yes, my love," she breathed into my ear, slipping her hand to my crotch, cupping by growing cock. "I'm going to masturbate for you. You can watch and film me."

Understand a little about our sex life ... she works in a different city, about an hour from our house, and usually works 12-hour shifts. Between her being exhausted after 3-4 shifts in a row, and my travel, and other family obligations, we often have 2-week gaps in our sex life. It's frustrating to go that long sometimes, but we get by. But I need relief a little more often than that, so after a week I often find myself watching a little porn for some gratification.

I've always been enticed by the idea of watching my wife touch herself, but she's never been all that interested in letting me watch her. She doesn't do that very often, and when she does it's just to get a little relief and move on with her day. Masturbating just wasn't ever a sexy thing for her. After gaining weight after having kids, and then again when she had to rest after the knee injury, her body image made her a little uncomfortable at the idea of having me watch her as well. Our sex life was still pretty good, but I had noticed that over the years we had tended to have sex under the covers more and more.

But I still harbored the desire to watch her explore her body with her own hands. I love seeing her turned on, her fluctuating weight had never had any effect on my desire for her. Rather, it was the way she changes when she's turned on that has always driven me crazy.

Eventually I noticed that my online porn queries had all drifted toward watching women masturbate, and that I was becoming less and less turned on by the videos, but would instead watch one and then jerk off while thinking about her touching herself, I decided I had to tell her my deepest fantasy. I wanted to sit and watch her pleasure herself, from start to finish. 

As she started to lose weight following the ACL rehab, and was commenting on how her legs were getting back into shape, I sat down and explained my fantasy to her. I tried to tell her that I wanted to see her masturbate in order to be even closer to her emotionally, and that the turn on for me was the idea of being able to sit and do nothing but enjoy her beauty and her sexual excitement.

I also explained that this fantasy was supposed to be - for lack of a better term - jerkoff material for me, a memory for the times when we were apart for days at a time. I also brought up the idea of videotaping this as well, but I knew she wouldn't be too interested in that, at least not at first. 

I told her my fantasies and promised not to bring them up again, and to let her decide on her own what the next step would be. She said that putting the emotional component of me watching her in context intrigued her. But she still wanted to lose some weight. She still felt that masturbating was little more than her lying there and getting it over with. She thought that watching her would disappoint me, that it isn't really all that interesting.

That was a couple months ago, and I had mostly forgotten about that conversation. But now ... here we were.

She held me tight, pressing her lace-clad body against me, and looked in my eyes. "Ever since you told me about this fantasy, I've been intrigued. It always seemed like masturbating was just a reason to get off and move on. But I thought about how you described it, as a chance for you to see the feelings inside me build and flow, and I started to like the idea of showing you."

She let me go, and started slowly walking toward her armchair. She swayed her body and turned toward me, her hands sliding up her belly to cup her breasts.

"Ever since we got married, really ever since we met, I hardly ever masturbated. It was always just something I did when I was single. A way to get off when nobody was around to help. And the way our lives have gone, It was easier for me to just not think about sex during our dry spells."

She motioned to the chair opposite the ottoman, next to the video camera, and as I stepped over to take a seat, she reached out, pressing the "record" button.

She stepped back toward her chair and settled in. 

"But after we talked about your fantasy, I thought about masturbating more and more. And I started doing it a little," she said, stretching her legs before her and crossing them. "And I started to enjoy it more than I ever had before."

She leaned back, closing her eyes, her hands back to her breasts, thumbs tracing her nipples.

"Each time I did it I would come harder than the last. And I started thinking about you more and more as I did. And I started wanting for you to see me doing it."

She started pinching her nipples a little, I could see them hardening and swelling. She was gently writhing her lower body, rubbing her upper legs together. Her voice was softening, and her breathing getting shallower as her touch was building up the desire in her body.

"And the more I thought about you watching me, my orgasms got stronger and stronger ... Ooohh ... I'd think about you watching me ... about you touching your own cock while I touched myself ... ooohhh ... ooohhh. ... about you ... fucking me ..."

She pressed her head back into the chair, opened her eyes, gazed at me, kept twisting her legs together.

"Mmmmm ... I hope you like what you see ... because it feels so good to me ..."

"Just gorgeous. Almost feels like I am touching you from here."

She gently tweaked her nipples and ground her legs together harder.

"Ohh ... here comes one ... a small one ...!!'

And she arched back and opened her mouth, squealing a little, shaking a bit from an orgasm.

After a couple of seconds the quake passed through her body and she fell back, twisting her body and resting. 

"Whew ... That was a nice start."

"Didn't take long. Are you really that turned on?

She smiled mischievously. "I cheated a little."

She lowered her hands to her panties and slid them off, raising her stocking-covered legs and then casting the lace panties aside. She placed her legs back on the ottoman and spread them open, showing me her pussy - and showing that her favorite sex toy had been in place.

Called an iOrgasm, it is a small silicone ball that slides inside her pussy with a silicone tail coming off one side that stays outside and bends upward to stimulate her clit at the same time. When she had been grinding her legs together before she was using them to press her toy against her ... no wonder she was so horny right when she started.

"I put this in about two hours ago. It's been rubbing against me the whole time, driving be crazy. I almost had an orgasm at the hotel check-in counter! Good thing you got to the room when you did, I wouldn't have lasted any longer!"

She pulled the ball out and set it aside, reaching to the bottom shelf of the nightstand next to her chair and removing a small, purple vibrator.

I had bought the vibe a few years ago and we had used it on her a few times. She never enjoyed the vibrating (it was too intense for her) but had liked it without the vibrations when I put it inside her when she was really turned on sometimes. 

"Let's try this, okay? I've never used it by myself."

She slipped the vibrator into her wet pussy, twisting it to lubricate it and eventually slipping it in all the way. Her other hand went back to her breast, twisting her hard nipple, and she leaned back again.

"Ooohh .. nice .. I like how this feels."

She looked at me. "Do you like what you see?"

"I do .. this is even more erotic than I could have hoped."

"When do I get to see your big cock?"

"I don't want to start stroking it now, I'll be finished way too soon."

"Oh, don't let that happen," she pouted. "But I want to see it. You wanted to see me turned on, I want to see what I'm doing for you."

"My pleasure."

I unzipped my pants and reached inside, pulling out my fully hard cock, caressing it gently in my hand. Precome was already making the head slick, and I was so horny from watching my wife pleasuring herself that I felt that one good stroke would make me cum.

"Look at that, big hard man. Mmmm, I like seeing that."

"You are so sexy, baby. There's no resisting you."

She was slipping the vibrator in and out gently, still tweaking her nipples. She seemed completely relaxed, humming to herself as the purple silicone stimulated her pussy lips and pulled on the muscles inside her.

"Oooh, this feels so good. I don't know if I can cum from this, I need some more stimulation down there. But it feels great."

She set the vibrator aside and slipped two fingers inside her pussy. "AAhhhh!! That's so much better!," she moaned.

She leaned back and started twisting her lower body again, drawing her fingers in and out of her as she played with her nipples. I could hear the sucking sound of her wet pussy as it was trying to clamp around her fingers and hold her in.

"Okay, I want to watch you get undressed while I play. I'm going to have a nice orgasm from inside me soon. Then I'll be ready to play with my clit, and I'm going to suck your cock while I do."

"Oh baby, you know exactly what to do," I told her.

As we knew from experience, when she is very turned on she can have orgasm after orgasm from being stimulated inside her pussy, but it's rubbing her clit that gives her the big, earth-shaking orgasms. But she can only have one of those before she runs out of energy.

I dropped my pants, my hard cock sticking straight at her, as she eyed me hungrily. My shirt fell to the floor as well, and I sat back down, leaning forward, and touching one of her stocking-covered legs.

"Aaahhh ..." she squealed, and she started to squirm her body a little more, her fingers still moving in and out of her with an even, slow rhythm, but her other hand was twisting her nipple a little more.

I could see her hand between her legs shaking a little as she tried to keep fingering herself at an even pace, although the nerves in her body were feeling the orgasm starting to build inside her, making her hand involuntarily move a little faster. I could hear the sucking sound being made by her wetness covering her fingers, and thought I could see her pussy pull her fingers in as the muscles clenched.

As I watched her hungrily, completely immersed in how she was making herself feel, I reached down and cupped my cock in my hand, taking care not to stroke it and bring myself to the edge, but noticing the quiver of excitement that shook though my body.

She was on the verge, and once again leaned back in the chair harder, arching her back a little and lowering one foot to the floor to open her pussy a little, pushing her fingers in a bit deeper and leaving them in, working them inside her, as the muscles of her vagina grabbed and pulled them in. 

Her breathing became short, her body taut.

"Ohh .. Ohh ... yes ... now ..."

She squeezed and shivered, her body quaked as the sensation ran through her, and once agan she fell back, still rubbing her breasts, pushing her fingers in her a little more.

She opened her eyes. 

"Oh, you are still here?"

"Forgot about me?"

"No, of course not ... Oh, my, I'm still so horny!"

She slowly drew her fingers out of her pussy and slid one in a small circle around her pink, swollen clit.

"But I think this next one will be the end of me."

"You got a big orgasm left in you?"

"I've been looking forward to this one all day. Since I've been doing this more, and thinking about having you watch ... this is what has become my fantasy. Touching myself like this, rubbing my clit for you, showing you exactly how I want you touching me."

"I'm loving the lesson."

"Watch and learn, then. But lets not take too much time. I want your big cock too."

She moaned and closed her eyes once again, her fingers slipping around her clit, down into her pussy, drawing the wetness out of her and slowly back up to her clit again. 

I smiled to myself. When I touch her like this she almost always wants me to do it "slower ... slower" and I'd joked with her in the past: "I bet if I watched you touching yourself, you would do yourself faster than you want me to do you." Turns out I was right, she was going about twice as fast as I normally would when I was trying to submit to her requests for "slower!"

But clearly it didn't matter, she was enjoying herself at any speed.

She kept circling her wet clit with two fingers, and dropped her other hand away from her breasts to place it under her thigh and pull her legs a little further apart. She squirmed up in her chair, propping her head and body up a little and looked at me.

"Come here."

I took the camera off the tripod and held it in front of me. I stepped over to her, stroking my cock, then holding it in front of her, inching closer to her open mouth.

She leaned in, sliding her tongue out of her mouth and to the bottom of my cock, and I pressed my body closer as she sucked me into her.

Her fingers were swirling on her clit more quickly, twisting into the sensitive folds on all sides of her swollen vagina. She looked up at me, her tongue sliding across the bottom of my cock as she began sucking quickly with each breath, the suction making a little popping noise. I started spasming almost immediately to the feeling of her cocksucking.

When we met she was very tentative about blow jobs, doing them very rarely and not too enthusiastically. But after several years, and as she began to understand how much I enjoyed them, she became more comfortable and much better at them. What used to be an occasional half hand job/half licking of my shaft had now become a skilled manipulation of my cock, teasing and enticing me until I would explode into an orgasm, sometimes onto her chest but usually into her willing mouth.

I only needed a few seconds of feeling the warmth of her mouth on me and I was ready to explode. I never wanted to surprise her by coming in her mouth, in all the years of us working to make her more comfortable with giving blow jobs I always wanted to make sure to never do anything that would make her feel used in any way. So as my orgasm built inside me, I tried to steady the camera angle on her face, leaned back, and gave her my warning:

"Oh .. Oh ... I'm there ... I'm there!!"

I expected her to keep sucking, to let me unload into her throat while she rubbed her clit, but instead she took the hand that had been holding her leg, slipped my cock out of her mouth, and held it in her hand.

"Come on my face!" She cried out, before she started jerking my cock in the same rhythm as she was rubbing her pussy.

I couldn't believe it, how did she know I wanted to see myself cum on her lovely cheeks, nose and chin? Of course it was a dream of mine, but I had never mentioned it, never wanted to make her feel uncomfortable with the suggestion!

"Oh, yeah, baby ... here it comes," I moaned, feeling cum reach the end of my cock and explode onto her.

Most of the first wave of come dripped onto her lips and into her mouth. The second blast had more force, leaving a beautiful, sticky rope from her ear across her cheek, mouth and chin. My knees shook with the power of my orgasm, as I pumped and pumped, feeling her hand continue to rub my shaft and aim my cock.

A third blast hit higher on her cheek and left a trail of come off her chin, dangling toward her shoulder. With less power behind my 4th and 5th heaves of cum, they landed on the edge of her mouth, the final one caught her cheek with most landing on her shoulder. 

She placed my cock in her mouth and sucked, pulling the last bits of cum out of me, as I leaned back and looked over her beautiful body, her fingers still working her swollen clit, and my seed dripping and spreading across her face and shoulders. I wanted to keep the memory of that view permanently seared in my brain.

She let my cock go and licked her lips, and I returned to my chair, replaced the camera in the tripod, and sat back down.

She scooted up in her chair a little, looked at me and smiled.

"Was that nice?"

"Amazing. Thank you. A facial? I never expected that."

"Well, a little porn star treat for you. I thought you might like that."

"Like any guy would. It's like a dream of mine I was always afraid to ask from you. I wanted you to want it, I didn't want it to be my idea."

She closed her eyes and scrunched up her nose. "Ooohh! It's coming! I need to finish soon!"

"Besides, I can use this," she said, swirling two fingers in the cum on her cheek. She moistened her fingers in it and used my cum to lubricate her nipples so she could rub and pinch them more aggressively.

"Oh! I like that, it's soft and warm and now cooling off! It tickles a little and makes me want to ... come ..." and her voice trailed off.

She arched her back, pushed up on her foot to turn her hips toward her finger, and I could see her press her clit a little harder. The circling of her clit was speeding up, and I could hear her fingers lapping in the moisture.

I watched my cum glistening on her face as it slid lower, the pure ecstasy she was feeling from her fingers on her nipples and pussy. Even as my cock was deflating from the massive ejaculation I had already had, I took it in my hand and began stroking myself as I watched.
