 Kara was in DC for a LCSW convention. She was there alone, though she knew some people that would be there and she was looking forward to reconnecting with friends from college. The hotel was nice, it was in the Gaylord Resort at the National Harbor. Her room faced out to the water and had floor length windows. When she checked in, the first thing she did was draw the curtains back and spent several minutes just gazing out at the skyline. She could just make out the Washington Monument and the top of the Capitol across the Potomac.

She had always gotten a thrill from a little bit of exhibitionism and standing there at the windows was sending a thrill through her body. She wondered if anyone was looking up at her 12th floor window and saw a tiny little 5 foot blonde wearing a sundress. Her body was sending her signals as she wondered if they would be able to see up her dress when the air kicked on and blew her skirt up a bit. She could feel her nipples harden on her D cup breasts and a tingle ran from her pussy up to her chest causing her pale skin to flush a bit.

Kara laughed at herself, "I should stop thinking about it, nothing is going to happen on this trip! I've got to get ready to meet Susan and Veronica for dinner!"

Sue and V were friends from college both married and wondering what was taking Kara so long to decide on a man. She had always been the wild one of the three and while they had settled down with good respectful husbands, she was still having too much fun traveling the world in her time off. Kara had often kept her secrets from Sue and V as they didn't quite get her. Kara always looked presentable and sexy without dressing like a whore, but she had a wild side that she knew her friends would never approve of.

While she had dated numerous guys (and slept with a few), there had always been something lacking. Sometimes the sex was great, but the connection just wasn't there for more. Sometimes she felt like she had meet someone great, but the sex was lackluster. Just keep looking she always told herself.

She stripped off her sundress and hopped in the shower. She loved the complimentary soaps at the resort, lemon grass and verbena scented. The scent wafted through the shower as she washed her hair and soaped her body. She wasn't entirely smooth she discovered when she washed her bikini line so she grabbed a razor and with a few swipes she was super smooth and hair free. Kara loved the way she felt like this, so sensitive and every movement would send a small thrill through her.

God, she needed to get her mind off sex. She had dumped her last boyfriend a few weeks ago and since then she'd gone without. It was starting to drive her crazy. When she had a boyfriend, they had had sex as often as she could arrange it and going these past weeks without it was torturous. Her hand and her toys were no substitute for good raw sex.

She slipped on a black lace thong, a matching VS lacy bra to accentuate her decolletage and a simple black sheath dress. It fit to her body and showed off her small waist and flaring hips. With a pair of 3" black heels she knew some guys would be watching her walk. But it wasn't about them, she wanted to feel sexy. Even if she was going without currently, she liked feeling sexy and looking attractive.

A few swipes of mascara and some lip gloss and she was ready to go. Grabbing her clutch she headed down to the Steakhouse restaurant to meet Sue and V.

As she walked into the restaurant, she saw them standing together. Both of them had put on a little weight and were looking a little tired. "Hey girls, good to see you!"

"Kara, you made it! You look great! Do you have an admirer here!" gushed Sue as they had a group hug. 

"No, I'm single, just wanted to look nice tonight."

"Well, you're certainly making on impression on the guys at the bar," said V. Kara looked around them to see three guys sitting separately at the bar all giving her a head to toe look over. That's nice she thought, I can still get them to look.

"I'm not here for that V, just dinner with some old friends."

"Don't call me old, I'm on a work trip and I don't want to be reminded of getting old," groused Sue.

"Between work, my husband and the kids, I'm feeling every bit of my 32 years right now."

That was an indication of how the night was going to go. Kara talking about the fun places she had gone over the past couple years and her friends talking about the stresses of marriage and kids. It was definitely a downer for her and she could feel herself getting more and more morose.

As they paid the check Sue and V were talking about being exhausted and looking forward to a night alone after relaxing bubble baths. All Kara could think about was needing a drink and some fun after listening to the girls complain all night. They split at the elevators and Kara went back inside to the bar. 

A good looking 20 something bartender came to her as she perched herself on a barstool and said, "What can I bring you?"

"Gin martini, straight up with a twist, please."

"That rough huh?"

She laughed for the first time it felt like in hours. "Yes, I thought it would be fun to see some old friends again, but they spent the whole time complaining about their lives."

"Well Darling, I'll be right back and hopefully this will help you feel better."

It was nice to be back (kind of) in the South. At least the bartender knew how to make her feel better. He brought her drink and she sipped it straight from the bar like any long time martini drinker does so she wouldn't spill any picking it up. 

"Better?"

"Why yes. Much better. Thank you."

There were a few people dancing to the jazz playing and it was a relaxing way to spend a few minutes after the dinner she'd just had. Soft light and good jazz and a good drink. A few minutes later she had downed her martini and was thinking of ordering another when she heard a voice from behind her.

"Would you care to dance Miss?"

She turned around on her stool and took him in at a glance. Then she went back for a longer look over. Nice hair, out of his eyes, light brown eyes with a golden tint, nice lips with a hint of teeth when he smiled at her. Broad shoulders under a white button down, trim waist in straight front khakis and finished off with a nice pair of leather shoes. He obviously cared about his appearance and he was a good looking man. Taller than her by quite a bit.

"I'd love to dance."

He held out his hand to help her off the stool and she liked that he was a gentleman. He led the way to the dance floor and holding her right hand with his left he put his right hand on her waist. 

"I'm Darrin, it's a pleasure to meet you?" and he left it hanging for her response.

"Nice to meet you Darrin, I'm Kara."

With that he took the lead and she relaxed and let the music take her. She was thoroughly enjoying dancing with this stranger. He was confident and sure with his steps and led her through several songs. She liked his strong large hands on her waist and back, letting her knew which way he was taking her. Never too much pressure, just enough to tell her where he was going.

She looked up at him and he took the opportunity to lean down and kiss her. She liked his lips on hers. Dry and soft with a hardness underneath. She felt his tongue touch her lips and she opened her mouth to let him taste her. She moaned in pleasure as his tongue and hers slide along each other. He tasted like whiskey and smelled like aftershave and the scents were letting her know it had been too long since a man had kissed her like this.

Darrin moved one hand behind her head and she moved closer to him, swaying her hips against his thigh. She could feel his hard cock through his pants and she started a slow grind to the music. Kara was wet and loving it. Knowing that the other dancers on the floor could see him kissing her and watch her reaction was turning her on even more.

"Let's go up to your room Baby," Darrin whispered in her ear, the vibrations from his voice causing her to heat up even more.

She nodded her head shyly, which was funny considering she'd just been grinding on this stranger's cock on the dance floor for everyone to see. Kara wanted to see him naked and find out just what he had in store for her.

She took his hand and led him out the bar to the elevators. Standing there waiting on it, she looked him over in the mirrored door. His dick was clearly outlined against his pants and it was making her mouth water. His hand on the small of the back felt possessive and sure. She was soaked from the dancing and kissing and expectations. Kara hadn't been in a situation like this since drunken one night stands in college, but this was different. She wasn't drunk and she wasn't a child anymore. She knew what she wanted and she was going to have it.

The elevator was crowded but they were the only ones who got off on her floor. Darrin took her back in his arms as soon as they exited and kissed her again. She loved the way he kissed her. It was like he was taking her mouth but only as far as she was willing to go. Not pushy, just sexy and confident. He had found what she liked and kept giving her more.

She could see the Ferris wheel on the shore-front lit up through the window and that made her think about her window. She wanted it to happen and pulled away from Darrin to lead him down the hallway. She wanted him to take her in front of the window and be able to see out and wonder who might be watching.

She ran down the hallway and yelled, "Catch me if you can!"

He was right behind her when she stopped in front of her door and he pushed up against it. His lips hot and his tongue wet as he moved her blonde hair to the side and kissed her neck, tasting her, biting her. She moved her hands down over his ass and pulled him to her, grinding her hips against him. She loved feeling his firm ass in her hands. Muscular and tight.

He reached back and unzipped her dress, still standing there in the hallway and pushed her against the door. "I want to see you Kara."

She held out her arms as the he pulled the dress off her, leaving her standing in the hallway in just heels, thong and bra. "My god, you're amazing Kara. Stunning."

She wondered if he was going to strip her naked right there in the hallway, but as he started kissing her neck, he took the key card from her and unlocked the door, holding her up as she fell in.

Darrin picked her up and she naturally wrapped her thighs around his waist as he carried her into the room all the way to the windows. She felt herself pressed against the cold glass and knew that anyone looking up would be able to see her almost naked body held up by a man. Her pussy was aching, needing to be touched. Her nipples were hard and she wanted them sucked and sucked hard.

He didn't disappoint her as he lowered his head to her chest and as he drew the bra away, releasing her firm heavy breasts, he kissed each one before drawing a nipple into his mouth and sucking on her hard. His tongue moved around her nipple as he sucked, then bit down, first lightly and then as he heard her moan, harder. His hands were kneading her ass and finally he released her to stand on her feet as he pulled her panties down roughly.

Kara gasped as his hand pushed her thighs apart and moved over her naked smooth skin. She could feel his hand getting wet from her dripping pussy as he cupped her, gripping her whole pussy in his hand. She leaned forward and latched onto his neck, biting him back and sucking on him. Breathing in his scent and feeling on fire from the way this stranger was making her feel. She started pulling open his shirt one button at a time as he massaged her pussy with one hand and her ass with the other, feeling his fingers brush over her asshole and her lips, parting them slightly.

She sucked her way down his neck and over his pecs, feeling his nipples harden as she licked them and sucked on them. She felt his hands leave her pussy, moving up over her curves till he got to her shoulders. With a slight push downwards he said, "Undress me Kara."

She finally had his shirt open and he shrugged it off as she went to her knees and undid his belt. Running her hands up and down his thighs, over his hard cock before unzipping him and pushing the pants down. Her mouth watered and her pussy clenched as she saw him for the first time. Muscular strong thighs and a gorgeous hard thick cock with heavy large balls underneath. Shaved too she found out to her delight as she licked her way down his cock.

Kara loved sucking a big thick cock. She loved the way men reacted when she did it, she loved the feeling of being on her knees pleasuring him. Feeling the spongy head in her mouth, the smooth soft skin with the hardness sliding under it as she stroked him. She could taste his cum on her tongue as she wrapped her tongue around his head and jerked him slowly. 

Darren moaned with pleasure as she sucked him deeper and deeper into her mouth. She felt his hands become entwined in her hair as he slowly started directing her movements. Kara loved a man to take charge and at the same time not push her past her limits. The slow mouth fucking he was giving her had her pussy dripping down her thighs. 

She reached one hand down to her pussy but Darrin said, "No" and grabbed her hand. He put it back on his cock and said, "I'll take care of you soon Kara, a little denial is good for you."

She moaned in frustration and need, and he jerked as the vibrations went through his cock. He pulled her head off his dick and moved her mouth till she was tonguing his ball sack. 

"Yes," he hissed through his teeth as she took them one by one into her mouth and sucked. 

He pulled her back up to him and pressed her back against the window. Her pussy getting even wetter as the cold window reminded her that anyone outside could see her naked ass. She could feel his hard wet cock trapped against her stomach and she ached to feel him inside her. 

He kissed her again, their tongues playing with each other. Her nipples hard against his chest. He spun her in his arms and as his lips touched her neck and began the journey downward she rocked her ass against his cock, feeling it hard and hot against her cheeks, slipping up and down in her crack. 

Her took her hands and placed them on the window, her tits pressed to the glass as well. The cold pane made her unsure if it was pleasure or pain she felt in her nipples and she decided it didn't matter, she just wanted more. She felt his lips, his tongue, his teeth on the rounded curve of her ass and he moved her feet apart until she was spread wide. Kara wanted his tongue. Wanted to feel it inside her. He was driving her crazy and she didn't care what happened as long as he made her cum and soon. 

He pulled her ass cheeks apart and then his breath was on her ass and then, finally, his tongue was moving over her asshole, circling it, probing it. Oh fuck it felt so good. She cocked her hips back and out towards him, encouraging his tongue. He slipped it lower and yes, he was tasting her pussy. Fuck, he was driving her crazy with lust. His tongue finally parting her lips, sliding deep inside her, moving up to circle her clit, sucking it into his mouth. 

"Bite it. Suck me. Make me cum dammit!"

"As you wish Darling."

He sucked her clit hard, biting down as she just about sat on his face. Her orgasm rising through her, her pale skin flushing. She yelled out as she came. Her pussy clenching around his tongue that he pushed deep inside her. His mouth sucking her cum as she came. 

He stood up behind her as she was coming down from her orgasm. She looked down and saw him slide the footrest between her feet and he told her, "Kneel on this and keep your hands on the glass Darling." 

She knelt, knees spread wide and placed her hands back on the glass. Looking out she couldn't tell in the darkness if anyone was watching, but she hoped they were. She wondered what he was going to do next. Her pussy was yearning to be filled by that thick cock of his. 

Kara moaned and said, "Yes," as she felt him slide the length of his cock along her lips. She loved it when his large cockhead nudged her clit and stayed there a minute rubbing against her. She could feel his shaft getting wet from her pussy lips. Spreading them, preparing her to be fucked. 

He pulled back and she loved it when he reached down with one hand and pulled her lips apart, followed by the head of his wet cock slipping inside past her inner lips. This, the moment when a lover first entered her was one of her favorites. Feeling herself open for him, the feeling of being full as he pushed himself deeper and deeper with every stroke. 

She started fucking back against him, wanting all of him inside her. Needing it. 

He pulled all the way out till she could just feel his head nestled in her pussy lips, then, without warning, he drove himself all the way in. She cried out as she felt his heavy cum filled balls slap her pussy as he buried himself deep inside her. He grabbed her hips and started a deep hard fucking motion as he drove into her over and over. 

Her breasts were hitting the window with every stroke. He grabbed her long blonde hair with one hand, letting go of her hips and letting her know what he wanted with just his cock. Then, she felt his wet thumb at the entrance to her ass, pushing, and then popping inside her. 

He was fucking her pussy with his cock and her ass with his thumb and she started cumming again. Loving the sensation of being full. It didn't matter that she had just met him a few short hours before. She was his, at least for the time being and she was loving what he was doing to her. 

As she recovered from another spectacular orgasm, she felt him stop inside her and just fuck her ass with his thumb. He was stretching her she realized and she started rocking her hips as she knew he was going to take her ass. Right her in the window. And she was going to let him. And oh god, she hoped someone was watching. 

Darrin pulled his cock out of her cunt and she loved the feeling of his cock, wet from fucking her pussy, push against her asshole. He held her open with his thumb and slowly, ever so slowly, pushed inside her. She gasped as he made it past the tight ring of her ass and he held still for a moment as she relaxed. 

"Ready my dear?"

She just pushed back instead of talking. She wasn't sure if she could talk right now. Feeling his thick cock slowly invade her ass had robbed her of speech. Ever so slowly he pushed deeper and deeper. She had been fucked in the ass before, but that had been nothing compared to this. She had only let smaller cocked men there before. 

She found herself laying against the window, her tits, face and hands pressed against it, and she heard low whimpers and she realized they were coming from herself. Finally she knew he was balls deep inside her as he came to a stop and let her adjust. She didn't move at all for a minute, she just enjoyed the feeling of his cock that deep inside her, stretching her, making her feel more full of cock then ever before. 

He reached under her and slide his fingers around her clit. Tugging, massaging. His other hand holding her hair as he started moving slowly inside her ass. As her whimpers turned to yips with each thrust forward, he picked up speed until before long he was fucking her ass savagely. His balls hitting her pussy lips each time. His fingers pulling her clit. 

As she felt him swell inside her, stretching her even more, she saw the flare of a lighter in the yard outside the hotel. A stranger was staring straight at her, watching her get fucked in the ass, her tits squashed against the glass. He sucked hard on a cigarette and he looked right in her eyes. 

This pushed her over the edge. Her orgasm radiating out from her ass and her clit. Feeling Darrin's hot cum inside her ass. Screaming out her orgasm, she kept her eyes locked on the shadowy shape in the darkness. The only thing keeping her on the footrest was Darrin's cock lodged in her ass. 
