 Again I'd like to thank my readers, especially the BBW's to whom my stories are dedicated. Ladies, you make it very easy to think these atories up.

My apologies for the delay in posting a new story. I've had major computer problems over the last three to four months. Even my new one has been down more often than it has been up.

I'll try to post a mite more often in the future. In the meantime ladies, I'll be thinking of you in great detail!!

PROLOUGE

I had opened just about every gift there was under my tree, when I spied a small, brightly wrapped gift box. The box was slightly larger than a bar of soap. 

The bow surrounding it had obviously been professionally tied. I figured it was probably a watch, cufflinks, or some other form of jewelry from some upscale department store.

I looked at the attached gift card.

"To Don, from your Snugs."

Just looking at the gift card made my cock swell. "Snugs" was my term of endearment for Diane. Diane was by far the wildest and most imaginative lover I'd ever had. 

If she could have figured a way to do it, she would have packaged herself into this box so that, when I opened it, she could crawl out and fuck me on the spot.

That thought made me quickly look up and scan the room. 

"Nope", I thought. "No boxes large enough for her to get into."

I chuckled to myself and shrugged. Hopefully I'd see her shortly anyway. I had some gifts for her, including one that needed unwrapping as quickly as she could manage it. I smiled as I looked at the bulge in my briefs.

I opened the small box and found what appeared to be a credit card. I took it out of the box. Underneath was a small, neatly folded piece of paper.

I looked at the credit card briefly. It was generally non-descript. The face of the card read, in large block letters, "HOTM". The back of the card showed a toll-free number and an alpha-numeric customer code, "STONE487".

Try as I might, I could not figure out what it was for.

I opened the folded piece of paper.

"Don, I really wanted to stop by and tell you but, I knew that if we got together, I probably couldn't leave. I have to go to Scottsdale with Mr. H to set up the new offices. I'm being reassigned there for at least the next year."

My cock deflated and the smile dropped off my face. My holiday cheer quickly dissipated.

I continued to read on.

"I hope this present helps ease some of the stress I know this is causing you. I had to set it for the 15th of each month. Just call the number on the card anytime on the 14th. Take care. I hope to see you again real soon. All my love, Snugs."

I didn't feel like opening any more presents. I set the card and note down on the coffee table and went in to take a shower.

CHAPTER 1

The hot water beating down on my chest felt good. I just needed to relax and collect my thoughts.

My initial response was anger. The usual "How could she do this to me?" reaction.

The more I thought about it though, it made sense. She had been positioning herself for the promotion ever since she started with the company.

She was deserving of it too. If there was anything she was better at than sex (and I couldn't imagine that was possible mind you) it was work. If not, work definitely came in a real close second.

When the merger between Holcome Industries and Applied Genetics Research Laboratories was announced, she was the obvious choice to promote to Executive Director. I had to hand it to Holcome though. He played this one real close to the vest. Not even a whisper was leaked about how the promotions would play out.

"Damn. Scottsdale would definitely be the place to be right now", I thought. "What a mood she would be in."

My thoughts ran wild as I pictured her excitement over the promotion and how she would display that happiness to me.

I could feel her hands massaging my chest, pinching and tweaking my nipples, slowly, inexorably, working their way down my body towards the steel pipe jutting proudly from my groin. I could feel the hair on her pussy sponging my ass cheeks clean as she ground against me.

I imagined her hands latching onto my dick, stroking it harder and harder, willing my balls to release their load of hot, sticky cum.

I could feel it welling up in me. I could feel the pressure as my sperm prepared to jet through the length of my prick.

"God it would feel so good to cum for my Snugs", I thought. "It…would…feel…so…fucking…good!!!"

Blast after blast of thick, milky cum splattered against the tiles of my shower. It dripped down the wall, almost as if the tiles were crying along with me.

I placed my face under the shower stream to wash off my tears, and then got out of the shower.

CHAPTER 2

After I dressed, I went back into the living room and dropped down onto the sofa. I picked up the note and credit card. 

I reread the note, inwardly hoping that somehow I'd read it wrong, and she hadn't really gone. To my dismay the note still read the same.

It wasn't like I could just pack up and head for Scottsdale. I own my own small business and I couldn't close up shop on short notice even if I wanted to. 

Our relationship was just not in the cards I thought to myself.

That thought made me think of the credit card. I turned it over and over in my hands. It wasn't like a regular credit card as there was no account number. 

It seemed more like a club card. The type of card issued by an elite nightclub or some fraternal organization.

"How could this possibly make me feel better?", I thought. "What the hell is HOTM anyway?"

I knew Diane told me to wait until the 14th but curiosity got the better of me. I picked up the phone and dialed the toll-free number on the card.

A taped female voice answered.

"H-O-T-M. Please enter your customer number followed by the pound sign."

I typed in S-T-O-N-E-4-8-7.

There was a brief clicking noise and then another taped female voice came on the line.

"We're sorry Mr. Stone. Your account has not been activated. Please call again on January 14th. H-O-T-M operator number 19."

The phone clicked off and reverted to dial tone.

CHAPTER 3

I met Diane outside of a movie theater back in July. It would have been hard not to notice her. A big woman in a silk blouse, open enough to expose more than ample cleavage, attracts my attention every time.

I could tell that she appreciated the attention. The smile she shot my way made my stomach flutter and my cock jump.

We talked briefly in line and I found that she was seeing the same movie as me. She was supposed to hook up with a girlfriend who had cancelled out sick at the last moment.

I seem to remember making some dumb comment like "her loss is my gain" or something equally inane. In any event we decided to see the movie together.

The movie itself was forgettable, but not the day I had with her. She had an infectious laugh, and ten minutes into the film she was holding my hand and leaning against me.

Her perfume and the heat of her body kept grabbing my attention. Soon I found I was paying very little attention to the movie. 

I found myself stealing glances at her every chance I got. She had a beautiful smile and full, very kissable lips.

She was not wearing a bra, yet she had little discernable sag despite the size of her breasts. Every time she laughed her breasts would bounce and jiggle, the silk material of her blouse causing her nipples to harden.

I couldn't take my eyes off of her. I was totally entranced by this woman who I'd known a total of twenty minutes.

As it was mid-July, I was only wearing loose-fitting gym shorts and a T-shirt. I could feel my cock tenting the shorts but I didn't care. The theater was dark enough that I could adjust unobtrusively enough, if I needed to.

As if our thoughts were interconnected, Diane suddenly laid her hand onto my lap and slowly began to massage my erection, through my shorts.

"Oh my Don. I can feel that my nipples aren't the only things that are hard in this theater", she laughed.

I could only groan a response. It felt so good to have her hand working its magic on me. I could only hope that she wouldn't stop.

"You ARE going to cum for me aren't you dear?", she asked. Her voice was husky and dripping with lust.

Damn it felt good. My cock was already jerking in anticipation of the grand finale.

"Just don't stop. Please don't stop!", I begged.

"I won't", she said pleasantly. "Just make sure you tell me when you're about to cum. Okay sweetie?"

That was only moments away at that point. Diane knew how to get the most bang for a buck in a short amount of time.

"Right now", I moaned. "Right fucking now."

Diane's hand quickly left my cock and slid inside of my waistband, regrasping my cockhead immediately. Her hand was so soft and I wanted to cum for her so badly.

There was no chance of my stopping. A bullet train of cum burst from my cockslit all over her fingers. The slimy, hot goo made her fingers slip and slide like lubricating oil all over my cockhead. 

This only intensified the feeling, and I let fly with shot after shot into her waiting fingertips.

Finally I had no more to give and my cock began to deflate. Still Diane continued massaging the last dribbles of goo into my cockslit, causing me to jump and jerk with each electric thrill this elicited.

Finally Diane withdrew her hand, still wet, slimy, and dripping with my spunk.

She raised her hand up to her mouth and quickly licked a dollop of goo from her ring finger.

"Oh hon. You taste so good", she gasped.

Her other hand latched onto the hem of her skirt, pulling it up and exposing her pussy to me. She wore nothing under the skirt. The sight of her dark triangle, even in the dim light of the theater, caused my cock to thicken again.

She dropped her gizz covered hand on top of her pussy and immediately sank two fingers into her slit.

I turned towards her. I wanted to fuck her right there and then in front of the whole movie-going crowd. I didn't care who saw or heard.

"Don't touch me", she hissed. "This is my fantasy. I want to cum for you. Let me see your cock. Let me see your beautiful, hard, fucking cock."

I sat back in my chair, stunned, but hotter than I'd ever felt before. I raised up out of my seat and pulled my shorts down. My cock stood straight up for her to admire all she wanted. I would have walked around the theater and displayed it to everyone if she had asked me to.

My prick was so hard it could have scratched glass. I gently stroked the length of it using only my thumb, fore, and middle fingers, so as not to obstruct her view. I marveled at how it glistened from my already spent cum, and the dribble of pre-fuck juice oozing from my cockslit.

"I know what you want. I saw how you looked at me. You like big, nasty women don't you hon?" She breathed heavily. 

"You want to feel me riding that cock of yours, don't you? You want to feel me cumming all over that big dick of yours, oozing cunt juice all over that fucking rod."

"I know what you want Don. I know you want to watch my breasts bounce as my big ass grinds down on you. You want to fuck my juicy pussy and cum in me. You want to cum real deep in me. You probably even want to fuck my hot ass."

She was working her magic on me again only this time she wasn't touching me. I was enthralled with the way she held nothing back, explaining in great detail what she wanted; what I wanted.

My cock stood straight and tall like a totem. Rivulets of pre-cum streamed from my cockslit, rolling down the shaft and pooling on my fingers.

She was obviously working magic on herself as well. Her breathing was rapid and shallow. Her breasts rose and fell quickly, nipples fully erect, pressing tightly against the material of her blouse.

I could smell the pungent odor of her sex overpowering every other scent in the theater. Her eyes never left my cock. Her fingers were pistoning in and out of her pussy with lightning speed.

I could tell that she was going to crest any second but she seemed to be holding back, waiting for something.

I was never going to find out what though as the excitement of the moment was too much for me.

My balls clenched tightly and another volley of sperm raced through me, eager to find a target, any target. A small geyser of white-hot goo splattered on the back of the seat in front of me.

I felt Diane tighten up beside me and saw her thighs squeeze together, locking her hand against her clit in a death grip.

"Oh yes baby", she whimpered. "All for me."

CHAPTER 4

The HOTM card was burning a hole in my wallet. I couldn't find a thing out about it. Nothing in any toll-free directories. Nothing in any reference books. Nothing on the internet. Nothing, absolutely nothing. 

Other than the card there was no evidence that there was such a thing as HOTM. I thought it might drive me crazy before the 14th arrived.

I had tried several times to contact Diane but all I got was her office voice-mail advising that she was in Scottsdale. Even calls to her friends at work revealed nothing more about her status.

Deep down I hoped that HOTM would reveal something about what was going on, but I certainly wasn't going to hold my breath.

On the morning of the 14th I took the card from my wallet and dialed the number.

Again the taped female voice answered.

"H-O-T-M. Please enter your customer number followed by the pound sign."

I typed in my customer number and tapped the # key.

A series of brief clicks was followed by the following taped message:

"Good morning Mr. Stone. Your account has been activated. Our records show your day to be January 15th, 2005. Thank you."

The phone went dead and moments later all I heard was dial tone again. I wanted to rip the phone out of the wall.

"What the fuck is going on?", I thought.

CHAPTER 5

January 15th, 2005. I had heard nothing else about HOTM and calls to the toll-free number simply initiated the "Your account has been activated" taped message followed by a quick disconnect.

By the time I got to my office I had all but forgotten HOTM. It was going to be a busy day. I had three scheduled meetings and a shitload of paperwork to work my way through.

The morning flew by and I was surprised at how much was accomplished in such a short time. I had to hand it to Mary, my assistant. She is a gem.

By 11:00am I had already met with Burke, my production manager, and laid the groundwork for clearing up a major production backlog. 

Mary had all four memoranda I had dictated, typed and on my desk. Additionally, both letters I'd written to Yazaki, my customer and friend in Kyoto, were completed and simply waiting on my signature.

As I was signing the letters Mary called me on my intercom.

"Mr. Stone. Ms. Miller is here for your 11:00 meeting. Should I show her in."

Maureen Miller was the sales rep for a well known tool and die manufacturer. I did not use their product but Mary had set up the meeting noting that our planned expansion would probably require such services in the future. 

I didn't know Ms. Miller personally but I was very familiar with the product and the reputation.

"Sure Mary. Send her in", I said cheerily.

I would blow this sales woman out the door in fifteen minutes and then take a long lunch. 

Maybe I'd even try to call Diane again.

CHAPTER 6

When Maureen Miller entered my office I know I let out an audible gasp. She was definitely not what I was expecting from a tool and die salesperson.

Ms. Miller couldn't have been a day over 25 years old, but she had a confident air about her that made her seem far more mature. She stood about 5'10" tall and weighed, I guessed, 270, maybe 275.

Her blond hair was professionally styled and she definitely knew how to apply make-up to her best advantage.

The conservative business suit couldn't hide the hourglass figure that was definitely more expansive in the upper 9 to 3. Her briefcase said business, but her body language said vixen.

Mary asked Ms. Miller if she wanted coffee or tea, and when she declined, Mary shut the door and left Ms. Miller with me.

She walked towards my desk, her hand outstretched.

"Good morning Mr. Stone. Thank you for taking the time out of your busy schedule to see me."

I shook her hand and offered her a seat at my office table.

"I'm always more comfortable at the table than staring at someone over my desk", I said as I pulled a chair away from the table for her.

I pulled a chair out directly across from her.

"What can I do for you Ms. Miller?", I asked jovially.

"Please Mr. Stone. Call me Em. All my friends call me Em", she chimed.

Her voice was melodic, almost angelic it seemed. I could tell immediately that I liked this young woman. She would go far in this business.

"Certainly Em, and please call me Don."

Em took off her suit jacket and placed it on the back of her chair before she sat down. 

I couldn't help but notice that my first impression of her was correct. Her chest was massive. The buttons on her blouse strained to remain clasped.

Em smiled sweetly.

"Don. As I told your assistant when I called, I represent a major tool manufacturer whose products you may have some interest in."

Eager to impress her with my knowledge of the products and services her company supplied, I politely corrected her.

"Tool and die manufacturer. Yes, I'm well aware of your company's reputation in the industry."

I felt pretty good about how this meeting would go. Em would see I was no easy push-over. Wham, bam. Give her ten minutes to pep talk her product and I'm out of here.

"Oh no Don", she said as her smile widened. "I represent a major TOOL manufacturer. I'm sorry if there was some kind of miscommunication."

I made a mental note to discuss with Mary how that kind of miscommunication could have occurred. I didn't want to sound flustered or misinformed and lose my upper hand.

"Yes, yes. I'm sorry Em. A major TOOL manufacturer. Please continue."

Em opened her briefcase as she elaborated for me.

"As I'm sure you know, a good tool can be used for a variety of things. It can be used to pound, grind, screw, burrow, or piston. Why, just about anything you can dream of, can be made possible with the right tool."

Em licked her lips.

I really didn't know what to say. I was trying for Business Executive but I know I sounded more like Business Jackass.

"You're quite right Em. Tools are essential. Particularly in my line of work."

"And also in mine", Em said. "Take this tool for example."

Em pulled the biggest, longest rubber cock I'd ever seen from her briefcase. It was every bit of 18" long.

As she took the tool from her briefcase she quickly stood and raised the hem of her skirt to her waist, and then sat back down. Her legs were spread to either side of the chair and I had an unobstructed view of her completely shaven, bald pussy.

It glistened wetly and the scent wafted up to me making me heady. I was speechless.

Em continued explaining to me, very matter-of-factly, as if this was the most natural thing in the world.

"This particular tool, when used by an expert, can explore the deepest regions of my body. Without such a tool those areas would remain unexplored. Virginal if you will."

She began to feed the head of the monstrous snake into her pussy, splitting her vaginal folds wide as the rubber cock sank deeper and deeper.

I was mesmerized. Part of me wanted to get her out of my office as quickly as possible before we were discovered. The other part of me wanted to fuck her brains out.

"Are you an expert tool user Don?", she asked. "Would you like to test drive this thing before you make a deposit?"

Virtually in a trance, I moved my chair over next to her and wrapped my hand around her impalement tool. Already a good six to eight inches of the rubbery tube were imbedded, and she was asking for more.
