 You plan to get a shower and a small breakfast after Sophia gets to school. You decide in the shower to get dressed in comfortable clothing and arrive looking natural. You step out and dry yourself off, paying a little bit more attention to your breasts than usual, savoring the sensation of the ribbed towel against your exposed nipples. Doing so inspires sparks of pleasure and heat in your pussy, and as you move your towel down your legs and over your ass, you know even without touching that you can dry everything off and will still be extremely wet when you're done. The thoughts of what will happen over the next few hours excites you in a way that no man or woman has been able to do before.

You avoid the mound of pleasure as you dry your legs, but only to prolong the inevitable. You finish your feet, hang the towel with one hand over the bar, and use the other hand to sample the heat from your vagina. The skin is smooth and dimpled, prepared and shaved before this day to make the time spent with his cock that much better later. You place your finger against your lips, finding them already swollen and moist. A stripe of juice oozes out of your pussy and you catch it with your finger, and as you stroke one long, continuous stroke of your digit up from your wet hole and against your clit, you look down between your breasts to see a spiderweb of your juice stretch from your clit to your finger as you lift it away...

It's difficult to resist, standing there alone in the bathroom, pussy throbbing with urgency, and finger poised to help. You touch again, more firmly, and begin circling your clit. Sparks fire. Your pussy gushes, and you can feel the burn as your instincts to cum take control. You're fingering faster, mouth open, eyes closed, and as you pant and tense, the first orgasm just in sight, you can imagine the tongue that will be doing this to you in little more than an hour. You moan aloud, stretching a single curse like a call for the future, "Oh, fuuuuuuuuuuuuck meeeee!" Your fingers fly, your pussy starts clinching, and you slide a finger in to stimulate that sensitive entrance, feeling the squeeze of your tightness.

Panting over and over, you slow your movements and come down off the high. You slip a finger into your mouth, tasting the horniness of your being. You set aside the comfortable clothing for the day, dig in your cabinet and pull out the crotchless panties. Having an excuse to wear them already excited you the night before, when you laid in bed with the rabbit vibrating wonderfully against all your favorite spots, cumming twice in the same night as you fantasized about being pounded.

The panties slid on easily enough, and the material hugs your pussy lips. Your pussy stays sensitive, and as you walk over to your pants sitting on the edge of the bed, the breeze against your privacy only tingles you to more wetness. You wonder if the ride will be one where you'll be able to keep your hands to yourself.

You put your pants on, bra, shirt, and find your purse and keys. You have butterflies, even though you already had such a memorable experience the last time you were with him. You get in your car and drive...and drive...and drive...

You arrive early, barely 9:00, and having texted Robert when you were but 5 minutes away you see that the front door is slightly cracked. You open it and see the room, clean and fresh, a candle lit on the table, making the room smell fresh and fruity. Laying in the bed, under the covers, Robert is laying there. You know he's waiting for you, and been waiting eagerly.

You smile, close the door, and come next to the bed. "Are you waiting for me?" you tease. He gives you a side-eye look, raises his eyebrows, and pulls the blankets back. You turn around, pull your pants down and bend over, giving him a delicious tease of your ass. You turn back around and he sees the front of your panties, a slice of pink between the dark material. He smiles as you get into the bed, and throw yourself on top of him, kissing him with a passionate fire that demands attention.

Your breasts push through the shirt, nipples caressing the material and heated against his chest. Your fingers find his neck, soft fingernail scratches down his throat. You work as pursuer, clawing at his shirt and pulling it off of him so you can feel his bare skin on your palms.

The saliva mixes, wet kisses and tongues entwining. Your hand moves down to pinch and flick his nipple, and he moans into your mouth as he fusses with the clasp of your bra through your shirt. It gives, loosening the restraint on your mounds and you sit up to pull the bra out of the shirt from underneath. He looks down at your panties then, feeling the cold of residual pussy juice left on the thigh you were straddling, and smiles. "Were you playing with yourself on the way here?" he asks. You smile mischievously and nod, using this pause to move one hand down to your pussy as you lift your leg, exposing yourself and playing with your clit at the same time. You moan softly, and as you do he begins kissing your neck and pinching your nipples through your shirt.

He moves one hand under the shirt and the other down to join your finger. Your hands overlap and as he's nuzzling you and squeezing your breast, his middle finger finds your hole and slides in. You gasp, the invasion breaking your concentration only long enough to look down into his eyes. You weren't expecting to be so hot so fast. You weren't expecting to be so wet so suddenly. And now you weren't expecting to be so close to your first shared orgasm so soon. You grunt and open your mouth wide as he kisses the side of your mouth, nibbling on your lip as he does so, and begin plunging his finger in more quickly. Even he can feel how hot you are, how desperate for an orgasm your mind is, and how much you need his help drives your instinct to mate.

You moan again, then get quiet and tense, your finger on your clit rapidly strumming as his finger pounds your pussy. He whispers into your ear, "Cum for me, Sara. Cum for me, right now...CUM!"

Your legs quiver. Your position falls, back to straddling him and causing his finger to slide out. Your rapid breathing on his neck heats you both up. He wraps his arms around you and holds you for a moment, letting the feeling coarse through you both. He matches his breathing to yours, letting your chests rise and fall in a seismic rhythm, comfortable and calming. You open your eyes and look into his, smile.

"That was nice," you say, your voice heavy with bliss. You kiss his ear, his cheek, his chin, his mouth. He matches your lips and dart his tongue in to your mouth, dancing with each other and playing together. You break the connection and look at him again, smiling. "This is what I've needed." As you lay on top of him, resting your head on his shoulder and enjoying the shared embrace, you realize being comforted by a close friend is so important for survival. It helped that he was so exceptional in bed, yes, and could bring her to mind-breaking orgasms so quickly and often she knew she was his puppet or plaything. But he treated her kindly, and that was more than she had felt with others...and she suspected was the reason he turned her on so easily.

Their sudden passion showed on her forehead, with small beads of sweat sparkling on her brow. Her shirt was still on, and it left her warmer than she wanted and less close than she wished she was against his body. Her breath was caught, her panting ceased, and she sat up and slid off the bed. He watched her as she did so, his eyes drinking in the view of her panty-covered pussy with the pink privates just daring to be seen between the slit in the material. It shimmered in the light, the wetness of her sex illuminated in the glow the lamp beside the bed threw. His lips crooked a contented smirk at the view, and he applauded himself for turning her on so fast. It made him feel bigger, more confident, and happy.

She crossed her arms and grabbed the edges of her shirt, pulling the shirt up and over her head in one smooth move, her pale skin exposed like a radiant statue of marble. The pink nips stood out, hard and dark, rising at the peak of each mammary, large. They hung seductively from her, and as she tossed the shirt to the floor beside her pants, the breasts jiggled and rippled, the nipples bouncing and strutting forward. She grabbed them and pinched their tips, pulling them from her skin and stretching them, sending shivers of pain and glory from her breasts to her pussy. She massaged her mounds as a show, and he stared, mesmerized.

A small moan escaped her lips, eyes half lidded, and she looked into his face as she showed off. It was exactly what she wanted to see. His green eyes wide and thirsty. His small grin. And from the evidence of his torso, his hard cock. She knew where he wanted that to go, and she wanted it in her badly. She wanted it inside her in ways she didn't normally think about. The idea of putting it in her mouth, the precum she predicted would be dripping from its tip, turned her on in a way she had never been before. She believed it possible to actually want to cum while blowing him. And that was...well, a new thought for her. She didn't know if she was just really horny, or if he woke up her libido in a way that hadn't seen daylight before. She didn't know if she'd cum from the hardness in her mouth alone, but knew that her horniness would be such that she couldn't stop her hand from playing with herself as she sucked on him.

She didn't ask for permission. She grabbed his shorts and pulled them down, awkwardly catching them against the linens beneath, and he laughed and lifted his hips to help her. The last time they were together, it had taken almost 2 hours before he was naked. This time, it took less than 10 minutes to get that way. His cock caught in the band of the shorts as she pulled down, and when it broke free the cock flipped back to position. slapping his abdomen and throbbing with urgency. She licked her lips and he saw her do so, betting she didn't even realize she had. It made him smile again, the littlest actions cheering him. The cock had spat out a button of precum already, and the slap of his penis on his belly spattered the clear fluid and made a string of his juice stretch from his tip to his body. It sparkled, and the precum didn't break apart, but rather stretched long as her hand wrapped around his dick and bent it up, straight up. She painted the head with her tongue, lapping the dollop of precum in one lick, and he watched as the precum strung a second thread from his body to his cock and his cock to her lips. He throbbed and an additional bubble of his juice gushed out.

You tease him with your delicious words. "My GOODNESS! You're turned on a little bit, aren't you?" You lean over and lick the head of his cock like ice cream, the precum pearled on the edge of your tongue. You close your mouth and smile at him. "God, you taste good." You bend over and suck the head into your mouth. He grunts, sudden pleasure exciting his body. You place your hand on his shaft, rising and falling as you suck and lick the purple swollen crown. He closes his eyes, savoring the feeling of her lips, warm and wet. When he opens them he sees her other hand between her legs, vigorously rubbing her pussy. There's a moist squishing sound with her hand's movement, and a sucking sound coming from her mouth. Her legs parted, her speed increasing, and her grip on his cock tighter. He moans again, hoping that his approval would hasten her orgasm. He wanted to watch her cum, the cock in her mouth feeding her mind with erotic excitement, and unable to contain the impending tide against her cunt. "If you cum for me," he rasped, "I'll trade places and eat you."

She looked over to him, sideways, noting his wide eyes and felt her vulva clench. She was sure it wasn't his offer that set her off. It was his eyes, watching her. Spying on her. She didn't even realize she was so into her fingering or her blow job. She was in her own seductive world, pleasuring and being pleasured, and recognizing the show she was putting on sparked a perverted excitement in her clit. She thrust her hips forward, took the cook out of her mouth and yelled as her pussy erupted in fiery pleasure. She never screamed when she came, but this woke up a fetish she didn't know she had...

He smiled at her. She stared at him as she orgasmed, and as her breath returned, she moaned, "You were STARING at me! Oh my god, it was like I was being watched secretly! It felt so wrong but I loved being seen." He placed his hand on her head, then slid it along her cheek, under her chin. It left a tingle of electricity on her flesh, and while she knew their union was mutually equal, used only for stress relief and fun, she felt how he cared about her as a person, and not a piece of ass.

Her legs quivered, and he pulled at her arms to get her to climb up beside him. She did so, cuddling by him and shivering gently, the orgasm still ruling her natural being. He held her, kissed her forehead, and rubbed her back in small circles. "You okay, Sara?" She nodded, and he added, "When you're ready, roll over...it's my turn next!"

She breathed in deeply, sighed, and rolled over. She knew what he could do, and her pussy was desperately screaming for his tongue. She had been with men and women, and for every person she had ever been eaten by, there was no one like Robert. The first time he talked about his skills, she doubted it, but her curiosity got the best of her. She kept asking, and he described more and more of what he could and has done, and ultimately his kindness and his willingness to offer to pleasure her without asking for anything in return tipped her decision to sleep with him. If it wasn't good, she recalled, she would still get laid, and that would be for the first time in a long time. And if it was worth it...well...

You laid on the bed, flat, your knees bent and head resting on his pillow. You spread your legs and felt your pussy lips pull and part, sticking to one another as your wetness coated the labia. It was cool and refreshing, and you felt wonderfully exposed while wearing those crotchless panties. It made you feel slutty and dirty...and intensely hot.

"Eat me," you say. He walks over to the foot of the bed and climbs onto it on his knees. He assumes a worshiping position, bent down, and you see his ass sticking into the air as his lips kiss the inside of your left thigh. You close your eyes slightly, breathe quicker, and admire the view. He was sexy in his own way. Intelligent, polite, and very very good in bed. His kisses traced an unseen trail to your pussy lips, which he sucked into his mouth and pulled with his teeth, gently. Your pussy juice was all over his face, and you clenched your teeth as he began lapping at your slit. He went lower, tongue painting her inner folds and finding the entrance to your pussy, opened, dripping. You had never had such pleasure before. Such attention. The first time you two had been together it had taken four days for your body to come down from the elated sex-high he put you into. If you had been on a week-long vacation, you knew you'd not eat anything besides his cock, and not drink anything besides his saliva and cum. You had been so incredibly horny that for a time you had to take restroom breaks to cum in the middle of the day to distract yourself from wanting to play with your cunt at your desk.

You looked down at the V's between your breasts and your legs and saw him looking up at your. He licked one slow, drawling lap up to your clit, followed by enclosing it with his mouth completely. You felt your clit being drawn out from its hood, the bud somehow pinched in between his teeth and tongue firmly, but not painfully at all, and that amazing move that only he knew began shocking your pussy. In waves it struck you, over and over, sucking and rubbing and coursing into you, and you knew your next orgasm was going to hit fast. You close your eyes and hiss, "Yessss..." Quiet arrived, your mouth wide as the sensation was just too much. You kicked your legs out wider and shoved his head against your pussy, your muscles rippling and shaking as you came so fast. He didn't stop. It was almost too much, and was about to push him off when the second orgasm struck. He had done it again, and so quickly! You came again, and your back arched and legs closed on his head, locking him into your cleft. You would just as soon fuck him to death now, you thought. He slowed down a little, and felt as his mouth released your clit.

"Breathe, Sara," he reminded you.

You took a breath and he went back to work, giving you just enough time to feel cool air before you was assaulted with pleasurable rushes on your clit. Your mouth still opened wide, eyes clenched, and you came again. It was something only he could do, you learned, and you believed you would happily die this way, given a choice.

You feel pressure against your entrance, and a finger dips inside you slowly, spreading your juices on him. His tongue continues to tease your clit, slower now, and you feel as he invades you with his long digit. It's dexterous, writhing inside you, and can feel it head down toward her anus. As he pushes down you realize to yourself that it feels odd, but it also feels enormous. Your cunt shivers as he pleases you in two ways at once, and as you come down from your multiple orgasm, you see his other hand grab your breast and squeeze your nipple. It's too much, and you feels another orgasm, though this one much more filling. You thrust your groin into his face, and can feel yourself squeeze more juices from your pussy. Your asshole clenches and you note a trickling wetness roll down your crack.

"Did...did I just squirt a little?" you ask.

He looks down and then up at you with a grin. "Looks like it." His finger wipes the wet stream along your pussy and up to his mouth. "Tastes wonderful. Looks wonderful!" He strokes you again, pushing two fingers into you, and starts fingering hard. It's an intense, up and down, jerking motion, and unlike his tongue, this one you feel through your whole body. Your legs shake and you can feel your breasts jiggle as he pumps his fingers up and down. You're so close to cumming again, but his arm weakens and you know it'll have to wait. He stops, fingers still twiddling inside your cunt, and says, "I want to fuck you...slowly."

You smile. You're used to moving fast, banging hard, and not lasting long. But this is different. You liked having him in you, and liked his control. He didn't do it to pleasure himself, though you knew he was enjoying every second. You knew it was because he wanted to please her. But going slow was...was...personal. He climbed up on top of her, her legs spread and in the air, her pussy open and waiting. His cock was hard, head a deep red, and a small line of precum shined on the tip. He grabbed his penis and rubbed it against her pussy, painting her clit with his meat, sparking her enjoyment and anticipation. He slid it down lower, splitting her and spreading her juice over the head of his cock. Then she could feel the head at her entrance. She waited for him to shove it in, one smooth motion, and waited. Instead he just teased his thrust, slowly entering and exiting her, heating up her pussy lips and left feeling empty. She wrapped her legs around him, ready to pull him on her, in her...but hesitated. She wanted him to go slow. She wanted to be pleasured in the way he wanted to. She wanted lovemaking.

He pushes into you, slowly, and you breathed in as you felt yourself fill up. It was warm and comforting, and you put your arms around him and pull his chest to you, laying him against you. You feel his heart beat in his chest, his breath on your ear, his cock throbbing in your wet pussy. He lifts and dips, his cock sliding sweetly into you, where it belongs. It's soft and gentle and comforting. His kisses tickle your neck and you close your eyes, enjoying the feeling of fucking without guilt. Or shame. Or disappointment. You feel the curls of your mouth as you smile without even meaning to, your pussy oozing lubricant on his hard cock, legs wrapped around his torso as you hold him close to you. You grab his head and put your lips to his, kissing him firmly, lips together, holding this position. As you part, his eyes find yours, and the rhythm of his hips never stop as he stares into you. He places his hands into yours above your head, and holds you as he fucks you. The closeness of your body to his is colorful, alluring, and without warning you find yourself nearing orgasm. You shut your eyes as you feel his kiss on your cheek, gently, and his thrusting never speeds up. It stay the same, continually up and down, deep and deep and deep and...