 Part 1

A long, busy day for you, you look forward to some rest when you get home. You enter a house that is dark and cool, shades drawn over the windows. You kick off your shoes and discard your socks, confused; you are sure you had left a light on when you left this morning. You go over to turn one on but are stopped as an arm coils around your waist, a hand slipping over your mouth. A familiar voice in your ear whispers, "Welcome home," and you relax, not yet knowing what is in store. There is an equally familiar bulge pressed against your ass, also recognized, mainly because it is nude and you're not.

Slowly, I pull you back towards the bedroom, pausing in the kitchen on the way. You notice your wrist and elbow cuffs laying on a counter.

"Put them on," I whisper softly into your ear, and you try to glance back at me, but I keep my head out of your field of view.

You shake your head, and my hand slips off of your mouth. You can't put them on wearing a shirt and bra after all, so I pull the shirt up over your head and off your arms, then undo your bra, letting them both lay where they fall.

"Put them on," I repeat, and you comply, sliding on the purple leather with their large rings. I pull you back again, through the kitchen, this time pausing as we leave it. You see the ankle and knee cuffs on the desk your computer is on.

This time, I undo your pants and shove them down to your ankles, pulling you a step back to clear them. I let go of your waist, and you pick up the cuffs and put them on, a faint smile playing around your lips as the scent of your arousal reaches your nostrils, and mine. You hear me stifle a soft groan of longing. Once the leather is on your ankles and knees, I slip my arm back around your waist, my hard cock pressing against your now bare ass, pulling you into the bedroom.

Once the door is shut, you feel leather wrap about your neck as I fix your collar on, then push you down onto all fours. You comply, mostly because the day has been so irritating and that good sex will help you relax. You hear the rattle of a chain, and you see my cock pass near your face before I lean down, sliding the chain through the rings on the wrist cuffs. I kiss your lips, feeling your tension.

"Rough day, eh?" I ask, smiling slightly. You nod, looking down as I feed the chains through the elbow cuffs, then through the collar's ring. I stand, my cock brushing against your lips, and you take it on yourself to wrap your mouth around my cock. I don't protest - a blowjob from you is always heaven.

"No hands," I say softly, running my fingers through your hair as your mouth goes to work, sucking at my shaft. Your tongue flicks over the head, tasting my precum, before you drop down, taking my cock fully into your mouth. Bobbing back and forth, using your tongue and a touch of teeth, you blow me so sweetly. You hear my groans, feel the tightening of my cock in your mouth. I run my fingers through your hair again, slowly detaching my cock from your mouth.

"Not yet," I say to your disappointed face. "Though that was absolutely perfect," I add.

I move around your body, running the chains down your sides. There is a drawing of slack as I pass the chain through the knee and ankle cuffs, then a full tightening, locking you into that position. You look confusedly over your shoulder at me as you try to stretch out of it, but are unable to as I lock the chain into the ring on the bed.

"Sorry, love," I say, smiling as I move in front of you again. "Tonight, it's my choice, as you got it last night." I reach down and grab your shoulders, pushing you slowly up, so that you come up in the same position, balanced precariously on your ass, your hands pressed against my chest. I slide beneath you, and lean up to take one of your breasts into my mouth, sucking at the nipple, running my tongue over it.

Already aroused, the touch of my warm mouth against your cold flesh makes you shiver. You have no idea how I'm going to do you tonight, and your anticipation is great.

Suddenly, you slide down, all the way onto my cock, my hips lifting to meet the descent at once. You cry out softly, as my cock plunges up into you. My hands are on your hips, beginning to lift you and pull you back, my cock driving hard into you. You try to lean forward, but the chains prevent it, leaving you to take my cock as I fuck up into you, guiding you up and down along my cock.

You gasp as my teeth dig into the flesh of your breast around your nipple, soft turned harsh all at once. My mouth moves all over your breast bit by bit, my teeth digging hard into each new spot, leaving red blotches all over your breasts. I push you back onto the bed, laying you in that awkward position, loosening the chains about your legs so that I can press your legs open wider.

My teeth are biting hard into your flesh repeatedly, causing you to gasp at each new bite. My cock drives nice and deep into you, taking you hard and fast, with you barely having the time to breathe.

Once the breast I had been biting is covered with marks, some red, some purple, some white, I move over to your other breast to give it the same treatment, my teeth digging even harder into the soft flesh there. My fucking of you is like a jackhammer - hard, relentless, and never-ending throughout, as my teeth leave a symphony of pleasured pain through your breasts.

Up to your neck my mouth goes, digging in hard at the base of your neck. You cry out as each new mark on your neck is placed, leaving them everywhere across your neck. Already, you've lost count of how many times you've plunged into the little death, and your body continues to build to more.

My hands wander from your waist, up onto your back, fingernails grown a touch longer for this occasion dragging fiery lines down your back. Your throat is covered with bite marks now, each one throbbing with each thrust of my cock into you, the sudden, red lines on your back joining in. Your head swims as orgasm after orgasm rips through you, and the last thing you remember is me pulling out of you and your aftershocks driving you to oblivion.

***

Part 2

You wake slowly, coming to conciousness bit by bit. Your body aches all over, painful reminders of the night before. Your breasts throb from the various bite marks planted on them, some heavy and already purpling from bruising. The pain is everywhere, but its center is located primarily around your neck, breasts and thighs, all of which bare the heaviest signs of rough handling. You don't mind; it's a good hurt.

You try to rise, only to find you are restrained. The cuffs on your wrists, elbows, ankles and knees are all chained together, running down your sides, holding you firmly in a position on all fours. You have been sleeping on your elbows, with your head on your hands, with only enough slack to lower yourself so that your knees and elbows don't hurt from bearing your weight.

A soft chuckle draws your attention slowly away from the pain, though it sends shivers down your spine as you recognize it. Your vision is blurry from hard sleep, however, and you can't make out the figure as it rises, moving over to you. A hand strokes through your hair, brushing it from your face and tucking it behind your ear.

"Good morning, sleepyhead," I murmur to you, bending down to kiss your lips, tasting the faint remnants of cum on them. "I've been waiting for you to wake up... you passed out last night, so I figured I might as well wait for you to wake so I can finish."

You give a soft moan, remembering in bits and pieces the previous night. The bites... the clawing... as you think of the latter, your back awakes with searing pain, bringing back where I had clawed you up the night before. You hear me moving around to your side, then behind you, my hands sliding over your ass, caressing the bruised cheeks and rubbing at them, causing the pain to die down to a dull throb.

"I think that, now that you're awake, we should explore an area we left untouched," I say quietly. Your body shivers, and you're unsure of whether to deny it or beg for it. You settle for a soft moan as my hands continue their work, moving up from your ass to your back, departing then returning with a cool gel that turns warm as it slides onto your flesh. Your body rocks back and forth under the gentle massage, the working in of warm oils that soothe your pains.

My hands move lower, caressing over your asscheeks, parting them slowly. More of the warm oil is spread, pressed into your tight anal passage, opening you with one finger. You twist and writhe at the intrusion of a second joining it, opening slightly to further prepare you. They work back and forth, igniting fires within you, your pained thighs slowly starting to drip as your juices flow.

A third finger presses into you, and all three begin to slide back and forth within you, slowly pumping, stretching you. You can't help but moan, though in pain or pleasure, or both, is uncertain. Certainly, the pain has dulled into a pleasant-feeling pulse with each beat of your heat, but now you're uncertain whether you want it to continue.

The three fingers pull out of you, and the question becomes moot. My hard cock presses against your tight opening, then thrusts all the way into you. Your back arches and you cry out as I press myself to the hilt inside of you, going still.

Your body twists, and you try to relax, slowly adjusting to the intrusion. As you begin to relax, my cock begins a rapid thrusting into you, driving you forward and pulling you back with each thrust. Hands on your hips, I drag you back onto my cock with every thrust, taking you hard and fast. Your breath comes in short gasps as I sodomize you, taking your last opening with relentless thrusts of my cock.

I lean over your body without slowing, digging my teeth into a relatively unmarred part of your neck. They bite down, hard, as I suck fiercely upon your flesh. You moan, your loudest sound yet, as I take you harder and faster.

My right hand leaves its attendant hip, sliding beneath you. Fingers probe at your cunt, running lightly along it before finding what they were searching for. Seizing upon your clit, they pinch down upon the nub, giving it a little twist before releasing, grabbing the dildo off the bed and pushing it deep up into your slit. Turning the vibrator on, I match its pace in and out of you with that of my cock, taking you in two holes at once.

The pace increases, turning into a brutal thrust for each time I drive into you, both for your ass and cunt. My teeth dig harder into your neck as my body tenses over you, my thrusts turning erratic. My lips leave your neck, biting viciously at your earlobe, my breath warm in your ear.

"I can't hold back anymore, Sarah," I whisper. "I'm going to cum."

The statement ignites you, and you fuck back against me, whimpering as you realize that I've been holding it for you all this time. My body stiffens and I lunge hard into you, causing you to cry out again, your cunt drenching the vibrator as my cock swells, then empties into your ass. My hips twist slowly, my cock moving slightly in your ass as my cum empties into you.

Finally, I drop back from you, undoing the lock on the chain binding you in this position. You crawl over to me and lean down, sucking my cock into your mouth and cleaning it with your tongue. Sucking softly until I'm hard again, then pulling back, crawling up my body so that you can rest against me, curling up on my lap so that your cunt rests against my cock.

With a mischevious look, you lean forward and nibble on my ear, whispering, "Again?"