 Ellie looked down at the man sucking on her tits.

"You're so not my type," she said to him as his tongue swirled across her sensitive pink nipples. 

Ellie was used to chiseled men with rock hard abs and gorgeous faces. She had always dated models and that suited her just fine. Beauty appreciates beauty, and she was by all standards and definitions a beautiful woman. Ellie had her type, and let's just say John was the opposite of that. He was much older than her, in his mid-forties, while Ellie was the ripe young age of 25. He was still handsome in a roguish type of way, but Ellie liked pretty boys, and John was more like a wild beast that had never been domesticated. He had dark hair and tanned skin, a perfect contrast to Ellie's rosy cheeks and porcelain skin. Her long strawberry red hair cascaded softly down her back and the soft curls caressed her curves. Her eyes were pale blue with the innocence and vitality of a young girl in all her beginning sexual splendor. 

"I could do so much better than you," she said, looking straight into his eyes.

John looked up at her and playfully bit her nipple in response.

"Ah!" she gasped as he greedily sucked on her milky white breasts and popped her swollen nipples in and out of his mouth.

"I know you can do better, Ellie," he said solemnly as he rubbed her perfect D-cup breasts, "but I can make you feel passion beyond your wildest dreams." He kissed her nipples and slowly made his way down to her tiny waist. He placed both hands firmly on her hips and pulled her panties down. They were lacy and cute, baby pink with strawberries on them. He smiled to himself at the silliness of panties, but his cock was rock hard as he unwrapped the sexy little pussy that would soon be his.

Her pussy was as perfect as she was. Totally smooth and bare, just the way he liked it. Her lips were swollen and flushed pink with excitement. He caressed her outer lips softly and she jumped in surprise. He ran his finger along her slit and teased her aching, swollen clit. This time she moaned.

"Oh my God, John. You're driving me crazy!" She bucked against his finger, her body screaming for more.

"What? With just this?" he pressed her clit harder and circled it faster and faster, "You're such a novice, Ellie." He said it to tease her but he secretly loved that about her. She was all talk. For all that bravado, she was still inexperienced and he was loving every minute of it. 

They were still standing and by this point Ellie was buckling under the pleasure radiating from her pussy, so he led her to the bed and pushed her back, her soft red curls fanning out around her like a halo. She looked like an angel. And as bad as it sounded, he wanted to defile her.

He got on top of her and caressed her face. She was blushing furiously and he kissed her cheek. "Ellie, I'm going to fuck you right now, hard. I'm going to pound that little pussy until you're screaming my name. Do you want that?" Ellie shivered a bit and her big blue eyes widened in surprise. She licked her lips and said breathlessly, "Yes, John, I want you to fuck me. I want your big hard cock inside my tight little pussy. I want it so bad." With that he kissed her lips passionately and felt her body undulate in response. 

Her pussy was wet and glistening and he licked his lips with lust. He positioned the tip of his cock at her fresh young womanhood and started to push. 

"Go slow," she said worriedly, gripping his arm. "Please, go slow."

He pushed in slowly, the mushroom tip of his cock barely moving in. 

"Jesus, you're so fucking tight!" He gasped at how tight her pussy was. His cock was being clamped down like a vice. Her pussy squeezed and contracted and he moaned loudly. He had never felt anything like this in his entire life. "Ellie, Ellie! Oh my God, Ellie!"

Inch by inch he slowly pushed into Ellie's sweet pussy. It was burning hot and John thought if he died right now he would gladly go to hell. Ellie was moaning and bucking her hips, mewing like a little kitty cat. With that, John gave one final push and plowed every inch of his rock hard cock into the screaming and moaning Ellie.

Ellie's long legs were wrapped around John and sweet little Ellie was bucking up and down begging to be ravaged. John grabbed Ellie's hips to stabilize himself and then pounded into Ellie with no mercy.

His long thick cock was pulsating and he plunged in and out of Ellie with long strokes. He loved bringing her to the edge. He pulled out of her completely, rubbed her clit with his shaft, and plunged back into her. She was soaking wet and their fucking was making delicious wet noises. The slap, slap, slap of his balls on her pussy was making him even hornier. He grabbed her legs and threw them on top of his shoulders. He wanted to go deeper.

***

Ellie felt John's thick cock rip through her. He was pounding into her mercilessly. Her huge tits were bouncing wildly and John grabbed both of them and squeezed them together. She freed one of her tits and started sucking on her own nipple. She was going to cum. Ellie's legs were almost behind her head now and John was fucking her with abandon, deeper and deeper, grinding into her clit with every stroke. 

"Ahh! I'm coming, John, I'm gonna cum!" I screamed wildly and bit down on my nipple. John growled like an animal and fucked me furiously, going even deeper than before. I moaned and it felt like my clit was on fire, wound up tight like a spring. John kissed my lips and it felt like my clit had exploded. I felt my pussy clamp down on his cock over and over and over again. "I'm coming, John! Oh my God, it feels so good!" I was completely and utterly delirious with lust. I was having the best orgasm of my life with a man I never would have given a second look. "Don't stop, don't stop," I moaned it like a mantra. I never wanted him to stop.

***

John felt Ellie's pussy clamp down on his cock and he yelled out at the intensity of her orgasm. Fuck, this girl could cum. He felt like she was milking the life out of him, but he wasn't going to let her get away so easily. Ellie was breathless from her orgasm and he kissed her passionately, her lips swollen with desire. "Like it, baby?" he said with a sly grin. Without giving her a chance to respond, he flipped her over and plunged into her pussy from behind. Her back was arched and her ass was in the air. She was on her knees but her face was pressed into the bed. He could see the side of her face and she was licking her own fingers lustfully. 

He pounded into her, pressing his hand on the base of her spine, watching her moan in desire and push delightfully back onto him. He moaned and pulled her up to him so that her back was touching his chest. He grabbed her tits roughly and she gasped. 

"Fuck me harder, I want you to own me," she said defiantly. I grabbed her neck and chest and she stiffened in surprise. "Don't tempt me girl," I growled into her ear as I fucked her. One arm was wrapped tightly around her tits and the other across her neck. She couldn't escape me even if she wanted to. My hand covered her mouth and I felt her whimper and fuck me back harder. 

She licked the inside of my palm and I loosened my grip. She started sucking on my fingers and put two of them in her mouth, sucking on them as though she were sucking on my cock. She moaned and purred, her silky pussy pulsating non-stop. I fucked her relentlessly. And I took out my frustration on her.

"You think you're so fucking sexy, don't you." I grabbed her neck again. "You think you're better than me, Ellie?" She let out a strangled moan but to my surprise she still had the audacity to reply.

"Yes, I'm better than you, you worthless bastard. You know that," she shot back viciously, all while fucking me back. I could feel her pussy twitching. This was exciting her.

"Look at who's fucking you, Ellie. This worthless bastard is fucking your brains out!" She turned her face to me and I kissed her roughly.

"You're just a plaything. A little rich girl's new toy," she said boldly and I wasn't sure if she was kidding or serious. I was angry at this point but hard as a rock. She was insulting me but my cock was ready to explode at any moment. 

"You're a nobody," she mocked. 

I lost it.

I grabbed her hair and pulled her back. I pinched her nipples and she screamed. I could feel the cum building up in my balls. Her long red hair was wrapped around my forearm and her huge tits were jutting out and bouncing as I fucked her. I bit her neck hard and pounded into her with a vengeance. She was crying out in pleasure and pain and I was enjoying every second of it. She was at my mercy.

"Well, this nobody is going to cum inside your tight little pussy right now," I growled viciously. She let out a sharp gasp and I bit down on her neck again.

"My cock is going to explode inside you, I'm going to fill you up with my cum. You're gonna take it all baby, your pussy's gonna drink up my jizz." Ellie couldn't stop moaning. She was writhing under me and I could feel her pussy tremble. She was gonna cum too.

***

John was pounding into me savagely. My pussy was sore and bruised but I didn't care. I couldn't stop the savage beast inside him and I didn't want to. I knew I was going to cum. I insulted him and he fucked me even harder. 

"I'm gonna cum inside you, Ellie, he threatened. "You're a spoiled little brat and this so-called nobody is gonna squirt his cum into you and you'll like it."

A jolt of excitement went through me. My pussy was trembling and I could feel John's cock pulsating in me. He was going to cum. Our hot sweaty bodies were on the brink and I wanted to feel his hot jizz inside me. I fucked him back and he bit my neck. I screamed.

"You like it, you little brat. Take my cum."

With that I lost all control I had and felt my pussy clamp down tightly around his cock. It wouldn't stop contracting and it hurt but I didn't care. I was cumming so hard I thought I would pass out, and I wanted to die with his cock inside me. I felt waves and waves of pleasure radiating through my pussy, spreading through my hips, stomach, tits, everywhere. He was so deep inside me. And that's when I felt it. John's hard cock was twitching furiously. My orgasm had triggered his own and he was moaning uncontrollably.

"Oh Ellie, I'm coming, I'm gonna come inside you!" He was panting furiously. And with one final push he grabbed my tits and dumped all his cum into me. His jizz felt like hot jet streams burning into my pussy and I screamed. He clutched me tightly and kissed me hard. His cum was still pouring into me, and it was making me horny. He kept moaning my name and I could feel my pussy fill up with his jizz. I was still cumming too and my pussy squeezed his cock tight and milked every bit of hot sperm out of him. I felt myself go weak at the knees and I dropped down to the bed.

***

Ellie fell to the bed and my cock came out of her with a slurp. My cock was glistening with her juices and my cum mixed together. My dick was still pounding from the pulsations of Ellie's tight pussy. I couldn't breathe. I looked at Ellie, she was on her back, eyes closed, breathing hard. She looked like an angel. Then I looked down at her swollen pink pussy dripping with cum. "Fuck, I actually came inside you. It felt so fucking good, baby."

Ellie moaned and opened her eyes, looking straight at me with those sparkling baby blues. "Yeah baby, you really filled me up with your hot cum," she purred. "Wanna see?"

My eyes widened a little. Ellie got on her knees and spread her pussy lips. I could see my white cum ooze out and she looked at me with hungry eyes. She played with her clit and squeezed it and I could see more of my thick cum pour out of her pussy. She touched our mixed cum with her fingers and put it on her lips and then on mine. My cock was rock hard again and she giggled in delight. 

My cum was dripping down her leg now and making wet spots on the bed. "Come here," I growled and brought her to me. I kissed her again, tenderly this time. I laid her down and looked at her again. Any trace of meanness or superiority was gone, the girl who viciously insulted me was nowhere to be found. 

Looking up at me with wide-eyed innocence, she smiled shyly at me. She was blushing and for some reason that warmed my heart. "Did I do okay?" she whispered nervously. She covered her face with her hands. Even though she was gorgeous, I knew she was insecure. Maybe that's why I lucked out with her in the first place, I thought wryly. I pulled her hands away from her face and said, "You're amazing Ellie, I don't deserve someone like you."

She kissed me on the cheek and whispered in my ear, "I know you don't deserve me. You're a nobody." She giggled and wrapped her hand around my already rock hard cock. I pushed her back on the bed and spread her legs. "We'll see about that," I grinned, as I pushed my cock into her dripping wet pussy. "This nobody is going to fuck your brains out, Ellie."