 "Isn't this beautiful?" asked Tom. "The winding driveway gives you the privacy you are looking for. The house sits on the north edge of a 25-acre lot, 20 acres of which is heavily wooded. There's a full sized in ground pool and Jacuzzi in the back and a lap pool and sauna the basement. There is also a trail winding its way through the woods. It begins over there and ends over here, and it's about a mile long so it's a nice hike. So, where would you like to go first?" he asked his client.

"Let's start with the house. Then if I like what I see, we'll tour the rest of the grounds." Tina said as she started to get out of the car.

"Oh, here. Let me get your door for you." Tom offered as he walked around the car. As he opened the door, Tina's purse slipped from her hand and fell to the ground.

"Oh shit." she said as she bent to pick it up. When she bent over, her blouse fell open slightly and Tom couldn't help noticing she wasn't wearing a bra. As she stood up and smoothed her skirt, Tom could see her nipples through the fabric of her blouse.

"Well, shall we?" he asked as he motioned toward the house. As he unlocked the front door he said, "The house has three bedrooms, each with its own bath, as well as a common bath on each floor. Straight ahead from the entryway is the kitchen. To the right of the entryway we have the family/entertainment room with bar. The door at the back of the family room leads to the laundry room complete with industrial sized washer and dryer. To the left of the entryway is the den." 

Tina had been behind him most of the time and when he turned around to lead her from the entryway into the kitchen, he caught her in the act of unbuttoning the third button of her blouse and billowing it. He blushed.

"Is it hot in here or is it just me?" Tina asked.

"Uh...let me check the thermostat. It's right over here at the bottom of the stairs. Well it's set at 70 degrees. I'll turn it down to 65 for you. The central air in this place is both strong and efficient."

"Thank you." she said, continuing to puff her blouse out again and again. Soon her fully erect nipples were holding the fabric off her breasts. Tom's cock began to stir.

"You're welcome. Now straight through here we have the kitchen, complete with dishwasher, restaurant sized refrigerator, two microwaves, top-of-the-line oven, breakfast nook over there, an island in the middle for food preparation, and loads of cabinet space." he listed the features as they entered the kitchen. Tina went to the oven and bent over to look inside. Once again her blouse was opened by the weight of her breasts. Tom's cock was now straining the fabric of his trousers. Tina noticed this as she stood up from the oven. Tom quickly continued, "The door to the left of the kitchen leads to the bathroom. The sliding doors lead out to the patio. The pool is down the steps to the left, the Jacuzzi is right next to the pool. That little building to the right is a smokehouse. OK, I think that's it for the ground floor. Shall we go up or down next?" he asked. Tina walked over to him.

"Personally I prefer to go down, " she said, looking him in the eye as she squeezed his raging hard cock through his trousers, "but I want to see the bedrooms." she finished as she turned and strode away. "They're up these stairs, right?" she asked.

"Uh...oh yeah!" Tom stammered as he hurried to join her at the stairs. 

She started up the stairs ahead of him and he stared at her slowly swiveling hips and ass all the way up. She waited patiently at the top of the stairs, smirking.

"To the right are the guestrooms. The master suite is down there to the left. Off the master suite is a deck that over looks the pool and backyard, complete with a private Jacuzzi." he said as he led her to the master bedroom suite.

"Show me." she said, with a sensually devious look on her face.

"It's just through these doors. " he said as he led her to the French doors across the room. He opened them and they walked out onto the deck. "Isn't it a beautiful view?" Tom asked.

Tina looked out over the yard. "Yes it is. Can anyone see you up here from the pool or patio? Because I sunbathe quite a bit , in the nude, and I'd hate to be giving someone a free show. At least not without knowing I was." she said as she winked at him. 

"I believe you'd be safe from view from below if you were to lie on a towel or blanket on the deck itself. However if you were to lie on the bench then yes, you'd visible from the pool." Tom answered, thoughtfully looking out over the pool.

Tina walked over to the Jacuzzi and turned on the jets. "Oh how nice! It even has underwater lighting for those romantic evening encounters in the open air." she said as she began opening the rest of the buttons on her blouse, her back to him. Then as she pulled the blouse out of her skirt, she turned to face him. "Wanna try it out?" she asked sensually. She paused to let him look her over. The blouse hung open in the front, revealing an athletic abdomen while continuing to hide her ample breasts from his eyes. She strode over to him.

"I...I...I really don't think we should do...this." he managed to stammer as she began to untie his tie and opened his shirt. "I have an appointment across town in an hour." he finished more sternly, firmly taking her hands in his.

Tina leaned against him, pressing her breasts against his hands and chest. "Oh come now, Tom. I've noticed the way you've been watching me all day long at every house you've shown me. This is the last house I'm looking at today." she turned away from him and strode over to the Jacuzzi. "It's also the last chance you'll ever have to get your hands on these." she said as she shrugged the blouse off her shoulders. She cupped her breasts in her hands as the blouse fell to the deck. "So what's it going to be, Tom? Are you going to just stand there and look at these wonderful tits of mine, or are you going to make the sale?" she asked, rubbing her nipples so they stood up, closing her eyes and sighing in response to the sensations.

"Oh I'm going to make the sale, alright!" Tom said. He took off his shirt and tie, then stepped over to her and pulled her to him, kissing her deeply as his hands found the zipper on her skirt and unzipped it. Her hands went to work on his belt and trousers, trying to free his cock. She knelt in front of him as it sprang free. She tugged his trousers to his ankles then stroked his cock a few times before taking it all into her mouth. She sucked it all the way in again and again, playing with his balls with one hand as she did. Tom groaned as he wound his fingers through her hair.

"Mmm, damn did anyone ever tell you that your cock tastes as good as it looks?" Tina asked, licking her lips as she looked up at him.

Tom laughed before replying, "Yeah, my wife told me once or twice." he said, as he pulled her face up to his and their lips met passionately. He pushed his fingers into the waistband of her skirt and pushed it down past her hips, to the deck. he put his hands on her hips to pull her closer to him and discovered she had no panties on. "Do you always go freestyle or is this a special occasion?" he asked, smiling at the gorgeous woman standing nude in front of him with her hands on his cock. She led him by the cock to the Jacuzzi.

"Free is the way to be baby. There's nothing like a cool breeze up my skirt and across my gleaming wet pussy to give me a thrill." she said, laughing. She sat up on the edge of the Jacuzzi, facing Tom. He kissed her gently on the lips and slowly worked his way down her body, pausing at her breasts.

"Did anyone ever tell you your breasts taste as good as they look?" he asked between licks. He went back to sucking and occasionally nibbling on her nipples.

She chuckled, "Yeah, my husband has told me that once or twice." She took his head in her hands and guided him lower. "Keep going, lover. It gets better." she said as he kissed his way back and forth across her belly. When he reached her pussy, he was shocked into pausing by the fact that it was smooth shaven.

"Oh I like this." he said as he licked at her pussy lips. "Mmmm, smooth as a baby's butt, just as soft too." he licked the light triangle of skin where her pubes once were. She sighed as his tongue traveled across he clit, which was poking out from below her lips.

She abruptly stepped away from him. Taking his hand in hers, she moved to the other side of the Jacuzzi. "I want some serious tongue. Come here, ya stud." she purred as she pulled him with her. She sat up on the edge of the tub and leaned back against the house, spreading her legs wide and opening her pussy for the world to see.

Tom settled into the water in front of her, his face level with her now glistening pussy. He grasped each of her pussy lips and pulled them wide, opening her vagina. He could see her juices pooling in the folds of her pussy, running over the edge and down across her ass. He stuck a finger in her pussy and worked it around, gently stroking her g-spot.

"Mmm, oh god you are so good at that. I want some tongue." she moaned, guiding his face to her pussy and clit.

"Be patient, Tina. Your clits time is coming. I promise it will be worth the wait." Tom said as he continued to work his finger back and forth across her g spot. He then leaned back and started to lick and nibble on the back of her knee, slowly working his way down her leg until he was an inch from her clit, which was standing tall and hard, poking out of its confines as if reaching for his tongue. Then he switched to her other leg. 

Tina moaned in frustration. She began to play with her tits, squeezing them and pinching her own nipples until they, too, stood tall and hard. Her pussy was getting wetter and wetter the longer Tom worked his finger around. Then he inserted a second finger and proceeded to probe deeper and deeper into Tina's hot, wet pussy. The sound of her pussy squeezing his fingers being made audible by the abundance of juice in her pussy. 

Tom returned his attention to her pussy. He licked down one lip then up the other and back down again. Moving his tongue in circles around her pussy, avoiding her clit. Soon Tina's face grew flushed and her breathing quickened. He took this as a sign that she was going to cum. He latched onto her clit with his teeth and flicked at it relentlessly with his tongue. Tina's quick breathing turned to quick moaning, her hips began to buck against his fingers. He could feel her pussy clenching his fingers. As her moans increased in volume, he used his secret weapon. He took her clit back into his mouth and hummed lightly, like a vibrator.

Tina screamed and her legs clamped around Tom's head like a vise. She thrust her pussy at his face again and again, thrusting his fingers as deep as they'd go. The orgasm went on like that for minutes. Eventually Tina came back to Earth and slumped limply back against the house. Tom just smiled and sat back into a seat, enjoying a jet against his back. Soon, Tina's breathing returned to normal and she sat up from the house and settled down into the seat next to Tom. 

"That was incredible. Easily the best orgasm I've had in a long time, and trust me, my husband knows how to get his woman off good. You two need to get together so you can teach him to do whatever you just did to me." Tina said a she snuggled up to Tom.

Tom put one arm around her as she snuggled. Playing with her breast, he said, "I don't think your husband would like the idea of his incredibly sexual wife knowing another guy can teach him something. " they both chuckled at the comment. Then Tina turned toward him and began nibbling and sucking on Tom's ear and neck. Tom sighed as she reached down and began stroking his cock. It didn't take long before Tom was rock hard and standing tall again under Tina's talented touch. Her strokes gained in tempo. 

"Now, let's see what I can do for you." she said as she settled onto her knees in front of him, watching her hand on his cock under the water. She stroked him hard a few times as she took a deep breath, then disappeared under the water. Tom gasped as her mouth replaced her hand and she slid her hands under his ass and squeezed it hard, sinking her nails into his cheeks. 

Tom raised his ass out of the water and sat back on the edge of the Jacuzzi. Tina let his cock out of her mouth long enough to take a breath and her hair out of her way. She played with his balls with one hand and squeezed his ass again with the other as she sucked his cock down her throat again and again. Occasionally she'd stop at the top and nibble on the head while she pumped his cock vigorously in her hand, then abruptly take him all the way into her throat again, humming on every down stroke. It didn't take much of this to make Tom explode into her mouth. She stopped Tombing up and down and proceeded to suck the cum out of his cock like a straw as she milked it with her hand. Only after she'd sucked him soft did she relinquish her grip on his cock and settle back into the water, relaxing in a seat against a water jet. Tom moved to join her.

"Hold on there, lover boy. You said you had an appointment across town to go to. You'd better get cleaned up and go." she said as she rose up off her seat and leaned against the same side of the tub Tom was sitting on.

Tom pouted as he climbed out of the tub and gathered up his clothes. He went into the house and came back out with two towels. As he turned the corner on the deck, her watched Tina moving in the Jacuzzi. She had one hand on the edge and one hand in front of her pussy. He knew by the look on her face what she was doing but he asked anyway.

"What are you doing? Are you alright?" he asked as he dried himself off and got dressed.

"Oh...I'm...just...ah!...fine. I found a new...oh yeah...toy in here." Tina said.

Now fully dressed, Tom strode over to the Jacuzzi to see what she was talking about. He just chuckled as he watched Tina ride the turbulence from one of the jets. He reached over and tweaked her nipples, hard.

"Oh...my...god!" Tina screamed for the second time in half an hour. He let go of her nipples, leaving red pinch marks behind, as she slumped back into the seat across from the jet she'd just fucked herself with. When she regained her senses, she said, "You'd better go! You're going to be late." She stood up, not without great effort, and took the towel he offered her as she stepped out of the Jacuzzi.

"What about you? Don't you want a ride to your car?" he asked.

"No. After a session like that, it'll be a while before I'm ready to go anywhere. I'll just have a friend give me a ride. What time do you plan on getting off work tonight?" she asked.

"My last appointment is at 6:30 so I should be done by 7:00. Why?" he asked, noticing the gleam in her eye.

"I will be waiting for you in your office at 7:00, to finish what we started here. So don't be late." she said, grabbing his cock as she walked past him into the master suite.

"Just like that, huh? To hell with your husband?" he said.

Tina stepped out of the bathroom and he could hear the shower running. She stood before him, playing with her pussy, and said, "Oh no, not hell. I intend to take him to heaven. I intend to fuck him like he's never been fucked before." Then she turned and firmly shut the door in Tom's face.

He just grinned. 

"Damn! I have to come home for lunch more often!"

The End.....(for now)