 Finding a house because you don't like where you are living is one thing. Finding a house as a result of a "forced relocation" by your local friendly employer is another matter. I got the word that I was leaving Ohio and moving to Denver in late November. As if getting used to the new group of people you work with in a new city isn't bad enough, you have to go out in a city you hardly know and find a place to live. To make things worse, my relocation happened in the middle of winter. Yea, Merry fuckin' Christmas. By the time I got off work each day, there is about zip sunlight left. I was, nonetheless, in need of a house. I phoned a local ReMax real estate agency and was turned over to a "relocation specialist" (aren't they all?). 

She sounded nice on the phone, but I imagined I was really getting my usual image of a real estate agent; some kid's mommy who got bored staying home and thought she would go out and sell houses part time. Just in case you don't have the picture nice and clear, she is also pushy (probably in the job description), smokes (ditto), and has about the same sex appeal as a gerbil. This one's name was Claudia and I agreed to meet her at her office on Wadsworth Boulevard after work that day. Funny how the mind works. The last woman I knew by the name of Claudia was in college. If she weighted an ounce, she weighed 500 pounds. To say she had pendulant tits was something of an understatement - she had a pair of udders! Yea, she was so good looking that she made a moose look cute. As it turns out, I was in for a surprise. I just assumed that this Claudia would look like the other one, no particular reason, I just did. That was my perception of a Claudia.

At the end of the workday that day I went over to the real estate office. Before leaving my car, I slipped my Mini-Maglite flashlight into my jacket pocket. Looking at houses in the dark isn't a great idea, but even in broad daylight it often helps to have a flashlight to look into those places that agents would rather you didn't. I waltzed into the office and asked for Claudia. So much for preconceived notions, she was really cute and probably in her late twenties. She was wearing one of those clingy sweater dresses that leaves nothing of her figure to you imagination. Things were looking up. I followed her back to her desk (and to show you what sort of pervert I am, she had no wedding or engagement rings, a thin bra strap, and very skimpy - probably thong - undies on), and we talked for a few minutes about what I was looking for. A few minutes later we left for a house she had listed just west of Brighton. She was the only one who had a clue about where it was, so naturally she drove. She really was good looking, in spite of that winter coat she was now wearing. I was having a hard time keeping my eyes off of her, and would have loved to get my hands on her.

After driving for what was probably going to be more of a commute than I wanted, we arrived at the house. It was very hard to tell what condition the outside was in with as little light as there was now, and I could only get a fair idea of what the yard looked like. Claudia unlocked the front door and we stepped in. It was warm in the house, but when she hit the light switch, nothing happened. The previous owner had moved out, and it was one of those new houses that have no built in lights! Okay, there was one exception. There was a light in the kitchen, but that sure didn't light the rest of the house. We would be stumbling around in the semi-darkness trying to see what this place looked like. Damn good thing I had my flashlight with me, as she didn't have one with her or in the car. It was warm enough that we shed our coats in the kitchen and then proceeded to look at the rest of the rooms - as much as we could with one little flashlight. Did you ever try to figure out what color walls and carpet are with a flashlight? Nice trick if you care to try it some time.

"We might as well start in the basement and work our way up," she said. "It's partly finished, and it's down here she said starting down the hall.

We went down the hall to a door. She opened it and suddenly stopped. I had expected her to just go on down the stairs, and so I ran right into her backside. To keep from pushing her down the stairs, I instinctively put my arm around her waist and pulled her to me. "Sorry," I said, "I thought you were going down the stairs." She felt great; nice firm body!

"That's okay, I just thought the one with the flashlight ought to go first as it's dark down there."

I thought she would have stepped away from me, but stayed up against me as she reached for my hand with the flashlight.

"It's partly finished," she said taking the light. " They finished in one bedroom and another closet or something. I say 'something' as it's too small to be a bedroom and too large to be a closet. There are two large ring-bolts in the ceiling, so maybe that's where they did kinky sex or something," she said as she started down the stairs.

Maybe she had sex on the brain just as badly as I did. I must admit I was paying a lot more attention to her than I was the house, even if it was pretty dark in there. "Kinky sex, as in the whips and chains thing?" I asked.

"Could be. I never bothered to ask them before they left the state."

We looked around the unfinished part first, and then went into the one bedroom down there. She stopped short in the doorway and I again ran into her. She had the flashlight, so I had no idea why she stopped, but I sure liked bumping into her! Again I put my arm around her to prevent her from falling forward. "Oops, sorry," I said.

"I just thought you were farther back and was waiting for you to catch up. I didn't want to get too far ahead and leave you in the dark."

"No, I'm right behind you." Somehow I got the idea that she liked me bumping into her. That excuse sounded a little thin, but I sure liked the feel of her. I was a little slower in removing my hand from her stomach, and slid it across her stomach and part way down her hip before removing it from her. She didn't say or do anything to discourage me. Quite honestly, at this point I didn't know if she thought I was just some horny guy who couldn't keep his hands off her and was copping a feel or two, or if she was encouraging me.

We looked at the small room with the ring-bolts in the ceiling. I wasn't willing to read quite as much into those rings as she was, but went along with her theory anyway. "Maybe they called this room the dungeon," I offered.

"Could be. Maybe they had it down here so they could make all the noise they wanted to and no one would hear them. You could probably scream and moan all you wanted to down here and no one would hear you outside."

She had to be encouraging me; she really did. I didn't know if she was into that kinda kinky sex, but I didn't happen to have any rope with me and there was no carpet on the floor. This was not a room for sex right now unless you wanted to do it standing up. "Let's see the other rooms upstairs," I suggested.

"Okay, right this way," Claudia said heading for the stairs.

We looked at the other rooms in the house and finally got to the master bedroom. A little light from the kitchen made its way into this room helping a little, but very little.

"This is really a pretty classy master bathroom," she said opening the door to the bathroom. "It even has a bidet."

"I guess his wife liked to really get clean before or after sex."

"Maybe he put it in so she could wash herself off before he ate her."

"Nah, there is something very sexy about the natural taste and smell of a woman, unless she really gets ripe. It was probably to wash herself off after sex."

"Do you like the natural smell of a woman?" she asked turning to me.

"Hell yea!"

"A horny woman? One that's getting wet at just the thought?"

"Even better! I'll bet you smell and taste great."

"There's only one way to find out."

"There sure is." I took hold of her knit dress at the waist and pulled it up and over her head. There wasn't much natural light in the room, and that little flashlight wasn't adding all that much, but the view of Claudia now dressed in only her skimpy dark bra, even skimpier undies, and thigh-high stockings was breathtaking. I undid the snap on that front closing bra and slowly slid it down her arms. The view only got better. Those were tits on this Claudia, not a pair of udders. Nice firm ones with small areolas and long sexy nipples.

"I think you're a little over dressed," she said sliding her panties down her legs.

I got out of my clothes in what had to be record time. If she had any doubts about how I felt about her body, it was immediately obvious how I felt about her when I dropped my boxers - even in this dimly lit room.

"Hmm, very nice," she said taking hold of me. "I think you'll find this home has very nice carpet in it too. They put a lot of money into a great carpet pad, and the carpet itself is nice and soft. It won't give you rug- burns quickly the way a lot of cheaper carpet will."

"That's very nice, especially in circumstances like this where there's no bed," I said guiding her down to the floor.

"I sure hope you like eating pussy," she said laying on her back and spreading her legs. "That's the one thing my boyfriend isn't too good at."

I wondered what he was going to think when he found some other guys come leaking out of her if he got to screw her tonight, but was smart enough not to ask. "I love it," I assured her. I got down on the floor with her, and kissed her soft sexy lips. Her hot sexy naked body felt wonderful pressed against me. I dueled with her tongue as her lips parted, and then started on down to what she really wanted kissed. I wasn't in any hurry. I kissed her neck, her chest, around each breast and finally sucked each nipple firmly into my mouth. I just loved sucking on a nice perky nipple, and she really had great ones. I think if I sucked on hers long enough, and maybe just gave her a little finger on her clit, she would have gotten off easily. I would have, but I wanted her to come on my tongue. After paying a fair amount of attention to each of her very sexy nipples, I continued my kissing journey down her tummy and on to that special place between her legs. Claudia had a very neatly trimmed little bush, and much to my surprise, she did what's called a pro-shave. She had a little bush on her mound, but she shaved the underside. Yea, those nether lips were completely fur-less. This was going to be great eating.

"Do I smell okay?" she asked.

"Fantastic!" I assured her. She did smell great. It was the nice clean scent of a hot woman. The natural smell that I find highly erotic; it sure beat the lack of smell and taste of a woman fresh out of a shower - not to be confused with one that didn't know what a shower was. I got between her legs and gently licked her from that sensitive area between her sex opening and her asshole all the way up to the top of her tight little slit.

"Harder," she moaned, "Don't tease me like that."

"What's the rush?"

"I'm too horny. I want to come all over your tongue!"

"Your wish my lady." I pushed her legs up, exposing her little asshole, and started there this time. I licked around it, pressed my tongue firmly against it, and then ran it firmly up her wet slit. I tasted her sweet juices as I crossed her sex opening, and parted her sex lips as I headed her waiting clit.

"Oh yea, that's it," she moaned as I licked her. She jumped a little as my tongue came firmly in contact with her very aroused and swollen clit. It wasn't hard to find her clit. It was a fair sized one, and sticking out from inside it's hood just waiting for me to lick it. "Do that again!"

I did it again, and again, and again. I licked her asshole and worked my way up to her clit each time.

"Finger me," she said firmly, almost demanding. "Put a finger inside me while you lick my clit. Jesus I'm hot; make it two fingers."

I knew she wasn't going to last long. She was just too horny. I put three fingers part way into her hot tight little sex opening, getting them all nice and wet. Then I pulled them back out again and put the third finger up to her little back door. With a gentle shove, it went up her ass as the other two went back into her tight pussy. As I did that, I started to lick her clit in earnest.

"Oh God, that's it!" she just about screamed.

All three fingers got a good hard squeeze from her very strong muscles. She must have done her Keigel's every day the way she could grip my finger. It was very impressive. Her knees were drawn up so they were just about touching her tits now, and she appeared to be holding them there with her hands. It was a little hard to tell from my position, and the near darkness didn't help any. This is one time when a lamp, even a little lamp, would really be a nice thing to have. What light there was from the kitchen just wasn't enough to let me really appreciate her sexy body. As I continued to lick and suck on her aroused clit, I slowly moved my fingers in and out of her. She was going to go over the edge very quickly. I would have loved to have kept her there and teased her for quite some time, but what she really wanted right now was to just get off. She was beyond horny.

"Oh yea, just like that," she moaned. "That's it. I'm gonna come all over your face real soon...real soon."

I sure hoped she was. I wanted to be inside her badly about now. I had a hard-on that was killing me. I kept licking her clit, only leaving it to suck and tug on her inner sex lips occasionally. I wanted to get her off, but this had to take long enough so she built up to a nice peak and had a good come. Getting there too fast sorta blows the come in a way. This was a quickie, but it wasn't a race.

"Oh shit...I'm coming!" she screamed.

Claudia let go of her legs and grabbed by head, holding it firmly between her legs, as I licked her throbbing clit. She was moaning and thrashing like I haven't had a woman do in a long time. This was a good one all right. I had my hands under her firm ass and kept licking her as she came. She was still holding my head like she was afraid I was about to quit - not a chance. As she started to come down, she let go of my head. I began to lick my way down to her sex opening. When she came, she really got wet! I lapped up all the juices that had leaked out of her, savoring the fresh hot scent and taste of her. Those sexy inner lips of hers got sucked on a little more too, before I was done.

"That was great," she said, still breathing hard. "How about I return the favor?"

"I've a better idea, how about I just put something nice and hard inside you?"

Uh...okay. Are you sure you don't want me to blow you a little even? It would probably get you really excited, and I just love sucking cock."

"Lady, if I was any more excited, I would just sit here and come if you breathed on it."

"I'll be gentle," she said getting up on her knees and moving her head toward me.

"I thought that was supposed to be the guy's line!"

She didn't bother to argue. A second later half my hard shaft was buried in her hot mouth, getting a licking and sucking like it hadn't had in a long time. She was going at it like she really wanted me to come in her mouth. "I'm not kidding," I warned her again, "if you keep that up you are going to get a mouthful."

"Well, we can't have that!" she said letting my shaft slip out of her mouth. "Do you want me on my back or doggie style?" she asked, still kneeling there with her hand slowly stroking me.

"Ah, well given a choice, how about doggie style?"

"Sure," she said turning around on all fours.

I aimed my cock at her hot little bottom and slid right in. Not fast, but slow enough to savor the feeling of first entering her tight sex, getting all wet with her slick sex juices for the first time and feeling her heat as I slid in all the way. I held her hips and pulled her back onto me, going as far as I could into her. It was like that saying in those Toyota commercials - oh what a feeling! As she began to squirm around a little I started going in and out of her. It wasn't just me doing the work, she was moving back and forth herself. I could feel a great come building. "Oh...this is gonna be a good one," I told her. "You're really hot and tight."

"Have you even been in a girl's ass?" she asked after a few minutes.

Now there's a place that's tight. "Yea...sure," I answered, still really getting into the feeling of going in and out of her. A huge load of my come and I were soon going to part ways, but I wouldn't mind unloading it into her ass either.

"How about putting that nice thing of yours in my ass before you come?"

"Just before I come, or now?"

"Right now if you want. I like it in the ass, and if you come in there then my boyfriend won't find another man's come in me if we get it on tonight. He's not too crazy about that. It's okay if I have sex with another guy, he just doesn't like to feel some other guy's come in my pussy when we get it on."

"Yea, okay," I said pulling out of her. I took aim at her little crinkled back door and pushed the head up against, it gently at first, and then slowly increasing the pressure. She relaxed and it slid slowly in, lubricated by the thick coating of her sex juice that was on me. I wasn't sure how well this was going to work, but seems that I was wet enough from being inside her tight little love tunnel, that it was going to work just fine. Yea, I'll bet her boyfriend didn't like sex with her after she had it with some other guy. He probably called it cheating, but right now I was way too horny to care. It's amazing how being horny can override ones sense of morality. After giving her a few seconds to get used to me in there, I started pumping in and out. Being in a woman's butt is definitely a nice feeling. "What if he wants it this way?" I finally asked. With what I was about to unload into her, there wasn't any way he couldn't tell if they ever did it this way tonight.

"He has this thing against anal sex. I love it and can get off this way...like I'm about to...but...he doesn't like it. Now quit asking stupid questions and fuck me!"

She didn't sound very convincing, but I was about to unload all the come I had into her and I was too close to coming to care. It sounded like she was about to come, and I wasn't going to last much longer. "Good thing he doesn't like this I guess, because it's going to get real messy in there in a second. I'm about to come!" I felt one of her hands begin to fondle my balls, carefully rolling them around in her soft fingers and pulling gently on them. That was it, I felt the first huge load of come start up my hard shaft and rush deep into her hot little ass. "I'm coming!" I groaned.

"Oh god, I can feel you coming in my ass!" she said as she pushed her butt firmly against me, no longer moving so she could feel the throbs of me coming in her. A few seconds of that and she started coming. "I'm coming too!" she half screamed as her second orgasm of the evening.

The clenching of her tight little ass on my throbbing shaft only made me give her all the more. This come felt like it was going to last forever! I couldn't believe how much I was coming. Mr. Happy and his two friends pumped all they had into her hot little butt. If her boyfriend didn't like this kind of sex, he had no idea what he was missing. I wasn't doing a lot of pumping in and out, but mostly just moved a little and kept coming in her. I think she was playing with her clit with a finger as she came, but she sounded and felt like hers was just as good as mine.

I finished before she did, but stayed deep in her ass until she was done. Finally I slid a very happy Mr. Happy out of her tight butt and went into the bathroom to wash him off. Claudia came in a used a little toilet paper to clean herself up - what there was to clean up, since most of my stuff was still up inside her ass. Funny how people move and never take the TP with them. It came in handy today.
