 Linda was fast approaching 40 but never felt her age. Always determined to succeed, she just went back to school to fulfill a lifelong dream. Expecting a cash windfall in the next few months Linda needed to start house hunting since she always wanted to be prepared. She searched the internet to find some local Townhouses and had found a few to look at. She had done her search for months, and had looked before. She still remembers looking at two homes in the Pastoral Mountains complex near home. She had a friend, Paul, who was an agent who took her to view these, so she had an idea what to expect.

The morning she was to view the new Town home complex, she got her children on the bus and cleared her schedule so she could relax before seeing the homes. Jumping in the shower Linda felt the warm water cascading down her body. Feeling the warm water wash over her breasts, she felt at peace with the way life was heading. She started dreaming about the possibility of a new home while soaping up her body. As her hands passed over her breasts, she took a second to hold them and feel their weight. At almost 40 her perky breasts were still sensitive and she loved to caress them. She slowly teased her nipples wondering what the day would bring. Feeling her body respond, she continued washing. As the washcloth ran across her skin, and the soap let her hand glide, she realized it was time to shave. She Stepped away from the spray to put lotion on her legs so the razor would just glide up and down her legs. Linda let the razor take what hair was on her legs off in small 1" strips, from her ankles to her thighs. She rinsed off the remaining lotion and put more around her pussy. 

In the past year she realized how goof it felt to keep her pussy shaved nice and close. Every time she did this, it excited her more. Looking at her pussy with no hair, made her feel sexy. She also felt a little naughty, having her pubis looking so young and fresh. Linda spread the lotion around her pussy and started taking a couple of days growth off, holding her lips to the side as she trimmed along them, wishing someone were there to help so she could relax while being shaved. She finished up, feeling how smooth she was and letting her fingers linger. She stepped back under the spray to rinse completely. As she did this she leaned back slightly to let the water clean off her pussy. She moved her hands back to her pussy and felt a tingle as a stream of water hit her clit, making it ride up. She moved one hand down to her pussy and started daydreaming. Her mind wandered back to the last time she went to look at town homes. Wandering around them, through the homes wondering what took place there. Imagining being taken in the bedroom of a stranger, or leaning against the washing machine while her agent was licking her pussy. She felt her knees go weak, as she rubbed her clit harder and harder, her fantasy taking hold. Once she felt her body shudder, she knew it was time to start getting ready.

After putting on her make-up and perfume, Linda looked in her closet and a little wicked thought crossed her mind. What should she wear, to see if she could get her agent to bite, whether literally or figuratively? She chose a dark red thong, that hugged her pussy nice and tight, and a matching bra that would push her B sized breasts together, and let her nipples be just seen through the lace. Normally very conservative, she figured to go fro broke. It had been about 5 months since she had a good long fuck, and she was still feeling a bit light headed from her shower. She then picked out a new skirt she had bought for fun. When she first tried it on in the store, it was after stopping for a drink, and her inhibitions were a bit down. 

Shorter by far then anything she'd normally wear, she slipped it on and looked at her self in the mirror. "Not to shabby" she thought to her self as the black skirt hugged her ass. She grabbed a Dark Pink silk blouse that looked great with the skirt. Just for the hell of it, she left one more button unbuttoned, to help accentuate her breasts. She looked over her shoulder to see her reflection in the mirror, and bent over to see how far she could go, before looking "slutty." As she bent over she could see her upper thighs and got a tingle as the hint of her thing came into view. She could feel her pussy give her a slight little jolt as her passion started to build again. She quickly thought of the homes she was going to see to get her mind off the feeling her body was giving her.

Linda looked at the clock and realized she was going to be late. She grabbed her purse and keys and headed for her car. Being a little breezy she felt the wind breeze up under her skirt, and give her thong covered pussy a little air. 

She stopped in her tracks thinking "what am I doing," but realized she had no time to change. Getting in her mini-van she couldn't believe how high her skirt slid up her thighs, making her feel even naughtier than she ever felt before in her life. 

She wondered if she should just call and tell Paul that she'd meet him at the home. 

Since the office was on her way, she just drove to his office to meet him. As she pulled in, he was outside walking to his car, so they didn't have to even go inside. Linda felt a little relieved that no one else would see her dressed the way she was, since it was so uncommon for her. She had forgotten where Paul went, until she opened the car door she realized he was standing right there, watching her get out of her car. Her skirt slid almost all the way up to her pussy, and he could feel the heat rising as he watched her thighs. She looked at him and secretly smiled watching his gaze. As Linda got out of her car, she had to straighten her skirt, and noticed Paul watching every move. She greeted him with a quick hug, and swore he held her a little tighter than he normally would.

He walked her to the passenger door of his car and helped her get in. As she swung her feet into the car, she could almost feel his eyes burn into her skin. She could also feel her pussy begin to moisten at the thought of being watched. As they drove to the home, making small talk along the way, Linda couldn't help notice her skirt riding up slightly, and Paul glancing her way. 

Once at the home, they walked up the walkway admiring the landscaping and great look of the neighborhood. Paul knocked on the door, and finding no one at home, took the key from the lockbox, and walked inside. The homeowner had left music playing in the background, and scented candles safely burning, helping to make the home more comfy and desirable. 

Linda liked to walk around the homes alone, finding Paul when she had questions, so he let he begin to wander The way she was looking today, Paul made sure he wasn't too far behind as she began to walk up the stairs. As she reached the top of the stairs, she stood along the railing looking down over the living area. 

Paul was below looking up, and from his vantage point, could look up her skirt with ease. He didn't want her to notice, quickly he looked away. Paul had to adjust his cock as he could feel it getting hard. He always found Linda attractive, and now he might have his chance to see and feel more then he ever did. 

Linda wandered around the upstairs, heading for the Master Bedroom. She moved through the room to the master bath, and just loved the way the big tub was separate from the shower. She stood there imagining the water running down her body, two showerheads bathing her in a nice hot stream. She could feel her nipples tighten up as this fantasy played out in her mind. She could feel her pussy getting slightly wetter as her thoughts kept floating around. 

She walked back into the Master bedroom and stood next to the bed leaning over to feel the sating bedspread. Forgetting what she was wearing, she knew her skirt was riding up her thighs, showing her upper thighs and bottom of the cheeks of her ass. 

Just at that moment Paul walked up to the doorway stopping dead in his tracks. He just stood there taking in the sight before him. Creamy white thighs, highlighted by a short black skirt were in his to behold. 

Linda had no idea he was there, as she lay down on the bed to feel the satin against her face. When she did this, Paul moved quietly forward. As he got closer to Linda, he reached out and slid his hands up the back of her thighs. Linda gasped and gave a slight scream, but he stood between her legs a hand on each thigh, and Linda couldn't move. Her skirt slid up further as he moved closer. 

Paul reached down and slid her skirt up the rest of the way so he could look at her nice tight ass, her thong making it looked even nicer than he could ever imagined. He grabbed each cheek with his hands and squeezed lightly, hearing her moan her approval. He leaned over whispering in her ear, "Lie still while I eat you." Linda felt goose bumps ride on her skin as she heard those words. All she could think about was his tongue touching her pussy and clit. As Linda felt the sating against her face, she took her hands and placed them above her head, spreading out on the bed, face down. Her pussy was against the edge of the bed, her skirt around her waist, and felt her thong being pulled lower. Paul stepped away so he could remove it and let it drop on the floor next to the bed. Paul held Linda's cheeks apart as he looked at her pussy and ass from behind. He could feel his cock get even harder as he leaned in to smell her. 

Linda could feel the warm breath on her pussy as Paul's tongue began to tease her. She raised her ass as much as she could so his tongue could get deeper. Her breasts were pushing against the bed, and she wished she could rip off her top and feel the satin against her nipples. As Linda's mind wandered, she remembered where she was, and a panic raced through her mind. She began to struggle to get out of this situation, when she felt a hand smack on her ass. She felt Paul pull away for a second and tell her to stop moving. She began to argue, but felt that same hand slap her ass again. 

Linda always loved being playfully spanked while she was having, or before sex. It made her feel like a little girl, and have to submit. Her personality was that of someone always in control, and when she was spanked, she had to relinquish that control. Her pussy was flooding as she felt Paul's tongue attack her pussy even harder than before. She was beginning to moan pushing her ass back harder into his tongue. She could feel her orgasm begin as his fingers penetrated her aching, wet pussy. Her convulsions continued for what felt like minutes, but was only about 30 second. 

Paul stood up and admired her ass and legs. Linda turned over, her face flushed and her breath just beginning to come back. As she looked up, she could see Paul opening his pants, releasing his cock to the air. Linda was crazy with lust at this point and lunged forward grasping Paul by the base. She licked the head of his cock as she looked up into his eyes. He tasted so sweet, like syrup was oozing from the head. While she normally didn't really enjoy giving a blow job, she was so horny, and the taste was so good, she licked Paul's cock like it was a lollipop. 

She worked his cock with her hands as well, stroking him, and cradling his balls in her hands. She slipped the tip in her mouth, and sucked, hoping to pull his sweet syrup up from his balls into her mouth. All she could think about was to get more of his syrup in her mouth, and down her throat. While Linda was sucking Paul's cock, she unbuttoned her top so she could cool down a little. She just loved the taste of Paul as she sucked harder in his cock. She let up a second and let his cock slip from her mouth, running her tongue down the side, and then sucking his balls into her mouth. She then realized that he shaved, which made this even more enjoyable. Just at that moment, an image popped into her mind that this cock was made for her ass. 

While Linda loved sex, and receiving oral sex, she loved anal sex when she was as horny as today. The first thing Linda wanted to do, was feel his sweet syrup flow down her throat, then his next orgasm would take a while, so she could feel his cock buried in her ass. 

Linda took Paul's cock back in her mouth without the use of her hands. She had plans for them. One hand was cradling his balls, and the other was fingering her still wet pussy. While she could feel Paul hold her head in place, she picked up the pace of her sucking. 

Quiet most of the time she now heard his words, "come on baby, make me cum." 

That sent Linda into overdrive; she took her fingers out of her pussy and held them up for Paul to suck on. 

Once Paul took a taste of Linda's pussy off her own fingers, he felt his cum begin to rise. He quickly grabbed Linda's hair, and held her in place and his cum filled her mouth. 

Linda just loved the feel of power she had, feeling Paul pump his very sweet tasty load of cum into her mouth. She had to remember to ask Paul what he did to keep his cum so sweet. 

Just as she was cleaning off Paul's cock, she heard a slight cough. Paul spun his head around, as Linda looked past his thighs to see a woman standing in the doorway. Her nipples were visible through her top, and her face was flushed.....to be continued in part 2.