 TRUST ME

Those are the words written on the third and final note that you're holding in your hand. You shoot a look at me filled with a million unasked questions and more than a hint of anxiety. Holding your gaze and smiling gently, I whisper, "I'd never hurt you."

You smile gently in response. "I'm not afraid of you." Curling the note back and forth in your hands, you sit down on the bottom of our bed expelling a breath. I sit next to you and put my hand on your knee.

"Talk to me," I urge.

You look down at the note, now folding the corners down sighing, "I'm afraid of...." your voice trails off.

"Of what, honey?"

"I don't know how I'd react to....what you want to do."

I can't help but smile. "You make it sound so dirty," I say with a wink and a leer. "I just want to tie you up a little."

"How exactly is one tied up 'a little'?" you ask, bumping my shoulder with yours.

I lean over and kiss your shoulder, "How about we start with baby steps so that you can get comfortable with the idea of being restrained? We'll use one scarf this time, very loosely, hmm, how about not even tied. How does that sound?"

"Safe word?" you ask.

"Good idea. What are you thinking?"

"Hmmm," you say, "artichoke."

"Where did that come from?"

You shrug. "I dunno. It's a food I don't like. There's no natural, or unnatural, reason for me to utter the word artichoke while we're making love."

I raise my eyebrow and glance sideways at you, "Ok, weirdo."

"Hey, you're the one who wants to tie me up. I think you're the weirdo."

"Seriously? This is pretty low on the 'weird things I want to do to you' meter. Now, shush and kiss me." I grin rakishly at you.

Tossing the now crumpled note to the floor, you pull me towards you and kiss me. Even though we've been making love for hours, it's like we just started. 

I'm giddy. Excited. Turned on.

Your touch does something to me I've never experienced with another lover. The brush of your skin against mine gives me goose bumps and makes my nipples erect. You know exactly how to build up my response. Starting slowly you kiss me softly, running your tongue over my lower lip. In an unconscious reaction, my lips start to open and you slowly slide your tongue inside exerting a slight pressure. Using my lips, I suck your tongue and hold it inside my mouth teasing it with my own. I love that we both love kissing. It's not just a means to an end, for us kissing is not foreplay, it's a way to slow down and maintain a connection.

Every time we kiss it's like the first time. There's that tingle in my stomach, the shiver down my spine, the breathless anticipation waiting for your lips to touch mine, or kiss my neck, or nibble on my ear. Yes, making love is incredible, amazing, complete, but this...when we're kissing, this is when I feel closest to you.

I pull myself away from you, stand up and hold out my hand to you. You take it and I tug you up off the edge of our bed. I walk over to the headboard and start untying the scarves. "Remember this one?" I ask holding up a piece of navy blue sheer fabric. You waggle your eyebrows at me laciviously, "Hah. Perv." I throw it at you.

I untie a multicolored scarf and drape it across my neck. Kneeling with one leg on the bed, I stretch to reach the white gauzy scarf hanging in the middle of the headboard. Suddenly, I feel you leaning into me, pressing your body against mine. Wrapping your arms around my waist, your hands slid up to capture my breasts, circling your palms over my nipples. "Ahhhh," I sigh as I push back into you. I wiggle my ass against you as your erection grows quickly. I pull my other knee up on the bed and start crawling to the middle. You have to either let go or follow me. Wisely, you follow me. As I'm reaching to untie another scarf, you rub your face back and forth across my back. I love that feeling. Your raspy stubble drives me wild. I know you can feel my nipples getting harder because you start to pinch and tug on them lightly. 

When we're both in the center of the bed, I kneel up and back against your body. Tipping my neck to give you better access, I feel your breath heating my skin. Your tongue is so close I can feel its heated moisture. You lick my neck, barely touching. Lips follow so softly and then your teeth are biting, nipping really. Not hard, just enough to feel it. "Harder." I whisper. I feel you smile against my neck and then you suck instead of bite. Your tongue laves my skin. It's almost hypnotic the effect you have on me. I'm lost in a myriad of sensations, your fingers teasing my nipples, your mouth savoring my neck, your body providing me with support, warmth, safety and more than a hint of promise.

Sliding my hand behind my back I grasp your cock and caress it stroking up and down firmly. You push lightly on my shoulders and I lean forward and put my hands on the bed. You rub against me and I moan with pleasure. Slowly you slide inside me and I stretch like a cat, arching my back and releasing, pushing back into you as you pump in and out of me. I slide my upper body down on the bed and stretch my arms out in front of me gripping the sheet tightly. Your hands move down to rest on my hips and you increase your speed. Propping myself up on my elbows I look back at you and mouth, "Fuck me, baby," because I know that drives you wild. You wink, blow a kiss and starting fucking me, hard. I love you the way you feel.

I need to feel more of you touching me, so I start pushing up off the bed and back up against you until I'm kneeling with my body pressed against you. We move slowly so you can stay inside me the whole time. I pull your hands around me, so you are holding my breasts. My arms lift up and back and wrap around your head, holding you closer to me. You slide in and out of me in a controlled motion that is very quickly driving me mad. I reach one hand out in front of me to grab onto the headboard for support and my other hand caresses down your side and around to my clit rubbing slowly matching your pumping rhythm

It takes me a while to realize you are trying to distract me from my evil plan, crafty man that you are. I let you fuck me for a while longer so that you think you are winning, wonderful woman that I am, plus it feels so damn good, that I don't want to stop you. But I really want to tie you up, so I reluctantly pull myself away from you and put some distance between us. "Nice try, devil," I laugh, "now, get your sexy body over here." I point in the direction of the headboard. 

Want," you say.

"Need."

"Where do you want me to be?"

I motion for you to move around me and sit against the headboard. Propping a few pillows behind you for comfort, I take one of your arms and place it at the top of a slat in the headboard, I curl your fingers around the slat and squeeze. "Honey, hold on here, if you promise to hold on, I won't even tie the scarf. I'll just wrap it around your wrist. You'll be able to remove your hand at any time. So technically, you're not tied up at all, just held in place with the scarves." While I'm talking, I wrap one of the scarves around the slat securing your wrist to the bed. "Test it out, give it a tug and see how quickly you can get out of it." 

You easily pull your arm out of the scarf and wrap it around my neck pulling me closer to you. "I love you," you say. 

I rest my forehead against yours. "I love you." Making quick work of securing your hands to the bed with two filmy, soft scarves, I sit back and ogle you. "You are so incredibly handsome. Your body makes me weak in my knees every time I see you." Crawling to your feet, I move your legs apart so I can lie between them. Resting my arms over your thighs and I lean over letting the tip of my tongue dance along your cock, we make eye contact and I whisper, "Artichoke, baby, that's your word, ok? We'll stop as soon as you're uncomfortable."

"I'm not uncomfortable now," you waggle your eyebrows at me lasciviously.

Licking you, feeling you in my mouth, knowing that I'm turning you on, making you squirm with pleasure exhilarates me. I love having your hard, wet cock in my mouth. I love knowing that I merely have to touch my tongue to just the right spot and you moan. I lean over you so that I can slide you deeper into my mouth. My lips lock onto your cock and I use the pressure of my tongue and my lips to massage it up and down. I like it messy. I like it loud, making sure you fully understand how much I enjoy this. When you're in the sitting position, it's easy to make eye contact with you and that connection just makes me feel sexier. You're working hard to keep your hands on the headboard even though I know you are dying to touch me. Your fingers wiggle with restraint as I wink at you, while slowly pulling my mouth off of you. My lips are still tightly locked and when I get to the tip of your cock, I run my tongue around and around sucking hard.

As much as I love sucking your cock, and believe me, I do, I really want to fuck you, especially since you're tied so delightfully to our bed so I reluctantly pull myself away from you and lean down to kiss the part of your body where your leg meets your hip, the electric spot that makes your whole body shudder like you've been buzzed.. A long, hot slow lick is followed by nibbling bites and pretty soon you're struggling hard to keep your grip on the headboard. 

"You. Are. Wicked" you growl. I smile while kissing my way to your other leg. Then I crawl up your body with my legs straddling you the entire way, rubbing myself against you. I'm so wet that I'm leaving trails of moisture on your body. My upper body is pressed against yours, and I'm resting lightly on top of your cock, squirming just enough to create warm, moist friction. Leaning forward to kiss you, my tongue slides inside your mouth. We trade licks, slow ones, fast ones, light ones, not so light ones. My hands caress your chest, tweaking your nipples with my fingernails. Pulling away from you, I rub my face against yours like a cat and my mouth finds its way to your ear. My teeth slip into the hypnotic rhythm of nibbling and sucking your earlobes.

I whisper, "In about twenty seconds, I'm going to slide down on your cock until you are as deep inside me as you can be and then I'm going to fuck you harder than you've ever been fucked before." I feel your body jump underneath me as I say these words and my tongue flicks the spot behind your ear. You lift up your body and rub against me and it's my turn to shudder. Your mouth captures mine as your body caresses mine. I curl my upper body up and away pressing into you with my lower body, my head lifts up and you bite my neck in that way that completely drives me mad.

"Ten," you breathe with a sharp, pleasurable bite to the left side of my neck.

I say, "Nine." arching my neck to give you better access.

"Eight. Kiss me,"

"Seven. Are you ready? Do you want to feel how wet and hot I am from the inside?" I ask between kisses.

"Six," you hiss with a slight whimper to your voice.

"Five. Tell me, lover. Tell me what you want."

"Four." You latch on to the front of my neck, sucking hard enough to leave your mark. "Fuck me, baby."

"Three. Love you..."

"...always. Two" Eyes locked, our lips barely touching. My hips lift up and I feel you pushing down into the bed, ready to be inside me.

"One," we whisper together as I slowly slide down on you. I can't control the strangled moan I breathe out. My hands reach out to hold on to the headboard and I start sliding up and down setting our rhythm. I know you can't do much for leverage since your hands are still firmly attached to the headboard so I take care of that. The only sounds in the room are our expressed breaths and the moist sounds of making love. I experiment with tightening my muscles as I pull and and push down, squeezing my legs tightly against yours. 

"I want to fuck you from behind. Move." You thrust your hips up for emphasis, which feels amazing and may not have the effect you desired because I certainly don't want to move.

"Want me to untie the scarves?"

"Hell no, I just want to move. Will you adjust them for me?"

We maneuver clumsily with excessive rubbing and caressing and body grinding plus laughing and giggling until you are on your knees with your arms crossed and I'm in front of you bumping my ass against your erection. While having you at this disadvantage is enticing, I know your arms are not in the most comfortable position so I untie your scarves and let you reposition your arms a little higher on the headboard. I retie the scarves and realize that you have an even smaller range of motion. Of course this means that you just have to get really close to me and stay that way.

Rubbing your cock against my ass, you whisper, "Lean forward, lover."

I obey, placing both of my hands on the headboard close to yours as you roll your hips until your cock is just at the entrance of my pussy. You tease me a little by sliding just the tip of your cock inside me and then pulling out. Each time you slide in a little deeper and continue to pull out. I tighten my hands on the headboard and growl in frustration. I start moving my hips back into you forcing you to penetrate me deeper. You chuckle, "Impatient?"

"Uh, huh. Baby, please....deeper."

We move together seamlessly, thrusting, pulling back, thrusting again. I know you're pretty close but I'm ready for one more switch up. Reaching my hands back, I still your hips. "Are your knees ok, honey? Want to put a pillow under them?"

You nod and I disentangle from you. I have to slide under your arms to lift each of your knees to set the pillows in place. While I'm grabbing the pillows, I take a bottle of almond oil out of the "Pleasure Drawer" next to our bed. Scooting closer, I kneel up so that I can wrap my breasts around your cock and I pour the oil all over us. The feel of you covered in oil sliding between my breasts is incredible. You pump longer strokes and I tip my head down and lick the crown of your cock each time you thrust. I'm teasing you now, moving my head back so you can't slide too far into my mouth. 

Now you're the one growling in frustration because if your hands were free you'd be able to control my head. My favorite thing is to watch your face when I'm sucking your cock. It's a powerful thing, to see that kind of passion on you love's face and know that you are responsible for it. Stroking you with my hands now, I use pressure and rhythm to build your reaction. I know you're close because you start blowing out air in short, staccato breaths and your ass tightens. 

"Wanna come?" I draw out teasingly..

"NO! Stop, slow...slow....slow down. I want to be inside you when I come. Untie me."

"You didn't say artichoke."

"Because I'm not uncomfortable.. We just don't have time to tie me back up, so I'll hold on, I promise, but I want you to ride me until I come inside you."

I untie your arms and you settle back in place grabbing onto the headboard with the pillows behind your back. I climb back on you with much less fanfare this time and ease myself down onto your cock. Gyrating my hips, I grind myself against you. My clit buzzes from indirect pressure and I move faster relishing the build up. "Touch me," you hiss and I run my hands up and down caressing your chest. Words are lost between us as we make love in the dark. 

"Honey, I'm so close," I breathe. "I love you so much. Let go and touch me. I need to feel your hands on my body. Want you to feel what you do to me. Please."

Reaching up, you pull my face down toward yours and kiss me deeply, lips moving, tongues tangling frantically. Sensing my orgasm building, I grab your hands and lean over you, pushing your arms into the bed. "More. Harder. Deeper," I pant, begging you to push me over the edge. 

"Lover," you groan with each thrust. "Ahhhh. Damn you feel so fucking good." Your movements increase in speed until I feel you climax inside me. Wrestling a hand free from my grip you slide it between our bodies to rub my clit. "Come for me baby, let go," you urge as I come. I collapse on top of you, both of us breathing hard. You roll me over so we are on our sides facing each other. Foreheads together, lips touching. 

"See. Tying you up wasn't so bad, was it?" I tease you.

"Nope. I might even let you do it again."

"Might?"

"Ok, more than might," you grudgingly admit.

"I love you."

"I love you."

"Always."

"Forever."

The End