 Kara was bright, single, still in her early thirties and about to become partner in a law firm that handled some of my business. We had dinner together one evening after the closing of a real estate deal. The "dinner" lasted until after midnight. Kara and I became an "item". 

I was ten years older than Kara, divorced, and living alone. I wasn't Hollywood handsome but I wasn't unattractive either. I guess what Kara really liked about me was my confidence. We had only dated a couple of weeks when I asked her to move in with me. I acted as if I expected her to say "yes" and she did.

Being a young associate in a large law firm, it was not unusual for her to work well into the evening. This week, however, was our first week of living together and Kara left the office a little after four.

I wasn't expecting her to leave work early and didn't get home myself until after seven. When I got there Kara was in the den watching television, curled up on the couch with a terry cloth towel around herself. The towel stretched from the tops of her breasts to the tops of her thighs. She was covered, just barely. 

I bent over to kiss her and Kara said she had something to tell me. I didn't know what to expect. She had just moved in. I didn't think she'd be moving out so soon. Surely she hadn't lost her job. What could it be? I stood beside the couch and waited for her to tell me.

Kara started in a rather neutral tone, "I got home a little before five. I went into the bedroom and stripped off my work clothes. It felt so good to be out of my clothes that with all the privacy this house affords I decided to stay that way. And of course I hoped you would be home soon and want to get naked too."

I was about to get chewed out because I came home late. This wasn't fair. She was the one that always worked late. I began to protest but she shushed me and continued, "I went into the living room and fixed myself a drink. Then I went out through the sliding glass doors to the pool. I dove in, did a few laps and stretched out on a lounger to soak up the rest of the afternoon sun."

Kara liked being naked and she loved the unusual nature of the house. It was built around an open courtyard that contained a pool and jacuzzi. The kitchen, the living room, the den and the master bedroom were separated from the courtyard by walls of glass with lots of sliding glass doors. The windows that faced toward the street or faced toward the neighbors were covered with permanently closed shutters whereas the huge expanses of glass facing the courtyard had no draperies or blinds. 

In nice weather, like it was that July day, the sliding glass doors could be left open, giving a feeling of being outdoors. From any of the main rooms you could see most of the rest of the house. My ex-wife and I had not had any children, and the house, which I had gotten as part of the divorce settlement, was designed to provide internal openness while maintaining privacy from the outside world.

The inside of the house and the courtyard was private with one exception. The den had glass facing the courtyard but it also had a glass wall facing the backyard, with no coverings on the windows. However, the backyard was enclosed by a solid fence with a locked gate and was private except on Tuesday when a couple of guys came to take care of the yard and shrubs. 

Then it dawned on me. Today was Tuesday. The yard guys had their own key to the gate. Even before Kara continued, I had a good idea of what she wanted to tell me.

Kara continued in her storybook voice, "I pretended that you were watching. I found some suntan oil there and covered myself with it. I put it on my arms and shoulders and massaged it into my breasts. I covered my stomach with it and rubbed it into my legs. I really put a bunch of it on my upper thighs and rubbed some between my legs."

Kara looked up at me. "I hope you don't think its wrong for me to do that. You know, put my hand between my legs. You don't, do you?"

"No, no. I think its fine. Don't stop now. Tell me the rest."

"It felt so good that I kept rubbing my hand between my legs. I was really getting turned on, doing that and imagining you were watching me. Then I looked toward the den and discovered that I wasn't imagining being watched, except it wasn't you.

"There were two guys in the backyard by the den window. I guess they were supposed to be mowing the lawn or trimming the shrubs or something like that, but they had stopped and were watching me. I don't know how long they had been watching but I guess it had been since I'd gone into the living room without any clothes."

I looked at Kara lying on the couch. She had moderately sized breasts that stood out prominently on her slim body. Her hips and butt were nicely curvaceous and she had long, shapely legs. It was easy to understand why the yard guys had stopped to watch her. 

Kara looked right at me, touched her finger to her chin and said conspiratorially, "Perhaps I shouldn't be telling you this but it excited me even more to discover they were watching me. Once I had gotten over the shock of it I just closed my eyes and continued." 

Kara's voice showed excitement. "Knowing they were watching, I came really fast. God, that makes me sound terrible. Do you think I'm some kind of slut or something?"

Actually I was getting excited listening to her talk about playing with herself while a couple of guys watched. I didn't attempt to disguise my feelings. "No", I said, "I think you're wonderful. Keep going. What happened then?"

Kara got a devilish look in her eye, rubbed the front of my pants and coyly said, "I think you're liking this. Too bad you didn't get home sooner."

She took her hand from the front of my pants and put it back in her lap. She adopted a narrative tone. "Of course after my orgasm I had to regain my strength so I just stayed there a few minutes with my eyes closed. When I opened them I didn't look directly at the guys but I could tell they were still watching. There was a towel on the lounger but I was feeling pretty bold by then and didn't need it." 

Her tone took on strength, almost defiance. "I stood up, left the towel there and walked into the bedroom." She smirked a little. "Pretty bad huh?"

I think at that point I tripped over my tongue. I finally mumbled, "No, not bad. Quite the opposite. Is there more?"

Kara suddenly got very lady-like. She said, "Well, I didn't want them to think I was embarrassed by what had happened. I got a towel from the bathroom. As you can see it was really a little too small but I wrapped it around myself anyway and walked into the den, right here next to where they were working, acting like I hadn't even noticed them."

She spoke softly, somewhat apologetically, "Well anyway, they were supposed to be working but I might have distracted them a little." She brightened up, "At least they pretended to work while I turned on the television and laid down on the couch." 

Then, like she was again taking the blame, "But every time I adjusted the towel they stopped their work to watch me."

In a more normal tone she said, "They finally finished and left just before you got here."

When Kara started telling the story, I think she was concerned about how I was going to react to her recount of the afternoon's events. Of course she knew by now that I found it exciting. I was still standing next to the couch and Kara once again put her hand on the front of my trousers. By this time I had become very hard. It was obvious from her touch that Kara liked the way her story had effected me. 

Kara wanted me to love her the way she was. She had been excited by being watched and wanted to know that I shared in her desires. Kara didn't know that my ex-wife was somewhat of an exhibitionist too, although she should have guessed it from the nature of the house. 

Kara undid my belt, lowered my zipper and slid her hand into my pants. Through my jockey shorts she wrapped her hand around me. No, I wasn't upset at all.

I couldn't believe it. I had met this girl only a few weeks ago but I had already fallen in love. When I first met her she had been wearing a very professional looking woman's business suit. Now she was lying here, barely covered by a towel, with her hand in my pants. She just told me about how turned on she got while masturbating in front of a couple of strangers. 

It had excited me too but I was glad there had been glass between her and them. They could look but I didn't want them to touch.

Kara snaked her hand into my shorts and stroked my hardened cock. She said, "I wish they were still here," as she used her other hand to remove the towel. I bent over. I kissed her gently, then moved my lips lower and nibbled on her breasts. 

Together, we struggled to get my clothes off. As I slipped between her legs I said, "I can't imagine how I could be upset to have someone see how beautiful you are. I want everyone to know how much I love you and why."

"I love you too," she said as I slid into her.