 The banging on the door behind me was getting louder - an unwelcome momentary distraction until a flick of Bella's soft, wet tongue brought me right back into the moment. The house party raged on as I looked down into her deep brown eyes, a playful expression on her pretty face as that tongue swirled luxuriously around my swollen cockhead, purple and shiny with a thick, warm mixture of precum and saliva that dripped agonizingly down my throbbing shaft as Bella's soft, plump, pumped up, glossy lips massaged and polished my tip. I smiled down at the gorgeous teenager, running my fingers through her hair - deep brunette with caramel highlights, it fell in loose waves down around her shoulders to halfway down her back, overlapping with the top of the skin-tight baby pink dress she'd squeezed her perfect body into.

I glanced to my side at the view in the floor-length mirror, taking in the erotic scene: I stood with my back to the bathroom door - locked behind us to the ongoing displeasure of the impatient guests on the other side - my naked body exposed between my jeans hanging at mid-thigh and my right hand holding my shirt up to mid-chest, revealing the tight, toned abs I'd been working so hard on all summer precisely to attract girls like this one. Just shy of 8" of thick, smooth, throbbing cock separated me from the angel squatting down in front of me as she lingered at the very tip of my aching pole, closing her eyes as she continued to make out with the head. My eyes lingered on her body; she was an absolute knockout. Maybe 5'3 at a push, her dress was stretched tight over her juicy, perky C cups, nipples clearly visible through the thin material, a tight stomach and back arched in her squat, pushing out that perfect, round bubble butt. It was the first thing I'd noticed about her when I met her around an hour previously. Obscenely plump and thick, perfectly round and bouncy, but deliciously tight - an equal product of her age, her latina genes and hours upon hours of squats. The angle of the mirror gave me a perfect view of the beautiful curve of each cheek; two gravity-defying globes just barely concealed by the pink fabric they stretched to its limit.

I lightly guided her forward with my free hand, gently caressing the back of her head, encouraging her to resume the exquisite sucking she'd been lavishing my dick with since we slipped away from the party. She was more than happy to oblige, a cute giggle muffled by her mouthful of rock-hard meat as she slid her hot, wet mouth down my shaft, flattening her tongue on the underside as she took a few inches inside and began to drag her juicy lips back towards the tip. She shot me her most innocent look, fluttering her eyelashes as she sucked. I grinned down at her, enjoying the performance as the cute nineteen year old babe reached up, taking my full, fat balls in her soft, petite hand. After almost two weeks of restraint and edging, they ached with pleasure from her fingertips massaging them, the gentle squeeze of her hand easily persuading them to reward her with a few more thick pumps of precum into her mouth as she sucked me. Her eyes met mine as she began to enthusiastically bob up and down, her lips and tongue working together with her hand to give me maximum pleasure, the blowjob falling into a steady rhythm, keeping time with the dull thud of the music emanating from the speakers several rooms away, thankfully muffled enough for the sloppy wet sounds and Bella's soft moans to be clearly audible.

I leaned my head back against the door, closing my eyes and zoning out as I enjoyed the skilful head, losing track of time until I jolted back to attention as Bella slid her lips off my oversized, swollen head with a loud, wet pop. She giggled at my reaction before beginning to slowly kiss her way down the underside of my cock, giving the head and shaft quick licks as she moved lower. She removed her hand from my balls and - after a brief tease of hot breath on the sensitive skin - replaced it with her mouth, gently sucking each ball into her hot, wet little mouth one at a time. Her silky soft lips expertly massaged my pulsating balls as her dripping wet tongue slid over them inside her mouth, gentle humming moans sending soft vibrations through my sack as she simultaneously began to pump her soft hand up and down my outrageously swollen dick. The room was full of the wet, slapping sound of her jerking my shaft, the pumping motion only briefly broken as she slid her thumb over my sensitive, wet tip at the top of each stroke.

Just when I thought I couldn't take any more of this treatment, Bella began to ascend again, flattening her tongue as she dragged it excruciatingly slowly over my balls and up my shaft, finally pausing at the tip to teasingly swirl it a few times around the head before wrapping her delightfully soft mouth around my dick once more. I glanced back at the mirror, smirking as I noticed the teenaged cutie's free hand disappearing between her tight, juicy thighs, the back hem of her dangerously short dress twitching as her eager fingers worked her pussy just out of sight. She glanced to the side, looking back at me in the mirror before she admired her reflection while she slurped happily on my long, thick cock. Drops of saliva began to stretch obscenely from her fat lower lip, finally splashing onto the tiled floor between her high heeled shoes. I bit my lip, taking long, slow breaths as I fought back my orgasm, feeling the strain of a fortnight's worth of cum boiling up in my balls.

Bella, sensing my struggle to draw out this pleasure, took my sack in her free hand once more, massaging as she sucked, her fingertips slowly edging further back, teasing the sensitive spot behind my balls as her lips slid effortlessly up and down my shaft. She gazed up into my eyes in the mirror as a slippery wet finger began to trace circles around my ass, applying a little more pressure as she allowed more and more spit to flow down my shaft. Hovering on the edge of bliss, my fingers were tangled in her silky hair as I breathed heavily, pumping my hips in time with her sucking, groaning as her finger gently pushed forward into me. I threw my head back as she slowly fucked me with her finger while she sucked and slurped away at my engorged pole, her loud, exaggerated, ultra-feminine moans and the downright pornographic sounds of her dripping wet lips and tongue pleasuring my dick driving me closer to climax, giving her the cue to bring her hand up from her pussy and wrap it around my shaft, stroking in time with her sucking, her finger still deep inside me.

I gave her a light tap on the shoulder to warn her of the impending explosion, and her response of an enthusiastic, inviting moan together with an increase in pressure of the finger she was sliding repeatedly into my ass was enough to push me over the edge. I gave a loud moan as my prostate and balls clenched, a powerful spurt of hot, thick cum surging down my iron-hard shaft and spraying deep into Bella's throat. She looked dead into my eyes as my breath caught, huge pumps of cum rapidly filling her mouth. Streams of my thick cum mixed with her saliva began to escape, flowing down my shaft from her plump lips and dripping to the floor. I squeezed my eyes closed, groaning as I fucked her mouth, continuing to shoot my huge, backed up load into the hot, wet mouth wrapped around me.

For close to a minute I emptied my swollen balls into her mouth while she alternated between slurping, swallowing, and allowing a steady stream of cum to flow back onto my cock and down her chin. Finally I pulled back and squeezed the last drops onto her outstretched tongue, smiling in response to her cute moan as I slapped my tip on her tongue a few times. I grabbed a towel and dried off my cock and balls as she bounced up to her feet, giggling happily as she sashayed over to the sink, straightening her dress, struggling to keep it covering her perfect ass and leaving cum-stained fingerprints around the hem before she had a chance to wash her hands. I moved up behind her, giving that booty a squeeze and a quick slap, getting a playful squeal in response. I handed her my phone for her to add her number; the banging on the door had stopped - we moved towards it, ready to take the chance to get back to the party unnoticed.