 My name is Ryan and my story takes place when I was 27 years old. My wife Danielle and I had separated a few months prior. I was on probation for my third DWI offense and I couldn't drive. Even though Danielle kicked me out of the house she still offered to drive me to my probation meeting. So there I was riding along in the car with my wife to my probation meeting. I really hated her driving me but I had no other ride, so no choice. We were on the way back when she said "I have to tell you something..."

"OK, so tell me," I said.

"I am going to the Dominican republic with some girls from work," she said.

I didn't realize why so I said, "Yeah, so?"

She turned into the parking lot of my apartment and said, "So, I will be gone for ten days and I won't be here for your next probation meeting; you will have to find another ride."

"Great, see you later," I said as I got out of the car and headed into my apartment. What the hell, this sucks. I need to find someone to give me a ride. Most of my friends work during my scheduled time; so I was sitting there trying to figure out how the hell I was going to get to my appointment when the phone rang. I answered the phone and it was Danielle. She told me that her sister Erin was going to be watching the house for her while she was gone and asked her to take me to my probation meeting so I didn't have to worry. I thanked her and we said good-bye. This was great; I liked her little sister, she was pretty cool, and hot. Erin had just turned 21 a couple of weeks ago and I found her to be extremely sexy. She is about 5'6 105#, short blonde hair with a 32b bust and an amazing ass. I had spent many a night fantasizing about her and had often thought of ways I might get her in bed. Being married to her sister made it seem impossible, but was it?

So the next few weeks went by. My appointment was Tues. morning at 10 which meant we needed to leave at 9:15 to make sure I wasn't late. It was Friday night and Danielle had left that afternoon so I called the house to tell Erin that I would meet her there Monday morning at 9 because we needed to leave at 9:15. She said that was cool. Then she asked what I was doing and if I wanted to come watch Half Baked and have a few drinks. It was already late and I had nothing going on so I headed over there. My apartment was only a few blocks away so it was a quick walk. On the way all I could think of was how sexy she probably looked. When I arrived, I was right. She looked amazingly hot. She was wearing her pj's; a white tank top with a pair of tiny red shorts that had two white hand prints on the ass. The shorts were so tight I could clearly see the outline of her thong. "Would you like a beer?" she asked.

"Sure," I said and she went into the kitchen while I sat down on the couch. A moment later she returned with my beer and sat down beside me. She started the movie and we settled down to watch. After about a half hour she snuggled up to me and put her head on my shoulder. At this point I was not watching the movie. I couldn't take my eyes off Erin. I put my arm around her letting her snuggle even closer. Before long we had both fallen asleep. I awoke a couple of hours later with Erin fast asleep with her head in my lap and I had a raging hard on. I had to get out of there so I slipped out from underneath her head, took one last look at her sexy ass, and headed home.

Sunday afternoon I called Erin and left a voice mail to remind her that I would be there at 9 a.m. so we could leave by 9:15. The next morning I got ready and walked over to the house. When I got to the front door I was a little pissed that the door was locked and I had to knock at my own house. But my anger would soon fade. I knocked and a few seconds later Erin came and opened the door and said, "Sorry, I over slept; I'll be ready in two minutes" and she turned and walked to the bathroom. I was shocked to say the least that she had just answered the door wearing only her bra and some boy short panties. I watched her ass as she walked all the way to the bathroom; I swear she was shaking it at bit on purpose. She got dressed and we were off.

On the way to my meeting we chatted a bit, about nothing really, "So you don't have to go back for a month, right?" She asked.

"Yep, the first Monday of every month."

"Cool," she said, "you want to get high with me when I get home from work tonight?"

It had been awhile since I had gotten high. I remember hearing her talking to Danielle about always getting really horny when she smokes weed. I said "yeah, for sure. I'll see you then." For the rest of the day all I could think off was fucking her, hoping she would she be into it. All I knew was she was hot, we were going to get high and she would be horny.

I stopped at the store on the way and got a sixer. When I got to the house I was a little disappointed she was wearing jeans and a t-shirt, but she still looked good. She invited me in and I offered her a beer. She packed a bowl and handed it to me. We each took a few hits and she said she'd be right back. I nearly fell over when she returned; I thought I must be dreaming. There she was standing in front of me, her hair up in pony tails and wearing a black sheer lace baby doll nightie and a sheer lace thong; God damn she looked amazing. I was instantly hard and my jaw dropped.

She gave me a cute little smile and said "Do you like what you see?" I couldn't find the words so I nodded yes. "Good," she said, "because I have wanted this for a long time." She straddled my lap and began kissing me deeply. My hands were all over her while we kissed ; I kept switching from her ass to her pert little titties,. She broke the kiss and said, "God, I've wanted this. When I was sixteen I used to lay in bed at night and play with myself thinking about you." Hearing this erased any thoughts about it being a bad idea to continue, and I wanted her more than anyone I had ever wanted before.

I picked her up and carried her to the bedroom. She wrapped her legs tightly around my waist as I laid her down on the bed and began kissing her on her neck. I untied the front of her nightie exposing her breasts and began squeezing and kissing them. I kissed my way down to her panty covered crotch and removed her panties; revealing her perfectly shaved mound. She spread her legs and pulled my face closer to her honey hole and I began licking and sucking her beautiful pussy. She smelled and tasted great. I continued lapping up her sweet juices and teasing her clit with my tongue.

"Oh! Oh! God yes, I'm going to cum," and with that she started bucking her hips thrusting her pussy into my face. I tongued her deep until her orgasm subsided.

"Oh my god," she said as she pulled my face up to hers to kiss me.

I broke our kiss and said "I've wanted to do that for a long time."

"And I've imagined that countless times." She got up from the bed. "I'll be right back" she said and left the room. I laid there loving how this was going. Erin returned a minute later with a fresh beer. I watched as she took a drink from the bottle standing there in front of me completely naked. God she had a perfect body. She handed me the beer and as I took a drink she dropped to her knees and began removing my pants.

"Wow! You've got a really nice cock Ryan, big too," she said with a grin as she stoked my 7 inches. She began sucking my cock slowly while massaging my balls. I was in heaven. Her sister never sucked my cock like this, and she was taking my whole length into her mouth. I sat there watching her suck my cock, while she looked right into my eyes. It had been awhile since I had a blow job and after only a few minutes I bucked my hips up and shot my load down her throat.

" mmmm," she said "I could suck your cock all day, but right now I'm going to fuck your brains out." Unbelievably, I was ready for more already. She climbed up, grabbed my cock and slowly eased her self onto my shaft.

"Oh god that feels good, you're so big." She began rhythmically bouncing up and down. " mmmmm, ooooooooooo," she moaned loudly. After a few minutes she began moaning louder and panting.

"ooooooooooooooo yes, yes," she said and I felt the walls of her pussy tighten around my cock as she reached orgasm. She continued to move slowly up and down till her orgasm subsided. Then she climbed off of me and onto all fours saying "Get behind me." I wasted no time as this was my favorite position. I grabbed her ass tightly with both hands while I shoved my cock deep into her waiting hole. I began slamming my cock into her as deep as I could while reaching around to pinch her nipples.

"ooooooooh, mmm good, yes deeper, give me more of your big cock." I began furiously slamming my cock into her. My balls were slapping off her thighs. Before long she was having yet another orgasm. "Oh, yes I'm cumming," she said. And then she said the one thing I had always imagined her saying but never thought I would, not even at that moment. "Do you want to fuck my ass?" Are you kidding me I thought to myself.

"God yes," I said as I reached into the nightstand and grabbed the lube. I put some lube on my fingers and began fingering her butthole slowly. First with one finger then two, when she said, "OK I'm ready for you." I pushed my cock into her ass slowly. "My god Ryan, your cock feels so good inside of me." I began slowly picking up the pace. We continued for about five more minutes before I felt my orgasm building.

"Going to cum," I said as I began pounding her harder.

" oooo yes, cum in me baby, cum in my ass." And with that I released my load as she lost herself in yet another orgasm. I pulled out and laid down. She turned and laid on top of me and kissed me deeply.

"You are amazing," I said as I lightly traced my fingers up and down her spine. She looked me in the eye and said "That was the best I've ever had." We laid there, holding each other till we fell asleep; me with a big smile having just fucked my sis-in-law on my wife's bed. We had sex every night till Danielle returned home. Then Erin went back to her normal life and her boyfriend who she eventually married. About a year later Danielle and I got back together, but Erin and I still seemed to find time to fuck. She is a total nymph who can't get enough of my cock, and I love fucking her. My wife and I have sex once or twice a month, but Erin and I find time 2 or 3 times a week.