 The day after my fun-filled evening with Adrienne, I had just finished installing a new hot tub next to the Tiki hut, and was relaxing with a beer when Kate came into the yard.

"Hi. I just came to see how you were doing, over here all by yourself ," she said. 

"Oh, I'm doing fine," I told her. "Thank you."

"Good. You're not getting too bored, being in this big house all by yourself?" she asked.

I chuckled, and told her, "No, not too badly."

"Well, I'm bored," she said. "My parents came by this morning to spend the weekend with my kids, and I'm alone for the first time in ages!"

"Oooh!" I teased her. "Are you planning on going wild for the next couple of days?" 

Laughing, she responded, "Yeah, that's me, wild Katie! No, I'm bored! I was just over at Adrienne's, to see if she wanted to go out for dinner, and maybe a couple of drinks, but her daughter told me that she was napping. She said that her mother had a wild night, and was still sleeping it off."

"Really?" I responded. "Adrienne had a wild night? Good for her!"

"Yeah, but now I have no one to go out and try to get in trouble with!" Kate pouted.

"Well, I know that I'm not Adrienne," I told her, "but I would be honored to be your dinner companion tonight."

"Really?" she asked. "You would want to go out to dinner with me?"

"Why not?" I asked in return. "It beats both of us sitting alone, bored. Besides, there is a new Argentinian steak house that I've wanted to check out. You can be my fellow guinea pig."

"Ok," she answered. "Give me a couple of hours to get ready, and I'll come back here."

"A couple of hours?" I asked, teasing her.

"Hey, it's easy for you guys," Kate responded. "You just have to shower, and find clean clothes. We have to do our make-up, find the right outfit, then find shoes to go with the outfit ..."

"Ok, ok," I said, throwing my hands up in defeat, laughing. "Take as long as you need. I'll be here waiting ... patiently."

Kate laughed, and went to her house to prepare for a night on the town. As she reached the end of the driveway, she looked over her shoulder, to see if I was watching her. A smile came across her face as we made eye contact, and I noticed more sway to her hips as she walked the rest of the way to her house.

Just before five o'clock, the phone rang. "What does one wear to an Argentinian steak house?" she asked.

"Anything that you want, I guess," I told her. "I don't think that there is a dress code, but I wouldn't dress TOO casually."

"Ok," she said. "I have a good idea what I want to wear, but I just wanted to check, first. Do you want to pick me up, say in an hour?"

"That will be fine," I assured her. "I'll see you then."

"Ok, bye," she responded, with an almost flirty sound to her voice.

An hour later, I pulled my truck into Kate's driveway, and walked up her front stairs. As I rang her doorbell, I heard her call out, "Come on in. It's open."

A couple of seconds later, while I was waiting in her living room, Kate walked in. "Hi," she said. "Do I look ok?"

"Ok?" I asked as I looked her over. "No. You look incredible!"

She was dressed in a white halter dress, with a red design. She had on a pair of open-toed red heels, and her long amber hair was pulled back in a ponytail. The dress went about mid-thigh, and showed off her legs very nicely. 

The dress did a lot to emphasize her full breasts, which I guessed to be a large 'B' or a small 'C' cup, and her nicely rounded hips and ass. I was used to seeing her in her casual jeans and T-shirts, and like this, I thought that she could give Amy a run for her money, which was saying a lot!

"Thank you," she said, smiling. Turning her back side toward me, she asked the one question that men fear the most, "You don't think that this makes my butt look big?"

"Honestly, I think that the entire outfit makes you look incredible," I told her. "You will have every man, and a few women, looking at you."

"Oh, stop," she said, blushing slightly. "Don't forget, I've seen Amy dressed up for you, and I don't look ANYthing like that!"

"No, you DON'T look like Amy," I told her. "But you DO look just as beautiful, or dare I say, just as hot, as she does."

"Stop it," she said again, this time blushing fully. "Really?"

"Yes, really," I told her. "Now, are you ready?"

"Yes, I'm ready, and I'm hungry. Let's go!" 

When we got to the restaurant, I was proven right. From the valet who helped Kate out of my truck, to the young hostess who seated us, down to the other diners already there, both men and women, Kate drew a lot of attention.

"Now, can I say that I told you so?" I asked her after we were seated.

"Told me so, about what?" she asked.

"About how good you look," I told her. "The valet couldn't keep his eyes off of your legs, the hostess gave you the once over, and a big smile as we walked in, and almost every man, and quite a few women, watched you as we walked to our table. You look incredible."

"The valet is just a kid," she responded, "and the hostess is just being nice. That's her job."

"You can try to convince yourself all you want," I told her. "The fact is that a young kid, who sees a lot of younger women every day, was practically drooling over you, and a young woman gave you the once over. She didn't look at me like that."

"Stop," she said, blushing. "I'm sure that you're just imagining things."

"Ok, I won't embarrass you," I said, "but I know what I saw."

After that, I noticed Kate giving me glances over the top of her menu as we decided what to order. As we made eye contact at one point, she had a big smile on her face, obviously enjoying the fact that, at the very least, she had my attention.

We enjoyed a very nice dinner, a bottle of very nice red wine, and some excellent conversation. We decided to stay there after dinner, and listened to the house band play some Samba music.

We sat and had some more wine while we watched people dancing, and as I watched her moving to the rhythms in her chair, I asked Kate if she wanted to dance.

"You want to dance?" she asked, shocked.

"Why not?" I said. "I've never even tried to Samba before, but I'm willing to make myself look like a fool. Besides, I can't look any worse than some of the people out there right now."

Giggling, she got up and we walked out onto the dance floor. As we danced for the next few minutes, I enjoyed watching Kate's body. Her breasts bounced lightly, and her ass swayed as she moved to the music. She truly was a beautiful sight.

After we went back to our table and finished off our wine, we decided to head home. As we drove, Kate playfully whined that it was too early to go home yet.

"Well, why don't you join me, and we'll have a little more wine, and we can talk some more?" I suggested, not wanting the evening to end either. "Unless you'd like to go somewhere else for a couple of drinks and some dancing."

"No," she replied. "Let's head back. I don't want to go home yet, but if I'm going to have any more to drink, I want it to be close to home."

"That sounds good to me," I told her, as I headed home, encouraged by the fact that she wanted to spend more time with me, too.

When we got back to Amy's, we went around back to the Tiki hut, and I got another bottle of wine as Kate made herself comfortable.

As I started pouring the wine, Kate motioned towards the new hot tub. "I haven't seen that before. When did you put it in?" she asked.

"I just finished it today," I explained. "I haven't even had a chance to try it out yet."

"Aww, poor baby!" she teased as she sipped her wine. "A brand new hot tub, and no one to soak in it with!"

"Oh, I wouldn't say that," I responded, smiling at her. "You're here with me."

"You want me to break it in with you?" she asked, surprised.

"Why not?" I asked. "It's a nice night, and a good soak would be a great way to end an evening like this, especially after all that dancing."

"Yeah, that would feel nice on my legs and back, but I don't know if I should soak with you," she answered. 

"Why not?" I teased. "You don't trust me? Or you don't trust yourself?"

"Yes," she giggled, sipping more wine. "I also don't want to do anything that would hurt your relationship with Amy, or my friendship with her."

"My relationship with Amy is open," I explained. "Neither of us wants anything serious right now, so we are just friends. Very GOOD friends, but still just friends."

"HOW good of friends?" she asked.

"I know what you're getting at, but I will tell you, I NEVER kiss and tell," I told her. "I never even tell if I've kissed." Kate looked at me with a smile, and didn't say anything else.

"Now," I asked, "do you want to help me break in this hot tub?"

"I don't have a swim suit," Kate replied, after thinking about it for a second.

"Well, we're both adults," I told her, hoping that I wasn't pushing my luck too far. "And it IS a hot tub. We COULD go in nude, the way a hot tub is supposed to be enjoyed."

"Oh, I don't know if I'm ready for that," she said. 

"Well, why don't we go in and see if Amy has anything that you can wear," I suggested.

Kate looked at the hot tub, and said, "Oh, what the hell," and stood up. I turned the heater to the tub on, and we headed into the house.

We went into Amy's bedroom, and I told Kate where to look for a swimsuit, while I changed into something that I could wear.

After a couple of minutes, she walked out and told me that none of Amy's suits fit her. That really didn't surprise me, because Kate was a little wider in the hips, and bustier than Amy.

"Well, let's see what else we can come up with," I told her, and went back into Amy's room with her. As I walked in, Kate looked me over and smiled.

I opened Amy's closet, and found an old wife-beater that she wore under her shirts when she worked out. "How about this?" I asked Kate, holding it up for her. 

She took it and held it against her body. "Ok, this might work," she said. "What about bottoms, though?"

"How about your panties?" I asked. "They can't be any more revealing than a swimsuit bottom."

"The ones that I'm wearing are lace," she said shyly.

"Well, I don't think that any of her shorts will fit you," I reasoned. "How about this? You can wear a wrap out to the tub, and I'll turn around until you're all the way in."

Looking at me for a second, Kate finally said, "Ok, that will work. But I still don't think that it's fair that I will be in underwear, and you'll be in a swimsuit."

"Hey, I'm the one that suggested going in nude, remember?" I said.

"Well, then you go in nude, and I'll join you when I get changed," she said with a smile on her face, her eyes going over my body again.

"That fine with me," I said as I walked out, calling her bluff.

I grabbed a couple of towels and headed outside. I refilled the wine glasses, grabbed another bottle, just in case, and went to the tub. 

Checking the water, I was happy with the temperature, and I stripped off my suit and climbed into the tub. I had sunk most of the tub into the ground, but you still had to walk up three steps to get to the deck surrounding it.

As I sat there enjoying the water and the jets, Kate finally walked out of the house. "The shirt's a little tight on me," she said as she climbed the stairs to the tub.

"I'm sure it will be fine," I assured her. "Especially once you get in."

"I hope so," she replied. "Now turn around, like you promised."

I did as she asked, and heard her get into the tub. "Oh, this feels nice!" I heard her say, when she was all the way in. When I turned around, I saw her submerged up to her neck in the water. She had laid her head back on the padded edge and was starting to relax.

"I brought the wine glasses, if you want some more," I told her.

"That sounds good," she replied, and sat up to reach for her glass. I had placed my suit between the glasses, and I heard her gasp when she saw it laying on the deck.

"Oh my god!" she laughed. "You really did take it off?"

"I said that I would," I told her.

"So you're sitting there naked?" she asked, giggling.

"Yes," I told her.

"Oh my god! I don't believe it!" she said.

"What? Do you want proof?" I joked, as I started to stand.

"No!" she laughed. "At least, not yet."

I laughed, and sat back, reaching for my wine. We sat there for a few minutes, talking and drinking, until Kate said softly, "This is nice. Very romantic."

I didn't know how to reply to that, so I just looked over at her. Looking back at me, she asked, "Does that bother you, that I said that?"

"Not at all," I assured her. "I have to agree. It is very nice, and romantic like this."

"I'm sure that Amy will like this," she said softly, still looking at me.

"I'm sure that she will," I replied. "But there's no Amy here right now. Just you and me."

"Yes," she sighed, and reached up for her glass again. After finishing off her wine, Kate looked at me and asked, "Would you mind holding me?"

"I would love to," I said. "Why don't you slide over here, and lean back on me?"

"That sounds perfect," she replied.

Before she sat back against me, I quickly repositioned myself so that one of the jets would be hitting Kate just right. As she leaned into me, I slid my hands around her waist, and I felt the lace of her panties against my rising cock.

It didn't take long before the jets started taking their desired effect on Kate, and she adjusted her body just a bit. She gasped quietly, and I knew that she had felt my cock pressing against her asscheeks.

"This is nice," Kate whispered, as she nestled her head against my chest.

"Yes, it is," I agreed, and I started to slowly slide my hands up along the length of her arms while I softly kissed her neck.

I felt her breathing deepen as my hands started to slowly get closer to her breasts, and she moaned as my lips found a sensitive spot at the base of her neck.

Kate moaned louder when my lips reached her neck just below her ear and I started to softly nibble at the spot. At that point, my hands reached around and softly took her breasts in their grasp.

Kate moaned again as I lifted and squeezed her breasts, and she started to move her hips, rubbing her lace-covered ass against my hard shaft. Her nipples were hard and long, sticking out a good inch.

When I started to gently pinch her nipples while I nibbled on her soft spot under her ear, she breathed, "Oh my god!"

"Do you like that?" I whispered.

"Oh, yeah," she whispered back, arching her back to fill my hands better.

"Why don't you turn around?" I said, as I lowered my hands to her waist.

Kate turned and faced me, and climbed into my lap. I could see the dark outline of her aureola through the wet shirt, her nipples erect and standing out long. 

She looked me in the eyes, her lids half open, and I slid my hands up to her breasts. Cupping each one in my hands, I gently squeezed her tits, lightly pinching her nipples in between my thumb and forefingers, and she closed her eyes and sighed.

I pulled her into me, and my hard shaft fell between her legs, settling against her lace-covered mound. Kate moaned and moved her hips slightly, arranging my cock where it felt best on her.

Leaning into her, I kissed her lightly on the lips. She whimpered and wrapped her arms around me, intensifying our lip lock. I slid my hands down to her ass, and pulled her lower body closer into me, pressing my cock harder against her.

As I squeezed her asscheeks, Kate wiggled and moved her hips, sliding her panties against my pole. She broke off the kiss and pulled me in even closer, her head falling to my shoulder. I felt a slight shudder, and heard her gasp as she bucked her hips faster.

I started moving closer to the far wall of the tub, and leaned her back. Remaking eye contact, I slid my hands back up the front of her wet shirt, gliding them over her hard nipples, until my hands were at the neck of the shirt.

As I looked deep into her eyes, which dripped with lust and desire, I pulled the neck of the shirt apart, ripping it. Hearing the sound of the wet fabric tear, Kate gasped loudly, and then moaned, arching her back and thrusting her chest towards me. 

I squeezed her exposed breasts and nipples, and she kept her eyes closed as she moaned and gasped. She started to move her hips around again, and then reached down and took a hold of my rigid cock.

Her eyes widened as she wrapped her fingers around my hard shaft, and she whispered to me, "Stand up. I want to see you."

She released her grip on my rod, and I stood in front of her. As the water cascaded off of my body, her eyes immediately went to my cock, which stood proud. 

As I stood there, my cock hard and waving in the breeze, I heard some noise coming from the bushes, just as I had the night before. Again, I started to write it off as critters, but this time I noticed a branch moving higher up. Too high for a racoon or possum.

"That's NICE!" she whispered, regaining my attention. "Nice and thick! Long, too! I think I'm going to have fun with this!"

Kate smiled, and reached out again. As she wrapped her fingers around my wet, hard pole, she leaned in to me. Looking up at me, she opened her ruby-red lips, and slowly lowered her head over my cock.

"Oh, my god!" I gasped as she took my shaft into her mouth. I reached down and placed my hands on her head, and she slowly started to bob up and down, sliding her lips over my stiff rod.

Kate took me in deep, and then slowly slid my cock out of her mouth, dragging her tongue along the bottom side if the shaft. When she got to the head, she ran her tongue along the rim, and then started sucking on just the head as she stroked the shaft.

"Oh, yeah," I groaned. "That's nice."

She took me in deep again, and I held her head tight against my crotch. She sucked on the thick, hard shaft, and then slowly slid her lips back.

Reaching up, she took my ass in her hands and started bobbing her head faster, sucking firmly on me.

"Oh my god, that is so good!" I moaned as I watched her.

"Mmmm," she responded, and continued sucking me off. She worked her oral talents on me for a few more minutes, sucking my cock and flitting her tongue along it, until she released my hard staff from her mouth.

"That is a very tasty dick!" she said, continuing to stroke it as she sat back. 

As I lowered myself back into the tub, she released her grip on my shaft, and I leaned in and kissed her. It wasn't long before I started to kiss my way down her neck, and reached her shoulders.

As I started to work my lips and tongue down her chest, I placed my hands on her hips and lifted her up slightly. I sat her on my legs as I pulled one side of the ripped shirt away and kissed my way around her breast. Kate moaned as I lightly lifted her breast, and kissed and licked the underside.

I was circling my way around her breast, closing in on her nipple. When I reached the outer edges of her aureola, she groaned and placed her hands on my head. I stuck my tongue out, and softly licked my way along the darkened skin, and closed in the center.

I finally flicked my tongue across her hardened nipple, and Kate held my head tightly and sighed. Wrapping my lips around her stiff little bud, and sucked it into my mouth, sliding my tongue across it while I did.

After a couple of seconds, I reached up and placed my thumb and forefinger on either side of her erect bud and stretched the skin tight. I flicked my tongue over her nipple quickly, and Kate gasped, and whispered, "Oh, yes!"

I teased her like that for a few seconds, and then switched to her other breast. While I treated that one the same way I did the first, I pinched and pulled on her abandoned nipple, causing her to groan.

After a couple of minutes of teasing her breasts like that, I lifted her higher and sat her on the edge of the tub. As I slid my fingers into the waistband of her white lace panties, she reached down, grabbed my hands, and said, "These are my favorite panties. Don't rip them!"
