 A couple of years ago, I had an on-going relationship with a woman that I had known for a long time. Amy was about five years younger than me, and stunningly gorgeous.

We had met when I was coaching her son in football. At that point, we were both married. We got along quite well, and joked around together a lot. Even during the off-season, we would run into each other, at grocery stores, school functions, etc.

Soon, though, we were both divorced. We went out on a date, wound up sleeping together that night, and remained friends. Neither of us was looking for a serious relationship at that point, so we maintained a "Friends-With-Benefits" type situation.

Last summer, she had a chance to travel overseas to see her cousin. She was planning on taking both of her kids, so she asked me to house-sit for her. She needed someone to feed her pets, water her plants, etc.

When she asked me, of course I immediately agreed. My lease was just about up on my apartment, which I didn't plan on renewing, so staying at her house would give me a chance to find a new place while she was gone.

She had a nice sized house in a corner of a cul-de-sac. I always teased her by calling her street "Hottie Lane." There was a total of six houses in her circle, four of which were occupied by beautiful women, including her.

Her neighbor to her left, Adrienne, which was the first house on that side, was my age, early 40's, with two incredibly gorgeous daughters who were both in college. The neighbor on the other side, Mary Beth, was married, beautiful, in her early 30's, and not too bright. At the other end of the circle was Mary Beth's sister, Kate, who was in her mid-30's, widowed, and after Amy, the second most beautiful woman on the street.

A couple of weeks before she left for her vacation, Amy threw a cook-out for Memorial Day weekend, and invited all of her neighbors. I was running the grill and having a few beers while the women socialized.

Mary Beth's husband didn't attend, mainly because he was an anti-social asshole, but in large part, because he couldn't stand me. At Amy's last party, he tried making fun of me by mocking the fact that I was drinking top shelf bourbon and smoking a Cohiba. I retorted by telling him that it was hard to take someone's opinions seriously when they looked, and acted, like a cross between Larry The Cable Guy and Toby Keith.

Everyone else, though, was there, and a good time was had by all. At one point, Amy mentioned that I was going to be house sitting while she was gone. Mary Beth moaned that her husband was going to have a fit, with me living next door for a month, and Adrienne responded that she thought it would be nice having a man around for a while.

Towards the end of the party, while everyone was stuffed and either drunk, or almost there, Adrienne came up to me while I was making another round of Margaritas.

"While you are here, if there is anything you need, just let me know," she told me, speaking slowly and slurring a bit.

"Thanks," I responded. "I'll keep that in mind."

"I DO mean ANYthing," she told me, giggling, as she walked away.

As I watched her walked away, her hips swishing under her short jeans skirt, I saw Mary Beth walk towards me. I could tell that she was already drunk by the way that she wobbled on her feet.

"I just wanted to apologize," she told me, slurring heavily, "for what I said earlier. I didn't mean to insult you. I just meant that the asshole is going to be even more of an asshole with you here. Sometimes, I wish I wasn't married to him, he's such a jerk."

"Hey, no insult taken," I told her. "I have to ask though, are you ok? You seem a bit drunk."

"I am drunk," she responded. "But not drunk enough. I know that when I get home, the asshole is going to interrogate me, and then want to have sex. At least this way, I can just go to bed and pass out before he tries to stick that tiny little thing he calls a dick into me."

I was surprised that Mary Beth was speaking like that. She was usually very quiet and mousy, almost like she was afraid to voice an opinion. I knew that she was very devoted to her church, much like her sister. I just wrote it off as liquid courage.

At the end of the night, I had four drunk women on my hands, all to varying degrees. Mary Beth was obviously the worst off, but Adrienne wasn't too far behind. Kate was tipsy and slurring her words, but not too bad off. Amy was quite "happy", and I had to admit that I had quite a good buzz going.

I couldn't let these women walk, or rather stumble, home alone, even if it was no more than a few hundred feet at the most. I started walking them home, with May Beth first. 

She was so drunk that I had to have her hold on to me. As I got her home, her husband opened the door and did not look happy that she was that wasted, or that I was walking her home, especially considering the fact that she was virtually hanging on me.

He started giving her grief, and I told him, quite simply, that if he had bothered to come over and visit, he would have been the one walking her home. His response was a basic and crude, "Fuck you."

"Oh," I responded. "How can I possibly recover from such a witty and biting comeback?"

He glared at me and slammed the door shut while I laughed at him, remembering what Mary Beth had said about him.

Next, I walked Adrienne home. As we got to her door, she thanked me for being such a gentleman, gave me a tight hug that lasted a few seconds, and reminded me that she was "just next door", in case I needed ANYTHING. I thanked her, and then went back to walk Kate home.

Kate, obviously, was the longest walk, although only a few hundred feet. As I walked her home, she hooked her arm in mine, and started telling me that she was glad that I was around. She asked me about my relationship with Amy, and when I told her that we were mainly just friends, I could tell by the tone of her voice that she was intrigued.

A couple of weeks later, I took Amy and her kids to the airport and saw them off. The last thing that Amy said to me before she went through security was, "Have fun while I'm gone."

I then went back to her house and settled in. That evening, I was enjoy the cool temps as I sat in the Tiki Hut that I had helped Amy put up the summer before.

It was a nice set-up back there. Sitting in the corner of the yard, along the fence separating her yard from Adrienne's, we put in a small refrigerator, a stereo, fire pit, and wicker seating. I was relaxing in a nicely padded chair with a beer and a joint. I don't smoke often, but I had taken some vacation time myself, and decided that this was a good time.

I hadn't lit up yet, just enjoying the breeze, when Adrienne showed up, wearing her usual mini-skirt, with a sleeveless button-down blouse and sandals . She walked into the yard and came right to the hut. "Making yourself at home already?" she chuckled as she saw me.

"Well, for the next couple of weeks, this is home," I told her. "What are you drinking?"

I made her a Margarita, and she sat next to me as we started to talk. She told me that her youngest daughter was gone on vacation with her dad and his family, and her oldest was working that night, waitressing at a local club. 

As she went to put her drink on the table, she noticed the joint sitting there. "Oh my god!" she exclaimed. "I haven't seen one of those in years. I didn't know you smoked."

"I don't smoke often," I explained. "Would you care to join me?"

Giggling, she answered, "Sure, why not?"

As we smoked, I made her another drink, and had another beer myself. By the time we were done smoking, I could tell that Adrienne was toasted.

"So are you and Amy serious?" she asked, as she handed me her glass for another drink. She had a gleam in her eyes that told me that we wasn't just asking to be neighborly.

"We are just good friends," I answered.

"VERY good friends, judging from some of the sounds I've heard coming from her window," she giggled.

"You've heard us?" I asked, as I handed her the drink.

"Oh, I've done more that just hear you," she answered.

"Would you care to explain?" I asked, getting curious as to what she was leading to.

"I was outside one night and I heard some noises, so I went to check it out," she started. "While I was at the side of the house, I noticed that the sounds were coming from Amy's window, and I could see in. I could see you two, you know, doing it. She was very happy!"

"You were spying on us?" I asked.

"I wasn't really spying," she tried to explain. "I told you, I heard the noises, and I went to investigate. I was trying to be a good neighbor."

"By looking in her window, and watching us," I pushed.

"I couldn't help it. Once I knew what the noises were ..." she said.

"And you just happened to be on the side of the house, away from everything else," I said. "Did you enjoy being the voyeur?"

"I couldn't see very much, but what I did see was very hot, and sexy," she answered, almost in a whisper.

"Did you touch yourself while you were watching us?" I asked.

Adrienne hesitated before answering. "A little," she told me. "I did more when I went home, and went to bed."

Watching her, I could tell that the conversation, along with the booze and the weed, were getting to her. She was squirming a little in her seat, and I could see her nipples poking through her shirt.

"You're getting turned on just thinking about it, aren't you?" I challenged her.

"Yes," she answered softly.

"Do you wish that it was you, sometimes?" I pushed.

"Yes," she replied.

"Stand up," I told her.

Adrienne did as I requested, and walked towards me.

I could see her nipples poking through her shirt as I reached out to her. Looking her in the eyes, I smiled as I slowly slid my hand up her legs. She was breathing heavy and let out a moan and a sigh as I slid my fingers along her wet, satin panties.

"You are very excited, aren't you?" I teased.

Adrienne closed her eyes, and again whispered, "Yes."

I stood and took a small step towards her. Leaning in, I placed my hands on her hips and kissed her. I started lightly at first, but soon increased the passion behind the lip-lock. 

As one hand slid behind her, just above her ass, and the other slid up to her shoulder blade, I lightly pulled her in closer and held her tight as I kissed her with even more intensity and passion, while my hands glided across her back.

Adrienne moaned, and wrapped her arms around me, returning my kiss. I slid one hand down, cupping her ass-cheeks and pulling her in even closer. 

I knew that she could feel my hard cock pushing against her belly, just above her pussy, and soon enough, I could feel her moving her hips, trying to rub her pussy against my leg while she rubbed her belly against my stiff rod.

Slowly, I turned us so that Adrienne had her back to the seats. I started sliding my hand down to the back of her leg, just above her hem line. As I kissed my way along her jaw-line, I slowly slid one hand up under her skirt, gliding softly along her leg towards her ass, while the other hand slowly slid up under the back of her shirt.

As my lips made their way to the spot just below her ear, and just above her jaw, Adrienne gasped and pulled me in tight, enjoying the feel of my fingertips. She started wiggling her hips again, almost humping my leg, as she gave in to the sensations.

Slowly, I pulled away from her, and directed Adrienne to the larger seat in the hut, basically a well-cushioned wicker couch. I placed her in the center, and sat her there. Sitting myself to her right, I briefly resumed kissing her, wrapping one arm around her back, and putting the other at her side, just below her arm.

As I worked my way back to her neck, I slid my free hand across her body, while Adrienne held me tight and moaned into my ear. My hand went from her side, with my thumb grazing along the side of her lightly covered breast, down her body, until it was lightly sliding along her beautiful legs, down to her knees.

Slowly bringing my hand back up her legs, I slid my fingertips just under the edge of her skirt as I started kissing my way down her neck towards her chest. Adrienne moaned and gasped as I slid my hand up higher under her skirt, and I kissed my way down along the edge of her blouse, kissing as much of her neck and chest as was exposed.

I went down one side of her chest, following the edges of the blouse, and up the other side. As I kissed my way up the side of her neck, I slid my hand even higher, raising Adrienne's skirt almost to her hips.

With my hand very lightly cupping her mound, my lips reached her ear. "I'm going to need two hands, if I'm going to keep kissing and licking my way across your chest." I felt her gasp, and I continued. " Now, I can use both of my hands," I told her, applying a little pressure on her hot pussy, feeling the warmth and moisture radiating from her, "or you are going to have to help me."

As soon as I said that, her hands flew down to her blouse, and started opening the buttons. As soon as she had the top one on-done, her hands flew to the next. Reaching down, I took her hands in mine.

"Slow down," I told her softly. "My lips can't move that fast!"

Adrienne laughed softly, and exhaled, relaxing. I resumed kissing her neck, and slowly started back down her chest, this time covering more flesh. This time, instead of working my way up and down, I started going side-to-side, pushing the blouse open at the edges. 

As I worked my way towards the next button, her hands slid back up and undid it. This time, she didn't drop her hands, she kept them at her sides.

We continued like this, she unbuttoning her blouse for me as I kissed and licked my way across her slowly baring chest while my fingers started to slide underneath the panel of her panties. I could feel how hot, and wet, her pussy was, and I knew that I wanted to taste her juices.

Eventually, Adrienne's blouse was open and I kissed and licked my way around, over, and across her tissue-thin bra. I couldn't believe that a bra that thin could hold up a pair of breasts like hers as I flicked my tongue across her nipples.

I had both nipples stiff and pushing against the fabric when I pulled back slightly. I slipped a fingertip into Adrienne's wet pussy as I started to blow gently across her wet nipples. She moaned, and started to move her hips, trying to get more of my finger inside if her.

I bent down and started to nip at her hard little nubs as I pushed my finger in deeper. She groaned again, and held my head in place as I flicked my tongue across a nipple. Finally, she reached up and un-did the front clasp to the bra, and then pulled the bra open. Grasping both of her tits in her hands, she squeezed them while she moved her hips, trying to get a better angle for my hand.

I slid a second finger into her, burying both of them as the heel of my hand rubbed against her clit. Moving my hand around, while she squeezed her tits and pulled on her nipples, I started looking for the spot along the top of her pussy walls as my fingers wiggled around.

Listening to her gasps, and watching her body jump and shake when I passed over one particular spot, I knew that I had zeroed in on her magic button. I slid my fingers out of her pussy, to Adrienne's moans of disappointment, and brought them up to her tits. I showed her my shiny wet fingers, and then started to rub her juices around her nipple.

I had rubbed all of the fluid from one finger off, and then I held the other finger up, looking at her. Keeping eye contact, I slowly ran my tongue up the length of my finger, tasting her juice. She started squeezing her tits again, never once taking her eyes off of my hand.

I held out my hand, offering her a taste of my finger. With a slight smile, she opened her mouth, and leaned forward to take my finger in. She sucked and licked her wetness from my finger, giving me a hint to what I had coming to me when I offered my cock to her lips.

Leaning in to her, I flicked my tongue across her stiff, pussy-juice covered nipple as my hand slid back down her body. I could detect a taste of her muskiness coating her hard bud as she held her tit up to me as an offering.

As I sucked the nipple into my mouth, I slid my fingers back under her panties and into her hot, wet pussy. Adrienne gasped loudly as I sucked hard on her nipple, taking it in as deep as I could, and buried two fingers deep into her soaking, sweltering pussy.

I kissed my way across her chest, licking and sucking on her other tit, and then started sliding my way down her body, which was already starting to glow with a sheen of sweat.

I kissed down her belly, and heard a sharp intake of breath as I ducked my head under her skirt. I slid my fingers out of her pussy, reached up, and slid her panties off. 

Holding her legs in the air, I leaned in and placed a kiss on the top of her mound. As I kissed down the sides, passing over the edges of her labia, Adrienne moaned loudly again, and I could feel her body start to shake just a little.

I slid my tongue up one side of her slit, slowly dragging it from her ass up along the edge, up around the side of her clit hood. Then, I started on the other side. 

"Oh, god, that feels nice," she moaned as I flicked the tip of my tongue across the top of the shaft to her clit.

Kneeling between her legs, I slowly slid my tongue out and flicked it around the seeping wet hole to her pussy. As I leisurely dragged my tongue up her wet slit, she started to wiggle her hips and reached down with her hands, placing them at my head.

With a tongue full of her oozing elixir, I spread her juices along her slit, until I reached her stiff little clit. I flicked my tongue quickly at the tip of her sensitive bud, and she jumped.

"Oh my god!" she yelped. "Oh, yes! I haven't had my pussy eaten since I was in college. Please eat my pussy!"

I leaned in and started to dance my tongue all over her pussy, paying a lot of attention to the shaft right behind her clit. I slid my tongue down her slit to her oozing pussy. I lapped up her juices, spreading them around, and then slid my tongue deep into her pussy.

With my tongue flicking at the top wall of her wet hole, and the tip of my nose wiggling just under her clit, Adrienne started to gasp and moan even louder.

"Oh, yes!" she breathed. "Oh, god, I love this! This feels so good!"

After tongue fucking her for a couple of minutes, I slid my tongue out, and licked a little further down. Pushing Adrienne's legs up, my tongue quickly passed over her ass. That brought out a loud intake of breath, and her body tensed for a moment, and then she relaxed again.

I took another pass at her ass, and this time, she sighed as my tongue rimmed her tight ass. She had started squeezing her tits, and was pulling on her nipples as my tongue flitted across her tight back hole.

As I let her legs down, I slid my hand up so that my fingers were poised just at her pussy. I started to lick around her clit, and slipped a finger just to the mouth of her wet hole. I wiggled my finger around just inside her steamy opening as my tongue stroked her clit.

"Oh my god! Yes!!" she exclaimed as I added a second finger and slid them both into her pussy. 

I started to slide my fingers in and out of her hole, which was getting wetter by the second. When I increased my attack on her clit with my tongue, I started stroking the top of her pussy walls with my fingers.

"Oh, my goooddd!" Adrienne whimpered as she started moving her hips around. By now, she was switching back and forth between squeezing her full melons, and pulling hard on the nipples, stretching them out.

When I added my little finger to the mix, wiggling around her asshole, Adrienne started to buck and wiggle her hips even more. With two of my fingers teasing her oozing pussy, and my pinkie pressing at her back door, Adrienne really started to explode.
