 Alone in the Viewing Room 

I was house sitting for a friend who unexpectedly had to leave on business. He called me in a hurry asking if I could stay at his place while he had to leave for the East coast. He wouldn't be more than a few days. I agreed and arrived at his house an hour later. I reached to knock on the door just as Bill opened it. "Hello Jack, I was just leaving. Please, make yourself at home. I will be back in a few days. Sorry for the short notice. You are a lifesaver!" We shook hands, I wished him well, and proceeded into the front hallway, placing my bag next to the front door. 

Bill was an old buddy from my childhood. We had stayed in touch throughout the years and even managed to become closer after college. Our careers placed us in the same area of Denver, Colorado - he a film editor and me a lawyer. Bill had done quite well for himself, landing final editing gigs on many blockbuster movies. As such, he built quite a home office complete with state of the art equipment. I welcomed the quiet getaway from my hectic law practice. I fancied what Bill did and was intrigued by all of the latest video equipment and software. Usually the section of the house where Bill 'worked' was kept behind a locked door; however, in his haste to leave he had forgotten to close up shop. I took this opportunity to catch up on what Bill was working on. 

I grabbed a cold beer from the fridge and opened it. Nothing like a cold beer on a hot summer night! Bill had a staff of live-in maid and butler who were doing their own thing in another part of the house. Besides, they were used to seeing me in the house and staying over. I opened the double-doors to the editing room and made my way to the viewing section. To keep things on the down-low, I closed the doors behind me just to have some privacy. Bill had left a few unlabeled DVD's out and I grabbed one and put it into the player. As usual, when the image popped onto the massive 60-inch screen, the volume level was at a deafening roar. I scrambled to locate the remote and find the volume button. I was sure that I had alerted anyone within a mile of my whereabouts. Nobody in the house came knocking so I continued to sloop about. 

Settling into one of the black leather theater-style chairs, I set my attention toward the screen. I was pleasantly surprised as I noticed Bill's latest work had been a video on the life of a mutual high school friend who made it big in the adult film industry. This particular DVD was showcasing the lifestyle that she lived behind the scenes. It showed some personal footage filmed by Shelly herself. As I continued to watch it was very apparent that Shelly had a sexual appetite that filled most of her waking hours. She filmed some very personal and private areas of her life. I found myself very aroused from the footage. I must admit, I had often fantasized about Shelly, especially while masturbating or being with another woman. Here I was alone with a 60-inch private viewing of Shelly filming her most intimate moments. 

My male urges took over as my carnal desires got the best of me. I stripped off my clothes to enjoy the film and jerk off at the same time. The cool leather seats felt surprisingly erotic against my naked body. I started stroking my half-erect cock as I continued to watch the giant image of Shelly in front of me. Her full lips were moving as she spoke into the camera but I couldn't hear what she was saying. All I could think of was blowing my load all over her gorgeous face! I looked around to see if I was still alone. Lucky for me the house staff kept mostly to themselves. I continued to stroke my now rock-hard cock with both hands; squeezing my balls as I watched the raw footage. My back was on the seat of the leather chair. My legs were spread wide as both of my hands gripped my cock as I stroked and aimed my member at the screen. I pointed my engorged cockhead directly at Shell as she looked at me. I grabbed the remote and pushed pause just as an image of Shelly's face filled the entire screen. Her full lips were spread apart as if she was waiting for my cock to enter her wanting mouth. I stood up and walked in front of the TV. 

I was reaching my climax as both of my hands feverishly stroked my shaft up and down. One hand squeezed my cockhead as the other pumped my shaft. I flexed my hips toward the larger than life image of Shelly. My cock slammed against the screen touching Shelly's full lips just as cum spewed out of my aching member. I stroked my shaft and squeezed my balls in ecstasy as I blew my load all over her face on the screen. Wanting more, I rubbed my bulging cockhead against the screen filling Shelly's mouth with my cum. The sensation was exhilarating as I sat my naked body back into the chair. 

I was catching my breath when I noticed a movement on the opposite side of the room. My body froze. I felt the rush of embarrassment from my masturbating escapade combined with the guilty pleasure of someone watching me jerk off and cum onto the screen. In the darkness I couldn't see where I had thrown my clothes. With no other option, I remained seated in the leather chair. I pushed play on the remote and watched Shelly come back to life in front of me. The entire room was completely dark except for the light coming from the screen. My cum was smeared over half of the screen as I continued to watch Shelly in her private home videos. The sound was muted and I could hear myself breathing heavy. My limp cock rested against my thigh. 

In my peripheral vision I saw the shape of a person move slowly against the wall. Whoever it was had not left and instead seemed to be moving closer as if to get a better view. But of what? Shelly? My nakedness? I slowly turned my head and looked in the direction of the other person. 

My mouth opened as I heard myself say, "I thought I was alone. I'll clean up the mess. I just got a little carried away, you know, caught up in the moment." 

The other person was silent. A moment or two passed as I fidgeted in the chair, not sure if I should stand up or continue watching the video. 

Ever so slowly the other person in the room walked between me and the screen. It appeared to be a woman approximately 5 ½ feet tall. I could only make out her silhouette as she continued to walk parallel to the TV screen. Her movements were completely silent as she seductively walked in front of me. From her silhouette I could tell she wasn't wearing any clothes. Her fit body was curvy yet muscular as she walked. Her firm breasts were perky with long, erect nipples. Her stomach was flat as it moved in and out with her shallow breaths. Her ass was plump and firm. She appeared comfortable in her nakedness. 

Without a word she stopped and looked directly at me. Her naked body was parallel to the TV screen as her head turned 90 degrees toward me. Her eyes peered into mine. Locked into my gaze, her right hand reached in front of her and touched the screen. Her index finger touched my cum from the screen. Her purposeful finger then reached her mouth as her full red lips parted and her tongue tasted my cum. Her mouth closed around her finger as she sucked it clean. 

My eyes caressed her silhouette as I noticed her left arm gently moving in front of her. The smell of sexual lust filled the air. In the deafening quietness I could hear her fingering her wet pussy. She turned to face me, her backside now pressed against the cum covered TV screen. Her legs spread shoulder wide, I could see the shape of her inner thigh. Her left hand was folded into her wet pussy. Her thumb and three fingers were pushing in and out of her vagina at a feverish pace. Her other hand had left her mouth and was massaging one of her breasts. Her knees bent slightly as she pleased herself in front of me. The sound of her wet pussy seemed to get louder as her fingers forced themselves faster and faster into her wetness. 

I heard a slight moan come from her mouth. Her head was tilted back and I could see her biting down on her bottom lip. Both hands were now finger fucking her dripping wet pussy. Her body was heaving and bending, reacting to her sexual touch. There was a fierce twitch as I felt a wetness on my chest. Again and again her body lunged forward as she moaned in ecstasy. She dropped to her knees with her hips forward. Squirt after squirt of her pussy juices flew toward me as it hit my chest and crotch. After one final squirt she laid on the floor, her body limp from her own climax. We both sat there naked in the darkness. I looked at her and she at me. No one said a word. We just looked at one another. 

After a minute of complete silence, the mysterious masturbating woman stood up and walked over to the leather chair next to where I was sitting. She sat down and grabbed the TV remote to turn off the DVD that was still playing. The room was now completely dark. I could only hear the hum of the air conditioning pumping cool air through the vents in the room. 

The quiet was broken by the voice of my naked friend. "I have done a lot of crazy sexual acts but that was a first for me!" 

I wasn't quite sure how to respond or if I even should. I found myself agreeing as I said, "Yes, that was a first for me too. I got carried away and before I knew it I was cumming all over the place." 

I faced the naked woman sitting next to me in the darkness as I asked her, "How long had you been watching me?" 

There was no answer for a moment and then she said, "I watched as you entered the house and spoke with Bill. I was working on some dialogue for the documentary. I was lying on the couch across the room and dozed off. I awoke when you put in the DVD - the volume was set pretty high." 

As calmly as possible I continued the conversation (here I was butt-naked in a dark room with a naked woman whom I didn't know and we both just ejaculated in front of one another). 

"So do you and Bill work together?" I asked. 

The voice next to me, faintly familiar now, retorted, "No, not really. I mean...we were introduced by my agent. Bill has had my videos for a few months now and I just finished a shoot on the West coast. This was my first opportunity to see the film. I was asked to provide some 'first-person' perspective in order to tie some loose ends together." 

I was shocked. I was completely and utterly shocked. Here I was sitting, naked no less, next to my high school fantasy girl Shelly Smith. She had watched as I masturbated all over her larger than life image on the TV screen. I had watched her taste my cum as she finger fucked herself in front of me. In my wildest dreams this was never the way I had imagined reuniting with Shelly. Thank goodness the room was completely dark. Shelly couldn't see the cheesy grin I had on my face at the thought of what just happened. 

I composed myself and continued our naked, face to face dialogue. "So how long until the film gets released" I asked? "I am intrigued to watch more of your sexual exploits on the big screen." 

Shelly didn't miss a beat and shot back saying, "Why wait until the release date? You can find out right now!"